1850.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
1897
effected by it, nothing was to be paid; if it resulted
in a savings but half the amount was to be paid
for five years. As had been well said by the
chairman of the Committee on Naval Affairs, if
there was no saving, there would be no pay; if
there was a saving, but half of it was to be paid.
He saw no objection to the proposition.
On motion, the committee rose, and
The House adjourned.
IN SENATE.
Friday, September 20,1850.
Mr. CLARKE presented a memorial of Thomas
Ginn&ty, an alien, resident of Washington, asking
that he may be allowed to hold certain property
purchased by him in said city; which was referred
to the Committee on the Judiciary.
Mr. SOULE presented the memorial of Isaac D.
Marks, asking that the bill from the House of Rep-
resentatives in relation to the Mexican indemnity
may be so amended as to enable the Mexican Gov-
ernment, through its Minister duly authorized to
receipt therefor, to receive the money in New York
instead of in Mexico, and setting forth his belief
that the bill would have received the sanction of
the House had that body been informed of all the
facts, and asking that the statements contained in
the memorial may be verified before a committee
of the Senate; which was referred to the Commit-
tee on Finance.
COMMITTEE ON ENROLLED BILLS.
On motion by Mr. RUSK, it wai ordered that
Mr. Dawson, of Georgia, be added to the Com-
mittee on Enrolled Bills.
COLONIZATION.
%Mr. WHITCOMB presented a resolution of the
Legislature of Indiana, instructing the Senators
and requesting the Representatives of that State in
Congress to use their exertions to effect such
changes in our relations with England, on the sub-
ject of the African slave trade, as will authorize
the transportation of the colored population of the
United States to Africa; which was ordered to lie
on the table.
REPORTS FROM COMMITTEES.
Mr. DAVIS, of Mississippi, from the Commit-
tee on Military Affairs, to which was referred Sen-
ate bill No. 317, being the bill for the payment of
a company of Indiana volunteers called into the
service of the United States, reported back the
same without amendment, and recommended its t
passage. f !
Mr. NORRIS, from the Committee of Claims, !
to which was referred the petition of Thomas B. I
Winston, asking that the amount of a judgment i
obtained against him might be refunded, submitted
an adverse report thereon; which was ordered to
be printed.
Mr. BERRIEN, from the Committee on the Ju-
diciary, to which was referred the memorial of
William Y. Hansell, William H. Underwood, and ;
the representatives of Samuel Rockwell, submit- j
ted a report, which was ordered to be printed,
recommending the adoption of the following amend-
ment. to the Indian appropriation bill:
" For payment in full of the claims of William Y. Hansel!
and the representatives of Samuel Rockwell, hemg the bal-
ance of the Mini of .§"60,000 reserved in the treaty between
the United States and the Cherokee nation (negotiated the
29th December, 1835) for the payment of the said claims,
and misapplied by the United States commissioners to the
payment of tho&e claims, the said sum to be distributed in
the following manner:
To W, Y. Hansel! $11,J 46
To W. Underwood  9,045
To the legal representatives of Samuel Rockwell 10,144
Mr. FOOTS, from the Committee on Foreign
Relations, to which was referred the memorial of
A. P. Brittingham, asked to be discharged from
the futther'consideration of the same; which was
agreed to.
Mr. DOWNS. I now ask that the memorialist
have leave to withdraw his papers.
The PRESIDENT. Has there been a*n adverse
report in the case?
Mr. DOWNS. It is a simple discharge from
the consideration of the case.
The leave to withdraw the documents was then
granted.
Mr. FELCH, from the Committee on Public
Lands, to which was referred the bill to provide
for the survey of the public lands in California/:
the granting of donation rights there, and the is-
suing of permits to American citizens to work the
mines, reported back the same without amend-
ment.
RESOLUTIONS.
Mr. CLAY submitted the following resolution,
which was considered by unanimous consent and
agreed to:
Resolved, That there be paid out of the contingent fund
of the Senate to John C. Fitzpatrick one hundred dollars for
clencal services rendered the committee appointed the 18th
of April, 1850.
Mr. DAVIS, of Massachusetts, submitted the
following resolution, which was considered and
agreed to:
Resolved, That the Secretary of the Treasury be requested
to report what have been the measures adopted to prevent
frauds upon the revenue since the passage of the act of 1846,
and what has been the result.
Mr. BADGER submitted the following resolu-
tion for consideration:
Resolved^ That the clerk to Ihe President pro tempore be
continued during the recess of Congress at the same per diem
compensation as heretofore allowed.
Mr. BADGER. I presume there is no objec-
tion to the resolution; and I^ask the unanimou3
consent of the Senate to consider it now.
Mr. PRATT. Let it lie over.
FLORIDA AND GEORGIA RAILROADS.
Mr. BERRIEN. The bill ordered to be en-
grossed yesterday granting on certain conditions
the alternate sections of public lands along the
route of a railroad from Pensacola, in the State of
Florida, to Montgomery, in the State of Alabama,
will require an amendment. With the consent of
the Senator from Florida, [Mr. Morton,] who
has the bill in charge, I will move that the vote
ordering the bill to be engrossed be reconsidered.
The motion to reconsider wa3 agreed to.
Mr. BERRIEN. The seventh section of this
bill reads, " That all the advantages, benefits,
and privileges that are hereby granted to the States
of Florida and Alabama, and which are granted
by this act, shall be extended to the said States
for the construction rf a railroad from the waters
of Pensacola bay to the waters of the Mobile bay,
or Tensaw river, in the State of Alabama."
Now, I move to amend the section by adding,
" And of a railroad or branch railroad to the
Chattahoochee and Flint rivers, in the State of
Georgia."
There is now in the process of construction, in
the State of Georgia, what is denominated the
southwestern railroad, extending from the Chatta-
hoochee to the Flint river. By this amendment
it is proposed to invest the company who are con-
structing that road with power to connect it with
the road authorized by this bill. There is now a
road from Macon to the Atlantic. I presume no
further explanation will be necessary.
Mr. MORTON. A bill has passed the Senate
authorizing a grant of land to aid in the constiuc-
tion of a railroad from Pensacola to Montgomery.
This amendment is simply to authorize the com-
pany to extend a branch from the Chattahoochee
river, so as to connect with a railroad in the State
of Georgia.
The question being then taken on the amend-
ment. it was agreed to, and no further amend-
ment being then proposed, the bill was reported to
the Senate, the amendment was concurred in, the
bill was ordered to be engrossed as amended for
a third reading, and was subsequently read a third
time and passed,
Mr. BERRIEN. The amendment that has
just been made will require that the title be
amended, and I move to add the words " and for
other purposes," so that it will read, "A bill
granting the right of way and making a grant of
land to the States of Florida and Alabama, in aid
of the construction of a railroad from the waters
of Pensacola bay in Florida to Montgomery in
the State of Alabama, and for other purposes;"
which was agreed to.
POTOMAC INSURANCE COMPANY.
Mr. MASON. I ask the Senate to take up the
bill to renew the charter of the Potomac Insurance
Company, for the purpose of reconsidering a vote
which was taken the other day on an amendment
of the House of Representatives, making the stock-
holders individually liable for losses sustained. This
amendment wa? made by the House of Represent-
atives, and will, 1 believe, render the bill valueless.
I do not propose to discuss the bill now, but I
make the motion to take it up with the view of
having the bill laid upon the table. 1 shall not
call it up again during the present session.
The bill was taken up accordingly, and on mo-
tion by Mr. MASON, the bill and the amendment
were laid upon the table.
WAR BOUNTY SCRIP.
Mr. UNDERWOOD. I move to take up for
consideration the joint resolution to amend a reso-
lution offered the 10th of August, 1850, relative to
the land payments, or interest on the war bounty-
scrip.
Mr. U. said: The Senate will remember that
some time ago I offeied a resolution providing for
the payment of interest on war bounty scrip that
might hereafter be presented for redemption at the
Treasury. Ft was passed,but prior to its passage
a good deal of scrip had been presented, and the
principal paid without interest; and hence it be-
came necessary to amend it so as to allow interest
to be paid on scrip which had thus been redeemed.
The practice of the Government had been, where
notice had not been given of the assignment, to
enter the interest to the credit of the original holder
of the scrip. The original resolution provided that
the interest which had accrued after the assign-
ment should he paid to the assignee after the scrip
was presented. That passed, and action has been
had upon it. But before the passage of the reso-
lution a good deal of serif? had been presented, on
which the Government paid the principal, and not
the interest; and this amendment is now required
to pay the interest which had accrued before the
passage of the first resolution.
The resolution was reported to the Senate, and
ordered to be engrossed for a third reading.
BILL PASSED,
The engrossed bill authorizing the settlement
and payment of the account of Robert L. Blair, .
for the subsisting and transportation of companies
K and D of the fifth regiment of Tennessee volun-
teers from Jonesborough to Knoxville, in the year
1849, was read a third time and passed.
RECIPROCAL TRADE WITH CANADA.
Mr. HAMLIN moved that the Senate take up
the bill to promote reciprocal trade with Canada,
for the purpose of making it a special order; but
the motion was not agreed to.
POST ROUTES IN THE UNITED STATES.
On the motion of Mr. ROSIC, the Senate pro-
ceeded to the consideration of House bill No. 385,
entitled "A bill to establish certain post routes in
the United States."
Mr. RUSK. The Committee on the Post Of-
fice and Post Roads have reported various amend-
ments to this bill. They have looked over it very
carefully, and these amendments are all put in
regular order, so that no difficulty can arise about
them. The amendments are generally known to
Senators, and therefore 1 move that the question
be taken upon the amendments together.
The amendments were adopted.
On the motion of Mr. RUSK, several other
amendments which he offered at the request of in-
dividual Senators, were also adopted. The bill
and the amendments simpiv establish the several
post routes through every State and Territory in.
the Union, the enumeration of which in the bili oc-
cupies nearly sixty pages.
Mr. RUSK. 1 have also an amendment, con-
sisting of several additional sections, which I send
to the Chair, and desire that it may be read.
The amendment was read, as follows:
Beit enacted, 4"c., That there shall be appointed by the
President, with the consent of the Senate, a Deputy Post-
master General for California and Oregon, who shall rtaide
at San Fianck-co, and receive a -alary of per annum.
He shall exeicise and perform within California and Otegon
.ill the powers and dunes bv law vested in the Postmaster
General. «o far a* the same shall be assigned to him b> the
Postmo*ter General, subject to his supervision, dneeiion,
and instructions; and shall make of his procet ding*, and of
the condition of the post office-* and mail service within his
jurisdiction, >mch reports as the Postmaster General shall
direct, and employ such number of clerks, and at suehsaiary
j as ihe Postmaster General shall allow.
Sec. 2 ^Ind he it further enacted, Th^re shall be ap-
pointed by the President, with the consent of the Senate, a
post office auditor for California and Oregon, who shall re-
side at San Francisco, and receive a salary of dollars
per annum. Tt shall be his duty to audit and settle, accord-
in? to 'aw, all claim? and accounts of postmasters with the
Post Office Department, arising or accruing in California or
Oregon, and to perform all dune* in regard to said claim* and
accounts, and such other duties asslfell be assigned to him
by the Secretary of the Treasury, (or Postmaster General,)
in the sime manner that the Auditor of the Treasury for
the Post Office Department is now required to perform like
duties, and to transmit to stud department, addressed to the
Auditor thereof, a quarterly statement, exhibiting the
amount of its revenues deiived from postages collected in
California and Oregon, and the amount of its expenditures
