1850.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
1899
The question is on the motion to suspend the
rules.
Mr. JONES. Let the resolution be read.
The SPEAKER. The resolution simply pro-
vides that the daily hour of meeting shall be ten
o'clock.
Mr. JONES. For the remainder of the session ?
The SPEAKER. For the remainder of the
session.
Mr. COBB called for the yeas and nays on the
motion to suspend* the rules.
The SPEAKER (having counted) said there
was not a sufficient number.
Mr. COBB called for tellers on the yea3 and
nays. #
Tellers were refused.
Mr. BAYLY. What time will the committees
have to act upon bills from the Senate ?
The SPEAKER put the question on the motion
to suspend the rules, and the affirmative vote was
declared to be 55.
The negative vote was given up.
So, two-thirds not voting in the affirmative, the
rules were not suspended, and the resolution was
not received.
THE COMMITTEES.
Mr. BAYLY. I ask the unanimous consent of
the House to introduce a resolution. It provides
for an amendment to one of our rules, the adoption
of which the business of the House renders abso-
lutely indispensable, as, if the House will indulge
me for a moment, I will demonstrate.
No objection having been made—
Mr. BAYLY proceeded with his remarks. The
amendment prop.oses to enable Committees of Con-
ference and the Committee of Ways and Means
to report at any time. Bills from the Senate—ap-
propriation bills—will be coming like a torrent
down upon us, and if the Committee of Ways and
Means is to be compelled to wait for the regular
call of reports, it will be impossible to get the bills
through during the single week that remains of the
session.
[General cries of "Consent."]
The SPEAKER. What rule does the gentle-
man fronrr Virginia [Mr. Bayly] propose toamend?
Mr. BAYLY. The one hundred and thirty-
eighth rule.
The rule was read by the Clerk, as follows:
"Tt shall be in order for the Committee on Enrolled Bills
to report at any time."
The rule having been read—
Mr. PRESTON KING was understood to sug-
gest that an amendment to the rule was unneces-
sary, as the House would give its consent to re-
ports being made from these committees at any-
time.
Mr. BAYLY. It is an amendment which the
committee propose a3 a permanent amendment, and
it ought to be made.
Mr. PRESTON KING made a remark not
heard.
The SPEAKER. The Chair understands the
gentleman from Virginia [Mr. Bayly] as moving,
as a permanent amendment to the one hundred
and thirty-eighth rule, to insert after the words,
"Committeeon Enrolled Bills,"the words," Com-
mittee of Ways and Means and Committees of
Conference."
Mr. BAYLY. That is my motion.
Mr. BURT. I ask that the amendment may
be reduced to writing. I have no objection that
the Committee of Ways and Means shall have
leave to report appropriation bills at any time,
and that Committees of Conference shall also
be allowed to make their reports at any time; but
I cannot consent that the Committee of Ways
and Means shall have power, to the exclusion of
all other committees, to report at any time any
matter except appropriation bills.
The SPEAKER again explained the amend-
ment, and inquired, " Is there objection?"
Mr. McLANE, of Maryland, objected.
Mr. BAYLY. I move that the rules be sus-
pended, to enable me to introduce the resolution.
Mr. JONES. I ask the gentleman from Vir-
ginia [Mr. Bayly] so to modify his resolution as
to authorize the Committee of Ways and Means
to report appropriation bills at any time.
Mr. BAYLY. I have no objection so to modify
the resolution.
Mr. JONES. I suppose, then, that there will
be no objection to its adoption.
Objection being still made—
The question, " Shall the rules be suspended?"
was taken, and the affirmative vote stood—ayes 95.
The SPEAKER. Evidently, two-thirds in the
affirmative.
Mr. MILLIjjp. called for tellers, who were re-
fused.
Mr. VENABLE, (to the Speaker.) Did a
quorum vote?
The SPEAKER. On the motion to suspend
the rules, the Chair did not count the negatives.
There were ninty-five in the affirmative, and it
was evident that there was more than a sufficient
number rising in the negative to make a quorum.
So the resolution was received.
And the question being on its adoption—
Mr. JONES moved to amend it by adding the
words, " for the remainder of the present ses-
sion."
Mr. BAYLY. I call the previous question.
Mr. JONES submitted to the Speaker that he
was entitled to the floor, and that the gentleman
from Virginia [Mr. Bayly] could not, therefore,
move the previous question.
The SPEAKER. The gentleman from Ten-
nessee [Mr. Jones] had been recognized, and is
entitled to the floor.
Mr. JONES. I move the amendment, and I
call the previous question.
Mr. BAYLY. I hope t,he amendment will not
be agreed to.
There was a second to the demand for the pre-
vious question, and the main question was ordered,
and, having been taken, the amendment of Mr.
Jones was agreed to.
And the amendment of Mr. Bayly, as thus
amended, was agreed to.
THE FORTIFICA*IOJNT BILL.
Mr. ASHMUN. There is upon the Speaker's
table, on its third reading, a bill making appropri-
ations for certain fortifications. It has been lying
there for some time, and with a view to enable the
Senate to act upon it, I move that that bill be now
taken up. If objection be made, I shall move a
suspension of the rules.
Objections were made.
Mr. ASHMUN. I move that the rules be sus-
pended.
The question was taken, and two thirds not
voting in the affirmative, the rules were not sus-
pended.
Mr. DANIEL. I move that the House resolve
itself into Committee of the Whole on the private
calendar.
Mr. BURT. I give notice that if that motion
should not prevail, I shall move that the House
resolve itself into Committee of the Whole on the
state of the Union.
The SPEAKER. The Chair will state to the
gentleman from South Carolina, [Mr. Burt,] that
the motion to go into Committee of the Whole on
the state of the Union would have precedence over
the motion to go into Committee of the Whole,
because there is a special order pending in Com-
mittee of the Whole on the state of the Union.
Mr. BURT. Then, I move that the House re-
solve itself into Committee of the Whole on the
state of the Union.
NAVAL RETIRED LIST.
Mr. SCHENCK. I should feel obliged to the
gentleman from South Carolina [Mr. Bcrt] if he
would waive his motion for a few moments, to
enable me to move that the bill to create a retired
list in the navy be made the special order for some
early dav in the next session.
Mr. BURT, referring to the number of import-
ant bills yet to be acted upon, declined to with-
draw the motion.
NAVAL APPROPRIATION BILL.
The question then recurred, and was taken, on
the motion of Mr. Burt; and by ayes 73, noes 47,
it was agreed to.
So the House resolved itself into Committee of
the Whole on the state of the Union, (Mr. Disney
in the chair,) and resumed the consideration of
the bill making appropriations for the support of
the naval service of the United States for the fis-
cal year ending 30th June, 1851.
The state of the question was this:
Mr Stanton, of Tennessee, had moved the
following amendment:
" And the Secretary of the Navy is hereby directed to
I purchase the right to use, and cause to be applied to all the
steamers belonging to the United States, and hereafter to be
built, Joseph P. Pirsson's patent condenser for supplying
the boilers of marine engines with fresh water ; and to pay
to the owner or owners thereof, out of the appropriations
for the navy, a sum equal to one half of the actual saving
caused by the said patent condenser in the expense of keep-
ing the war steamers now belonging to the United States,
and which may hereafter be constructed during the lifetime
of said patent, in active service five years, and in the pres-
ervation of their machinery. The value of the saving effect-
ed by the-use of said patent condenser to be ascertained by
a board of three competent engineers, one of whom shall be
selected by the Secretary of the Navy, one by the owner or
owners of said patent condenser, and one by the two thus
appointed. The said hoard to be appointed as soon as pos-
sible after the passage of this act."
Mr. Bokee had moved the following substi-
tute amendment to the amendment:
"And the Secretary of the Navy is hereby authorized and
diroctf'd to appoint a board of engineers, competent to in-
vestigate and decide upon the merits of the several steam
condensers proposed for the adoption of Government for
u«e on board of the steamers under the control of the Navy
Department; and the said Secretary is hereby authorized to
adopt the one recommended to him by said board of engi-
neers."
And the question was on agreeing to the amend-
ment to the amendment.
Mr. STANTON, of Tennessee. I propose to
amend my original motion in a manner which, I
understand, will make it satisfactory to the gentle-
man from New York, [Mr. Bokee.] I presume
it will be in order for me to do so ?
The CHAIRMAN said it would not be in order
pending: the amendment of the gentleman from
New York, [Mr. Bokee.]
Mr. STANTON inquired whether it was not in
order to perfect the original amendment before
taking a vote on the amendment of the gentleman
from New York?
Mr. WHITE. - The amendment of the gentle-
man from New Yoik is a substitute.
Mr. STANTON. Can I not withdraw my
amendment and add a proviso ?
The CHAIRMAN ruled that the gentleman
could only do so by unanimous consent.
Mr. STANTON. Then I will merely say that
my amendment, as I desire to modify it, will be
satisfactory to the gentleman from New York,
[Mr. Bokee,] and I hope, therefore, that his will
be voted down.
The CHAIRMAN. If there is no objection,
the modification wilt be received.
Mr. HALL. I call for'the reading of it.
The proposed modification was read, as follows:
"And the Secretary of the Navy is hereby directed to
purchase the right to use, and cause to be applied to a)J the
«teamers belonging to the United States, and hereafter to be
built, Joseph P. Pir>son's patent condenser for supplying the
boilers of marine engines with fresh water; and to pay to
the owner or owners thereof, out of this appropriation, a
sum equal to one half of the actual saving canned by the said
patent condenser in the expense of keeping the war eteam-
prs now hflonging to the United States, and which may
hereafter be constructed during the lifetime of said patent,
in active service for five years, and m the preservation of
their machinery. The value of the saving f-flvch-d by the
u«:p of said patent condenser to be a-certained by a board
of three competent engineers, one of whom shall be selected
by the Secretary of the Navy, one by tbe owners of said
patent, and one bv the two thus appointed : Provided, That
said b' aid shall fir^t decide that said Pirsson's condenser is
preferable to any other invention of the same kmd; and
said board to be appointed as soon as possible after the pass-
age of this act."
Mr. HALL. I object.
The CHAIRMAN. There being objection, it
is not in order for the gentleman to offer his mod-
ification.
The question was then stated to be on the amend-
ment of Mr. Bokee.
Tellers were ordered, and Messrs. Fowler, and
Jackson of Geo s^ia, were appointed.
Mr. CALVIN called for the reading of the
amendment to the amendment, and it was again
read.
The question was then taken.
The vote was not heard, but the Chairman
stated that no quorum had voted.
The CHAIRMAN directed the roll to be called.
Mr. BURT said that the call of the roll would
consume considerable time; and he suggested that,
by genera! consent, a recount should be taken.
Let all the time be saved that tt>uld be saved.
Mr. MORRIS objected to the recount, but with-
drew the objection.
Mr. SCH'ENCK renewed it.
The roil was then callcd.
The committee then rose and reported the names
of the absentees of the House to be entered upon
the Journal.
A quorum having appeared,
