1850.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
that I did not think it would be proper to receive
them. On the next meeting of the Printing Com-
mittee I presented the subject for consideration,
and the committee agreed with me that the work
Was not properly done; that it was not done in
compliance with the terms of the contract, and
• that it was of such an inferior quality that our
duty to the Senate required that it'should he re-
jected. Consequently I addressed a letter to the
contractor, stating that this work, both in the
quality of the paper and the binding;, was so far
below the standard agreed upon, and which was
presented by the printers and binders themselves,
that we could not receive them. And we directed
the officers of the Senate whose business it is to
receive the documents, to reject all that did not
come up to the standard. There the matter rests,
and we are unable to do anything more until the
Senate shall act upon the resolution reported by
the committee.
THE CASE OF WILLIAM DARBY.
Mr. DOWNS. In the early part of the session
a private bill, in which considerable interest was
felt, for the relief of William Darby, was made the
special order of a day long past. As I understand
the rule announced by the Chair, where a special
order has been assigned and the day passed, it has
precedence of special orders subsequentlyassigned.
If it is in order, therefore, I now move that the
bill be taken up. Its consideration will occupy
but a little time.
Mr. FOOTE. I perfectly concur in what fell
frora the Senator from Michigan, in reference to
the importance attending this business of the pub-
lic printing, but I must say that 1 think the bill
referred to by the Senator from Louisiana [Mr.
Downs] may well form an exception to any gen-
eral rule that might be laid down on this subject.
Mr. Darby is well known to the members of the
Senate by reputation, as an aged and venerable
man—one who has been extremely useful in.his
day and generation. I speak of the distinguished
author of the Gazetteer—a gentleman to whom the
southwestern country is more indebted than to
any other living man, in my judgment, with some
two or three exceptions only. He is a man of
great moral worth, of great intellect, and has
rendered great public services, all of which can be
made manifest when the bill shall be under con-
sideration. He is now old and almost utterly
penniless; his claim is an equitable one, and the
bill proposes but to render an act of simple justice
and plain duty towards one of the most worthy
individuals in the world. Under such circum.-
stances, I shall vote to make this bill an exception
to the rule laid down by the Senator from Michi-
gan, although i will riot so act with reference to
any other whatever.
Mr. DOWNS. Its consideration will take but
a little time.
Mr. CASS. I wish to remark that, unless we
strictly adhere to the calendar, we shall lose on
every occasion more time in discussing these
points than in discussing the bills themselves.
The Senate agreed to take up the bill; and it
was then read* and considered as in Committee of
the Whole.
Mr. DOWNS. This subject was referred to a
select committee at the last session of Congress, to
examine and make a report thereon. This claim
is based on the services rendered to the nation by
Mr. Darby many years ago, in the early survey and
examination of the boundaries of Louisiana soon
after it was acquired, and the preparation of mate-
rials for a map thereof, which has been very useful
to the nation, and for which Mr. Darby has never
been remunerated. A member near me suggests
that it is an old claim. That is true; but the delay
was not because it was not a just claim, but because
the gentleman who has rendered these important
services to th£ country'has not found it so necessary
heretofore to apply to Congress as now. Mr. Darby
has rendered important services to the country.
He has done more perhaps to develop the geogra-
phy and resources of the West and Southwest
than any other man. He has added much also to
American literature, in the preparation of his geo-
graphical and statistical works. He has been for
years, and is at this day, referred to as the highest
authority, when accurate information on points
connected with the statistics and geography of the
Southwest is required. During this very session
references have been made by various membeis to
the results of his labors and research, and it has
been used by them gratuitously to their advantage.
He ought long since to have been better rewarded,
fie now fit:Us himself, in his extreme old age,
very poor, occupying the third story of some
Government building, in the discharge of the du-
ties of some petty office, for which he receives the
little pittance of $1,000 ayear. He is now seventy-
six years of age. Had he lived in other countries,
where genius and great services to the country
are rewarded with pensions, he would have'been
highly rewarded. We cannot give him anything
of this kind under our Government, nor does he
ask it. He has forborne to ask anything hereto-
fore, but now, in his old age, and when he sees that
we have rewarded others, and very propeily, for
services not greater than those which he has ren-
dered to the country, he thinks it but reasonable
and just that some compensation should be made
to him. The committee appointed to examine the
subject think so also, as they have expressed in the
report they have made. I was not on the commit-
tee when the report was made, nor is the matter one
in which I have any personal interest as appertain-
ing to a citizen of my Scate,for he has not for years,
I believe, been a resident there. This is therefore
not a claim of a local, but of a national chara3ter.
Mr. Darby's reputation is connected with the en-
tire country. The committee think we might with
justice award him not only the sum proposed, but
a much largerone; they do not pretend to say how
much is due, but in order to prevent any question
they put it down at the low amount of $1,500,
whereas really I think, if full justice was done
him, it should not be less than $10,000. If any
fui ther explanation is required, I must request the
Senator from Ohio, [Mr. Corwik*,] who was
chairman of the committee, to make it. It is for
peculiar reasons desirable to Mr. Darby to have a
decision of this question now. He wishes to know
whether he is ever to receive this small pittance,
and to make his arrangements accordingly. I do
hope the Senate will decide upon the matter at
once. Among the papers in his favor are the
statements of General Jackson, General Gaines,
Mr. Tanner, and others, setting forth the extent
and value of Mr. Darby's services, to which Sen-
ators can refer if necessary.
Mr. TURNEY. I ask for the reading of the
report of the select committee.
The report was read by the Secretary.
Mr. TURNEY. I now ask for the reading of
the petitioner's memorial, if it be not too long.
The memorial was read by the Secretary.
Mr. WH1TCOMB. I should like to under-
stand distinctly whether the petitioner was em-
ployed to do this work by the Government.
Mr. DOWNS. The facts of the case are these:
Mr. Darby was, I think, at the time, certainly soon
after, a deputy surveyor of the-Umted States, but
these services were not performed as a part of his
duly as surveyor. He performed his duties as
surveyor and received a compensation therefor,
but of his own accord he performed other duties,
and prepared the materials for a map since used
by the Government, for which no remuneration
has been made him.
Mr. FOOTE. I do not intend to occupy the
time of the Senate by the further discussion of this
subject. As I have already stated, I have looked
into this matter for myself, and I am perfectly
satisfied that this individual has an equitable claim
at least to the amount proposed to be given him
in this bill. The committee have reported the
bill, and the Senator from Louisiana has made an
explanation of its provisions, and thus it is ren-
dered wholly unnecessary that 1 should say any-
thing further. I will only add that, under the
peculiar circumstances in favor of an individual of
such extraordinary merit as Mr. Darby, a man so
venerable in years, so esteemed for his moral
qualities, and the high public services he has ren-
dered, it would be impossible for me to take any
other than an active and zealous part in having this
bill taken up, and to insure the favorable action
of the Senate upon it.
Mr. TURNEY. There is an insuperable defect
in this bill, and Mr. Darby has not the shadow of
a claim on the Government, either legal or equi-
table. He was a deputy surveyor years ago, and
availed himself of his then official position to col-
lect materials for a map, which he carried to Phil-
adelphia and disposed of to individuals there, who
prepared a map theiefrom. Subsequently the Gov-
ernment availed itself of the benefit of this map,
which I presume it purchased and paid for. - ftfows,
Mr. Darby, having disposed of the materials from
which this map was prepared, doubtlesfe having
received a consideration for it—whether h«>diti-or
not, however, is not a matter for the-consideration
of this Government—comes to the Government,
and on some pretext, it may be that he m&de a-bad,
bargain, claims compensation for this labor. ' T&e
plea is not that he has rendered any-services to tbe
Government for which he has not'been-compen-
sated, or that the Government purchased a map of
him for which he has not been paid. He collected
these materials and disposed of them in some way,
so that they fell into the hands of those gentlemen
m Philadelphia, who made a map from them,
which the Government afterwards found it conve-
nient to use. This does not present the shadow
of a claim, legal or equitable, in favor of Mr. Dar-
by on the Government. L know nothing of what
merits he may have, and therefore I shall not at-
tempt to detract from them, but I hold that we are
not to vote money to individuals on account of
their literary attainments or of their nationality
merely. If so, there will be a sufficient number
of claims of that character presented to empty ibe
Treasury. I hold that he has no claim, legal >.or
equitable, on the Government. Looking ai fcbe
facts in this case according to the views I forfe
offered, they present not the shadow of a claim,
legal or equitable, in my judgment.
Mr. CORW1N. This application was referred
to a select committee, of which I happened to be
chairman at the time; and the report from it, just
read, was prepared by myself. Now, I agree with
the Senator who has just taken his seat that there
is no legal claim presented here; but 1 cannot agree
with him that there is not an equitable claim, and
just such an equitable claim,! imagine,.as has
been repeatedly recognized by both branches of
Congress. The map mentioned, and upon which
the memorial ami claim ar£ based, was made upon
the individual researches and labors of the me-
morialist, at a ve^ early period of time,and before,
I believe, the cession of Louisiana was ascertained;
and it has since been, in every treaty which the
Government has chosen to make respecting our
boundary in that quarter, the basis upon which
that treaty has proceeded. Now, does itappear to
the Senate that any other person has done the same
thing? Does it appear to the Senate that these
labors of Mr. Darby have been of real value to the
Government and people of the United States, and
that no oiher person's labor has furnished-those
materials which this Governmenthasavailed itself
of, from time to time, in settling those questions,
that have been often the subject ofdiseussion,*and
of very deep interest, concerning our boundaries,
arising out the treaty of the cession of Louisiana ?
In these matters, as every one is aware, that has
been the map upon which every treaty has been
regulated. The materials for it were -furnished
at his own expense, and by labors which very few
are willing to encounter. It is true, the mainob-
ject of them was the gratification of his own curi-
osity, if you please, for every one who knows
anything of the history of this man, knows that
he has been all his life engaged in these mat-
ters, and that he is a gentleman of uncommon en-
dowments. Of these qualities and labors of the
man the Government of the United States have
availed themselves in the way to which reference
has been made. Suppose that Mr. Darby, instead
of ascertaining thebound&riesof the territory in that
quarter,.and furnishing tins information, had gone
with a company of men, one of those celebrated
pioneer expeditions of which we have heard, and
driven off the Indians, elevated the American flag,
and established the American power on his own
responsibility and at his own expense, in a country
which at last should come into the possession of
the United States. Then, if Mr. Darby presented
a memorial, showing at what great expense he had
marched through the country, and established the
flag of the United States where it had not before
been known, and carried the American eagle into
lands where it had never soared before, and killed
several Indians, perhaps, all of which the Govern-
ment had availed itself of, how many sections of
land would you give him? How many seciions
of land have you given for such services? How
many propositions now He on your table of such a
character ? Now, the country derives benefit from
all this* The one is the achievement of gunpowder
