806
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
April 24,
and. the other of science for your benefit, and not
merely for your benefit, but for the benefi of dl
men Now, by these facts which he has collected,
and by these labors of which you have availed
vourself, you have been benefited, and yet you
have never paid Mr. Darby for them. What is
equity, I beg to know, as contradistinguished from
legal obligations ? Here is work and labor done
of which you have had the benefit, and there
(pointing to the bill) is the bill of particulars, sir,
and why not give him compensation therefor ?
Mr. DAWSON. We will pass it.
Mr. CORW1N. Very well, then. I have noth-
ing more to say.
Mr. DOWNS. I wish to correct a mistaice into
which the Senator from Tennessee [Mr. Turkey]
has fallen, when he stated that Mr. Darby had
sold the result of his labors, and been paid for
them.. The Senator is mistaken. He stated that
he did not sell them, but that they were extorted
from him—that the publisher of the map got pos-
session of them without remunerating him there-
for. The affidavit of Mr. Darby fully sets forth
these facts. By some management—I know not
what, for the particulars are not given—the pub-
lishers got hold of these materials, and issued their
map, and thus prevented the sale of one which
Mr. Darby had himself published.
Mr. TURNEY. The Senator from Ohio [Mr.
Corwm] says that this is a claim for work and
labor done. If so, it would seem that the action
should have been brought, not against the Govern-
ment, but against the individual who received the
benefit of that work and labor—the compiler of
the map. It was he who received the benefit of
the work and labor, and the action, therefore,
should not proceed against the Government, any
more than it should against any individual who
might subsequently have purchased a map and
derived some benefit from its use. 1 think, there-
fore, the party ought* to be nonsuited, as having
presented no claim. It is said by the memorialist,
that he did not perform this work and labor for
the Government, and that it did not receive the
benefit of it, but that some individual wrested it
from him by extortion. Therefore, his right of
action lies against that individual. If he had
legal claim, he would have a legal remedy against
that individual. Why did he not resort to that
remedy at the time when, if he had any legal
rights, he could have enforced them? He does
not do it; but a number of years afterward
he comes forward and claims redress—not of
the individual who did him the wrong—but of
the Government. Tins I cannot assent to. As
for his services to the country, I doubt not he was
paid, and very highly, too, for all the surveys he
made in his official capacity; but, if he was not,
let him present the bill, and I will vote to pay that,
or any other legal and just claim which he may
have against the Government, i have now done
with this subject, and shall content myself with
asking for the yeas and nays on the passage of the
bill.
Mr. FOOTE. The simple fact is, that Mr.
Darby obtained the materials of geographical and
statistical information, which have been supplied
to the Government and the people of the United
States, in the manner described by the Senator
from Louisiana, and the memoiial. Now, I will
not undertake to say that there was any act of' |
larceny committed, but I will avail myself of the I
apology of my friend from Tennessee, and sup- I
pose it to be a case of theft. I will ask .him then, t
if in that case the old adage is not true, that the
receiver of stolen goods is as bad as the thief? I
say furthermore, as a lawyer, that if A steals B's
watch, and G knowingly takes possession of the
watch of B, and applies it to hisown use, he is just
as responsible for the value of the watch as if he was
the original laker.
The Government of the United States, honestly
I doubt not, availed itself of the labors of Mr.
Darby. That fact is undisputed, and the question
now is, whether it is perfectly honest m this Gov-
ernment to refuse to compensate him for the value j
of those services, taken from htm by fraudulent or I
improper means? I do think a more equitable
claim could not well be imagined. i
The yeas and nays were ordered. ;
The Chair stated the question to be on ordering j
the bill to a third reading. = i
Mr. UNDERWOOD. Aa the yeas and nays j
ait called, and intending to vote "No," I just r
want to assign one reason for that vote, and take j
my seat. According to the argument made by j
my friend on the left, [Mr. Corwin,] and the gen- j
tleman from Mississippi, we are to pay an equita- ,
ble consideration for information which has been j
derived from others. Now, sir, I have received
so much information in my lifetime from others,
that I am afraid that if the appeal of my friend is
to have effect, and the principle which he appears
to advocate is to become a rule, I should have
been a bankrupt years ago. 1 must confess that
I cannot consent to pay money in this way, or to
allow the nisi pr'ms cases suggested by my friend
to be a precedent in such a case.
The yeas and nays were then taken, and there
were—
TEAS—Messrs. Atchison, Badger, Bell, Cooper, Cor\vin
Dawson, Dajtoiij Douglas, Downs, Poote,Greene Houston
Jones. Mangura, Miller, Morton, Pearce, Sebastian, Shields
Sturgeon, Wales, and Walker—22.
NAYS—Messrs Borland, Bradbury, Bright, Butler, Chase,
Dodge of Iowa, Felch, Hamlin, Hunter, King, Norris, Rusk,
Seward, Turney, Underwood, and Whiteomb—16.
So the bill was ordered to be engrossed for a
third reading, and was subsequently read a third
time and passed.
REMOVALS PROM OFFICE.
Mr. BRADBURY. I move that the Senate do
now take up the calendar and proceed to the con-
sideration of the subjects therein in their order.
The motion was agreed to.
Mr. BRADBURY. I believe that a resolution
which I presented some time ago is first in order.
Since that resolution was offered, I find that
some change in the phraseology is necessary. I
therefore move that the word "last," after the
word "March," be stiuck out, and " 1849" in-
seited in lieu thereof.
The modification was agreed to.
Mr. BADGER. Let the resolution be read as
modified.
The resolution was then read, as follows:
Resolved, Tbnt the I'reHilent be requested to cause to be
laid before the Semite a[J charges which have been preferred
or nleti in any ol the departments against individuals who
have been leinoved from otiice since ihe 4th day of iVbtn-h,
18411, with a specification ol tire ca^e.-, if any, in which the
ofriceis charged have had opportunity to be heaid, and a
statement of the number of removal* made under each de-
partment, including subordinates in the custom llou=es and
other blanches of the public service.
Mr. BADGER. I would ask whether there
was not some understanding entered into with the
Senator from Connecticut, who is now absent, in
reference to the further discussion of this motion?
Mr. BRADBURY. In answer to the Senator
from Noith Carolina, I will inform him that 1 dis-
tinctly told the Senator from Connecticut that I
should call up this resolution on some day during
the present week.
Mr. BADGER. Will the Senator allow me to
ask him whether he proposes to take a vote upon
the resolution ?
Mr. BRADBURY. I propose that a vote
should be taken either to-day or to-morrow morn-
ing.
Several Senators. To-morrow, to-morrow.
Mr. BRADBURY, i think it is time that this
resolution should be disposed of by the Senate,
and I desire that it may be acted upon.
Mr. BADGER and several other Senatoks.
To-morrow, to-morrow.
Mr. BRADBURY then proceeded to address
the Senate in reply to the remarks delivered some
time since by the Senator from Connecucut, [Mr.
Smith,] and in support of" his resolution. In the
course of his speech, which occupied upwards of
two hours, he produced much documentary evi-
dence to sustain his statement that lemovals have
been very extensively made throughout the Union,
in violauon of the pledges with which the present
Administration came into power.
Mr. BELL and Mr. BRIGHT continued the
debate until ^iastfive o'clock, [Air. B.'sspeech and
this debate will be published in the Appendix.]
when, on motion of Mr. KING, without taking
the question,
The Senate adjourned.
HOUSE OP REPRESENTATIVES.
Wednesday Jlpril 24, 1S50.
The Journal of yesterday was read.
ODD FELLOWS.
Mr. JONES said that he rose for the purpose
of moving a correction. He discovered, from the
reading of the Journal, that the bill which had yes-
terday been reported by the chairman of the Com-
mittee on the District of Columbia, [Mr. Brown,]
to incorporate the Grand Lodge of the Independent
order of Odd Fello.ws in the District of Colum-
bia, had been referred to the Committee of the
Whole House, and made the order of the, day for
to-morrow. He (Mr. J.) desired to inquire of the
Speaker, whether the motion, as decided by the
House, was not a motion that the bill be referred
to the Committee of the Whole on the state of
the Union?
The SPEAKER. According to the recollec-
tion of the Chair, the motion as put to the House
was the motion as it appears on the Journal—that
the bill be referred to the Committee of the Whole
House, made the order of the day for to-morrow,
and be pi in ted.
Mr. JONES. I am aware that the other bill
reported from the same committee, ,to incorporate
the German Roman Catholic St. Joseph Benevo-
lent Society, was disposed of in the way stated by
the Speaker; but my impression is, that the first
bill named, was referred in the manner indi-
cated by my interrogatory. I am satisfied that it
was so understood at the Clerk's table, because
the Journal was written in that way. How it has
been altered, 1 do not know.
The SPEAKER. At the time the gentleman
from Mississippi [Mr. Brown] reported the bill,
he made a motion that it be referred to the Com-
mittee of the Whole House. The motion was
understood by the Chair as it now appears on the
Journal, and the bill was referred to the Commit-
tee of the Whole House. The motion was un-
derstood at the Clerk's desk to be a motion to refer
to the Committee of the Whole on the state of the
Union, and the Speaker inquired of the gentleman
from Mississippi, [Mr. Brown,] who reported the
bill, whether the motion, as understood by the
Chair, was correct. The gentleman from Missis-
sippi stated that the understanding of the Chair
was correct, and that the motion was to refer the
bill to the Committee of the Whole, and the Jour-
nal was made up accordingly.
Mr. BROWN, of Mississippi, said that the
motion submitted by him was the motion indi-
cated by the Chair.
Mr. JONES. I do not recollect particularly
how the motion was made, but my general recol-
lection is, that the motion put, was to. refer the
bill to the Committee of the Whole on the state
j of the Union.
DEPARTMENT OF THE INTERIOR.
Mr. EVANS rose and asked the House to ex-
cuse him from serving on the select committee,
appointed upon motion of the gentleman fiom
Illinois, [Mr. Richardson,] to investigate ceitain
charges against the Secretary of the Interior,
i Mr. E. did not ask this favor (he said) from
j any desire to escape the labor or responsibility of
| this investigation, but because his attendance upon
' the committee might, and probably would, subject
! him to great private and peisonal inconvenience;
i and as it was the first indulgence Jie had asked of
I the House, he trusted his icquest would be
1 granted.
! The question was put to the House, and Mr.
Evans was excused.
| And on motion by Mr. VINTON, the vacancy
i on the committee was ordered to be supplied.
| ODD FELLOWS.
| Mr. JONES rose, he said, to a privileged ques-
'■ tion. He moved a reconsideration of the vote by
' which the bill to incorporate the Gland Lodije of
the Independent Order of Odd Fellows had been
referred to the Committee of the Whole House,
in order, if that motion should pievail, to move
that the bill be referred to the Committee of the
Whole on the state of the Uimifi. The latter,
he submitted, was the appropriate reference. It
was a scneral and not a private lull. It involved,
he submitted, a general principle concerning the
action of this Government.
The SPEAKER stated the question.
Mr. OLDS said: I trust, Mr. Spfttkrr, that the
motion of the gentleman from Tennessee may not
prevail. 1 think I know enough of the proceed-
ings of this House to know that when h hill of
this character is referred to the Committee <?f the
Whole on the Mate of the Union, its funeral service
has been performed. And the gentleman from
Tennessee having avowed his opposition to the
