808
.y
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
April 24,
tber consideration of the petition of David Weir,
of McMini} county, Tennessee, asking for a grant
of land on the ground that his wife had had three
children at a birth; and it was referred to the Com-
mittee on Manufactures.
. Mr. SAWTELLE, from the Committee on
Revolutionary Claims, made an adverse report on
the petition of Peter Dygert's heirs, asking pay-
ment for.revolutionary services which was settled
in continental money, of no value; which was
ordered to lie or> the table and he printed.
On motion by Mr. SAWTELLE, the Commit-
tee on Revolutionary Claims was discharged from
the further consideration of the petition of Wil-
liam Tee, of Portsmouth, Virginia, for a pension;
and it was referred to the Committee on Invalid
Pensions.
Mr. RtTMSEY, from the Committee on Private
Land Claims, tn^ide an adverse report on the peti-
tion of Joseph Reynes, of New Orleans, Louisi-
ana; which was ordered to lie on table and be
printed.
Mr. JOHNSON, of Arkansas, from the Com-
mittee on Indian Affairs, made adverse reports in
the following cases; which were ordered to he on
the table, viz:
The memorial of the citizens of the parish of
Rapides, Louisiana, praying Congress to take the
necessary steps to have the Indians removed; and
The memorial of the Chippewa and Creek In-
dians, praying for the means of removal west.
MIAMI INDIANS.
Mr. JOHNSON, of Arkansas, from the same
committee, reported back without amendment,
and with a recommendation that it do pass, the
joint resolution for the benefit of Frances Slocum
and her children and grandchildren, of the Miami
tribe of Indians, approved March 3d, 1845, and
certain other individuals of the same tribe.
The bill having been read by the title—
Mr. JOHNSON said, that as it contained no
appropriation, and merely authorized the payment
of money at a particular place, lie would ask that
the bill be put upon its passage.
Before the question was taken, however, he
■would send to the Clerk's table to be read the act
which the present bill proposed to extend.
The act was read, and no amendment having
been offered, the bill was read a third time and
passed.
Mr. CROWELL, from the Committee on In-
dian Affairs, reported a bill for the relief Al-lo-lali
and his legal representatives and their grantees;
which was read a first and second time by its title,
referred to the Committee of the Whole House,
and, with the report accompanying, ordered to lie
printed.
On motion by Mr. CROWELL, the Committee
on Indian Affairs was discharged from the further
consideration of the petition of Joel Ciutentlen;
and leave was granted to the petitioner to with-
draw his petition and papeis for presentation to
the Indian Bureau.
WINNEBAGO INDIANS.
Mr. McLANAHAN, from the Committee on
Indian Affairs, reported back without amendment,
and with a recommendation that it do pass, the
joint resolution for the payment of §1'2,0U0 to the
"Winnebago Indians.
The title of the bill having been read,
Mr. McL. asked that the bill might now be put
upon its third reading.
Mr. BAYLY suggested , as a point of order to
the Chair, that the bill contained an appropria-
tion, and must, therefore, under the rule, be re-
ferred to the Committee of the Whole on the state
of the Union.
The SPEAKER said that the resolution would
be read, in oider that the Chair might decide
whether it made an appropriation or not.
The bilfh aving been read through—
The SPEAKER said that it icquired commit-
ment, unless the unanimous consent of the House
should be given to its being put upon its passage
at this time.
Mr. McLANAHAN asked the unanimous con-
sent of the House to put the bill upon its passage
at this time.
Mr. BAYLY objected.
Mr. McLANAHAN moved that the bill be
committed to the Committee of the Whole on the j
stale of the Onion.
Ordered accordingly.
Mr. HOWARD, from the Committee on In jian J
Affairs, reported the following resolution; which j
was read and adopted, viz: i
Resolved, That the Committee on Military Affairs be in-
structed to inquire into the expediency of a turilier increase
of the army by raising another regiment of cavalry,to carry •
out tUe treaty stipulations with Mexico, and for the piotce- j
Uon of the western frontier. j
BOUNTY LAND. j
Mr. EWING, from the Committee on Military ■
Affairs, reported a resolution to give such a con- «
struetion to the acts of 1847 and 1849, giving :
bounty lands arid extra pay to the soldiers in the :
Mexican war, as will enable all those who have
not been discharged for delinquency of duty to
receive such bounty land and extra pay, which i
was read a first time by its title. j
Mr. E. said, the object of this resolution is to i
give such a construction to previous act3 of Con- j
gress as will enable the soldiers in the late war j
with Mexico, who were honorably discharged, to !
obtain bounty land and extra pay, although not
discharged on account of wounds received in battle
or sickness incurred in the line of their duty.
There are many cases of extreme hardship
brought before us of this character, which call
loudly for relief. Persons who volunteered in the
service, or enlisted m the new regiments, and after
enduring all the hardships of a campaign and dan-
gers of its battles, were called home by overwhelm-
ing misfortune, and have lost most of the pecuniary
fruits of their service, thus accumulating one dis-
aster upon another. This is unjust to the generous
soldiery who left their homes for the public weal,
and it might prove unfortunate to the interest of
the military service on some future occasion. We
ought never to forget in our grants to these soldiers,
that we are burdened with no great standing
army during peace, and that in war we are exclu-
sively dependent upon the military spirit of the
people for the defence of our country. The
grants of land and extra pay given at intervals of
thirty or forty years for the dangers and fatigues
of military duty are but a feeble tax on our Gov-
ernment, and constitute a considerable incitement
to enlistment in our armies.
There is one petition on this subject from three
old men in Kentucky, that is fully illustuuive of
the justice of this resolution. They were ah
above the age for enlistment; but, cairied away
by their enthusiasm for their country, and anxious
to rouse the young men of their neighborhood,
they nobly waived all objections on account of age,
and, after volunteering in the service, marched
away to Mexico, and cheerfully endured the fa-
tigues and dangers of the march. When it was
i ascertained that peace-was concluded with Mexico,
I and that there was no further prospect of war, the
| hearts of these old men yearned for their firesides
; and families, and they were speedily and honor-
j ably discharged by General Butler. These old
i men, notwithstanding all their patriotism arid chiv-
alry, have Jostall legal claim on their Government,
1 and there are nodoubt many similar cases of hard-
, ship. P'or these reasons, sir, I hope this resolu-
i tion will be adopted.
! Mr. E. asked that the joint resolution might be
read through and put upon its passage; and the
. resolution was read accordingly.
Mr. PRESTON KING called for the reading
of the report accompanying the bill.
The SPEAKER said he had not been informed
that any report had been made.
Mr. LITTLEFIELD inquired whether the
resolution was so framed as to apply to the
officers ?
Mr. EWING replied that it was not.
Mr. CASEY inquired if the resolution was in
order at this time?
The SPEAKER replied that it was in order,
having been reported from the Committee on
Military Affairs.
Mr. CASEY said he was in favor of this reso-
lution, but in his opinion it did not go far enough.
It did not reach the objects which ought to be at-
tained m giving a construction to the different acts
granting pensions to soldiers. The joint resolu-
tion of the House No. 10, which had been re- ,
ported by his colleague, [Mr. Fkeedley,] from ]
the Committee on Revolutionary Pensions, ex- '
planatory of the several acts granting pensions and i
bounty lands, was also necessary to be passed to I
give construction to these laws. The acts of j
1847-'8-'9 were all defective, not so much in rela- I
tion to the discharge, as to the proof required rel-
ative to the manner in which the disease had beer*
contracted. He mentioned the case of a paymas-
ter in the army, at first connected with the forces
on the Rio Grande, and afterwards transferred to
General Scott's army in the Valley of Mexico,
who, being reported unfit for duty by the surgeon,
received leave of absence, and on his return to the
States, died on the passage from Veia Cruz to
New Orleans. The Commissioner of Pensions
had decided that he was not entitled to receive a
pension, because he had died from disease of the
heart, and it was inferred from the length of his
service that it was not contracted in the line of his
duty, though it appeared, at the same time, that
the man was hale and hearty when he left home.
There were many cases similar to this, in which
the applications for pensions had been rejected be-
cause of deficiency of proof relative to the manner
in which the disease had been contracted. The-
existing laws required that it should be proved
that the disease was contracted in the line of duty.
It was a most difficult matter to obtain this proofs
the surgeons,. and other officers, and soldiers who'
served in the war having been scattered to the four
quartets of the country. The widows and orphans
of deceased soldiers were unable to procure this
proof, not only from want of knowledge, but fiorr>
want of means to procure the testimony ncccssary
to establish their claims to pensions. It appeared
to him that the resolution ought to be so framed
as to meet these ends^and give construction to the
existing acts, so as to grant pensions upon just
and reasonable evidence. He therefore moved to
amend the resolution by adding the joint resolu-
tion of the House No. 10.
The SPEAKER ruled the amen-dment out of
order, under the rule prohibiting bills or resolu-
tions now pending before the House being offered
as amendments to other propositions.
Mr. VINTON inquired if there was any report
accompanying the*bill ?"
The SPEAKER. The Chair is informed that
no report has been made. *
Mr. THOMPSON, of Pennsylvania, rose (he
said)to a privileged question. The morning hour
having expired, he moved that the House resolve
itself into Committee of the Whole on the state of
the (Jmon on the census bill, which had been made
the special order for to-day.
Mr. VINTON (having the floor) inquired if
the gentleman could take it from him to make this
motion? "
The SPEAKER replied that he was of opinion
that, the census bill being the special order of the-
day, the gentleman from Pennsylvania could rise
to a privileged motion and move to go into Com-
mittee of the Whole on the state of the Union
foi the consideration of that bill.
Mr. BAYLY expressed the hope that the House-
would not go into committee at this time, but that
the call of the committees would be gone through
with.
Mr. CROWELL desired to be Informed by the
Chair, whether it was not in order to move the
reference of the joint resolution to the Committee
of <he Whole on the state of the Union ?
The SPEAKER said, no motion was in order
at this time-
Mr. CROWELL requested the gentleman from
Pennsylvania [Mr. Thompson] to allow him (Mr.
C.) to make the motion.
The SPEAKER. If the gentleman from Penn-
sylvania [Mr. Thompson] should yield the floor,
the gentleman from Ohio, in front of the Chair,
[Mr. Vinton] would be entitled to it.
Mr. THOMPSON. The gentleman from Ohio
[Mr. Vinton] will then be entitled to the floor
when the subject comes up to-morrow.
The SPEAKER. In order that there maybe
no misundei.standing as to the condition in which
the resolution will be left, if the House should
now proceed to the consideration of the spe-
cial order of the day, the Chair will state that
it will not come up a3 the unfinished business of
the morning hour, but will take its place among
the business on the Speaker's table.
Mr. VINTON. To get clear of the difficulty,
I desire to move that the joint resolution be referred
to the Committee of the Whole on the state of the
Union, i hope the gentleman from Pennsylvania
[Mr. Thompson] will yield the floor to enable meto
make the motion.
