1850.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
X
809
Mr. THOMPSON said he would yield the floor
for that motion.
The SPEAKER. The gentleman from Ohio
[Mr. Vinton] is entitled to the floor.
Mr. VljNTON thereupon submitted the motion
to refer to the Committee of the Whole on the state
of the Union. He did not desire, he said, to make
any remarks.
Mr. EWING moved the previous question.
Mr. VINTON requested the Speaker to state
what the main question would be if the previous
question was sustained.
The SPEAKER, said, the effect would be to
bring the House, first, to a vote on the motion to
ref<-r to the Committee of the Whole on ihe state
of the Union, and, if the House rejected that mo-
tion, then it would be brought to a vote upon the
engrossment.
Mr. VINTON said, he hopeduhe engrossment
"Would not he ordered.
Mr. THOMPSON, of Pennsylvania,' now
renewed his motion that the House resolve itself
into Committee of the Whole on the state of the
Union.
The SPEAKER said, that the motion to refer
the resolution had changed its position in respect
to the order of business, and that, if the House
should now go into committee, the resolution
would come up as the unfinished business of the
morning hour.
The question was then taken on the motion of
Mr. Thompson, and was decided in the affirm-
ative.
THE CENSUS.
So the House resolved itself into Committee
of the Whole on the state of the Union, (Mr.
Thompson of Mississippi, in the Chair.)
And the committee proceeded to the considera-
tion of the special order of the day, being the bill
from the Senate, entitled "An act to provide for
the taking of the Seventh Census of the United
States * '
Mr. THOMPSON, of Pennsylvania, said he'
presumed that, as a matter of course, the bill would
first be read through.
The CHAIRMAN directed the Clerk to read
the bill.
Mr. JONES moved that the reading of the bill
through be dispensed with, and that it be read by
sections only*
The CHAIRMAN said unanimous consent
would he required for the adoption of that course.
Mr. JONES said he could see no necessity for
the reading of the bill.
No' objection having been made, the bill was
ordered to be read by sections only.
The first section was read, as follows; [The
brackets indicate the parts of the section which
the Committee on the Judicary of the House pro-
pose to strike out from the Senate bill, and the
italics indicate the amendments which the same j
committee propose to insert:] ' ■
1.—Of the Duties, Liabilities, a.nd Compensation ok
Marshals.
Be it cna/ted by the Senate and House of Representatives
of the United State* of America in Cong-tew assembled, That
the marshals of the teveral di^tnets of the United States,
including the B^triet ot Columbia and the Teuitoues, are
hereby requited respectively to cause fill the inhabitants? to
be enumerated, and to collect all thcotherstatistieal inform- 1
anon within their respective districts in the manner pjo- |
Vided for m this act, and specified in the injunctions which j
shall be given by the Secretarj of the Interior, and in the j
table* ainii-x^d, and to return the same to the *aid Secretary j
mi <>r before the fir.«t dav of November next en*um3, omit- i
una from the enumeration of the inhabitants Indians not ;
taxed: [aNo. the statistics of asueultme when the annual 1
product ot the tann i- - not equal to one hundred and fifty !
dollars; also, the statistics of othei productive industry, [
where the fftmual product of the establishment, exclusive
of domestic manufactures in families, is not equal to five !
bundled dollar**;] also, at the discretion of said Secretary, ;
any part or all the statistics of the Territories except those ,
of population: Provided, however, If ihe time assigned foi
j))4kjnsrthe returns shall prove inadequate for the Territo-
ries *tie ^'<1 Secretary may extend the same: Provided,
further, If theie be any district or territory of the United
States in which there is no marshal of the United States,
the President shall appoint some suitable person to dis-
charge the duties assigned by this act to marshals.
Some conversation followed on a point of order
between Mr. Stephens, of Georgia, and the :
Chair.
Mr. THOMPSON, of Pennsylvania, then took
the floor. He said:
Mr. Chairman: i may be allowed in the outset
to remark, that this bill—a sort of interlude in the
great contest of the day—contains nothing of the
tragic interest that sunounds the question that has
so Ion? claimed the attention of this body, the
dissolution of the Union. It regards the Union as
it is, and 1 trust it will be for ages to come. In
place of regarding it in fragments, weakened and
distracted, its object is to ascertain its strength
and resources, in its unity and beauty.
I hope I will be permitted for a very few mo-
ments to remark on the origin of the practice it
perpetuates, without the imputation of an affecta-
tion of research or learning on the subject.
In the days of ancient Rome, the census was
taken oncemeach fiveyears. The people'werecom-
pelled to attend at a designated place on;a particular
day, and make return to an officer, who was styled
" Censor," in writing, of all their estate, lands,
and inheritances, the quantity and quality, and j
exact location. They also made returns of their j
wives, children, domestics, tenants, and slaves, j
with their ages. The simple enumeration of the j
inhabitants with them, was secondary to the other
interests involved, only to be attained, however,
through the enumeration.
The book in which was entered the enumera-
tion and profession of individuals, was termed
" Liber Census."
The word census, also denoted the worth of an
individual's estate, upon which was founded some
privilege. Thus " Census Senatorius" meant j
the estate of a Senator, which was at first rated
at 800,000 ■sesterces. The amount under Augustus
Ccesar was raised to 1,200,000 sesterces.
Census Equester distinguished the patrimony of a
knight, and was rated at 400,000 sesterces. An
individual was termed a census when worth 100,000
sesterces. The "census," without any other
title, was considered a citizen of the first class, and
so down through other classes, of which the num-
ber increased with the diminution of wealth. Cen-
sus Ecclesia Romana, was the annual contribution
paid by the sovereign princes of Europe to the
See of Rome.
These facts, connected with the origin of the term
"ccnsws,'' show it to have been used, although in
connection with the numbering of the people, yet
as expressive of the idea of the wealth or estates of
the people; and, when strictly applied,as indicating
the wealth of the country.
The first census taken amongst modern nations !
was that of Sweden, by officers depilated as the ;
" talie commission <f Stveden," m 1749. The great
Lintieus formed one of the " commission" which
was the "centre of the machinery" for collecting
the accurate and well-adjusted statistics of human
life, for which the country has long been distin-
guished. The returns were made by the clergy
in obedience to an act of the Diet, once in five j
years. Annual returns were made of births, j
deaths, and marriages; month of death; disease ,
occasioning the same, and the number of the des- j
titut'e. It was not till 1835 that information was I
obtained concerning the agriculture, live stock, as j
also the number ot deaf, dumb, blind, insane and |
idiotic persons. i
In Prussia, the census is taken triennially by j
the local police, and relates particularly to police |
and education. A return is made of the married ;
and single, male and female; also, of all the |
members of religious denominations. These sta- j
tistics are transmitted to a statistical department ;
of the Government, but are not published lor the 1
benefit of the people. It is for the use of the j
Government alone. ,
In Saxony, the inquiries extend to sexes, ages, [
married, and unmarried. ' i
In France, the first enumeration was made in >
1801, and again in 1800, but was discontinued
until«lS2l, since which time they have been made [
every five years. The name of each person is
e;iven, with their title, possession, and occupation,
the precise age, and their domestic condition. 1
The number of houses is also given.
In Belgium, nearly the same course is adopted i
as in France, with this difference: in this country
the place of birth and religious petsuasion, but
not the occupation, is given. The census is decen-
nial. A bulletin is left with each family to be
filled up, and is called for in eight days, aecom- i
panying which, precise instructions to insure ac-
curacy in filling up, are given. _ .
In Sardinia, nearly the same practice exists in |
taking the censits as in Belgium. _ I
In Denmark the age, sex, domestic condition,
occupation, and number of dependents, are given.
In Great Britain, the census contains an enume-
ration of inhabitants, ages, and sex—nuraber of
families, and number engaged in tfadqn designa-
ting the trades—number of paupers and convicts,
with their ages—number of houses inhabited and
number not inhabited.
The first enumeration took place in England and
Scotland in 1801, and in Ireland in 1813, and in
every period of ten years since. In England, ,the
census is taken by the overseers of the poor; in
Scotland, by the schoolmasters; and in Ireland, by
persons appointed by the sessions, with power to
call to their aid the constables and church-war-
dens.
It is hardly necessavy to say that our system
commenced with the adoption of the Constitution,
and the first census was taken in 1790. It was
not confined to a simple enumeration of the inhab-
itants; it gave the names of heads of families, the
number of the different sexes, and the number of
the age of sixteen and upwards, and the number
under the, age of sixteen, and the number of slaves
without designation.
The census of 1800 was somewhat more minute.
The name of the county, parish, township, town,
or city where the families resided, was given;
names of heads of families, designation of the
sexes; the number under ten years of age; the
number of sixteen and under twenty-six years;
and the number of twenty-six and under forty-five,
and of forty-five and upwards.
In 1810 the same kind of census was taken.
In 1520 the enumeration and classification of
ages was the same as in the preceding census.
To this, however, was added " foreigners not nat-
uralized," and "an account of the manufactures,
except household manufactures."
In 1830 the enumeration classified ihe ages
under periods of five years up to twenty yeais,
and then in periods of ten years up to one hun-
dred; the number of deaf, dumb, and blind, with
a classification of their ages up to twenty-five;
also the number of foreigners not naturalized-
In J840 the census consisted of an enumetation,
with a classification of anes, as in 1830, and an
enumeration of the deaf, dumb, blind, insane, and
idiotic, distinguishing those who were a public
charge; also the census of all revolutionary pen-
sioners were taken; also such statistics in relation
to " mines, agriculture, commerce, manufactures,
and schools, as will exhibit a full view of the pur-
suit^, industry, education, and resources of the
country." The inquiries to be put by ihe assistant
marshals under the instructions given for taking
the census under this act, amounted to something
like four hundred. This led to numerous mis-
takes and errors.
The present bill proposes to take the census of
the inhabitants, with their names, ages, occupa-
tions, and pursuits; the slave population, with
their ages and owners' names; the deaf, dumb,
rlmd, insane, pauper or convicts, of the whites;
and the deaf, dumb, blind, insane or idiotic, of the
slave population; the products of agriculture; the
products of industry or manufactures; local statis-
tics, consisting of the aggregate value of real estale
in each township, city, ward, county, or parish;
so of personal estate; also the number of churches,
with their capacity as to size, number of mem-
bers, value of church propeity, and denomination;
number of colleges and schools, their rank or kind;
number of professors, teachers, scholars, and value
of property; number of libraries and of volumes;
number of newspapers, arid periodicals, and cir-
culation; also the statistic of mortality for the year
ending 1st June, 1850, with the name, age, color,
sex, and domestic condition, place of birth, the
month of death, profession, occupation, or trade,
and the cause of the death of the deceased. The
information thus proposed to be gathered, or sta-
tistics taken, will be til a much more consolidated
form than any heretofore taken, occupying but
one hundred and seventeen interrogatories m all,
with six schedules; while that ofl8-10 propounded
in all over four hundred interrogatories, and re-
quired ten schedules, some of which were of enor-
mous size.
The bill, as proposed to be amended by the
Judiciary Committee, alters that of the Senate in
many particulars, the more minute of which will
be best understood as they ^re read, and need not
be alluded to now. You will recollect that the act
of the last session ofCorigress established a Census
Board, and required them to prepare anil print
necessary schedules and blanks for the taking the
