1850.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
IMt
knew it was utterly impossible to inspect coal in
the mines. The value of the coal depended en-
tirely upon its freedom from slate and other impu-
rities, and it required picking. No doubt those
were the' difficulties which the honorable gentle-
man from Ohio suggested; no doubt in many cases
where coal was contracted for by sample, more im-
purities than were anticipated were found in it when
delivered. But nothing could be gained by send-
ing inspectors to the mines.
Mr. WHITE said it was not proposed to in-
spect the coal at the mines, but after it was mmed.
Mr. STRONG intimated that the gentleman
could not be acquainted with mining operations.
Mr. WHITE was understood to say that he had
visited various mines, and was thoroughly ac-
quainted with mining operations.
Mr. STRONG. If my friend has had such op-
portunities for information on this subject, I am
sorry he has not improved them in a better man-
ner.
He proceeded to say that coal was never brought
out and deposited in any quantities at the mouth
of the mines, for the very obvious reason of avoid-
ing the necessityef a double handling of if. The
amendment, then, of the gentleman from Ohio
would not accomplish the object for which it was
designed. Any inspeciton of coal must be at the
depots, canal boats, or vessels, whence and by
which it was transported; and the officers already
appointed under existing laws were adequate for
such inspection. There was no necessity, there-
fore, for authorizing an increase of the number of
appointees and of expenditures.
The question being on agreeing to the amend-
ment of Mr. Schenck—
Mr. SCHENCK called for tellers.
The committee refused to order tellers.
The question was taken, and decided in the neg-
ative.
So the amendment was rejected.
Mr. CHANDLER moved the following amend-
ment:
Provided, That in addition to the usual duties performed
by the inspecting or receiving officers or agent?, at the
points where cual may herealter be delivered under con-
tracts with tho Government for the use of the Navy, the
Secretary of the Navy shall have authority to appoint in-
spectors of coal, not to excecd five m number, to examine
the quality thereof at the mines where produced, or ai the
shipping port nearest the place of production, in order to
determine in each case wluther the quality of such coal is
in conformity with the contract, and proper to be forwarded:
and for meeting the expenses of such inspection a sum not
exceeding one thousand dollars is hereby appropriated.
Mr. RICHARDSON raised the point, that the
amendment was not in order, as it proposed an ap-
propriation which was not authorized by law.
The CHAIRMAN overruled the point of order.
The question being on agreeing to the amend-
ment—
Mr. CHANDLER. It wasthesame proposition
which had been offered by his friend from Ohio,
[Mr. Schenck:,] with the addition that the number
of inspectors of coal should not exceed five. The
cost of these inspectors to the Government would
be trifling, while the advantages would be great.
When coal is contracted for, to be delivered at a
foreign port, and it turns out to be inferior to the
specimen, there is no means of redress, as it is too
late for the contract to be abandoned or annulled.
The object of the amendment is to provide for
the means of inspecting the coal before it leaves
fethe country, so as to protect the Government
■^against disappointment. It may sometimes hap-
.pen that a voyage, say to Cuba, or to any other
port, may be defeated for want of fuel, owing to
the inferiority of the coal furnished. It is to pre-
vent any such failure that he had offered his amend-
ment. Its adoption would be a great convenience
to the Government. It was desirable for all par-
ties that inspectors should be appointed, a3 no coal
company would feel its interests promoted by
supplying a coal inferior to the sample on which
the contract was made. It was the ordinary and
correct course in Government contracts, to provide
inspectors at a moderate salary, on whose report
the contracts are confirmed.
Mr. STRONG, in opposition to the amendment,
said, it was very general in its terms. If the ob-
ject was to secure the delivery of coal in compli-
ance with contract in foreign ports, why not
specify it? We had now a class of officers receiv-
ing very large salaries, employed in the purchase
of'Government stores of various kinds, for the
use of the navy. The inspection of coal might be
performed by these officers if they faithfully dis-
charged their duties; and the inspection should he
at the vessels by which it was exported. He
therefore saw no necessity whatever for the ap-
pointment of new officers to do these duties.
Mr. SCHENQK moved an amendment to the
amendment, by striking therefrom as follows:
" In meeting the expenses of such inspection, a sum not
exceeding $1,000 is hereby appropriated."
Mr. S. said, the object of the amendment
which he had offered was to have the coal ex-
amined before being conveyed to the port where
it was to be delivered. When coal was delivered
at a foreign port under a contract, and found to be
of inferior quality, it was then too late to remedy
the defect. His proposition was, that the quality
of the coal should be ascertained and established
before being shipped. The coal-producers them-
selves not only assented to the piopo&ition, but
they earnestly desired that it should be adopted as
a matter of protection to their own interests as
well as the interests of the Government.
The question being taken on the amendment to
the amendment, it was rejected.
The question recurring on the original amend-
ment, it was taken, and the amendment was not
agreed to.
Mr. WHITE offered the following, to come in
between the 25th and 26th lines:
" FoMbe removal of the wreck of the steam-frigate Mis-
souri, lying in the harbor of Gibraltar, forty thousand dol-
lars, to be paid out of the appropriation for construction,
equipment, and repairs; and the Secretary of the Navy is
heicby authorized and required to contract with Edward K.
Robinson ai|d associates, for the removal of said wreck
upon the plan of Captain George W.Taylor to the Secietary
of the Navv, and by the Secretary of the Navy to the Com-
mittee on Naval Affairs, or such other plan as the Secretary
may deem more advisable, providing 'he consideration lor
the removal of said wreck shall not excecd the sum of eighty
thousand dollars, and ample security being given for the
faithful performance of the contract."
Mr. BROWN, of Indiana, raided the point of
order, that the amendment was not in order, be-
cause it proposed an appropriation to remove an
obstruction in a foreign harbor.
Mr. WHITE remarked that the gentleman was
mistaken in supposing that the amendment pro-
posed to make an appropriation, or at least to add
anything to the amount of appropriations in the
bill. The amount to be,paid was to be taken from
the fund appropriated for the bureau-of construc-
tion, equipment, and repair.
Mr. BROWN. My point of order is, that it is
legislating on a subject that is not necessary to
carry out the practical operations of the navy. It
is not an appropriation for the support of the
navy.
The CHAIRMAN overruled the point of order,
and decided that the amendment was in order.
Mr. WHITE gave a succinct statement of
what had occurred in regard to this wreck. He
said that on the 26th of August, 1846, the steam
frigate Missouri, while lying in the harbor of Gib-
raltar, took fire, and was burned to the water's
edge. The hull sunk, and it had been lying in
that condition from that day to this, notwithstand-
ing repeated movements on the part of this Gov-
ernment for the removal of the wreck, which
formed an obstruction to the navigation in that
harbor. A contract had been made, he said, for
its removal, with a man of the name of Lovett,
who had entirely failed to accomplish the objectof
the contract, and had finally abandoned the under-
taking, leaving the wreck in a worse condition than
it was at first. The Secietary of the Navy, oh the
23d of May last, had submitted to the Committee
on Naval Affairs a report that was made by Mr.
George W. Taylor, who had been employed by
the Government to make an examination or inves-
tigation into the condition of the remaining part
of the vessel, (fee. The report was avery volu-
minous one, describing the position of the wreck,
and giving, at the same time, a statement of
all the difficulties connected with its removal.
Mr. Taylor had suggested a plan which had met
the approval of the Secretary of the Navy, and
which had been by him submitted to the Com-
mittee on Naval Affairs, and that committee had
directed him (Mr. W.) to offer this amend-
ment to the navy appropriation bill, in order to
carry out the design as suggested m the report of
Mr. Taylor. He would send to the Clerk to be
read, the letter from the Secretaiy of the Navy to
the Committee on JNaval Affairs, relating to this
subject. Since the action of the committee on the
Subject, it had been brought to the consideration
of the present Secretary of the Navy, and he had
addressed a note to the chairman of the committee^
submitting the proposition that the work should
be given by contract to the lowest bidder, that the
Secretary of the Navy should be authorized to
advertise for proposals, and give the contract to
the lowest bidder. The proposition was submit-
ted to the committee, whether it would be advila-
ble to adopt the plan proposed, and the committee
concluded to submit this amendment, and leave ife
to the House to decide. The difficulty that sug-
gested itself to the committee was, that if propo-
sals were advertised for, persons who were unap-
prised of the difficulties to be encountered might
engage in the work,%and that the result might be
that instead of the amount recommended here to
be appropriated, this Government would have to
pay a hundred or a hundred and fifty thousand
dollars. He asked that the letter of the Secretary
j might be read.
The five minutes to which the gentleman was
entitled having expired, the letter was not read.
Mr. THOMPSON, of Mississippi, offered the
following as a substitute for the amendment of the
gentleman from New York:
"That the Secretaryof the Navy be authorized to eon-
tract with Samuel P. Butterworth, of New York, for the
raising of the wreck of the steamer Missouri: Provided,
That no more than ^0;000 shall be paid for the raising and
delivery of the wreck, and no more than $-20,000 shall be
advanced before the delivery of the wreck into the hands
of the agents of the Government."
Mr. T. said it appeared to him that if it was the
duty of .this Government remove this wreck, it
ought to be done at the smallest possible cost.
Mr. BAYLY was opposed to the substitute of-
fered by the gentleman from Mississippi, [Mr.
Thompson-,] and in favor of the original amend-
ment. He suspected that the gentleman from
Mississippi did not understand the amendment. It
merely gave authority to the Secretary of the Navy
| to enter into a contract for the raising of the frigate
! Missouri. He, of course, would take care that
the work was executed before he paid the con-
tractor. It had been said that if it is not intended
to pay for this work in advance, why is this ap-
propriation made? Now, every one must know
that no contract can be advantageously made by
the Government unless there has been an appro-
priation previously made for the work.
Mr. THOMPSON, of Mississippi, asked, Why
not, then, make the whole appropriation at the be-
ginning?
Mr. BAYLY resumed. Enough was appro-
priated, in the present instance, to let the contractor
see that he would not be altogether dependent on
the-action of a future Congress for his remunera-
tion. He would nevel* undertake a contract with
this Government unless an appropriation was pre-
viously made, for who could tell whether a future
Congress may not refuse to pay for the work ? He
had been consulted about thisamendment. He was
opposed to taking any monfey out of the Treasury
by an additional appropriation for this object.
But he had assented, on condition that it should
be taken out of the appropriation for the Bureau
of Construction and Repair. The amendment,
therefore, had been so framed as not to be an ap-
propriation directly from the Treasury, but out of
money appropriated for the Bureau of Construc-
tion, Equipment, and Repair.
Mr. HUBBARD said the gentleman from Vir-
ginia had intimated that Congress was not always
disposed to pay tor the woik performed under con-
tracts. He desired to ask that gentleman if he
could point out a single instance m vvhicn Congress
j had repudiated any engagement of the kind.
| Mr. BAYLY said he could. There was a re-
; cent case in which the gentleman from Alabama
had himself voted with the majority. He alluded
to the bill by which Congress had repudiated the
engagement made by a previous CongVess, for the
payment of the claims of the officers of the Virginia
Continental line.
Mr. STANTON, of Tennessee, moved to
amend the amendment by striking out " $40,000,"
and inserting " $45 000. **
He did this for the purpose of making a single
remark. He thought that, after all which had
transpired as to the wreck of the frigate Missouri,
every one must be satisfied that it is the duty of the
Government to have if removed. It is not altogether
certain that this wieck, which now lies in such a
position as to be injurious to the British Govern-
