THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
PUBLISHED AT WASHINGTON, BY JOHN C. RIVES.—TERMS {$3 FOR THIS SESSION.
31st Congress, 1st Session.
TUESDAY, SEPTEMBER 24, 1850.
New Series.... No. 120.
The Clerk read the next section, being the
following provision:
"For tmnspoitation of the United Slates mail between
New York and Liverpool, between New Fork and New Or-
ieans, Havana and Cha rns(an<l between Panamaand some
point in the Territory of Oregon, eight hundred and seventy-
four thousand six hundred dollars: Provided, That no part
of this appropriation, or of the unexpended appropriations
for the same service heretofore made shall be drawn from
the Treasury, unless the contract under which payment is
sought shall have been performed in full and strict compli-
ance with the law of the contract. And the Secretary of
the Navy is hereby authorized and required to rescind such
of said contracts as may not have been fully and suhstan
thereoP>formed according to the terms and stipulation:
Mr. BAYLY said he was instructed by the
Committee of Ways and Means to move to strike
out the proviso in the above clause, and to insert
the following in lieu thereof, viz:
"Provided, That no payment shall be made for said ser-
vice except in proportion to the mail service heretofore per
formed, or that may be hereafter performed; and the Secre-
tary of the Navy is hereby directed to make payment in such
proportion only."
Mr. B. said, that when the Committee of Way~
and Means had this subject before them they
were disposed to disconnect the Government from
these mail steamers, if it were possible to do so.
They were anxious to get clear of all the con-
tracts. And on motion of the gentleman from
Georgia, who was a member of the committee,
they adopted the proviso which the bill now con-
tained. Afterwards, however, not only the gen-
tleman from Georgia, but a majority of the com-
mittee, came to the conclusion that they had acted
unadvisedly, and that it would be better to substi-
tute the proviso, which he had now moved.
Mr. JONES^said, it was true that after a labo
rious examination and repeated consultations with
the Secretary of the Navy, the Committee of Ways
and Means had come to the conclusion to put in
the proviso as printed in this bill. The Secretary
had informed them that the contracts had not been
complied with, and that they could not be com-
plied with; that it was impossible that steam-
ers built with the view of conveying passengers
and freight could be adapted to war purposes in
case they should be required for such purposes.
Upon this evidence they had inserted the proviso,
and reported it to the House, that no part of the
appropriation should be paid over until the compa-
ny had complied with the express terms of their
contract, it was also true that the committee had
subsequently adopted the proviso which the chair-
man of the committee had now moved. He was
opposed to the system by which the Government
was connected with these mail steamers, and
would be glad to see it discontinued. It was
wrong that the Treasury of this Government
should be required to contribute large sums of
money annually for the private emolument of these
contractors without receivingany adequate return,
or, m fact, deriving any advantage therefrom. He
trusted—though he hartlly expected it—that the
proposed amendment would not be adopted, but
that the proviso contained in the bill would be per-
mitted to stand.
Mr. THURSTON moved to strike out the last
line of the amendment offered by Mr. Bayly, and
said: I offer this amendment, Mr. Chairman, not
for the purpose of having it adopted, but to enable
me to make a few remarks, to show that the amend-
ment offered by the chairman of the Committee
of Ways and Means [Mr. Bayly] should prevail.
When I first examined this bill, this proviso im-
mediately attracted my attention, because 1 at once
saw that should it prevail and become a law, the
Secretary of the Navy would not only be author-
ized, but positively enjoined to rescind the con-
tract establishing the line of mail steamers now
plying between Panama and Oregon. Not only
this, but the proprietors of that line would be pre-
cluded from receiving any pay for past services,
if any is now due, or pay for services hereafter
rendered, which might become necessary, out of
this appropriation. When I first read this proviso,
I did not know by whom it was got up, nor the
motives which dictated it, but I saw at once that'it
put the proprietors of that line completely into the
120
power of the Secretary of the Navy, and that it
would make the Secretary the cruel instrument
not only of doing injustice to the Pacific mail
steamboat company, but of repeating injustice to
the people of the Pacific coast, and of Oregon in
particular. Hence I had marked it, and was In-
tending, after an amendment 1 shall hereafter offer,
to move to strike it out, had not the same motion
been made by the able chairman of the Committee
of Ways and Means. This proviso, sir, reads as
follows:
" Provided, That no part of thi* appropriation, or of the
unexpended appropriations foi the same service heretofore
made, shall be drawn from the Treasury, unless the con-
tract under which payment is sought shall have been per-
formed in full, and strict compliance with the Jaw of the
contract. And the Secretary of the Navy is hereby author-
ized and required to rescind such of said contract as may
no! have been fully and substantially performed according
to the terms and stipulations thereof." *
This, sir, is the language of your proviso, which
meditates ruin on our line of steamer3, and glaring
injustice toward the people I represent.
The law under which the Pacific line of mail
steamers was established, was approved on the 3d
day of March, 1847, and the immediate section
authorizing its establishment is in these words:
" That it shall be the duty of the Secretary of the
' Navy to contract, on behalf of the Government of
t the-United States, for the transportation of the
i mail from Panama to such port as he may select
* in the Territory of Oregon, once a month each
1 way, so as to connect with the mail from Havana
' to Chagres, across the Isthmus; said mail to be
' transported in either steam or sailing vessels, as
' shall be deemed most practicable and expedient."
Accordingly, on the 4th of March, 1847, the Sec-
retary of the Navy advertised for proposals for
carrying the mail on this route. Several proposi-
tions were made—some for carrying it by sailing
vessels, others by steam. The proposals made by
Arnold Harris, of the State of Arkansas, were ac-
cepted, and on the 16th day of November, 1847,
the contract was concluded, the principle features
of which I will briefly narrate.
Mr. Harris obligated himself to carry the mail
from Panama to Astoria, or such other point in said
Territory as the Navy Department may select, once
a month each way, touching at one or two interme-
diate ports on the coast of Oregon when required
by the Secretary of the Navy—with liberty to
touch at such other ports as he chose, providing it
did not cause a failure in performance of the ser-
vice, The contract was to continue for ten years
from the 1st day of October, 1848.
Harris was to furnish three sea steamers, two of
which were to be of not less than one thousand
tons, and all of them to be well constructed, suitable
in all respects for the intended service, and to be ap-
proved by the Secretary of the Navy through the
agency of competent inspectors before leaving the
port of New York. Whether these vessels ever
were inspected, and if so, whether they were ap-
proved, I am not able to say from documentary evi-
dence; but, at any rate, they have found their
way into the Government service, and are<now
being used by the Government by virtue of the
contract. He was also bound to exercise, during
the continuance of the contract, such restrictions
as the Navy Department may deem necessary and
proper, from time to time, for the proper care and
preservation of the mails, and their proper receipt
and delivery at the ports of departure and arrival,
and was to convey, free of cost, a Government
agent, &c. These vessels were to sail from New
York, unless delayed by order of the Navy De-
partment, on or before the first of October, 1848,
and were to be so constructed as to be easily
turned into war steamers. The Navy Department
reserved the power to exercise, at all times, con-
trol over them and to convert them exclusively to
Government use by paying their value (at the
time,) to be ascertained by appraisers to be mutu-
ally chosen by the parties.
In compensation for this service, the United
States contracted, by the Secretary of the Navy,
to pay said Harris, or his assigns, the full sum of |
one hundred and ninety nine thousand dollars, in I
quarter yearly instalments, upon the " fair per- 1
formance"of the stipulated service. Such, sir,
are the principal heads of this contract, con-
cluded, as I have said before, on the 16th day of
November, 1847, between Arnold Harps and the
Government of the United States; for the security
of the performance vof which, on the part of Mr.
Arnold Harris, he, Edgar Howiand and Wm. H.
Aspinwall entered into bond with the Government.
But, on the 19th day of November, 1847, Arnold
Harris assigned this contract to Wm. H. Aspin-
wall, of the city and State of New York; and Mr.
Aspinwall immediately proceeded to construct the
steamers.
Now, sir, I shall not stop to inquire whether, in
constructing these steamers, Mr. Aspinwall, as
the assignee of Harris, fully and strictly- complied
with the law of the contract. Such is the language
of this proposed law, so that if he did not, al-
though the failure may have been unimportant,
and passed over by the Secretary of the Navy, he
must nevertheless be stricken down by the unre-
lenting edge of this proviso. Nor shall I inquire
whether he has, in every particular, since he be-
came the assignee of Harris, fully and subslantialy
complied with this contract; for if he has not, the
Secretary is commanded to rescind it. Your lan-
guage, sir, strikes wide and sure. In one case
you require a full and stiict compliancet to entitle
him to any pay; in the other, you require Jutland,
substantial performance, to entitle him to a contin-
uation of the contract. A full performance, as I
understand it, is a complete performance, a per-
formance of the whole in aggregate, and the entirety
of each particular stipulation; and if there "may
have been" any failure heretofore, however small,
if it constitutes any part of the entirety, although
heretofore passed over as unimportant, and with-
out detrio-.ent to the Government, you place the
axe in the hand of the Secretary of ths Navy, and
command him to sever the head from the body,
without j^ity and without mercy, regardless of
consequences to the Government, or to the people
of the Pacific coast, who are so deeply interested
in this line of steamers. But this is not all of the
enormity of the injustice you intend to commit:
you have first led the party into your meshes—yoa
have first contracted with him to sin, if sin he can,
while he intends not to do so, and then you turn
and smite him for doing what you yourself have
consented to and advised. I refer now to a fail-
ure on the part of William H. Aspinwall to com-
ply fully and strictly with his contract, growing .
out of a blunder of your own Navy Department,
for which Mr. Aspinwall is in no way responsible.
Yes, sir, a blunder of this same department into
whose hands you now propose to place the axe of
desolation to all our mail steam lines-generally! I
refer to a sub-contract entered into between the
Navy Department and Mr. Aspinwall, by which
the-latter was to deliver the Oregon mails, in sail-
ing vessels, " at or near the mouth of Kalamet
river." The evidence of this contract is found in
a letter from the Navy Department to Mr. Aspin-
wall, of which the following is a copy:
Navy DepartmfnTj June 10, 1848.
Sir : Your letter of the 20th December last was duly rf-
ceived, and, as I apprised vou, I found it necessary to con-
sult with the Post Office Department, so as to eive to the
mails earned in the line of steamers between Panamaand
Oregon the readiest and most convenient access to the set-
tlement in the interior of the Territory by connection with
the mail routes jniand. With this vtevv, I refeired jour
letter to the Postmaster General for his consideration, and
requested such suggestions as might appear to him material
to the investigation. For your iniormution I enclose a copy
of his communication on the subject, addressed to me un-
der date of tite 18th of January last. On the 31st of May
ultimo he addressed to me another communication,enclosing
an extract from the report of Geneial Gilliam, the agent of
the Post Office Department in Oregon, and of both I enclose
copics.
You will observe that the Postmaster General advises that
the mails by the line of steamers shall be landed and re-
ceived at the month of the Katamet river, as being, under '
present circumstances, the most convenient point on the
coast to supply the great body of the settlers with nidiJ fa-
cilities.
One great object of the law which authorized the Navy
Department to contract for the transportation of the mail in
steamers from Panama to some point in Oregon, was to se-
cure the construction and availability for Government pur-
poses of effective steamships of war. With thi# view, the
control of the vessels is reserved to the Navy Pepartmeut.
