1850.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
811
I might suggest, also, that the agricultural in-
terests may be greatly affected by your legislation
in relation to the public domain, but I will not de-
tain the committee longer at this time; 1 will not
anticipate objections. I hope that the amendment
. proposed by the committee to this section may be
adopted. But before I sit down, I may be allowed
to express the hope that no discussion on general
subjects will take place on this bill. The Consti-
tution requires the census to be taken once in
every ten years. This constitutional injunction is
complied with if begun within ten years, or begun
the first of June next. We have but little time
now to prepare for such commencement. It
would require a ton a day of schedules, instruc-
tions,^., to be sent out through the mails to sup-
ply the marshals, and then they are to transmit
them to their deputies. I hope the Jiouse will act
speedily and promptly on this subject.
Mr. MILLER. 1 propose to offer a substi-
tute for the bill which has been reported by the
committee. I will not, at present, enter into a
minute examination of the details of the measure;
but I beg leave to call the attention of the commit-
tee to a few of the points upon which I cannot
agree with the committee by whom this bill was
reported. The bill as reported by the committee
provides for the taking of the enumeration of the
inhabitants of the United States, under the clause
of the Constitution which requires that the census
shall be taken every ten ^fears; and I propose to
read to the committee that clause of the Constitu-
tion upon which the bill is predicated. It is in
these words:
" Representatives and direct taxes shall be apportioned
amon« the several States which inay be included withm tills
Union, according to tlleir respective numbers, which shall
be determined by adding to thy whole number of Tree per-
sons, including those bound to service lor a term of years,
and excluding Indians not taxed, tlnee-firilis of all other per-
sons. The actual enumeration shall be made within three
years after the first meeting of the Congress of the United
States, and withm every subsequent tetm of ten yeats, in
such manner as they shall by law direct."
Under this clause of the Constitution the com-
mittee have reported a bill providing for taking an
enumeration of the inhabitants, as required by the
Constitution. But, sir, they have gone further;
they have imposed upon the officers whose duty it
is to take this enumeration, a duty far exceeding
that of enumerating the inhabitants; they have re-
quired them to discharge other duties, going into
all the various businesses and pursuits of the peo-
ple of this country, and requiring them to make
returns of various statistics, which I maintain is
not within the scope of the duty that was contem-
plated to be imposed upon the persons designated
to take the census. I deny, sir, that under the
Constitution Congress has a right to prescribe and
impose other duties upon the officers appointed to
take the census than those which strictly appertain
to the enumeration of the inhabitants. The lan-
guage of the Constitution is clear, it is plain, there
is no misunderstanding it. It requires an enumer-
ation of the inhabitants to be made every ten years.
There it stops; and I care not what may be the
value of the information sought to be obtained; it
is enough for me to know that the Constitution
limits the duty that is to be performed, and we
have no right to go beyond that limit. Therefore, 1
say, I care not what the value of the information
may be; I am not going to inquire into its value; 1
am wholly indifferent as to that point, because our
duties being restricted in regard to this matter, we
have no right to go beyond them, or to exceed the j
limitation thus imposed. It is our duty to stop at j
that limitation, but the gentlemen of the commit- j
tee have not stopped there.
The first bill that was passed for taking thecen- !j
sus does not go beyond the enumeration of the !j
inhabitants, as prescribed by the Constitution, nor 1
does the second, nor, in fact, any of the bills that
were subsequently passed for this purpose, until
you come down to 1840, with the exception of the
bill of 1820, which proposed to exceed the limits
prescribed by the Constitution, but Congress re-
fused to sanction it, and its provisions were
changed. The bill of 1830 does nothing more j
than carry out the provisions of the Constitution. ;
In 1840, for the first time, this thing was intro- |
duced,and it is nowaquestion whether the policy j
then introduced should become the permanent j!
policy of the Government, or whether we should jj
abandon it and return to the original policy, that ,j
whtch is sanctioned and prescribed by the Consti- [j
tution. Gentlemen who rely upon precedent should
undoubtedly vote against the bill reported by the
committee.
But 1 have various objections to the bill besides
those which 1 have enumerated. In the first place
it imposes upon the deputy marshals duties
which it is impossible for them to perform within
the time required. It will be impracticable to pro-
cure the information which you seek to obtain,
and the attempt to procure it must necessarily re-
sult in a failure. You will have conjectural state-
ments m the place of correct information. But,
sir, as I remarked before, I care not whether the
information be correct or whether it be incorrect;
it is alike immaterial to me, because I conceive
that we have no power to enter into the inquiry at
all. But what is the object that is proposed to be
obtained by it? Of what benefit will it be ? The
honorable chairman of the committee says, that
the object is to exhibit the resources of the coun-
try; to place before the people of this country in-
formation as to the resources of the country, and
the peculiar productions of the various portions of
the country, as in the case of Kentucky and some
other States which are largely engaged in the busi-
ness of raising tobacco.
Now, I have a word to say in reply to this, and
it is, that if it be of advantage to those States to
possess statistical information m regard to these
matters, they have the power to procure it; they
can do it, and they will do it, if they consider it
desirable. They certainly possess the power and
the means to obtain this information, and they
will obtain it if they suppose it will be of advan-
tage to them to do so. And, sir, they can do it at
much less cost than it can be done'as proposed,
and without constitutional authority, by this bill.
The gentleman says that, according to the estimate
of the Secretary of the Treasury, the expense will
be $1,116,000. Whether this estimate includes
the printing, in addition to the printing of the
schedules, I do not know. I haveno doubt, how-
ever, that it will fall far below the actual cost. But
how much of this sum of $1,116,000 is necessary
for the mere purpose of taking an enumeration of
the inhabitants? It must be apparent to the com-
mittee that this sum is altogether too large for the
purpose of taking an enumeration of the inhabit-
ants. But, sir, if the gentleman does not 
Mr. THOMPSON, of Pennsylvania, interpos-
ing. With the permission of the gentleman 1 will
explain. It is estimated by the Secretary of the
Treasury that the>cost of procuring the statistics,
independent of the enumeration of the inhabitants,
will be, in round numbers, about $150,000.
Mr. MILLER. The gentleman is grosslybnis-
taken in his estimate, if he makes no difference
between the cost of taking the enumeration of the
inhabitants alone, and taking the statistics in addi-
tion to the enumeration. 1 can tell the gentleman
that the cost of procuring the statistics will, of
itself, exceed half a million of dollars. And if you
will compare the substitute which I have offered
with the bill reported by the committee, you will
find that the difference in point of expense will be
more than half a million of dollars. What does
the gentleman propose that the marshals shall be
required to do ? It will be perceived that the enu-
meration of the people is not a sixth part of the
duty that is imposed upon them. Does he pro-
pose that they shall be required to discharge the
residue of these duties, without paying them for
it ? Not at all. The bill provides additional com-
pensation, in view of the additional labor required
at the hands of the marshals; in other words, it is
proposed to give them more than a fair compensa-
tion for taking the enumeration, in consideration
of the additional duty that is imposed upon them.
That is the way in which the result is to be ar-
rived at.
Mr. THOMPSON, of Pennsylvania, stated the
amount of compensation proposed to be allowed to
the marshals upon the various items of statistical
information, for the purpose of showing that the
expense of collecting that information would not
exceed §107,000; and contended that no additional
time would be consumed.
Mr. MILLER. There appears to be a disparity
between the amount of compensation to be allowed
for collecting the ^statistical information, and that
allowed for taking the enumeration. The com-
pensation is not proportionate to the amount of
labor required in each case respectively. And the
committee have been compelled to increase the com-
pensation for the enumeration in order to supply
the deficiency of compensation in the cas£ of the
statistics. Now I repeat, and I believe the gentle-
man will not question the correctness of the state-
ment, that the mere taking of the enumeration is
not more than one-sixth of the labor that is im-
posed on the marshals, by requiring them to col-
lect these statistics. There are forty or fifty queis-
tions, at least, to be asked by the marshals in con-
nection with this statistical information, and the
answers to be recorded. This will in some cases
occupy the greater part of an hour, and if the mar-
shals were to receive no other compensation for
this part of their duty than that specifically pro-
posed by the committee, they would not be com-
pensated. If you estimate the expense of taking the
enumeration smply, you will find that $600,000
is a liberal compensation. Yet it appears by
the estimate submitted by the committee, that the
sum of $1,116,000 will be required at the very com-
mencement of the work. And, in my judgment,
it will be found to be a very great error to suppose
that the work can be accomplished for that sum in
the manner proposed. More than half a million of
dollars, then, will be expended in procuring statis-
tical information.
What does the gentleman tell you? He says
that you must collect materials to aid you in future
legislation. Sir, when all these materials shall
have been obtained, under your instructions to the
marshals, embracing fifty or sixty subjects of
inquiry; when you have collected all this variety
of matter, of what utility will it be ? It is all un-
necessary. If you carry out the whole of this
complicated machinery, it will not advance the in-
terests of the country one iota.
Another objection that I have to this bill is, that
it imposes a fine upon the citizens of the United
States who may refuse or neglect to give the
deputy marshals the required information. Sir,
I say you have no power to impose a fine upon
the citizens of the United States for a refusal to
answer any of these questions. I know that un-
der the census bill of 1840, the deputy marshals
were in the habit of commencing suits against
those who would not answer the questions; but it
was an undue assumption of power. By under-
taking to impose fines, you do what you have no
right to do. The answering of the.questions is a
voluntary matter entirely, and it ought to be so
regarded in the provisions of the bill, instead of
making citizens liable to suits at law in the event
of refusal to answer. I say you have no power
to compel them to answer.
The gentleman says that the expense of pro-
curing this statistical information will not exceed
$107,000. But what does he propose to do in this
bill ? He proposes to increase the patronage of
the Government of the United States almost to
that amount. He proposes to invest an officer of
this Government with unlimited power in the ap-
pointment of clerks. Why, sir, the Secretary of
the Treasury, in order to carry out the provisions
of the bill, would be compelled te appoint some
forty or fifty clerks. Sir, I am unwilling to vest
this extraordinary power in the hand of any of
the departments of this Government. If there
were no other objections to the bill, this alone
would be sufficient. But again: the gentleman
did not take into his estimate the very large amount
of additional printing that will be necessary.
Mr. THOMPSON, of Pennsylvania. 1 have
estimated for the additional clerks ^20,000; and for
the printing $200,000.
Mr. MILLER. The gentleman's estimate falls
far short ot the sum that will be required when
you come to employ twenty, or thirty, or perhaps
forty clerks for two years. It cannot be done, sir,
for that amount; and if you make a fair estimate
of the additional compensation to be given to the
marshals—the increased compensation to be given
to them m consequence of these additional duties
that are imposed on them, for additional clerks
and for the printing, you will find that you will
have added to the whole expense over half a mil-
lion of dollars.
The gentleman has read the act of the last ses-
sion of Congress, which requires the Board of
Census to prepare and cause to be printed such
forms as may he necessary for the enumeration of
the inhabitants of the United States, and also for
obtaining certain statistical information. But, sir,
the act does not authorize the Census Boaid to do
more than to prepare and cause to be printed, with
