812
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
April 24,
a view to their being submitted to Congress, such
forms as might be considered proper to be adopted;
 ot that they should cause to be printed all the
forms that wgre necessary to be used, bat only a
plan of forms, or schedules proper to be adopted;
But the board have taken it upon themselves to
order the printing of a large quantity. They have
done so without authority; and they now ask us
to adopt the forms which they have thus, without
authority, caused to be printed. And, sir, your
committee have reported a bill which does not
adopt those schedules.
I will not detain the committee by any protracted
observations in regard to the details of this bill. I
have adverted to the principal objections which I
have to the bill as reported by the committee, and*
I repeat that, in consequence of those objections,
I cannot, under any circumstances, support the bill
which the committee have reported. I consider
the objections that 1 have stated to be wholly in-
superable, I care not how important the informa-
tion may be, so long as the want of power is
clearly demonstrated, as it is in tiiis instance. ,
What is the object of procuring this statistical
information which is only to be obtained at the ex-
pense of hdlf a million of dollars ? Is it to be pro-
cured for the purpose, of forming1 a basis for future
legislation? If that be the object, I have only to
say, that its collection had better be omitted.
There is such a thing as danger of legts1ating too
much, and it is an error which we are most prone
to fall into. Therefore it is, that I should be
rather disposed to keep out the information. We
do not want it. If you propose to make it a pre-
text for further legislation, we had better be without
it; we have too much legislation already. Sir, I
regard it as an unnecessary expenditure of half a
million of dollars, and I am, therefore, utterly op-
posed to it. I offer the substitute.
The CHAIR-MAN. The gentleman rray offer
his substitute now, but it will not be in order to
act upon it until the amendments to the bill shall
bavp been disposed of.
Mr, WENT WORTH said that the true is^ue
before the committee was, whether this information
should be obtained or not. He was in favor of
having the fullest information, not only upon
points contemplated in the bill, but upon others
which he intended at the proper time to indicate.
Mr. STEPHENS, of Georgia, remarked that
the irentleman from Ohio, [Mr. Miller,] had said
most of what he had intended to say. Tiie
amendment which he had intended to offer came
in hefoie the amendment of the Committee on the
Judiciary, and proposed to strike out (commencing
on the 6th line) the words " and to collect all the
other .statistical information within their respect-
ive districts, in the manner provided for in the
act, anil specified in the instructions which shall
be given by the Secretary of the Interior, ard in
the tables annexed." The motion of winch the
gentleman from Ohio had given notice, to strike
out the whole bill and inseit a substitute therefor,
jf agreed to, would accomplish the purpose which
he (Mr. 3.) had in view. It was therefore unne-
cessary for him to offer his amendment.
He did not intend, at this time, to enter into any
general discussion ofthis bill, but wished baielp-to
enter his protest against anything contained in it
other than a provision for an enumeration of the
inhabitants of the United States, He held that
Congress could not properly, under that clause of
the Constitution, go any fuither. He thought the
position taken by the gentleman from Ohio was con-
clusive. The gentleman from Pennsylvania [Mr.
Thompson?] had argued that this statistical infoim-
afion was a matter ofgreat importance; the gentle-
man from Illinois [Mr. VVentworth] had also
taken the same position. It was enough for him
(Mr. S ) to know, that those objects were not
umongsttheobjects for which the Constitution was
formed. He asserted the principle, which no man
could deny, that this Government had no more pow-
er than the B; itish Government, or any other for-
eign Government had, to appropriate the public
money and send out their agents to collect much of
the information which was proposed by this bill to
be obtained. He did not intend to go through all
the provisions of the bill, but he wished to call the
attention 8f ihecommittee to one. He found by re-
ierence to schedule six, that it was proposed to take
the " name of every person who died during the
year ending 1st of June, 1850, whose usual
place of abode was m this family," and then in
separate columns were to be stated the "age,
" sex,"*' color—white, black, or mulatto"— *4 free !;
or slave," "married or widowed," " place of ,
birth," " the month in which the person died," ;
" the profession, occupation, or trade,51 <l the dis- t,
ease or cause of death." Now this information i
might be desirable to some gentlemen on this floor
and to some persons in the country, but he asked
every gentleman here whence they got the legitimate
power to collect it ? The Constitution of the Uni-
ted States gave to Congress the power to take an ■
enumeration of the people of the United States; j
and for specific objects. These were for appor- ;
tionment and direct taxes. Both these depended \
upon numbers alone. They had no right to send j
forth their messengers throughout this vast *' em-
pire," as the gentleman from Pennsylvania, he be-
lieved, had called it; but, thank God, this coun-
try was no empire yet.
Mr. THOMPSON, of Pennsylvania, interpos-
ing, (and the floor being yielded) said, without
rising to dispute with the gentleman about this
expression, he had not used it. The information
to which the gentleman from Georgia was now
referring, he would state, might be useful as show-
ing the contrast between the health of the different
sections of the country; it might also have an effect
upon the increased or diminished price of the pub-
lic lands to be sold.
Mr. STEPHENS (resuming) said he did not in-
tend to go into an argument with the gentleman as
to the objects which individuals might have form-
formation, such as this bill, as reported, sought.
But he asked if this was one of the objects for
which this Government was formed? Tne action
of the Government should always be confined to
those objects. That was the point he made.
Could they, as legislators, as the Congress of the
United States, appropriate the public treasure for
any other objects than those which came within
the range of the powers conferred upon them by
the Constitution? Thete might be many individ-
uals in the country who would be glad to see a
gieat deal of the information which this bill pro-
posed to collect It might be of value to the
scientific world; it might contribute to improve-
ments; he knew the value of such statistical reports.
But this was not the proper, the just way to obtain
these collections of statistics. This was a matter
which belonged exclusively to each State.
He called upon the House to maintain the prin-
ciple of keeping the Government within its proper
and legitimate sphere. We had heard much re-
cently of the prospect of the tlissolulion of this
j Union. It would be well for the members of this
J House who were friendly to the permanent union
' of these Stares, to lecollect that it could be main-
i tained only upon principle, and by confining it to
; the objects for which the Union was formed. The
1 union of these States was endangered by nothing
j more than by diverting and directing it to other
j objects than those contemplated m the charter of
i their powers. Those objects were enumerated
, and specified in the Constitution. He asked, to
t cairy out which one of these poweis was such
: information as this bill contemplated desirable or
! necessary? Would the gentleman who had re-
| ported this bill inform him under what clause of
the Constitution he got the power to appropriate
the money of the people of this country to seek
such infor rnation ? Thegentleman said the inform-
ation was desirable; but he asked where was
the power which authorized the Government to
collect it ?
He could call the attention of the committee to
many other matters embraced in these schedules,
lie would turn for a moment to schedule live. It
was there proposed to collect in every 44 town,
city, ward, county, or pan&h," in separate col-
umns, the " aggiegate value of real estate," " ag-
gregate value of personal estate," "aggregate
amount of taxes annually assessed," " number of
religious denominations," u number of sittings,"
" number of membeis," "value of chuich prop-
erty," &c. Would it not require time, labor, and
expense, he asked, to get this information, dis-
connected entirely as it was from the enumeration
of the people." Could Congress, disconnected from
the business of taking an enumeration of the peo- ,
pie, employ then agents to go into all parts of the ;
country to get information as to the value of j
church property, the number of denominations, I
their respective number of membeis? To what .
legitimate uses couid they apply such information j
after it was obtained ? It would at best be but an
abuse of a power. Such congressional action
could nor be defended on principle.
Mr. THOMPSON, of Pennsylvania, (interpo-
sing, and the floor being yielded,) asked what
authority Congress had to buy a library, to
maintain a National Observatory, to authorize an
Exploring Expedition, and to purchase Washing-
ton's Farewell Address? The latter object he be-
lieved the gentleman from Georgia had warmly
advocated, and he believed had sanctioned by his
vote nearly if not all the others* The gentleman
from Georgia defended his votes for them, he (Mr.
T.) supposed, on the ground that they furnished
information necessary to inform the legislator. He
(Mr. T.) defended this bill on the same ground.
These statistics were necessary to inform the legis-
lator; and whatever was necessary .for this pur-
pose was an^jpeident to their powers under the
i Constitution.
Mr. STEPHENS (resuming) said the gentle-
man from Pennsylvania answered his question by
| pointing to various acts of Congress. This he
j considered as equivalent to yielding on the part of
j the gentleman from Pennsylvania. When he in-
j quired for a power or authority for Congress to do
j anything, he thought it much more to the point
to direct attention to the Constitution than to arts
of Congress. He however would not follow the
example of the gentleman in this particular. He
would tell him where he derived authority for all
the acts of Congress wfhch ever had or ever would
get his sanction and approval. The gentleman
from Pennsylvania [Mr. Thompson7] asked where
Congress got the power to establish a "National
Observatory." Perhaps the gentleman meant
] the " Depot of Charts." He (Mr. S.) believed that
j was the name given in the statute book to this
I observatory. This was a part of the indirect policy
[ of the gentleman's party. This ohsprvatory had
i at first been recommended by high authority.
i It was then by the gentleman's party thought to
! be unconstitutional, and rejected. It was not for
him (Mr. S.) to defend the principles upon which
it was at first recommended; nor had he to defend
or explain any of his votes in relation to it. He
could be said to be-neither its friend or advocate,
nor its enemy. Hecertainly had not voted for its
establishment either as an observatory or a " Dep6t
1 of Charts," yet he took occasion to say, that such
I a vote would have been defensible upon principles
clearly constitutional. By the Constitution, Con-
gress had express power to " provide and main-
tain a navy." The observations and calculations
made at the observatory were of great importance,
if not essential to the preservation and safety of
that navy when floating upon distant and danger-
ous seas. As to the Exploring Expedition, he had
' only to say again, that certainly the gentleman
! would not pretend to say that he had ever advo-
1 cated that measure, particularly the late explora-
| tion or survey of the <{ Dead Sea." But even if
he had advocated such a measure, he should not
' have put his vote upon the ground of affording or
' furnishing information to the legislator. He should
think it would be much more defensible to say,
that it was legitimate and proper, in order to as-
certain new channels of communications—new
:: and safer avenues of trade, by which not only our
'i navy, but our commerce with the world might be
i| the better promoted and protected. The trade
i and commerce of the country which is borne
/ upon every ocean, is under the exclusive con-
I] trol of Congress. For the purchase of Wash-
1 ingfon's Farewell Address he (Mr. S.) did vote;
1 but not for the purpose of procuring informa-
;! tion for the legislator—though that might be a
ji legitimate object of appropriation in s,ome eases.
M Such might be the case m judicious appronria-
,! tions for the library. Such was the case inah'sur-
; veys ordered to be made by the topographical
.corps. But no such appropriation would be jus-
tifiable unless the information, when obtained,
could be used for. some legitimate and proper
, purpose. Now, the question in this case was, what
; constitutional use could Congress make of these
; statistics when obtained ? What can you do with
the amount of the church property when you ^et
it all accurately set forth ? In schedule number thiee
1 in this bill he noticed that the assistant marshals
were to take a list of " every owner, agent, or
, manager of a farm—number of acres improved—
number unimproved—cash value of farm," withdi-
j vers other matters, in all amounting to fifty-one
