1908
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
Sept. 21,
But in regard to the present <lutv to be performed, in the re-
ceipt, transportation, and delivery of the mails, and as to
ti e points ;it winch ibey are.to be landed for distribution ir 
the interior, I dpetn it to hp my duty to defertothe better i -
f >rmed views of the Post Office Department, whose agent is
to control them. In the present condition of the ^PtileinHnts
jn Oregon, and in the existing stale of thinqs in California,
and especially in view of the uncertainty as to the points at
which the population will in the future establish itself, I do
not feel at liberty to exercise the power reserved to me in the
contract, of making a definite alteration of the tcrminuc, to
continue during the term of the contract. With the under-
standing that the modifications now acedei to are to he
subject to the absolute right of the Navy Department, on six
months' notice to you, to require the service to be so per-
formed as to deliver the mails in steamers at Astotia, or the
Straus of Fuca, or any other point at Oregon, as shall be
found by experience to be neet<sary tor it« efficient perform-
ance, and the greatest convenience in furnishing mail facili-
ties to the inhabitant? of the country, I agree, that instead of
going to Astoria, the maiN may be delivered and taken on
board at or near the mouth of the Kalamet liver. as shall he
found most convenient to connect with the inland post
routes established or to be established by the Po«r Office De-
partment; and in consideration of your asredn? to touch,
free of charge, at the three point* now occupit d by the squad-
ron, or such ports on the west coast to the south, not ex-
ceeding three in nuinbei, as may be required by this depart-
ment, after the restoration of peace wiih Mexico, I agree
that the steamers shall not be required to proceed fuitbej
north than San Francisco, but th* mail service imift be rrg-
ulaily performed in connection with them in puinihle sailing j
vessels to the mouth of the Kalamet river, with the received
right of the department to require that the steamers shall go
to A*toi ia, the Sti « us of Fuca, or other point selected on the
coast of Oiegon, in «i.v months' notion.
In ports of the United States, as well as those held bv our
forces by military occupation, the vessels emplnved in the
execution of your contract will be regarded as transports in
the service of the Government, and will be subjected to no
tonnage duty or port charges, and your coals and other sup-
plies tor their use, may be landed and deposited frep of duty.
But private freight will be suhjected to duty according to the
laws of the United States.
I regret the delay which has occurred in answering your
communication; but anxious as I am that the enterprise 111
which you have engaged shall realize all the advantages con-
templated by the law, and especially that it shall successfully
ehtablis'i <nid maintain a speedy, certain, and «afe o 'irunuoi-
cation with our interesting settlements on the distant Pacific,
and give*to the inhabitants or that region the full facilities
intended for them, in the met efficient manner, I have not
been prepared to respond to vour letter of the 20th Decem-
ber la-n at an earlier day. My first duty is to secure those
public objects. I shall not be unwilling, in promoting them,
to malt-* the service less onerous to you. Iam, very lespect-
fuliy, your obedient servant, J. Y. MASON.
Wm. II. Aspinwall, E-q., New York.
I have called this a blunder, because the month
of the Kalamet river was then some twq hundred
miles from the white settlements in Oregon; because
there was no road, or even trail, from that point to
the settlements; because it is in the heart or a tribe
of fierce and savage Indians, to pass through which,
with safety, to the white settlements, would require
a company of fifty well-armed men; because no
sailing vessel had for twenty years, if ever, en-
tered the mouth of that river; becau3c the harbor
and anchorage were wholly unknown; and because
a vessel attempting to enter there would have en-
countered the double danger of being wrecked on
hidden rocks or shoals, and of being robbed by
the savages infesting that shore. The result was
that Mr. Aspinwall never landed a mad there, and
could not do it. True, it is said that this mistake
■was made by reason of a certain report made by
General Gilliam, then the agent of the Post Office
Department for Oregon. That report does not
justify the conclusion, but it makes no odds: the
mistake was made, and Oregon lost a year's mail
service by the blunder.
Now, sir, I deny that the Navy Department had
any power to Change the original contract with
Arnold Harris, as it was changed by this letter of
the Navy Department of June 10,1848. I deny
that the department had power under the law to
suspend in part the operations of this contract, as
it was suspended by this letter. But this is not the
proper time to argue that point. If the department
had not the power, then this line of masl steamers
must be abolished if this proviso becomes a law,
because, if the original contract remained in full
force, a consent on the part of the Secretary of the
Navy, given without the authority of law, that it
need not bt fully or st)ictly performed, will not
shield Mr. Aspinwall at all under the stringent
operations of this proviso. If the Secretary of the
navy had the authority exercised in this case, and
the contract on the part of Aspinwall to deliver the
mail by sailing vessels, " at or near the mouth of
the Kalamet river," became a part of the contract
contemplated in this proviso, then to Aspinwall
the consequences aie the same. In either case, he
must be ground to powder under the iron heel of
the Government, without wrest of judgment or
hope of pardon.
I might proceed, sir, and present you other in-
stances where this proviso would.J>e unjust and
cruel in its operations; but the one I have given
may stand for the whole. T saw the intended effect
of this proviso from the beginning. I saw in it,
sir, a monster couched in ambush—a declaration
of war on the just rights of parties, and on the in-
terests of the whole Pacific coast. This, sir, is
the only line of steamers we have which approxi-
mates to paying its way, and I trust it is not to be
stricken down in this ruthless manner. We are
too deeply interested in it on the Pacific, not to be
restive under the attempt, and we value too highly
this means of communicating with our brethren
east of the mountains, not to be watchful for its
safety; and I do really hope that this miserable
proviso will be rejected, and scattered to the four
winds, as it well deserves to be—it is as ill advised
as it would be cruel and unjust in its operations.
• The question was taken, and
The amendment to the amendment was rejected.
The question recurring on the amendment of
Mr. Bayly—
Mr. JONES called for tellers.
Tellers were ordered, and Mr. Levin and Mr.
Vf.nable were appointed.
The question was taken, and the tellers report-
ed—ayes ]03, noes 29.
So the amendment was agreed to.
Mr JONES moved an amendment, to add at the
end of the amendment just adopted, the following
proviso:
" Provided, That from and after the parage of this act,
flogging in the navy be and is hereby abolished."
Mr. J. said he would not detain the committee
with a speech on this question, but would refer
them to a report made from the Navy Department,
showing: the number of sailors that had been
whipped in the United States navy.
Mr. HOLMES raised the point, that the amend-
ment was not germane, and therefore not in order.
The CHAIRMAN overruled the point of order.
Mr. STANLY moved the following amendment
to the amendment:
" Evcppt in cases where courts-martial are held, and
the sentence shall not be cariifd into effect until twenty-
four hours aftei the judgment."
Mr. S. said, he had been informed of some
cases in which the most brutal conduct had been
pursued in the treatment of sailors in the navy
of the United Slates. He observed, jocularly,
that sailors were considered no better than other
folks, and that the gentleman from Ohio [Mr.
Cartter] did not even think them as good.
Mr CARTTER. Does my friend allude to this
gentleman from Ohio? Because, if he does, he is
entirely mistaken. I think the sailors are the only
good men in the navy. [A laugh.]
Mr. STANLY (not distinctly heard by the Re-
porter) was understood to say that he had heard
of the most flagitious cases of the abuse of author-
ity in the punishment of sailors. And he thought
there ought to be some remedy provided for this
abuse. He was of opinion that it was evidently
wrong that an officer of the navy should be per-
mitted—half drunk himself, perhaps, at the time—
to inflict upon a sailor summary punishment for a
real or supposed delinquency.
j Mr HOLMES opposed the amendment. He
; would venture to assett, he said, that there was
j not ^good sailor in the navy who desired the abo-
' lition of flogging. There were many sailors, he
i said, who had been all their lives at sea and had
! never received a flogging; but those who had, were
j benefited by it. The proposition of the gentleman
| from North Carolina [Mr. Stanly] was, that
| twenty-four houis should elapse between the of-
fence and the punishment. No, sir, (said Mr. H.)
the only way is to give them the ready money at
the very moment.
Mr. H. proceeded to state that he was, last
! Summer, while on board a revenue cutter going to
I select a location for a light-house, witness to a
i transaction which confirmed him in the belief that
j flogging was necessary. They were passed by a
, merchant ship bound to New Orleans. The crew
| of that ship had compelled the captain to go into
| the port of Chaileston, and the officers of the rev-
| enue cutter were detained three days to be exam-
ined concerning naval discipline. He maintained
that if fifty lashes had been administered to the
refractory sailors on board that ship, instead of
being detained, she would have gone on her voyage
without any detention. He contended that if a
law were passed prohibiting the punishment of
sailors summarily, the consequence would be that
instead of having the benefit of the services of the
sailors of the navy, the most of them would be in
confinement or in irons, for a great part of the
time.
The question being put, tellers were demanded,
but not ordered.
The question being then put, the amendment to
the amendment was agreed to.
Mr. STANTON, of Tennessee, moved an ad-
ditional proviso, as follows:
" Provided, That the President, by and with the advice
and consent of the Senate, be authorized to incorporate in
the naval service of the United Stales the surviving officers
of the late IVxas navy who were duly commissioned and
in the service of *aid Republic at the tune oi its annexation
to the United States: Ptovided, That the number of officers
to be incorporated shall not exceed one captain, six lieuten-
ants, one surgeon, three pursers, and two masters in the
line of promotion : Jlad provided, further, That upon the
death, resignation, or dismissal ot any of the said officers,
tht vacancy thereby created shall not be filled."
Mr. STRONG raised the point of order that
this amendment was not in order because it was
not germane to the subject under consideration.
The CHAIR ruled the amendment out of order.
Mr. EYANS, of Maryland, moved to amend
the amendment as amended, by adding thereto the
following:
" Provided,further, That the liquorration in the navy be,
and the same is heieby, abohshrd; and that five cents per
day be allowed each sailor in heu thereof."
Mr. EVANS said, when the liquor ration is
abolished, the principal cause of Hugging will be
removed.
Mr. CARTTER, addressing the Chairman,
moved that the committee rise.
Mr. EVANS. I have the floor, I believe, sir.
The CHAIRMAN, (Mr. Dissjey.) The gen-
tleman from Maryland is entitled to the floor.
Mr. EVANS, (continuing.) It is the opinion
of officers of the navy, who know something about
the matter—more, perhaps, than we do—that if the
liquor ration be abolished, there wfll be little occa-
sion for flogging; but I doubt whether it is advisa-
ble for us to attempt to act upon the subject at all,
until we have a report from the Secretary of the
Navy on the subject. It may be taken up at the
next session, and acted upon with deliberation.
The proposition that is made now, 1 am afraid is
more for Buncombe than for anything else. Every
gentleman here feels, I have no doubt, a reluctance
to vote against a proposition of this kind, on ac-
count of the effect that it may have at home. Yet
there is no one who will not admit that if we
abolish flogging in the navy, we ought to abolish
what leads to it.
The question was then taken on the amendment
to the amendment, and it was agreed to on a count
by tellers—ayes 73, noes 54.
Mr. VENABLE moved to amend the amend-
ment by adding thereto the following:
" And provided, also, That neither wine nor ardent spirits
shall be UMid by the ofheera on board ship, whilst in actual
service, except as medicine."
Mr. VENABLE said: Mr. Chairman, the amend-
ment which I have proposed very properly fol-
lows that which has been just adopted. My
friend from Maryland [Mr. EvANs,]'has, by his
amendment, which hasmet with the approbation of
the committee, provided that the sailors are not to
have their rations of spirits, but are to be paid five
cents per day in lieu thereof. Another humane
gentleman, my friend from Tennessee, [Mr.
Jones,] has relieved them from whipping as a
punishment for disobedience and insubordina-
tion. Now, sir, the spirit ration us well as the
flogging, have been known in all navies for centu-
ries; and as I do not suppose that we are much
better or wiser than those who have gojie
before us, I must be permitted to say, with all,
respect that I consider this whole attempt at reform
as mere flummery and humbuggery. But as judi-
cious gentlemen seem to be satisfied that we are to
have sober sailors in future, it is but justice to
them that they should not be commanded by
drunken officers. This, I suppose, would not often
happen, as the officers are usually prudent gentle-
men; but it is possible, if they drink at all they
may drink too much, and to prevent such a casu-
alty, let us take cate of their morals, and make it
impossible. I never heard of a sailor who could
gat drunk on five cents1 worth of whiskey, nor did
1 ever hear of one who became intoxicated on
