814
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
April 24,
■would constitute ample authority for Congress to
provide not only for taking an enumeration
of the people, but for collecting statistics in regard
to their property, their intellectual, social, and
moral condition, and whatever constituted the re-
sources of the country. Could any gentleman
doubt that the single power given to this Gov-
ernment to declare war, and carry on war, when
it was known that the property of the country,
its commerce, its manufactures, its social con-
dition, were the very sinews of war, and as im-
portant as the population itself, would necessarily
carry with it the incidental power of Congress to
take an enumeration of the people, to ascertain
their strength, not only as regarded numbers, but
as regarded property and all the other means that
would be necessary to prosecute war. And when
the Congress of this Union possessed the power
to regulate commerce with foreign nations, and
among the several States, did it not necessarily
follow that, in order to legislate properly upon
this great subject, they had the right to know
what the subjects were upon which they were
to act ? The Constitution granted the power
to make treaties with foreign nations, and it
was of al! considerations the most important in
making treaties, in regulating our intercourse with
other nations, that we should know what our own
commerce, our own resources were. These, of
all other things, were most properly to be taken
into consideration before we ventured into any
arrangement with foreign nations. Unless Con-
gress had the power to obtain this information,
how could they properly discharge those high
duties and trusts committed to them by the Consti-
tution? It was true, as he had said, that Con-
gress was required to provide for taking the census
for the purpose of apportioning representation,
but if there were no such provision in the Consti-
tution, he held that, in order to enable Congress and
the Executive Department to execute the duty of
regulating commerce, making treaties, and the other
duties to which he had referred, there was an abun-
dant implied powertoobtam the information essen-
tial to guide them in their action. The commercial
power, the war power, the currency power, the
power to coin money, and regulate the value there-
of, all carried with them the incidental powers
which it was proposed to exercise under this bill.
The exercise of the power to coin money and reg-
ulate the value thereof, as a matter of course, was
connected with a just appreciation and knowledge
of the value of the property of the country; that
knowledge was necessary to enable them to deter-
mine the amount of currency which the wants of
the country required. This whole argument
Against the constitutional power of Congiess to
pass this bill, proceeded upon the idea that they
were to legislate in the dark, that they were to
exercise these great powers, and bring about these
great results, without having in their possession
the information necessary to guide their action.
He held that there could be no doubt of the power
of this Government to go into an examination of
the property of this country, and of its whole
moral, social, and political condition, even if there
were no such express provision of the Constitu-
tion as that under which they were now legisla-
ting.
Mr. ROOT moved that the committee rise.
The motion having been agreed to—
The committee rose and reported progress.
And the House adjourned.
PETITIONS, Stc.
The following petitions, memorials, &c., were
presented under the rule, and refeired to the ap-
propriate committees:
Bv >>r. : The p< tition of Jame* Richmond, Augus-
tus Gib'w, and 10 ofhers cilizen^ ol Livonia, Lmn«*ton
county, New Yoi k, pra\ m«r for the iepe.il ot all laws enacted
by Coii^rev in lav u ot siavr.r.v and Die slave trade in the
Di-trict of Columbia, or uiu removal of the capital to a free
State.
By HEB \RD: The petition of JolmTS. Marey and 103
others, pr.u mg that sla.ery and the slave aade may be pio-
hihited m all tne territoijes or the United S'ute*..
Aho, the petition of Leonatd Fisk and 5b others, praying
for the tne object.
Al-n, the petition of Joseph C. A-pmwall and 37 otheis,
a^kin? tor the same obj >ct.
Al*o, the petiriou ot Noah SafTud and 103 others, praying
for the same object.
Also, the petition of Jofciah H. PheJp3 and 2J3 others, a?k-
ina for the same object.
Also, the petition of Josiah H. Phelps and 203 others,
praying that all laws enacted or adopted by Congress by
which slavery is sanctioned in the District of Columbia, may
be repealed, or the seat of Government be removed.
Alao, the petition of Joseph C. Aspinwali and 37 others,
praying for the same object.
Also, the petition of Leonard Fisk and 58 others, praying
for the same object.
Also, the petition of John S. Marcy and 103 others, pray-
ing that alleged fugitives from service may be allowed a trial
by jury.
Also, the petition of of Joseph C. Aspiuwall and 35 others,
asking the same object.
Also, the petition of Leonard Fisk and 58 others, praying
for the same object.
Also, the petition of Jonathan Kinny and 103 others, for
the same object.
Also, the petition of Josiah H. Phelps and 203 others, for
the same object.
Also, the petition of Josiah H. Phelps and 203 others,
praying that no Mate may hereatter be admitted into the
Union, unless slavery be prohibited within its limits.
Also, the petition of Joseph C. Aspinwali and 35 others,
praying for the same object.
Also, the petition of John S. Marcy and 103 others, pray-
ing for the same object.
Also, the petition of Leonard Fisk and 37 others, for the
same object.
Also, the petition of James D. Butler and 10 others, ask-
ing for a uniform rate ol postage of two cents per half
ounce on piepaid letteis. All ot said petitioners residing
in the State of Vermont.
By Mr. BQRltOYVS: The petition of Lucius Street, and
56 others, citizens and electors ot Barre, Orleans county,
New York, against the admission ot any more slave States
into the Union.
Also, the petition of citizens and electors of Barre, Or-
leans county, New York, to secure to alleged tugiuves the
right of trial by jury.
Also, the petition of citizens and electors of Barre, Or-
leans county New York, lor the repeal of all jaws enacted
or adopted by Congress for the support of slavery in the
District ol Columbia.
Also, the petition of citizens and electors of Barre, Or-
leans county, New York, for the establishment of freedom
in the teintones of the United States.
By Mr. FOWLER - The petition of Isa ;c Stearns, Morti-
mer* Blake, and 100 others, citizens and legal voters of
Mansfield, Massachusetts, prajingthat no State b<. hereafter
admitted into the Union, unless the constitution of such
State prohibit the existence of -tavery theieni.
Also, the petition of Isaac Stearns, Mortimer Blake, and
100 others, citizens and legal voiers ot Man^held, Massachu-
setts, praying that slavery and the tlave trade may be pro-
hibited by act of Congress, in all the territories ol the
United States.
By Mr. CUOVVELL: The petition of George flazlep and
other*-, citizens ot Guitavus, Ohio, praying Congress to se-
cure a jury trial to persons . laimed as fugitive slaves.
Also, the petition ol Richard King and others, citizens ot
Gustavus, Ohio, piayiug the repeal of all laws authorizing
or sanctioning slavery and the slave tiade in the eity ot
Washington or Distuct of Columbia, and it not repealed,
that the seat ot Government be removed to some more suit-
able place.
ANo, the pehtion of Lewis B. Biadly and othets, citizens
of Gustavus, Ohio, pra>i,  Congiess to admit no State here-
atter into the Union, unless slavery is expressly prohibited
in it* constitution
Also, the petition ot John T. Lojjan tind others, citizens ol
Gufi.ivus, Ohio, praying that slavery and the slave trade be
expressly piolnbited in teintoues of tiie United States.
By Mr. FITCH: Four several petitions of citizens of
Franklin township, Kosciusko count}, Indiana, asking the
repeal of all I a wa adopted ot < naeted by Congiess', recognizing
slavery or the *lave trade in the Di.-trict oi Columbia; or
that the seat of Government be removed; that no State be
hereafter admitted into the Union, unles* the constitution
ol such State prohibit slavery; that the right of tnal by jury
be «iianted to fugitive slaves; that slavery and the slave
trade be prohibited in the United States; teiritories.
By Mr. GERRY: The petition of Asa Leach, of Kenne-
bunk, Maine, fur a pension.
Aim), the petition of Fredeiick Gieen, and 29 others, of
the town of Saco, Maine, foi the reduction of the present
rate of postage.
By Mr. MA\N, of Pennsylvania: The petition of Wil-
liam Taylor, and 100 others,citizens of Lawrence county,
Pennsylvania, prajmg for a giant of land to the officers and
soldieis that served a tour ot duty in the war of 1812.
Al#), a resolution of the L< gisiature of the Srat" of Penn-
sylvania, relative to the promotion of agiicuhure, and re-
commending the passage of an act creating a national Boaid
of Agnculture.
Bv Mr. BINGHAM: The petition of Rev. B. N. Paine
and 51 others, citizens of the township ol Tuacola, Saganaw
county. Michigan, praying that no State maybe hereafter
admitted into the Union unless slavery is expres&J) pro-
hibited in ita constitution.
AL<o, the petition ot f). Harrison and 51 others, citizens
of the tame township, praying that slavery and the siave
trade may be expres^v prolnbi'ed by act ot Congress in all
the territories ot the United Mates.
Also, a petition tiom the same persons, prawn* that a
trial by jury may be gianted to persons claimed asWiuve
slaves.
Ako, a petition from the snme persons, prajing for the
repeal of all laws which sanction sJaveiv or the slave t ade
in the District ot Columbia.
By Mr. BENNETT: The petition ofemzens ot Chenango
couutv, New iTork, to abolish slavery in the Dibtuct oi Co-
lumbia.
Also, of the same, to prohibit slavery in the teiritories
Al*o, of toe fame, not to admit any new slave State*:
Also, of [he same, lo secure t„ alk-gfcl lugmv..B irum'ser-
vice a trial byjitrv.
By Mr. CHANDLER: The memotia! of the National In-
stitute, asking for aid to preserve and exhibit lor ptibli-
benefit its rich and rare collection, and that the institute be
invested with the carc and preservation of the collection of
the United States Exploring Expedition, so that it may re-
tain us separate and natural character.
By Mr. SIBLEY: The petition of John Cummins for
compensation as. actum assistantcomtni«sary of sub-isteeco,
and acting assistant quartermaster at Fort Crawtord, Wis-
consin.
Also, the memorial of the people of Minnesota territory
for an appropuation for the survey of the Mississippi river
above the Falls of St. Anthony, preparatory to its improve-
ment.
By Mr. HARLAN: The petition of Timothy R. Dicken-
son, and 119 others, of the county of DeKalb, in the State
of Indiana, praying a reduction in the price of prepaid post-
age to two or three cents, and the abolition of the franking
privilege.
IN SENATE.
Wednesday, Jipril 24, 1850.
Mr. WALES presented a petition of citizens of
Newcastle county, in Delaware, remonstrating;
against the admission of any new State into the
Union whos^ronstitution tolerates slavery.
The menflRal, said the honorable Senator, is
signed by nine persons, who are members of the
Society of Friends. They are all known to me;
and in a letter which accompanied then* memorial,
they say that they wish it to be distinctly under-
stood, that they are occupied in no abolition move-
ment.
The memorial was ordered to lie on the table.
Mr. COOPER presented nine memorials from
citizens of Pennsylvania, numerously signed, ask-
ing a revision of the tariff of 1846, and the impo-
sition of specific duties, with a discrimination in
favor of iron, coal, and other articles of American
manufacture; which were referred to the Commit-
tee on Finance.
Also, three petitions from citizens of Pittsburgh,
in the same State, asking that appropriations may
be made for the erection of a custom-house at that
place; which were referred to the Committee on
Finance.
Also, a memorial from merchants and other citi-
zens of the State of Pennsylvania, asking the con-
struction of a harbor at Reedy Island, in the Del-
aware river; which was referred to the Committee
on Commetce.
Also, a memorial from citizens of Lawrence
county, in the State of Pennsylvania, strongly
urging Congress to grant bounty lands to the offi-
cers and soldiers of the last war with Great Brit-
ain; which was referred to the Committee on Mil-
itary Affairs.
Also, a petition from citizens of Adams county,
Pennsylvania, asking a reduction of the rate of
postage; which was referred to the Committee on
the Post Office and Post Roads.
Also, a memorial of citizens of Pennsylvania,
asking the construction of a ship canal around the
falls of St. Mary, and the improvement of the
navigation of the Omonagan river; which was
referred to the Committee on Commerce.
Also, a petition from George Horn, asking that
a patent may be issued to him for a tract of land
which he has occupied and improved, near the city
of Sacramento, in California; which was referred
to the Committee on Public Lands.
Also, a petition from citizens of Crawford
county, Pennsylvania, asking that no State may
hereafter be admitted into the Union whose con-
stitution does not expressly prohibit slavery
within its limits; which was ordered to lie on the
table.
"REPORTS FROM COMMITTEES.
Mr. JONES, from the Committee on Pensions,
to which was referred the resolution of the Senate
of the 27th February last, directing an inquiry
into the expediency of granting to the widow or
hens of David Luin, a soldier in the war of 1812,
five years half-pay, asked to be discharged from
the further consideration of the same which was
concurred in.
Mr. FELCH, from the Committee on Public
Lands, to which was referred the bill to create the
office of surveyor genual of the public lands m
Oregon, and to provide for the suivey of those
lands, and make donations to the settlers thereon,
reported back the same with sundry amendments,
which were ordered to be printed.
Mr. NORRIS, from the Committee of Claims,
to which was referred the documents relating to
the claim of Daniel D. T. Benedict, for certain
pay and allowances, made an adverse report on
the same; which was ordered to be printed.
Mr. BUTLER asked the Senate to indulge him
for a moment in taking up the bill to regulate the
