816
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
April 24.
word to say on this subject. I have been in cor-
respondence with a very well-informed gentleman
in Philadelphia on the subject-matter of this reso-
lution; and that correspondence i shall take the
liberty of handing to the Committee on Finance.
I shall not say a word in reference to that bianch
of the subject which has been under discussion.
But I-desire to say a word m reference to the ca-
pacity of the mint at Philadelphia to perform the
work that is necessary to be done. It is true, as the
honorable Senator from Virginia has remarked, that
there has been some peculiar difficulty in separating
the alloy from the gold. The mint has capacity
fo com much more than is likely to be received
from California or other quarters at any time. Ar-
rangements are now being: made which will greatly
increase its capacity m that respect; and I will add
that in the assayer's office, where the difficulty
has been which produces the delay, there is like-
wise means being taken to remedy the evil. Prom
this forward, or from a short period from now for-
ward, the mint at Philadelphia will have the capa-
city to coin at the rate of $3,5 '0,000 a month, at
the least, as f am informed. And there is a com-
munication now on the table of the Senate, or in
the hands of the Committee on Printing, from the
director of the mint there, which shows the capa-
city of the mint to do all the coinage which will be
required. Its capacity for this purpose is abundant,
and more than abundant. I have stated this in'
order that the Senate may know that there is no
want of ability in the mint at Philadelphia to per-
form all the coinage that is necessary, or that will
be necessary.
The other branch of the subject referred to by
the honorable Senator from Massachusetts, as I
have remarked, has been treated of by a distin-
guished gentleman of Philadelphia, thoroughly
informed upon the subject; and he takes precisely,
in one respect, at least, the same view of remedy-
ing the difficulty as to the quantity of coin that is
locked up in the mint in the hands of the sub-trea-
sury, that he does. He suggests the same mcasuie
of relie/'that he does; and 1 will take the libei ty to
hand to the committee the letteis. I am sure they
are worthy of perusal, as they are from a practical
man, who is every day engaged in commercial and
monetary transactions.
* Mr. PEARCE. Mr. President, I concur en-
tirely in all that has been said as to the importance
ot making provision for the prompt conversion of
bullion into coin at the different mints of the
United States. I only desire to add to what has
fallen from the Senator from Virginia, that the
subject has received some consideration from the
Corumiticc on Finance. A communication was
befoie that committee from the Superintendent of
the mini, stating two defecis, going to show the
inadequacy of the mint m its present condition to
do the woik which is required. The steam ap-
paratus, which has been very lone: in use, had
become deficient. It was necessary to have new
lioileis, winch, in the present condition of the
building, could not be worked up to their capacity.
A part of the structure was also so decayed by
time that, although the boilers of the steam en-
gine were in good working older, the stiucture
was too weak to sustain the pressure of the ap-
paratus at its full power. The Committee on
Finance, in view of these circumstances, intro-
duced appropriations in the deficiency bill, which
has passed this body, and is now in the House of
Representatives, to remedy that evil; and I un-
derstand that, if these appropriations shall be ap-
plied to their object, the efficiency of the mint will
be so far increased that its capacity for coining
money will be increased a hundred fold. "
Mr. WEBSTER, i do not intend to extend
my remailis on this subject. Gentlemen have
spoken of the existing law as to deposits. But
that is not now the important objcct to which the
atiention ot the Senate has been called by my
resolution. I have no doubt that the evil com-
plained of by the honorable member from Louisi-
ana requires remedy. The office is a high and
responsible one. The bonds are very heavy, and
the salary is very small; but these are subjects
which will come very fairly wit.iin the consider-
ation of the Committee on Finance, and i have
not the least douot that they will receive proper
consideration at the hands of lhat committee.
Mr. MANGUM. I desiie to learn from some |
member of the Committee on Finance, whether
the subject has ever been considered in this aspect; j
whether any initiative measures, looking ultimate-
ly to the establishment of a branch mint in Cali-
fornia, have been under consideration, so that, at
least, the gold which is obtained from the mines in
California may be assayed there. 1 hope that that
will be taken into consideration when this question
comes up, in all its aspects and bearings, for the
consideration of the committee. I apprehend,
without knowing much about it, that it is the
smallet holders of gold in California that are sub-
jected to considerable loss. I have heaid so from
newspaper report. The Government is not pre-
pared, at this early day, to put into operation a
branch mint there; but cannot some preliminary
measures be taken, by whioh gold can be assayed
to a proper degree of fineness, maiked in bullion,
so that holders may not be imposed upon ? Will it
not be safer for transportation ?
Originally, sir, I was one of the members of the
Senate that went into the policy of establishing
branch mints. 1 thought that at New Orleans
vastly important; and I have thought for years the
establishment of a branch mint at New York was
called for by the public convenience; but, while I
should feel well disposed to any measure matured
by experience, before 1 should give my vote for
any of these measures, I would be very much
gratified to hear of some mode by which the small
holders of gold in California may not be subjected
to losses, which, though small individually, yet,
in the aggregate, make up a considerable sum.
Mr. HUNTER. Mr. President, the matter to
which the Senator from North Carolina alludes, is
one that will, of course, engage the attention of
the Finance Committee. To some extent, I think
the Senator's suggestion has been anticipated by
the notice which has been given by the Senator
from Missouri, that he will offer an amendment
to this bill establishing a branch mint in California.
I suspect the only difference of opinion in relation
to establishing something in California will be,
whether it should be a mint or an office of assay.
There is some difference of opinion as to that
point; but that something of the sort is necessary,
all will agree.
Mr. DAWSON. While Senators are making
suggestions to the Committee on Finance, permit
me to say a woid. The Senator from Louisiana,
[Mr. Downs] says there has been great embarrass-
ment in taking care of the public funds at New
Orleans—the revenues arising from "the customs at
that port—and it is said that no competent man
can be found to take charge of them, and give the
bonds which the Government requires. Now,
while the committee is corisideripg this question,
would it not be exceedingly proper that they should
examine into our financial airangements, and see
j whether it would not be proper, under existing
circumstances, to deposit the public funds, in
j some sections of the Union, in the banks. I
I understand that there is no sub-treasurer now in
| New Orleans, nor any one^who is willing to under-
take the duties of the office. For the safety of
those funds, I suggest that the committee examine
and see whether some amendment ought not to be
made to the existing law, so that, under certain
circumstances and in certain places, deposites may
be made in the banks. I submit to the Senator
from Louisiana whether the funds of this country
will not be exceedingly safe in the Bank of the
State of Louisiana, or in the Bank of New Or-
leans; and whether, under existing circumstances,
it would not be prudent and proper, on the part of
the Government, to make some arrangement so as
to secure these funds better than they are now se-
cured ? I concur most willingly with the Senator
from Louisiana, that the salary of $2,500 will j
not induce anybody to take the responsibility of !
keeping the revenues derived from customs and the j
receipts of the branch mint; hut, under these cir- j
cumstances, it is the part of wisdom and the part '
of sound policy to make as safe a deposit as can ■
be made of the public money; and 1 submit to the '
Committee on Finance whether it be not proper to !
examine seriously into the propriety of depositing"
the public money in some of the banks. ' ,,
Mr. DOWNS. I must say, in reply to the >'
Se-nator from Georgia, that, notwithstanding the
dhficulues that exist with reference to the m?nt in i!
New Orleans, I am not convinced of the necessity !
of a etiange in the law authorizing the deposit of II
money in the banks. I hope there will be a rem- i
euy for these evils, m a different way from what !j
the gentleman suggests. We have had m New
Orleans some serious lessons on the subject of
banks. At one time there were as many as six-
teen banks there. We have only three or four
now, and sad experience has taught us a lesson,
which i think will not soon be forgotten. Such
has been the effect on the public mind there, that
in the new constitution they have not only prohib-
ited the creation of new banks, but have also pro-
hibited the revival of the charters of any of the
old ones; and so far is this feeling carried, that
when the case of a bank was before the Legisla-
ture there, which has just closed its session, in
which, perhaps, more persons were interested
than in any other, and to whom the revival of its
charter would have been of great benefit, when
an opinion was given by some eminent members
of the bar that it had not forfeited its charier, and
an act was passed in conformity with this opinion,
yet so positive is the prohibition in the constitu-
tion, that the sanction of the Executive was with-
held from it. Whatever opinion may prevail
elsewhere with regard to the new principle against
the policy of banks, 113 I must call it, we in my
State consider deposits in them unsafe. The
larger proportion of the banking business, the ex-
change business, the deposit business, and other
banking business in that city, has been as well
done, and as much to the satisfaction of all con-
cerned, as it was ever done by the banks; so that
we consider the problem completely solved, that,
in a city like New Orleans, where an immense
and active trade exists, and where the exchanges
are immense, and transactions in every way are
immense, it is not necessary to have the assistance
of banks, and that we have done as well withont
them.
I am glad the gentleman has mentioned the sub-
ject, because I have had a sort of impression—I
hope it is not a correct one, but I must say the
gentleman's suggestion has not removed ii—that
there is not a disposition to correct the evils that
exist in the mint and treasury system, but to allow
; them to run 011. They have been increased, I fear
there is some reason to apprehend, in order that
the treasury system which has woiked so well,
may be discontinued, and the old, demolished,
unhappy, fatal system of banking may be restored;
and the idea that the funds of the Government and
of individuals can be safe nowhere else but in banks
is about to be revived. ]f there is any plan of that
kind in any branch of the Executive department
of this Government, or any other department, I
tell gentlemen now, beforehand, that it will meet
my most decided and emphatic, hostility. Though
my experience in relation to the banks of the
country generally has been little, it happens that
my experience in the affairs of the banks of my
own State is considerable. For a man of my ex-
perience m public life, I have had as good oppor-
tunities of examining and seeing, inall their phases,
the operations of the banks as any other public
man, and I think that the sound judgment of the
people of that Slate is decidedly against them. I
therefore consider it my imperative duty not to
sanction any course which will have a tendency to
throw us back to the ideas and practice of former
times. The minds of the community have become
enlightened on the subject, and a change has taken
place on the subject m most of the States, and
in some States banks are discarded altogether.
. 1 am not disposed, in consequence of any evils
[ which may be apprehended, to go back to the old
practice, nor do i think the Government of the
United Slates ought to do it. As other Adminis-
trations have had the means of carrying on the
affaiis of Government in spite of these evils, iet us
try to get on with our present difficulties, as I hope
the present Administration may; but, however that
may be, I hope we shall not yield to this banking
influence._ Anxious as I am that the mint should
go on at New Orleans, if it cannot be done without
putting the funds into the banks again, 1, for one,
shall oppose it.
Mr. DAWSON. I did not expect the few re-
marks i made would have called forth those obser-
vations from my friend from Louisiana. Xie
announced here, in the Senate, that the public
deposits ill New Orleans were unsafe; that the
Government could get no one to take the control
and management of them; that instead of seeking
for the office, each one was trying to avoid it; that
the incumbent had, time after time, attempted to
resign it; that officially he gave the Government
notice that on and after the first of April he would
