1910
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
Sept. 2i|
a e to §2,000 on the west side of the Rocky Moun-
tains, and 10 $1,000 on this side, be agreed to?
Tlmt is simply the question.
Mr. DICKLNSOi'f. There are perhaps two
question:) piesenued. The first is on striking out"
the provision restricting the amount of mileage to
$1,000 on this side, and $2,000 on the other side
of the Rocky Mountains. This is the question on
which I now ask a vote; the other 1 have not
raised, and shall leave it to sonrve other Senator to
do so. I allude to the following provision: _
" Nor shall any member of the Senate receive mileage for
any session of that body which may he called within thirty
days after the adjournment of both Houses of Congress,
unless the travel' for winch such mileage is charged has
been actually performed."
Mr. WALKER, In order that there may be no
further misunderstandingon the subject, I wiil read
what it is proposed to strike out. [Mr. VV. then
read the clause as moved to be strickanout by Mr.
Dickinson.]
Mr. BERRIEN moved to strike out all of the
provision.
A debate ensued, in which Messrs. BADGER,
BERRIEN, CHASE, DOUGLAS, EWijSG,
BUTLER, CASS, and HALE participated, and
which will be tound in the Appendix.
The question was then taken on striking out the
first clause, and the yeas and nays being ordered
and taken, the result was as follows:
YEAS—Messrs. Atchison, Badger, Bell, Benton,Cooper,
Davis of Mississippi, Dickinson, Dodge ot Iowa, Douglas,
Downs, Foote, Greene, Houston, Hunter, Jone , Mangum,
Mnson, Rusk, Sebastian, Smith, Soul£, Sturgeon, Walker,
and Yulee—24.
NAYS—Messrs. Barnwell, Berrien, Bright, Butler, Cass,
Chase, Clarke, Clay, Diwson, Dodge 0fWk n«in, Ewmg,
Felfh, Gwin, Hale, Hamlin, King, Morton, Norris, Seward,
"Spruance, Undei wood, Wales, and Winthiop—23.
So the motion to strike out was agreed to.
Tj?e question was then taken on striking out the
second proviso, in part, as follows:
« Jlnd provided, further, That no member of either branch
of Congress*, residing east of the Rocky Mountains, >hn!l i e-
cfive morp than one thousand dollars mileage lor each ses-
sion, and no such member or delegate residing wen of the
Rocky Mountains shall receive more than ivvo thousand dol-
lars mileage for each session."
The yeas and nays having been ordered, they
were taken, with the Following result:
YEAS-Messrs. Atchison, Badger, Barn wellfc Bell, Ben-
ton, Bright, Butler, Cass, Claike, Cooper, Divis of Missis-
sippi, Dickinson, Dodge of Wisconsin, Dodge of Iowa,
Douglas, Downs, Ewine, NPelch, Fonje, Filmont, Greene,
Gwin, Hale, Houston, Hunter, Mangnm, Mason, Morton,
Pearce, Rusk, Sebastian, Smith, S011I6, Stuigeon, Walker,
and Yulee—33. •
NAYS—Messrs. Bemen, Chase, Clay, Dnwon, Hamlin,
Norris, Seward, Spruance, Undet wood, Wales, and Wm-
throp—11.
Mr. BADGER. I now move to strike out the
remaining portion of that proviso, it is in these
•words:
"Nor shall any member of the Senate receive mileage
for any session of that body which may be called wnhin
thirty days after the adjournment of both Houses of Con-
gress, unless the travel for which such mileage is charged
lias actually been performed."
This amendment was debated by Messrs.
BADGER, CLAY, DICKINSON, E WING, and
MASON.
Mr. EWfNG. I would propose to amend the
provision before the vote is taken on striking it
out so that U will read as follows:
"Nor shall any member of the Senate receive an amount
of mileage for any session of that body which may be called
within thirty days after the adjournment 01 both Houses of
Congress, exceeding the per diem lot membi is for the time
which shall accrue between the regular and the called ses-
sion."
The question being taken on the amendment to
the amendment, it was rejected.
The question then lecurred on the motion to
amend the bill by striking out the clause as pro-
posed by the Senator from North Carolina.
Mr- SEWARD. On that question I ask the
yeas and nays.
The yeas and nays were not ordered. A divis-
ion being called for, the Presiding Officer de-
clared there were for the motion to strike out 23.
Mr. BENTON. From the company in which
I find myself, I very much doubt whether I know
my own vote. [Laughter.]
Mr. CLAY. I hope we may have the yeas
and nays. * *
Mr. BENTON. I believe the question is to
strike out the clause as it came from the House of
Representatives. 1 am against striking it out, and
I voted for striking it out. It is a mistake sir; that
is all. [Laughter.]
The PRESIDING OFFICER. That will make
the ayes 22.
Mr. HALE. No, sir, no; it makes them 24.
Mr. CLAY. I hope we shall have the yeas
and nays.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
Mr. CASS. Those who vote for striking out
the clause, vote, as 1 understand it, for keeping up
the system of constructive mileage. Is that so?
Several Senators. Yes, yes!
The yeas and nays being taken on the motion,
resulted as follows:
YEAS—Messrs. Atchison,Badger, Berrien, Clark*1, Davis
of Massachusetts, Davis of Mississippi, Daiglas, Downs,
Foote, Greene, Gwin, Hale, Houston, Jones, Maugum,
Morton, Ninris, Itusk, Sebastian, Soul^, and Yulee—21.
NAYS—Messrs. Barnweti, Bell, Benton, Bright, Butler,
Cass, Chase, Clay, Dawson, Dayton, Dickinson, Dodge of I
Wi-iConsin, Dodge ot Iowa, ISwmg, Fetch, Hamlin, Hunter, |
officer in the discharge of the duties which the law
has imposed upon him. And on the very question
involved in the last amendment offered by the
Senator from North Carolina, with whom I then
voted, I concurred with him, because then,as now*
I intended to adhere to the law as it exists, and
the practice untfer it.
The question was then taken on the amend-
ment, and it was adopted.
Mr. HAMLIN, i have been instructed by the
Committee on Commerce to offer the following
amendment:
" For providing surf-lmats, life-boats, and other means fo*
the preservaiion of life, and prope.rty shipwrecked on the
coast of the United States, ten thousand dollais, to be ex-
pended under the control and direction of the Secretary of
the Treasury."
This is a matter whichr the Committee on Com-
Kmg, Mason, Pearce, Seward, Smith, Spruance, Under- j| rncrce have thoroughly considered. It has been
wood, Wales, Walker, Whitcomb,and Wiuthrop—28. I; tjje praclice for the last few years to appropriate
that sum as auxiliary to the light-house system.
So the motion to strike out was rejected.
Mr. BADGER. I move an amendment, which
I wish to have come in at the twelfth line, after
the word "dollars.** I ask the attention ot' the
Senate while 1 siate the ne<essity for it. By the
third section of the act of 1818, fixing the compen-
sation of members of Congress, it is provided:
"That the said compensa'ion winch shall be due to the >
members of the Seriate, shall be ceitifiod by the President i
thereof; and mat which shall be due to the Representatives J
and Deleg.ites'shall be certified by the Speaker; and iho >
sam« fchail be p-is-ed as public accounts, and paid out of the ;
public Tieasuty." j
It is, I think, sufficiently manifest from these j
words, that the decisions made by the respective •
presiding officers of the two Houses were intended \
oy law to be conclusive upon the subject of the j
amount of compensation due to the members of;
It has been found very serviceable, and has been
the means of saving many lives. I have no more
to say.
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. HAMLIN. I have another amendment,
as follows:
" For finishing and aUering rooia* in the custom-house,
Portlai d, Maine, lor the accommodation of the federal
eon its, clerks oi the disUict and circuit courts, and marshal's __
office, &c., three thousand and thuty-one dollars and sev-
enty cents."
I hold in my hand estimates signed by the judge
of the district court, and by the clerks of the dis-
trict and citcuit courts, and by the marshal of the
district, and the attorney general of Maine, stating
that the building was purchased for a custom-
their respective Houses; because the law declares |j house, and was denominated a building for that
. .1 . f I 1 11 I .1 H TUij d/-.irai'nyvicnt hAiilPUPr nlVPfl rnntTIS3
that the accounts so certified shall be passed as j
public accounts, and shall be paid out of the p blic
Treasury. It is known to us all, Mr. President,
that the accounts of the Secretary of the Senate,
the disbursing officer of this body, have been sus-
pended by a decision of the Treasury Department,
and it has refused to close his account*, on the
ground that one of the officers ot the Treasury
Department has undertaken to reexamine and le-
vise the decision made by our presiding officer;
'to go behind his certificate, and decide that the
sum said to be due upon the certificate was not
due. 1 wish to say this, that I think this is a
point upon which there cannot beany difference
of opinion. The law made that certificate bind-
ing upon our disbursing officer; he was bound to
pay according to the certificate. Well, if he was
bound to pay according to the certificate, u is as
clear as any conclusion in logic that he is entitled
to have the credit for the payment made accord-
ingly. There are difficulties into which I do not
now propose to enter, m having that question set-
tled by the head of the Treasury Oepaitment, in
going behind the certificate of our presiding officer,
and making the Secretary a defaulter for paying
what he was bound by law to pay. Whether the
payment was right or wrong, it was right on the
part of the Secretary, because he was bound to go
by the certificate, i therefore introduce this de-
puipose. The Government, however, hired rooms
111 the same building for court-rooms, and paid a
rent of about three thousand dollars; &o that the
building was appropriated to these various- pur-
poses. The whole amount is only a little more .
than $3,000, whicn was the sum heretofore paid
for rent. The matter went before the Committee
on Finance, but, as it connected court-rooms with
custom-houses, it was not reported by that com-
mittee, although it had their approbation.
Mr. HUNTER. We have already made ap-
propiiations for custom-houses in Maine, and I
fear that we shall overload the bill if we go on ad-
ding item after item not estimated for by the
department.
Mr. HAMLIN. The Senator is right. The
letter which I hold in my hand was signed in
May, 1850, long after the estimates were made.
The labor has been peformed, and the question is
whether those who have earned this sum, by tbo
labor of their own hands shall receive their pay ?
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. HAMLIN. I have another amendment,
to come in at line 418:
" For balance due the acting naval storekeeper at Spez-
zia, in Sardinia. §3,000."
I hold in my hand a letter from the Secretary of
the Navy Department, who states that this indi-
vidual performed the duties of a naval storekeeper
clarato'-y provision, to be inserted after the word ij for three years, and ateo the duties o* a clerk, and
" ' *• ' * 'I was paid for discharging the duties of a clerk, bufc
t not those of a storekeeper. The law is very clear
I that where one man discharges the duties of two
! offices he shall have pay for only one of them, and
j that of the highest grade. Ho was paid six hun-
1 dred dollars instead of fifteen hundred, which was
J the salary for the highest grade,
j Mr. DICKINSON. It seems to me this is a
! private claim entirely, and should not come into
; this bill; for it does not contemplate the payment
; of claims of that kind.
j The amendment was not agreed to.
i Mr. HAMLIN. I have another amendment,
' to come in after line 1,013: .
; « That the proper accounting officers of the Treasury be,
' and thev are hereby, authorized and directed to J-cpiidate
and settle the claims of the States of Maine and Georgia
dollars " in the twelfth line
" And it 1-5 hereby declared, that according to the hue in-
terpretation ol the thud section ol the act, entitled 'An Act
allowing compensation to the members ot the Senate, mem-
bers ot Uie Hou^e of Representatives ol the United States,
and to the delegates ot the Territories, and repealing ail
other laws on that subject,5 approved 22d Jat.uaiv, ibl 8,
all certificates which have been or may be granted by the
presiding officers of the Senate and House of Representa-
tive'!, respectively, of the amount of compensation due 10
the membeis of their several Houses, and to such delegates,
are, and oueht to he deemed, held and taken, and are hereby
declared to be, conclusive upon all the departments and
officers of the Government of the Unittd States "
Mr. DAVIS, of Mississippi. I shall vote for
this amendment upon exactly the same principle
that I voted for the last; and that is, to adhere to
the law as it exists. I should be quite willing to
change the law, as was contemplated by the bill oli„   -
which came from the House; that is to say, against '! for interest on money horiowed, and actually paid by said
constructive mileage. I should have no objection H Stales, respectively, and actually expended '",^e
1 , ■ _ .l . rc 1 1 . 1 1 , ' . • ' heuetit ot the United States, the principal ol which na 
to a law having that effect; but I do object to this refunded bvfhe United States to said States of Maine and
indirect mode of reaching it, as I also do object to Georgia; and that the ««m of §150,000 be, and hereby is,-
this indirect mode of disallowing the accounts of appropriated out of the Tieasury ior said purpose."
an officer who is compelled to settle those accounts j; Mr. DICKINSON. I really hope that amend-
in a certain mode provided by law. If there be j ment will not be adopted. 1 fear we have already
any different mode proposed I should be quite will- j attached to this bill more than can be carried
ing to legislate so as to change the present prac- through the other House.
tice; but I consider myself obliged to sustain an i Mr. HAMLIN. This is money which is acta-
