THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
PUBLISHED AT WASHINGTON, BY JOHN C. RIVES.—TERMS f3 FOR THIS SESSION.
31st Congress, 1st Session.
SATURDAY, APRIL 27, 1850.
'New Series..-.. No.
resign, and that there would be no officer to take
charge of the public deposits.
I rose in my place to suggest the propriety of
the Committee on Finance examining the subject,
and seeing whether, in particular places, and under
particular circumstances, the public safety did not
require them to consider whether it would not be
prudent to place the funds in banking institutions ?
Now, sir, where is the error in all that? Instead
of meeting the issue, instead of coming up and
saying that we can get a man by increasing the'
salary to five thousand dollars, or, if that be not
sufficient, to ten thousand dollars, for a man com-
petent to take charge of the business, he makes
no suggestion of the kind, hut speaks of the pres-
ent existing difficulty. When I ask the Commit-
tee on Finance whether temporarily, under existing
circumstances, in particular places, the public
security doesnot demand that this money should
be deposited in some banks or some place of secu-
rity, he goes off on some of the old party issues.
Sir, that was not the object i had in view in
making these suggestions. It was to lead to some
practical and beneficial result, with a view to se-
cure the public interest and the public funds.
Now, where is the impropriety in all this? And
I submit to him, notwithstanding his experience
in banking institutions, notwithstanding they have
become so exceedingly unpopular in his State, I
venture the prediction that if he had a larger
amount of money than he would desire to carry
about his person, he would prefer depositing it in
a bank rather than with an individual. Now,
where is the harm of the Governmentdoing, under
existing- circumstances, in New Orleans precisely
what any wise man would do under the same cir-
cumstances? Why should this suggestion create
difficulties ? Why should it revive party questions
on old issues? As I understand the present dif-
ficulty, in the event of this Congress adjourning
without action <3n the subject, and the money be
left without provision being made for its security,
what would be said of the protection of the public
interests? Now, I repeat-, that it is the part of
wisdom, and of duty, if the puttie money accu-
mulates to the amount of one, two, or three mil-
lions, with nobody to take care of it, no bond to
protect it from the ha^ds of individuals, to make
some other arrangement. And shall we be di-
verted from this duty by party issues, which are
deadr and I hope buried ? Certainly not. It is
not my practice, nor my course, to create issues.
Here is an immediate necessity, calling for imme-
diate attention, and I merely suggested to the
Committee on Finance to make some provision to
meet temporary inconveniences, if the so called
" sub-treasury system" should be found to work
well, I will lend my aid at ail times to improve it,
and to test its capacity for carrying on the finan-
cial operations of this Government. But the mo-
ment I discover it is incompetent to discharge the;e
high duties, I will abandon it, and go against it.
Mr. HUNTER. The committee will doubtless
consider whatever the Senate may submit to them
for their consideration; and not only that, but they
will receive with respect any suggestions which
individual Senators may make to them. But it
seems to me that, although the Senator from
Georgia did not intend to raise this old party
question, yet the suggestion he made could have
no other tendency. How could we make a de-
posit in a bank without at once departing from
the sub-treasury system, and acknowledging that
the policy which we believe has worked so well
should be departed from ? It will take much less
time to improve the present system, and remedy
the evils that exist under it, than to make an entire
change; and I have no doubt that a remedy may
be made with much less trouble than to undertake
to alter the whole system of finance; indeed, I
have no doubt it may be so remedied that it will
work admirably, and I hope the Congress of the
United States will be found willing to apply this
remedy. It seems to me to be a small matter, and
one that can easily be remedied by legislating on
a particular bill.
Mr. WEBSTER. The Senate will observe
52
that my resolution now under consideration re-
spects simply the increase of the operations of the
mint. I should be very unwilling to be drawn
into the discussion at this time of any of the ques-
tions respecting the general financial operations of
the country, modifications ofthesub-treasury plan,
or anything else. Here is a present existing evil,
of considerable magnitude, and easily remedied,
j The law provides a remedy for it to a certain
] extent. One part of the proposition certainly, if
it receives the sanction of the Government, can be
adopted immediately, and that is to increase the
quantity of coin in the mint to be exchanged for
bullion. Another, at the suggestion of the hon-
orable member from North Carolina, is to estab-
lish an office of assay in California; and it is a
thing which can be done, and ought to be done
without any considerable delay. But for the
present I trust we shall confine our attention to
the subject of coin, as that is the immediate ques-
tion before us, and is one which I think requires
time'y action on the part of the Government.
Mr. DOWNS. I certainly, Mr. President, had
no intention of charging the gentleman from
Georgia with unnecessarily bringing before the
Senale the old question to which he referred; but
1 think he will, when he considers the matter, come
to she conclusion that he has made a remark which
was uncalled for. It is true, there has be«n diffi-
culties in the mint at New Orleans, but I am not
sure that they cannot be remedied, temporarily at
least, without legislation. The Secretary of the
Treasury had notice long ago that this officer of
the mint intended to resign, and that if no successor
was appointed he should close the office on the
last of March.
Notwithstanding that, sir, no appointment was
made until the time had expired. Of course some de-
lay was necessarily mcuried before the officer could
qualify so as to fill his place. That appointment has
been made some ten days or more. Other difficul-
ties are in the way, which 1 think might have been
removed. The Government was assured before- i
hand that the person could not and would not give !
bond above a certain amount. There is a discre-
tionary power resting with the Secretary of the
Treasury to fix these bonds at a certain amount
The whole delegation of Louisiana a few days ago
recommended that, for temporary purposes, this
amount should be reduced. That has not been
done; the office of the treasurer of the mint is shut
up, doubtless with a view to protect the public in-
terest; but still, sir, it must be said, and f wish to
say it, that the mint is not now closed in conse-
quence of the nature of the law, but in conse-
quence of the inaction of the Government here,
1 do not throw any censure upon them; it is per-
haps out of abundant caution; still the great
complaint which I get in letters is, that there is
want of action here.
Now, Mr. President, although I am not disposed
to be very suspicious, yet, laboring under leelings
of this kind, 1 must suppose, from the suggestion
of the Senator from Georgia, that there \fras a dis-
position to abandon the sub-treasury system, and
return to the old system of banking. That part of
the gentleman's observations, however, I think
have been well answered by the Senator from
Virginia, [Mr. Hunter.] The remedy which I
propose is, that the salary of the officer shall be in-
creased. This will not require a very large sum.
Perhaps four or five thousand dollais would secure
the services of an officer who would discharge all
the duties of the office; that could easily be
adopted.
In the mean time I must say, and I regret to say
it, that I do not consider the public funds safe in
New Orleans now, because there is no legal place
of deposit. But that is not the fault of the law;
the fault lies elsewhere. If the subtreasurer of the
mint had been appointed in due season, and then,
when it was found impracticable that he should
give his bond in the way prescribed, the modifica-
tion had been made, the evil of a vacancy would
have been remedied. But this was not done, and
as long as it was not done, and the evil exists, I
wish it to be understood that the evil lies here.
Mr. DAWSON. I decline to enter into any
controversy on this subject; but it is said that the
fault is somewhere, and it is implied that it is in
the office of the Treasury. Now, there is one
proposition suggested by way of a remedy. As
the amount of the deposits in the subtreasury at
New Orleans increases, the Senator from Louisiana
proposes to diminish the bonds. I thought that,
as the amount increased, we should increase the
security by bond; but here it is held as a charge
against the Government that they have not dimin-
ished the bond. Now, I submit, in propriety and
justice to all men and all parlies, whether, if the
present Administration had diminished that bond,
and there had been a failure-or defalcation, it would
not have been said that the Administration had
acted incorrectly, and that they ought to have
increased the bond, in their discretion, as the
amount of deposits increased? What is a bond of
$50,000 for the sake of two and a half millions ?
What is a bond of $200,000 to a deposit of
§3,000,000, which is often found there? And yet
the fault is somewhere, because the bond was not
diminished from §200,000 down, so as to induce
somebody to accept the office. The object of the
law is to secure the public funds.
It is said that the fault is somewhere. Really
it seems to me there is a great want of mag-
nanimity and liberality toward this Government.
It is said that this Government was notified that
the incumbcnt of that office, the subtreasurer in
the ciiy of New Orleans, would absolutely resign
fiom and after the last day of March, and that
there must be a new appointment by.the Gov-
ernment, but that it was not made. Now* sir,
before we make charges calculated to impute a
want of energy or a want of attention to public
duties by the public agents, whether the Presi-
dent or others, we ought to understand precisely
the condition and the grounds upon which we are
acting. The President of the United States made
the nomination about the middle of March, and
sent it to us for confirmation. Whose fault was
it, then, that the nomination of the President
was not taken up and acted upon in time? He has
discharged his duty. The fault is here with us.
Mr. DOWNS. Will the gentleman allow me
to state that I did not know when the nomination
was sent in. As soon as it was mentioned to me
by the chairman of the Committee on Finance, I
took the first moment that I could to urge that
it be taken up.
Mr. DAWSON. I have no doubt the Presi-
dent discharged his duty with ability and pro-
priety. All that I claim is that justice should be
done to others as well as to him. The nomina-
tion was sent in about the 15th of March, and was
not taken up till the 10th of April; and yet the
fault is somewhere, and it must go before the
country that this Administration did not take meas-
ures to fill the vacancy, and is censurable in the
judgment of the people, when the Chief Magis-
trate has not only discharged his duty expedi-
tiously, but remarkably so, and the fault is with
us; with which part of us it is not for me to say.
All I want is to have the world know what we
are at; and when we go wrong, whether it be my
party or the othgr, let the world and our con-
stituency understand it; and when we act right,
let justice be (lone, whether the action be that of
Whigs or Democrats.
One word further. The President has, we
know, a heart that is honest, a resolution that is
firm, and a patriotism that urges him nobly to the
discharge of every duty incumbent upon him, to
the best of his powers and ability; and when we
undertake to censure him, we ought to look care-
fully, because when an honest man like him, sim-
ple and unadulterated by the influence of party,
which we have all acted under for years, acts, he
will act right, and will discharge his duty when
he knows there is a duty to be performed.
He has done'his duty here, and in due time;
and when it is said the fault is somewhere, let us
take it to ourselves; for the fault is in this body.
Let not the Executive be blamed; and I am sure
that the Senator from Louisiana, if he understood
