1850.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
IM1
ally due to the States of" Maine and Georgia, as
much so as the appropriations made in conformity
with the laws already existing. The Senate have
considered these claims, and have passed bills al-
lowing them during the present session. Unless
these claims are incorporated in this bill, there will
not be a possibility of their receiving the joint ac-
tion of the two Houses during the present session.
As thare is no question that the claims are now
actually due, I hope the amendment may be adopt-
ed.
Mr. DICKINSON. We shall not be able to
get this bill through the other House unless we
keep our appropriations somewhere within gun-
shot of what strictly belongs to an appropriation
bill.
Mr. NORRIS. I move to insert as an amend-
ment to the amendment the words, " and New
Hampshire," after the word " Georgia."
Mr. HAMLIN. I accept the amendment as a
part of my amendment.
Mr. DAWSON. I wish to inquire if any bill
has passed the Senate in favor of New Hamp-
shire?
Mr. HALE. It has been considered and recom-
mended by a committee
Mr. DAWSON. This money belongs to us,
and the present is a time when w'e need it. 1 trust
that, inasmuch as the Senate have passed a bill
allowing it, the payment will be no longer delayed.
■-I regret that the chairman of the Committee on
Finance opposes its being put into this bill. If
he had not done so we should have passed it be-
fore this time. I did not present the amendment
myself, but I trust it may be adopted.
Mr. FOOTE. I simply rise to propound a
question to the Senator from Georgia, for on his
response will depend my vote on this question. I
understand this to be a proposition to bring about
an adjustment between the State of Georgia and
this Government. Now, I wish to know whether
Georgia is an adjustment State? [Laughter.]
Mr. DAWSON. It is decidedly so.
Mr. DICKINSON. This is entirely inappro-
priate in this bill. If committees have approved
the claim, let them bring in a bill for the payment
of the claim. We cannot adopt it in this appro-
priation bill; for it appears to me to be reversing
the whole theory of an appropriation bill. Be-
sides, we want time to discuss it;and this is a ques-
tion which really requires mature deliberation. If
a bill is brought in, it has to be read three different
times on three different days, and is to be passed
for its merit or rejected for its want of merit. But
here it is attempted to be placed in an appropri-
ation bill, and, if agreed to as an amendment, will
be fastened on the bill.
Mr. BERRIEN. I do not design to occupy the
time of the Senate but a moment, but there is
something so potential in the resistance offered by
the chairman of the Committee on Finance, that f
beg to say to him that these claims of Georgia and
Maine are precisely in the same condition in which
he desires they should be. They are cases which
have not merely passed through a committee, but
cases which have been considered in the Senate,
and especially by the Senator from New York, the
chairman of the committee. In relation to the
claim of Georgia, the question was fully discussed
between that honorable Senator and myself. He-
professed himself entirely satisfied with the evi-
dence upon which the claim was presented, and
united with us in voting for the bill.
Now, the only motive for asking that it be
adopted as an amendment is, that, from the late
period of the session, we have no other hope of
getting our claim before the House. It cannot em-
barrass the appropriation bill, for the evidence is
conclusive to show that the principal has been paid
by the United States, and that the States paid the
interest on the money which they advanced to the
United States. I hope the chairman will withdraw
his opposition.
Mr. DICKINSON. I am not discussing the
merits of these claims, nor will I. I know they
have been before the Senate. It is sufficient for
me that they have not been asked for by any de-
partment of this Government, and that they are
not required nor authorized by any existing law
or treaty, or necessary to carry out anything of
that kind. It is, as the Senator states, a claim
Xinst the allowance of which in itself I have no
^action; but it is my duty to keep this bill as
nearly as possible within the limits of the present
exigencies of the public service. If these claims
are right, I will go for them in a separate bill.
Mr. BERRIEN. It is very severe upon the
parties interested in these claims, that the objec-
tion should be made, and that it is necessary to
discuss this question; for the necessity for that
discussion was crcated by the opposition of the
chairman of the Committee on Finance. He
creates the necessity, and then objects to them on
the very ground ofa necessity of his own creation.
Sir, the Senate are advised of the merits of these
several claims, and have unanimously acted upon
them, and have approved the several allowances.
As these.bills have passed the Senate without ob-
jection, I wish to ask the chairman of the com-
] mittee whether, even supposing they cannot be
1 sjot up in the House, the unanimous vote of the
| Senate of the United States is not equal to an es-
timate of a department? Are we less entitled to
credit than an officer of a department who pre-
sents to us an estimate? I will not take up the
time of the Senate by such an inquiry.
Mr. HAMLIN. In addition to what has been
so well said by the Senator from Georgia, I wish
simply to say that both of these claims repose
upon principles precisely similar to those which
have been recognized in the case of some ten dif-
ferent States.
Mr. BRIGHT. The honorable Senator from
New York is not alone in his opposition to the
fixing of these private claims upon an appropri-
ation bill. I shall assist him in every effort which
he may make to exclude these private claims as
amendments to a general appropriation bill. Sir,
we have had some sad lessons op this subject
This same principle has given to public men and
to the public press of this country a great deal of
trouble and labor. It is the most unsafe way that
can possibly be resorted to for the adjustment of
claims. It is a precedent fraught with danger.
Mr. BERRIEN. Will the Senator from Indi-
ana explain what he means?
Mr. BRIGHT. I refer to the claim which was
paid by the late Secretary of War—the Galphin
claim, as it is called.
Mr. BERRIEN. The Senator from Indiana
will allow me to say, in the first place, that that
claim was acted upon by a separate bill. There
was a bill introduced here and reported by the Ju-
duciary Committee; and the claim was allowed by
the passage of that bill. He will also allow me, in
the second place, to say that the claim is from
South Carolina and not from Georgia.
Mr. BRIGHT. That does not alter the princi-
ple against which I contend. It was a claim of
interest; and there are various other claims of a
similar character before this body. If the amend-
ment of the Senator prevails, there are other Sen-
ators who have bills in charge who will be com-
pelled to move them as amendments to the general
appropriation bill. I shall not vote for them, for
the reason that I desire to protect the public Trea.-
sury from such claims. Many of them undoubt-
edly may have merit; and when 1 find that they
have I will vote for them. 1 am in favor of pass-
ing laws for the allowance of all just claims: but I
am unwilling to have claims of this amount fixed
upon an appropriation bill, and be compelled to
say " yes" or " no" to them before I can fully un-
derstand them. The interests of the Government
require of us that, before voting away the public
money, we should know why we do it. These
claims may be good. I say nothing about their I
merit or demerit; but I object to the principle of ;
attaching them to a general appropriation bill; and !
if this rule had been observed for the last two or ;
three years, our Treasury would be in a much .
better condition than it is at present. i
Mr. BUTLER. My friend from Georgia says
that this Galphin claim was a South Carolina claim. '■
One thing is very certain, that a great deal of the
money has gone to Georgia. It is a Georgia
claim, sir; and Georgia has got the money. Where
did the claim originate? Where did Galphin live?
Why, in Georgia.
Mr. BERRIEN. The claim originated in a
treaty of the United States, which was in favor of j
a trader who owned property both in South Caro- j
lina and Georgia; but he lived and died in South j
Carolina; and his executor who presented the claim j
here lives in South Carolina at this day,
Mr. BRIGHT. I did not intend to charge the
paternity of any particular claim to a State which
was not entitled to it. Public opinion had assigned
the claim to Georgia, and I am glad that the Sen-
ator from South Carolina has confirmed me in that
opinion. 1 -
Mr. BUTLER. Yes, and I will confirm it*again.
The PRESIDENT. This question is notbefore
the Senate.
Mr. BUTLER. I wish to say only one word.
The PRESIDENT. The Chair will indulge
the Senator.
Mr. BUTLER. Old George Galphin was atl
Indian agent, and he made his money in Georgia.
' All his operations were in Georgia. His Indian
agencies were in Georgia; and 1 again repeat that
—I believe we divided pretty equally the money,
i, [Roars of laughter.]
j! Mr. CASS. I really like to hear these disclaim-
jj ers on both sides. I hope gentlemen may be al-
!| lowed to proceed.
j; Mr. DOUGLAS. I hope the amendment will
be withdrawn until the Commute on Finance get
1 through with their own amendments.
The question was then taken on the amendment,
and it was rejected.
Mr. HALE. I have an amendment which I
wish to offer as an additional section, to come in
after line 1198:
" That the Secretary of the Treasury be authorized and
directed to adjust and settle tfce claim submitted by the legal
tepiesentanvts of Lieutenant Robert L. Browning, late of
the United States navy, deceased, for a share of the pro-
ceeds of the sale of the schooner Oregon and cargo, seized
and confiscated in the month of April, 1848, under the Pres-
ident's regulations of the 1st of March, 1847, at the port of
Tampico, during the war with Mexico, arid to pay the
amount of said claim out of any moneys in the Treasury
arming from military contribution?, collected in pursuance
| of the regulations of the President belore referred to : Pro-
! vided, Thar before any money is paid m this case, any claim
j submitted by the owners of the vessel before mentioned for
| the remission of the penalty and payment of the proceeds
I under the confiscation shall first be duly examined and de-
| cided by the Secretary of the Ttea«ury under the directions
, of the President of the United States."
I The amendment was agreed to.
J Mr. DOUGLAS. Since the passage of the civil
| and diplomatic appropriation bill in the House of
j Representatives, the bill for the establishment of a
| territorial government in New Mexico has become
a law, and it is necessary, therefore, to put into
this bill an appropriation to comply with the iaw
as passed. The act requires the same amount of
money which has heretofore been appropriated for
the establishment of territorial governments. I
offer the amendment in compliance with the wish
of the chairman of the Committee of Finance. It
is to come in line 548:
" For salaries of governor and superintendent of Indian
Affairs, threejudges, and secretary, §-9,700.
" For contingent expenses of said Territory, $1,000.
" For compensation and mileage of members of legislative
assembly, clerks, officeis, and contingent expenses of the
assemhl}. £04,0 0. *
" For library for said Territory, $5,000 : Provide^ That
the library fur the Territories of New Mexico and Utah
shall l>e putchased by agents to be appointed by the President
of the United .--tates.
"For oublic buildings for the Territory of New Mexico,
$20,000  
Mr HUNTER. I would suggest to the Sen-
ator from Illinois whether $24 ,000 is not a large
appropriation for New Mexico?
Mr. DOUGLAS. It is the same as the estimate
for each of the Territories of Minnesota and Ore-
gon; and as the duties of the first territorial legis-
lature of New Mexico will certainly be more labo-
rious than those which succeed them, 1 have taken
the same sum which was fixed upon for the Terri-
tory I have named; and they are fixed by law.
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. DICKINSON. The papers in regard to
continuing the construction of the custom-house at
Savannah, in Georgia, were mislaid when this bill
was under consideration by the committee. A
duplicate has just been sent down by the Secre-
tary of the Treasury, by which fifteen thousand
dollars are asked for, for continuing the construc-
tion of that building. I move to insert after line
996:
" For continuing the construction of the custom-house at
Savannah, in Georgia, §15,000."
Mr. WINTHROP. I move to amend the bill
in line 634 by striking out the word " four " and
^Jerting " five."
If the chairman of the Committee on Finance
will do me the favor to give his attention for a mo-
ment, I think he will concur in the amendment.
The bill provides "for completing the light-house
on Minot's rock, Boston harbor, four thousand
dollars." This is tto under-eetimate for the com-
