1912
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
Scpt 2'l',
pletion of that very essential work. It is one of
the most exposed light-houses we have, and it is
by no means improbable that on this difference of
a thousand dollars will depend whether the portion
of the work already completed will stand during
the coming winter. The amendment is recom-
mended by the Secretary of the Treasury.
Mr. DICKINSON. Not being satisfied about
this, I went myself to the Treasury Department,
and to the heads of the Topographical Bureau;
and they assured me that it was absolutely neces-
sary.
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. KING. 1 ask the attention of the Senate
to an amendment which I propose to come in at
line 974. It is to change the amount of the appro-
priation which is made in that section of the bill, by
striking out "fifty," and inserting " one hundred."
The appropriation is made for the purchase of a
site and the erection of a new custom-house at
S Mobile, and for the purchase of a lot on which it
is to be built. It is to contain rooms for the ac-
commodation of the post office, and also for the dis-
trictcourt of the United States. It must be ap-
parent to every Senator, that it is utterly impossi-
ble to purchase a lot and erect such a building as
will answer the purpose of that city, the largest in
the amount of its commercial business of any city
south of Baltimore, except New Orleans. The
appropriation in the bill for the continuation of the
custom-house in Charleston, is a hundred thousand
dollars. We appropriated last session a hundred
thousand dollars for the purchase of a lot there.
All I ask of Congress is, to give us a hundred
thousand dollars, which is to be applied both for
the purchase of a lot and the erection of a building.
Even with that appropriation, we shall only be
able to erect a very inferior building; but as I am
not disposed to ask for extravagant appropriations,
I hope this amendment will be agreed to.
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. KING. There is a proviso in relation to
this appropriation that is not contained in any other
appropriation for a like purpose. And although I
trust that it will not be necessary to make any fur-
ther appropriation for this building, yet inasmuch
as it seems to be drawing an invidious distinction
between that city and others, 'Where no such pro-
vision has been made, I move to strike out the pro-
viso:
«Provided, Th4t the plan of the building shall be such
that the whole cost both of building and site, shall in no
event exceed the appropriation hereby made,"
Mr. DICKINSON.' 1 believe there are several
casses in the bill where such provisoes are made.
Mr. KING. These limitations have been made
only in cases where appropriations have been
asked for year after year, for continuing or extend-
ing these buildings. This is the first appropriation
for such a building at Mobile, and I believe there
are no other eases in which the first appropriation
has been limited by such a proviso.
Mr. DICKINSON. There was a limitation in
the appropriation made for the erection of a custom-
house at San Francisco.
Mr. KING. 1 do not intend to press this mat-
ter,and I will withdraw the motion. But inasmuch
as appropriations have been rcmde for the construc-
tion,of rooms for holding the district courts of the
United States, I offer the following amendment:
" For constructing, in the city of Montgomery, Alabama,
a court-room for the district court of the United States, and
for a post office, $15,000." '
Mr. FOOTE offered the following as an amend-
ment to the amendment:
" And a like sum of $15,000 for a like purpose for each of
the Stales of the Union, at the capital of which a court-
house and post office have not been built at the expense of
the Umted Stales."
The amendment to the amendment was rejected.
The amendment was also rejected.
Mr. WALKER. I move to amend the bill by
adding the following at line 1135:
" For the f-alary of John Cdtiin, as secretary and acting
governor of Wisconsin Territory, from tbe lOttl day of
June, 1848, to the 4th day of March, 1849, bein? eight months
and twenty-two days, at the rate of S2,5'J0 per annum,
$1,828 77."
The amendment was agreed to. gm
Mr. SOULE. I have been reminded by my
colleague in the other House—the member from
the first congressional district of Lousiana, [Mr.
La Sere]—that through a mistaken conception, on
the part of the Committee of Ways and Means,
of the requisition made by the Treasury Depart-
ment for the custom-house now in progress of
construction at New Orleans, a sum of one hundred
thousand dollars only has been appropriated by
the bill before us. I hold in my hand a note ex-
planatory of that error, which the chairman of the
Committee of Ways and Means in,the other
House [Mr. Bayly] has addressed to the chair-
man of the Committee on Finance of the Senate.
The fact is, that the appropriation, as it stands,
would hardly be sufficient to pay an outstanding
bill for granite, due to a quarry in Massachusetts,
which amoupts, if I am well informed, to some-
thing over seventy thousand dollars. The demand
on the part of the Treasury was two hundred
thousand dollars over and besides the allowance
made in the deficiency bill which we passed early
in the session. I cannot doubt that the Senate
will readily correct the error, by suffering the
amendment to pass which I now send to the Chair,
the object of which is to strike out " one," in line
964, and to insert " two," so that the appropria-
tion may be two instead of one hundred thousand
dollars.
Mr. WINTHROP. Before the amendment is
acted upon, 1 should like to ascertain from the
chairman of the Committee on Finance whether
there is not still some mistake in relation to this
matter ? The Senator from Louisiana has alluded
to the fact, which is well known, that the granite
of which this custom-house at New Orleans is to
be built is to be furnished by the duincy quarries
in Massachusetts. It is the same, I believe, as we
used in the construction of the Bunker Hill mon-
ument; and it affords a fresh illustration of what
was once said, by a distinguished Senator from
South Carolina", that the principal exports of New
England were ice and granite.
The company who are to furnish this granite of
course take some interest in this appropuation, as
a considerable part of it is already due to them.
They inform me that the sum asked by the Secre-
tary of the Treasury for the purpose was over
$300,000. Indeed, I have in my hand a letter from
the commissioner of customs—which I will not
trouble the Senate to read—from which it would
seem that the recommendation of the Secretary of
the Treasury was for §333,807.
Mr. DICKINSON. 1 would inform the Sena-
tor that, since the estimate was made, §100,000
have been appropriated m the deficiency bill.
Mr. WINTHROP. That sets the matter right.
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. SOULE. I beg leave to offer the following
amendment:
" For the topographical and hydrographical survey of the
delta of the Mississippi, with such investigations as may
lead to determine the uio t practicable plan of souring it
from inundation, and the best mode of so deepening the
passes at the mouth of the river a, to allow ships of twenty
feet diaught to enter the same, $50,00i>."
. The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. BADGER moved to amend the clause re-
lating to the payment of the salary of the Attor-
ney General and the clerk and messenger in his
office by striking out "6," and inserting u8,"
so as to make the appropriation $8,300, instead of
§6,300; and by adding at the end of the clause,
"and the salary uf the Attorney General being
hereby increased to §6,000 per annum from the
same day." If these amendments should pre-
vail, the clause would read:
" For salaries of the Attorney General and the clerk and
messenger m his office, {§8,300—the salary of the messenger
in his office being hereby increased to $-700 per annum from
1st July, 1850 ; and the salary of the Attorney General being
heieby increased to $8,1/00 per annum from the same day."
Mr. BADGER. I merely wish to mention
that it was the general understanding of the Senate
last session that this measure should have been
adopted. It would then have been adopted but
for the circumstance that it would have excluded
a very worthy member of this Senate [Mr. Rev-
erdy Johnson] from receiving the office.
J$r. DOWNS. I only wish to state that the
Committee on the Judiciary has taken up this sub-
ject and vfven authority to offer a similar amend-
ment, But the amendment of the Senator from
North Carolina will do as well.
Mr. DICKINSON. I have no doubt that if
the Attorney General were required to devote his
whole time to the service of the Government,
$6,000 would be little enough. I suppose his
salary was made $2,000 less than the salary of
the other members of the Cabinet because of the
profitable private practice that might well be en-
joyed in the early history of the Government. I#
the Senator had coupled with his amendment a
requisition that the Attorney General should give
his whole attention to the business of Govern-
ment, it would be more acceptable. I do not
mean to resist it, but, as the appropriations are
very large, I cannot favor the increase of salaries
of officers.
Mr. BERRIEN. I understand, on inquiry,
that there are a sufficiently large number of cases
now pending on the docket of the Supreme Court
of the United States in which the United States
are concerned to keep the Attorney General all the
time employed, m connection with his other duties.
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. MASON. 1 am instructed by the Com-
mittee for the District of Columbia to offer the fol-
lowing amendment, to come in at the end of the
first section of the bill:
"To reimburse the corporation ofWaahington the amount
advanced to complete the paving of Fifteenth street, in front
of the Treasury Department, including the culvert, $3,309 90,"
upon its being shown to the Secretary of the Treasury that
said sum of monfy was advanced by the corporation of
Washington."
Congress in 1848 appropriated $12,700 for paving
Fifteenth street, in front of the Treasury Depart-
ment, the street ii) front of the President's House,
and Seventeenth street. The work was to be ex-
ecuted under the supervision of the War Depart-
ment. The money gave out before the work waa
completed. But the streets were in such a con-
dition that it would be very inconvenient, if they
were not completed. At the suggestion of the of-
ficers having charge of the work, the corporation
advanced this amount of money which they ask
may now be reimbursed to them.
Mr. DICKINSON. Although I know nothing
of the facts in this case, I am "willing to concur
with one suggestion t)f the Senator. The appro-
priation "gave out." That is always the case.
[Laughter.]
The amendment was adopted.
Mr. MASON. I am instructed by the same
committee to offer the following amendment:
" To enable the War Department to make such examina-
tions and surveys as may be necessary to determine upon
the hest and most available mode of supplying the city of
Washington with pure water, and to prepare a plan and es-
timate of the probable cost of the same, to be reported to thi#
Congress at its next session, $1,500."
The amendment was rejected.
Mr. MASON. I am instructed by the same
committee, to offer the following, to which I sup-
pose the Senator from Indiana will not object:
" To erect the northern portion of th« eastern wing of the
City Hall in the city of Washington, for the accommodation
ot the criminal court of the District of Columbia, its juries,
officers, and records, $-20,000, to be expended under the di
recti on oi the Commissioner of Public Buildings."
The amendment was rejected.
Mr. MASON. I have got another amendment
to offer, which does not come from the Committee
on the District of Columbia. It is:
"That the sum of $4,056, the unexpended balance of an
appropriation made under the act of 12th August, 1848, «to
pay to the State of Virginia judgments recovered against her
liy revolutionary officers and soldiers for half pay and com-
mutation of half pay,' and the further sum of $5,020, be pant
out ofany money in the Treasury not otherwise appropriated,
to pay to Isaac H. Smith, administrator de bonis non of Lieut.
Isaac Holmes, the amount of a judgment obtained ag.*inst
the State of Virginia by the administrator of said Holmes,
deceased : Provided^ That before such payment an authenti-
cated copy of such judgment be submitted to the Secretary
of the Interior, and he be satisfied of the validity of said
judgment, and of its obligation on the State of Virginia for
} the said amount."
I The amendment was rejected on a division—
ayes 17, noes 23.
Mr. DAVIS, of Massachusetts. I move to
amend the bill by adding after the provision for
the salaries of keepers of light-houses and their
assistants, the following:
! " For the keeper of the light-house on Mtnot's rock, near
j Cohasset, in Boston bay, $750, and $550 each per annum to
his assistants."
| The amendment was agreed to.
1 Mr. DAVIS, of Mississippi. I move to insert
! the following after the item making an appropria-
tion for the salary of the Attorney General, the'
clerk and messenger in his office.
" To reimburse to Rcvcrdy Johnson, late Attorney Gen-
eral of tbe United States, the amount paid by him out of
his private funds for the services of a clerk employed for
public purposes in public duties, $866 59."
The immense amount of duty thrown on the
late Attorney General rendered it necessary for
