1850.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
troyed in the military serviceoftbeUnited States,"
approved March 3d, 1849; which was read a first
and second time by its title, and referred to the
Committee of the Whole House on the State of
the Union, and ordered to be printed.
Mr. R. also, from the same committee, to which
was referred the petition of Wm. H. Hubbard, re-
ported a bill for the relief of the Virginia Woollen
Company; which was read a first and second time
by its title, referred to a Committee of the Whole
House, and with the report accompanying, ordered
to be printed.
Mr. CHANDLER, from theCommittee onMil-
itary Affairs, made an adverse report on the peti-
tion of Wm. H. Ker; which was ordered to lie on
the table and be printed.
Mr. STANTON, of Tennessee, from the Com-
mittee on Naval Affairs, reported a bill for the re-
iief of William Speiden ; which was read a first and
second time by its title, referred to a Committee of
the Whole House, and ordered to be printed.
THE FRANKLIN EXPEDITION.
Mr. STANTON, of Tennessee, from the Com-
mittee on Naval Affairs, reported a joint resolu-
tion to authorize the President of the United
States to accept and attach to the navy the two
vessels offered by Mr. Henry Grinnell, of New
York, to be sent to the Arctic seas in search of Sir
John Franklin and his companions.
The joint resolution was read a first time by its
title.
Mr. JOHNSON, of Arkansas, rose and ob-
jected.
Mr. BAYLY. I move that the resolution be
referred to the Committee of the Whole on the
state of the Union.
The SPEAKER. The resolution has not yet
been read a second time. The gentleman from
Tennessee (Mr. Stanton] proposes that this joint
resolution be now put upon its engrossment. The
resolution will therefore be read through.
' And the joint resolution having been read—
Mr. STANTON said he desired to say one
word in relation to it. It was this: If these vessels
were to be placed under the contt-ol of the rules
and regulations of the naval service of the United
States, (which was the principal object of the reso-
lution,) it was importantthat the resolution should
be passed immediately, because the vessels were
to put to sea in a few days.
Mr. JONES (interposing) desired, he said, to
he informed what amount was to be paid for these
vessels when they returned?
Mr. STANTON. In reply to the question of
my colleague I will state, that nothing is to be paid
for the vessels, either before or after their return.
The character of the gentleman who proposes to
send out the expedition, and the circumstances
under which the proposition is made to the Gov-
ernment, aie ceriainly such as should convince
every liberal-minded man that no such claim will
ever be made. But I have no objection that an
amendment to that effect should be inserted in the
resolution. The only expense to which the Gov-
ernment will be subjected, if any, will arise from
furnishing about thirty seamen, and a few officers
belonging to the navy, who have already volun-
teered to go on this service. The resolution will
add nothing to the appropriations; it will add noth-
ing to the number of men in the service. It^will
merely take a portion of the present force which
is not necessary for any other purpose.
Mr. BAYLY said, that before he took his seat
it was his intention to move that the resolution be
laid upon the _ table. If this Government (con-
tinued Mr. B.) is to embark in a wild-goose chase
of this description, let it do so in a proper manner.
Several Voices. Call for the yeas and nays on
your motion.
Mr. BAYLY, (continuing.) I say, that if we
must embark in a wild-goose chase, such as is here
contemplated, let us do it in a way becoming the
nation, and not by mixing ourselves up with these
private enterprises. I move that the resolution be
laid upon the table.
Mr. BROOKS appealed to the gentleman from
Virginia [Mr. Bayly] to withdraw the motion,
to enable him (Mr. B.) to say a very few words.
Mr. BAYLY hesitated.
Mr. BROOKS said, he hoped the gentleman
would withdraw the motion.
Mr. BAYLY said, his friends around him in-
sisted on his adhering to it.
Mr. BROOKS. Does the gentleman withdraw
the motion ?
Mr. BAYLY declined to withdraw.
Mr. STANLY demanded the yeas and nays on
the motion that the resolution be laid upon the
table; which were ordered.
Mr. FULLER called for the reading of the res-
olution.
The SPEAKER said that the resolution had
been once read, but that if no objection was
made it would be read again. If objection was
made, the question must be put to the House.
Was there any objection ?
Mr. McLANE said, the resolution had been
read, and he objected.
So the question was put to the House, and hav-
ing been decided in the negative,
The resolution was not again read.
The question, "Shall this resolution be laid upon
the table?" was then taken,and decided in the neg-
gative—yeas 70, nays 99; as follows:
YEAS—Messrs. Albertson, Ashe, Averett, Bay, Bayly,
Bingham, Bisself, BowJin, Boyd, Brtck, Albert G. Brown,
William J. Brown, Joseph Cable, W. It. W. Colib,
Colcock, Disney, Dunham, Evving. Featbereton, Fuller,
Gerry, Gorman, Hall, Hamilton, Hammond, Harrison,
Isham G. Harris, Sampson W. Harris, Thomas L. Harris,
Hibbard, Hollulay, Howard, Hubbard, Joseph W*. Jackson,
Andrew Johnson, Robert W. Johnson, Jones, Preston King,
Lelller, Littleiield, Mason, McCletiiand, McDonald, Mc-
Dowell, Miller. Million, Olds, Peaslee, Peek, Phelps,
Potter, Powell, Itichard=on, lio-s, .Savage, Sawtcile, Alex-
ander H. Stephens, Stetson, Sweeper, Thomas, Jaeob
Thompson J. B. Thompson, William Thompson, Toombs,
Wallace, Watkins, Wellborn, Wiltlruk, and Wood—70.
NAYS—Messrs. Allen, Alston, Baker, liennett, Boeock,
Booth, Bowdon, Briggs, Brooks, fiuel, Burrows, Chester
Butter, T. B. Butler, J.P. Caldwell, Calvin,Campbell,Casey,
Chandler, Clarke, Cleveland, Clinguian, Conger, Conrad,
Corwm, Crowe!!, Deberrv, Dickey, Dnnimck, Dixon, Doty,
Duer, Duncan, Durkee, Fiteh, Fowler. Fieedley, Giddinsrs,
Goodenovv, Gould, Hallowav, Harlan. H.tvmond. Hebard,
Henry, Hoaaland, Howe, Inge, Julian, Kerr, Daniel P.
King, George G. King, John A. King, La Sere, Job Mann,
Matteson, McG.tughry, MeKissock, MeLanahan, Robert M.
IVIcLanc, McQueen, McWillie, Moore, Morehead, Morse,
Morton, Nelson, Ori, Otts, Outlaw,Pitman. Putnam, Reed,
Ridley, Robbins, Rockwell, Root, Rum«ey, Sackett, Selier-
merhoni, Shjppeid, Silvester, Spauldrag, Sprague, Stanly,
Frederick P. Stanton, Richard II Stanton, Strong, Taj lor,
Thnrman, Tuck, Underbill, Van IJyke, Vinton, Wafden,
White, Williams, Wilson, and Winthrop—99.
So the House decided that the resolutiou.should
not be laid upon the table.
Mr. BROOKS then obtained the floor. He said
he desired to say a very few word sin explanaiton
of these resolutions, and he would be very bri^P.
The object of this expedition was not to obtain
money from the Government, as had been insinu-
ated 
Several Members. Not now! not now!
Mr. BROOKS. No, not now, nor hereafter.
The projector of the expedition, (Mr. Henry
Grinnell,) impelled by the highest impulses that
could move a man, proposed to fit out two vessels,
costing, as he understood, some §30,000 and over,
and to fit them out at his own expense, asking
of the Government nothing, save that it extend
over them the protection of its flag, and give them
the discipline of its navy. No money was asked
for now, and Mr. Grmnell was not the man who,
while contributing thus liberally for a philan-
thropic and national object, would ask anything of
Congress hereafter. What was wanted of Con-
gress now, with the protection and sanction of its
flag, was the discipline of its navy. It was feltand
known, that a private vessel, with sailors enlisted
only under our mercantile laws, as for the mer-
cantile marine, could not have that discipline on
board—that snlutary and efficient government,
which might be necessary in high northern lati-
tudes, under the most trying circumstances in
which human beings might be placed. To pre-
vent mutiny—to enforce law—to compel, if neces-
sary, self-sacrifice—the discipline and government
of the navy were wanted; and it was unwise, if
not unsafe, to send two vessels to the Arctic seas
for the purposes conten plated, with only the dis-
cipline of the mercantile marine to govern them.
The distinguished merchant, the starter of this
expedition, who so generously—nay, so gloriously
—opened ills own purse-strings, and who was
doing for his country what his country ought to
do for itself, had no dishonorable nor selfish pur-
poses to gratify, " now nor hereafter." He comes
to you, and offers to share with you all the glory
and honor of this expedition; and all he asks in
return is, the discipline, the aid of your navy.
The princely merchants of New York, whose
hearts are as liberal as his, and whose conceptions
of national duty are as exalted as his, stand ready,
I doubt not, to contribute more money, more
means, if desired; but there is asked of yon only
what no money can give—no liberality, evers0,
princely, can contribute—and that is, the protec-
tion of your flag—the discipline of your navy.
While other nalions are sending out their expedi-
tions to this continent, to rescue a gallant British
sailor and his crew from the horrors of Arctic
starvation, their feelings are warmed up, their,
ideas of American honor are aroused, and they
stand ready, I doubt not, to open their purses as
freely as water runs, if necessary; but they can
do nothing well—they can do nothing satisfacto-
rily and surely—without your cooperation; and.
for that cooperation, Mr. Grinnell offers to share
with you all the honor and glory. Will you re-
fuse it? Can you look other nations in the face
if you do, and let them have all the honor of ex-
ploring even your own North American continent?
But, says the gentleman from Virginia, [Mr.
Bayly,] "its all, or only, a wild-goose chase!"
Well, it may be. It may be, and perhaps is; but
I do not know by what wonderful foreknowledge,
by whatamazing second sight;or by what astonish-
ing power of divination, the gentleman from Virgi-
nia has come'to this sudden conclusion. To ascer-
tain and settle whether there is, or is not, a south-
west passage, has been a problem all mankind has
been trying to solve for a century; but if the gen-
tleman from Virginia is all right, and it is "a wild
goose chase," why, the problem is solved, and
there is no use to talk and write any more about
it, unless it is worth the while, for the sake of
humanity, to rescue Sir John Franklin and his
sailors from starvation. I am afraid, however,
that all mankind, and especially that portion whom
I represent, will not acquiesce in the judgement of
the gentleman from Virginia, and will be as earn-
est as ever to solve the problem, and to rescue the
officers and sailors in the Arctic sea. But if this
is " a wild-goose chase," what was the Dead sea
expedition?—which was far from our own conti-
nent; and which had no useful, no humane, no
charitable purpose; but which, nevertheless, grati-
fied and satisfied every reader of the Bible, every
student of Christian topography, and which high-
ly honored the country; or what was the explor-
i mg expedition? But this is an expedition which
humanity invokes, which science calls for, which
continental pride demands from you, and yqu
alone of ail other nations, and an expedition that
costs you nothing, save the honor of your Sag,
and the aid of the discipline of your navy. £
should blush, if I did not see by the vote just giv-
en, that your aid would not be refused.
Ml-. B. having concluded—
Mr. SAVAGE said he was not willing that gen-
tlemen from New York should have all the honor
of this expedition. He desired to offer an amend-
ment, which he would send to the Clerk's table*
The amendment was read, as follows:
Resolved, That, in consideration of the aid granted by this
resolution, the expedition be required to visit "Round Is-
land," m the Gulf ol Mexico, arid report what has become
of the persons lately assembled there.
Mr. THOMPSON, of Pennsylvania, rose and '
addressed an inquiry, or a remark, to the Chair,
of which nothing could be heard by the reporter.
But he was understood to indicate his intention to
offer a resolution to terminate all debate in Com-
mittee of the Whole on the state of the Union on
the census bill, to-morrow at two o'clock.
Mr. WINTHROP rose to a point of order,
which, he was understood to say, he was afraid
might be overlooked, on the amendment of the
gentleman from Tennessee, [Mr. Savage,] by the
privileged motion offered by the gentleman from
Pennsylvania, [Mr. Thompson.]
, > The point of order was, that the amendment of
!, the gentleman from Tennessee was not in order,
i | because the subject-matter was different from that
11 of theoriginalresolution;theamendmentproposing
I' to go in search of an expedition against the Island
i; of Cuba, and the original resolution proposing to
|j fit out an expedition to the Arctic seas on an en-
tirely different mission.
The SPEAKER. The Chair does not consider
that the amendment of the gentleman from Ten-
nessee [Mr. Savage] has yet been entertained.
It was only reported to the House. The gentle-
man from Pennsylvania [Mr. Thompson] then
rose to a privileged question, relating to the special
order of the etuy. In the opinion of the Chair,
