820
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
April 25,
when the consideration of the subject before the
House shall be resumed, the point of order raised
by the gentleman from Massachusetts [Mr. Win-
throp] on the amendment of the gentleman from
Tennessee, will come up for decision.
Mr. WINTHROP acquiesced, remarking that
he desired that the point of order should be noted.
THE CENSUS BILL.
Mr. THOMPSON, of Pennsylvania, then of-
fered a resolutisn in the usual terms, providing
that all debate in Committee of the Whole on the
state of the Union, on the bill providing for the
taking of tlie seventh census, or enumeration of the
inhabitants of the United States, should terminate
at two o'clock to-morrow, &c.; and that tHe com-
mittee should then proceed to vote on all amend-
ments pending or that might be offered.
Mr. JONES inquired of the Speaker whether
this resolution was in order while another motion
was pending? He did not think that it was
in accordance with the rules or practice of the
House.
The SPEAKER decided that the motion now
made was a privileged question connected with the
special order, and, m the opinion of the Chair, was
in order.
The resolution having been read—
Mr. VINTON moved to amend it by striking
out to-morrow and inserting Tuesday next. The
debate, so far, (Mr. V. said,) had been con-
fined to the legitimate subject-matter of the bill,
and so long as it continued to be so, he did not
think that an order to arrest it should be made.
If the debate should wander from the bill, the case
would be different.
Mr. JONES inquired of the Chair, whether
the order of the House making this bill the special
order of the day for yesterday, and for each
succeeding day until disposed of, did not except
Fridays and Saturdays, being private bill days.
The SPEAKER. No days were excppted.
Addressing Mr. Vinton, the Speaker said:
Ths Chair understands the gentleman from Ohio
to move to strike out from the resolution the
words " to-morrow at two o'clock," and insert
"Tuesday at two o'clock."
Mr. VINTON. Well, sir, that was my motion,
but I will first move that the resolution be laid
upon the table.
And the question was taken and decided in the
affirmative, without a division.
So the resolution was laid upon the table.
Mr. THOMPSON, of Pennsylvania, moved
that the House resolve itself into Committee of
the Whole on the state of the Union.
THE FRANKLIN EXPEDITION.
Mr. BAYLY appealed to the gentleman from
Pennsylvania [Mr. Thompson] to waive the mo-
tion toeo into committee, for a few moments.
Mr. THOMPSON said he would do so if the
gentleman would renew it,
Mr. BAYLY said he would do so.
Mr. THOMPSON said, he would withdraw the
motion.
The SPEAKER said that the motion of the
gentleman from Pennsylvania [Mr. Thompson]
took precedence in the business of the House by
reason of its privileged character, and that no
other question could be entertained except by
the unanimous consent of the House.
Mr. BAYLY said that his object in requesting
the gentleman from Pennsylvania to withdraw his
motion to go into Committee of the Whole on the
state of the Union, was that he (Mr. B ) mi^ht
have an opportunity of saying a few words in°re-
ply to the observations which had fallen from the
gentleman from New York, [Mr. Brooks.]
The SPEAKER. The gentleman's object will
not be accomplished, because if the motion to go
into Committee of the Whole on the state of the
Union should be withdrawn, the gentleman from
Tennessee [Mr. Savage] would then be entitled
to the floor.
Mr. BAYLY. Then, at the instance of the
gentleman from Pennsylvania, who withdrew the
motion at my request, I move that the House re-
solve itself into Committee of the Whole on the
state of the Union.
Mr. CABELL, of Florida, requested the gen-
tleman from Virginia [Mr. Bayly] to withdraw
the motion to allow him (Mr. C.) to make a report
from the Committee on Naval Affairs. He asked
the courtesy at this time (he said) because he
•would necessarily be absent from this city for
some days. But for this necessity he would not
intrude himself upon the House by asking the
favor.
The SPEAKER said that if the motion to go
into Committee of the Whole on the state of the
Union should be withdrawn, the gentleman from
Florida [Mr. Cabell] could then only introduce
the report by the unanimous consent of the House.
Objection was made.
So the report was not received.
THE CENSUS.
The question then recurred, and was taken, on
the motion of Mr. Bayly, anil decided in the af-
firmative, without a division.
So the House resolved itself into Committee of
the Whole on the state of the Union, (Mr.
Thompson, of Mississippi, in the chair,) and re-
sumed the consideration of the bill .from the Sen-
ate entitled " An act to provide for the taking of
the census of the United States."
Mr. ROOT rose and said he desired to occupy
the floor for the purpose of making a few remarks.
He did not desire to take up time in discussing the
details of this bill. They had been already ar-
ranged by a Census Board acting under the au-
thority of the law passed by the last Congress.
That board had given much time and attention to
the consideration of the subject, and had there-
fore been able to act more understandingly in the
arrangement of these details than we can be ex-
pected to do pending the discussion of the bill in
this House. The subject had not only been sub-
jected to the consideration of the Census Board,,
but had also undergone the examination of a com-
mittee of the Senate, of the Senate itself, and of a
committee of this House. He would not under-
take to say whether the details of the bill were
the best that could have been adopted or arranged
for the objects in view, or what amendments may
be submitted which would command his assent.
These he would consider as they were presented for
his approval or his dissent. But in lhe«schedules
which had been reported by the Committee on the
Judiciary, he saw nothing objectionable. They
appeared to him to be all calculated to acquire
important and valuable information. Whether
they were the best adapted to the purpose, he
would not take it upon himself to say. For the
present he would pass that matter over, and con-
fine what he now proposed to say to the principle
of the bill.
He had been much startled yesterday by the
suggestions thrown out 'by the gentleman from
Ohio [Air. Miller] and the gentleman from
Georgia, [Mr. Stephens,] and which seemed to
have been concurred in by some other gentlemen,
that Congress has no authority under the Consti-
tution to call for the information required by this
bill. His colleague [Mr. Miller] had taken con-
i siderable pains to prove that the Constitution has
1 given Congress no power to go any further than
an enumeration of the inhabitants. He admitted
that the second and the ninth sections of the Con-
stitution enjoined the duty on Congress to make
an enumeration of the inhabitants: and it confined
the injunction to that single object. But he saw
nothing in the clause to debar Congress from con-
necting statistical information with this enumera-
tion. And for what purpose was this duty im-
posed on Congress? It was for the purpose of
supplying a basis for representation and for the
levying of taxes. It was made the duty of Con-
gress to make the enumeration fortius purpose.
Now he was ready to admit that this bill pro-
poses to do much moie than- this. There could j
be no dispute as to that. As a matter of conve- j
nience, these statistical subjects were connected
with the duty of making the enumeration. We
have sufficient authority to call for this informa-
tion, and we might obtain it by proceeding in a
different mode. Itismerely forconveniencethat the
two subjects are embraced and united in the same
bill; because they may both be obtained at the
same time, and by the same person. While en-
gaged in seeking the enumeration of the inhab-
itants, he can with greater facility obtain the !
statistical facts which aie required by the bill. He -
admitted, that under the clause of the Constitu-
tion which had been referred to, Congress was
not required to call for any other statistics than a
mere enumeration of the inhabitants. But we
have full authority from the Constitution to do
this, or else we and all who have preceded us
here from the beginning of the Government must
have been, to this moment, wofully mistaken as
to the extent of the powers with which we are in-
vested.
It was admitted, both by the gentleman from
Ohio and the gentleman from Georgia, that the
information thus required may be very valuable.
The gentleman from Georgia had indeed excepted
to the call for the list of those who had died, the
sex, color, condition, &c., of individuals specified
in one or two of the schedules. His colleague
[Mr. Miller] had stated that it was enough for
him that it was an unconstitutional exercise of
power, and it was therefore no matter to him
of what value the information was. It was ad-
mitted that it might be expedient, if we had the
authority, to obtain these statistics in some por-
tions of the country.
Why, he asked, have we not this authority ? It
is said, because it is not put down in specific terms
in the Constitution, we are not to seek these
statements relative to our commerce, our agricul-
ture, our navigation, and so forth; and because
the clause relied on contains no such specific au-
thority, we are to be prohibited from seeking this
information. If this mode of reasoning were
sound, he believed he could point other omissions
than those which had been mentioned inn-elation to
this subject. Congiess is authorized by the Con-
stitution to raise an army, a navy, a militia, and
to levy and collect an excise and other taxes.
Who is there that will deny that, m order to car-
ry out these powers correctly, it is not only ex-
pedient, but necessary for us who have to legislate
on these subjects, to obtain a knowledge of the
facts sought for by this bill? We cannot act in-
telligently, understandingly, on these subjects, until
we have this information, and much more than
this; and since this information is indispensable to
the proper discharge of duties specifically as-
signed to us by the Constitution, how can our
power to acquire it be questioned ?
The facts called for ought to be known, not
only to the members of Congress, but also to the
people at large; indeed, no one could be found who
would contend that the information would not be
useful and beneficial to the people.
If we have no constitutional authority to acquire
this information, then not only we but all our
predecessors, have been wofully mistaken from the
foundation of the Government. The entire prac-
tice of our Government has been in favor of the
exercise of this power.
What was Lewis and Clark's expedition for?
And what clause of the Constitution would gen-
tlemen find to authorize setting this expedition
on foot? He requested gentlemen to refer to the
instructions of Mr. Jefferson in reference to this
expedition, and to the report of those who were
upon it, and see if they did not go as far beyond
the authority given by the Constitution to take an
"enumeration," as anything which is contained
in this bill. They embracedlin exploration of the
whole country—the lands, the rivers, and the coast;
and not only these, but the people—the aborio-ir.es
who resided there; and very specific were the in-
structions on this point. Very specific they were;
and if Mr. Jefferson acted unconstitutionally in
this matter, neither he, nor they who cooper-
ated with him, had the least suspicion of it. No
sir, it was left for the wise men of this day to
discover that such objects did not come within the
pale of the Constitution.
Again, we have in the Department of the Inte-
rior, a Patent Office. He would like to ask what
it was intended for? All of us knew that it has
about as little to do with patents as this bill has;
yet it is kept up by the Government at great cost—
year after vear appropriations are made for its
support. We have had voluminous reports, and
at one time a book, heretofore of six hundred or
seven hundred pages, a great part of which was
about the potato disease. And what a number of
this report has been printed and circulated? and
at what a great expense to the public? Where
can we find in the Constitution any specific au-
thority for doing all this? Yet these printed reports
are sought after with the greatest avidity by the
people. And Congress has ordered the printing
of a larger number of these volumes than of any
other report presented to it; and the extent of the
reports from this bureau is constantly increasing;
and all this without any constitutional authority
