mw
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
Sept. 28,
degenerate into a mere commercial monopoly,
depending upon the favor and partiality of the
Government,*it would become odious to the coun-
try, and particularly injurious to our people en-
gaged in commerce, not possessing the favor of
the Government. These lines of steamers when
established, to meet similar lines established by
foreign countries, of a class and character more
expensive than ships designed only for commercial
purposes, were indispensable. ..The same might be
said of certain routes and lines, when such service
would supply the presence of a naval force. It was
in this spirit,, as connected with the naval and mili-
tary power, that the system was originated; and
if it cannot be maintained in the same spirit, he
said he would feel compelled to oppose it.
Mr. MARSHALL accepted the amendment
of Mr. McLane as a modification of his own
proposition.
Mr. BAYLY said, it was not bis intention to
violate the suggestion which he had this morning
made to the committee in regard to the necessity
of refraining from much debate; but the remarks
of the gentleman from Kentucky [Mr. Marshall]
had rendered it indispensable that he (Mr. B.)
should say a word. The amendment went to an-
nul the contract where there had been any viola-
tion of it. Every man knew that he (Mr. B.) had
invariably opposed these lines; but after Congress
had sanctioned them—after the contracts had been
made—he, for one, was not willing to come in
here and avail himself of a mere technical depart-
ure from the contract, to get clear of it. There
never was a contract of this kind in the world that
was strictly complied with, and it could not be.
Miost of the variations from the contract had been
advantageous to the Government. Should it, then,
avail itself of a mere slight departure from the con-
tract to get clear of it? or would any man in pri-
vate life demean himself in this manner?
Mr. MARSHALL interposed with a brief ex-
planation of his amendment.
Mr. BAYLY. Our amendment sanctioned noth-
ing. It only restricts them. It leaves the contract
just as it is. If there is any violation of it, our
amendment does not sanction it. The whole sum
and substance of our amendment is, that payment
shall only be made in proportion to the services
rendered. Can the gentleman from Kentucky,
[Mr. Marshall,] as a sound lawyer, say that this
sanctions a departure from the contract?
Mr. FEATHERSTON called for the reading of
the amendment.
The amendment, as modified, was read.
Mr. MARSHALL called for tellers on the
question.
Tellers were ordered, and Messrs Fowler and
La Sere were appointed.
The CHAIRMAN reminded gentlemen of the
necessity of voting, so as to secure a quorum.
The question was then taken, and the vote
stood—ayes 76, noes 64.
So the amendment, as modified, was agreed to.
Mr. EVANS, of Maryland, offered the follow-
ing amendment:
" Provided, That in lieu of the liquor ration in the navy,
which is hereby abolished, five cents per day be paid tu
each sailor."
The amendment having been read,
Mr. EVANS asked for tellers on the question.
Tellers were refused.
Mr. McCLERNAND submitted to the Chair,
whether the amendment was in order at this stage
of the bill ?
The CHAIRMAN ruled the amendment to be
in order.
Mr. McCLERNAND submitted that a similar
proposition had already been voted down, and
that therefore the amendment was not in order.
Some conversation followed, and the chairman
adhered to his decision that the amendment was in
order. *
Mr. EVANS, of Maryland, asked that the
amendment might be again read; and it was read
for information.
Mr. HIBBARD inquired of the Chair whether
it was in order to move an amendment to the
amendment?
The CHAIRMAN replied in the affirmative.
Mr. HIBBARD then moved to amend the
amendment, by adding the proviso heretofore of-
fered by the gentleman from North Carolina, [Mr.
Venable-J i. e. the proviso stopping the grog of
the officers, as follows:
tl And provided, aim, That neither wines nor ardent spir-
its shall be used by the officers oil shipboard, whilst in
actual service, except as medicine." ■
Mr. McCLERNAND made the point of order,
that the amendment and the amendment to the
amendment had heretofore been added to the bill,
and that the substitute offered by the gentleman
from Mississippi, [Mr. Thompson,] striking them
out, had been adopted. Was it in order to revive
an amendment which had thus been made, and
then stricken out ?
The CHAIRMAN overruled the point of or-
der.
Mr. JONES. I wish to inquire of the gentle-
man from New Hampshire, how many officers of
the navy does he think will ever be well at any one
time if that amendment is adopted ? (Laughter.)
Mr. KAUFMAN asked the gentleman from
New Hampshire to accept, as a modification of his
own amendment, a proposition which he wished
to offer.
Mr. HIBBARD said he would hear the gen-
tleman's proposition read:
"Jlnd provided, further, That not more than one dose of
said medicine be taken on the same day."
Mr. HIBBARD declined to modify his amend-
ment.
Mr. KAUFMAN then moved his proposition
as an amendment to the amendment.
The question was taken, and the amendment to
the amendment was agreed to.
The question recurred, and was taken on the
amendment as amended, and it was rejected.
Mr. STANTON, of Kentucky, moved the fol-
lowing amendment:
" Provided, That the President, by and with the advice
and consentof the Senate, be authorized to incorporate into
the naval service of the United States the surviving officers
of the late Texas navy who were duty commissioned and in
the service of said Republic at the time of its annexation to
the United States: Provided, That the number of officers
to be incorporated shall not exceed one caplain, six lieuten-
ants, and two masters in the line of promotion : Jlnd provided,
further, That upon the death, resignation, or dismissal of
any of the said officers, the vacancies thereby created shall
not be filled."
He said it was not necessary that he should
consume even the five minutes allowed him in sup-
port of this proposition. He would only say that
it was different from the proposition of this char-
acter which had heretofore been offered and re-
jected. It was confined to one captain, six lieuten-
ants, and two masters, and excluded the surgeon
and pursers, who stood on a different footing.
The question was taken by tellers—(Messrs.
Featherston, and Stevens of Pennsylvania,) and
decided in the negative—ayes 56, noes 72.
So the amendment was rejected.
Mr. KERR moved the following amendment to
the bill:
" For a deficiency in the amount appropriated by the navy
appropriation act of the last session for paying the unsatis-
fied demands upon the fund for continuing the survey of
the coast on the Gulf of Mexico, from Apalaehicola bay to
the Mississippi: $2,147 53, to be taken out of the balance
of the fund appropriated for that purpose by the act of the
third of March, 1841, and which has been carried to the
credit of the surplus fund."
Mr. KERR hoped that the committee would
give to the amendment the consideration which its
propriety and justice demanded. One word would
be sufficient to explain its object. Further legisla-
tion was needed to give validity to claims under
the act of last Congress for the naval appropria-
tions. To pay the unsatisfied demands upon the
fund for continuing the survey on the coast of the
Guif of Mexico from Apalachicola Bay to the
Mississippi, $40,70 was voted at last session on
an estimate furnished from the office of the Fourth
Auditor to the Secretary of the Navy, On an
adjustment of the claims, it was found that the ag-
gregate amount was $6,217 53 instead of $4,070
appropriated. Hence, (said Mr. K.,) a pro rata
payment only eould be made. The amendment he
now offered contemplated the payment of the as-
certained deficiency of $2,147 53. In May last
the Secretary of the Navy recommended this pay-
ment in a letter to the chairman of the Committee
of Ways and Means. It has been ruled out of
the civil and diplomatic bill as more appropriate
to the naval bill, now in progress before the com-
mittee. In the absence of a member of that
committee, in whose hands the papers were, Mr.
IC. felt himself called upon to bring this subject
forward. One of his constituents was interested
as a claimant, having already received his pro rata
part of the fund given by the bill of last session.
It was a sheer act of justice, and the committee,
in allowing the amendment, might be relieved
from any doubt or difficulty whatever.
Mr, THOMPSON, of Mississippi, said, this
matter had been before the Committee of Ways
and Means, and after full examination they had
rejected this private claim.
Mr. KERR. I do not understand what the
gentleman from Mississippi considers a private
claim.
The CHAIRMAN interposed, and reminded the
gentleman from Maryland that no further remarks
were in order.
The question was taken, and the amendment
was rejected.
Mr. HOLMES Shoved the following amend-
ment:
" And that in selecting midshipmen from Ihe Slates by the
Secretary of the Navy, the-residence of the son of an officer
shall be construed to be in the State where the father resided
at the ti me of his appointment to the navy."
He briefly explained that, the law requiring
that midshipmen should be appointed from the
States in which they actually reside—the object of
the amendment was to give construction to the
law in case of the sons at school of officers of the
navy. The officer being continually at sea lost his
residence, and the son's residence was a matter of,
doubt, having been perhaps at various schools for
several years. The amendment provided that the
last place of residence of the father should be con-
sidered the place of residence of the son.
Mr. PEASLEE offered the following amend-
ment as a substitute,for the amendment offered by
Mr. Holmes:
"That no midshipman in the navy shall be appointed
from any congressional district having, at the time of ap-
pointment, more than two officers of that grade in the navy
from such district, and whenever an appointment shall be
made from any state, the person so appointed shatt be an
actual resident of the congressional district from which the
appointment purports to be made: Jlnd provided, further,
That such congressional district of any State as may not have
any midshipman in the navy at the time an appointment
may he made from said State, shall be entitled to at least one
appointment before any other shall be made from any dis-
trict of the State having one or more officers of that grade in
the navy."
Mr. P. explained the object of his amendment,
and said, that his sole purpose was to secure the
fair apportionment of the officers of the navy
among the several congressional districts or differ-
ent parts of the Union so far as practicable, and
this equal justice required as well as the best in-
terests of the navy.
The whole number of midshipmen in the navy
now authorized by law is four hundred and sixty-
four, and, consequently, if equally divided as near
as may be among the congressional districts, no
district would be entitled to more than two. 1 do
not propose to increase that number, for it is al-
ready, I think, too large, and yet I am aware the
addition of a few, so that two could be allowed to
each congressional district, would carry out more
perfectly the object I have-in view. It will be
time enough, however, when the midshipmen shall
have been equalized so far as they can be with the
present number allowed by law, and by the amend-
ment I now offer, to pass such other laws as justice,
the wants of the country, and necessity shall de-
mand.
Prior to the passage of the law of the 4th of
August, 1842, there was considered to be no restric-
tion to the number of midshipmen, and they were
appointed (especially during a part of the time
of Mt. Tyler's administration) without reference
to number or States. In the year 1842, Congress
interposed, and passed a law to check some of
the abuses that had taken root, and limited the
number to that which was in the service the first
of January, 1841, which was four hundred and
fifty one, and provided also that no more appoint-
ments should be made until the grade was reduced
to that number. There was consequently no ap-
pointments made from August, 1842, until the
Summer of 1845, when the number, by deaths,
resignations, and promotions, had been reduced to
the prescribed limits.
Before, however, this reduction had fully taken
place, and of course before any appointments
could be made, Congress, on the 3d of March,
1845, passed another law on the subject, requiring
that the number of midshipmen authorized by
law should in future appointments be divided, as
near as may be, among the States and Territories,
according to the number of Representatives and
Delegates in Congress, the District of Columbia
