8*22
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
April 25,
men assume the ground, that there was no constitu-
tional power in the Congress of the United States
to collect and embody the statistical information
which it was proposed, under this bill, to obtain.
He thought that strict construction of the Consti-
tution was likely to be brought into disrepute by
raising constitutional objections which had no solid
foundation. And he confessed the surprise with
which he had heard the gentleman from Georgia,
.{Mr. Stephens,] to whose remarks he (Mr. S.)
always listened with pleasure, start upon the prin-
ciple that there was no power in Congress to col-
lect the information contemplated by this bill.
That gentleman, and the gentleman from Ohio,
[Mr. Milder,] had come to the conclusion that
because the Constitution, in the second section,
spoke simply of the enumeration of the inhabit-
ants of the States and territories, for the purpose
of taxation and representation—because the Con-
stitution, in that section, spoke of nothing but the
enumeration of the inhabitants, therefore the power
did not exist in any other part of that instrument
to do more than take such enumeration. Now, it
was apparent from that clause that the enumera-
tion in itself had a two-fold object; and on refer-
ence to the words of the clause, it would be found
to be so stated. It read as follows:
11 Representatives and direct taxes shall he apportioned
anion? ihe several States which may bp included within this
Union, according to their respective numbers," 8tc.
Mr. HUBBARD interposed, and desired to
know if the object of this information was to lay
direct taxes ?
Mr. STRONG replied that it was not. He
(Mr. S.) was opposed to laying direct taxes, and
he always had been. He would hereafter come
to the conclusion which the honorable gentleman
SQughfc to draw from his question. He was now
considering the constitutional power, which he
considered was full and entire, given almost in so
many words by the Constitution, to acquire the
information which they sought by this bill. He
went for that purpose diiectly to the eighth sec-
tion of the Constitution, which, among other
grants of power to Congress, gave them authority
"to lay and collect taxes, duties, imposts, and
excises." He contended that this power to lay
and collect taxes included within it the power td
ascertain by actuul inventory and appraisement
that which was the subject of taxation, viz: prop-
erty and productions. The power to lay a tax
implied the right to ascertain the subjects or
objects of taxation—property and productious.
He thought gentlemen would search in vain
through the constitutions of many if not all the
States for language conveying the express power
to make an assessment or inventory of the prop-
erty and productions. Yet that power was an-
nually exercised by the State authorities as a ne-
cessary incident of their power to lay and collect
taxes. Whenever a power was granted to a po-
litical organization, a government, or to individu-
als, there was no better settled principle than that
everything was granted with it which was essen-
tial to the full and free exercise of that power.
How, then, could a tax be laid and collected, un-
less there was a power to ascertain by inventory,
by appraisement, the objects of taxation ? He
admitted that so far as regarded a capitation, a
poll tax, an enumeration of the inhabitants was
all-sufficient; but nobody could pretend to say
that for anything beyond a capitation tax an
enumeration of the inhabitants was sufficient.
Both property and productions had been in this
country, and still were, objects of taxation. In
several of the States the taxation was on property
alone; in others, almost entirely upon produc-
tions; and in others, of which Pennsylvania was
one, it was divided between property and produc-
tions, though the largest per uentage of the tax
was on productions.
Mr. KAUFMAN (Mr. S. yielding the floor)
said he understood the gentleman from Pennsyl-
vania to predicate the constitutional power of
Congress to collect information jn regardtothe
property in the States, upon the power to lay
direct taxes. Now one of these schedules pro-
posed that the number of churches, with their ,
different denominations, the number of members,
&c., should be ascertained. He wished to ask
the gentleman from Pennsylvania, what legislative
power Congress had, under the Constitution, over
the subject of religion? what power they had to
make the inquiries here proposed?
Mr. STRONG said he preferred submitting his
remarks in the order which he had laid down for
himself; he thought he should arrive at the sub-
ject of the gentleman's inquiry before he conclu-
ded.
He was endeavoring to derive the power to col-
lect some portion at least of the information which
was contemplated to be collected under this bill,
from that clause of the Constitution which gave
the power to Congress to lay and collect taxes.
He had understood the gentleman from Georgia
[Mr. Stephens] to say,that in schedule III., rel-
ative to the productions of agriculture, there were
fifty-one inquiries, none of which the Government
had the right to make. It was hinted yesterday,
that this necessity for an assessment did not exist,
and that? the power to make it was not included
within the grant of power to lay taxes, because
direct taxes were to be distributed among the
States in proportion to their representation. He
admitted that it was the constitutional provision,
that direct taxation should be apportioned to rep-
resentation. Of course it operated very unequally,
much more hardly upon the new, than upon the
©Id States, because in the new States their prop-
erty was not generally proportionate to their rep-
resentation. One hundred thousand people in New
York or Pennsylvania, would undoubtedly be
much better able to pay a given sum than one
hundred thousand in Iowa or Illinois. But that
was the constitutional provision, that direct tax-
ation should be apportioned to representation.
Now, suppose this Government desired to raise a
given amount by direct taxation, as it was author-
ized to do under the Constitution, when it had de-
termined that amount, it distributed it among the
several States. Suppose the quotum of Virginia
was half a million, how was that to be raised? In
one of two modes. The Government must either
ascertain the aggregate amount of the property
and productions of Virginia, in order to know
what rate per cent, must be levied in order to raise
the sum of half a million, or it must rely upon the
State assessment. He admitted that, Heretofore,
when a direct tax had been laid by our Govern-
ment, it had relied upon the State assessment, or
the county assessment; but the power which was
given by the Constitution was complete. It did not
require or authorize the assistance of the States.
Congress had not, under the Constitution the
power to call on Virginia and say to her, We
have determined to lay a direct tax, and your pro-
portion of that tax is $500,000. We demand of
you that you collect that $500,000. Such a power
was not given to Congress, but the power was to
lay and collect taxes itself. Suppose a State of
the Onion had no assessment, which was a very
possible case. New Jeisey realized tolls from the
Camden and Amboy Railroad about sufficient to
pay the entire expenses of the State government.
There was no State assessment there, or there
might be none. How, then, was the General Gov-
ernment to collect a direct tax from the State of
New Jersey ? There was no mode, unless the
Government had the power to send its agents into
New Jersey, from house to house and from farm
to farm, to ascertain what were their property and
their productions, which were the proper objects
of taxation. He apprehended, then, that no one
could reasonably doubt that this clause of the
Constitution gave the power to Congress to collect
the information proposed by this bill so far as it
regarded the property and productions of the
country. It was a necessary incident to carrying
out the power to lay and collect direct taxes.
In the State of Pennsylvania they had had no
State assessment until 1834. In that year, an act
had been passed providing for a State assessment.
It was repealed in 1836, and, he believed, reenacted
in 1842. Prior to 1634, they had had no State
assessment whatever; and no tax, therefore, could
have been collected from Pennsylvania, unless the
General Government had the power to make an
assessment. He asked, then, hosv it could be
gravely contended that Congress did not, under
the power to lay and collect taxes, possess the in-
cidental power to obtain this information in rela-
tion to property and productions?
Now it might be asked, and the gentleman from
Alabama [Mr. Hubbard] had asked, whether it
was the design of Congress, in collecting this in-
formation, to lay a direct tax. He answered no.
He was not one of those who desired direct taxa-
tion. On the contrary, he was strongly opposed
to it, in every form. But the question was one of
constitutional power; and if the Constitution gave
to Congress the power to lay and collect a direct
tax, and if included m that power were the neces-
sary incidental power to make an assessment—an
inventory of property and productions upon which
the tax was to belaid—certainly the grant of the
whole, included the grant of the minor part. They
might exercise a part or the whole of a power
granted by the Constitution. If the power was
given to Congress to make an assessment, and lay
a direct tax, and the exercise of the first part only
of the power was conducive to the public good,
could they not exercise that power, and decline the
exercise of the other ?
The gentleman from Texas [Mr. Kaufman]
had asked, what this Government had to do with
obtaining statistics relative to the churches? Were
not the churches objects of taxation, and might
not Congress ascertain the amount of taxation
which it would do to impose upon them? Wheth-
er it would be judicious to exercise that power of
taxation, was an entirely different question, and
one which he would not now argue.
But he thought that the power to collect this in-
formation, at least a great portion of it, was also
necessarily deducible from the power conferred
upon Congress to "regulate commerce." What
was the meaning of the phra3e, to regulate com-
merce? It was, to make rules for the government
and direction of commerce. That was the obvious
meaning and the constitutional meaning of the ex-
pression. Now, in order to regulate commerce*
did any man doubt that it was essential, both ne-
cessary and proper that they should know what
the object and the wants of commerce were?
Did any one suppose that they could intelligently
regulate commerce with no knowledge of the arti-
cles which entered into the trade between one State
and another, and between this country and other
countries? So far, then, as regarded these matters
which were the subjects of commerce, he thought
ynder the general power to regulate, was implied the
power to collect information which was necessary
in order to facilitate and advance the commerce of
the country.
He thought from the power to regulate com-
merce might also be deduced, to some extent, the
power to collect information in reference to the
social condition of our people. The regulation of
commerce should be made in reference to the wants
of the people, to their social condition; and that
legislator would very poorly discharge his duties
who undertook to make regulations Tor the trade
of a community without a knowledge of the social
condition of that community. They had always
acted on this principle in the regulation of com-
meice; many of our treaties had been formed in
reference to the social condition of a portion of our
people, and in reference to the products of our
people. They all remembered, that not many years
since this Government had sent an agent to Aus-
tria, with a view to make an arrangement in refer-
ence to the tobacco of this country. And the pro-
duction of hemp had become so great, it had be-
come so important a portion of our agriculture,
that when the statistics m reference to it were fully
knpwn, commercial regulations might be deemed
advisable, in order to facilitate the sale and open
new markets for this great product of American
industry.
He thought, therefore, from the power to lay
and collect taxes, to regulate commerce, and to
make treaties, they were authorized to make the
inquiries proposed by this bill.
There seemed very little difference of opinion as
to the value of this information; the gentleman from
Georgia [Mr. Stephens] and the gentleman from
Ohio [Mr. Miller] had both admitted it. What
would be said of the lawyer who should go into a
legislative body and undertake to improve the com-
mon law by statute, without knowing what that
common law was? Or what would they say of
! the men who should undertake to legislate in refer-
ence to tobacco, hemp, and our other great staple
productions, without accurate information con-
cerning them ? The information proposed by thus
bill to be obtained was of the utmost importance
to them as legislators. There were various sources
of information to them for which
appropria-
tions had been made from the public treasury.
They had purchased a library, without any ex-
press provision in the Constitution authorizing it;
for what purpose? For the purpose of informing
