1850.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
members of Congress, of aiding them in their du-
ties as legislators, of enabling them to act intelli-
gently in the discharge of those duties. If they
had the power to purchase hooks to give informa-
tion in reference to their duties, might they not ex-
pend money for other objects having the same end
in view ?
He would not further detain the Committee in
reference to the constitutionality of collecting this
information; it seemed to him, after all, that it re-
solved itself into a question of expediency. There
was one feature of this bill which he very much
admired. The bill of 1840 w&s too minute; and
the consequence of that extreme minuteness was,
that the returns which were made were too incor-
rect to be reliable. It was apparent that the more
minute the inquiries were, the more inaccurate the
returns would probably be. When in 1840 we
sent out our assistant marshal? with two hundred
and fifty questions to be answered, a wide door
was opened for mistakes and inaccuracies; and
we found that the returns resulted accordingly.
AH the. returns must be to a considerable extent an
approximation to the truth; and the nearer the ap-
proximation the more valuable the information.
The merit of this bill was-, that it seemed calcu-
lated to collect the most valuable information—not
all the information which was valuable; very much
that was of value was necessarily omitted—but
the most valuable information, and place it within
the compass of an assistant marshal, rendering it
easy for him to obtain the information required.
He referred to some inquiries that had been
made in taking the last census, which had become
the subject of ridicule, although they were not
unimportant; and mentioned especially the provis-
ion of that bill requiring returns of the poultry,
the chickens, and eggs. This had been a subject
of derision all over the country. But he wished
to state a fact in reference to the extent of these
productions in his section of country: in the States
of Pennsylvania and Ohio, there was a great
trade in these articles. The value of the poultry
and eggs sold annually was greater thanthat'of
all the hemp produced in the United States. Al-
though this was no unimportant branch of produc-
tions, yet he thought it should not go into the
census tables. He admired this bill for the reason,
that it excluded things which, though important
were of minor consequence.
But he was compelled to say that there were a
few things which, he was sorry to see, had been
omitted in this bill. There were three great in-
terests in this country—perhaps four; the first,
the agricultural interest, which was at the founda-
tion of all the others; next, the commercial inter-
est; third, the manufacturing interest; and fourth,
came the mining interest. 'Now, there was in
these tables no provision made for returns relative
to the mining interest, unless they were intended
to be included in schedule No. IV., relating to
"the products of industry." No doubt it was
intended by the Judiciary Committee that the
returns of the mining interest should be em-
braced in this schedule. They might be admitted;
yet after a careful examination, he regretted that
there was not a schedule devoted exclusively to
mining operations. The mining operations of the
country were of an amazing extent; many of the
articles here collected bore no comparison in value
to the anthracite coal trade. He might be mis-
taken, but he thought he was not, when he said,
that the tonnage employed in the coasting trade in
coal exceeded the entire amonnt of tonnage em-
ployed in our foreign trade.
Mr. JONES (Mr. S. yielding) inquired if most
of the coal mines were not shut up and most of
the furnaces put out by the tariff of 1846 ?
Mr. STRONG said that the gentleman, of
course, expected no answer to this question, but
he had put it for the purpose of presenting his
own views. To this he (Mr. S.) had no objec-
tion He would say, however, that, in his opin-
ion, the coal trade had not been destroyed by the
tariff of 1846; and if the gentleman from Ten-
nessee desired to know his views, he (Mr. S.)
had always been opposed to any tariff on coal,
though he was not opposed to a tariff on iron.
He believed that the depffession in the coal trade,
which was very great last year, was owing rather
to the depression of the manufacturing interests of
the country than to competition with the foreign
article.
But.he said that this coal trade was immense;
and it seemed proper to him, when Congress un-
dertook to ascertain the amount of the property
and productions of the country, that the mining
operations should have had a separate schedule
appropriated to them. The enormous amount of
the production of anthracite coal alone did honor
to the country. Tjie bituminous coal trade of Vir-
ginia, Pennsylvania, and some other of the west-
ern States, was becoming a very important trade.
The amount of production was enormous; and it
seemed to him that it would have been judicious
to have appropriated a separate schedule to it, in
connection with the lead, silver, and the various
mines; so that in one table we could have had a
report of all the mining operations of the country.
He spoke with diffidence, because he knew his
colleague, [Mr. Thompson,] and the gentlemen
associated with him on the Judiciary Committee,
had given this subject a careful consideration
Mr. THOMPSON, of Pennsylvania, (Mr. S.
yielding,) explained, that every branch of indus-
try had been put in the general schedule of " the
Products of Industry." For instance, mines—the
number of mines was to be taken; also the capi-
tal invested, the amount of products, and the
amount of value. Next, say the tanneries—the
names of the proprietors, the capital, the amount
of products, the amoutof value—were to be ascer-
tained. When all these returns were made, a
compendium, or a compend, was to be prepared
by the proper clerks, who would put down the
tanners together, the miners together, the manu-
facturers together, with their respective capital,
amount of products, amount of capital, &c.; and
that compend would be published, and distributed
by Congress to the counties and seats of Govern-
ment throughout the different States. There was,
therefore, no branch of industry carried on by a
person, or a company, exceeding $500, the returns
of which would not be reported in all these par-
ticulars. The returns of the coal mines, the lead,
silver—yea, even the gold mines in California—
would go into the general schedule, and afterward
be classified in the compend for distribution.
Mr. STRONG (resuming) said he had supposed
that that was the intention. He had had no con-
ception that the commiitee had overlooked this
important branch of our property and industry.
He had supposed it was their intention to include
in the schedule of the products of industry, the re-
sults of our mining operations; and he admitted
that they might so be included. But still, it seemed
to him that the tables under the schedule were
rather better adapted to another class of produc-
tions, to the productions of manufactured articles,
rather than to the raw materials gathered from the
bowels of the eaith. Still he should defer to the
deliberate opinion of the committee.
But there was another great item of our wealth,
which was not included in these schedules at all—he
referred to the railroads and canals of the country,
with their furniture, their locomotives, cars, boats,
&c. These were all over the country—millions
upon millions invested in these enterprises; and
yet there was no provision at all in these schedules
for returns of this branch of our wealth, if the cen-
sus was designed to be a report of the propeity,
the wealth, and the productions of the country, he
was at a loss to see why this great interest, con-
stituting a value exceeding the property of many
of the States, was omitted. He admitted that there
would be difficulties in gathering into this bill these
statistics; yet it seemed to him practicable and de-
sirable to obtain them, and that the exhibit of the
property and the wealth of the country would not '
be complete which did not contain them. >
Pie would not longer detain the Committee, ex- j
cept with a single remark in reference to the po- 1
sition taken by the gentleman fiom Ohio, [Mr. ]
Miller,] that it was unconstitutional to impose a j
penalty upon any one who should refuse to an-
swer the inquiries of the assistant marshals, it
appeared to him (Mr. S.,) very plain that if Con-
gress had the constitutional power to put those
questions, to collect this information, that it fol-
lowed as a matter of course that there was a cor-
relative duty on the part of the citizens to answer
them. Every power vested in the Government to
direct a certain thing to be done implied a corre-
sponding obligation of the citizens to yield to ite.
to obey, and there was the same right, therefore,
if Congress had the constitutional power to collect
these statistics, to punish the citizen for refusal
to give hem, as there was to punish for any
other infraction of law—the same power which,
was vested in every State government to punish
any person who refused to answer the assessor
who called upon him to learn the amount of his
property with the view to taxation under State
authority " : '
Mr. HOWARD next obtained the floor a#4
yielded to a motion by ■
Mr. SAVAGE that the committee rise.
The motion was disagreed to.
Mr. HOWARD then addressed the committee
briefly, denying the constitutional power of Con-
gress to do more than take the enumeration of the
inhabitants. [His remarks will be found in the
Appendix.]
Mr. MOORE, obtained the floor, but yielded
to a motion that the committee rise.
The motion having prevailed—
The committee rose and reported progress.
And the House adjourned.
PETITIONS, *&c.
The following petitions, memorials, &c., were
presented under the rule, and referred to the appro-
priate committees:
By Mr. WENTWORTH: The petition of52 citizens and
electors of Waticondn, Lake county, Illinois, praying that
no State be heieafter admitted into the Union unless tft'6
constitution of such Slate shall expiessJy prohibit the exist-
anee of slavery within its limits.
Also, the petition of the citizens of Wauconda, praying
for the right of trial by jury for fugitive slave#.
Also, tiie petition of the c itizens ot Wauconda, praying
that slavery and the slave trade may be expressly prohibited
by act of Congress in all the territories of the United States.
Also, the petition of the citizens of Wauconda, praying for
the abolition ot slavery in the Distuct of Columbia, or for
the removal of the capital therefrom.
Al&o, the petition of the citizens of Chicago, asking the
pissage ot a law allowing American built vessels that by
any means may have become the property of foreigners, or
obtained a foreign registry, to be registered in this country
as American ves3el<, upon their again becoming the prop-
erty <>t Amein.aH citizens.
AI5.0, the petition ot the inhabitants of Kane county, Illi-
nois, thatno moie slave States be admitted into the Union.
Also, the petition ot the inhabitants of Kane county, Illi-
nios, for tho repeal of all laws authorizing or sanctioning
slavery in the District of Columbia.
Also, the petition of the inhabitants of Kane county, Illi-
nois, for the prohibition of slavery and the slave trade in the
territories of the United States.
Also, the petition of the inhabitants of Kane county, Illi-
nois, for the right of trial by jury for petsons arrested as
fugitive slaves.
By Mr. CAMPBELL : The petition of Joseph Moore and
65 others, citizens and electors of Cimtou county, Ohio,
against the admission of more slave States into the Onion.
Also, the petition of Seth Ltnton and 60 others, eitizens
and electors of the same county and State, to secure to
alleged fugitives the nght ol trial by jury. -
Also, the petition of H. A. Stfhrp and 78 others, citizens
and electors of the county of Lake, in the State of Ohio,
against the admission of more slave Slates into the Union.
Also, the petition of J. W. Scott and 64 others, citizens
and electors of Oxford township, Butler county, Ohio, against
the admission of more slave States into the Union.
Also, the petition of William S. Bundy and 103 others,
citizens and electors of Clark town h p, Clinton county,
Ohio, to secure to alleged fugitives the right of trial by jury.
Also, the petition of Jesse Moon and 97 others, citizens
and electors of Clark township, Clinton county, Ohio, for
the repeal of all law-* enacted or adopted by Congress for
the support of slavery in the District ot Columbia.
Also, the petition of Charles Cline and 99 others, citizens
and t lectors of Clark township, Clinton county, Ohio,
against the admission of more slave States into the Union.
Also, the petition of John M. Dingee and 101 others, citi-
zens and electors of Clark township, Clinton county, Ohio,
for tt.e establishment and protection of freedom in the terri-
tories of the United States.
Al-o, the petition of Robert White and 30 others, citizens
ofGratia township, Preble county, Ohio, for establishing the
rates of postage on prepaid letters at two ccnts per half
; ounce.
I By Mr. SPRAGUE: The petition of citizens of Flower-
j field, Miehnran. to secure to tii«itue« a trial by jury; for
freedom in the territories; against toe admission of slave
; States into ttie Union ; and torr-pealol all laws saaetioa-
j ing slavery in the District of Columbia.
I AWo, the petition of citizens of Richland, for the same,
i Also, the petition of citizens of Barry county, forthesame.
] Also, the petition of citizens of Cass county, for the same,
j Al-o, the petition of citizens of Union city, for the same.
Also, the petition of citizens of Saline, tor tho same.
Bv Mr. McLANAHAN: The memorial of citizens of
■ Cumberland countv, Pennsylvania, reprbseniing the busi-
i ne*< of the manufacture of iron in.that vicinity as in a very
' depressed and ruinous condition, affecting injuriously the
prices of agricultural productions and of labor, and praying
I a modification of the tariff of duties on iron.
By Mr. FITCH: Four several petition-, of citizens of
Marshall county, Indiana, asking that all laws enacted or
adopted by Congiess recognizing slavery m the District of
.Columbia, be repealed, or the seat of Government be re-
moved > that the right of trial by jury be gianted to fugitive
slaves; that slavery and the slave trade be piohibitfd in toe
United States territories; that no State bo hereafter admit-
ted into the Union unless the constitution of such State
prohibit slavery.
Dy Mr. SOHERMERHORN : The petition of 19 members
of the Bar, of the county of Monroe, State of New York,
