1918
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOB&.
Sept "2^
Mr. ASHMUN. I accept the amendment of
the gentleman as a modification of my own.
The question was taken and decided in the affirm-
ative.
So the amendment of Mr. Ashmun, as modified,
was agreed to.
Mr. STANTON", of Tennessee, moved to
amend the bill by the insertion of the following
item:
" And the pay of the superintendent of the naval sehool
at Annapolis shall heat the rate allowed to an officer of his
rank when in service at s>ea."
The question was taken, and the amendment
was agreed to.
Mr. THOMPSON, of Mississippi, moved to
insert the following:
" For complHi ng and perfecting the electro-mnjrhetic en-
gine of Joel liaywood Tatum, the sum of $10 000, to he
expended under the supervision of the Secretary of the
Navy, in enabling thesaid J. H. Tatum to perfect his electro-
magnetic engine according to the plan proposed by him,
the said work to be conducted and managed exclusively by
said J H. Tatum."
Mr. THOMPSON, of Mississippi, remarking
that at this stage of the session st was impossible
to go into an explanation of this invention, said he
wouid merely state that this young man, who was
.without means, hail started an invention which, in
his (Mr. T.V) opinion, could apply this great
power of electricity as a motive power. He was
unable at the pre&ent lime to complete his inven-
tion—he had noa^enttogo round the Capitol. All
he asked, and all he (Mr. T.) asked for him, was
that he might be enabled to perfect his invention.
He (Mr. T.) believed he was far in advance of
Professor Page.
Mr. H0LV1ES made some inquiry, not heard
by the Reporter.
Mr. THOMPSON, in reply. The invention of
Mr. Tatum does not conflict with the machine of
Professor Page. Mr. Tatum applies his power on
the periphery of the wheel; Mr. Page uses the
crank, the piston and cylinder; Mr. Tatum's wheel
weighs near a thousand pounds, and is divided into
sixteen sections. He can use sixteen batteries,
having one for each section; as yet, with very in-
adequate means, he has been able only to apply
one nattery to one section, which ha3 given him
thirty revolutions in a minute. His works are
very imperfect, and everything has been done on
the cheapest scale; he has thus far used only twen-
ty pounds of wire. With the means necessary to
complete his engine, he was persuaded he would
far exceed anything which Professor Page has-
done, with his appropriation of $20,000. Profes
sor Page uses six hundred pounds of wire, with
twelve helices of fifty pounds each. When his
attention was first called to the invention of Mr.
Tatum, he doubted his success, on account of the
supposed impossibility of making the necessary
works, to give the wheel sufficient speed. But
since he had witnessed the experiments of Profes-
sor Page, he believed the success of Mr. Tatum
was ctrtain. He svould state a single proposition:
at the speed already acquired with twenty pounds
of wire, which is one sixteenth of his power, he
exerts one fifth of a horse power. With improved
machinery, he was convinced his results would be
most astonishing. The great difference bttween
the proposition of Professor Page and Mr. Tatum
is this: Professor Page's is so complicated that it
can never be reduced to practical use; while that of
Mr. Tatum is so simple and plain, that the com-
monest mind may comprehend and manage it.
For the information of the House, he hoped the
following letter from Mr. Tatum to him might be
read:
Washington, September 16,1850.
To the Hon. J. Thompson :
Dear Sir : Yours ot August 24th caine to hand in due
time. J have delated aus-vvennj:, tor the purpose of carrying
through >ome expej tments, for which 1 was then prepanng,
and which place it m my power to answer more &au tae-
torily.
For months past 1 have been able to revolve my prima
mover, which is of about mne bundled pounds weight, wuh
a very small proportion of battery and magnets, necessary
to render mv engine complete.
On the i2vh instant L applied a small battery which would
not fill the space of one third of a cubic foot, ro one section
of m gnets, (the engine to contain sixteen when complete.)
The magnet* m use are too -mall and ve y inferior in con-
Btniouon, bur with these, upon very imperfect cut-off*, (or
heaK^fX was enabled to revolve the wheel (T J E) ihe
prime mover ot nine hundred pound* from twelve or thir-
teen revolutions. By some slight adjustments duitnc the
day I was enabled to piocuiesixteen revolutions per minute.
The wheel is four feet diameter, and the. engine is so simply
constructed as to require but twelve to fifteen pounds to
overcome the inertia and friction, and place ihe engine in
motion. This power must b-j applied to the periphery of the
wheel, however, which is equal to gixty to seveniy-five
pounds on an eighteen inch stroke upon a piston and ciauk.
The engine, at present, exposes considerable surface to at
mosphe'ric resii-tance. which can be nearly or entirely re-
moved by a small outlay of money.
I wouid state to you that the engine throughout is very
imperfect, not being correct in any one point; many of
which are organic, and would require a n^w engine to cor-
rect them. Home, however, can be corrected upon the en-
gine I now have, and I have already placed the work in the
hands of the machinist. soon a-* I am able to get these
corrections made, I will again place the engine under a
series of tests, from which 1 mu<t very rationally expect
much higher results. In fact, I fe< I satisfied that I ran,
with the same magnets (eight pounds each) and battery I
before used, produeea coercive force equal to Unity pounds
upon the periphery of the wheel, under an action ot tiurrv to
forty revolutions per minute, ( hope to obtain sixty ) This
would lie near twelve thousand pounds, one foot high in one
minute, <qual to about two filths of*a nors-e power. This is
but one. sixteenth of the whole power, without estimating
the advantage I obtain by induced magnetism in the adding
of the remaining sections. This will be considerable, as is
easy of demonstration; and us value i-, upon my judgment,
worth at lea t one quarter to one third the whole power ot
the sections in their isolated action troin which I made the
estimates above.
My opinion is, that the electro-magnet (winch has been
condemned by all the philo>ophers oi Europe and America,
Professor Pane included) can be marie to operate the largest
machinery now in use with more power, perfection, and
reauianty, than is now done by steam or otherwise ; and the
onlv doubt on my mind is as to the economy.
From my observations in my own experiments, and those
of Professor Page, I am frte to express the confident belief
that the voltaic current, necessary to propel the machinery
of the world, can lie produced as cheap as steam,  n the
prime co^t, and possibly much cheaper, as the demand now
produced by the telegraph and other uses have made its
economj ol consideration, which has already shown itself in
a veiy great advance in its cheap production; and should
that demand now be increased by the application to motive
power, the talent and ingenuity of mankind would at once
be commanded in perfecting battery , rrar.gijments, winch,
doubtless, is cu cepiible of vas-t improvement. These thine?
are p'am to evorv one, and at once sntrge.-tthat if electricity,
in its piesent incipient, infantile state, could perform at
double the cost, that in a few years at most,?l would far sur-
pass steam in us economy—refractibilUy. What is steam
now and steam five years after Fulton propelled the fir<t
boat? The same lesson is taught throughout the history of
every science and discovery.
With the above facts before me, and the many disadvan-
tages under which I have la'ored, and vow struggle, I feel
that I have everything to hope and nothing to fear, unless it
is, that I shall be so circumscribed in my means that I can-
not put to practice what is within my reach with means
sufficient. Of this, however, 1 am now satisfied, that sooner
or later the iriumph of elcctucity over steam will be com-
memoMtcd l>y all mankind.
Attd if X tail for want ol means, I will at least show the
wot id how the end may be attained; and some one more
tonunate than tri>self* (in Ike purse) will rt ap the reward,
and perhaps the [tonor.
You speak of Professor Page and his experiments. I have
seen them. We do not conflict in any point. His/Aeon/is
his ou.li; and he may succeed, and so may L And the only
competition is as to efficiency ami economy. If I fail, I hope
most sincerely his success, for the good ot mankind and tiie
glory of our country. With great regard, I am,
JOEL HAVWOOD TATUM.
Mr. BAYLY. I wish to ask my friend from
Mississippi whether he has quitted the economical
"wing" of the Democratic party permanently, or
'only for this occasion? [Laughter.]
Mr. THOMPSON. I am goingupon true Dem-
ocratic principles. Here is a poor man, a man of
genius; as a Democrat 1 want to raise an humble
man, and give hiin an opportunity to perfect his
own invention. I believe it is an invention of im-
mense importance to the nation and to the world.
The Commissioner of Patents proposes, in his re-
port, to give to the man who shall succeed in ap-
plying electricity as a motive power, a premiurri of
§100,000. Here is a young man without means,
who, t believe, has hit upon the right invention.
He tells me that there are speculators enough who
will advance all he asks, if he will give them one
half of the interest in it. Now, i ask this Con-
gress if they are not willing—if it is not true De-
mocracy—to give this young man his pittance to
proceed in an enterprise which, successfully ear-
ned out, will prove a great blessing, not only to us
but to all mankind.
Mr. FOWLER inquired whether the invention
had ever been tested ?
Mr. THOMPSON replied. No committee of
Congress, it is true, has examined and reported on
this invention. It is m an imperfect state, and the
very object of the appropriation is to enable the
inventor to complete his engine. But at the last
session of Congress, Congress appropriated twenty
thousand dollars to send Professor Page into the
field and to find an invention. The public have
the results before them. But here we have an in-
vention sufficiently advanced to demonsuate its
ultimate triumph.
Mr. JONES. I wish to ask my friend from
Mississippi one question: Under what provision of
the Constitution does the Government find the
authority to make this appropriation ?
Mr. THOMPSON. Under what provision of
the Constitution does the Government find the,
power to make an appropriation to pay the 4tStorm
King*' (as he is called) for looking after storms ?
Mr. JONES. 1 thought the gentleman was op-
posed to that appropriation. I was.
Mr. THOMPSON, in reply. That is true.
But our opinions did not prevail; and under that
clause of the Constitution which gives Congress
the power to promote the progress of science and
useful arts by securing patents to the inventors of
useful discoveries, appropriations have heretofore
been made in similar cases, and he wished not to
see the Constitution run upon an humble son of
genius. He hoped the appropriation would be
made, and he believed it would result in a great
blessing to mankind.
Mr. STRONG was opposed to this amendment.
It was an attempt to connect the Government with
individual enterprise. This was but one of the
thousands of cases of individuals engaged in useful'
experiments throughout the country, and we
ought not to single out an individual case. He
sincerely hoped that the young man might be suc-
cessful. The inventor should have his best wishes.
But when these gentlemen come to us to obtain
from the Treasury the means of carrying on these
operations, he was inclined to stop at once. He
was not willing that the Government should con-
nect itself with these individual enterprises.
Mr. THOMPSON, of Mississippi, inquired
whether Congress had not already given $20,000
to Professor Page to assist him in his experiments,
and there was no doubt he had made important
discoveries. Now, this appropriation is asked for
to protect a discovery which is already m our
hands.
Mr. STRONG resumed. Because we have
made such an appropriation once, it was not to be
argued that we ought to do it again. He did not
recognize the power of the House~to make ap-
propriations for such purposes. The Constitution
provides that we can protect the rights of invent-
ors in their discoveries by giving them patents,
and it does not give us the power to offer pre-
miums to ail those who may make discoveries
hereafter. This discovery may b'e all that it has
been represented to be by the gentleman from Mis-
sissippi, but it had not been submitted to an ex-
amination by the proper department of the Gov-
ment. It had beenonly recommended by individual
opinions—very respectable opinions, no doubt, but
still they were only the opinions of individuals—
and if it was even proper that we should give what
is now asked for, we ought to have higher testi-
mony in favor of the discovery than has yet been
furnished. He was altogether opposed to the em-
barkation of Government in any of these individ-
ual enterprises, although they might hereafter turn
out to be very profitable. He knew of no better
reason which could be brought forward in favor of
this discovery, than could be urged in favor of a
superior mo e of tanning hides. Both of these
might be defended on the ground'that they were
public benefits, and they rested precisely on the
same pi maple. lie contended thnt Congress had
ho authority from the Constitution to make ap-
propriations for all who are engaged in experi-
ments which they expect will turn out beneficial
to the country.
Mr. FEATHERSTON moved to strike out of
the amendment §10,000 and insert $12,000.
He desired to say that this question of the right
of Congress to appropriate money for the assistance
of scientific men, tn the prosecution of their experi-
ments, ought to have been considered before it
was a agreed to give $20,000 to Professor Page;
and if it is competent for Congress to make appro-
priations for these purposes, there could be no
more meritorious claim presented than that now
under consideration. It was true the principle had
not been examined by Congress. But-the inventor
asked that his discoveries should be submitted to
the examination of a competent committee^ and
states that he has gone m advance of Professor
Pege in Ins magnetic experiments. He only asks
for a committee to examine his discoveries, and
whose report shall dererm ne whether he is m ad-
vance of Professor Page or any one else. The
applicant has received no aid whatever from Gov-
