826
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
April 25,
•ment submitted by me proposes to appoint certain
Individuals to do the work. That is the only
material difference. •
Mr. WALKER. The point to which I intend-
ed to apply the remark that the proposition of
-the Senator was not a modest one, was this: the
amendment proposes to release thfc contractors
-from their contracts, upon the condition that they
relinquish any claim for damages that they may
•have against the Government for the non-perform-
ance of their part of the contracts. And, sir, a
•vote upon that proposition is just as sure, to my
mind, to bring a claim for damages, in the course
of time, as any one thing is certain that relates to
this business. Sir, a proposition is brought in here
which seems to imply that there has been fault on
the part of the Senate. These men say they cannot
execute the contract. I do not know who they
are, but it is contended by the Senator from
Arkansas, and it is admitted by the contractors
themselves, that they have made bad bargains,
unfortunate contracts, and cannot execute the
printing without serious loss; and it is proposed
that we release them from the further fulfillment of
the contracts, upon the consideration that they
release us from any claim for damages against the
Government for the non-performance of their part
of the contracts. Now, sir, as sure as that amend-
ment is adopted, as sure as it is entertained with
any degree of seriousness here, there will be im-
plied an admission that we have done wrong, left
unfulfilled our duty, and at some future day a
<jlaim will be presented here by these gentlemen
for damages. I know, sir, from observation, as a
member of the Committee on the Contingent Ex
penses of the Senate, that claims have been pre-
sented here based on a less substantial foundation
than such a one would be. Contracts that have
been made during: years that have past and gone,
for binding, stitching, folding, and putting these
documents together, are looked into, and if it is
found that there can be obtained any extra allow-
ance for any portion of the work—as, for instance,
the folding of pictures or maps to go into books—
notwithstanding the contract was peifectly plain
that they were not to be allowed for it, individuals
comeforward heteand dun,dun,dun usformonths,
in asking for an allowance for work executed years
ago, and we can scarcely ever get rid of them with-
out granting their claims. I repeat, again, sir,
that these contractors, at the time they were making
their bids, either did or did not know whether they
could fulfill their engagements; if they knew they
could not perform the required obligations, they
perpetrated an act of%aud upon the Senate of the
United States, and if they knew they could do
what was required, but hoped they could eventu-
ally obtain better prices for their work, they are
now insisting upon what amounts to fraud. I do
not charge them with deliberately intending to
defraud the Government, for I do not know the
circumstances under which they entered into these
contracts; but I must say, that at the time these
bids were accepted, if they knew they could not
fulfill them, tney should have allowed some one to
have taken the work who could have done it as it
was directed it should be done.
I consider, sir, that this printing should be relet,
bccause it is clear that we cannot get it done under
the present system of contract; but I would ask,
sir, if in getting it done under other contracts, we
are not only to release the present contractors, but
also to beg of them to release us from any claims to
damages, because they have not fulfilled their
own contracts ? I must say, sir, that in looking at
the public interests, the Senator from Arkansas
looks through other spectacles than those which i
would use. His language is truly astonishing.
Sir, let an example be made of those contractors
who have brought these difficulties in the public
printing, not only upon the Senate but upon the
country, and then they will not occur again.
When we come to relet the work, the contracts
will be taken with a full design to have them car-
ried out. Unless we do this, there certainly will
result an injury and delay to the public business
at every session of Congress. I am willing to re-
lease these men from their contracts, and then to
relet the printing, thereby relieving them from a
duty which they cannot perform. But, as in all
other cases, Jet them pay the forfeit, and I venture
to say that we wiil not have another transaction of
this kind to trouble us; and the malleability of
Congress will not be constantly tried with the pre-
sentation of claims for damages. I do not know,
sir, who these contractors are. I never meddled
with this question of printing. I see documents
laid upon my desk that are marked as printed at
one office and then at another office; but whoever
they may be, they either knew they could not ex-
ecute the work they bid for, or they made a bid
in the hope that they could obtain some future in-
crease in th% price. I was in expectation, sir, that
some explanation would be made by the Senator
from Arkansas, showing that there were some cir-
cumstances, some reasons, rendering it impossible
for them to fulfill their contracts; either that there
had been an advance in the price of paper and
wages, or that the Senate and the House of Rep-
resentatives had thrown some impediments in the
way, rendering it impossible to execute this print-
ing. But, sir, I have heard no explanation of the
kind; and it was to this point in the proposition of
the committee, asking us to releaseahem from their
contracts, at the same time begging of them to re-
lease us from any claims for damages, that I made
the application of the term modest. I shall ins^t
upon a vote on the part of the Senate, directly
upon the amendment I have offered; and if-its
phraseology be not proper, let it be altered for
such phraseology as will best accomplish the ob-
ject in view. If the Senate are willing to be trifled
with longer, let it be known throughout the coun-
try^ Let all the printers in the country come for-
ward and beat down, by way of competition, as
they did in Wisconsin, at one time, to half a cent
on a thousand ems; let them come here and have
a rough-and-tumble fight with the Senate, and at
last overpower us, and obtain more money for the
printing than any honest man would ask at the
^usual fair and honest rates.
Mr. BORLAND. The Senator from Wiscon-
sin proposes to introduce a practice here which 1
think the Senate will hardly sanction—that we
should have a rough-and-tumble fight about the
public printing. For my part, I am not disposed
to go into any such contest. He speaks also as
if this was a proposition coming from the public
printers; as though they had come forward and
made such a proposition. If this be his opinion,
he is altogether mistaken. A resolution wa3 adopt-
ed directing the Committee on Printing to consider
this matter, and to make a report as to what they
thought the Senate had better do to accomplish
their object—that of having the public printing
done in a proper manner and at a proper time.
This resolution was the result of the deliberations
of the committee. The public printers have nothing
whatever to do with it. How it could be consid-
ered as their proposition I cannot say. The Sena-
tor from Wisconsin insists that an example should
be made of these men. He says it is so provided
for in the bond; and I suppose we are to have the
spirit of Shylock carried out here, and claim our
pound of flesh. I cannot agree to legislate in any
such spirit. I cannot agree to execute any legis-
lative vengeance in this instance. If these men
have done wrong, they certainly deserve censure
for it; if they have acted criminally, they cer-
tainly deserve punishment for it; but as i consider
they have only been unfortunate, I am not willing
either to censure or punish. I am also perfectly
willing that a considerable share of the responsi-
bility m this case should be attached to one as
humble as myself. 1 am willing to release them
from any penalties under that bond, and to proceed
as if they had nothing to do with it, and to have
the public printing done in such a manner as will
satisfy the requirements of the Senate, and avoid
the delay and embarrassment to which we have
been thus far subjected.
Mr. WHITCOMB. I understand the Senator
from Arkansas to say that his amendment will
still leave us our remedy against these printers for
the non-performance of their contract.
JVlr. BORLAND. No.
Mr. WHITCOMB. I prefer the amendment
of the Senator from Wisconsin to the proposition
that we are to release them from their contract on
condition that they relinquish all chums upon us
for compensation for damages.
Mr. BORLAND. It is a mutual release.
Mr. WHITCOMB. Well, I am opposed to
waiving all the benefits that may be derived here-
after from a suit for damages from the non-per-
formance of this contract. I am not impressed at
ail with the argument of the Senator, that we
should not resort to the remedy in this case, which
he designates as insisting upon the pound of flesh.
If that is a tenable argument, it is enough to do
away altogether with the system of requiring
bonds. I am not prepared for that. I shall vote
for the amendment of the Senator from Wisconsin,
and I am not clear but that I shall vote against the
proposition as amended afterwards. If this con-
tract has been indiscreetly entered into, and a suffi-
cient compensation has not been allowed, I am
willing to pass a provision absolving the contractors
from all their obligations, on condition that they
relinquish all claims against the Government, and
to relet the printing. I am willing, for one, to
undergo all the inconveniences to which we have
been subjected for the want of having the printing
done, until the contract can be again relet, and the
system fully tested. 1 know of no other plan that,
to my mind, is free from objection. If we adopt
this course, I think that we shall get along, and I
certainly know of no other that will secure us in
the prompt execution of the work.
Mr. FOOTE. I should like to hear the amend-
ment of the Senator from Wisconsin read.
It was read by the Secretary.
Mr. FOOTE. I do not profess to understand
this matter at all, not having examined into it, not
being a practical printer myself, and being without
the means of ascertaining correctly the facts of the
case possessed by the members of the Committee
on Printing. I must confess that I do distrust my
own judgment in reference to any part of the sub-
ject now under consideration; but it strikes me
that the amendment of the Senator from Wiscon-
sin is improper, for one or two reasons, which I
am inclined to state. I do not understand, in the
first placc, it to be an ascertained fact—ascertained
judicially at least, or through any form that by
analogy can be called judicial—that this contract
has been actually violated in the manner which
this amendment presupposes. In the absence of
the ascertainment of this fact with certainty, it
must be obviou3, 1 think, to the Senator from
Wisconsin, that his amendment is out of place,
because it is based on the imputation that a viola-
tion of the existing contract has occurred to such
an extent as to render it proper that steps should
be immediately taken to recover the proper penalty
for the non-performance of the contract. That is
my first objection. My second is this: Between
private individuals, it does not follow, by any
means, that every violation of a contract should
cause a suit between the parties. A may purchase
an estate of B at too high a price. He may mis-
understand the value of the property, or he may
purchase it at a time when property is nominally
very high in the market, and owing to a sudden
reduction in the value of it, may find himself un-
able to pay for it at all, or without necessarily in-
curring pecuniary rum. If A should be applied
to under such circumstances, I take it for granted,
if he be a magnanimous man, and a liberal spirited
person, if he did not release B from that contract
which thus threatened to be ruinously onerous
upon him, he would at least consent to such modi-
fication of it, if it did not deeply prejudice his own
pecuniary resources, as would relieve the unfortu-
nate man from the full effect of the contract which
had proved to be so ruinous to him. If this be the
general social principle applied to cases of this sort;
if an individual is properly considered by liberal
men as unkind, grinding, oppressive, and even
iniquitous, when he attempts to enforce by a legal
remedy an existing contract, under such circum-
stances as I have named, I ask if the proposition is
not still clearer, and if there are not much stronger
reasons that a Government like ours, representing
! the majesty of twenty millions of freemen, and of
vast resources, should not conceive itself bound,
in all cases where contracts are made with its citi-
zens which turn out not to have been fulfilled to the
letter, by any sense of official duty, to enforce
rigidly the contracts thus entered into with individ-
uals? 1 take it for granted that in all such cases
! there will be a liberal regard paid to all the circum-
: stances of the case. If, owing to mistakes or errors
| of any kind (and error is the word ustd by the
Senator from Wisconsin) in the taking of the con-
| tract, or if, owing to a change of circumstances, or
I any other state of facts that would justify and ex-
! cuse the individuals who had not complied with
the contract, absolve them from the charge of
having been influenced by bad motives, and show
I that they had done the best they could under the
I circumstances to comply faithfully with the con-
