1850.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
aa?r
tract thus entered into, would it be magnanimous,
would it be proper, would it be decent, would it
be righteous in the Government rigidly to enforce
such a contract, when the result might be the entire
destruction, in a pecuniary sense, of the individuals
thus contracting? In other words, as the Senator
frorn Arkansas said, it never can be proper, nor
consistent with our national dignity, for our Gov-
ernment, upon the principle of Shyiock, to exact
the pound of flesh from the innocent man who
may have entered into a contract with it, with
which he finds it impossible for him to comply.
Then it does not follow of course, even admitting
the fact, which I understand is not the case, that
the violation of the contract is an ascertained mat-
ter, that, it is the duty of the Government to
enforce rigidly the penalty of the law upon the
individuals who have been thus involved in a vio-
lation of it. The duty of the Government is first
to look into the circumstances of the case, and
ascertain whether the parties are criminally in
default; in other words, to ascertain whether their
motives were good, their intentions pure, and
whether they had done the best they could under
the circumstances; and then, I have no hesitation
in saying that if the Government were to enforce
the contract rigidly, and in a spirit of vengeance,
it would be disgraced and degraded in the estima-
tion of every respectable man in the universe. It
could not be otherwise. My friend from Wiscon-
sin will allow me to say that he is not exhibiting
his usual graciousness on this occasion, his usual
kindness of feeling.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Senator will
remember that personal allusions are not in order.
Mr. FOOTE. Well, sir, if I have violated the
rules of order in saying that a Senator has not ex-
hibited his usual graciousness, 1 am willing to put
it to the test. 1 say again, as I said before, in per-
fect kindness, that the Senator, I think, has not
exhibited his usual graciousness on this occasion.
I should consider that a compliment; and if a man
should say that of me, I should hold up my head
with considerable exultation. My friend has not
acted with his accustomed graciousness in this
matter. I think he has pressed this matter a little
too zealously, and I am almost inclined to suspect
my friend at some period of his life of having
played the part of a district attorney—a most re-
spectable office indeed—from the zealous spirit he
manifests on this occasion.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Chair thinks
it is not in order thus to refer peisonally to a Sen-
ator.
Mr. FOOTE. Then I really do not know what
is in order. I do not know how a man can talk
about anything than the conduct of a Senator when
replying to him.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The gentleman
was referring to what might have been the Sena-
tor's pursuits heretofore.
Mr. FOOTE. I made no charge. I said that
ope might almost be inclined to suppose, from the
present zeal of the Senator, that he had formerly
occupied the high and responsible station of dis-
trict attorney. I should suppose that to be rather
a compliment to him. If, however, it is discred-
itable to have occupied the office of district attor-
ney, then I confess I am in fault. However, if
such is the opinion of the Chair, I will not pur-
sue the matter further. I will say, then, that I
considered my friend to have pressed this matter
too rigidly, because he insists that we should, in
the language of this amendment, take legal steps i im-
mediately—as if there was dangerof some imagin-
ary culprit's fleeing beyond the reach of the law.
Take steps immediately—have them seized at
once—and have the penalties of the law enforced
against the criminals at once—that is the idea con-
veyed. All this is calculated to create with many
the impression that my friend from Wisconsin has
found some great criminality in theoffice, and that,
in order to biing the offenders to justice, an imme-
diate resort to the law is necessary. I can see no
harm myself in theamendment offered by the Sen-
ator from Arkansas; and I must say that it does
seem to me that we cannot adopt this amendment
of the Senator from Wisconsion, under all the at-
tendant circumstances, without the risk of doing
some injustice. At any rate, I am not prepared,
without due ascertainment of the facts, to judge of
the motives of these contractors harshly, nor do I
believe that they have acted criminally. I know
nothing of the particulars of the contract, nor
the Senator from Wisconsin seem to know:
and therefore 1 am sure, as I thought at first, that
he has no personal motive to influence him at all.
I appeal to him then, under the circumstances, if
he knows as little of the'case as I do, whether he
is convinced it is altogether right to urge the Sen-
ate to adopt an amendment which must necessarily
have the effect of operating as a serious imputation
upon the motives of these contractors? Certainly
the amendment authorizes the presumption that
there has been great and criminal misconduct on
the part of these contractors, such as to make it
necessary that the penalties of the contract should
be enforced, and an example offered mamly for the
purpose, as I understood the Senator to urge, of
hereafter deterring individuals contracting with the
Government fiotn a repetition of the offence.
Being never inclined to judge harshly of men's
motives—being never disposed to bring charges
which 1 am not positive can be substantiated—
being always inclined, so far as a reasonable man
can do, to judge the conduct of men with charity
and with an equitable allowance for human infirm-
ities, and with due regard to all the accidental cir-
cumstances connected with the affairs of life, 1,
for one, am not prepared to take it for granted that
the motives of these individuals are so bad as to
render them obnoxious to the charge of being
criminal offenders, and deserving as such of being
immediately brought to justice in the manner pro-
vided for in this amendment.
It seems to me that the amendment of the Sena-
tor from Arkansas is a good one m itself, and I
am prepared to vote for it in its present form,
or for the proposition as originally introduced,
and I will give my reasons therefor. Neither my
friend from Wisconsin nor myself pretend tq
know much about the principles of this case. The
Committee on PnnLing, however, have had this
whole subject before them; the chairman of the
committee is somewhat experienced in matters of
printing, and the whole subject has been closely
investigated by them, 1 presume, and as the re-
sult of their labors we have this amendment. I
think the Senate should, under the circumstances,
to a great extent be prepared to defer to the judg-
ment of a committee like this, remarkable for its
diligence and skill in the pertormance of its labors.
For myself, I certainly am not fully informed in
regard to this matter, and therefore, after the ex-
amination which I am certain has been bestowed
upon ii by the Committee on Printing, I am will-
ing to follow their lead in regard to it. At all
events, I am not disposed rigidly and unkindly,
without due investigation, and without stronger
reasons therefor than I have heard this morning,
to vote for the amendment of the Senator from
Wisconsin, conveying, as I am convinced it does,
such serious imputations on these contractors.
And now, if I have said anything unkind or
uncourteous to the Senator from Wisconsin, I beg
his pardon, and that of the Senate.
Mr. WALKER, (in his seat.) Certainly not.
Mr. CLEMENS. 1 was glad to hear the Sen-
ator from Mississippi say that he was inclined to
go with the printing committee, and that he had
full reliance upon them. Now, it happens that
the printing committee rejected this amendment of
the Senator from Arkansas, and it is not the prop-
osition of the printing committee at all. It does
not come to the Senate with the sanction of that
committee. I must also be permitted to say that I
do not see the iniquity or the crying injustice of
enforcing contracts entered into under the circum-
stances m which this was. How was it made?
Wasitwith men who did not understand what tiiey
were doing? Did they not know precisely the terms
on which they were to have the woik executed,
and the penalties if riiey did not? Most certainly.
Upon wh^t ground, then, can they ask a recision
of the contract thus made? The Senator from Mis-
sissippi says that there is no evidence that the con-
tract has not been executed. Why, there is evi-
dence of the fact all around us. Who of us has yet
received the President's message and the accompa-
nying documents, the very things upon which we
are required to legislate ? These are not here. Is
not that evidence of misconduct? Is that not evi-
dence that thecontracthasnot been fulfilled ? What
stronger evidence is wanted than the fact that we
are not able to procure a single document at the
time we want it. At the very beginning of the
session a resolution was adopted calling for inform-
ation in relation to California. We have nearly
finished our legislation on California; arid we have ■
not yet received this information. Yes,' sir, there
has been misconduct; and by whofri -has it been
committed ? Not by those inexperienced, by those
who did not know what they were doing. There
is no pretence that they were taken in," They
took the contract, knowing they could not execute
it on the terms agreed upon. They took it, no
doubt, as was intimated by theSenator from Wis-
consin, relying on the generosity of Congress to
give them additional compensation.
The Senator from Mississippi said it would -be
acting the part of a Shyiock for the Senate to en-
force a contract of that sort. Sir, we have duties
to perform besides feeding men from the public
crib. One of those duties which we owe to our
constituents is to watch over the public treasury
and see that the money goes out of it for honest
purposes. This amendment will not put less than
$50,000 into the hands of these contractors, for it
does not stop with merely releasing them from
their contract. We must go on and pay them a
bonus. And for what? For not doing their work
as they ought to have done, and as they contracted
to do. The amendment says " for all work not
yet delivered and paid for they shall receive the
same compensation as shall be awarded to the
persons who may be selected by Congress to exe-
cute the remainder of the work." They have
been paid for none of the Senate wonk as yet,
and they are to receive not less than §50,000 by the
operation of this amendment. And for what are
we called upon to give it to them ? Because they
have kept from us the information necessary for
our accurate and proper legislation. I am in favor
of the amendment of the Senator from Wisconsin,
and we do not want any evidence to prove that
there has been misconduct. The complaints that
are daily made, and what we see all around us, is
sufficient evidence of that fact.
Mr. FOOTE. 1 wish to observe that 1 have
been very much misunderstood by my friend from
Alabama. At any rate, 1 feel that 1 have a little
more right now to ask that he cooperate with me in
this matter. It does so happen that I sptgke in favor
of the amendment of the Senator from Arkansas,
and said it was, as I understood it to be, the prop-
osition of the committee. I acknowledge what
I said at the time, and if the Senator from Alabama
will look into the matter more closely, he will find
that the amendment of the Senator from Arkansas
is, in all substantial respects, the 'proposition
of the committee, it proposes to do the same
thing precisely, in a somewhat more convenient
mode. I confess my prem-ence for the amend-
ment of the Senator from Arkansas, but I do
not care a great deal whether it or the proposi-
tion of the committee be adopted. 1 prefer the
amendment of the Senator from Arkansas, mainly
because it allows us to exercise somewhat more
of our own judgment in regard to thfe individuals
who are to do the work, than would be the case
under the proposition of the committee. I am op-
posed to the amendment of the Senator from
Wisconsin, for certain reasons which I have stated,
and which reasons, the Senator from Alabama
will permit me to say, I have not yet heard an-
swered. 1 decline going into the discussion as to
the criminality of the contractors, for reasons
which I think onght to be perfectly satisfactory.
1 am not sufficiently acquainted with the facts in
the case, and prefer, therefore, to rely on the judg-
ment of the committee who haveexammed them.
1 intend, however, to find out the real facts of the
case, and give them the fullest scrutiny before I
vote definitively. I am now engaged in certain
proceedings which 1 trust will supply me with full
and accurate information in regard to this subject,
and when I obtain that information, it may hap-
pen that 1 shall concur with the Senator from
Alabama, but at present my infoimation does not
enable me to unite with-him in support of the
amendment of the Senator from Wisconsin, which
I understand absolutely to adjudge the question
of the criminality of the contractors. I wish to
look into the case before 1 pronounce them to be
officially unworthy to the extent which 1 conceive
them to be charged by the Senator from Wiscon-
sin. Furthermore, I wish to be satisfied that, even
if they have failed to fulfill their contract, it is
consistent with the dignity of the nation that we
should pursue them to the extent which is pro-
posed by the Senator from W isconsin. I am op-
posed to that amendment, because it adjudicates
