rliU
1922
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
Sept m
way, the Speaker would call gentlemen by their
names—gentlemen who did not suspend conver-
sation.
The question was then taken on the said amend-
ment,and resulted—yeas 135, nays 47; as foilow:
YEAS—Messrs. Alexander, Allen, Alston, Anderson,
Andrews, AMimun, Baker, Bavly, Bissull, Bokee. Booth,
Bowdon, Bowie, Breck, Briirgs, Brooks, Buel, Buriow*,
Burt, Chester Butler, Thomas B. Butter, E. C. Cabell, G.
A. Caldwell, Calvin, Campbell, Cartter. Casey, Chandler,
Clarke, Cleveland, Clingman, Cole, Corwin, Crowell, De-
b«rry, Dickey, Dimmick, Disney, Dixon, Doty, Duncan,
Durkee, Edmundson, Eiiot, Alexander Evans, Ewmg, Pitch,
Fowler, Fuller, Gilbert, Goodenow, Gorman, Gott, Gould,
Giinuell, Halloway, Hampton, Hay, Haymond, Hebard,
Henry, Hibbard, tlolladav, Holmes, Houston, Howard,
Howe, Hunter, Joseph W. Jackson, James L. Johnson,
Robert W. Johnson, Kerr, George G. King, James G. King,
John A. King, La S&re, L^ffl'-r, Levin, Horace Mann, Mar-
shall, Mason, Matteson, McClernand, McDowell, McKis-
eock, Robert M. McLane, McMullen, Meacbam, Million,
Moore, Morehead, Morton, Nelson, Ogle, Orr, Outlaw, Par-
ker, Peaslee, Phcenix, Pitman, Poller, Powell, Putnam,
Reed, Reynolds, Risley, Robbws, Robinson, Rockwell, Ross,
Ruirney, Sackett, Scherrnerhorn, Schoolcraft, Silvester,
Spauldnig, Sprague, Stanly, Frederick P. Stanton, Richard
H. Stanton, Thaddeus Stevens, T.iylor, Jacob Thompson,
James Thompson, Thurman, Tuck, Underbill, Vinton,
Walden, Walkms, Wellborn, Wentworih, White, VVil-
3iam«, and Wood—lli/v
NAYS—Messrs. Albertson, A-be, Biy, Beale, Bingham,
Bowlin, Albert G. Brown, Jo-  ph Cable, Joseph P. Cald-
well, W. R. W. Cobb, DantPl, Nathan Evan*, Feathnrston,
Freedley, Gerry, Green, Hall, Hamilton, Isham G. Harris,
Sampson W. Ham.-, Thomas L. Harris, Hubbard, Andrew
Johnson, Jones. Julian, Kiufman, Preston King, Littleficld,
Job Mann, M'-Lariahan, McQueen, Miller. Morris, Phelp-,
Richaid^on, Root, tfavaae, Savvtello. Stetson, Strong, John
B. Thompson, Waldo, Wallace, Whittlesey, Wildrick.,
Woodward, and Young—47.
So the amendment was agreed to.
Some conversation followed, on a suggestion
made by Mr. Ashmun, as to the order in which
the amendments had been reported from the
Committee of the Whole on the state of the
Union. It led to no motion.
The question now being upon concurring in the
following amendment of the committee to the ap-
propriation for the mail steamers, upon which Mr.
Richardson called for a separate vote:
« Provided, Jurther, That nothing herein contained shall
be constiued as a confirmation or ratification of any depart-
ure from the original contract (or building said learners
and transporting the mails, which has occurred heretofore,
Without the sanction t>f the Secretary of the Navj : Jind
prorided, further, That the Secretaiy f«hall report to the next
session of Congress wh.it departures trom the contracts
have been made, showing which were with and which
without the sanction of the Navy Department; and alto
report each omission or failure to carry the mail according
to the terms of the contract"—
Mr. JONES demanded the yeas and nays*, and
they were ordered.
Mr. HARRIS^ of Tennessee, inquired how
many amendments were pending ?
The SPEAKER responded,some seven.
Mr. BCJRT moved that the House adjourn.
Mr. JONES demanded the yeas and nays on
that motion; which were refused.
The question was taken,and the House refused
to adjourn.
The question was then taken on the amendment,
and it was rejected—yeas 46, nays 130; as follow:
YEAS—Messrs. Anderson, A^he, Bingham, Burt, Joseph
Cable, Calvin, Casey, W. R. W. Cobb, Corwin, Crowell,
Diekev, Durkee, Nathan Evan-?, Fyatherston, G«rry. Green,
Hall, Hamilton, Isha n G. Han is, Hebaid,Hubbaid, Hunter^
Joseph W. Jackson, Andre,w Johnson, Jones., Piesron Kimr,
liulcfi'-ld, Ilorrtce Mann, Job Mann, Marshall, McLanahan,
Robeif M. McLane, McQueen, Meaeham, Miller, Morns,
Otis, Phelps, Reed, Savage, Strong, Waldo, Wallace, Well-
born, Wildrick, and Young—40.
NAYS—Messrs. Albeit-on, Allen, Alston, Andrews, A: h-
mun, Baker, Bayly, Beale, Bissell, Bokee, Booth, Bowdon,
Bowie, Breck, Briggs, Brooks, Albert G. Brown, Bunows,
Thomas B. Butler, E. C. Cabell, Geoige A. Caldwell, Joseph
P. Caldwell, Campbell, Cartier, Chandler, Clarke, Cleve-
land, Clingman, Cole, Daniel, Deberry, Dimmick, Disney,
Dixon, Doty, Duncan, Edmundson, Eliot, Alexander Evans,
JSwing, Fitch, Fowler, Fuller, Gilbert, Goodcmovi, Gorman,
Gott, Gould, Grmnell, Halloway, Hampton, Hailan, Samp-
son W. Harris, Thomas L. Hasri-?, Hay, Haymond, Hemy,
Hibbaid, Holladay, Holme*-', Houston, Howard, Howe,
James L.Johnson, Robert W. Johnson, Julian, Kerr,Geor <;
G. King, James G. King, John A. King, La S&ie, l.effler,
Levin, Mason, Mattenun, McClernaud, McDowell, Mclvts-
sock, McMullen, Millson, Moore, Morehead, Morton, Nel-
son, Oele, Orr, Outlaw, Paiker, Peaslce, Phoenix, Pitman,
Potter," Putnam, Reynolds, Riclisudson, Risley, Robbms,
Robinson, Rockwell, Root, Ross, Rumsey, Sackett, Scher-
merhorn, Schoolcraft, Silvester, Spaul.img, Spiague, Stanly,
F.P.Stanton, R. H. Stanton, Thaddeus Stevens, Stetson,
Taylor, Jacob Thompson, James Thompson, J. B. Thomp-
son, Thui man,Tuck, tJnderhill,> Venable, Vinton. Waidon,
Watktns, Wentworth, White, Whittlesey, WUlams, Wood,
and Woodward—130,
« Mr. McLANE, of Maryland, moved that the
House adjourn, which motion was negatived—
ayes 28, noes 81.
The next question was on concurring in the fol-
lowing amendment of the committee:
« Prod-led, That flogging in the navy is hereby abolished,
from and after the passage of this act."
The yeas and nays were demanded, ordered,
and taken, and the question was carried in the af-
firmative—yeas 131, nays 29; as follow:
YEAS—Messrs. Albertson, Allen, Anderson, Ashmun,
Baker, Bay, Beale, Bingham, Bokee, Booth, Bowie, Bow-
lin, Brissr*, Brooks, Burrows, Joseph Cable, G. A. Caldwell,
J. P. Caldwell, Calvin, Campbell, Cartter, Casey,Chandler,
Clarke, Cleveland, W. R. W. Cobb, Cole, Corwin, Crowell,
Deberry. Dickey, Dimmick, Disnev, Dixon. Doty, Duncan,
Durkee, Edmundson, A. Evan«, Nathan Evans, Feather-
ston, Fitch, Fowler, Fuller, Gerry, Goodenow, Gorman,
Gott,-Gould, Grinnell, Hall, Halloway, Hamilton. Hamcton,
Harlan, T«hnm G. Harris, Hav, Hebarri, Howard, Howe,
Hunter, Jame* L. Johnson, Robert W. Johnson, Jones,
Julian, Kerr. George G. King, Preston Kins, Leffler, Levin,
Littlefield, Horace Mann, Job Mann, Marshall, Mason,
Maiteson. McDowell, McLanahan, McMullen, Meaeham,
Miller, Millson, Moore, Morris, Morton, Ogle, Olds, CM-*,
Peaslee. Peck, Phelp«, Pitman, Potter. Putnam, Reed, Rey-
nolds. Richardson, Risley, Robbing Robinson, Rockwell,
Root, Ro^«s, Rum^ey, Sackett, Sa\nge, Schoolcraft, Silves-
ter, Spaulding, Sprague, Stanly, Frederick P. Stanton, R.
H. Rianton. Thaddous Steven?, Stetson, Strong, Jacob
Thompson, Jamos Thompson. John B. Thompson, Tuck,
Underbill, W.ilden, Waldo, Watkinc, Weritwoith. White,
Whittlesey, Wildrick, William®, Wood, and Wright—131.
NAYS-Mp«r«. Akron, Andrew*, Ba\!v, Bowdon,
Breck. Burt. E. Carrington Cabell, Eliot, Gilbert, Henrv,
Holladav, Honsfon, Hubbard, Joseph W. Jackson, JamesG.
King, John A. King, La Sere, McKissock,McQueen, More-
head, Nelson, Orr, Pai krr, Thurman, Van Dyke, Venable,
Vinton, Wallace, and Woodward—20.
Mr. CARTTERmoved that the House adjourn.
Decided in the negative.
The question was then taken, and carried in the
affirmative, on the following; amendment, upon
which Mr Venable had asked a separate vote:
"And the Secretary of the Navy is hereby directed, in
making contracts and purchases of articles for naval pur-
poses, to give the preference, all other things, including
price and quality, being equal, to articles of the growth,
production, and manufacture ol the United States."
The following amendment, upon which Mr.
Wildrick called a separate vote, was then con-
curred in:
" And the pay of the Superintendent of the Naval School
at Annapolis shall he at the rate allowed to an officer of his
rank when in service at sea."
The following amendment was concurred in
without 8 division:
<l And that the pay of Engineer WardB. Burnett, at the
navy-yard, Philadelphia, be two thousand three hundred
and forty-seven dollars, commencing at the time of his ap-
pointment, on the. first day of February, 1849.'7
The House then concurred in the amendment of
the committee upon which Mr. Fowler had asked
a separate vote, making an appropriation of one
hundred thousand dollars for the erection of a dry
dock in California.
The question was now upon concurring in the
following amendment of the committee:
"Jhid he ?£ further enacted, That the Secretary of the Navy
is authoM/.ed", =hould he deem it practicable, to employ such
part of the naval force as mav be necessary to remove the
wreck of the steam-frigate Missouri, lying in the harbor
of Gibraltar." ,
Mr. JONES demanded the yeas and nays, but
they were not ordered.
The question was then taken on the amend-
ment, and it was agreed to.
All the amendments having been disposed of,
The SPEAKER said the question would be on
i ordering the bill to be engrossed for a third read-
' ing.
! Mr. BAYLY called for the previous question.
I Mr. WHITE stated that the words per annum
had been inadvertently omitted from the amend-
ment providing pay for Ward B. Burnett.
The CHAIRMAN said that by common con-
sent the words would be inserted, as it could only
be done by unanimous consent.
Mr. CARTTER objected.
The previous question was then seconded, and
the main question ordered on the engrossment of
the bill; and the question being put, it was carried
in the affirmative.
Mr. FOWLER moved to reconsidered thevote on
the engrossment, and to lay that motion on the table.
Mr. RICHARDSON demanded the yeas and
nays; which were not ordered.
The question was then put on the latter motion
of Mr. Fovler, and carried in the affirmative.
The bill having been engrossed, and the ques-
tion being on its passage,
Mr. BAYLY called for the previous question,
which received a second, and the main question
was ordered.
Mr. GREEN demanded the yeas nays on. the
passage of the bill. They were orderedand taken;
and resulted—yeas 111, nays48$ as follows
YEAS—Messrs. Ajexander, Anderson, Andrews^ Asfc-
mun.
Brooks,
Joseph ^ .   ,     ...... , w .
Clarke, Cleveland, Corwin, Deberry, Dickftv, Dixon, Do&y,
Dunham, Eliot, Alexander Evans, Nathan Evans, Fowler,
Puller, Gerry, Gilbert, Goodenow, Gott, G< uld, GnrmeJl,
Halloway, Hampton, Hay, Haymoncr, Hebaid,Henry, Hous-
ton, Howard, flowe, Hunter, James L,. Johnson, "•-
Johnson, Kerr, George G. King, James G. King, J. A. King,
La S&re, Lefiler, Levin, Littlefield, Marshall, Mason, Mat-
teson, McDowell, McKissock, Robert M. McLane,"Meaeh-
am, Million, Moore, Morehead, Morton, Nelson, Ogle,
Parker, Peaslee, Peck, Pitman, Potter, Putnam-, Reed, Rey-
nolds, Risley, Robbins, Rockwell, Root, Rumsey, Sacfcett,
Sdwtelle, Sc'hermerhorn, Sehoolcratt, Silvct-ter, Spnuldiiig,
Sprague, Stanly, Frederick P. Stanton, Richard H. Stanton,
Stetson, Strong, Taylor, JamesThompson, John jB. Thomp-
son,Thurman,Tuck, Van Dyke, Vinton, Waldo, Wdtkins,
Wentworth, White, Williams, and Wrhht— 111.
NAYS—Messrs. Albertson, Ashe, Bay, Binsham, Bow-
don, Bowlin, Albert G. Brown, Huf 1, Burt, G. A. Caldwell,
Cartter, Clingman, Williamson R. W. Cobb, Crowell, Dis-
ney, Edmnndson. Femherston, Filch. Green, Hall, Hamil-
ton, Harlan, Ish'am G. Harris, Holladay, Inge, Andrew
Johnson, Jone«, Julian, Preston Kins, Horace Mann, Job
Mann, McLanahan, McMullen, McQueen, Miller, Morris,
Orr, Phelps, Richardson. Robinson, Ross, Savage, Venable,
Wallace, Whittlesey, Wildrick, Wood, and Woodward—48.
So the bill was passed.
Mr. BAYLY moved to reconsider the vote by
which it was passed, and to lay that motion on the
table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
Mr. JOHNSON, of Arkansas, (the rules having
been suspended for the purpose,) offered the fol-
lowing resolution:
"Resolved, That the allowance to each member of the
House for stationery arid other articles charged to them by
the postmaster, be limited to the sum of forty-five dollars
for the long, and twenty-five dollars for the'short session of
each Congress."
Mr. J. demanded the previous question on the
adoption of the resolution.
Mr. WENTWORTH appealed to the gentle-
man to withdraw the demand for the previous
question, to enable him to introduce an amend-
ment; which was read, as follows:
" And that the Clerk of this House be directed to pay oul
of the contingent fund of the House to each of the same
class of employs in and about the Capitol who received
the usual compensation at the last session of the Thirtieth
Congress the same amount that was then paid to each indi-
vidual of the same class respecfvely: Provid'.d, That those
employes whose services commenced since the present ses-
sion of Congress commenced, or terminated before this
date, shall only be paid fro rata."
Mr. JOHNSON. 1 withdraw the demand for
the previous question. It has always been usual
to make this allowance to the clerks and messen-
gers. He hoped it would pass.
Mr. CLEVELAND moved that the House ad-
journ; which motion was negatived.
Mr. JONES made a point of order on the reso-
lution, and had the rule read which inhibited the
allowance of extra compensation to any officers or
messengers.
Mr. MASON made some remarks, not distinctly
heard, but understood to be that the Committee on
Accounts had had this matter under consideration,
and made allowances in certain cases, which they
deemed sufficient. He thought there was enough
pay allowed alieady to alt the employees about the
i Capitol.
! Mr. JOHNSON said he would modify his reso-
lution so as to include that offered by the gende-
; man from Illinois, [Mr. Wentworth.]
i The SPEAKER said that the gentleman could
j not modify his amendment so as to include a dif-
1 feient proposition which, if objected to, would have
required a separate suspension..of the rules to ena-
I ble ittobe introduced. The proposition could ba
offered as an amendment, if the previous question
! was withdrawn.
i The demand for the previous question was with-
[ drawn, the amendment received, and the call for
I the previous question renewed.
; Mr. JONES made another point of order, that
1 the amendment was not germane to the original
resolution.
The SPEAKER. The Chair thinks the amend-
I ment is relevant.
Mr. JONES. I should like to know how the
; Chair does think so.
: The question was now on seconding the de~
! mand for the previous question.
; After a proposition to further amend the resolu-
| tion which the Speaker ruled out of order,
I Mr. CLEVELAND said: I believe that when
