1850.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
iff
you drive these people off and place them out of
competition, and then, when you find out your
error, you compensate these individuals for under-
taking the. work at prices at which they must have
known they could not do it. This is all wrong,
and we should set our faces against it, and only
allow individuals to put in such bids as they can
stand by. I have not given my attention to this
subject, as the Senator from Arkansas [Mr. Bor-
land] has, and I suppose the suggestion I have
made would not be a present remedy. The only
remedy at present, therefoie, is to put the work
into the hands of some one who can get it done,
and to take it from the present contractors; if that
can be done with their consent, well and good;
but, at all events, I am for taking it from them
now, and making a change, such as I have sug-
gested, hereafter.
Mr. MANGUM. I think,Mr. President, that
this, 1 believe, the second experiment in the history
of this Government of letting out the congres-
sional printing on contract, has thoroughly failed;
and that it has been demonstrated to every observ-
ing man that the failure now is a little more com-
plete than it was before the resolutions of 1819,
when it was blamed as the very worst system
under the Government. Recently, however, a fit
of economy has seized upon the Senate, and we
have tried it again, and this time, 1 believe, the
failure is admitted by every one to be complete.
I feel, in common with all the other gentlemen
who have spoken on this occasion, the great in-
convenience of not having access to the public
documents. We have now come to the time
■when we must establish some permanent system,
and one upon a better footing than the present
system. 1 should infinitely prefer the old mode
of electing printers for the respective Houses of
Congress, and giving them a fair, liberal, and am-
ple compensation for the discharge of their duties,
under the restrictions contained in the joint reso-
lution of 1819, with any additional amendment
which experience may suggest as an improvement.
But. sir, there is a plan which I considered much
some eight or ten years ago, which 1 should pre-
fer incomparably to either one or all of them.
I will premise, sir, that I desire to see these res-
olutions recommitted to the Committee on Piint-
ing, with some instructions which 1 will propose,
unless another gentleman should offer them, to ex-
amine into and report upon the whole subject in
all its bearings. Whatever measures we may
adopt now to meet the present emergency will be
of a temporary nature. Some temporary measure
will have to be resorted to. I care very little
what it is. I should be willing to be very liberal
in the compensation, that I would give for the
work, which is now so much behindhand, and 1
would arrange this contract in almost any way that
does not tend to bankrupt the treasury. 1 see,
however, that in one of these amendments it is
proposed that all the printing that has been deliv-
ered out, and that has not been returned and paid
for, fs to be paid for at the rate of the resolutions
of 1819. If thisamendmentshould prevail, 1 esti-
mate that the abrogation of this ruinous contract,
which I understand causes a weekly loss to the
contractor of $1,000, would increase the cost of
the printing already ordered to not less than thirty
or fifty thousand dollars. That would be a very
beneficial way of getting rid of a bad contract.
However, sir, for a mere temporary arrangement,
I am willing to aijree to almost any plan which
shall be suggested by the experience of the com-
mittee. But we must have a permanent system,
and 1 think the only competing measures are for
the Government to establish a press of its own to
do all the congressional printing, or to resort to
the old mode of electing printers for each House.
A great deal may be said in favor of both plans.
1 know there would be a great difficulty in sup-
porting some of the political presses here, if they
did not receive some help in the way of public
printing; but I am sometimes at a loss to know
what benefit some of the political presses confer
upon the country.
As I intend to make a motion upon this subject,
I call the attention of the chairman of the com-
mittee to a report which was made to this body in
1842. The whole matter had been referred to a
committee of which I was then chairman. I called
to my assistance the mostexperienced practical men
that 1 could find, not only in this city but m the
neighboring cities. The report which was the re-
sult will be found to cover the whole ground. I
called to my aid also the very able and elaborate
report made by Mr. Evans, of Maine, then a mem-
ber of the other House, and of Mr. Jtice Garland,
oftheother House. Itisoneof consummate ability.
It estimates the cost of printing for the legislative
and executive departments of the Government for
ten years, the cost of binding for the several depart-
ments, and the annual cost of the printing and
keeping up an establishment capable of doing the
work of the Government; all of which were made
out by practical men who knew perfectly well
what they were about. It will be seen that the
whole could be put under the superintendence of
an official manager for the purpose of accomplish-
ing all the work of this kind, not the printing
only, but also the lithographing and preparing of
maps, which have hitherto cost the Government
such an enormous quantity of money, entirely
disproportionate to any benefit derived from them,
I or to any labor expended in their execution. By
adopting a system of this kind, taking the standard
of money paid for printing for the two or three
yeais preceding the election of General Hainson,
you will make a reduction in the outlay of the
Government, for work more efficiently and satis-
factorily done, of from thirty to fifty per cent., and
pay for the whole expense of erecting buildings
and procuiing an establishment in two or three
years. I intend to move to recommit these reso-
lutions, in order that the committee may inquire
into the whole matter; and 1 call their attention to
this report, which was prepared after as minute
an examination as I was able to give the subject,
and with the assistance of the expenenced practical
men that I was able to call to my aid. There is
but one single objection to the plan, and that is,
that it would be almost impossible to maintain any
political presses here. There is very little f<*)d for
the press here; it finds better support m large
cities—in Philadelphia, New York, and Boston;
and if you abstracted from the political presses in
the District the patronage derived from the Ex-
ecutive departments and from Congress, it will be
very difficult for them to get along at all. Well,
sir, I have no doubt the committee will take that
into consideration, and estimate the value of the
various pi esses here. I shall not express any
opinion upon that point, as 1 do notde-iie to raise
feelings which are not germane to this subject, and
which are not required in the consideration of this
question.
I will say, in reference to the report to which I
have referred, that ample materials were collected,
and collected from the most reliable sources. The
report was drawn up by a friend of mine, as 1 had
been temporarily transferred from the floor to the
seat you occupy. I think the report is well worthy
the attention of the Senate, and that with such
improvements as subsequent experience may sug-
gest, the plan it recommends will be found more
economical, and far more efficient and disconnected
with party politics of all kinds. The Senate will,
however, have to lesort to some temporary plan.
1 would agree to almost any thing that might be pro-
posed. And in relation to thosegentlemen who have
made this very ruinous contract, I am willing to
deal with them in the most liberal spirit; for, though
they may be liable to some censure, and may, in
their anxiety to get possession of tht3 work, have
bid at a lower rate, than they could possibly do ihe
work-at, relying on the never-failing generosity of
the Senate when using other people's money, [a
laugh,] yet I would set aside all that, and deal
with them in a most liberal spirit; for 1 do think
that it is totally unworthy of this body either to
exact the extremest penally for any failure m the
| discharge of the contract, or to desire to get any
j man's labor for less than an ample equivalent. But
| let that pass. 1 move that the resolutions be recom-
i mitted to Ihe Committee on Printing, with mstruc-
| tions to report a plan for the permanent adoption
of Congress.
Mr. BUTLER. I will now move that the Sen-
ate proceed to the consideration of Executive busi-
ness, as it does not seem iikely that this matter
will be disposed of to-day.
The VICE PRESIDENT. What disposition
does the Senator wish to be made of the subject
now pending ?
Mr. BUTLER. I move that it lie on the table
for the present.
Mr. BORLAND. Will the Senator withdraw
it for a single moment, for an explanation ?
Mr. BUTLER;. Yes, for that .purpose. - - " • •
Mr. BORLAND. I simply rise to say-that I
hope the Senator from North Carolina will not pet''
sist in his proposition to recommit these resolu-
tions to the Committee on Priming at the present
time; and for this reason: The comnnttee have
made this report as a temporary measure.. Tfeey:
did not design it for a permanent arrangement. I
will state further to the Senator from,North Caro-
lina [Mr. Mangum] that 1 have had the report to
which he refers, made in 1842, under considera-
tion, and have examined it fully; and I concur fully
with him in his opinion of n, and of the propriety "
of adopting a plan of that sort. The objection £
have to the recommitment is, that it would delay
the matter for two or three weeks, as 1 am the
only member of the committee now in the city, and
it would be some time before we could havea meet-
ing to consider the matter.
Mr. MANGUM. I have no desire to produce
delay. As, however, the floor was yielded by the
Senator from South Carolina for a moment only,
I will move that the further consideration of this
subject be nostponed until to-morrow.
Mr. FOOTE. Will the Senator allow me to
make an explanation ?'
Mr. MANGUM withdrew his motion.
Mr. FOOI'E. I simply rise to make a very,
short explanation in regard to a special point newly
sprung up in this debate. I certainly was not
aware, nor am I now convinced of it, although it
has been intimated by the Senator from North
Carolina, that if the amendment of the Senator
from Arkansas were adopted, it would impose on
the Government a large pecuniary loss; fiom
fifty to one hundred thousand dollars I believe to
be the amount stated.
Mr. MANGUM. 1 said from thirty to fifty
thousand dollars.
Mt. FOOTE. I have not looked into this mat-
ter, but I think the Committee on Printing, who
have looked into it, can hardly have made such a
mistake. I rose simply for the-purpose of stating
that I certainly entertain no such impression- of
the amendment, and I should be very much op-
posed to throwing such a large amount of profit,
to which they are not legitimately entitled, into
the hands of any persons. As 1 said betore, I
have supported this amendment chiefly from the
respect, and deference which 1 entertain for the
Committee on Printing, and for its chairman, who
have examined the matter and recommended what
they think right and proper. 1 trust, in common
with other gentlemen, that hereafter, if these res*
olutions should be recommitted, and a new-report
made, or if, in the course of this debate, we shall
obtain full information on the subject, my mind
will be open to any facts that may be presented in
a legitimate and satisfactory form; and 1 shall en-
deavor, uncommitted as 1 now am in reference to
this measure, to act under all the circumstances in
a becoming and equitable manner.
Mr. MANGUM. The Senator from Missis-
sippi has misunderstood me; 1 did not speak pos-
itively as to the difference which this amendment
would make. It was a mere guess, an estimate,
though 1 think rather under than over the mark.
Nor "did I suppose that such was the purpose or
intention of the amendment, but merely that it
was susceptible of such an interpretation, which
might be corrected by changing the phraseology.
1 repeat that 1 am willing to agree to anything tor
temporary purposes, and if it will at all embarrass
the subject 1 will withdraw my motion to recom-
mit, in order that the suhject may be postponed,
and that we may go into Executive session.
! The motion to lecommit was then withdrawn.
! Mr. CLEMENS. 1 am very anxious that this
' matter should be disposed of, and I would suggest
if it would not be the better way to go into Execu-
tive session with a postponement, so that it may
come up the first thing to-morrow as unfinished
business ... , . „
Mr. BUTLER. Let it be passed over mfor-
1 mally. , , . .
Mr. WALKER. I do not rise to interpose any
objection, but merely to call the attention of the
Senator from Arkansas and the Senate to one
point, in the amendment, that they may consider it
before the subject is again under discussion. One
: part of the amendment proposes to pay for the
I printing already done, but not yet returned and
j paid for, according to the resolution of 1819, de-
i ducting 20 per cent.
