IM4
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
s^pt m
the Constitution of the United States among the
people, because I consider this book business an
abuse. As I before observed, the distribution is
partial. It will fall into thp hands of very few,
and into the hands of those few who, perhaps,
have already the Constitution. I know that I
have received letters in regard to this work. So
has every Senator. Every book that is printed
at the public expense is gratefully received by
those to whom it is sent, whether it be valuable
or not.
Mr. BADGER. I desire to add but one re-
mark. I am surprised at the zealous opposition
made by the Senator from Missouri to the pur-
chase of a book which he thinks the best which
Congress has ever circulated. I will merely men-
tion one fact. I received a letter from a very in-
telligent man in North Carolina, to whom I had
sent a copy of this book, in which he expressed
the opinion that it was not only the most valuable
book Congress had ever circulated, but that if a
sufficient number of copies were circulated to put
it into the hands of every reading man in the
country, it would be money well laid out. It con-
tains not only the Constitution of the United
States, which my friend says is printed at the head
of the digest of the laws of every State, but also a
compilation of information which I venture to say
no man can find in any one private library in the
United States. _ If he was to sit down and look
through all the books, a compilation could not be
found so carefully made as that put in conjunction
with the Constitution of the United States in this
book.
Mr. "DICKINSON. This is the only book
worth one cent ever published by Congress accord-
ing to my view. It is an exceedingly valuable
book, and one of the very best compilations for
public use I ever saw. I cannot vote for this mo-
tion, because I am determined to vote against all
Congress books; but I deemed it due to say this
much, though I have made up my mind to vote
against the motion.
The yeas and nays were then taken, and re-
sulted:
YEAS—Messrs, Badger, Baldwin, Belt, Berrien, Cass,
Clarke, Downs, Kwing, Fremont, Greene, Gwm, Hale,
Joue*, Morton, Rusk, Seward, Shields, Smith, Soute, Walk-
er, Winthrop, and Vulee—22.
NAY.-?—Messrs, Atchison, BarnwHl, Benton,Chase,Daw-
gon, Dickinson, Dodge of Wi> con-?in, Dodgr of Iowa, Felch,
Han lm, Hunter, King, Mason, Si;ba«tiar>, Spi nance, Stur-
geon, Turney, Underwood, and Whitcomb—19.
CIVIL AND DIPLOMATIC APPROPRIATIONS.
On motion by Mr.DICKINSON, the Senate re-
sumed the consideration of the bill entitled " An
act making appropriations for the civil and diplo-
matic expenses of the Government for the year
ending: the 30th of June, 1851, and for other pur-
poses."
Mr. DICKINSON. I will state, that on looking
the whole matter over, I am satisfied, from the
freat number of amendments which gentlemen
ave intimated their intention to offer, some of
them importantand complicated, together with the
other appropriation bills which have not yet come
to the Senate, that our best energies and attention
will be tasked to dispose of them during the short
remaining time of this session. I do not presume
to mark out any course for the Senate, but I trust
that we shall all act with a view to this state of
things. I, for one, will endeavor to do so.
The PRESIDENT, [Mr. When the
Senate postponed this subject on Saturday, the
following amendment was under consideration:
Add after line 261, " for the compensation of
clerks and messengers [in the Department of the
Interior] $14,200.
Mr. EWiNGr. If I can engage the attention of
-the Senate for a few moments, I wish to say a few
words upon that amendment. This bill contains
no provision for cletks for the Department of the
Interior. Under an existing law we have provided
for a secretary and a chief clerk, but there is no
law providing clerks for the office of the depart-
ment. There is a proviso contained in the
deficiency bill that was passed last Summer,
th*t this department should take from the other
de >artments and the bureaus, clerks for the office
proner of the department, so as not to increase the
number of clerks. The amendment I move is to
provide by net of Congress for the requisite num-
ber of clerks for this department, and not send it
hunting among the other departments for a supply
cf clerks. We have a communication from the
late Secretary of the Interior, Mr. McKennan, in
which he says he has applied to the other depart-
ments for clerks, and finds that .they have none
that they can spare him*, and we know very well
that since the passage of that proviso, there have
been a number of clerks voted by Congress to the
other departments—evidence enough that they
have no clerks to spare. But under that proviso
they wiil be obliged to surrender a portion of their
clerks to this department. And what is to be its
effect? It is a clumsy proceeding—exceedingly
so. This department has its clerks. They were
employed temporarily, and,as has been truly said
by the chairman of the Finance Committee, they
were employed without any provision of Congress
for their employment, and they were paid, not out
of the public Treasury, but they were paid tempo-
rarily upon individual responsibility. Congress,
however, has voted a.sum of money sufficient for
their payment, and they are now, or were up to
the 30th June, employed under the provision of
that deficiency bill. 'Since that time, or since a
few days subsequent to it, 1 know nothing about
them. I believe the same clerks are there under
the same engagement. Now, what is to be the
operation of this proviso? Congress here gives
no clerks to the Department of the Interior—none
at all. They are directed to take their clerks from
the other departments, or from the bureaus. An
application must be made to the President, and he
must direct the other departments to surrender to
this department a given numberof clerks, as many
as will be sufficient to get along with. Now,
what will be the effect upon the public business?
Every one of the e'erks sent over from the other
departments will be utterly incompetent and unfit
for the duties which will be assigned to him, ex-
cept for copying. The men who are in that de-
partment are disciplined to their duty; they know
what they have to do; they have the routine of
the business of the office; they are acquainted with
the files and with the books, and can transact the
business of the department. But the men sent
over from the other departments cannot do it at
all, and it will take twice the number and twice the
labor on the part of the head of the department to
get along with the business, that it will if you will
authorize him to employ his clerks and to retain the
clerks that he has got, who, whatever may be said
on the subject, are all highly competent and indus-
trious men—not a drone amongst them—who work
as many hours a day as any man ought to work,
and do the business of the department efficiently.
The actual operation of the proviso will be this:
the other departments will be directed to surrender
a given number of clerks. They will be sent over
to the Department of the Interior, and the moment
they are sent over there they will be dismissed,
and the clerks now engaged will be employed in
their places. The effect of it is nothing more than
this, that the other heads of departments are re-
quired to dismiss each a given numberof clerks.
You have been appointing an additional number
of clerks, and now you direct the heads of depart-
ments to dismiss a number by transferring them
to the Department of the Interior, for there they
will be dismissed, and the men now engaged in
the business will be employed. That will be the
operation, and it appears to me it'will be a very
clumsy operation, and not the way to get along
with the public business, if we really wish it to be
done. If the Senate do not desire the business to
be done, this is a most effectual way of prevent-
ing it. I move the amendment, and if it prevails
I shall move to repeal'that proviso in the deficien-
cy bill, and that will set all things right.
Mr. DICKINSON. I shall occupy no time, be-
cause I wish to have the Senate pronounce its
judgment at once. The transfer of clerks was
contemplated by the bill originally, and the Com-
mittee on Finance, so far as they took action, tried
to keep up the theory of the construction of this
department in practice. I know it is a small bus-
iness to oppose the increase of clerks. I would
rather give all the clerks asked for than resist it.
My opinion is that many of the clerks are not suffi-
ciently paid. If I ever live to be here another ses-
sion I will try to inform myself on the subject,
and to give more efficiency in this department of
the public service. I am opposed to the amend-
ment of the Senator from Ohio, but 1 will not oc-
cupy more time about it. The Senate have heard
my remarks, and they have heard hiSj and I hope
they will proceed to Yote,
Mr. GrWIN. I shall vote for this amendment td
increase the number of clerks, if all the legisfe*
tion for the State of California is done this session
which is absolutely required by the interests df
that State, the business will be aecumtilated in t^e
Department of the Interior to such an extent as to
require the number of clerks asked for by the
Senator from Ohio. I shall therefore rote for^the
amendment, as I think the increase indispensably
necessary.
The amendment .was adopted.
Mr. EWING. I have an amendment to offer*
which follows as a necessary sequence' to the one
which has been already adopted on my motion.
It fs as follows;
" Provided, That the first proviso in the act of May
1850, entitled 4 An act to supply deficiencies in the appro-
priations for the public service for the fiscal,year ending dQtti
of June, 1850/ be and the same is hereby repeated."
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. DOWNS moved to add after line 563, " fo?
the salary of an additional clerk in the Attorney
General*s office, $2,000.s'
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. BENTON moved to amend by adding the
following:
" For continuing and completing the experiments to tes S
the capacity and usefulness of the eJeetro-magnetve power
as a mechanical agent, for the purposes of navigation and
locomotion, and the prohaMe cost of using the same m
driving a ship at sea, a boat on a river, or a raifroad car, or
either of them, with an engine of one hundred horse power,
according 10 the invention of Professor Page, the a&m of
$46,000, including the balance. remaining'from the appropri-
ation of March 'S> 1849, for the same object; to be expended
under the supervision of the Secretary of the Navy, is
making practical experiments of said invention according to
the plan to be prepared and conducted by Professor Pagej
and the Secretary of the Wavy is authorized to attow to vfce
said Protessor Page a compensation fi>r teis services in giving
bis whole time to-such eaperrni^nts, a sum equal to the pay
of an examining clerk in the Patent Office."
Mr. BENTON. I do not propose to say any-
thing in favor of that resolutfon, because the sub-
ject of it has spoken best for itself. Professor
Page brought his machine into Washington city
about two months ago, and exhibited it for four suc-
cessive evenings, that all persons might come and
examine it, the learned and the unlearned, the
mechanical and those who. are not mechanical.
Besides that, he has had his machine subject to
inspection at his own house, two or three miles
out of the city, almost every evening since* and
a great many persons, members of Congress and
others, have been out to see it. I do not propose
to say anything more^about it than to explain the
amendment. The amendment is* a continuation
of the appropriation adopted at the last session of
Congress, when the sum of $20,000 was appropri-
ated for these experiments, t^e money to be ex-
pended and applied, as this amendment proposes,
under the supervision of the Secretary of the
Navy. Professor Page was-then, and now is, a
clerk in the Patent Office. Like many otbesr
persons in our country he has to support his
family by following some pursuit. Everything,
then, that he has done under that $20^000 appro-
priation has been done- in the evening, after six
hours' service in the Patent Office, from nine in
the morning till three in the afternoon. He had
then in this interval—after six hours' work in the
Patent Office, and the hardest kind of work; for
he is one of the examiners—brought up his en-
gine from one-third of a horse-power to about
four horse power, at the time it was exhibited at
the Smithsonian Institution, and to about seven
and a half now. That is to say, the same capa-
city which at the Smithsonian Institution gave that
four hotse power. That is the progress made
since that time, and that is the progress now
going on. He has been confirmed in a principle
of the greatest moment, in any invention where
power is to be used for the propulsion or moving
of anything. I will state it in his own words;
" I demonstrated the important principle that iho
power is in the duplicate ratio of the battery
employed " Which means, 1 suppose, that when
he has added the power of one horse to the bat-
tery he has gamed the power of two in the oper-
ation.
Of the appropriation of $20 000 at the last ses-
sion there is but §6,000 remaining. The account
for the whole has been settled at the Treasury in
a most regular manner. The appropriation now
asked for is $40,000, addition 10 the ^G,000 re-
maining, Professor Page tells me thai with the
balance remaining, from the advance which he has
