830
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
April 26,
Mr. BORLAND. Will the Senator allow me
to explain ? I have certainly been very unfortu-
nate in expressing my meaning. I did not mean
to pay at that rate for the printing that has been
done, but for the printing that is to-be done.
Mr. WALKER. That is one part of the
amendment; the point to which 1 allude is that
which provides payment for printing already done,
but not yet paid for. It would place us in rather
an awkward position if the printers should come
forward and say, it is all done, but we only
wanted to get a higher price for the work. I
really would not be surprised if thig were to be
the case. It is impossible that all the power
presses have been going in this city, and yet that
none of this work has been done. It would
be rather a queer fix that we should be got into, if
we found that the printing was all done, and that
the printers were only waiting to get a higher price
for their work; but it is singular, indeed, if more
of this printing is not done than has yet been
delivered.
Mr. FOOTE. I rise to say, that so far as cer-
tain gentlemen are concerned, the Senator from
Wisconsin is mistaken, if he intends to make al-
lusion to them, or if he intends to suggest that
those gentlemen could be guilty of such enormi-
ties. I feel authorized to say, from an_intimate
knowledge of the parties, and from conversation I
have had wilh them in reference to this matter—
not upon these particular points, but upon the
general bearings of the proposition now before the
Senate, that the parties concerned and supposed to
be interested, are incapable of such enormities as
have been suggested, which would be alike dis-
graceful to them and to the country, and would
justly awaken the indignation and disgust of the
public. I know the parties referred to intimately,
and 1 know that it is impossible that such a scheme
as that described could ever have entered into
their minds.
The subject was then passed over informally,
by unanimous consent of the Senate.
It was then moved that when the Senate ad-
journs it adjourn to meet on Monday next.
A division was called for, and resulted—ayes
22, noes 9. ,
So the motion was carried.
On motion of Mr. BUTLER, the Senate pro-
ceeded to the consideration of Executive business,
and after some time spent therein, the doors were
reopened,
And the Senate adjourned.
HOUSE OP REPRESENTATIVES.
Friday, Jlpril 26, 1850.
The Journal of yesterday was read and approved.
THE PRIVATE CALE-NDAR.
The SPEAKER announced the regular business
to be private bills reported from the Committee of
the Whole, on the Speaker's table.
THE CENSUS BILL.
Mr. THOMPSON, of Pennsylvania, rose to a
privileged question. He desired to offer a resolu-
tion providing that all debate in Committee of the
Whole on the state of the Union on the bill from
the Senate, providing for the taking of the seventh
census, should cease on Monday next, at one
o'clock, unless it should sooner be brought to a
close; and that the committee should then pro-
ceed to vote on all amendments pending, or that
might be offered.
The resolution having been read 
Mr. T. expressed his desire to say a word or
two in explanation.
Mr. SPEAKER said unanimous consent would
be required.
No objection was made.
Mr. T., m a remote part of the Hall, made a
remaik or two, of which only a word here and
there could be heard by the reporter. Mr. T.
was understood to say, that upon consultation with
a number of gentlemen, he had determined again
to offer this resolution. It would be recollected
that, after the general debate had been closed,
gentlemen would have an opoortunity to offer any
amendments which they might desire to present,
and to make explanations under the five minutes'
rule.
Mr. STANLY desired to be informed by the
Speaker, whether Monday next was not resolu-
tion day >
The SPEAKER said Monday was resolution
day.
Mr. STANLY said, that as he desired to offer a
resolution on Monday, and could not under the
rules avail himself of any other opportunity, he
would move to amend the resolution by striking
out " Monday" and inserting " Tuesday."
The SPEAKER stated the amendment.
Mr. INGE suggested, that as the census bill had
been made the special order for every day until
disposed of, it would still be the privileged busi-
ness on Monday, and would take precedence over
other business. Nothing, therefore, would be
gained by the gentleman from North Carolina
[Mr. Stanly] by insisting on his amendment.
NEW MEXICO ASD DESERET.
Mr. STRONG rose and said, that some weeks
ago a special order of the day had been assigned
for Monday next. He desired to be informed b.y
the Chair, what would be the effect upon that
order if the debate on this special order of the
census bill should not terminate before Monday?
The SPEAKER. In the opinion of the Chair,
this special order on the census bill takes prece-
dence over the special order made for Monday
next.
Mr. INGE. And over the regular order of
business ?
The SPEAKER. Until disposed of it will take
precedence over all business.
Mr. STEPHENS, of Georgia. I move that
the resolution be laid on the table.
Mr. STRONG asked the unanimous consent of
the House to say a few words.
No objection having been made,
Mr. S. said that the special order made for Mon-
day next did not provide that the business assigned
for that day should continue to be the special order
from day to day until it should have been disposed
of. It was supposed at the time the order was
made, that it could easily have been disposed of in
one day.
Mr. CROWELL requested the gentleman from
Pennsylvania [Mr. Strong] to state what the
special order which had been assigned for Monday
next was?
Mr. STRONG. It relates to the rights of cer-
tain persons claiming seats in this House, as Del-
egates from the Territories of New Mexico and
Deseret. I suppose that the special order on the
census bill will override the special order on this
territorial question, and that the latter, having been
assigned for Monday only, will cease to be a spe-
cial order. Under these circumstances, I hope the
House will consent 
Mr. MORSE (interposing) desired to ask a
question
Mr. STRONG yielding the floor—
Mr. MORSE desired to be informed whether
the special order for Monday next was not a priv-
ileged question—a question of a higher order-
being the right of a person to a seat as a Repre-
sentative on this floor? It was his impression that
that question would take precedence over all other
business.
The SPEAKER stated that the proper time to
decide that question would be on Monday. The
Chair, however, had no doubt as to the effect of
the special order of the census bill upon the other j
special order set apart for Monday. The former
would override the latter.
Mr. MORSE. It would override any ordinary
business, but would it override a question of priv- i
liege ? i
The SPEAKER. The Chair has decided on a
former occasion, that the question was not a ques- J
tion of privilege; but these are. questions to be
formally decided as they shall properly come before
the House, and not in an irregular manner, upon
suggestions now.
Mr. STRONG. I will detain the House but
one moment. I hope the House will allow me to
move that the special order which was made for
Monday next, shall continue to be a special order
until n shall have been disposed of, and that it ■
may be taken up after the special order on the
census bill shall have been disposed of.
The SPEAKER said, unanimous consent would
be required to aiiovv the gentleman to make the
motion.
ob-iecte(J* desired
(he said) to have a resolution Monday
So the motion of Mr. Strong was not enter- <
tamed.
CENSUS BILL.
Mr. VINTON said, it was evident that the
House was not prepared to close the debate on the
census bill at the time designated in the resolution
of the gentleman from Pennsylvania, [Mr. Thomp-
son,] and he (Mr. V.) desired to call the attention
of the Speaker to the fact that the gentleman from
Georgia [Mr. Stephens] had moved that the reso-
lution be laid on the table.
The question, "Shall this resolution be laid oh
the table ?" was then put to the House.
The Speaker said, the ayes appeared to have it.
Mr. THOMPSON, of Pennsylvania, called for
the yeas and nays; which were ordered.
Mr. BAYLY desired the Speaker to state
when the resolution proposed to terminate the
debate.
The SPEAKER. On Monday next at one
o'clock.
The question, " Shall the resolution be laid upon
the tablewas then again taken and the vote stood
—yeas 76, nays 76; as follows:
YEAS—Messrs. Ashe, Averett, Bay, Bayly, Beale, Bing-
ham, Bi&pell, Bocock, J. P. Caldwell, Campbell, Chandler,
Clarke, Daniel, Deberry, Dixon, Doty, Duer, A. Evan?,
Pitch, Freedley, Fuller, Gerry, Hall, Hallowuy, Hamilton,
Haralson, I.G. Harris, Henry, Hoagland, Holliday. Howard,
Hubbard. It. VV. Johnson, Jones, Kaufman, Kerr, G. G. King,
La Sere, Leffier, Matte;>on, R. M. McLane, McMullen, Mc-
Queen, Millson, Moore, iYToreliead, Morse, Morton, Olds,
Otis, Outlaw, Phelps, Pitman, Potter, Powell, Rislev, Root,
Ros?, Sawteile, Schermerhorn, Stanly, Frederick P. Stan-
ton, R. H. Stanton, A. H. Stephen?, Sweeper, Thomas,
Thurman, Toombs, Vinton, Wallace, Watkins, Went-
worth, White, Williams, Wilson, and Woodward—76.
NAYS—Messrs. Albertson, Alexander, Alston, Andrews,
Booth, Bowdon, Bowhn, Boyd, Briggs, Albert G. Brown, W.
J. Blown, Buel, Burrows, C. Butler, J. Cable, Calvin, Ca-
sey, Cleveland, Clmgman, W. R. W. Cobb, Conger, Corwin,
Crowell, Dickey, Dnmnick, Duncan, Durkee, kwing, Fow-
ler, Giddines, Goodenow, Gould, Hampton, Harlan, T. L.
Harris, Hibbaid, Houston, Howe, I"ge, W. T. Jackson, A.
Johnson, John A. King, Preston King, Liuiefield, Mason,
McDonald, McDowell, MoGaughey, McWillie, N.'lson,
Peaslee, Putnam, Reed, Richardson, Rohbins, Rockwell,
Rose, Rum-iey, Shepoeni, Silves-ter, Spauldtng, Sprague,
Stetson, Strong, Taylor, Jacob Thompson, Jame* Thomp-
son, John B Thompson, William Thompson, Tuck, Under-
bill, Van Djke, Walden, Waldo, Wellborn, and Wildrick
—76.
The vote being a tie,
The SPEAKER voted in the affirmative.
So the vote stood yeas 77, nays 76.
And the resolution was laid upon the table.
On motion, it was ordered—yeas 87, nays 81—
that when the House adjourns, it adjourn to meet
on Monday next.
PRIVATE BILLS.
The House then proceeded to dispose of such
private bills on the Speaker's table as had here-
tofore been reported from the Committee of the
Whole.
The bill for the relief of Solomon T. Nicol and
James Clinch, of the city of New York, coming
up in its order, was read by its title; when
Mr. THOMAS objected to its consideration.
The SPEAKER said, this being objection day,
(he bill will lie over.
.The following bills were severally read a second
time and ordered to be engrossed for a third read-
ing, and being engrossed, were read the third time
and passed, viz:
A bill for the relief of Brown & Tarbox; and
A bill for the relief of James T. Graham.
THE FRANKLIN EXPEDITION.
Mr. STANTON, ofTennessee, rose, he said, to
a privilege question. Pie wished to make a motion
in relation to the joint resolution which had been
reported yesterday from the Committee on Naval
I Affairs, authorizing the President of the United
j States to accept and attach to the navy the two
j vessels offered by Mr. Henry Giintiell, of New
1 York, to be sent to the Arctic seas in search of
j Sir John Franklin and his companions.
, Before making; the motion, he desired to be m-
! formed by the Speaker, whether, under the rules
of the House, the resolution went upon the Speak-
er's table. ^
ti, "'e6 SPEAKER. The resolution goes upon
the Speaker s table, and takes its place, under the
rule, m the regular order of business on the Speak-
er's table. *"
Mr. STANTON. For the purpose of getting
the resolution before the House now, as the sh'ns
composing this expedition expect to sail one day
next week 
The SPEAKER, (interposing) said, no remarks
are in order. The gentleman will submit his
motion.
