T*f?f
1926
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
Sept. iH'
1 must say, also, that, although I voted for the
former appropriation for this purpose, I have been
dissatisfied with myself ever since; for I think it
was the most wasteful expenditure of public money
in a small way this Government has ever prac-
tised within my recollection; and a repetition of the
act would be marked with exceeding folly and in-
discretion. I therefore cannot vote for this amend-
ment. I heard Professor Page lecture twice, and
I do not wish to call in question his ability and
capacity as a lecturer, a man of science, or as a
gentleman. I heard him when he lectured in the
hearing of the committee, and I heard him only a
few weeks ago, and my own opinion is, that he is
not much betterinformed on the subject now than he
was a year or two ago. At any rate, I listened to
his last lecture with less interest and no more edi-
fication than 1 did to his first; and during the whole
of that lecture I was lamenting that I had ever
concurred in an appropriation of money to enable
him to indulge in a course of experiments which
seem to attract the admiration of some gentlemen
in so especial a manner.
I do trust that the Senate will not again throw
away any of the public money in thatmanner. We
had art understanding a few weeks ago that all our
past follies in this line were hereafter to be avoided;
and, although we had been hitherto extravagant
in the publication of books, maps, &c., that here-
after it is our design to reform ourselves in that
respect, and to avoid the unnecessary waste of
the public money which had heretofore been prac-
ticed.
Mr. GWlN. I recollect that when I was a
member of the other House, some eight years ago,
a proposition was brought up to give to Professor
Moise $30,000 to make experiments in his electro-
magnetic telegraph; and we heard then just about
the same train of remark in opposition to it as has
been indulged in by the Senator from Mississippi
on this occasion. It has proved, however, to be
one of the most valuable and important discoveries
of the age, and one which I believe would not
have been put in operation for years had the Gov-
ernment not then assisted him. Therefore, with
this example before me, I shall vote for the small
appropriation which is here proposed.
Mr. FOOTE. My friend from California will
allow me to say that he cannot draw any analogy
between the present case and the one to which he
alludes, unless he is prepared to say that he has
good reason to believe, from some scrutiny he has
made, that a similar success will be arrived at in
this instance as in the other. There were great i
doubts entertained then, and that I understand to
be the only circumstance, in the estimation of my
friend from California, which authorizes the least
appearance of analogy in the two cases. Then,
according to my friend's rule of action, all that is
necessary is to propose any subject for experi-
ments, in regard to the successful issue of which
there are great doubts, and he will feel bound to
vote for the appropriation, because, perchance, it
may result as in the instance of Professor Morse.
I wish to have some probable reason, at least, for
voting away the public money, and 1 have heard
no good reason given yet for this appropriation.
I have asserted, certainly with great sincerity,
that, from the examination I have given to this
matter during the last twelve" months, and from
hearing two of Professor Page's lectures, one more
than a year ago, and the other more recently,
(neither of which my friend from California could
have heard,) I have become satisfied that the ori-
ginal appropriation was wholly improper and un-
wise, and has resulted in no advantage to the
country; and I believe this appropriation will be
attended with like results precisely. I consider it
a veiy bad precedent; and, indeed, I wish we had
never thrown away any of the public money here-
tofore in the publication of books, maps, &c. I
am sorry that the example was ever set, and 1 am
sorry that it was ever followed up so unwisely and
so extravagantly. I am very glad that sundry
efforts have already been made to reform us in that
particular; and, as consistent men, who wish to
act on this great principle of frugality, which has
so suddenly beamed on the understanding of some
Senators, I must regret that they do not°exhibit a
little more consistency than is apparent in their
present conduct.
The amendment was rejected.
Mr. PEARCE. I am directed by the Commit-
tee on the Library to offer an amendment, to come
in at the 53d line 3d page, as follows:
" For the purchase of books for tbe library of the Treas-
ury Department, $1,000; for the purcha.i- of a library, to be
preserved in the Executive Mansion, £2,000; and the Joint
Committee on the Library of Congress are hereby author-
ized to supply the said libraries with any duplicates of pub-
lic documents which can be spared from the public collec-
tions in the Library of Congress or-elsewhere."
I beg leave to state very briefly the reasons for
this amendment. The Treasury Department has
already a library, although until recently it was
not organized, and no person was engaged to take
charge of it. It includes many books which are
unfit to be there, and there are many deficiencies
which should be supplied. Many of the sets of
law books and public documents there are also im-
perfect, and there are wanted works on statistics,
such as ought to be there for the information of the
head of the department. The present Secretary is
one not disposed to appropriate money for the pur-
chase of books which, although quite proper for a
general library, would be wholly unfit for such a
library as the department rcqunes. He merely
desires to complete the sets of books already there,
and to purchase such books of statistics as will be
serviceable and valuable to the department.
, With regard to the Executive Mansion, not a
book, not even a Bible, has been furnished it by
the Government. And when the President holds
a Cabinet council, there is not even a volume of
the laws there to which reference can be had, and
the members of it are obliged to run round to their
offices to obtain the books to which they must from
necessity be obliged to resort in aid of their con-
sultations. I hope, therefore, there will be no ob-
jection to the amendment.
The amendment was adopted.
Mr. PEARCE. I have an amendment that I
wish to have inserted after the 80ist line:
" For the relief of Stephen N. Weains, late consul of the
United Stales at Guatemala, and to enable Inm to procure a
passage home, ,200, to be expended under the direction of
the State Department." *
This is a peculiar case, which I will briefly
state to the Senate. This gentleman was ap-
pointed a consul at Guatemala, in 1839, where he
has remained ever since. Recently, during the
revolutionary struggles in that country, a party
of the rebels broke into his house and destroyed,
or very much damaged, all the remaining prop-
erty he had, which was a plantation devoted to
the production of cochineal. He was obliged,
therefore, being thus despoiled, to sell his planta-
tion for what he could get, which was barely suf-
ficient to pay his debts, and he is there now, des-
titute, with no means to enable him to return to
the United States. This depredation was not
made by the Government troops, but it appears j|
from the correspondence of the State and Navy j;
Departments that the rebels took the property, !|
and afterwards the Government troops took it
and divided it among themselves. The Secretary
of State has requested the Secretary of the JMavy
to furnish a- passage home for this gentleman, m
some national vessel, but he is unable to get
away to any port on the Pacific or the Atlantic
coast, and he must remain in something worse
making- the allowances relatively just in all <
was one great reason why the committee did not-
change the present salaries. 1 do not think the-
amount proposed is too high; but I would prefer
that the matter should be left till a scale can be
adopted which will be more applicable. I will
not, however, oppose the amendment.
Mr. WALKER. I wish to add, in a proper ,
place in that amendment, the words, " and tha
watchmen of the various departments."
Mr. TURNEY. This amendment relates only .
to the Land Office. The amendment of the Sen-
ator from Wisconsin should go into some general
provision.
Mr. WALKER. I will withdraw the amend-
ment.
The question was then taken on the amend-
ment, and it was adopted.
Mr. CLARKE. I wish to offer a small amend-
ment to come in at line 169:
"For repairing and painting the custom-house at Provi-
dence, in the State of Rhode Island, §1,000."
I hold in my hand a letter from the collector
there, which I will read.
Mr. DICKINSON. Oh, no, there will be no
objection to that appropriation.
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. CLARKE. 1 have another amendment:
"For improving the grounds of Lafayette-Square, and
fencing the same, §3,000, to be expended under tfie direction
of the President ot the United States."
It is well known to every gentleman who is ac-
quainted with the condition of that square that it
requires some improvement. The fence is m a
bad condition. The ground is like a cow pasture,
and should be improved in some way. It is the
purpose of an association here to erect an eques-
trian statue to General Andrew Jackson, and to
place it in that square; and it is necessary that
something of the kind proposed by this amend-
ment should be done. The Committee on Public
Buildings have assented-to the proposition.
Mr. DICKINSON. 1 do not wish to oppose
this amendment, but I wish to say that 1 am will-
ing to move the dirt once a year, and take it to a
different place, and the next year to move itagain;
but I am not willing to move it twice a year.
The amendment was adopted.
Mr. HUNTER. I am requested by the Com-
mittee on Public Buildings to offer the following
amendment:
" For the compensation of a clerk for the Commissioner
of Public Buildings, §800."
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. HUNTER. I am also instructed by the
Committee on PublicBuildmgs to offer the follow-
ing amendment, to come in at line 1147:
"And for defraying such expenses as may have been in-
curred by inatenais procured or labor applied towards the
west wing, prior to the 15th of May last, and for such mate-
rials or labor as may have been since procured orappiiedfor
the security of the old building."
An appropriation of $110,000 was made in the
deficiency bill for the erection of the eastern wing
of the Patent Office. It is now proposed to appro-
priate a small sum in addition to that, to be applied
iaiiv* lliuoi, li_lllu.HI 111 OUlliVlliillC WUIOC i. - . IT 1 P 1 • t 11*
than durance vile, unless Government shall fur- ij to keeping UP e foundation of the main building
msh him the means of getting away. As he was i! on,'j1e
Mr. DICKINSON. I do not object to that part
| which goes to pay for a debt actually incurred. I
"That the assistant messengers, laborers, and packers
of the General Land Office shall, from and after tbe 1st of
July, 1850, receive at the rate ot'$oU0 per annum lor their
services."
ng away.
a public functionary, and as his case is a very pe-
culiar one, and one of great hardship, 1 hope the ,
Senate will not refuse to make this small appro- ! do "o'know of any use to which this wing is to be
priation of $1 200. II Put* was Put there Wlth°ut any authority of
The moUon'was" agreed to I1 iaw> ant* tiie Commissioner of Patents said it was
Mr. TURNEY. fw.sh to' offer an amendment, j! th?-bU- K°W
to come in after line 267: ; ^'\b*BPP led t°1farther b"lldlnS,n.P>
and it is the first use that I have ever heard of its
being put to. If the amendment is so drawn as to
go no further than to be applied to holding the
building up, I will withdraw my objection.
Mr. HUNTER. 1 will inform the Senator from
New York that it is so drawn as to be applied to
that only.
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. STURGEON. I have an amendment,
which I wish to insert at the end of line 157:
" And for additional compensation to the messenger of
said Solicitor, (of the Treasury,]
1 would state that the messenger in this case re-
ceives $200 less than any messenger about the de-
partment. It is only bringing up his salary equal
to that of the other messengers, making it $700.
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. UNDERWOOD. I move to strike out the
I following item:
These officers now receive ^350 or $400 a year, j
They are not enabled to live and support their ;j
families upon that sum. They are poor and wor- j
thy persons, and render important service, re- '!
ceiving less, perhaps,than any persons in the ser- fl
vice of the Government. I think such acompen- !
sation should be allowed them as will enable them j'
to support and educate their families. j:
Mr. EWlNGf, I hope the amendment will be
adopted. I am satisfied that the pay of these la-
boring men is too small.
Mr. DICKINSON. I wish to say that that sub-
ject came only partially under the notice of the
committee; but I was satisfied that these men were
not all of them adequately paid. The difficulty of
