THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
PUBLISHED AT WASHINGTON, BY JOHN C. RIVES.—TERMS $3 FOR THIS SESSION.
31st Congress, 1st Session.
TUESDAY, APRIL SO, i860.
New Series No. 53.
humble men—patriotic men—Americans—loving
liberty and hating tyranny, consented to give up
country, home and friends, to defy the ocean, pes-
tilence and war, animated by the proud hope of
giving to freedom another hom^, and placing in
the political horizon another star. Engaged in
this expedition, they have met perils in their way;
they have been dispersed and lost, by what power
3 need not say. It is sufficient that I prefer this
expedition to the first.
One of theseexpcditions is the offspring of royal
vanity; the other, of that noble love of liberty whose
progress your misguided policy cannot resist.
With the amendment 1 may vote for the resolution;
without it, I expe.ct to vote against it.
Mr. BAYLY appealed to the gentleman from
Tennessee to yield the floor to enable him to make
a brief explanation.
Mr. SAVAGE yielded.
Mr. CABLE, of Ohio, said he had an amend-
ment which he. wished to offer.. He would with
the assent of the gentleman from Virginia [Mr.
Bayly] to send it up to the Clerk's tabic to be
read.
Mr. BAYLY said, as far as he was concerned,
he had no objection to the gentleman's offering it,
but he wished the floor for a few minutes. He
would, however, reft r the gentleman from Ohio to
the gentleman fiom Tennessee, [Mr. Savage,]
who had the control of the floor.
Mr. SAVAGE expressed a willingness to yield
to allow of the amendment being read.
The SPEAKER. The gentleman from Ohio,
[Mr. Cable,] with the permission of the gentle-
man from Tennessee, gives notice of the following
amend'ment, which he intends to offer:
Provided, That neither slavery nor involuntary servitude.
e\eept Cor cmne, sh.tll exist in any countiy or cnuntrie^
winch may be discovered by said expedition, about the
Nuith Pole.
The reading of the amendment was received
with much merriment.
Mr. BAYLY resumed the floor and proceeded
to say that he had stated yesterday 
Mr. DUER. interposed to a point of order. He
asked whether the gentleman from Tennessee had
the right to yield the floor to another gentleman to
make a speech.
The SPEAKER. The Chair has decided re-
peatedly that it cannot be done if it is objected to.
Mr. DUER. I object.
Mr. BAYLY (to Mr, Duer.) The gentleman's
colleague [Mr. Brooks] made some personal tef-
erences to me yesterday, to which I desire to
reply.
Mr. DUER. I waive the objection then.
Mr. VAN DYKE. I renew it. Ifthegentle-
man from Virginia wishes to "say anything, let
him take a proper time when he is entitled to the
floor.
Objection being- made #to his proceeding—
Mr. BAYLY resumed his seat.
Mr. SAVAGE reclaimed his right to the floor.
Mr. HALL appealed to the gentleman from
Tennesse to allow him to send up to the Clerk's
table an amendment which he wished to olTer.
Mr. SAVAGE yielding for this purpose,
Mr. HALL sent up his amendment, as follows:
Provided^ That the Unite I States •-hall not be liable to
anv claim I'or compensation in case of the |os*, damage, or
dotuUion of the said ves-seN, or either them, ftom any
cau-e, or in any mariner whatever, nor he liable to any
demand for the use or risk of the said vessels or either of
them.
The SPEAKER. The amendment cannot be
offered at this time except by unanimous consent.
Objection being made, the amendment was not
received.
Mr. SAVAGE said he did not intend to say any-
thing more; he had said all that was necessary.
There was a broad distinction to his mind between
the two expeditions; one of them sought to find a
country which they knew coul&not be found; the
other sought and intended to relieve a country
which they knew they could find, and the down-
trodden inhabitants of which they knew were
bound in the chains of tyranny and oppression.
One went out on a wild, fanciful expedition, such
53
as was fit for England to engage in; while the
other went out with a practical object in view,
animated by that indomitable spirit of liberty
which all monarchical sympathies and efforts of
England,as well as all the power which this Gov-
ernment could bring to bear upon this thing, would
fail to repress.
In order to jgive opportunity for the discussion
of the question, he moved its reference to' the
Committee of the Whole on the state of the
Union.
Mr. BAYLY obtained the floor, and proceeded
to say, that on yesterday, when this proposition
was introduced, he had objected to it as visionary.
Mr. VAN DYKE interposed to a question of
order.
The SPEAKER. The gentleman from. New
Jersey will state his point of order.
Mr. VAN DYKE said, he believed the gentle-
man from Virginia [Mr. Bayly] had already
spoken upon this subject; he was not, therefore,
again entitled to the floor, if any othei gentleman
wished to address the House.
Mr. BAYLY. The question has been changed.
TheSPEAKER. The question has been changed
since the gentleman from Virginia addressed the
House, by the offering of an amendment and by
a motion to refer.
Mr. BAYLY said: Mr. Speaker, when this
resolution was before the House on yesterday, I
objected to it, because I considered the enterprise
which it is designed to encourage a visionary one;
and if it were proper for us to engage in it at all,
we ought to do u on our own account, and in a
manner becoming a great naval and commercial
nation. 1 did not thmk it becoming, especially
after the lofty ground our Executive had taken,
that we should satisfy ourselves with acting a
secondary part in rather a small piivate enterprise.
To-day I have other objections. This resolu-
tion, so far short of the occasion, if we are to do
anything in reference to it, is pressed upon us most
inconveniently, to the exclusion of pressing public
business. Fur it the census bill, which it is so
important should be acted upon, is put aside; and
the deficiency bill, the passage of which is so im-
peratively demanded, is delayed. And what is
the proposition thus intruded upon us? It is
one to connect us with an enterprise originating
in individual vanity—an enterprise got up for
" glory." I do not hesitate thus to speak of it.
in reference to this search for Sir John Franklin,
Great Britain herself has done everything requUite.
She has sent out numerous expeditions, and offered
magnificent rewards to enlist private cnterpiise.
For what, then, is this puny expedition with which
we aie asked to connect ourselves, projected ?
To add really and effectively to the force in search
of Sir John? Not at all. The letters of Lady
Franklin, so creditable to her as a wife, have en-
listed the sympathy of Christendom, and the pro-
jectors of this expedition expect to be glorified
throughout America and Europe. Well, sir, how
will it end ? i speak from the history of the past
when 1 say it will end in a manner veiy discredit-
able to us.
When Lafayette was about to come to this
country, it so happened that there were several
Ameiiean vessels in France—among them the
Dnn Quixote and the Cadmus. Their owners
offered and pressed upon the Marquis a free pas-
sage to America. He declined the offer of the
fir3t, for fear his would be ridiculed as emphati- |
cally a Quixotic expedition. He accepted the j|
other. The owner was toasted every where. H^ j
was complimented for magnificent hospitality, i;
He gained great "glory" for the time. But he |!
found in the end, in the language of his country- !j
men, that " itdid not pay." And after Lafayette |l
had returned to Krance, the Cadmus-man came 'j
here with a petition, insisting that we should pay Ij
him for bringing to our shores the nation's guest, /j
And a bill for his relief was most pertinaciously ji
and indecently pressed upon us for several years, jj
Again: during the lime of the Irish famine, we ij
were asked for the frigate Macedonian to carry iJ
provisions to the suffering poor of that country. ||
We were told that all they wanted was the loan of
the vessel—that we were not to pay.a cent—that
it was as well to put the ship at the service of the
applicants as to let her lie idle. In a moment of
weakness, Congress yielded to the request. She
was fitted out, and went upon heY voyage. The
liberty of cities was voted to those having her in
charge—magnificent entertainments were given
them—medals were awaided; and God knows
there was glory enough. But it was found that
"it did not pay," and we were exiled,upon, as
others acting a similar part have heretofore been
called upon, <{ to pay the piper." Then, as now,
we were assured, in the most vehement manner,
that we were not to be called upon to pay a cent;
and for our security, the high character of those
concerned was vouched. But after all the "glory"
was enjoyed, we were told, that unless we footed
the bill, application would be made to Queen Vic-
toria, Who had already offered to pay the freight
on all supplies taken to her suffering subjects.
To avoid national disgrace—to rescue ourselves
from this partnership, similar to that now pro-
posed—we were forced, under a moral duress,
to appropriate more money, greatly, than would
hafe paid the freight in merchant vessels, although
they had the ship free of charge.
Judging from the past, I suppose it will be so
again. Puffs in European newspapers, for mag-
nificent individual liberality, will be agreeable for
a time; but it will be found " not to pay," and we
will be called upon to pay.
If it is thought expedient for us to engage in
this enterprise, let us do it in a manner becoming
us as a nation. Let us act up to the lofty attitude
taken by our Executive, or let us have nothing to
do with the matter. Do not let us make ourselves
ridiculous by this impotent conclusion to our lofty
professions. #
Ail this zeal is in pursuit of praise, and not Sir
John Franklin. Suppose his was an exploring
i expedition of our own, which was supposed to be
i lost—one which had not attiacted so much notice,
! and about which so much had not been said and
written, think you, sir, we would have had all of
these manifestations? To think so would belie
our history.*
I repeat, sir, and 1 desire to do it emphatically,
if we are to engage in this enterprise let us do it
on our own account—in a manner befitting us as
a nation; let us send out a national vessel under in-
structions from our Government and upon our
national responsibility. Do not let U3 satisfy our-
selves, and fa'l so far short of the expectations
which our Executive has excited, by merely
furnishing the officers and men, paying them
wages and furnishing them with rations, as this
resolution proposes. If we have no vessels that
are fit for the service, let us purchase such as are;
or have nothing to d<> with this expedition. Do
not let us connect ourselves with it just so far as lo
make us responsible in character for it withoutany
control over it.
Mr. Speaker, one more remark and I am done.
On yesterday I was so infelicitous as to refer to
this enterprise as a "wild-goose chase." The
* In 1831 Captain Bannevitle went out to explore the
country between urn we-tein fr<>nu< r and the Pacific. He
went nut under Government in>trnctimis to explore the
eountiy. and especially lo vis-it the Indian tribes; to report
their number, their mode of warfare, &c. living say* of
him: " Thu  b.icked. and providi d, Capiam Batmevillft
' undertook his expedition to the far we-t, and was soon be-
yond the Rocky Mountains. Year after \ear elapsed with-
' out In* return. The term «>f his feav*  of ab-< w<* <i xpired,
' \ et no report was inadK of him at Ifeadfjuarter-sa.t Washing-
' ton. He was considered as virtuatlv dead or Jo<t, and his
< name was stricken Jrom the army iu>l " In les-s than four
y<=ar.«he relumed. He wa.-abandoned asiost iu a shorter time
than Sir John Franklin has b-en missing; he wa« an officer
of our army; he had gone out, under instructions from our
Government, to explore our own territory—to collect valu-
able information Hi respect to it and its *avaae inhabitants.
He suffered great hards-hips ; and fear? were*«ntertained for
lus safety a long time befoie he was given up a- lust; jet
no expeditions "were sent out for Ini sueror In his ca-e
applause vvnfe not to be gained ; a di.-tressed w.dow had not
enlisted the swnp<thv ot the world; '■ el >rv" was not,
therefore, to be gaiixd by a display of nia-.ntfie«'ht gener-
osity, and he was left to his fate ! But in tin* case, ti.e (ate
of an,enterprising and meritorious officer of our own army
was concerned, and not a distinguished foreigner
