1850.
THE COWmEmmiAL GL0BB.
lag#
duties elsewhere. I do not, therefore, feel at liberty
to shrink from offering it myself. I shall detain
the Senate but a Very few minutes in regard to it.
The early Presidents of the United States, owing
to the fact that they were immediately and person-
ally concerned in the civil and military affairs of
the Revolution, have sometimes been called the
" Revolutionary Presidents." There are five of
these tl Revolutionary Presidents:" Washington,
John Adams, Jefferson, Madison, and Monroe.
Now, the works of Washington, Jefferson, Madi-
son, and Monroe—four but of five of these "Rev-
olutionary Presidents'1—all coming from one part
of the country, all coming from a single State—and
it is (he highest honor to that State that she has
included such a cluster of stars in herown sky—the
works of these four Virginia Presidents, I repeat,
have all been published by Congress, at an aggre-
gate expense of $181,950. Congress has appro-
priated for the works of Washington, $45,000;
for those of Jefferson, $49,950; for those of Madi-
son, $67,000; and for those of Mr. Monroe, whose
writings have been purchased, but not yet pub-
lished, $20,000. Now, I need not tell the Senate
who John Adams was. He was the second Presi-
dent of the United States. He was the first Vice
President of the United States, and the first per-
son who ever presided over this body. Sir, he was
more than this. It was he wbo, in 1775,"nomina-
ted George Washington to be commander of all the
armies raised and to be raised in defence of Ameri-
can liberty. It was he, above all, who, in 1801,
nominated John Marshall to be Chief Justice of
the United States of America. It was he of whom
Thomas Jefferson said, that " he was the Colossus
of Independence on the floor of the American
Congress." He was in public life from his earliest
youth. I must cite a little extract from a letter of
his when he was only twenty years of age, which
proves his extraordinary and prophetic sagacity in
regard to the future destiny of his country. He
writes to a friend from Worcester, Massachusetts,
before he had entered, I believe, upon the study
of law, under date of October 12, 1755 
Mr. BENTON, (in his seat.) Before Brad-
dock's defeat.
Mr. WINTHROP, (continuing.) As follows:
" Soon after the Reformation a ffew people came over
into this World, for conscience sake. Perhaps this
apparently trivial incident n*ay transfer the great seat of
empire into Ameiica. It looks likely to me ; tor, if we can
remove the turbulent Gallics, our people, according to the
ex.ietest computation, will tn another century become more
numerous than England itself. Should this be the ca^e,
since we have, t may >ay, all the naval stores of the nation
in our handc*, it will be ea--y to obtain a mastery of the ;
and then the united force of all Europe will not be able to
subdue us. The only way to keep us from setting up for
ourselves is lo disunite us."
He then goes on to say:
"Be not suipiised that I am turned politician. This
whole town ia immersed in politics. The interests of na-
tions, and all the dira of war, make ihe subject of every con-
versation. 1 sit and hear, and after having been led through
a maze of sage observations, I emnetnnes retire, and, laying
things together, form some reflections pleasing to myself.
The produce of one of these reveries you have read above."
Such was one of the extraordinary " reveries"
of John Adams as long ago as 1755—as the Sena-
tor from Missouri has suggested, before Brad-
dock's defeat—he being then a young; man of
twenty years of age. That prophetic sagacity did
not fail him at another period of his life. We all
remember another of these reveries in a letter to
his wife, written on the very day on which the
Declaration of Independence was adopted by Con-
gress, when he expressed himself thus:
«The day is passed. The 4th of July, 1776, will be a
memorable epoch in the history ot America. I am apt to
believe it will be celebrated by succeeding generations as
the great anmver?arv festival. It ought to he commemora-
ted as the day of deliverance, by solemn acts of devotion to
Almighty God. It ought to be solemnized with pomp*,
shows, game?, sport?, suns, bells, bonfires, awd illumina-
tions, from one end of'the continent to the other, from this
tune torward forever."
Here was another illustration of that devoted
attachment to American liberty—of that undoubt-
ing faith, I should rather say, in the great cause
of American freedom, which inspired him with a
sort of prophetic foresight of the future, and which
revealed to him " the substance of things hoped
for, and the evidence of things unseen."
But, Mr. President, I am detaining the Senate
too long. We all know who John Adams was,
and where he came from; and 1 only desire to add a
word or two more on the precise subject before us.
I have said that he was a member of' the first Con-
gress of the United Coloniesi in 1774,1775, and
1776—that.Congress to which Lord Chatham paid
so striking and memorable a compliment, when he
said:
" That, for him«etf, he must declare that he had studied
and admired the. free States of antiquity, the master States
of the world, but that for solidity of reasoning, foree of sa-
gacity, and wivjom of conclusion, no body of me.n could
stand before the American Congress."
That w.as the remark of Lord Chatham. Now
to apply it. Jphn Adams was a member of this
first Congress—of the three first Congresses, in-
deed—ithat of Independence included. These
Congresses sat with closed doors. There were
no reporters in those days like those before us.
And there are, at this moment, no reports
whatever of their proceedings, except such as are
found in these very papers which are the sub-
ject of the amendment I propose. John Adams,
with that habit of exactness and method which
belonged to him, kept a journal of the proceed-
ings of the three first Congresses of the United
Colonies, and among them the Congress of Inde-
pendence, as Mr. Madison did of the Conven-
tion which framed the Constitution of the United
States. Indeed, fylr. President, as the memorial
which %vas presented here on this subject well
says, the larger portions of these papers are
made up of materials of singular interest to the.
Government and people of the United States,
" comprising, (is they do, reports of the proceed-
< ings of the Congresses of 1774, 1775, and 1776,
' in which the writer loas a conspicyous actor, and re-
' ports of which exist nowhere else; and of a diary and
' autobiography from the year 1755 to the close of his
' public life, never yet published; and of other works,
' chiefly relating to our revolutionary history and the
'formation of our Constitution." It is hardly too
much to add, that the history of John Adams is
the civil history of this country for the period of
his public career.
The memorialists go on to state the facts which
I have already stated as to the appropriations
made for the publication of the works of four out
of the five first Presidents of the United States.
They state that the publication of works of this
magnitude is too expensive for private enterprise;
and they conclude by praying Congress to encour-
age them by a subscription fora thousand copies, to
be distributed among the States, or in such way
as the wisdom of Congress may decide. Without
more words, I leave the subject to the Senate.
Mr. DICKINSON. That John Adams was
among the first patriots, and among men of the first
minds, no one denies. I have often taxed my
imagination when the fourth of July has come
round to deliver eulogies in favor of him and other
patriots of his day; and I may do so again if I do
not lose what little imagination I have in discuss-
ing these dry financial questions The purchase
of papers which have been prepared by former
Presidents, so far as I know, has hitherto been
done under the recommendation of Committees on
the Library, or other committees, and have been
examined and recommended by them; and the
question regarding them has come before Congress
in such a form as to enable it to be fully dis-
cussed.
This amendment is thrown into an appropria-
tion bill within five days of the termination.of the
session. It is a matter for very considerate legis-
lation; and the very fact that the honorable Sena-
tor from Massachusetts finds it a theme calculated
to excite the imagination and revive so many pa-
triotic recollections, shows that it is not a matter
that belongs to the intricacies and mathematical
calculations of a bill on finance. It should be a
question for consideration by itself. Will the hon-
orable Senator inform me when that petition was
sent in ?
Mr. PEA.RCE. This petition was sent here
last year, and has been re-presented this session.
It has been before the Committee on the Library,
who have not come to any definite conclusion in
regard to it; but they had come to a resolution so
far as this, that they would not recommend the
purchase of a thousand copies, nor exceeding five
hundred. I would recommend to the Senator
from Massachusetts to adopt the latter number.
Mr. DICKINSON. I do not see any reason
for Congress to have one single copy, unless it is
to place it in the library. The reason for the pur-
chase of the Hamilton, and Jefferson, and Mon-
roe, and Madison papers does not apply in this
case. Those papers were by their sale to min-
ister to the wants of those nearest and dearest to
those distinguished men while living; hut no such
case is presented here. This is a wealthy family,,,
and this subject does not belong; to this bill, and
hence I cannot vote for it, although I have thp.
highest regard for the memory of that distinguished
individual whose eulogy has been so beautifully
pronounced by the Senator from Massachusetts,
Mr. PEARCE. The appropriations for the
purchase of the Jefferson, Hamilton, Mpnroe, wid
Madison papers.w.ere all made in the appropriation
bill.
Mr. BADGER. I was about to state that fact
myself, in order to set the honorable chairman of
the Committee on Finance right in respect to his
statement, that these appropriations must be made
as separate measures. The motion to purchase
the papers of Mr. Montoe was made by a member
from Virginia, and the motion to purchase those
of Alexander Hamilton was made as an amend-
ment by a member from Maryland. 1 think now?
it would be a very ungracious act'to refuse to pur-
chase the papers of that distinguished individual,
Mr. Adams, with the same readiness and prompti-
tude as has been heretofore shown in the purchase
of the papers of those great men who were en-
gaged with him in the same great work of the
American Revolution.
The question being taken, and a division called
for, there were—ayes 23, noes 20.
S > the motion was agreed to.
Mr. HAMLIN. I have been instructed by the
Committee on Commerce to offer the following
amendment to the bill:
" For the purpose of testing the use and economy of the
calfium light in some light-hou'se, $5,000; to be expended
under the direction of the Secretary of the Treasury."
I will detain the Senate o-nly to state that this
matter underwent the investigation of the.commit-
tee, who examined .all the matters connected with
the subject while the light was being exhibited
from the dome of the Capitol. The evidence was
pretty clear that if the light could be applied, it
could be furnished for about one fourth of the pres-
ent cost. If that be the case, it is a matter of great
importance to the Government.
Mr. CASS. It hasalready cost the Government
a vastsum to make experimentsof this sort. If the-
experiment is to be made, let the individual con-
cerned in getting up the light make it at his own
expense, and when completed, if satisfactory., let
the Government make use of it, and pay for it.
Mr. DAVIS, of Massachusetts. Thisiscertainly
a remarkably brilliant light, but it is substantially
what is called the Drummond light. However^ be-
fore this appropriation is made, I would ask if a
light-house is a proper place at which to try ex-
periments ? At present I am not satisfied that this
is a light that can be made available for the pur-
pose of a lis;ht-house. True, it may have been
i recommended, but we have had very strong rec-
| ommendations of what was called the rostn gas-
light, which was thought to be so simple that it-,
could be readily adapted to light-houses, it was
tried on the Delaware bay, and it seemed to fail
utterly when it w.is applied. In order to keep up
the light it was necessary to have gasometers con-
nected with the hght-house to make the gas, and
there was so much machinery about it that u was
found better to substitute oil again to keep up the.
Ii^ht. The Fifth Auditor states that he considers
this light inapplicable to the purpose of a light-
house; and I repeat that if the experiment should
be made it should not be in a light-house.
Mr. SOULE. I hope the amendment will be
suffered to pass. Prom the exhibitions we have
had of that light, I think there can be no doubt as
to its efficiency, and of its superiority over the
lights which are now used in our light-houses.
The machinery connected with it, and which was
exhibited to she Committee on Commerce seemed
to be exceedingly simple, and will not require the
attention of any scientific man to adapt it to the uses
for which it is intended. The amount which the
amendment proposes is very triflingj and the re-
sults which may be produced by the experiment
may be of great magnitude to the interests of the
country.
The amendment was rejected.
Mr. COOPER. I wish to offer the following
amendment, to come in after line 969:
" That the name of the portf Presque I-le,'ai Erie, Penn
sylvania, be changed to the name of 'Erie," and that the
collector of said port be required to issue new licecseb to
