1850.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
The amendment was again read for inform-
ation.
The SPEAKER propounded the question on
the demand for the yeas and nays.
Mr. BROOKS. There is no objection to the
amendment; why call the yeas and nays ?
Mr. HALL. I insist upon the call of the yeas
and nays. Let the names be put upon the record.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
Mr. CONRAD suggested that the amendment
was accepted.
The SPEAKER. The Chair will state to the
House that no one is authorized to accept an
amendment, the joint resolution having been re-
ported from a committee.
Mr. STANTON, of Tennessee. I ask whether
it cannot be adopted by general consent?
The SPEAKER. If the yeas and nays are de-
manded by one-fifth of the members present, they
must be taken.
The question was then t&ken, and the vote
stood—yeas 124, nays 15.
So the amendment was agreed to.
The question recurring on ordering the joint
resolution to be engrossed for a third reading, was
taken, and decided in the affirmative without a
division.
The SPEAKER announced the next question,
to be on ordering the joint resolution to be read a
third time, and passed.
Mr. KAUFMAN inquired if the joint resolu-
tion and amendment had been engrossed ?
The SPEAKER. They have been engrossed.
Mr. JONES. Ilave they since the amendment
was adopted ?
Mr. STANTON, of Tennessee, demanded the
previous question.
Mr. .TONES inquired if that resolution was cer-
tified to have been engrossed ?
The SPEAKER. The resolution has been en-
grossed.
Mr. JONES. Who has certified it?
The SPEAKER. The Chair is not aware that
any certificate is necessary.
Mr. JONES said there was a Committee on
Enrolled Bills, and asked what were their duties?
The SPEAKER. The Committee on Enrolled
Bills have nothing to do with the engrossment of
bills
Mr. JONES. Well; is there not a committee
on engrossed bills ?
The SPEAKER. The Chair is not aware of
any.
The Question recurring on seconding the demand
for the previous question, was taken and decided
in the affirmative.
The main question was ordered, being on the
passage of the joint resolution.
Mn CABLE, of Ohio, demanded the yeas and
nays.
The yeas and nays were ordered, and, being
taken, resulted—yeas 94, nays 45; as follows.
YEAS—Messrs. Alexander, Allen, Alston, Baker, Ben-
nett, Bocock, Booth, Bovvdon, Bowie, Briggs, Brooks, Cur-
rows*, Chester Butler, Joseph P. Caldwell, Calvin, Camp-
bell, Casey, Chandler, Clarke, Clingrnan, Conger, Conrad,
Corwm, Crowell, Deberrv, Dickey, Dmnmck, Dixon, Doty,
Duer, Duncan, Durkee, Fitch, Freedley, Gidihngs, Uoode-
now, Gould, Gnnnell, Ilallowaj, Hampton, Harlan, T. L.
Harris. Haymond, HebardrHenrv, Houston, Howe, W. T.
Jackson, Julian, Kerr, Daniel P. King. George G. King,
James G. King, John A. King, La Sere, Mattes-on, McKib-
eock, Robert M. McLan*', Moore, Morse, Morton, NpIson,
Otis Outlaw, Pitman, Potter, Putnam, Jieed, Risley, R b-
bin*, Rockwell, Root, Rose. Runisey, Sehermerhorn, Shep-
pi rd, Silvester, Spauldms, Spiague, Stanly, Frederick P.
Stanton, Richard II. Stanton, Strong, Taylor, Thurman,
Tuck, Underbill, Vinton, Walden, Wtntwoith, White,
Wilson, and Wmthrop—94.
NAYS—Messrs. Albcrtson, Averett, Bayly, Beale, Bing-
ham, Boyd, Joseph Cable, Williamson K. VV. Cobb, Col-
cock, Dunham, Featheiston, Hall, Hamilton, Hammond,
Haralson, lsham G. Harris, Hibbaid, liolhday, Howard, J.
W. Jackson, Andrew Johnson, Jones, Kaufman, Preston
King, Littlefield, Job Mann, Ma-on, McClernaud, McDow-
ell, McLanalntn, McQueen, Miilson, Orr, Peasle.e, Peck,
Phelps, Ross, Sweetser, Thomas, Jacob Thoinp-on, James
Thompson, Wallace, Wellborn, Wildrick, and Woodward
—45.
So the joint resolution was passed.
Mr. McLANE, of Maryland, rose, he said, to
move a reconsideration of the vote by which the
joint resolution had been passed, and his intention
was to move to lay that motion on the table, for he
was not willing to embarrass the passage of the
resolution, by presenting at this time what he
deemed necessary to pefeet it. He had throughout
this discussion thought it very necessary that Con-
gress should do much more than receive these
vessels. He had been of the opinionrthat it was the
duty of this Government to institute a search upon
its own responsibility; and it was his purpose, if
the gentleman from New York [Mr. White] had
withdrawn the previous question, in replying to
such objections as had been ur^ed from various
parts of the House, and principally from life side,
to have given notice that he should have moved
such an amendment.
He took this occasion to express his very great
surprise at the adoption of the proviso, which—he
was very sure through inadvertence—had received
the sanction of the House. He disavowed any
intention to reflect upon the course of gentlemen.
The adoption nf that amendment, in his judgment,
rendered it*ndispensable that this House should
pass ajoint resolution, refunding; to Mr. Gnnnell
all the expenses to which he had been put in fit-
ting out these vessels. That these vessels did
belong to the United States, and that all the ex-
penses of this expedition, from this time forth,
fell upon the United States, there was no question.
He was well aware that we had no ships in the
navy suitable for such an expedition; it was per-
fectly well known to the Committee on Naval
Affairs that we had no ships suitable for such an
expedition. It would therefore have been neces-
sary for the Government to have built ships ex-
pressly for this purpose; but inasmuch as these
ships had been built by a private individual, a
merchant, and as they had been accepted by the
Government, and officers of the navy placed upon
them, and the discipline of the navy applied to
them, it was now emphatically a Government ex-
pedition ; and he did not suppose that any gentle-
man who had voted m favor of this joint resolu-
tion felt disposed to shrink from this view of the
question.
Mr. STANTON, of Tennessee, interposed, and
(the floor being yielded for explanation,) said he
desired to say—in order that it might be known
on his side of the House as it was on the other side
—that in fitting out this expedition Mr. Grmnell
had had no purpose of obtaining such action on
the part of the Government as was proposed in
the amendment of which the gentleman from
Maryland had now given notice.
Mr. McLANE replied, certainly not: he had
made no such intimation. He had had the honor j
to present the memonal of Mr. Gnnnell upon this
subject, and to move its reference to the Commit-
tee on Naval Affairs; in which he (Mr. Grmnell)
asked- nothing but that the discipline of the navy
should be extended to these vessels, that they
should be officered fiom the navy, and placed un-
der the protection of the flag of the United States.
He had deemed it proper to make this-expres-
sion of his views, and to give notice that he should
favor the passage hereafter by Congress of a joint
resolution refunding to Mr. Grinnell the expenses
which he had incurred in fitting out this expedi-
tion. He now moved to lay the motion to recon-
sider on the table.
Mr. CABLE, of Ohio, moved that the House
adjourn, and on that motion he demanded the
yeas and nays.
The yeas and nays were not ordered, and the
House refused to adjourn.
The question recurring on the motion to lay on
the table the vole by which the joint resolution
had been passed, was taken and decided in the
affirmative, without a division.
So the House laid on the table the motion to
reconsider, and the joint resolution was finally
passed.
On motion, the House adjourned. j
PETITIONS, Sec.
The following petitions, memorials, &c., were
presented under the rule, and referred to the ap-
propriate committees:
By Mr. DURKEE : The petition of citizens of Lisbon, in
the State of Wisconsin, lot the eotabhsluuent and protection
of freedom in the teiritories.
Also, a petition ot the same, against the admission of
any more slave States.
Also, a petition of the same, for the repeal of all laws,
enacted or adopted by Congress f<Jr the support of slavery in
the Distuct of Columbia.
Also, a petition of the same, in favor of securing to al-
leged fugitive* the right ot ttial by jury.
By Mr. GORMAN: The inemoii.il of H. H. Green, of
New Albany, Indiana, for compensation for sei Vices while
in the army in Mexico.
By Mr. BINGHAM : The petition of James Seymour
and other citizens of Flushing, in the State of Michigan,
for a mail-route from Flint to Corrauna, in said State.
By Mr. RISLEV: The petition of Stephen Palmer and
314 other citizens of Chautauque eortntyj New York, pray-
ing Congress to pass tr law to establish 4he rites of postage
at three cents per half ounce, and the same for every addi-
tional half ounce on prepaid letters, and five cents If not
prepaid.
Also, the petition of Elisha Fo ter, of Chautauque county,
New York, praying Congress to grant him a pension for in-
jury received while serving the country in the war of 1812
with Great Britain.
By Mr. FULLER: The memorial of Aaron Hoydon ami
others, owners of the steamer Admiral, praying Congress to
pass a just and uniform law upon the subject ol alien pas-
sengers.
By Mr. WOOD: A petition from O. White and 102
others, citizens of Maumee City, Ohio, to secure alleged
fugitives the right ot tual by jury.
Aloo, a petition fiom W. Baker and 112 others, citizens of
Maumee City, Ohio, for the repeal of all laws for the support
of flavery in the DWtnci of Columbia.
Also, the petition of D. L.Gregory and 102 others, citi-
zens of Maumeo City, Ohio, fur the piotection of freedom
in the territories of the United States.
ANo, the petition of O. White and 112others, citizens
of Maumee City, Ohio, against the admioaion of any more
slave States into the Union.
By Mr. DOi'Y: The petition of William Harris, George
Knowles, and others, in favor of two cum posiage.
Also, the petition of Greenherry Wright, John Martin,
and others, that slavery and the «lave trade be piohibited in
the territories; that the constitutions of all new States shall
prohibit slavery; that all laws permitting; slavery and the
slave trade m the Di-trict of Columbia be repealed, or the
seat of Government removed; and that fugjtive slaves be
entitled to tn-'l by iiiry.
By Mr. FOWLER: The petition of Aaron Foster and
fortv others, citizens of Massachusetts, praying that mea«- '
urea may he adopted for settling national disputes by arbi-
tiation.
Bv Mr. CABLE, of Ohio: The petition of Benoni Wil-
kinson, and 4-2 other citizens of Brush Creek, Jefferson '
county, Ohio, to secure to alleged fugitives the right of trial
by jury.
Also, the petition of Absalom Foutz and 39 other citizens
of Brush Creek, JelFeis-on county, Ohio, for the establish-
ment and protection of freedom in the terrttones of the
United Slates.
Also, the petition of the same and 38 other citizens of the
sain? place, against Uie admission of more slave States into
tho Union.
•Also, the petition of the same and 36 other citizens of the
same place, for the repeal ot all laws enacted by Congress
fui the support o( slavery in the District of Columbia.
By Mr. ROBBfNS : The petition, in tavor ot cheap post-
age, signed by William Spencer and 252 others, mostly citi-
zens of Philadelphia, Pennsylvania.
Ai<o, the petition, in favor of cheap postage, signed by
John Duffy and 138 others, most of whom are citizens of
Philadelphia, Pennsylvania. *
j Al-o, the petition, Hgurd by Josiah J. Kieff arid 63 other
j citizens of Reading, Pennsylvania, asking the National Le-
i gM ature to e-tabhsh the rates of postage on prepaid letters
at two cents per half ounce.
Also, the petition, signed l y James Smyth and 157 others,
i who state that the subject of cheap postage has been so
' widely considered among the people, and its results in Great
Britain for ten years have been so succcsbful, lhat we earn-
estly a*.k our National Legislature to grant us the satne ben-
efit, by establishing the rates of postage on prepaid letters
at two cents per half ounce.
Also, the petition, signed by Daniel Graham and 330
others, principally citizens of Philadelphia, in favor of cheap
postage.
Also, the petition, signed by B. F. Van D\ ke and 214
other*, most df whom are citizens of Philadelphia, Penn-
sylvania, in favor of cheap postage.
Bv Mr. KING, of Massachusetts: The petition of William
Tves and 167 other citizens of Salem, Massachusetts, for a
cheap and uniform rate of postage.
AI<o, the petition of George Parker and 50 other citizens
of Readme and N. Rcndine, tor the same object.
Bv Mr. McDONALD: The petition of George McFarland
and 76 other citizens of Carioll county, soldiers of the war
of 1812, playing for bounty land for sei vices in said war.
Also, the petition of H. S- Scott and 7n other citizens of
Fountain count}, Indiana, praying for the right of trial by
jui v for fugitive slaves.
Al-o, the petition of H. S. Scott and 60 other citizens of
Fountain, praying for the repeal of all laws authorizing .-la-
very in the District of Columbia and the territories of the
United State*.
Al-o, the petition of II S. Scott arid 50 other citizens of
Fountain county, Indiana, remonstratm? against the admis-
sion of more new slave States into the Union.
HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES.
Monday, Jlpril 29, 1850.
The Journal of Friday was read.
Mr. WENTWORTH addressed the Speaker
and ^as recognized.
Mr. WOOD rose to a privileged question. He
said he perceived from the " Daily Globe" that his
name was not recorded on the final vote upon the
resolution relative to the Franklin Expedition.
He was present and voted against the resolution;
and he asked that the Journal be corrected accord-
ingly.
No objection being made, the motion was agreed
to.
The Journal, as corrected, was approved.
THE PUBLIC PRINTING.
Mr. WENTWORTII (still retaining the floor)
