838
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
April 29,
said, in accordance with the pledge which he had
made to the House some two or three weeks since,
and which he had been trying to redeem but had
had no opportunity until the present, he now asked
leave to offer a resolution respecting the public
printing; and if objection was made to its consid-
eration^ should 'be obliged to consume the time
of the House by moving to suspend the rules for
this purpose.
BOUJVTY LAND TO SOLDIERS.
The SPEAKER, stated that there was a motion
now pending to suspend the rules, being that made
by the gentleman from Alabama, [Mr. Cobb,] on
♦ Monday last, pending the consideiation of which
the House had adjourned. That motion was first
in order.
Mr. COBB, of Alabama. 1 call for the consid-
eration of that motion.
The SPEAKER. The Chair will state the
question on the motion of the gentleman from
Alabama. The gentleman moved to suspend the
rules of the House to enable hipn to introduce a
resolution to make the House bill No. 244, heing
a bill providing for soldiers of the war of 1812,
1813, 1814, and 1315: the Indian wars of 1811;
the Seminole war of 1835, 1836, &c., and the war
known as General Wayne'*, of 1792 to 1795, that
have not heretofore been provided for,—the special
order of the day for the third Tuesday of June
next. The question will be on the suspension of
the rules for the reception of the motion.
Mr. COBB asked the yeas and nays.
The yeas and nays were otdered, and, being
taken, resulted—yeas 127, nays 27, as follows:
YEAS—Messrs. Alb^rt-on, Alexander, B.iy, Reale, Ben-
nett, Btssell, Booth, Bowdnn, Boyd, Brisrg*,
Albert G.1?rown, William J. Brown, Bu«l, Burrows, Che s-
ter Bull r, Joseph Cable, Jose h P. Caldwell, Calvin, earl-
ier, Casev, Chandler, Chngman, Williamson R. W. Cobb,
Cot win, Dickey, Dimtniek, Daly, Dnn< mi, Dunham, Ewing,
Fitch; Fowler,Fuller. Gorman, (Jott, Gould, Hall, ILillowny,
Hamilton, Haralson, Harlan, (shunt G. Harris, Thomas L.
Harris, H iy, Hajmfmd. Hebard, Hihhard, Holland, How-
ard, Howe, In^u, W. T lack^on, Andrew Johnson, It. VV.
Johnson, Jones, Julian, Kaufman, Daniel I' Kina, G<  rge
d. Kuiff, John A. Kinjj, Preston King, Latere. Li ffler.
L't'leleld, Marshall, Mfttteson, M< Clernnnd, Me-
D'Miald, M I) >well, M G.inglww, McLanahan, Robert M
MeLane, McQueen, M >acham, Moore, Morehe.id, Morse.
Old*, Orr. Outlaw, Peas-lee, Peek}< Phelps, Pitman, Potter,
Powell, Putnam, Iteed, ftiohaidson, Hit-ley, Uobbins, Rot k-
well, Rose, Ross, Kum<ey, Sawtelle. Scherineihorn, Shep-
perd, Silvester, Sprague, Frederick P. Stanton, Richard H.
Stanton, Alexander H. Stephens, Stetson, Strong, Sweet-er,
Taylor, Thomas Jacob Thompson, Jarne.^ Thompson, John
B. Thomtwon, William Thompson, Tlumnan, Underbill,
Waldeu, Waldo. Waikms. \V< liborn, Wentworih, Whittle-
t.ev, Wildriek, Williams Wood, ami Yotntjj-127.
NA Ytf—Mrssr-. Averelt, B i\ ly, Boerx k. Campbell, Cfaike
Conger, Crowed, Debenv, ])i*on, Duer/ .Me.\, nder Evan*
Freedley, Gi.hhn^, Ilolhdiv, M.,ide, MslNrni, Morton'
Nelson, On*, Roor, Ppanldimr. Stanly, Tonmb>- Vinton,
White, Wilson, and Winihrop—27.
So the rules were suspended.
Mr. COBB now made his motion that the said
bill be made the special order of the day for the
third Tuesday in .Tune.
Mr. LITTLEFIELD moved so to amend the
motiun, as to add " and from day 10 day thereafter
until the hill shall have been finally disposed of."
Mr. COBB indicated his willingness to accept
the amendment.
The question was put to the House, and was
decided in the,affirmntive, without a division.
So the amendment was agreed to.
And the question was then taken on the molion
as thus amended, and decided in the affirmative:
without a division.
So the bill was made the special order of the day
for the third Tuesday in June next, and for each
succeeding day until disposed of.
THE PUBLIC PRINTING.
Mr. WENTWORTH now sent to the Clerk's
table, to be read, the resoluiion of which he had
given notice. If any objection was made, he said
he should be under the necessily of consuming ihe
time of the Hou<e so far as to call for the yeas
and nays. This he did not wish to do, and he did
hoped that the necessity would not present itself,
but that the resolution would be received without
objection.
The resolution was read, as follows :
Resolved, That a select committee of nine menih«r<5 of
ins liousc be appointed, to investigate the present oond -
tinn ol ihc; public printing, and Tile cau-e  of Hie delay ;
« her adequate P"e,Sa,e pa,d, and it not, what wo.il.
mh ,t", "nCte ; wl!e !lf-r "'<• present prices, are the
uiesent !'y, ,iiW'I"J 1 ''"Wmg under it; and wliellier Hie
S  ow " th ' tmie of the": ,akl"S tlll! contract,
«  ow Have any type or presses of their own; who are their
sureties ; whether those sureties are not the actual owners
of the contract, and used the names of two ot iheir fin-
plovees in order to get the contract, and then k< ep hat k the
public printing until «hev extorted fioin Congress higher
prices; and whethet the printing, papn*, and biiidtnz, have
been equal to th<tt stipulated for in the contriet; • nd <iNo,
whether there ha* been a difference in the priming, paper,
and binding, of the same documents when laid upon te-
tanies o#Ahe members of Congress, and when sent to the
folding room ; and also, whether the present printers have
taken more than the prices stipulated tor in their contract
for any work paid for out of the contingent fund of cither
Hou>e ofCoi «res3; whtther there exists any combination
among any printers in the city of Wftj hin ton to break up
the contract sy*tem ; and il'&o, whether the present public
printers or their sureties are a party to it; and also, whether
either of the contractors, or ot the sureties, or any one else
for them, or either of thein urged the present delay of the
public printing as a rea on why the prices should be* in-
creased ; and whether the present public printer or their
sureties have not ample materials for doine til# public print-
ing m«>re expeditiously lhan they now do ; whether they
run their presses a I the lime on Congress piintn.g; and
whether they employ all the workmen that it is in their
power to employ; and also, what abuses have existed, or
now < xi*t, in the manner ol doing the public printing, what
profit* have been made, or losses sustained under the dif-
ferent prices, and what alterations in the prtseut law are
neo^-ary in order to si cure greater expedition in doing the
printing, and to prevent liaudutent ot fictitious bid*..
And that they also inquire what est.>bh>hments in this
city are prepn>< d to do the punting for the presentCorigiuss,
who are tlieir proprietor-, and what would be then prices;
and that thev also inquire what would be the net profit-- on
the number of copie* of the Patent Office, report, and ottier
document's, of which numerous copies have been order d
at thi-= session, according to a pi ice of twenty per cent, be-
low the joint resolution of 1811).
And, mat the said committee have power to send for per-
son* and pap< rs
The resolution having been read,
Mr. HOAGLAND rose and objected to its re-
ception.
Mr. WENTWORTH moved that the rules be
suspended to enable him to introduce the resolution.
Mr. STANLY asked the yeas and nays, which
were ordered.
And the question, u Shall the rules be suspend-
ed ?" was then taken, and decided in the affirma-
tive, yeas 145, nays 14, as follows:
YEA^—Messr*. Albertson, Alexander, Allen, AMon,
Ashe, Av«-rett, Bav, Reale, Bennett, Bingham, Bi-m-11,
Booth, Riig£<, Brook*, Albeit G. Blown, William J. liiown,
Bitriow*, Ch'Ster Buthi, Joseph Cable, Jo-epii P. Cald-
well Calvin, Campbell, Catitei, Ca-ev, Chandler, Clarke,
Cleveland, Clmgman, Williamson I?. VV. Cobb, Colcock,
Conger. Corwm, Ciowell, Daniel, Deberiy, Dickev, Dun-
imck, Ihxon, Doty, Dner, Duncan, Dunham, Durkee, Alex-
ander Evans, Ewing, Fowler, Freedle\, Gentrj, Gidding>,
Gorman, Goit, Gould, II .11. Ilallowa.v, Pl.multon, H.naKon3
H.ulan, Thoma-L. Hairi-, Hay, f-Iaymond, H'-bard, Henry,
Hibimrd, Holndav, Houston. IJow e, Inge, W. T. J.ick-on, A
loliiwon, Julian. Kaufman, Kerr, IJ.iniel P King, G  org*- G.
King. John A. King. Prefton King, La Fex, Lefflerrijit-
tlefiehi, Marshall, iMatte.-on, .M( Dowel', AfeLanalian, Rch-
eif Mcl^ Hlf, MeMnllen, McCiueeri, Meacluiin, Moor* ,
Moiehead. Mor-e, Morton, Wlson, N'es., Old-, O; r, Oti^.
Pea-lee, Pe< k. Ph<-lp*, Pitman, J'oiter, Powell, Reed,
ley, Robhm*, Koekwell, Koot. Rose, llosf-, Rumsey, Savage,
Siwtclle, ScheriiH ihorn, Shepp.-rd, Silvt-tt-r, ^ji.iuUhng,
Spr.tgue, Stanly, Richard II Manton, Alexander H. {Ste- :
plieib, Stetson, Sitong. Sweeper, T.i\lor. Thoma-, Ja<-(,b I
lhoiii|M) •, Jo|m B Thompson, Wilii.im Th>im|i-on, Thur 1
man, Tuck. Underbill, Vinton, Walderi, Wahlo, Watkms, i
Wellborn, Wentwoi th, White, Whitile-ey, Wildn k, Wil- '
hum*. Wil-on, Winihrop, Wood, ai.d Woodward—1-:5. !
NAYs5 — M* -\-rs. Ba\!v, Bov\ <h n, Bo\d, Fitcli, I-h.mi G. 1
Tlairis, Hoagland, Huhb.trd, Robert W. John*on, Jone.j, !
Ma-on, M'-Clernand, Meade, Frcdcnck P. Stanton, and '
Toombs—14. i
So the tules were suspended.
And the repohition being thus before the House, !
Mr. WENTWORTH said, that after the vety
large vote by which the resolution had been received '
he would forego the remarks which he had jn- .
tended to make, and, in order that the matter might \
be brought at once to a close, he would move the
previous question.
Mr. MEADE appealed to the gentleman from 1
Illinois [Mr. Wentworih] to waive the motion, ■
to allow him (Mr. M.) to offeran amendment !
The SPEAKER, (to Mr. Wektworth ) Does j
the gentleman wiihdiaw the demand ? '
Mt- WENTWORTH. I hope 1 may be al- !
Sowed to make a suggestion which the House will
understand. Ihts is A'londay, upon which day
alone motion? to suspend the rules arc m otder.
If a discussion should arise now, the resolution
would go over until this day two weeks; and the
result may be that we may tail to get up the meas- :
ure and bring it before the country at once. J
therefore insist on my demand for the previous !
question.
Mr. MEADE urged the withdrawal of the mo- >|
tion, that he might submit his amendment. i'
Mr. WEM WORTH said, he would vote for :i
the amendment of the gentleman from Virginia, ii
[Mr. Meade,] as a distinct proposition. * |i
The SPEAKER. The amendment is not in
order pending the demand for the previous ques-
tion.
Mr. WENTWORTH persisted in his demand.
Theie were, he said, seveial other gentlemen who
wished to offer amendments, one of which had
asked him to withdraw his motion, and he (Mr.
W.,) had declined to do so.
The SPEAKER, interposed and said that no re-
marks were in order by the gentleman fiom Illi-
nois, [Mr. Wentworth,] or any other gentleman.
So the demand for the pievious question was
not withdrawn.
And the question recurring on seconding the
same—
Mr. HOAGLAND called for the reading of the
resolution.
The SPEAKER said, the resolution having been
read once, could only be read again t y unanimous
consent.
Objection was made.
The question was then taken on the demand for
the previous question, and there was a second.
And the main question was ordered to be now
taken.
And the main question (nn the adoption of the
resolution) was taken and decided in ihe affirma-
tive, without a division.
So the resolution was adopted.
Mr. WENTWORTH moved a reconsideration
of the vote by which the resolution had been
adopted, and that that motion be laid upon the
table.
| And it was ordered accordingly.
! THE CENSUS.
' Mr. THOMPSON, of Pennsylvania, moved
j that the rules be suspended, and that the House
| resolve itself into Committee of the Whole on the
: state of the Union, for the purpose of resuming
I the consideration of the special oider, (the census
! bill.)
i Mr. PRESTON KING desired to be informed
by the Speaker whether this was not the day on
which the States weie called nj their order for
resolutions ?
The SPEAKER said, this was resolution day.
Mr. KING said he hoped the House would not
go into Committee of the Whole on the state of
the Union.
Several cries to order.
The SPEAKER said all remarks were out of
jl order.
ji The question on the motion of Mr. Th^ipsom
i was then taken, and the vote stood—ayes ©7,
noes 55.
't Mr. TUCK called for the yeas and nays, which
i( weie refused.
i1 So the motion was agreed to.
|j And thereupon the House resolved itself into
jj Committee of the Whole on the state of the Union,
|f (Mr. Thompson, of Mississippi, in the chair,)
jj and resumed the consideration of the bib providing
I] for the taking of the seventh census, &c.
II Mr. MOORE, of Pennsylvania, was entitled to
|! the floor. He said that when the subject was last
) under consideiation, and he had obtained the door,
I it was not his desiie that the committee should
j rise, as he intended to occupy their time and atten-
; tion but a few moments; and ftehng as he did now,
I the necessity of speedy action on the part of the
j House on the subject, and knowing the desire of
| a number of the members to speak upon it, he
j should still adhere to his original determination to
: say but a few words; and like his friend from
i Ohio, he did not intend to discuss the details or
i general merits of the bill, but should offer one or
, two suggestions as to the punciple involved in it.
j He thought he might safely say, without either
4 stretching or puckeimg the Constitution,"as his
: honorable friend fiom Ohio had observed, that
I there was not a subjcct embraced in this bill which
, was not a peifectly legitimate subject lor the action
of the Hou^e, and upon which they would be
fully justified in acting, and constitutionally sus-
tained in so doing. What was the object ol the
biil > Was it not to get information on a^l the sub-
jects embiaced it it? And they did not seek that in-
formation, as some of the honorable gentlemen
intimated, foi the purpose of gratifying an iulc
curiosity, but, if he undetstood the, object of a cen-
sus bill, it was, that, as a people we might know
our tiue position, as one among the nations of the
earth, and that, from the experience of the past,
