1850.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
837
they m.ghtget knowledge that would be of benefit
for the future. And there was no information sought
to l e acquired in the bill, which would not be of
some benefit to the country, and on the most of
subjects of the greatest advantange. He would
instance the information as to the number of citi-
zens in the country who were brought up in
entire ignorance, without the ability to read or
write their own names. This might not be inform-
ation of a very pleasant nature, but surely it
would be of a useful or instructive character, as it
might lead to the adoption of some means or
plan to remedy such an evil, or prevent such a
disgrace, as he considered it, to our country,
from being recorded in its future history And
so of every other subject embraced in the bill—
there could be information procured upon all of
them, that would be of advantage and benefit
Would it be of no benefit to him or his constit-
uents, as Pennsylvania's, to know the fact, if it
existed, that New Yoi k, New Jersey, or Virginia,
or any other State in the Union, was far ahead of
their own in all elements of prosperity, social
institutions, intellectual power, and everything
which constitutes a virtuous, happy, and pros-
perous community:1 Could not they, as PennsyI-
vanians, derive some benefit from this information ?
Might it not possibly induce them to inquire info,
and remedy the defects of their own systems or
State institutions? And if it should appear that
Pennsylvania had progressed more rapidly than
INew Jersey, Virginia, or any other Siate, in
wealth and prosperity, might not those States be
instructed by her history? And yet, some of the
honorable gentlemen objected to acquiring a large
portion of this information, because of the want
of constitutional power to get it! He did not mean
to advance, any aigument on this point, as his col-
league had so ably demonstrated the constitutional
right of Congress in this matter, that it would be
superfluous for him to attempt to add to that ar-
gument! He would, however, call the attention
of those gentlemen who made this objection, to
the act passed march 3d, 1849, establishing the
piesent census board, by whom the schedule an-
nexed to this bill was prcpaied. That actexpressly
says, that it shall be the duty of said board to
prepare proper forms arid schedules for collecting
information " as to mines, agriculture, commerce,
manufactwes, education, and other topicslimiting
their powers only as to the number of inquiries,
which should not exceed one hundred; and he
merely wished to know, and he would ask the
honorable gentleman from Texas, who had argued
eloquently against the constitutionality of our pro-
ceedings, whether the unconstitutionality consisted
in our proceedings under this act, or in the act
itself ?
Mr. HOWARD briefly explained the position
which he had assumed in his remarks on a former
day.
Mr. MOORE said he must be allowed to differ
entirely with the gentleman, as he not only con-
sidered the act constitutional, but also considered
it perfectly constitutional to get all the information
sought for in this bill under the provisions of that
act. But he did not intend, as he before said, to
discuss this portion of the subject, as he consid-
ered, if it was necessary to esiablish it, that it had
been alieady more ably done than he could do it.
Bat the honorable gentleman from Georgia, in the
remarks which he offered upon this subject, had
taken occasion to warn this committee, and all
who valued our glorious Union, to beware how
they used the power or influence of the Govern-
ment upon any subject oi for any purpose not
specifically known or acknowledged in the Consti-
tution !—virtually assuming the position, if he un-
derstood the gentleman, that this Government has
no right, no power, to institute any inquiiies to
ascertain its true position, its advancement in arts
and prosperity, and everything which constitutes
a great and prosperous nation.
Mr. STEPHENS interrupting, (and the floor
being yielded,) said, he wished to set thegentleman
righun one particular. He had notassumed the po-
sition the other day when he addressed the House,
that Congress could not exercise any power which
was not specifically granted. He had stated that
Congress could exercise no power which was not
expressly granted, or such as was necessary to
^ive effect to the powers that were thus granted.
He bad never professed to belong to the school
of strict constructionists of the Constitution. He
j thought some of thegreatest violators of the Con-
[ stitution had come from men of that particular
| school. But he (M r. S.) was for keeping the action
! of this Government rigidly within the sphere of the
. great and specific objects for which it was enacted.
| And no power should be exercised except for the
I accomplishment of the objects for which it was
! granted. When a power is not expressly granted,
! (such as that which is now demanded,) it must
j be shown to be necessary in carrying out one that
j is expressly granted. It has been claimed under
i the tax power. Now he admitted, that if the object
| was to lay a direct tax, it might be claimed as
! an incident to that power to get the information
I now sought, though we have had diiect tuxes
i several times without any such information. But
j his (Vlr. S's.) position was, that you cannot
i make distinct powers of such as were admitted to
! be puiely incidents of others. If you intend to pass
; a direct tax law, and deem this information neces-
I sary for the proper exercise of that power, you
J may not violate the Constitution in getting it. But
' he did not understand such to be the avowed ob-
ject of the bill; and, therefore, the power to get it
could not be legitimately claimed under that clause
of the Constitution. He (Mr. S.) said that he
would, if the gentleman from Pennsylvania would
allow him, call his attention to an authority of
high character, which" he happened to have before
him, upon this subject, it was Judge Story's
Commentaries upon theConstuution. rhatiearn-
ed man and eminent jurist as well as constitutional
expounder, says, in his rules for interpreting the
Constitution, that,
'•From the loregomg considerations we deduce the con-
clusiO' , that, a-, a irume or luiiditiueut.U hivvol government,
the Constitution of the United Elates is toieeeive a rcu-on-
able niierpietaiion of us language and it? poweis, keeping
in view the objccli and -purpose*Jor which tUose powers u.cre
conferred."
He read from Story on the Constitution, volume
1, pajje 404.
This (Mr. S. said) was the properrule, and the
one which he was endeavoring to enforce. When-
ever Congress undertook to exercise any power,
it must, or ought to be, to carry out the objects,
and views, and purposes for which it was con-
ferred; and it was an abuse of the power to resort
to it for any other purpose.
Again: on page 409, extending to page 410,
Judge Story says:
" On the other hand, a ruie of equal importance is, not to
enlarge fin: eo sirnction of a given power hinoml the lair
scope of its terms merely became die cousirui tion is? incon-
venient, impolitic, or even mischievous. It .t be mischiev-
ous5, the power of n-diewsiug the evil lies with tin; peojd'.;,
by an ex<jicise of the power of amendment. It they do nut
choose to apply the lemedy, it may tan!) be plumed that
the mi-chitf i> les* than vvti.it would arise from <s fuitlicr
extension of the powers : or, that it is the least of the two
eviK
" Nor should it ever be h st fight of, that the Government
of tne United -Stales is one ot limited and enumerated pow-
ers; and th it a dfp^rture fiom the tiue import and &eii-e of
it^ powers, is, pro (.onto, the eMabhshment ot anew constitu-
tion. It is doing lot the people what they have not cho^n
to tin for thern-elves. It 1- Usurping tnein eti ns or the
legislator, and deserting tho-se oi an expounder of the law.
Arguments drawn trom impolicy oi inconvenience, ought
lo b.- of no weight. Tne only s-ound principle is, to declare
<ita lex scriptu est,f to follow and to ob*>y. Nor if a princi-
ple so ju.-t and concluMve could be overlooked, could there
well be found a more unsafe guide in piactioe than mere
policy and convenience.'5
Now, he (said Mr. S.) believed that the only
ground upon which this measure was advocated
was the ground of policy and convenience—that
is, the information would be interesting to many
people in ilie country. It is admitted that no ex-
press grant of power exists for its obtainment; but
it is claimed to exist as an incident to the tax
power. But it is not pretended in argument that
there is any design to levy a tax; that, therelure,
not being the object of the bill, the puwer can
not be exercised under that clause of the Consti-
tution which authorizes Congress to lay taxes.
Mr. MOORE said, that lie trusted the gentle-
man from Georgia would take some other time to
present his views.
Mr. STEPHENS said the would not trespass
longer upon the time of thegentleman. He would
not have said as much as he had, if the gentleman
had not seemed to invite him to it. He would
now baiely add, that he should avail himself of
theeailiest opportunity he could under the rules
of the House, to give his views upon the subject
at length, and he should show, from the highest
authority, that no power could be rightfully exer-
cised under the Constitution except in pursuit
of the objects and purposes for which it was Con-
ferred.
Mr. MOORE would admit, that if the gentle-
man from Georgia had not, at the commencement
of his explanation, admitted that Congress could
exercise powers not specifically known or granted
in the Constitution, that then his quotations and
authorities would have much force; but as he has
admitted this power to exist in Congress, he (Mr.
M.) could not see why it should be asserted
that Congress had no constitutional right to get
all the information sought to be acquired in this
bill. Why, if a mercantile firm were about to
make a usual yearly examination of their affairs,
as they always do, to ascertain either their pros-
perity or ad versity, what would we think of a
partner in the concern, who should object to sue1!
examination, by saying that it was not specified in
the articles of copartnership, and therefore could
not be done ? And as well might it be said that a
firrt has no right to examine into its affairs, as to
say that this Government has no right or power to
get all the information askt d for in the schedule of
this bill! He would ask, for what purpose was
the Constitution of cur country ordained and es-
tablished ? Was it not, among other purposes, to
secure and promote the general welfare? And will
not the acqu isition of information upon all these
subjects, enable us to accomplish that very object ?
He could never helieve that a full and compre-
hensive knowledge of everything connected with
the social and moral, the intellectual and physical
condition of our country, would ever tend to
weaken or destroy our glorious Union; on the
contraiy, he believed it would strengthen and ce-
iWnt it more firmly than ever; and not until he
should see the Government refusing or fearing !o
examine into everything connected with its exist-
ence as a nation, would he believe there was any
danger to be apprehended ot a dissolution of the
Republic.
He most truly regretted to find members of that
House, for whom they could not but entertain the
liveliest admiration and respect, both for ^services
to their country in former years upon that floor,
and their great intellectual ability and strength,
who appealed to be unable to address that House
upon an y subject,'without feeling it to be their
duty to sound the warning note of a dissolution
of the Union! And while he regretted this, he
must be allowed to say he would not believe "that
any circumstances would arise, either in connec-
tion with this or any other subject, which would
bring about the realization of their gloomy fore-
bodings. He believed they would yet transmit
unimpaired to posterity the glorious structure up-
reared by their fathers, and cemented by the blood
of its founders; and least of all would he believe
any danger was to be apprehended to it, from any
action of that House, which had for its purpose
or object the acquiringof the most general inform-
ation upon all the subjects embraced in this bill.
And he had only further to say, that in giving
his vote upon this bill, he should, and he hoped
every friend of the Union upon that floor would,
give his vote for the most thorough investigation
into everything connected with the social and
moral, intellectual and physical condition of our
whole country.
Mr. KAUFMAN. A bill has been reported
by a majority ot the Committee on the Judiciary
of this Iiouse for the taking of the seventh census,
and a substitute for that bill has been repoited by
a minority of the same committee. The bill
which has been reported by the majority of the
committee proposes not only to take an enumera-
tion of the inhabitants of the United States, as is
required by the Constitution to be done every ten
years, but also to inquiie into various other mat-
ters havm; no relevancy to the subject of the
census, arid not enjoined by the provisions of the
I Constitution. 1, sir, for one, shall vote for the
I substitute that has been proposed on the part of
the minority of the committee, by the gentleman
from Ohio, [Mr. Miller;] and in doing so 1 go
as far as tne Constitution of the United States
enjoins upon me to go, and when I have gone as
far as- those injunctions extend, I feel that my
duty will have been performed. If 1 go further,
1 interfere with powers not delegated to this body
by that instrument; and it is always safer to keep
within the powers prescribed by the Constitution,
than to go beyond them, for when we go beyond
we tread upon dangerous and forbidden ground.
