THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
Sept.
*tion in th« same behalf contained in th* act making appro-
priations for the civil and diplomatic expenses of the Gov-
ernment, approved March 3d, 1847, $1,941 80, which, if
received, shrill be in Pull for all services, official and unoffi-
cial, contemplated by the said appropriation." ^
I will not press the Senate in favor of this ap-
propriation* although I am in favor of it. The
honorable.Senator from New Jersey will probably
state what it is. 1 believe there was a miscon-
struction of the law. in regard to this case by the
Auditor. The present Auditor, I understand, is
fully satisfied that the claim ought to be allowed.
It has, like the other amendments I have offered,
the sanction of the Committees on Foreign Rela-
tions of both Houses, and I cannot doubt that,
under the circumstances the Senate will agree to
this amendment.
* Mr. DAYTON". Thi3 amendment is manifestly
right. It is not to make a new appropriation, but
to correct a misapprehension or misapplication of
an old one. lit was originated under the phrase-
ology of a former appropriation, according to
which the Comptroller at that time did not feel
himself authorized to pay the amount. I hold in
my hand the'original appropriation, and the Sen-
ate will see how the Comptroller technically con-
strued it:
" And nlso to make up the -difference between the salary
of sa;ii secretary and that of a charge d'affaires, during the
time the «aid secretary has acted as charg6 d'affaires, three
thou-aud dollars, or so much thereof as may be neces?ary
f<>r that purpose; the eonippi"Hauon herein allowed to b<j in
full for the services of The said secretary, a< acting charge
d'affaires of the United States in China, down to the arrival
of A. H. Everett at Canton, and for all other public services
rendfred at any previous peuod to the Government of the
United .States, or to any officer, agent, or citizen thereof, in
the capacity of interpreter, translator, or otherwise."
The phraseology of this amendment is such
that, as every one can see, the Comptroller might
limit the appropriation to the payment of the differ-
ence between the salary as secretary and as charge.
When it was presented to the Comptroller, he said
he did not know that he could pay any more than
this difference, under a strict construction of the
language. Although Congress had appropriated
three thousand dollars for the services of this gen-
tleman as translator and interpreter, the Comp-
troller refused to make any application of the
money for these previo .s services at all. He cut
off nearly two thousand dollars of that appropria-
tion, and tha money is now in the Treasury. The
present amendment is merely designed to correct
the misapprehension of the Comptroller in regard
to the meaning of Congress. It was clearly their
intention to give the $2,000 for the services he per-
formed as translator and interpreter, and likewise
to pay the difference between the salary as secre-
tary and charge.
The amendment was adopted.
Mr. FOOTE. I offer the following amendment:
« F>>r compensation to Theodore S. Fay, secretary of le-
gation to Prussia, for his services as acting cliarg6 d'affaires
at'that Government, $1,701 40, which shall be m full pay-
ment of his claims for all such services.-"
This also has been sanctioned by the Commit-
tee on Foreign Affairs of each House; and I un-
derstand from the chairman of that committee of
the other House that the sanction which that com-
mittee afforded it was based upon the recommend-
ation of the department, which I have not seen.
1 cannot myself doubt the propriety of the appro-
priation. I therefore recommend it.
Mr. RUSK. This is merely a private claim
againstthe Government. If we are going to allow
these private claims in this appropriation bill,
there are more than two hundred private bills on
the table which have received the sanction of a
committee, and
Mr. FOOTE. This is the civil and diplomatic
bill, and all these amendments of mine simply em-
brace sums of money which it is proprosed to ap-
propriate for the purpose of paying the diplomatic
expenses of the Government; in other words, for
recompensing for diplomatic services already per-
formed, and for which the parties, in my judgment,
are entitled to remuneration. This amendment
strictly and properly belongs to this bill. This is
the proper bill for it. And it has been subjected
to full investigation and close scrutiny in both
Houses of Congress. I have never known a case
before where amendments were rejected having
such solemn sanctions.
Mr. RUSK. The fact that this is. a private
claim is not changed or altered by the fact that it
is a claim arising out of the performance of dip-
lomatic services. It is, nevertheless, a private
claim. The object of thts appropriation bill is to
furnish what existing laws require. If we go to
work to put on diplomatic claims, the result will
be that the hill cannot get through. It is not fair
to give these diplomatic claims an advantage over
other claims. We should exclude all private
claims from this bill.
Mr. FOOTE. I shall not say anything in re-
ply to the honorable Senator from Texas. But
perhaps the honorable Senator from Massachu-
setts, who knows something: of this matter, may
wish to say something in relation to it.
Mr. WFNTHROP. I feel bound to say a few
words with regard to this matter, as I believe this
to be a very just claim. Mr. Fay was appointed
secretary of legation to Prussia as long ago as the
adminisiration of Mr. Van Ruren. Iam not quite
sure that he was not appointed by General Jack-
son. He is a gentleman of high literary character
and great accomplishments. He is not one of my
political friends. His claims would more prop-
erly belong to the charge and care of Senators on
the other side of the Chamber. I believe he has
been in the diplomatic service of the country lon-
ger than any man now in it. He was secretary
of legation to Mr. Wheaton, who was for a
long time at Berlin. Mr. Wheaton was very often
absent from his post, when he left Mr. Fay to
perform the duties of charge d'affaires. I am in-
clined to think that he has performed the duties of
charge d'affaires in the absence of his minister
more frequently and for a longer time than any
other secretary of legation in the service. He has
received no promotion. He has been simply sec-
letary of legation from first to last. Under every
minister, from the first under whom he served,
down to Mr. Barnard, of New York, who I have
been glad to see appointed minister to Russia
within the last month, he has been still secretary
of legation at a salary of only $2,000 a year.
Now, this is no stale claim. The honorable
Senator from Texas must bear in mind that this
gentleman is still in office, and this is a charge for
services recently rendered. Hence it is entirely
appropriate to insert this provision in the bill re-
lating to the civil and diplomaticexpenses of the
Government. I have myself carried through the
other branch of Congress a provision for a late
secretary of legation at Par.is, who acted as charge
d'affaires during the absr.nce of the honorable Sen-
ator from Michigan, [Mr. Cass,] as an amend-
ment to the general appropriation bill, under pre-
cisely the same circumstances. I hope the amend-
ment will be adopted.
Mr. DICKINSON. The Senator from Massa-
chusetts speaks of the worth, the literary qualifica-
tions, and "the politics of this gentleman, in all of
which I concur. But it seems to me that this is a
private claim, after all. The civil and diplomatic
appropriation bill is for the ordinary expenses of
the- Government; it is to appropriate money for
objects authorized by treaty and hy law. And it
is the duty of the Committee on Ftnance to keep
it as near to that as can be, not only because that
is the province of the bill, but the object is to get it
through. It is one of those things which must go
through or the Government cannot get along.
Therefore it is necessary to keep it clear of all
these controverted subjects, however meritorious,
or the bill may fail by a disagreement between the
Houses. I hope theamendmentwill be voted down.
Mr. HALE. Such appropriations are wrong,
totally wrong, radically wrong, entirely wrong;
and no reports of committees can make them
right. It is a most dangerous precedent to allow
your secretaries to convert themselves into minis-
ters or charges in the absence of the superior min-
ister. For that reason I vote against such appro-
priations.
Mr. BRIGHT. If this claim is just, why has
it lain so long? I understand the Senator from
Massachusetts to say that it dates back to the ad-
ministration of Mr. Van Buren.
Mr. W1NTHROP. Oh, no. I said that this
gentleman had been in this position since the ad-
ministration of Mr. Van Buren.
Mr. BRIGHT. When were these services ren-
dered?
Mr. FOOTE. From the 18th of July, 1348, to
the 14th of January, 1849. So the claim is rather
recent.
Mr. BRIGHT. I understand that the existing
lawsnamehow many ministers, charges,and secre-
taries of legation we havej and that whenever these
officers are not in their places, and their duties arfe
performed by subordinate officers, the existing
law provides how this service shall be paid for. I
believe I am correct in this;. If I am, it needs no
legislation on the part of Congress to authorize the
Secretary of Slate to pay those subordinate officers
who perform the duties of superior officers. So
that this claim is a private one, and should be pre*
sented as such, and should be acted upon as such.
It is one which ought not to be attached to the
general appropriation bill.
Mr. KING. My friend from Indiana is not en*
tirely correct in the opinion he has expressed that
these claims can be allowed and paid at the de-
partment. The ministers of our country frequently
leave their posts, sometimes for months, during
the Summer, when the courts of the monarchs^are
not held at the capital. The monarch generally
travels during the Summer months to various
points. During that period it is usual for the
minister to leave his post for a change of air, or
that he may amuse himself, as he may think
proper, there being nothing for him to do. But
there is no instance in which a secretary of lega-
tion is paid as a charge d'affaires in consequence of
such temporary absence of tha minister. In every
instance of late years, where a minister resigns and
comes home, or is recalled, and the secretary of
legation is left to discharge the duties of charg€,
and he is introduced as such to the foreign office*
Congress considers that he is obliged to live at an
additional expense, and that he is therefore enti-
tled to some additional compensation; and they
have passed particular laws giving to the secretary
of legation that ha3 discharged the duties of charge-
the compensation of a charge^ But it is upon an
actual statement that the minister left at such a
time, and that he was presented to the foreign office
as charge at that time, and that he continued to
discharge the duties of a charge until the minister-
returned or another was substituted in his place.
Then we know what we are voting for
But as regards this gentleman's claim, I do not
know that there is anything specific. When Mr.
Wheaton was at Berlin, he frequently came to
Paris, where his family resided. He was absent
from Berlin I know. But this individual was not
entitled to receive the pay of a charge for that
time. My friend from Michigan [Mr. Cass] well
knows that in the excursion he made, he had'to
leave his secretary as charge; but that gentleman
received no compensation as such during that
period. He was paid as charge after the Senator
returned to the United States, and before 1 went on
to Paris, but only for that time. Mr. Donelson
succeeded Mr. Wheaton. I do not know that any
time expired between Mr. Wheaton letiring and.
Mr. Donelson assuming the post. 1 believe Mr.
Wheaton remained until Mr. Donelson took his
place. It is true that Mr. Donelson was partly
transferred to Frankfort. He had his duties to
perform, both at Beilm and Frankfort.
Mr. Hannegan succeeded Mr. Donelson. But
| 1 believe Mr. Donelson continued to discharge the
| duties of minister until Mr. Hannegan arrived.
| Therefore, the only claim which this gentleman
I can have for acting as charge must have aiisen
\ from the fact that he has discharged the duties of
i charge since Mr. Hannegan has returned, and will
j continue to discharge those duties until Mr. Bar-
1 nard arrives. This time cannot yet be calculated
' accurately. That is the situation in which this
matter stands.
, Mr. FOOTE. Gentlemen say this is a private
! claim. It is certainly a claim in behalf of an indi-
1 vidua! who may, perhaps, be now in private life.
] Bat it is a claim for recompense for public service
I actually rendered, of the rendition of which we
| have the highest evidence—evidence from the De-
! partment of State. I cannot understand how it is
; that one person acting as chargS, who may have
been presented at a particular time, should be rec-
ompensed, while another individual who acted in
that capacity, of which we have testimony, should
not be recompensed. I know the general law does
not authorize the payment of this recompense; but
the services have been rendered, and the question
is, will you-requite those who rendered them? I
believe there are many precedents for this case.
The amendment was rejected.
. Mr. FOOTE. I offer the following amendment:
« For the full pajm^nt of the claim of Robert M. Walsh,
secretary of lega inn to Mexico, for liis services as acting
charge d'affaires, §1,673,"
