838
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
April 29,
Thegentleman from Pennsylvania, [Mr. Moore,]
who has just taken bis seat, refers gentlemen who
object to the constitutionality of the bill which has
been reported by the majority of the committee, to
a law of the last session of Congress, an extract
from which he read. Sir, it is the first time that
I have ever heard gentlemen referred to a law of
Congress for the purpose of showing the constitu-
tionality of a measure. If such be a criterion,
every law upon the statute book must be pro-
nounced constitutional. It would make the Alien
and Sedition laws constitutional; it would make a
United States Bank constitutional; it would make
a protective tariff constitutional; it would make a
law for the distribution of the proceeds of the
public lands constitutional; in relation to all of
which, 1 believe, the idea of constitutionality has
been pretty effectually exploded.
But the gentleman, to get the power claimed
by a majority of the committee, alludes to the
preamble of the Constitution, which speaks of the
general welfare. Sir, the doctrine of "the general
welfare" had been, I thought, long since explo-
ded. The preamble of the Constitution certainly
cannot be quoted to justify the exercise of a spe-
cific power under the provisions of the Constitu-
tion. A census is to be taken every ten years for
the purpose of ascertaining the ratio of represent-
ation on this floor. That is the intent of the
provision. It is a specific command of the Consti-
tution of the United States, that a census, or enu-
meration of the inhabitants, shall be taken every
ten years. Why, then, go beyond the enumera-
tion of the inhabitants? Another gentleman from
Pennsylvania [Mr. Strong] says, that we have
authority to go beyond it, because Congress Jus
the right to levy a direct tax upon the people of
the United States. But that is not the object of
this bill. I know, as has been said by the gen-
tleman from Geoigia, that Congress possesses the
power to lay a direct tax, and that Congress alao
possesses all the power necessary to carry into ef-
fect that provision of the Constitution; but, sir, is
it in the contemplation of any member of this
House«to lay a direct tax ? If it is not, then it is
not necessary, proper, or constitutional, to pass
this bill in the form which it has been reported by
a majority of the committee;-because the power
attempted to be exercised is but an implied power,
connected with levying a tax, and not necessary
for carrying into effect the power expressly dele-
gated by the Constitution, in regard to the census,
which we now propose to exercise.
It may he wolf, Mr Chairman, to look into (he
past ptnctirp of the Government, to see what was
the character of the first census bill that passed the
Congress of the United States, and the course taken I
by the members of the first Congress, many of j
whom had assisted in the formation of the Con- |
stitution. The word census is not used in the bill,
either m the caption or any portion of it; but it is
cuffed, "a bill pioviding for the enumeration of'
the inhabitants of the United States." It is con-
fined strictly to the provision of the Constitution,
and that precedent has been followed almost uni-
formly in the passage of every census bill from
that day to this. The word ''census," m its
original signification, includes prope) (y as well as
peisons; although, as used in the Constitution, it
applies exclusively to "persons." There have
been but one or two exceptions. In 1800 it was
a bill which applied only to the enumeration of
the inhabitants. In 1810, also, it applied sim-
ply to an enumeration of the inhabitants of the
United States, because that was all that was requi-
site for carrying into effect the provisions of the
Constitution, and ro ascertain the numbers entitled
to representation on this floor.
It is true, that the bill for taking the census in
1820, diffeied somewhat from the former practice
of the Government. That bill provided for ob-
taining certain agricultural, commercial, and man-
ufacturing statistics. It is known that at that time
there was a great rage for a tariff; a tariff which
should afford protection to our domestic manu-
factures.
Mr. BUTLER, of Pennsylvania, (the floor I
having been yielded temporarily,) said: I under-:
stand that the third census bill provided, not only !
for an enumeration of the inhabitants, but also !
for obtaining statistical information of all the man- I
nfUctures of the country. The gentleman from 1
Texas, L believe, states that that bill was only for !
an enumeration of inhabitants. i
Mr. KAUFMAN. According to my recol-
lection the bill of 1820 was the first that provi-
ded for collecting statistics upon the agriculture,
commerce, and manufactures of the country; and
those provisions were inserted in the bill in
consequence of a desire on the .part of the peo-
ple of the United States, after the close of the
last war, to provide for the protection of the then
infant manufactures of the country. But in 1830,
the census bill, in conformity to the Constitution,
provided only for an enumeration of the inhabit-
ants. It is true, in 1840, a very wide departure was
made from the former practice in relation to these
bills. Inquiries were then made into the extent of
the productions of the whole country, and it is a
singular fact, that, upon consulting the Cottgres-
sio>ticil Globe for that year, I have not been able to
find any debate at all in regard to a measure
which, in my humble opinion, was in violation of
the very letter, as it most certainly was of the
spirit, of the Constitution. But, sir, when this cen-
sus bill was passed in 1840—when this violation of
the former practice of Congress was made, it was
at a time when the people of the United States,
the politicians of the country, and particularly those
in Congress, were more engrossed with President
making than anything else, and perhaps, therefore,
the rrieasure may be the more excusable.
The bill of the majority proposes, m one of its
schedules, to obtain a report of the diseases of
which persons have died; and it provides that,
where survivors will not report the diseases of
which their relatives died, they shall be mulcted in
a fine of thirty dollars, one half of which shall go
to the informer. Sir, I have no doubt that many
persons die of diseases concerning which their re-
latives will give no information, though you should
send out persons to interrogate them, armed with
all the terrors of the law. And, sir, what legis-
lation is to be based upon the report of these
diseases of which the people have died ? What is
the purpose of procunng such report? Another
provision requires, that the names of the different
religious denominations, and the number of mem-
bers belonging to each, shall be ascertained.
Mr. THOMPSON, of Pennsylvania, having
obtained permission to interrupt the gentleman a
moment, remarked, that the object contemplated
by reporting the diseases of which persons had
died, was, that healthy and unhealthy locations
might be ascertained, in order to guide the action
of the Government when making appropriations
for dock-yards, forts, and other public woiks, and
fur deciding upon their locations.
Mr. KAUFMAN. 1 am willing to admit, sir,
that some advantage might arise from theinfoima-
tion which the gentleman pioposes to obtain, al-
though this information could be otheiwise moie
cheaply and correctly obtained; but there are
a thousand things, information upon which would
be of advantage to the country, which we, nev-
ertheless, have no constitutional power to enter ;
upon in any provisions to be inserted in a cen- '
sus bill. There are thousands of things of this
| description; the only question is, whether or
| not the information is necessary to tarry into effect
any of the powers delegated to Congress by the
Constitution; whether, in the first place, the ob-
taining of the informaiion is a power that is del-
egated by the Constitution and in the r.ext
place, if it is not a delegated power, whether it is
proper or necessary to carry into effect any power
of that descnption. Now, sir, I consider it is
neither necessary nor proper to make these in-
quiries—especially to make an enumeration of
the members of the various religious denomi-
nations. Sir, I ask what advantage is to be
derived from it ? I ask what kind of legisla-
tion is to be based upon it? What legislation
under the Constitution of this country "can be
based upon statistical information regarding re-
ligious denominations, or the number of members
that belong to the different religious sects or de-
nominations of Christians into which the people
of tins country are divided ? We have no n^ht '
to legislate upon the subject of religion, and cer- !
tamly we can base no legislation upon the inform-
ation proposed to be obtained in reference to this
subject. 1 hold that this schedule is a violation
of the Constitution, for we have no rightto collect
statistics in regard to religion. Sir, I look upon
it as a dangerous proposition, that we should enter
upon an inquiry of this sort. Are we willing to
give an opportunity for an advantage to be taken ;
[ by a denomination which chances to be the strong-
est, to exercise a political influence? We might
; give rise to a power which would prove dangerous
, to the Government, and inconsistent with human
; liberty. I believe, Mr. Chairman, that an enu-
I meration of the different religious sects of the
United States would be as great a sin against the
Constitution as the numbering, by David, 06 " the
valiant men of Israel that drew the sword," was
in the sight of the Almighty. Sir, whether we
adopt the other portions of the bill or not, 1 hope,
at least, that we will reject that portion which pro-
vides for the enumeration of the church militant.
Mr. HOUSTON (permission being granted him
to ask a question) said: I understand the gentle-
man to allude to the prohibition enjoined upon
the Jews against taking an enumeration of the
people. I have no doubt the gentleman is very
well read in biblical history; 1 would ask him why
that particular prohibition was imposed ?
Mr. KAUFMAN. I hope the gentleman will
take the trouble to inform himself.
This bill proposes to take an account of all
the property in the United States. Now, it is
population and not propetty, except slave properly,
that is the basis of taxation and representation
under the Constitution of the United State?. There
is no other portion of the property of the United
States that enters into the basis of representation.
Direct taxation, when imposed by the Uniied
States, is laid in the different States in proportion
to the number of the population, and not in pio-
portion to the amount of property. One State
may have a hundred times as much property as
another, and yet, if it have no more population, it
will be entitled only to the same representation,
and subject only to the same amount of taxation.
How, then, are we to justify the expenditure of
half a million of dollars by this Government at
a time, too, when the country is in debt—for a
purpose that is wholly unnecessary? It appears
from the calculation made by the gentleman from
Ohio, that the difference of expense to be in-
curred under the bill leported by the committee,
and the substitute, would be more than half a mil-
lion of dollars. I cannot vouch for the correct-
ness of the estimate, for I have not made any cal-
culation myself.
Mr. THOMPSON, of Pennsylvania. I must
s^y that to me it appears that the statement made
by the gentleman from Ohio, gives no sanction
whatever to any such conclusion as the o-entleman
has arrived at. It affords no vindication for it.
It becomes perfectly futile, then, to attempt to base
any such conclusion upon it. The statistics in
1840 cost $103,953; suppose, then, the increase of
population since that time to be five millions of
inhabitants—giving the increase the largest possi-
ble allowance for agriculturists and manufactures,
the cost cannot, according to the piovisions of
your bill, exceed $170,000. I will venture to say
that no estimate that can be made will show a
result such as the genilemon has stated.
Mr. KAUFMAN. 1 have not, as I said, made
; any calculation, but it seems to me that the
expense of collecting the information that is here
proposed to be collected, will certainly be double
that of taking the simple enumeration of the in-
habitants. Four or five questions and the answers
to them, are all that will be necessary for the
purpose of taking an enumeration of the inhabit-
ants; yet the bill provides for fifty or sixty ques-
tions with their answers. ]s it not reasonable,
then, to conclude that the expense will be at
least double? And if so, it will amount to mote
than half a million of dollars. I believe that the
calculation'of the gentleman from Ohm is strictly
correct, and that the expense will be double, when
we take into consideration the additions! questions
it is proposed to ask by the bill, reported by the
chairman of the committee, to those proposed m
the bill that is ofieied as a substitute by the gen-
tleman from Ohio. I have great confidence, how-
eve*, in the gentleman from Pennsylvania.
Mr. THOMPSON. I am much obliged to the
gentleman, but I would like to suggest—because in
that way perhaps we shall arrive at more accurate
results upon the question under consideration—■
all tnat the census taker is entitled to receive for
each set of inquiries on the subject of agriculture
is ten cents for each farm, and the compensation
for the inquiries pertaining to manufactures is but
fifteen cents m the case of each manufacturing es-
tablishment. How many such establishments are
