1850.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
:1#9
there in the United States? When the gentleman
procures the number, he will then have a basis of
calculation. I do not care what number he may-
choose to assume, provided he does not take a
number that will shock ail rational mindsK which I
know he will not do. Let the gentleman lake, as
I have done, what approaches as nearly as possiole
to the actual number of agricultural and manufac-
turing establishments in the United States. My
calculation is based upon the supposition that there
are about one million two hundred thousand per-
sons engaged in agricultural, and about seven
hundred thousand in manufacturing operations.
Taking these numbers as a basis, and estimating
the number of establishments of each kind exist-
ing in whieh this number of operatives are en-
gaged, the expense will not exceed one hundred
and twenty-three or one hundred and twenty-
four thousand dollars. And in regard to the social
statistics, for which there is to be allowed two
percent, upon the amount, allowed for the enumera-
tion of the population—this whole branch of
the expense will not exceed $4,40Q, estimating
the entire population at twenty-two millions, it
is a mere chimera to suppose that it will amount
to anything like what the gentleman has stated.
Mr. KAUFMAN. Suffice it for me, that the
additional expense will be very considerable. The
precise amount, of course, I cannot determine.
But ( wish to ask the chairman of the committee
one question, and it is, what will be the cost of
printing the seven hundred reams of forms already
executed by order of the Census Board?
Mr. THOMPSON. I believe I can answer the
gentleman, and I am rather indebted to good luck
than to a good memory, m being able to do so.
The contract made by the Census Board for print-
ing the schedule, was, that the paper should be
furnished at six dollars a ream; it was to be paper
of an excellent quality, manufactured by hand.
Jt was agreed to be printed for three dollars a
ream, which, added to the cost of the paper, will
snake the whole expense per ream nine dollars.
There is, perhaps, some dispute as to whether ir,
should be nine or ten dollars; it can in no event
exceed ten dollars, so that the gentleman can easily
compute the amount.
Mr. KAUFMAN. I will remark, that the ac-
tion of the Census Board, in causing seven hun-
dred reams of forms to be printed, is, I conceive,
a violation of the law upon the subject. Here is
a bill from the Senate, and it has been reported
upon by a committee of this House, and a substi-
tute for it has also been reported, and by neither
the bill nor the substitute are the forms printed by
the Census Board sanctioned. This must, there-
fore, become a perfect loss to the Government.
That Board was constituted, as I understand, mere-
ly for the purpose of preparing forms to be acted
"upon by Congress. Therefore, the argument that
money has been expended in the printing of these
forms is of little or no value, because the bill
passed by the Senate does not conform to these
schedules, and this paperand printing must, there-
fore, be lost to the Government. I wish Con-
gress to come back to the old line from which
it has departed, in regard to this matter. I wish
to come back to the language of the Constitution
on the subject—to an enumeration of the inhab-
itants of the country, upon which enumeration
representation is to be based. By taking this
course, and not otherwise, we shall he able to
get the bill passed in time for the enumeration ■
to be made within the time prescribed; and we
shall not take from the Treasury, at a time
when the country is involved m debt, a large
sum of money, to be expended for no useful
purpose, if we do not take this course, I believe
it will be impossible to complete the work of
taking the census of the United States within
the time prescribed for that purpose. It will
be impossible to get through the numerous ques-
tions contained in the schedules attached to the bill
reported by the majority of the committee. But
gentiemen say, it may perhaps be necessary, in
a few years, to lay a direct tax; and that, there-
fore, we ought to collect this information now, so
that it may be ready for use at any future time.
Now, that argument will not do. Suppose that it
should become necessary, seven or nine years
hence, to levy a direct tax, will the census taken in
1850 answer as the basis of a tax to be levied in
1857 or 1859 ? No, sir. What will be the condi-
tion of California at the end of seven years ? What
has been the change of her condition within
the last two years? What has been the change
in regard to the number of her inhabitants, and
what is the difference between her resources two
years ago, and her resources now r What will^be
the difference in her resources nine years hence,
and the present time ? Sir, I believe there is scarce-
ly a man m this House who supposes there will
be any necessity for resorting to diiect taxation.
There is no one who wishes it. The people of the
North are able to control the action of Congress.
It is very well known that they derive greater
benefits by the tariff* system than they could by
direct taxation upon the people of the South.
Mr. CARTTER (the floor being yielded for a
question) i?h.id he would inquire of the gentleman
whether, in his opinion, Congress had not the
power to make inquiry m regard to the various
subjects comprehended in the bill, provided it were
with a view to direct taxation?
Mr. KAUFMAN. 1 have no doubt, if we had
before us a bill for imposing a direct tax—if it
were the policy of the country—or if the exigen-
cies of the times compelled a lesort to a system of
direct taxation, we would have a right to inquire
into the amount of propeityheld by individuals
m different States of the Union. But we are not
engaged in a bill of that character. When the
emeigency arises, it will be time enough to exam-
ine into that matter, and not when we have a bill
under consideration which has not the most re-
mote connection with that subject.
Mr. CAR ITER. Has the honorable gentle-
man from Texas any assurance that we shall not
be called upon to levy that sort of tax before the
expiration of the next five years—pethaps before
the close of the present Administration?
Mr. KAUFMAN. I am not able to foretell
what inay happen; but] do hope that every friend
of a strict construction of the Constitution, whether
he be of the North or of the South—whether he
represent the eastern or the western portion of
this country, will vote for the substitute that has
been offered by the gentleman from Ohio. The
gentleman from Pennsylvania has remarked, that
lie would not like to see this become a sectional
question. Sir, I do not see anything m it that is
calculated to give it a sect.io.nal tendency. It is
merely a question as regards a strict construction
of the Constitution; and, sir, so long as this body
adheres to a strict constiuction of the Constitution,
there will be no danger, to this Government that
need be apprehended. 1 beheve we are departing
from the principle of strict construction every
day; I believe tnere is no party that has not de-
parted from it, more or less; yet I beheve a strict
and rigid construction should be always adhered
to, and that a departure from it should be tolerated
under no pretext whatever. Whether it be with
a view the more leadily to carry into effect a direct
power, or for any other purpose whatever, 1 be-
lieve that the adherence to a strict construction of
the Constitution is the only course that will per-
petuate this Union.
Although the information here proposed to be
obtained might be of some advantage, yet it can
be best obtained by the £iate authorities, and ob-
tained, too, much more fully and satisfactorily
than it can be by your census takers. They have
State assessments every year; they have time to
do their work; they are in no hurry; they have no
constitutional provision hanging over them, de-
claring that it must be done within the year.
Mr. CLARKE. Will the gentleman allow me
to interrupt him for a moment?
Mr. KAUFMAN- I will yield the floor, sir.
i have said about all 1 intended to say.
Mr. CLARKE rose and said:
Mr. Chairman: When the learned chairman on
the Judiciary introduced this bili, with a variety
of prefatory remarks, giving the meaning and
force of the term census, and a history of the
various censuses that had been taken, and the
learned men who had been engaged in that work,
it occurred to me that he was rather illustrating
his own learning than doing a thing useful for the
House; but the gentleman, it is clear, better under-
stood the objections that would be urged to his bill
than I. It was riot, it seems, unnecessary to
show that the term census meant semethiog more
than the enumeration of inhabitants, and that it
had been deemed necessary by wise Governments
to employ men of great learning and capacity to
take these censuses.
The gentleman fj-om Ohio (Mr. Miller] has
made a report, in which he proposes merely to
enumerate the inhabitants of the United States—
in common parlance, merely to count ijoees^—and
this is the full extent that his constitutional scru-
ples will permit him to go; while the chairman-of
the committee, in my estimation, in better teste
and judgment, with more scope and range to his
philosophy and statesmanship, proposes that the
census shall take a far more extended field. The
census, as proposed to be taken, embraces a great
variety of statistical information, needful, useful,
indispensable, in my estimation, to correct legisla-
tion. Our power to collect this information is
denied; its utility when gathered impugned; and
its accuracy when collected questioned in advance.
There is force enough in the term census to em-
brace all the subjects which are included in the
tables of the bill, which \ favor, and many more.
Iam content with the bill as it is, as being the
best that we are able to obtain; but were I to frame
one, it should be far more extensive and minute.
And the constitutional power to take it is the
necessary result of powers clearly granted. We
have, for instance, the power to create a navy.
Does this not imply the power to ascertain wheth-
er we have the pine trees for spars, the live-oak
for timber, and the herr^p for cordage, or the land
that, by proper care, will produce these materials
essential to create a navy ? The power to create
and mantain a navy implies the power to ascer-
tain the number of mariners in the United States;
and this at once proves that you may inquire into
the trades and occupations of our citizens.
It is objected that we have no power and no
right to inquire into the number of schools and
seminaries of learning, or the number of those
who have, and of those who have not, the common
rudiments of learning. One of the express pro-
visions of the Constitution is, that, we have the
power to promote science^ and under that clause
we set aside large tracts of land for the establish-
ment of schools. Have we not a right to inquire
whether our bounty has been usefully and cor-
rectly employed? But it is said we have no right to
inquire into the number of churches and meeting-
houses, and into the number of members belong-
ing to each sect. Some religious sects have con-
scientious scruples about bearing arms; is it not of
some irnpoitance to know how numerous this sect
may be. This is a Christian community. The
Christian religion is a part of the common law;
m other words, the common sense, sentiment,
taste, and feeling of community. And though,
out of a sedulous desire to have nothing sectarian
in our system, no great parade is made of the
religion of the nation; it is in vain to disguise it,
that the Christian religion is the corner-stone on
which our political edifice is placed, Wc open our
sessions daily with religious exercises; we solem-
nize our funerals under the orders of this House with
religious ceremonies; we have a chaplain; every
national ship has its chaplain; every regiment has
its chaplain; your soldiers and your sailors form
part of our religious community, and should
belong, and do generally belong to borne religious
sect or denomination.
Is it not of some importance to know what sect
predominates—what proportion these sects bear to
each other—merely to enable us to select our
chaplains humanely, equitably, justly ? Is it not
desirable to know how many consider the seventh
the day of rest, and'how many do not contribute to
the number of our warriors r We claim that ours
is a free land, the asylum of the oppressed of all
nations. With me this is not an empty boasj. I
consider the fiee white laboring man immeasurably
the most valuable importation we make; and lam
willing in the most authentic form to apprise the
people of all the world of the religion of the
country, its sects, and its churches, and their
localities, for religious consolation is looked for by
the emigrant as well as those that are merely sens-
ual. The school house and the church admonish
all where preparation for the duties of time and
eternity are made therein. We have a light to
borrow money. Everybody knows that the
facility of borrowing has mightily increased, and
that the rate of interest decreased, by the perfect
ability to pay. When Massachusetts wanted to
raise money m Europe for the construction of her
western railroad, she sent her agent with the as-
sessed value of the State of Massachusetts in his
hand; that exhibition of wealth enabled her to nc-
