18*0*
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
i ii
Here is a letter of the Secretary of State, which
I will read!
Department of State,
Washington, Jim;ttst 8, 1850.
Sir: In reply to your letter of the 7th instant, respecting
the claim for compensation preferred by Mr. Robert M.
Wal-b, secretary of legation to Mexico* lor service* as
eh  rg6 d'affaires near the Government of th tt Republic, I
have the honor to inform you that Mr. WaNh acted in that
capacity from the 1st November, 184??, to the 1st February,
1849, ami from the 6th September, 1849, to the 7th Fcbiu-
ary, 1850. There is no general law to Warrant such an al-
lowance, but there are numerous precedents where the dif-
ference of compensation between tbe salary of a secretary
of legation and charge d'affaires has been allowed in such
case*.
I have the honor to be, sir, very respectfully, your obedient
servant, DAN'L VVEBSTEll.
Hon. JottN A. McClernaKd,
Chairman of the Committee on Foreign Jljfairs,
House of Keyrcsxitatives.
Mr. DAWSON. This letter is directed to a
gentleman of the House of Representatives. Why,
then, was not the matter presented there?
Mr. FOOTE. Owing to the stringency of the
rules of that House, it could not be presented
there. The chairman of the House Committee on
Foreign Affairs brought the matter to our commit-
tee, and we sanctioned the appropriation. It
seems to me that when appropriations have re-
ceived the sanction of the Secretary of State, and
of the Committee on Foreign Affairs of both
Houses, it is dealing very illiberally and ungener-
ously to reject them in the sweeping manner the
Senate have done to day. I do not wish to con-
sume time; 1 therefore merely say that I hope the
amendment will be adopted.
The amendment was rejected.
Mr. FOOTE. I have another amendment to
offer, with which I hope to have better fortune.
It has not received the sanction of a committee of
the other House; but it has received the sanction
of the Committee on Foreign Relations of the Sen-
ate. 1 believe I may say that it has also received
the sanction of the chairman of the Committee on
Finance:
" To defray the expenses of a spccial agent to the three
Republics of Venezula, New Granada, and Ecuador, to claim
of those Governments respectively the several ainoun's due
from each of thern on claims ot several citizens of the
United States against the former Government of Colombia,
$2,000."
I hold in my hand a statement in relation to this
matter, which I wish to read:
Statement inreference to Colombian Claims.
Before the di solution of the late Republic of Colombia,
there existed in favor ol citizens ot the United States against
that R. public claims to ttie amount of more than one mil-
lion of dollars, arising out ol acts of lawless seizure, confis-
cations, loiced contributions by military authorities, and'
supplies furnished during their revolutionary sttuggle. Toe
prosecution of these claims was suspended alter mat event,
on account of the unsettled and disturbed state in winch the
political affairs of the three States which composed said Re-
public continued for a long series of years. Of the whole
amount of said claims there has not been realized more
than from one hundred and fifty to two hundred thousand
dollars, and u is now found impossible to proceed with their
settlement from the circumstance that in every claim there
ha* to be a separate negotiation or settlement with each
Slate, for the percentage oi proportion due from each on
each claim, which the- diplomatic agents of the United Slates
cannot eff. ct f om the impossibility of using the same proofs
and documents in three different settlements. The vast
distance ot the capitals of these States from each other, and
immense difficulties of the transit from one to the other,
over mountains and rivers almost impassable, render the
transmission of valuable documents by post extremely haz-
ardous, and when voluminous, absolutely impossible. The
appointment of a special agent to bring together all the doc-
uments and proofs in each case at one place, and to procure
a .-eitlement ot all with the Government at such place;
thence to proceed with said documents and piools to the
nevt Government lor a corresponding settlement there, and
thence to the remaining Government loi the sarin: puipose,
presents the only plan by which the claimants can ever ex-
pect to realize their claims And it is absolutely essential
that such agentshonld be clothed with the auihouty of cre-
dentials from the Government of the United suites ; other-
wise his repie-entations will bo of no avail. The exercise
of its good othec> by any legation of the United Slates to
either or tiiese Governments, in aid of an agent not specially
authorized by the Government ot the United States to settle
the claim-, would be equally unavailing, and rather tend to
produce ihe impr< ssion that the Government of the United
State- was not disposed to extend to the claimants the ben-
efits of a direct and effective assistance.
The sending of such an agent would ahorelieve the State
Depannient from the labor and molestation incident to re-'
pe.lu d correspondence with claimants, to thrice repeated
instructions to it* diplomatic agents, and thnce repeated or
tuple negotiations and settlements through said agents ol
each claim, under the disadvantages of want of suiiit lent
proofs at two at least of the legation*, and of all the d« lay 
and evasions invariablv induced b* su<-h a circumstance, es-
pet iall\' With such debtors. The necessity of triple settle-
ments ari-esfiom the division by treaty beiwien said States
ot cite itahilititjs ol Colombia, into specific proportions5, to he
assumed and paid by each, which arrangement the Govern-
ment of the United States has heretofore acquiesced in <vub
respect to the claims that have been recovered. In the
same treaty, tm article was inserted, at the instance of the
Chargtf d'Affaires of the United States at Boaota in 1834, ob-
ligating the three States to liquidate and settle the claims in
favor of citizens of the United States by a board of commis-
sioners, to be theieafter constituted lor the division of the
debt, and other purposes growing out of the dismember-
ment. The board assembled at Bogota in 1838, and not-
withstanding the urgent representations of General Srmple,
Char_£ d'Affaires of the Umied States at that place, in be-
half of the claimants, failed entirely to discharge this portion
of their duties, the consequence ot which has been an in-
definite postponement of the chums.
The adoption ot the plan recommended, whilst it saves
labor and expense to both the State Department and claim-
ants, will afford to the latter a certainty of realizing within
a reasonable period something ol their long-deferred claims
to indemnification. The claimants have memoiiahzed -the
State Depaitrnenc in the most urgent and pressing terms to
appoint a special agent for thc^ purpose, and have the de-
cided concurrence and approbation of that depaitmentin
support of their wishes.
Amongst the claims is the ease of the American ship
Good Keturn, seized near St Bartholomew m 1819, and
robbed of the greater portion of her cargo, worth more than
one hundred thousand dollars, by a Colombian vessel ol war,
under command of Commodore Joly.
Another is that of the American schooner Ben Allen
and caigo, seized and confiscated in Chagres m 1827, under
circumstances of great aggtavation, and wuhiMiuen&e dam-
age to the owners in New York.
Another is the case of the schooner Economy, seized and
confiscated m Maiacaibo m the same year, without law or
justification.
Another is that of extraordinary contributions levied
without the sanction of Jaw in 1824, by the military authori-
ties of Guayaquil, in Ecuador, upon several valuable caigocs
of cacao bclongingro merchants in New York.
Another is the case of a final and definitive judgment in
favor of Jacob idlor and against the Government, alter a
long and vexatious suit, (in which the claimant was sub-
jected to personal imprisonment and oppiessinn,) for a large
amount of moneyduehim and his associates, lor military
supplies, furnished during their revolutionary struggle, of
which nothing has ever been paid.
in addition to which are various other cases of seizure
and captures, during the early part of their revolution, in-
volving large sun 3, m which the heirs and assignees of ttie
parties interested, citizens of the United State®, are hugely
interested. All ol these claims have been the subject of re-
peated instructions from the Slate Department to its diplo-
matic agents in Venezuela, New Granada, and Ecuador du-
ring the last twenty year--, as well as matter of animadver-
sion m (he messages of different Piesidents of the United
States. But the great dithcultj, and indeed the impossi-
bility of transmitting voluminous documents from one point
to another by post, puts it out of the power of diplomatic
agents to get the proofs necessary to the support of the claims
from one legation to another. Such documents can only
be safely transmitted under the persovi.il care of an agent
employed for the puipose. The distance fiom C.iraccas, in
Venezula, to Quito, in Ecuador, is some two thousand
miles, over the highest mountains in the world; Bogota, the
capital of New Granada, being situated bttween the two."
Mr. DICKINSON. I am inclined to think that
this may be productive of benefit, though 1 have
not had more than a glance at the matter. There
is a great deal of plausibility, in it, although it may
be liable to some objections.
Mr. BRIGHT. 1 am glad the Secretary of State
prefers this course. It is certainly generally the
cheapest and the best plan for the adjustment of
claims. I shall vote for this amendment, not only
on this account, but also because it will save the
necessity of employing two additional members of
a board, and the room, fuel, and other charges of
a board.
Mr. CtWIN. I have examined this matter with
some care, and I do not believe that we could ap-
propriate money for a better object.
The amendment was adopted.
Mr. SHIELDS. I move to amend the bill by
adding after-the provision that the compensation
of the laborers on Ihe public grounds should re-
ceive $40 per month, the following:
"And the compensation of the foremen at the Capitol
grounds and at the President's grounds shall be $50 per
month." *
This provision was intended to be put in the
bill, I believe, and I offer it merely to rectify the
mistake.
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. DAWSON. I move to amend th6 bill by
inserting after the provision for the pay and mile-
age of Senators, Members, and Delegates, the fol-
lowing:
"And to the Senator elect from New Mexico, who has
appeared here for the purpose of taking his seat in ihe Sen-
ate of the United States, for his mileage, $-2,000 "
New Mexico has made an effort to get into the
Union upon the same principle as California; and
the Senator elect [Mr. Weightman] from New
Mexico came here with just as honest purposes, and
he was elected with just the same views and feel-
ings, as the Senators from California were elected.
He came here without any knowledge that Con-
gress was about to' establish a territorial govern-
ment there. On the contrary, the pttblic press dt
the day gave him information that a territorial gov-
ernment would not'tind could riot be established in
New Mexico, and that the only way they had td
get a government was to hold a convention and
form a State constitution. In pursuance of thesfc
honest purposes, without Any attempt to commit
fraud on the Government of the country, they
honestly met together and formed a constitution-,
and came here very improperly, I admit; but they
are not to blame for it. And I submit that if Cali-
fornia had been rejected, the Senate would have
consented to pay her Senators.
I recollect, in 1836, when I was a member of
the House of Representatives, Michigan came
here with her Senators; her constitution was re-
jected; her Senators were compelled to return
home, but in the civil and diplomatic bill, an ap-
propriation was made to pay those Senators. I
ask what, in common justice, is the distinction
between the Senators from Michigan and Cali-
fornia, and the Senator from New Mexico who is
here; who came here without any other view or
expectation than that of taking his setit; believing
it would be in accordance with the wishes of the
Government and people of this country ? I sub-
mit, then, whether in fairness, in honesty, and in
justice, he is not entitled to it?
Mr. GWIN. I do not object to the Senator
frtfm Georgia bringing in this proposition; but I
do protest agoinst-his stating that the case of Cali-
fornia and that of New Mexico are the same. Sir,
there is a great difference between the two cases.
If 1 am not very much misinformed, this move-
ment for the establishment of a State government
in New Mexico was not commenced until after
this session of Congress began,after it was known
there that the subject of forming a territorial gov-
ernment was under consideration. And it has
been charged, and not successfully refuted, that
that movement took place under the direction of
the Executive branch of this Government.
And here I feel myself called upon—and it is,the
first occasion I have had to speak upon the sub-
ject—to deny most emphatically that the people
of California formed their State government under
Executive dictation. 1 acquit the gentleman sent
out there by the President of the United States
(Mr. Thomas Butler King) of having: inteiferedat
all in the matter. If Mr. King interfered, his in-
terference was unknown to me and to the people
of California. I was a member of the convention
which formed the State constitution there, and I
know he did not interfere in the slightest possible
degree in the formation of the State constitution.
I have heard various charges brought against him
to that effect. I do not know what his intentions
were; but his real acts, I know, were such as
should not subject him to any such imputation.
Mr. DAWSON. I am gratified to hear 'hat
statement made. The Hon. Thomas Butler King
has denied m peison the statement that he went as
the agent of the late Administration to call the
State of California into existence, it is now de-
nied by the Senator from that State. It has been
denied by the late Governor of that State, General
Riley, who stated to me here m this Hall that Mr.
King had nothing to do With it. He told me that
his proclamation was written in the month of
May, and that he did not know of the approach of
the steamer which brought Mr. King there when
he issued his proclamation.
Mr. CASS. I must ask pardon of the honora-
ble Senator for interrupting him; but I would like
to know if it is necessary to go over all this at this
stage of the session ?
Mr. DAWfeON. Not at all. But it is neces-
sary that I should say this much to shield Mr.
King from the imputation that has been cast upon
him. i am exceedingly thankful to my friend from
California for making this development. But if
what was done in California was done by the act of
California, was not what was done m New Mexico
done by the act of New Mexico ? The principle
is the same in each case. If California acted ac-
cording to what was the wish of her people, so
d d New Mexico; and where is the difference in
point of principle? I can perceive none. i repeat
again that if California had not been admitted her
Senators would have been compensated. And I
think we Should do the same thing for New Mex-
ico.
Mr. SUTLER. I do not intend to enter into
this discussion, and J am not in the habit of goirg
