840
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
April 29,
gotiate a loan upon uncommonly reasonable terms.
Is it not right, wise, that whenever the United
States propose to borrow money that they should
be able to exhibit, in anjiuthentic form, the im-
mense amount of property, real and personal, that
is always responsible for the payment of the debt?
I sit not desirable to know the mineral resources
of the country? Both in peace and ia war, the
industrial pursuitsof the country? The machinery
of the country and its mechanical science and skill,
with a view to their protection and encouragement ?
The gentleman from Georgia, the other day, took
occasion to say that no government could stand or
ought to stand, that brought its power in conflict
with the property of the people. The property to
which the gentleman referred, is property vested
in slaves, which he was pleased to estimate at
fifteen hundred millions of dollars. 1 deemed the
expression indefensible, revolutionary; but since
thesentiment is advanced in this House,and seems
to be entertained by others than the gentleman
from Georgia, it is quite desirable to know the
ages as well as the numbers of the slaves, with the
view of ascertaining their value, and comparing
that property with other property which tne same
gentlemen seem to think deserves no protection,
no encouragement. Jt is quite desirable to know
the positive and relative yield of agricultural pro-
ductions in different sections of the country, in
order that we may see whether it be wise to in-
graft slavery upon the immense terr tories which
have lately acquired. I know of no one fact,
\thich the tables prepared by the chairman on the
Judiciary would not be useful for us to know.
Let there be light, was the command of Infinite
Wisdom at the creaiion of the world. The rule
seems to be reversed here, in the government of a
small part of the world; and the cry of gentlemen
here is, let there be daikne^s.
There is in the free Slates a class of men enti-
tled to all the piivileges of citizenship there, who,
if they set foot in certain other States of this
Union, are liable to be imprisoned, and in certain
contingencies io be sold as slaves, because it has
pleaded God not to bestow upon them quite so
white a skin as some of us wear. Is it not de-
sirable to know how numerous this class is, with
the view of ascertaining the practical value of a
great principle of the Constitution? Would it
not be worth while, if it were in our power, to as-
certain the lineage and the place of birth of the
African race, in order, amongst other things, to
ascertain whether our laws excluding slaves from
foreign parts are violated or observed ? Is it not
desirable to know the prevalent diseases of the
country, whether they result from local causes or
unhealthy tiades, so that if netd theie lie, we may
discourage the unhealthy trade, diain the matsh?
Is it not desirable, with reference to the health of
the countiy and our quarantine laws, to ascertain
whether diseases are imported, and whether they
arc ihe result of unhealthy food, or scarcity, or the
crowded state of the vessel ? Will not an lnquny
into the diseases of the country tend to elucidate
these facts? Give us light upon all these subjects;
we shall not obtain a surplus of information; and'
it seems to me ihat he that underrates this statisti-
cal information, which is sought by the bill under
consideration, has not well considered the elements
out of which the character, the power, of a coun-
try is made.
Mr. WOODWARD said, he apprehended that
the gentleman v,ho had just resumed his seat [Mr.
Clarke] had given an intimation as to what was
the hue object of asking a great variety of the in-
quiries contained in this bill. It was to know
what facts might be alleged m derrogation of a
certain desciiptiori of labor in a certain portion of
this Union. It was not necessary for the gentle-
man to have made the intimation; other gentlemen
had been more prudent in discussing this question.
It was not necessary, because no man could be
blind o the fact, that the object of a part of this
bill—it was not so with every part of it—but the
object of particular parts of the bill was to pro-
cure and circulate over the country themes for ab-
olition declamation. Who doubted that it was
for that purpose? The object was to select the
blemishes in the social system of the South, and
harp upon these until the imagination of the coun-
try should be wholly prepossessed,and every favor-
a) e feature lost sight of. In this way any com-
munity in the world might be scandalized and
brought into disrepute.
But he would not dwell upon this subject; other
occasions might be presented for this purpose. He
proposed, for the present occasion, to look into the
constitutional power of Congress, which he con-
ceived had not yet fully been developed to the
House. The power given to Congress in the Con-
stitution was " to lay and collect taxes, duties,
imposts and excises." A proviso was attached to
this power, " but all duties, imposts and excises
shall be uniform throughout the United States." ,
Taxes were not enumerated in the list which came I
under the proviso: taxes, duties, imposts and ex- j
cises were to be laid and collected, but dunes, im- i
posts and excises were to be uniform. What was ;
the objectof th'at distinction ? It wasto distinguish '
between the subjects of direct taxatior^which were i
to be apportioned upon one principle, and the other !
three forms of taxation which were to be appor- !
tioned upon another principle. Taxes, here, meant j
direct taxes, and direct taxation was a taxation i
upon persons or upon lands which could be as- j
certained by enumeration and through geographi- |
cal science. 1h* 1 utcr c u!d be as well ascertained I
by a person residing in the city of Washington.as
by any deputy surveyor who might be sent into
any particular State. Capitation or direct taxes
(which were synonymous in the Constitution)
should be apportioned to federal numbers ; du-
ties, imposts and excises should be uniform, i. e.
according to wealth. There was no necessity of
ascertaining the value of the property in a State
with a view to levying duties, imposts or excises.
An enumeration of the inhabitants was necessary
for the purpose of capitation, and it was necessary
to know Ihe quantity of land for the purpose of a
direct tax upon it. Would they need the aid of a
censor to ascertain the number of inhabitants and
the amount of geographical area? It was ridicu-
lous for tlie gentleman to look to this as a source
of knowledge. Asa measure of legislation it had
been imposed upon Congress by the Constitution, i
but no well informed man ever looked to such a I
souice for light and knowledge: they were more j
securely derived from other sources. The statis- t
tics of the States, certain known laws of relation 1
between population and wealth in the same conn- j
ty, where conditions were identical, or the differ- !
ence of conditions well understood and appreciated,
would be a saler reliance for accuiate knowledge
lhan the returns of any United States censor. °
Mr. STRONG interposing, (and the floor being
yielded for explanation,) said he desired to ascer-
tain the gentleman's views, for he (Mr. S ) hoped
io have an opportunity of being heard more at
length upon the subject. He wished to know
whether the gentleman from South Carolina held,
that Congress, in exercising the power of laying
a direct tax (assuming what the gentleman had al-
ready declined, that it was a capitation or a land
tax) was required to impose an equal tax upon
land which was worth one dollar an acre, and
that which was worth two hundred dollars an
acre ' and if it were not so, whether the inquiries
relative to the value of property in lands contained
in these schedules were not necessary > And sec-
ondly, he would like to ask thegenilernan whether,
in Older to obtain anything like an uniform, equal
tax throughout the country by an excise, it was
not necessary to know what the personal property
would be represented, and could see that justice
was done them ?
Mr. WOODWARD (resuming) said they could
not discuss every point that arose under a ques-
JNTnw duties, imposts, and excises were required
by the Constitution to be uniform throughout the
United States—that was, that the same law should
exist for all the States, and that property, wealth
should be the criterion of taxation, requiring all
persons in all communities to pay according to
their wealth and not according to their federal
numbers. Now what necessity had Congress f.ir
this information in levying this sort of taxation
upon wealth? Was it necessary? It would be
convenient, but was it, in the language of the Con-
stitution, "necessary and proper?" for the Ian- •
guage of the Constitution was not necessary or
proper, but necessary and proper. It was not ne-
cessary and proper to know theamount of property
and wealth in order to know how to levy taxes.
Could they not levy a tax of ten cents per gallon
upon whiskey without knowing the whole airount
of whiskey in the United States ?
But suppose that this knowledge was wanted 
suppose it was necessary and proper, was our
censor, he asked, a more reliable authority than
the State authorities? 'Would gentlemen as-
sume that a State L,°tislature—the Seriate and
House of Representatives of a State, sanctioned by
all the authorities of a State—weie less likely to
give true information than was the censor ap-
pointed by the Federal Government? The gen-
tleman from New Yoik wanted the information
from federal officers. A sovereign State was un-
worthy to be trusted, was too mendacious to be
rehed'upon in the transactions of this Government.
It was a matter of convenience he (Mr. W.) con-
ceded, but in no scale a matter of necessity or
proper—while it should be both.
But to go a little further: admitting that the
General Go ernment had to obtain this informa-
tion, the information sought, according to gentle-
men's own view of the subject, should be confined
to that which was itself the subject of taxation 
if the taxing power was what it was Intended io
| exercise. The taxing power ought not to have
; a greater scope than the suuject of the power.
| What had the subject of taxation to do with the
I institution of a cens>rship modeled after that of
| Rome—for putting all manner of indelicate ques-
j tions to persons touching the private family rela-
| tions, manners, morals, &c. ? That was what
I was proposed. Gentlemen did not confine them-
| selves to what was the subject of their power,
j Now, gentlemen who talked'of incidental power!
! misconceived the nature of things. There could'
I be no such ihing as an incidental power. Inci-
dence was between the different parts of the same
. subject, and all the incidents made the whole sub-
i ject. The power was one and indivisible, and
| covered the whole subject with ail its incidents.
: Take for instance the coinage of monev: the sub-
ject consisted ofeverythingnecessary and proper to
coming—buildings, machinery, laborers,and chem-
ical tests. There was not a distinct power for each
one of these incidents, but a single power covering
the whole. Mr. Madison gives this exposition of
the method of construing the Constitution, Noth-
ing could be more evidently true. An opposite
method violated every law of human science and
reasoning. Each power in Congress was a whole
and complete power, as much so as any power in
a State. It must not, however, transcend its sub-
ject. It would be absurd to suppose that ;
tion in an hour, and he confessed he could not ij power could propeilv do so
consent to any gentleman's indicating the pailicu- i " " '
lar topics which he should discuss. He did not j
mean to be discourteous. He would, however, i
notice one of the inquiries of the gentleman in re- j
gard to the value of the lands. He said that the !
attempts of the United States to survey each man's I
land, and fix the value of it, was never thought of '
7Utd be ,tho;Jgi,tof- The aggregate J: he cai.Keu me gentleman
— of ? *x upon was appoitioned among 'J But at all events; if they
the b.ates irrespective of the value of their lands'. 1 ^ ' * •' - -
Rich land or poor land, sand-barren or alluvion a '
State had to pay so much, if it had so many fed- '
eral population. How the tax should be distrib- '
uted among the people of a State, was a question !
of internal justice and equality, and would depend '
upon the relative valuations which the local gov 1
ei nment would place upon different descriptions of !■
land. What greater security could a people have
that justice would be done them in this respect
than to have the matter left with their own local
government, where each class of land-holders
any
! Could they send your censor to inquire of an
i old maid how old she was, ar.d to require her to
I tell upon oath; arid if she did not that she should
j be fined, indicted ?
Mr. THOMPSON", of Pennsylvania, said there
| was no such provision m the bill.
Mr. WOODWARD said if he was mistaken,
thanked the ^entlcmHn for the corrcction
at all events, if they exempted her from
affidavit, they did not from fine, and imprisonment
if she did not pay it. A woman who had borne
an illegitimate child had to tell it; if she refused
,was be finec1' [He here read the sixteenth
section of the bill.]
• ^ THOMPSON said there was no provision
in the bill as to children born. If, when the Gen-
tleman came to read it, there was anything in it
so illegitimate as the gentleman's argument, he
would himself give up the bill.
Mr. WOODWARD said he would state, or G3
for all, that he had not the tables from the Kenate
