842
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
April 29,
nation that the East is engaged chiefly in agricul-
ture and commerce, the Southland the West in
agriculture.
In the present mode of taxation their
interests conflict, and if each seciiqg says to the
other, we will permit no disclosure oH)ur resources
upon such authority as the national legislature
shall direct or can rely, by what light are we to be
governed? As statesmen legislating for a nation,
the doctrine leaves us nothing but our instincts
if it was followed out.
The interests of the district which I have the
honor to represent is a grand illustration of the
necessity of the national legislature being informed
of the interests and demands of every section of
the Union. An iron convention at Pittsburg,
sent to me, as I team it did to other members of
this body, a memorial, that they must have an in-
creased protection on iron, of ten or twenty per
cent. One of the arguments for a protective tariff
is, that it furnishes a domestic market and increases
prices for agricultural staples. Wheat is the chief
staple of my district, and it is worth more in the
centre of the district on the Ohio canal than at Pitts-
burg. The result" of the proposition of this conven-
tion would be to tax the people of my region from
five to ten thousand dollars a year, without any re-
turn. Now, I should like to be informed as to
these interests and their conflict without, being ad-
vised of their extent and peculiarity.
1 was much surprised to hear from the gentle-
man from South Carolina that this bill was framed
with the view to bring slavery into disgrace, es-
pecially after hearing it advocated by distinguished
s uthern gentlemen in the other end of the Capi-
tol. And how it can have that effect, is a pro-
found mystery to me. The census in the South
will be taken by men of the South. The mar-
shals of the several States are charged with the
duty of taking the census of their respective States;
they appoint the deputies, those deputies sus-
tain neighborhood relation to the fields of their
duty, imbued with all the sympathies, and pos-
sessed of all the prejudices peculiar to the insti-
tution and interests of their locality—as far as
their labor is connected with slavery and its effects,
if there is any such thing, will draw the portrait
as fair as facts will justify. If the peculiar insti-
tution is injured by means of this census bill, it
will be scandalized in the house of its friends.
Sir, as far as I am informed there are no purposes
in connection with this measure to justify the ap-
prehensions of the honorable member. If that
institution or any other cannot endure the inves-
igations proposed by this bill, it cannotjustify any;
and permit me to M*y, that any man, measure, or
institution, that will not bear proper public criti-
cism, cannot survive upon^the face of this Repub-
lic, nor for any considerable time upon this conti-
nent. The schoolmaster is abroad, and things to
he examined, must, in their turn, e\ idence the search
of inquiry and the conclusions of reason.
It is objected to the measure, that the facts ob-
tained through it are not reliable. Why, sir, the
subject is within the capacity of any person of
common sense, and committed to the labor of
man, acting under all the obligations of oath and i
official trust. They may not be literally correct, '
but they will furnish a nearer approximation to |
truth, than can be produced m any other way or ;
by any other means. \
Mr. JOHN A. KING said he desired to sub- j
mil a very few remarks to the committee. He j
had heard with great surprise the opinions j
which had been expressed m the course of the -
debate upon this ptoposiuon. He said with sur- !
prise, because, sitting m the House of the Rep- ;
resentatives of the people of the United States, he '
couid scarcely have imagined that this body could 1
have been called upon to take up the provisions of
the Constitution in order to obtain lightand knowl-
edge upon the subject before it. It was, therefore,
wirh surprise that he had listened to the remarks
made by the gentlemen on the other side of the
House, as well as those of the able and distin-
guished gentleman [Mr. Stephens] on this. What
was the provision of the Constitution under :
which gentlemen asserted that the power to collect I
this information was' not given ? It was that pro- i
vision which declared that taxation and represent- i
ation should go together. This was an early pnn- ;
ciple—a jealous pi maple—not only in the Revo- j
luuon, but a principle which governed the Con- '
federation of the States, and which had found its [
way into the Constitution of the United States. |1
Taxation and representation were to go hand in
hand. That was a peremptory principle, and it
was necessary that such a provision should be
peremptorily established. Rightly, therefore, had
it been ingrafted in the Constitution. What was
the consequence? Congress was to take an enu-
meration of that which was to be the basis of rep-
resentation and the basis of taxation—all the free
white men and three-fifths of all others. That was
the principle which lay at the foundation of taxa-
tion and representation. How was this to be as-
certained from time to time? Only by the power,
peremptorily given, that a census, or enumera-
tion should be taken from time to time. The
provision was not to be got rid of. Congress
was bound every ten years to take an enu-
meration so as to establish the ratio of repre-
sentation as well as taxation, if a resort to taxation
should be deemed necessary. In giving the ratio
of representation, only a part of the principle was
carried into effect. How was a guide to be ob-
tained to the number of dollars to be assessed upon
each State, if we had no account of the prop-
erty on which it was to be based? And during
the war of J812 and 1813, when a tax was to be
levied, not only the ratio was fixed,.but it was
declared that property in lands, houses, and slaves
should bear taxes. Assessors and collectors were
appointed, and when a sufficient amount was not
yielded, it was then required that personal prop-
erty should also be taxed. He had himself paid
a tax in 1815. He had paid a property tax;
he had paid a tax on his watch; he had paid
a tax on his furniture. lie knew, therefore, what
the principles of taxation at that time were, Imd
how that taxation was assessed; and it was
only upon the principles ingrafted upon this bill
that, should occasion arise, the proper results could
be arrived at. Who could tell how soon that oc-
casion might arise ? Peaceful as we were in all
our pursuits, occupations, and habits, we were
still a warlike people; we had our wars of con-
quest or defence. No man could tell what might
happen in ten years from this time. If we were
to icniain at peace, and not to be subjected to direct
taxation, we should support the Government
through the custom*houses (which, though not
in the opinion of some gentlemen the best mode,
was yet that most suited to the character and dis-
position of our people) until the representatives of
; the people should by their votes here declare that
our custom-houses should not give us the taxes
required for the support of the Government; but
that we should raise them upon the property, the
slaves, and the freemen of the country; and the
Government ought at all times to have within its
control the basis upon which this taxation was to
be laid.
Now, if Congress had a right, as he deemed
they had, independently of that provision of the
Constitution which required an enumeration of
the inhabitants to be taken—if they had a right
under their general powers of legislation—which
(because it was not inhibited) he thought they
had, to collect accurate knowledge relative to the
property, the productions, and the resources of
the country, should they not obtain such informa-
tion? How were men to act advisedly, intelli-
gently, correctly, upon the great subject of the
taiiff, which affected the laboi, the resources, the
industry of the country, if they had nut before
them the statistics which constituted the founda-
tion of that knowledge? How were they, as
legislators, to act intelligently without it? Was
there any constitutional inhibition to the receiving
that light, that knowledge and information? Was
that inhibition to be found in the peremptory pro-
vision of the Constitution requiring the citizens
and the slaves of the country to be enumerated, in
order that representation and direct taxation might i'
be apportioned fiom time to time, to their num-
bers ? He could not conceive a legislative body
sitting anywhere where the principles by which
they were to be governed were so clear, so abun-
dam, so advantageous to the whole nation as that ,
through the power of Congress—this accurate, :
full, reliable knowledge should be acquired— !:
knowledge which was not necessary alone to !',
guide the minds of the legislators of the country, i!
but which every intelligent citizen in the land j|
looked to with avidity, with earnest desire, m j'
order that he might have, as he ought to have, all ji
the knowledge and information connected with ||
the resources, the industry, the wealth and pros- |j
perity of the country. If there was a people in
the world who required that knowledge, it was
the American people. Was it not the course of
other Governments all over the world, not only for
their own information, but for the information of
others who desire it, to collect such information rel-
ative to themselves? and was it not by them ac-
quired,published,distributed to the world? Why
did we desire to see the statistics of the population,
wealth, productions, and resources of England,
Prance, and all the other countries of Europe and
of the world with which we had relations of amity
and of commerce? Was it not right and proper,
if we received these lights from them, thai we
should furnish them the same information relative
to our own country?
Whatever constitutional objections might be
raised in certain quarters of this House, he main-
tained that it was the right and the duty of Con-
gress to ask, to demand—in a proper and courteous
manner, he admitted—from the citizens in all sec-
tions of the country, all that knowledge which
they thought proper to collect, all that light which
in their opinion, would tend to wise, safe, and
patriotic legislation.
Mr. K. having concluded—
Mr SIBLEY obtained the floor, and yielded at
the request of
Mr. WOODWARD, who inquired of the gentle-
man from New York who had just taken his seat,
[Mr.KiNG,] with what reason from the power given
in the Constitution to levy direct taxes, he couid in-
fer the power to go out into the country and assess
the property, when the framers of the Constitution
had not left the power to take an enumeration of
the inhabitants to be inferred from the power to
apportion taxation according to their numbers?
Mr. J. A. KING, (Mr. Sibley further yielding)
paid, he did not infer the right to take a census of
the property and productions of the country from
the power to take an enumeration of the inhabit-
ants, but deduced it from the general legislative
power to Congress and the specific power to lay
direct taxes—from these sources he inferred th$
power to ascertain ail that belonged to the re-
sources, the wealth, and prosperity of the country,
Mr. WOODWARD replied that the gentleman
made the power which was not an express power
in the one case ten times greater than the express
power itself in the other case. The power with
respect to the inhabitants was an express power
to enumerate them, and nothing more; with re-
spect to property there was no express authority
for taking a census, and yet the gentleman inferred
a power which extended to an assessment of the
property, resources, wealth, and productions of
the country.
Mr. SIBLEY obtained the floor, and moved that
the committee rise.
The motion having been agreed to, the com-
mittee rose and reported progress.
FRANKLIN EXPEDITION.
Mr. JONES rose and was recognized by the
Chair.
Mr. HOUSTON rising at the same moment,
said, he rose to a privileged question, and he
moved that the House adjourn.
Mr. JONES claimed the floor, which, he said,
he had not yielded to the gentleman from Dela-
ware, [Mr. Houston.]
The SPEAKER said, the Chair had understood
the gentleman from Tennessee, [Mr. Jones,] as
yielding: the floor.
Mr. JONES said, he had not yielded. He had
risen to the same sort of motion as that announced
by the gentleman from Delaware, [Mr. Houstox,]
so far as concerned it, being a privileged quesuon.
He wished to move areconsidpiation of the vote
by which the House had, on Friday last, sus-
tained a decision of the Chair, bringing before
the House a joint resolution, which hat^ pre-
viously passed from under its consideration, by
another piocess other than the one by which the
reconsidera ion had been proposed. He did not
ask that the motion to reconsider should be acted
upon at this time, but he desired that it should be
entered on the Journal.
[The joint resolution was that which related to
the Franklin expedition. See Friday's proceed-
ings.]
The SPEAKER. In the opinion of the Chair,
a motion to reconsider that vote is not in order.
Mr. JONES. The rule of the House secures
