s-i-vm
wm
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
Sept;-SB.
properly be strickeh out by law. Bat here is ah
Appropriation that relates exclusively to the House;
but which has not been requested by any commit-
tee of the House. But two rilonih's will elapse
before the next session of Congress, and it wilt
then be time enough to make this appropriation.
1 hope the Senate will not put in this bill an ap-
propriation for the House of Representatives
which the Hou'^e do not ask for. We shall have
quite enough to do to attend to ourselves, and let
the House take charge of its own affairs.
Mr. BADGER. The honorable Senator from
Virginia says we have no authority for saying
what was the disposition of the other House in re-
gard to this matter. You have my authority for
the fact that several merhbers of that House have
stated to me thut this amendment was in conform-
ity with the wishes of that House.
Mr.- HUNTER. The Senator from North Ca-
rolina does not exactly understand what I said. I
did not say that we had no authority at all. 1
stated that the two Houses usually communicated
in relation to such matters through the committees;
and that we Jiave had no such communication in
-this case. 1 have no doubt that the Senator from
North Carolina was assured by some member of
the House of Representatives that this appropria-
tion was desirable to the House. But 1 say no
communication from any committee of the House
has been received in relation to this matter.
Mr. BADGER. I admit it. But in this case
gentlemen of the House belonging to both politi-
cal parties have spoken to me in relation to this
matter. 1 have brought the matter to the consid-
eration of the Senate. I did not do so for the
purpose of obtruding into the business of the
House. But t am requested to give them an op-
portunity of doing by this amendment what I am
assured they would have done had the matter beett
brought forward there. It is a perfectly simple
and harmless proposition. If the House disagree
to the amendment, there the matter drops. There
is no unjust interference with their business—no
unwise tampering with it. It can lead to no mis-
chief. It merely gives the House an opportunity
of passing upon that which they were accidentally
prevented from passing upon. I hope the amend-
ment will be adopted.
The amendment was rejected.
Mr. DODGE, of Iowa. I move to insert after
line 142, under the head of " Third Auditor's of-
fice," the words, " for arrearages to extra clerk
authorized to be employed in said office to 1st De-
cember next, $435." I will merely state lhat this
amendment is recommended by Mr. John S. Gal-
laher, the Third Audiior. This extra clerk has
been a good deal employed during the past Sum-
mer, and this amendment is to pay him for the
services which lie has rendered.
' The amendment was adopted.
Mr. DODGE, of Iowa. I have another amend-
ment, to come in under the head of " Minnesota,"
after the 549th line:
"That the accounting officers be empowered to audit, ad-
just, and allow the accounts* of the public punter of Minne-
sota Territory, for priming the Constitution of the United
States, such p.iits of the laws of the United States as. re-
late** to the Northwest Territory, anil tiie laws of Wiscon-
sin, in force in t*aiii Teiritory by provision of the act oigan-
riv g it; the said accounts to be subjec fed to the same rules
at'd ormcipltts as are prescribed by the act of August 29,
1S42, for other territorial accounts."
I need only state to the Senate that this amend-
ment doe3 not involve the expenditure of a single
dollar. The money was appropriated in the de-
ficiencies bill, but, owing to the language of the
Iaw making the appropriation, this claim of the
public printer of the Territory of Minnesota, for
publishing the Constitution of the United States,
the ordinance of 1787, and the laws of Wisconsin
applicable to the Minnesota Territory, has been-
reje.'.ted. The amendment was drawn up by Mr.
Whittlesey, the Comptroller of the Treasury, who
recommends that it should be adopted, so as to en-
able him to audit and settle the account.
The amendment wasagreed to.
Mr. BRIGHT offered the following as an addi-
tional section:
'* And be it further enacted, That inasmuch as the con-
tractor? for executing the public printing of Congress have
dr.cl irud their inabdity to do the work upon the terms s,tip-
Utatcd hi thijir contracts, without incurring rum, and have
petitioned Congress to be rein ved trom the past and future
con*«-queiiCes of injury un-nig from their exertions to com-
ply in <1 proper manner with the term?, and have relin-
quished all right, title, and claim whatsoever in !«aid con-
tracts, the said" contracts for the ffrintiug for the Thirty-first
C >ngr&* be and they hereby aVe rescinded aod anifalled on
the pait of the United States. That the Committees on Print-
ing of the Senate and H<m e of Representatives, respectively,
be and they hereby are authorized and directed to audit and
pus upon the accounts for the printing of the present ses-
sion of Congress, lor their respective Houses, winch has
been executed anil delivered up to the date of the approval
of tins act, at a rate of compen>ation corresponding with a
reduction of 45 pec cen.utn upon the prices established by
the joint resolution ol 3.1 March, 1819, which said joint res-
olution is hereby revived and established in full force:
Provided, That the rates of compensation for the public
printing shall hereaftei be at a reduction of thirty per centum
on Hie prices established by thp said joint resolution of
March 3, 1619: Jind. provided, also, Tlut for the remainder
of the present and next session of .Congress, the Secretary
of the Senate and the Clerk of the House of Representatives
he and they hereby are directed to employ such printer or
printers as they shall judge proper and necessary to have
the printing of the respective Hou-es done in a neat and
workmanlike manner, with materials of good quality, and
with promptitude; all of which to be regulated and approved
by the said Secretary and Clerk, and paid for by them at the
rales herein established for the future printing to be ordered
by the two Houses; and^that all acts or parts of acts incon-
sistent with the provisions of this act, be and the same
hereby are repealed. And that for the purpose of meeting
any additional demand upon the contingent lunds of the two
Houses arising from the provisions contained in this section,
there be and hereby is appropriated, out of any money in
the Treasury not otherwise appiopriated, to the contingent
fund of the Senate $o0,0U0, and to that of the House of Rep-
resentatives $100,000."
Mr. BRIGHT. It is proper that I should make
a few remarks explanatory of this amendment.
Some three weeks ago I offered the same proposi-
tion as a joint resolution, but I have failed to get
it before the Senate, and therefore, at the sugges-
tion of several Senators, I feel it to be my duty to
offer it as an amendment to this bill. The amend-
ment provides, in the first place, that the present
printers to Congress shall be discharged from their
contract, which is admitted upon ail hands to be a
ruinous one. 1 believe the gentleman holding it
has, in a letter addressed to each Senator and
member of the House, stated that he has per-
formed the contract according to its letter, in good
faith, up to the present time, and shall continue to
do so up to the adjournment of Congress; but that
if Congress should adjourn without affording him
relief, such ishis pecuniary condition, and thechar-
acter of the contract, he will be compelled to
abandon it, and the printing will be left undone.
That matter, then, submits itself to both Houses
of Congress for their sound discretion.
The second proposition is to pay for what shall
have been done from the date of the contract up to
the adjournment of Congress, at a rate of forty-
five per centum below the rates established by the
law of 1819. This, 1 am authorized to say, will
not more than pay for the paper and mechanical
work, and no profit will accrue to the printer for
the work done from the beginning of the session
to the adjournment of Congress. The amendment
further provides that all printing to be done be-
tween this time and the end of this Congress, at the
close of nexi session, shall be paid for, to whoever
may be employed to do the work, at a rate of
thirty per centum below the rate fixed by the law
of 1819, (which I understand to be a fair compen-
sation tor the kind of work generally ordered by
Congress,) investing the Secietary of the Senate
and the Clerk of the House of Representatives
with power to have the work done wherever they
can get it done best.
1 know the subject of printing for Congress is
one about which a vaiiety of opinions exist, and
that itis very hard to bring a majority of the Sen-
ate to the support of any one plan. Such has been
our experience in discussing the question during
the present bession. But I believe that this amend-
ment will satisfy more conflicting interests, whilst
at the same time it will give relief to one who I
contend is entitled to relief at our hands, than any
other proposition which could be presented. With
that view I have offered it, and I hope it will meet
with the favorable action of the Senate.
Mr. HAMLIN. Several Senators have inquired
of me what has been the action of the Committee
on Plintmg in relation to this matter. I therefore
feel bound to state that this matter has been before
the Committee on Priming at several meetings. 1
believe, m the first instance, a resolution was re-
ported to the Senate, which authorized the Secre-
tary of the Senate and the Clerk of the House of
Representatives, respectively, to take as much of
the printing as could not be done in a proper man-
ner and m good season by the present printers,
and get it done by other printers, paying therefor
a price not more than twenty per cent, off the rates
established by the resolution of 1819. That reso-
lution, it will be recollected, was "before the Senate
for some time, and was recommitted. Another1
meeting (I am now speaking of the joint commit-
tee of the Senate and the House) was held,and the
chairman on the part of the House was directed to
report to the House a joint resolution, lam noc
sure whether it has been printed or not; but the
chairman on the part of the House has reported
to the House a joint resolution, and I believe the
terms of it are very similar to the amendment
which has just been offered fey the Senator from
Indiana, [Mr. Bright,] with some slight varia-
tions. I believe the resolution reported to the
House proposed to suspend the present system of
printing, not only during the present session, but
during the present Congress, and it proposed to
pay for the work which had been done at the rates
of the resolution of 1819 with forty-five per cent,
off, and for the work to be done thirty-five per
cent, off from the rates under the resolution of
1819. The amendment of the Senator from Indi-
ana corresponds with the report of the Committee
on Printing, with only these differences: that the
committee recommended that the work to be done
should be done at the rates established by the res-
olution of 1819, with thirty-five per cent, off, while
this amendment proposes only thirty per cent, off
that rate; and the resolution reported by the di-
rection of the committee, I am very confident, only
suspends the present system, while this amend-
ment, I believe, proposes to repeal it. My own
opinion is, that this amendment should contain
both of these qualifications. It should only sus-
pend this contract system, and it should establish
as the rate at which the work is to be done the
rates under the resolution of 1819, with thirty-
five per cent. off.
Mr. TURKEY. Before Toting, T should like
to submit a single remark. If I am not mistaken,
some months ago the chairman of the Committee
on Printing, the Senator from Arkansas, [Mr.
Borland,] who has been absent for several
months, made a report, in which it was shown
that we had paid the present printers for Congress
a very large amount of excess over the usual price
for printing a certain document—some decisions of
the Supreme Court. It seemed that we were very
largely swindled in that transaction. This printer,
who now presents himself for relief, no doubt un-
derstood what he was doing when he bid for the
public printing at a rate at which he knew he
could not properly do it. He did it for the pur-
pose of putting down competition and obtaining the
employment, and then going to partisans or others
whom he could enlist in his service, to give htm
different compensation altogether from that which
he contracted for; in short, to give him the employ-
ment without competition. In other words, it
was a fraud upon Congress, or an attempt at fraud;
and if it is now carried out, and compensation is
allowed him, it will be the perfection of the fraud.
Congress will sanction it, if we adopt this amend-
ment; and I must say, for one, that it never will
be adopted with my vote; for I have on no former
occasions voted additional sums to public printers.
It is to be supposed that they understand their
business. They know, when they make a contract,
whether they will make or lose money by it.
They know a great deal more about printing than
I do, and when they make a contract, knowing
all this, for one price, and when they come to be
paid ask four times theamount, I cannot take their
word both times. But, if Congress is to release the
contractors, who come to us asking to be released
from the hard bargain which they must have
known they could not comply with,,I think it
would 'be only just that they should reduce the
price of that special document, for which they re-
ceived ten times the proper amount that should
have been charged, and let that operate as a set-
off. • Ten thousand five hundred dollars, I be-
lieve, was paid for a small document, which no
Senator anticipated, I am sure, would cost any-
thing like that sum, and which, all will agree, h
at least three or four times its intrinsic value.
<How the Secretary was imposed upon and induced
to pay that amount, nobody can tell from the re-
port of the committee. It was established upon
no principle, neither upon the resolution of 1819,
nor upon any rule or law; and then the printer
himself came along with hia accoq.n.^ and reduced
the amount himself, without assigning any reason
for doing so.
Sir, I think it ftouldbe well to have the report
