1850.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
'843
to a member the right to make the motion to re-
consider^pn the day on which the action which it
is proposed to reconsider may have been taken,
or on the succeeding; legislative day. I do not
raise the question that a reconsideration of the
vote will bring thatjoint resolution back before the
House, but I desire that this motion should pre-
vail in order that the Chair and the House may be
relieved from the awkward, not to say ridiculous,
position in which that decision placed them.
The SPEAKER (in reply to a remark on the
left of the Chair) expressed his desire that the
question should be disposed of.
Mr. HOUSTON rose to a question of order.
He submitted whether it was competent for a gen-
tleman, on an appeal from the decision of the
Chair, to raise a question of reconsideration? In
other words, did the motion to reconsider apply
to a vote of the House on an appeal ?
The SPEAKER,. The Chair thinks it does,
but rules out of order the motion to reconsider,
upon entirely different ground. The rule which
has been referred to by the gentleman from Ten-
nessee, [Mr. Jones,j that it is in order to move a
reconsideration on the day on which the vote was
taken, or on the succeeding day, is familiar to the
Chair. But the motion now made to reconsider is
ruled out of order, because it is not in order to
move a reconsideration of any measure after sub-
sequent action has been had by the House, which
renders it impossible for the House to reverse that
action. In the present case, subsequent action
has been had; for the joint resolution which was
brought before the House under the operation of
the decision referred to, was engrossed and passed,
and a motion to reconsider made and disposed of.
So that, if now the decision of the Chair should
be reconsidered, no effect could result. In the
opinion of the Chair, therefore, the motion to re-
consider the vote on the appeal is out of order, and
cannot be entertained.
Mr. McLANE, of Maryland, rose to make a
remark.
The SPEAKER (addressing Mr. Jones) in-
quired whether the gentleman from Tennessee ap-
pealed ftom the decision of the Chair?
Mr. JONES said he did appeal.
Mr. McLANE said, that before the gentleman
submitted his appeal, he (Mr. McL.) would like
to make one inquiry 
Mr. JONES (interposing) inquired of the Speak-
er, whether the appeal was debatable?
The SPEAKER. In the opinion of the Chair,
the appeal is debatable.
Mr. JONES (who held the floor) said he would
yield to the gentleman from Maryland [Mr. Mc-
LInb] for explanation or inquiry.
Mr. McLANE said, that in connection with the
decision which had been announced, he would re-
quest the Chair to state whether the motion to re-
consider was m order after the joint resolution
had been sent to the Senate ?
Mr. JONES. I understand that, and I said at
the outset of my remarks that 1 did not make the
motion to reconsider for the purpose of bringing
back to this House the joint resolution which was
passed on Friday. The motion cannot, in my
opinion, have that effect any more than a recon-
sideration of the vote refusing to lay the lesolution
on the table on Friday last would upon that occa-
sion have had the effect to bring 
Mr. THOMPSON, of Mississippi, interposed
and suggested that, as some consideration of the
question would be necessary, it would be better
that the House should adjourn, and that the ques-
tion should be disposed of to-morrow morning.
A motion to that effect having been made and
decided in the affirmative—
The House adjourned.
PETITIONS, &c.
"I^e following petitions, memorials, &c., were
presented under the rule, and referred to the appro-
priate committees:
By Mr. R18LEY : The petition of Abner Lewis and 72
other citizens of Chautauque, New York, praying Congress
to repeal all iaw^ enacted or adopted by Congiess by which
slavery or the slave trade is authorize d or gammoned in the
city ot Washington or the District of Columbia
Also, the petition of John Steward and 75 others, citizens
of Cbautanque, New York, praying Congress to make pro-
vision by law, that whenever a person shall be arrested as
a hilive slave in any Slate other than that in winch he is
alleged to be held to service, he ^hall not be delivered to
the claimant, or his agent, except on the finding of a jury
ihdt he is the slave of the claimant.
Also, the petition of John H. Pray and 71 other citizens of
Chautauque, New Yoik, praying that slavery and the slave
trade may be expiessly prohibited by an act ot Congress in
all the territories oi the United Stales.
Also, the petition of John Uobmaon and 72 other cituens
of Chautauque, New York, piaying Congress that no State
be heieal^r admitted into the Union unless the constitution
ot bueh fctate shall expressly prohibits the existence of sla-
very within its hunts..
Also, the petmpn o! David Cowdeft, of Chautauque, New
York, piaying Congie&ss to grant him a pension for injuries
received while iri the service of his country in the late war
with Gieat Britain.
Also, eight petitions, containing the names of 500 citizens
of Chautauque, New Yoik, pra>ing Congress to grant an
appropriation lor the improvement of Portland hai bur, on
Lake Erie.
Abo, the petition of Charles H. Lee and 45 other citizens
, of (Jhauiauque, New York, piaying Congress to puss a law
allowing American-built vessels, that have by any mean*
become the property oi foreigners to be registered in this
eountty as American vessels upon their again becoming the
propeity of American citizens.
By Mr. WENT WORTH: The petition of citizens of
Newport, Lake county, Illinois, prayiug that fugitive slaves
may have the light ot ti;ai by jury.
Also, the pennon of citizens of Newport, Lake county,
Illinois, pra.wng that no Siaie may hereafter be admitted into
the Union^ unless slavery is prohibited by iu constitution.
Also, the petition ot the citizens of Nevvpoit, Lake
county, Illinois, piaying that slavery and the Slave trade
may be prohibited in all the territories of the United States.
Also, the petition ot citizens of Newport, Lake county,
Illinois, praying for the repeal of all laws sanctioning slavety
in the JJ strict of Columbia, and in ihe event of non-repeal,
the removal of ttie seat of Government.
By Mi. liEBARD: The petition of Z. S. Spear and 15
others, asking for a uniform rate ot postage of two cents
per halt ounce, on letters prepaid.
JBy Mr. BURROWS. The petition of Stephen Howard,
of Clarendon, Uileans county, New Yoik, praying ior a
giant ot land, in consideration of services rendered by his
la her, Jonathan Howard, m Hie revolutionary war.
By Mi. ROSS : The peiuion of 124 citizens of Lehigh
county, Pennsylvania, praying that the duties on foreign iron
may lie so modihed as to pievent sudden and enormous im-
pu is oi the foreign auicle.
By Mr. JOHNSON,of Tennessee: The petition ofVal-
entine Seviei, of Gieeti county, Tennessee, praying Con-
gre-s to grant the said Valentine and his brother (Jhailes Se
vier, compensation lor the services ot their lather, Captain
Robert Sevier, in the revoluuonaiy struggle lor indepen-
dence.
By Mi. JULIAN : The petition of 37 citizens of Henry
county, Indiana, praying CongiesS to provide a trial b) juiy
for person- claimed as fntimve slaves.
Also, the petition ot 4b citizens of the same county, pray-
ing Congicss to letuse the adm^&ion ot any mote slave
States.
Also, the petition oi 34 citizens of the same county, pray-
ing ihe aholiuon oi all laws bj which slavery or the slave
trade is antiion/ed in ihe District °l Columbia.
Al?n, the petition ot 37 citizens of the same county, pray-
ing Hie establishment anil ptotectiun oi ireedoin m all the
teintories <>l the United States.
Also, the petition of 283 citizens of Union county, In-
diana, praying c ongress to protect and estabh&h freedom m
.all the teintoues of the United States, and to letuse the ad-
mission of any more slave States.
Also, the petition oi 70 citizens of Indiana, with a like
pra>ei.
Bv Mr. HENRY: The petition of Jo*.n H. Campbell and
52 others, citizens of Rockingham, Windham county, Ver-
mont, piaying that slavery and the slave ttade may be ex-
pressly piolunited by act of Congiess, in all tho territories
of the United States.
Also, the petition of same and 65others, citizens of same
place, praying that no State he In realtei admitted inio the
Union, unless tiie constitution of «iuli State shall expressly
prohibit the existence of slavery therein.
Also, the petition of same and 63 others, of same place,
praying that any person arrested as a fugitive fc-lave, m any
State other than that in which he is alleged to be held to
service, shall not he delivered to the claimant or his age.it,
except on ihe finding of a jury that he is the slave of the
claimant.
AI?o, the petition of the same and 62 others, praying that
all laws sanctioning slavery and the slave tiade in the Dis-
trict of Columbia be repealed, or that the seat ot Govern-
ment be removed to a more suitable location.
By Mr. WiLMOT: The petition of 65 citizens of War-
i ron count*, Pennsylvania, praying that slavery and the
I slave trade may be piohibited in the territoues of the Union.
|i AKo, the p< tilion of same, against the admission ot any
11 more slave States into the Union.
'{ Also, ihe pension of same, piajing for the repeal of all
! i laws su--tdiinn  slavery in the District of Columbia.
Also, the pennon of same, piavmg that the unlit of trial
ii by jurv he seemed to those claimed a-s lugitives lioin labor.
By Mr. lJHELPS: The petition of John H. Blue and 121
' others, citizens of Chariton and valine counties, Missouu,
;! praying foi a post-route from Brmiswukto Miami.
Also, the petition of Geoige R. Smith, praj nig for relief.
Also, the petition of Maty Reeside, executrix of James
Reestde, deceased, praying tor relief.
By Mr. DUER: The petition of citizens of Albion, New
York, that no more slaveholding States be admitted into the
Union.
Also, two petitions of the same, that slavery and the
slave trade may he expiessly prohibited by act ot Congress
in all the teiritones of the Unit* d Slates.
Also, two petitions of the same, that slavery and the
slave trade be abolished m the District of Coiumbia.|
Also, two petitions of the same, for a trial by jury to per-
sons arrested as fugitive slaves.
By Mr. KING, of Massachusetts: The petition of Paiker
Burnham, jr., and 164 others, voters of ftssev, Massachu-
setts, for tho establishment of buoys and a beacon at the
mouth of Essex river.
Also, the petition of John-SafTord-and others, of Beverly,
for the bounty due on the schooner Volney, lost at sea.
Bv Mr. JACKSON, of Georgia: Resolutions-of the Le-
gislature of Georgia, looking to the establishment'of pQst
outes, as follows :
From Wuresborough, in Ware county, to Centra village,
in Camden county.
From Ware&bmough to Blount's Ferry, in Florida.
From Ceutie village, by Woodstock Mills, to St. Mary's.
From Montieello, Florida, to Thomasville, in Ihomas
county, Georgia.
From Eden, Effingham county, to the house of Jam'es
Hagm, in Bulloi k county.
i-rom 11th Station on Central Railroad to the 55th Pre-
cinct, in Emanuel county.
From Dublin, in Laurens county, to Jacksonville, in
Telfair county.
From 13th Station on Central Railroad to SandersviHe, in
Washington county.
Also, a petition for a mail-route from Blount's Ferry,
Florida, to Polk, m Clinch county, Geoigia.
Also, a petition lor a mail-ioute tioin Jasper post office,
in Plouda, to Alapaha post office, m Lowndes county,
Georgia.
By Mr. CALVIN: The petition of B. F. Glasgow and 40
others, praying the establishment of a mail-ioute from Mill
Creek, Huntingdon county, to Pattonvillu in Bedford county,
Pennsylvania.
Also, the petition offl. N. McCallis erand James T.Hall,
and 14 others, citizens of Center county, A'ennsylvania,
pi aving for cheap postage.
Also, the pen .ion of Robert Campbell and 59 others, of
Center county, Pennsylvania, prajing for a modification of
the tanff of 1846.
Also, the petition of D. H. Rayer and 46 others, of Blair
county, prajing (or a modification of the tariff of JS46.
-By Mr. DOTY: The petition of Handail Wilcox, A. M.
John.-on, and others, lor a grant of land lor the construction
of a road from Ureen Bay to St. Paul, in Minnesota Terri-
tory.
Al^o, the petition of Lindsey Ward, Alaneon Sweet,
Geoige D Doiisman, and other citizens, ol Milwaukee, tor
the passage of a law allowing American-built vejgelf, which
may have become the piopeity oi foreigners, to be again
rem~tertd in tins country on their becoming the property
again ot American citizens.
By Mr. HOUSTON: The memorial of John W. Walker,
praying toi authority to constiuct a floating dock at tho
•Dehmaie breakwater.
By Mr. WALDO: The petition of J. N. Suckney and 40
other electors of the town of Vernon, Connecticut, against
the admission of any State inio the Union whose consti-
tution doe - not expressly prohibit slavery.
By Mr. BEALE: The petition of many citizens.ofHarri-
son county, Virginia, praying the establishment of an Agri-
cultuial bureau.
AKo, the petition of Jacob Carder, for a pension.
Also, the petition ot William C. Dusenberry and others,
for ihe establishment of a post-route tiom BarbouisviUe U)
Bloomindale, all in the county ot Cabell, Virginia.
IN SENATE.
Monday, *$pril 29, 1850.
Mr. DOWNS presented a petition from the
heirs ofJTosiah Davenport, asking the confirmation
of their land titles; ateo, a petition from John B.
Eddins, to the like effect, both of which were re-
ferred to the Committee on Private La«3 Claims.
Mr. RUSK presented the memorial of Isaac T.
Tinsley, in relation to certain bonds held by him of
the late Republic of Texas, asking th$t an act may
be passed authorizing him to bring suit against the
Government of the United States to establish the
validity of his claim against the said Government,
and, if he succeed, to recover the amount of his
said debt, with interest; which was referred to the
Committee ort the Judiciaiy.
Also, additional documents in relation to the
claim ofWyckeand Latham to compensation for
extra services in transporting the mail; which was
referred to the Committee on the Post Oifice and
Post Roads.
Mr. STURGEON presented eight petitions from
citizcns of different parts of Pennsylvania, asking
a reduction of the rates of postage to two cents on
ail prepaid letters not exceeding half an ounce; all^
of which were referred to the Committee on the
Post Oflrce and Post Roads.
Mr. DODGE, of Wisconsin, presented a peti-
tion of citizens of the State of Wisconsin, asking
the establishment of a mail-route from Monroe to
Jefferson, in this State; which was referred to the
Committee on the Post Office and Post Roads.
Mr. BRIGHT presented a memorial ofThomas
J. Godman, asking an extension of his patent for
an improvement in the method of scalding hogs;
which was referred to the Committee on Patents
and the Pntent Office.
Mr. BENTON presented the memorial of J.
Eppes Cowan, legal representative of the heirs of
Benito Vasquez, asking permission to locate a con-
firmed Spanish land claim; which was referred to
the Committee on Public Lands.
Mr. DODGE, of Wisconsin, presented the pe-
' tition of Charles A. Grignon, asking compensation
