846
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
April 29,
in no measured terms, in conformity with the
principles of the Baltimore platform, any general
system of internal improvement, should be so very
willing; to continue in force a system of local inter-
nal improvements which will benefit the particular
sections of the Union which they represent. If I
may be allowed to use the term, this course of pro-
cedure, it appears to me, is an inconsistent one.
Sir, if we are to have a system of internal improve-
ment carried out, I would prefer, for one, that we
should have a system looking to the benefit of all
parts of the Union, and not of any particular sec-
tion or sections. But, sir, I am not in favor of
either system, because I have constitutional diffi-
culties on the subject of giving the public lands or
the proceeds thereof for a general, much less a lo-
cal system of internal improvements.
Bat, sir, 1 did not intend to say this much upon
the subject at this time. I would, however, re-
mark, that if the Senator from Illinois intends to
press a vote upon this bill to-day, I shall feel it
my duty to state more at length the objections I
have to its passage, though I am scarcely prepared
to do so at this time. I know very well that the
States of Mississippi and Alabama have interests
connected with the passage of this bill, and I be-
lieve that the Senator from Arkansas [Mr. Bor-
land] has a bill also in some way connected with
it; and therefore I have not the least idea that
any opposition made by a Representative of one
of the "old thirteen" Slates will be successful,
but I certainly feel it my duty to stand up and
make what objections I can to bills of this kind.
Mr CASS. 1 earnestly hope that the Senator
from Alabama will not press Ins amendment to the
present bill. For one, sir, I desire to vote for the
principal bill, and then for the amendment pro-
posed in a separate bill. I have serious and diffi-
cult (objections to the association of these two
measures. I think that each had better stand by
itself. You will, by attaching this amendment to
the bill, provide for carrying his railroad through
the States of Tennessee, Kentucky, Alabama, and
Mississippi; and, sir, wuh equal propriety, you
might attach an amendment providing for the ex-
tension of the railroad into every State in the
Union. Sir, let us take the measures-on their
own peculiar merits—let each stand upon its own
foundation. I do not perceive any difficulty with
respect to the power of Congress which some gen-
tlemen feel 011 this subject. The Senator from
South Carolina and myself have contested the
principle involved in this bill several times. Sir,
there is a fundamental difference between the prin-
ciple of this bill and the Government carrying on
a system of internal improvement. There is no
proposition in this bill that the Government should
build the road; there is no assumption of authority
within the jurisdiction of the States for that pur-
pose whatever. That point, therefore, is wholly
out of view. The jurisdiction is left entirely to
the States to do as* tliey please; to make the road
or leave the road unmade. What, then, 13 the
reason why we should make such an appropria-
tion .? To my mind, sir, the reason is manifest.
In all the new portions of the United Slates this
Government owns a large proportion of the prop-
erty. They sell it. They offer it for sale. It is
surveyed, thrown into market, and emigration is
invited. Tract afier tract is sold, roads are made,
villages and towns are built up, and all the im-
provements that can be of value to a country go
on and increase the value of the lands, and you
sit and do. nothing. I want to know if this Gov-
ernment, being a great land owner, is to do noth-
ing ? Civil government is there maintained by the
people, roads are maintained by the people, all that
constitutes civil society is maintained by the peo-
ple; and yet, when they come here and ask for an
appropriation of land, you fall .back and ask the
cash value. Sir, there is nut a Government on
the face of the globe that would do that. You
ask us, the pioneers of the settlement, to go there
and spe^nd our lives in raising the country from a :
wilderness—a wilderness bowing before the in-;
dustry of man, without which it would be woith-
less—and you sit and do nothing. j.
Why should you not pay your reasonable pro- j
portion, as owners of this land, towards its 1m- |
provement and settlement, leaving the question of
jurisdiction to the States respectively ? Prom the
foundation of the Government—from General 'I
Washington's day—this has been done. When i 1
was but a lad, a road was made from Wheeling to jj
Limestone, under General Washington's admin-
istration. This was the first that ever crossed the
Ohio. No man ever seriously doubted that the
Government, in the character of a land-owner,
has a right to aid in building roads through its
own lands, to render those lands more valuable.
But there 19 another difficulty in this matter. This
amendment, if I understand it, gives the right of
way for a railroad through two States, where the
Government does not own a foot of public land.
Mr. KING. To what States does the Senator
refer ? ,
Mr. CASS. To Tennessee and Kentucky.
Mr. KING. With those States the amendment
has nothing to do. It refers merely to the States
of Alabama and Mississippi.
Mr. CASS. It is more restricted, then, than I
thought it was, and 1 have therefore no kind of
objection to it, except that I would prefer it as a
separate measure, and not as a part ot this bill.
It will be recollected that most of the older of
the new States—Ohio, Indiana, and some others—
have received much larger grants of the public
lands upon this principle than any of the other
States. Each State comes forward for its fair
proportion of the public domain. I believe there
has already been published and laid upon our
tables a document showing the amount which
each State has received; and justice, as well as
equity, requires that the new States should receive
their proportion.
Mr. President, I am not going into this subject
now. I merely rose to state my difficulties with
respect to the amendment. If it is brought in as
a separate bill, 1 shall vote for it.
Mr. KING. Mr. President, while I concur with
much that has been said by the honorable Senator
from Michigan, with regard to the duty of this
Government towards the new States; while 1 con-
cur with him that there is no constitutional diffi-
culty m the way of making grants of this sort, I
must confess that the honorable Senator has taken
ground in opposition to my amendment that is not
at ail tenable. The road, to which my amend-
ment proposes to grant lands in Mississippi and
Alabama, is to all intents and purposes the same
road except that it passes through two other States.
The road contemplated to be constructed through
Illinois touches the Ohio river at Cairo. The road,
as chartered by the States of Alabama and Missis-
sippi, touches that nver 011 the eastern bank, im-
mediately opposite. It is,theiefore, a continuation
of the same road; and hence it is that I have offered
this amendment. If it had been a different road,
not connected with this Illinois road, 1 should not
1 have proposed the amendment. 1 repeat again,
that the same reasoning that will apply to the pro-
priety of granting lands for the construction of a
road in Illinois, applies with equal, and I may say
with greater torce to the construction of a road 111
Mississippi and Alabama.
Sir, the lands in Illinois have been in the market
a length of time. They have value because of their
productiveness. Not so with the lands through j
which the road is to pass in Mississippi and Ala- j
hama. Those lands are known to be worthless, I
so far as cultivation is concerned. They have good 1
timber upon them, to be sure, but that is also val- j
uelcss unless there be some mode by which it can |
be transported to market. The opening of this j
road will increase the commercial facilities of the ;
country, increase the value of the lands through j
which it passes, and cause them to be brought 11110 '■
market at something like a tair price.
Sir, I do not agree with the Senator from Wis- |
cousin, that it is not right to add an additional price ,
to the lands reserved, because their value will be
increased by the road which is made in part by the j
liberality of the Government. The purchaser -
has 110 right to complain, therefore, that he gives
§2.50 for lands which, without these improve-
ments, would not be worth §1 25, but for which, '
if they were in the hands of private individuals, he
would have to pay §4, or p, per acre.
I do not wish to detain the Senate at all. This
is a subject that has been discussed here time and
agam. As regards our constitutional power on j
this subject, we have always drawn a distinction '
between appropriations out of the Tieasury direct, .
and the right ol the Government to dispose of the .j
public domain for lite internal improvements of the j
States, so that the part not so disposed of will be :l
increased in value, or as a great land owner would !
dispose of part of his own lands for the benefit of I
the remainder. We have made appropriations
for the removal of the raft on the Red River. Who
opposed that? Not my friend from South Caro-
lina, [Mr. Butler.] No southern man opposed
it on constitutional grounds. I know that the late
lamented colleague of my friend from South Car-
olina*did not entertain the constitutional difficulty
that the honorable Senator has expressed this
morning. Par from it. He, with me,* drew the
distinction between an appropriation of a portion
of the public domain for works of this sort, and an
appropriation of money out of the Treasury. I
have mentioned this fact merely for the purpose of
showing, that appropriations of this sort, for
North, South, East, and West, have passed with
great unanimity; no opposition being entertained
on account of any constitutional difficulty. I
know, sir, that the late Piesident of the United
States, in his celebrated veto message, took the
ground that it was unconstitutional to grant the
public domain. For a time, that doctrine met with
support in the House of Representatives, hut not
in the Senate; because here, during the last two
sessions, as gentlemen well know, we have passed
bills of a similar character. They failed in the
other House, because many gentlemen felt unwill-
ing to place themselves in opposition to that veto
message. I myself thought the message wrong in
that particular, and I so stated to the President
himself. I still entertain the same opinion.
I am desirous of giving—what I think justly
due to the new States—some little advantage in
the construction of works of this kind, because
we have given up much to the General Govern-
ment. Sir, the very States to which the honora-
ble Senator opposes the giving of these grants,
because connected with the Illinois road, surren-
dered the right of taxing the public domain until
five years alter it is sold. In this way these States
never drew a dollar from taxes, on the public do-
main until five years after they came into the pos-
session of private individuals—thus crippling their
resources, producing embarrassment, andpievent-
ing them from making any works of internal im-
provement. And now, when we ask for these re-
fuse lands, which have never been cultivated,
merely for the purpose of giving facilities of traris-
portaticffi to market, which will give some degree
of value to them, we are met by the objection that
this is an immense grant—that it is a great quanti-
ty of land. Well, sir, it is a great quantity; but it
will be there for five hundred years; and unless some
mode of the kind proposed be adopted, it will never
command ten cents. It is not susceptible of being
cultivated; and no man would spend his labor upon
barren soil, when he can get good land.
I trust that the amendment which I have offered
will prevail. The general principles of the bill I
think good and correct. When the bill comes to
its third reading, it will be in the power of my hon-
orable friend and others to discuss the principle.
But I trust they will allow amendments to be
made, so that the bill may be perfected. Such is
my disposition, and I presume it is that of the
Senator from Illinois. It will be time enough to
decide the constitutional question when the bill
is passed to its third reading.
Mr. WALKER. Mr. President, I wish to
make one remaik in relation to a suggestion made
by the Senator from Alabama. Pic says he dif-
I fers with me with regard to the increase of the
i Price of the reserved lands; and he differs because,
I as he says, it is proper that the price should be
I increased as the value is increased by a road being
| made through the land by the liberality of the
Government. Pray, sir, what liberality is exer-
, cised by making a grant of this sort? Does the
Government grant anything? Not one penny is
| granted, because upon just as many acres as Con-
: gress sives a way it doubles the price, so that con-
; sequently as much money is received fiom the
land as would have been received if none was
1 given away. How does this operate? It ft pro-
; posed by this bill to grant one million five hundred
j afld thirty-six thousand acres, being one-half the
land on the route of the road. It is proposed to
j double the price of the other half, so that the actual
settlers will have to pay $1,930,000 additional
price for these lands.
But let me call the attention of the Senate to
another fact. If this principle is to obtain, another
principle must go into the bill. That is, that the
price of the lands which are granted must be in-
creased also. If this weie not done, the lands
