1850.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
847
held by the company might come in competition
with those of the Government. If the alternates
reserved by the Government are to be increased
in price to obviate competition at a less price, you
have got to increase to the same amount the price
of the lands you grant to the State of Illinois. It
is plain that if one million five hundred and thirty-
six thousand acres, at §2 50 an acre, come in com-
petition with the same amount of land of the same
value at a less price, say 25 an acre, it can-
not be sold, or your land will be undersold. By
this proposed increase in the price of the re-
served lands, you tax the settlers to the amount of
$3,840,000. This is liberality with a vengeance!
This is increasing the value of your lands through
the liberality of the Government in a queer kind of
way! You increase the price of this land, by
doubling it, $3,840,000. Who to pay this
amount for the construction of this road? It is
the man whose enterprise leads him to the West,
who desires to occupy a portion of the western
country as his home. It is he, sir, who will have
to pay this. It is an embarrassment upon the
settlement of the country, and one which, if pos-
sible in our action here, we  ought to obviate.
I shall, consequently, persist in one of two
propositions. If I fail in having that part of the
bill striken out, I shall move (or if I do not, 1
hope it will be moved by some one else) that the
lands granted to the State shall not be sold at a
less price than those reserved by the Govern-
ment.
Air. BRADBURY. I have observed a defect
in the bill which I regard as in dnect conflict with
the principle upon which it is advocated. I un-
derstand the Senators from Illinois and Michigan
to advocate the bill upon the principle that the
Government is a great proprietor of lands through
which this road will- pass, and that, as a prudent
proprietor, it can make a grant of a portion of
these lands, and thereby increase tiie value of the
residue. I think that is the principle which has
been distinctly stated by both gentlemen. Now,
in the second section of the amendment, the bill
provides that where lands have been already sold
along the line, other lands shall be granted to sup-
ply the deficiency.
Mr. KING, (in his seat.) They are to be adja-
cent lands,
Mr. BRADBURY. If, for instance, on any
portion of the route, one half of the lands have
been sold by the Government, the bill authorizes
the selection of the other half elsewhere. I would
like to know what lands, then, the Government
has which, as a prudent proprietor, it will have
increased in vaiue?
Mr. KING. In authorizing the taking of un-
sold lands elsewhere, when it cannot be obtained
directly on the road, the bill still requires that
they shall be adjacent to the sections along the
road. It is not to be taken all along the road, as
the Senator seems to suppose, but in alternate
sections.
Mr. BRADBURY. Are they confined to the
lands within six miles of the road ?
Mr. KING. They are confined to lands adja-
cent. When the section along the road is sold,
then the lands adjacent are to make up the defi-
ciency.
Mr. BRADBURY. Are they confined to lands
adjacent to the road, or to the lands which have
been sold ?
Mr. KING. To the lands which have been
sold.
Mr. BRADBURY. Very well-, then I under-
stand that, where the lands are sold, they can
take other lands adjacent to those six miles; and
that comes clearly within the objection I have
named. 4
Mr. DOUGLAS. The quantity of land to be
granted is equal to the alternate sections of six
miles, and is all of it to be selected in alternate sec-
tions. If they cannot be procured in the six
miles, they can go on seven or eight miles, until
they get the requisite quantity, still taking it in
alternate sections. So that the principle laid down
of incieasing the value of the land applies to each
case, whether the selection is within six, or eight,
or nine miles.
Mr. BRADBURY. The explanation of the
Senator does not relieve the bill at all from the ob- j
jections I have urged. If the lands have been ij
sold, then the selection is to be made from other |
lands not upon the road, but quite remote from !i
the road, and so remote that I think the principle
upon which the bill is advocated cannot fairly ap-
ply. There could be no reasonable objection, I
think, to striking out that portion of the bill which
authorizes the selection of lands elsewhere, when
they have been sold along the road. The bill
grants more than a million and a half of acres of
land, and grants them to the State for the purpose
of constructing this road, without any definite lo-
cation of the road, and without that accurate inform-
ation which, it appears to me, we ought to have
when bills of this character are presented. We
ought to have before us evidences of the extent of
the road, of the character of the country through
which it passes, and all that which could be got
to show a prudent proprietor that he would be
benefited by such a giant.
Theie is another objection which applies to the
amendment of the Senator from Alabama, and that
is, that it would be a dangerous practice to adopt,
that of connecting bills of this character together.
It i^ obvious that several bills of this character,
being connected, might command a majority in
Congress, when neither of them could alone, i
am not prepared to say what are the facts as to
the merits of the proposed grants in Alabama or
Illinois; for we have not the informatien before us
upon which I could feel satisfied to act.
Mr. FOOTE. if I understand the Senator from
Maine correctly, if this bill had been so framed
originally as to embrace the whole course of the
road, the objection he pressed at the conclusion of
his remarks would not have been entertained ?
Mr. BRADBURY, (in his seat.) Not at all.
Mr. FOOTE. It so happens that only a por-
tion of this road was ta'ken into consideration in
the original draughting of this bill. Subsequently, i
the remaining portion of the road—that is, that j>
part of the route lying between the Ohio river and '
Mobile—has been taken into consideration by the |
Senator who has offered this amendment, and he |
proposes to do precisely the same thing along that i
route which is proposed to be accomplished by ]
the original bill, as to the more northerly part of
the route. I do not understand, therefore, how
the Senator can object to the amendment, if not to
the original bill.
Mr. BRADBURY. I do.
Mr. FOOTE. Not on this ground, though.
The Senator says he objects to uniting these two
measures. I say that the objection he urges does
not he; for, if the amendment be adopted, it is iti
fact but one measure, and it will produce a most
beneficial influence along the whole course of the
road. TheSenator from Wisconsin [Mr. Walker]
objects on the ground that the Government actually
will not give anything, even if this bill be adopted
in its present form, because, he argues, the remain-
ing lands will sell for as much money as would
the whole of the land, if-none of it had been be-
stowed.
Mr. WALKER. If the whole were sold ?
Mr. FOOTE. That is to say, the lands will
sell for more if the grant is made, and the Govern
ment thereby be the gainer. And I daie say it
will be, in a pecuniary point of view. But still it
is not true that the Government is not a donor to
the extent of the alternate sections of land. The
truth of the matter, it seems to me, is obvious.
The Government bestows with one hand and gams
in the other. It bestows liberally and gains liber-
ally. It is more than compensated for us liberality, jj
Now, I cannot understand how the Senator will !
establish his position that the Government gives !
nothing. Is he willing to say that he who oestows j
chanty gives nothing because he derives no in- j
crease therefrom beyond a moral compensation tar j
beyond the money bestowed ? Charity, it is said, !
is twice blessed; and so it would be, m my opinion, :
in this case. The proposition before the Senate i
rewards the donorarid the donee alike, as has been ,
clearly and fully stated by the Senator from Mich-
igan. Does the Senator seriously and giavely j
object to this proposition because it will not in- 1
volve the Government in the act of bestowing !
money for purposes of internal improvement?- If!
so, I differ from the Senator materially. Certainly f
I am willing to vote money for purposes of inter- j
na! improvement of a national character; but I hold j
that this power, if really possessed, is one of so
dubious a character, and one that has so perplexed j!
legislation here and in the States at different times, J
that it would be wise, proper, and becoming for j j
us all to avoid its exercise as far as practicable, [i
Therefore, I differ materially from-the Senator,,
and find this bill strongly commended to my ap-,
proval,onthe ground that no money is actually
bestowed by the United States, and that no pecu~
niary loss is actually to be suffered by it.
In relation to the objection stated by the Sena-
tor from Maine, [Mr. Bradbury,] who talks,
about our not being sufficiently informed in regard
to the country through which this road is to pass:
why, the bill is introduced upon the same pre-
sumption, which applies to all other measures, that
all of us' are tolerably well acquainted with the
country in which we live; that all have studied the
geography of our own country; that we all know
a little of the value of the public domain in differ-
ent parts of the Republic; and that„every Senator
and member of the House feels it to be his duty,
seasonably, m good time, and before a measure
is pressed for consideration here, to inform himself
thoroughly in regard to all the facts in connection
with it. Now, in this particular case, I understand
all this information to have been afforded and to
have been given to the Senate through a most
responsible medium. The Senator who sits on
my left [Mr. King] has stated, in the healing of
the Senate, all the actual local facts existing in the
case. He described the nature and character of
the country, on authority which no rran will
undertake to gainsay ,his own personal knowledge.
I think the Senator from Maine, if he has not
examined the subject thoroughly himsdf, ought at
least to be willing to rely on the positive state-
ments of those of his associates in this Chamber
who profess to be fully informed in regard to it.
Mr. BRADBURY. As the Senator is so well
informed on the subject, I desire to know what
portion of the land alang the line of the road has
been sold, and on what portion of the line the
sales have been made, and how generally it will
be necessary to resort to the provision which re-
quires the selection of the land to be made off from
the line of the road ?
Mr. FOOTE. I can speak for my own State.
Mr. BRADBURY, (in his seat.) 1 was speak-
ing of Illinois.
Mr. FOOTE. I understand the lands to be
sold nearly along the whole line, so far as the
State of Mississippi is concerned. As to Alabama,
the road is through a country generally pnor, and
where the sales of land have not been extensive.
In Mississippi, along the joute of this road, the
majority of the Government lands at present are
■utterly worthless, but the prospeet is, that, in the
event of the construction of this railway, it will
greatly increase in value the lands lying adjacent,
to it, and m the section of country through which
the road passes.
Mr. BRADBURY, (in his seat.) My inquiry
was in regard to Illinois.
Mr. FOOTE. I do not know precisely the facts
in regard to Illinois, but I presume the Senator
from that State can give them. I speak of Ala-
bama and Mississippi, and to that part of the bill
I understand the objections of the Senator from
Maine alone to apply.
Mr. BRADBURY, (in his seat.) Oh, no.
Mr. FOOTE. 1 did not rise with a view of en-
tering upon an extended discussion of this subject;
but 1 must say I had somewhat informed myself
in regard to it through the medium of the public
prints before I had the honor of a seat here. I
have examined all the various discussions that
have taken place in Congress on the piecise points
before us. 1 have read with special interest the
arguments offered to the Sei-ate several years ago
by the Senator fiom Michigan and the illustiious
Senator from South Carolina, no longer here. Be-
fore I sa*v the speeches of these two Senators,
some years ago, I must confess 1 doubted extremely
whether the power now claimed by the Senators
from Alabama and Illinois to the Government ac-
tually existed, but ever since I lead those two
luminous arguments, which have been restated in
our hearing this morning, 1 have never entertained
the least doubt that the Government, being the
large landholder of the country, had the ri^ht to
dispose of, reserve, or improve the public domain.
Having this right, it does seem to me to betheclear-
est proposition in the world that it is not only
authorized to bestow alternate sections with a view
of enhancing the pecuniary value of its own do-
main still remaining, but that it is bound to do so
by every obligation of patriotism.
Mr. CASS. ' One difficulty has been suggested,
