1850.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
which he suggests himself. He will have no oc-
casion to be dissatisfied, and we shall know what
we vote upon.
Mr. BRIGHT. Do I understand the Senator
from Louisiana to offer this as a substitute for my
amendment?
Mr. SOULE. Yes, sir, to strikeout yours and
insert this.
Mr. HALE. I move to amend the amendment
by making the percentage of profit given the con-'
tractor five instead of ten per cent.
The PRESIDENT. It is not in order to move
to amend an amendment to an amendment.
Mr. HALE. I understand this is proposed as
a substitute for the whole amendment.
The PRESIDENT. It is an amendment to an
amendment proposed to the bill.
The amendment of Mr. Socle was then agreed
to, and
The question was on amending the bill by the
amendment thus amended.
Mr. UNDERWOOD. Were not the yeas and
nays ordered ?
Mr. DICKINSON. They were called for but
not ordered. I hope we shall not consume the
time by oiderinffthem.
The PRESIDENT. The yeas and nays were
ordered.
Mr. UNDERWOOD. Let them be taken, sir.
A Senator. They were ordered not on this
but on another proposition.
Mr. UNDERWOOD. It was on the same
thing. This is the proposition on which they were
ordered.
• The PRESIDENT. The Chair has no diffi-
culty on the subject, and the yeas and nays having
been ordered, will be taken unless the Senator from
Kentucky waives the call for them.
Mr. UNDERWOOD. I do not waive it, sir.
The amendment was then adopted, by the fol-
lowing vote:
YEAS—Messrs. Atchison, Badger, Bell, Berrien, Bright,
Cass, Clarke, Cooper, Davis of Mississippi, Dawson, Dayton,
Dickinson, Dodge of Wisconsin, Dodge of Iowa, Down*;,
Foote, Greene, Gwin, Houston, Hunter, Jones, Kine, Ma-
son, Morton, Pratt, Rusk, Sebastian, Seward, Shields,
Shute, Spruance, Sturgeon, Wales, Walkei, Whitcomb, and
Yulee—36.
NAYS—Messrs. Baldwin, Barnwell, Benton, Butler,
Chase, Davis of Massachusetts, Ewing, Feleh, Hale, Ham-
lin, Norris, Smith, Turney, Underwood,and Winthrop—15.
Mr. GWIN. I have an amendment which I
wish to offer, to come in after line 483:
tl That the Secretary of the Treasury be and he is hereby
authorized and directed to contract, upon the most reason-
able terms, with tne proprietors of some well established as-
saying works now in successful operation in California, upon
satisfactory security, to be judged of by the Secretary of the
Treasury, who shall, under the supervision of the United
States Assayer, to be appointed by the President by and with
the advice and consent of the Senate, perform such duties
in assaying and affixing thevalue of gold in grain and lumps,
and in forming the same into bars as shall be prescribed by
the Secretary of the Treasury; and that the said United
States Assayer shall cause the stamp of the United States,
indicating the degree of fineness and value, to be affixed to
each bar or ingot of gold that may be issued from the estab-
lishment: Provided, That the United States shall not be
held responsible for the loss of any gold deposited with said
proprietors for assay: Jlnd provided,further, That ihe salary
of said assayer shall be fixed by the Secretary of the Treas-
ury not to exceed $5,000."
I have offered this amendment to this bill from
a fixed conviction that the bill establishing a mint
in California will not pass this session, from the
impossibility of getting it through the other House.
I have submitted the amendment to every member
of the Committee on Finance, and they are all
favorable to it.
The amendment was adopted.
Mr. BUTLER. I propose to insert the follow-
ing clause after line 558 of the bill:
"For an addition to the salary of the Judge of the Or-
phans' Court of the District of Columbia, which is hereby
increased to the sum of if1,500 per annum, $500."
This is the only appropriation for which the
Judiciary Committee has asked, and, from repre-
sentations made to that committee, I am satisfied
that the salary ought to be increased as the amend-
ment proposes.
Mr. WALKER. I really think that with a re-
port on our tables from the Secretary of the Inte-
rior relative to the expenses of the Judiciary of
this District, it is unreasonable to ask for an in-
crease of them. Why, sir, the appropriation for
judges in this little flat-iron three-corner piece of
land, amounts to one quarter of the amount re-
quired for the Chief Justice and Supreme Court
judges of the whole nation. The judiciary of this
District costs more than that of almost any State
of the Union—the Empire State not excepted—and
yet it is proposed still further to increase it.
Mr. BAQGER. The reason is an obvious
one. Jt is for the whole Judiciary of the District,
whereas the States have their own courts.
Mr. WALKER. It is all the machinery of a
State judiciary that I spoke of.
Mr. FOOTE. Does the Senator'from Wiscon-
sin suppose that a man can live here upon $1,000
a year, and play with dignity the part of a judge?
We know that the acceptance of that office pre-
cludes him entirely from the performance of other
duties, by means of which he might maintain his'
family.
Mr. BUTLER. Let us take the vote. The
officer is entitled to the increase of salary, and I
think there can be no difficulty about it. I hope
all will rise, for he is a clever fellow. (Laughter.)
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. YULEE. I have an amendment to offer,
which does not propose an appropriation, but
merely provides for the use of funds already in the
hands of the Quartermaster General, for the pur-
poses to which they were heretofore appropriated.
I'believe the chairman of the Finance Committee
has no objection to it. It is:
"That the sum of $961 44, heretofore appropriated for
clerical services in the Quartermaster General's office, and
which remains unexpended, be paid, under the direction of
the Quartermaster General, to the persons who performed
the duties for which the appropriation was made."
The amendment was-agreed to.
Mr. YULEE, I have one more amendment to
offer, as follows:
« Forthe salary of the late keeper of the public archives at
St. Augustine, to the 5th of June, 1849, when the archives
were transferred from his custody to the surveyor general of
Florida, $464 38."
I will state briefly the occasion for this amend-
ment. There had been an office of keeper of the
archives with a salary of $500 per annum exist-
ing in Florida, for the safe keeping of the archives
transferred to us by the Spanish Government,
which by an amendment to the appropriation act
of 1848 was abolished, and the papers directed to
be transferred to the custody of the surveyor
general of Florida. It required some time to ac-
complish this transfer, and some time beyond the
date for which the appropriation extended. This
amendment makes provision according to the sal-
ary formerly paid by law.
Mr. HALE. Is it a private bill.
Mr. DICKINSON. I would state that the ques-
tion came to the Committee on Finance precisely
as the Senator now presents it, although there was
nothing presented officially, showing that this in-
dividual did the duty. The amendment may be
entirely proper if the Senator from Florida knows
that the service was actually rendered. I have no
doubt that the keeper of the archives was obliged
to retain them for a long time, for the surveyor gen-
eral refused to receive them when it was first pro-
posed to turn them over to him.
Mr. YULEE. Here is a letter from the Com-
missioner of the Land Office, who states that the
service was rendered.
Several Senators. Never mind reading it.
Do you know it?
Mr. YULEE. I do know it.
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. WALKER. I wish to offer the following
amendment:
 'And the compensation of the watchmen in the various
departments of the Government shall be $500 per annum,
and it shall be the duty of the head of each department so to
increase the number of watchmen that they shall not be re-
quired to be on duty more than ten hours each per day."
The compensation now is $365 per annum, with
a service of sixteen hours.
Mr. BADGER. The amendment is all right.
Mr. DICKINSON. Does it include all of the
watchmen in all of the departments ?
Mr. WALKER. Yes, sir.
Mr. DICKINSON. Well, I have no objection
to it.
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. WALKER. I move to strike out of the
1048th, 1049th, and 1050th lines the w$rd§ " the
patent fund, if so much of said fund remains un-
appropriated, and if not, the excess out of," so
that the clause shal) read— ,
(l For completing the eastern wing of the Patent Office
building according to the original plan, under the direction of
the Secretary of the Interior, $110,000, to be paid out of
[words stricken out] any money in the Treasury not other-
wise appropriated,"
The fund from which it is proposed to appro-
priate the money required for the erection of the
east wing of the Patent Office is one which is de-
rived from the payments of inventors in. taking out
patents of thirty dollars each. To do this looks
to me very much the same as if we were to require
members of Congress to pay for the erection of the
proposed wings of the Capitol, or the merchants
to pay for the erection of the custom-houses". And
it is more unjust even than those requirements
would be. This build^pg is not to be erected for
the benefit of the Patent Office—for that is large,
enough now for all the purposes of inventors for
twenty years to come—but I understand it is in-
tended for the use of the Department of the Inte-
rior. Hence the glaring injustice of this propo-
sition. It is unjust to impose this tax on the
inventors and mechanics of our country for the
erection of a palace in Washington to be appro-
priated for any other purposes than their own.
And there are other propositions, one of which is
to tax the mechanics and inventors of the country
even for the collection of agricultural statistics,
which I shall move to strike out of the bill.
Mr. DICKINSON. I feel quite indifferent as to
how this matter shall be decided. I contended last
Spring against so large an amount of this fund
being appropriated as there was, but the Senate
overruled me by a large majority, and since then I
have felt very little interest in the matte*. I desire
to get this bill through, if possible, and I hope,
therefore, unless my friend from Wisconsin con-
siders it absolutely necessary to do otherwise, he
will leave the subject until the beginning of the
next session.
Mr. WALKER. I cannot do it.
Mr. DAVIS, of Mississippi. I think, if the
object of the Senator from Wisconsin is to do a
friendly act to the PatentOffice fund, he has taken
an unfortunate mode to reach his object. That a
building for the use of the Secretary of the In-
terior should not be built out of the Patent Office
fund, is perfectly correct, and that I agree to.
But to appropriate .money out of the Treasury for
the completion of the building, would be to de-
prive the inventors and mechanics of the entire
use of the Patent Office. I differ entirely with
the Senator as to the necessity of the east wing.
I believe it to be required for the purposes con-
nected with the Patent- Office. The law requires
that all models, not only of inventions patented,,
but even the rejected models, shall be exposed to
view; whereas, for the want of room, they are
now crowded together in a confused mass, and
cannot be inspected even by those who know'
them best. I believe the addition necessary
to the Patent Office, in order to carry out the
terms and purposes of the law; that it should
be made out of the Patent Office fund, and that
the building should be confined to that use.
If the Department of the Interior requires room,
as no doubt it does, then we should appro-
priate money out of the Treasury and baild what
is necessary for that department elsewhere, and
leave the square assigned for this building un-
touched until the uses of the Patent Office require
that it shall be completed in accordance with the
original plan, which covered the whole square.
It needs no argument to prove that if the inven-
tive genius of the country continues for the next
twenty years as active as heretofore, we shall re-
quire the completion of the west wing before that
date. We now require the east wing for the pur-
poses of the Patent Office alone.
Mr. WALKER. The Senator from r" -'sis-
sippi is correct, if he would take that • j, ihe
subject which he really ought. The' u •: i de-
voted to the display of models, I own, v. insuf-
ficient, but is there *iot plenty of room in the
building for their better arrangement? Why, the
best story in the building is devoted to the pur-
poses of a Museum or National Institute, and the
mechanics and inventors of the country are de-
prived of its use. I say it is wrong, and for one
I protest against it.
Mr. DAVIS, of Mississippi. It is all done
under the operation of law. The Patent,Office
was made the depository of revolutionary
relics and other curiosities which had been placed
in the State Department; they were therefore
transferred to the Patent Office. It was made so
by the operation of law—how properly it is not
for me to say. I do not perceive how they can
aid the inventors. But I think that to which the
