848
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
April 29.
and that is, that this road in many instances does
not c« me in immediate contact with the public
land, and that then, of course, in the selection of
the land granted, they must lecede from the road.
The error here is in supposing that the road will
be of no value to the public land except where it
comes in immediate contact with it. The road
once built will very much increase the value of the
land for many miles in its neighborhood. In the
present state of the western country, plank and
other roads will at once be built to connect with
it, and the immediate effect will be to increase the
value of ail lands lying within any reasonable dis-
tance of it. Therefore, the objection that the land
in the immediate neighborhood of the road may
be sold, is divested of all us force. Under any
circumstances of that kind the value and benefit to
result from the opening of such an avenue to the
Government and the country will still remain.
M *. SHIELDS, i am gratified at the amend-
ment that has been proposed by my friend from
Alabama. It is one which has been examined by
every member of the committee, and 1 may also
state that every one of the points presented here
this morning were also fully discussed m the com-
mittee. Now, sir, this road, as contemplated by
the amendment of the Senator from Alabama, will
form a great national thoroughfare, connecting the
northern part of Illinois, by the way of St. Loui*,
with Mobile, as well as connecting Boston and the
other eastern cities by the same route through Il-
linois, with St. Louis, and New Orleans, ami Mo-
bile. Perhaps there are no States in the Union
more interested in this work than those m the East*
represented by Senators now objecting to this bill.
For the benefit of Senators who speak of the loss
which the United Stares Government may suffer
in consequence nf this grant, i wish to state that
when land has been ten or fifteen years in the mar-
ket, the receipts therefrom do not defray the ex-
penses of the machinery of Government employed
in then sale. In this case, theief'ore, the Govtrn-
ment can lose nothing, for these lands generally
have been m the market for twenty years, and this
road will be the means of rendering them saleable.
And I um not sure that the Government would not
in the end be benefited by laying it down as a
general principle, that, where lands have been in
the market for fifteen or twenty years, they shall
be appropriated to this purpose, than which I
know none more advantageous and beneficial, of
making public roads. I will state, as .he question
has been asked by the Senator from Maine, chat
io a portion of Illinois the public lands have bee.n
in mnrke for s< m.- twenty years, and are now un-
salenblf ; ?md rhat o/ this million and a half ot acres
proposed to be granted, there will not be thiee hun-
dred ihou*an<l perhaps rhat is in any other condi-
tion. Th ' amount I- oks 1 uge on p tpt r, I confers,
but whar I h tve sn t n i > regard u> ji, ail who have
experience in the \ ubiic lands will acknowledge io
be the truth.
f would beg of my friend from Wisconsin, if I
had any influence with him, to wnhdraw his
amendment. J can assure him he will not only
seriously embatrass this bill, but jf he proposes
his amendment even to the bill in which his own '
State is interested, he may defeat the very end he
proposes to attain. I will state further, that if the
bill as if is will be any w jury to Illinois, that in-
jury will be for the bent-fit of the United Suites,
and we who represent Illinois are responsible to
our people for that injury. The Senator says
that unless his amendment prevails, it will letard
the settlement of our State. Perhaps it may, but
we are willing to leoeive this bill even under this
apprehension, and 1 hope the Senator fiom Wis-
consin will permit us to accept u, even if he con-
sider it detrimental to us. 1 will say to him that
when he proposes a bill of a similar character for
his own Staie, I will not attempt to interfeie wuh
what Wisconsin may consider /or her mtcresis.
I repeat, 1 am gratified that the Senator from
Alabama has irinoduced the amendment; he is
perfectly assuied, as I am, through some know-
ledge derived from a connection with the public
lands, that if you give away all those lefuse lands
in eveiy Shite that have been in market ten,
fifteen, or twenty years, for the purpose of making
roads, you cannot appropritie them to any na-
tional purpose more advantageous. By referring
to the reports of tiie Land Commissioners, you
will find it to be the case that where lands in any
land district have been in the market twenty years,
the revenue derived from their sale will hardly de-
fray the expenses of the land office, I am not
prepared to cipher out this mailer just at the mo-
ment, but i am assured 1 can convince any gentle-
man of the truth of this pioposttion. Now, the
State of Illinois has never derived a dollar from
the Government; our rivers and lakes are left
without improvement, and we pay into the treas-
ury a large amount of money every year from
which we derive nothing in return. And yet if
we come heie and ask for the grant of a few acres
of refuse lands, we are met with such objections
as Senators have urged this morning. You are
expending money every day on the sea-board,
while this immense State, contributing as laigely
as it does to the revenues of the Geneial Govern-
ment, is totally neglected. And even when weask
for this feeble aid from the Government for a work
that'is to benefit Maine quite as much as it will
Illinois—which is to connect Boston with New
Orleans, ihe Noith with the South—we aie met
with a. mere quibble about a few acres of land.
This road is to run from the northern part of Illi-
nois right into Kentucky almost, and it my friend
from Kentucky will give me his aid, 1 am willing
to continue it quite into his State i have no ob-
jections to it, believing as 1 do that purposes of
this kind ai e the most beneficial and advantageous
to which tins refuse public domain can be appio-
priated.
1 hope, therefore, that my friend from Wiscon-
sin will withdraw his amendment to this bill, and
let us manage it in our own way. I take great in-
teiest in the bill which lie proposes, and promise
him my assistance in securing us passage, whether
it does or does not incorporate the principle of his
present amendment.
Mr. DUDliE, of Iowa. Mr. President, I shall
vote for the amendment of the Senator from Ala-
bama. I am glad, sir, that he has ottered it. Any
one who will glance at a map of the country will
leudily perceive that the connection proposed is a
most direct and proper one. Chicago and Mobile
aie almost due noith and south ot each other.
Ti.ey aie certainly the points by which the great
northern lakes ami the Gulf ot Mexico should be
connected.
1 hud hoped, Mr. President, that the constitu-
tionality ami policy of grunting alternate sections
of the public lands for the improvement of roads
and livers tunning thiough the public lands, was
so well established thai it woulu not be necessary
at this late day to enter into any foinml aigumeni
un the subject. In suppoi t of it, 1 could cue what
tne Senator from South Carolina would admit was
high authority, that of the votes and speeches ot
his late lamented colleague, [Mr. Calhoun.] It
is a historical fact, and one auested by the joui-
nals, that the bill making the giant ot land tor the
construction uf the Illinois and Michigan canal was
passed by his casting vote, when filling the chan
now occupied by jou, sir. And surely, sir, if he
had, at any late period of his life, passed thiough
the magmlicwit legion ot countty whose growth
and pi ospei ity have been so much advanced by
that great woik, there were few acts of his event-
!ul hie, 1 doubt not, that would have atfoided hnn
more neaitfelt gratification than thai by which
he turned the scale in favor of that beneficent
measure. j
iVJr. President, the objection made by the Sena- :
tor fiom Maine [Mr. Bradbuixy] might be rcauily i
obviated by an amendment, pioviding that, iftheie i
aie any more lands than aie sufficient for the con- :
siruction of the road, they shall ievert to the United !
Stales. Not believing that tiie proceeJs of the
lands will be sufficient for the enure completion of
the woik, 1, of course, deem no such amendment !
necessary, and hope it will not be adopted it of- '
fered. |
Mr. DAWSON. It is said that the principle
involved in this bill has been admitted, and now :
the application of that pnncipie becomes a ques-
tion of policy and expediency. The pmiuple
may be true, but when you cany it into txccutiun ,
yoli may do it on terms vastly unequal to the \
vanous portions of the country. 1 now propose
to examine buefly the consti uction of this railroad :!
through theStateof Illinois. The road is to be four !
bundled miles in length, and is to travel through i'
(he most wealthy and populous poitions of that ']
Siate. it is to go lrum town to town, from vil- :
lage to village, from city to city, and it must !|
therefore naturally pass over a portion of the |i
country where the whole of the public lands, or
nearly so, have already been disposed of.
Mr. DOUGLAS. If the Senator from Georgia
will allow me,although 1 have no wish to interrupt
the course of his argument, \ will state to him that,
as the road is to run through the centre of theState,
without a particular local knowledge of the State,
he would be justified in supposing that it would
run through the best and most thickly-settled
portions of the State; but if he was intimately ac-
quainted with it he would find that the road runs
about half-way between the rivers on the east and
those on the west. The country is well timbered
near to the great rivers and upon their trtbuiai les,
but about the line of this road you will find vast
prairies, ten, twenty, and some even thirty miles
wide, without a stick of timber, and dead levels,
sometimes too wet for cultivation. It so happens
that this road runs through this vast prairie region
where there is the least settlement, wealth, and
improvement of any portion of the State, and
where there is the greatest necessity for a channel
of communication to the markets. The land at
present thus situated will, by means of this im-
provement, be reclaimed, and made susceptible of
cultivation and production.
Mr. DAWSON. Wt.ll, but this road four
hundied miles long will be of no use to the public
unless it passes through that section of the coun-
try which is populated.
Mr. DOUGLAS, (in his seat.) There is some
population.
Mr. DAWSON. I submit now to the honor-
able Senator and to the Senate whether, in the
counties through which this road is to run, the
lands have not for the most part been disposed of
by the Government?
Mr. DOUGLAS. With the exception of the
county at the northern end of the road, my im-
pression is that more than half of the whole of
the lands along the line are still vacant; in most of
the counties, I think in two-thirds of them, it is
so. I speak only at landom, and from my gen-
eral knowledge of the country, but such is my be-
lief. The road tuns through several fine towns,
j such as Bloomington, for instance, and for five or
| six miles immediately aiound the towns the land
] is all taken up and cultivated, but there are also
laige prairies where the land is still vacant; and
my impression is that the large majority of these
lands is still vacant.
Mr. DAWSON. I wish to view this question,
not upon the principle oniy, but upon its applica-
tion to the case now before us. If all these lands
were undisposed of by the Government, six miles
of land through the interior of the Stale of Illinois
will be transferred to that State, whether it passes
through the most feitile or the poorest of the lands
of that State; and going through the State, it must
strike more than three-quarters of their best sec-
tions. But suppose you cannot get contiguous
sections for perhaps fifteen or twenty mil&, to the
right and left of this road—you may go for miles
where you cannot strike the public hinds—what
will he the result of this bill? Why you may go
jj ten miles off and take your section there, and if
you cannot find it theie—if there are noi lands
contiguous to this route—you may go twenty or
thirty miles and select lands which will be appro-
priated. if there are no lands contiguous to this
route, you can travel right and left of it to any
extent, until you find enough to make six miles
in width throughout the whole State. Here, then,
you may pass through one county, and if you find
j no public lands there, you can go into an adjacent
! county and find land there. Here you have an
j appropriation of one million and a half of acres of
f the public lands, not in the line of the railroad at
1 all, but lying in the State of Illinois. Now, the
] principle which has been established by Congress
, on tins question is to appropriate contiguous
lands—the lands over which the internal impiove-
! ments run, or the railroad passes; the lands being
unoccupied by your citizens, you invite population
there in order to increase their value and make a
disposition of them. Now that principle does not
apply here, it may apply ten miles at a time, and
perhaps fifty miles, but beyond that it will riot
apply at all. But you do not make the appropri-
ation upon that principle at all. You make it as
a donation, and you allow the lands to be found
anywhere wuhm the State of Illinois. That is
one objection which I have to the l^ll.
Now, sir, when you come to the State of Mis-
