1850.
THE CQXQJtESSIONAL GJLOBE.
xfm
Mr. HALE. They were stated to me by a
me nber of the House.
Mr. CASS. It is a very loose charge.
Mr. HALE. They have been stated to me
since the decision of the Senate on this question as.
having been proved before the committee in the
other House. I do not make insinuations; I
speak the plain facts as they are given to me.
And if they.are highly honorable to Mr. Ritchie,
he may have the advantage of them. I have
nothing to say about that.
Mr. SOULE. As 1 am the mover of the amend-
ment which has just been assailed by the Senator
from New Hampshire, I deem it my duty to say
a few words in answer to what has fallen from his
lips. The charges preferred by the Senator have
not come before the Senate in any shape that could
command its consideration; and when I moved the
amendment I had not heard of them, nor can I
heed them now, brought forth as they are in such
intangible terms.
Sir, I consider this matter from a point of view
from which nothing that is selfish or unworthy
can be reached by the eye. I shall not be accused
of being actuated by an unwarrantable partiality
for the person immediately connected with the con-
tract s&ught to be modified by the amendment. I
cannot divest myself of the opinion that the Gov-
ernment is presumed always to be unwilling to
ruin any man through the execution in good faith
of any contract which he may have entered into
with them; and I deem it my duty, under the
promptings of a sense of equity, to let this con-
tractor be relieved from all loss which he may
have sustained, and besides receiving ten per
cent, upon the amount of whatever work he may
execute. Now, if we were to consider in the ab-
stract the ten per cent, thus allowed by the amend-
ment in the shape of profit, it would seem that we
are making a donation of something like fifteen or
twenty thousand dollars; but when the Senate
takes into consideration that there is a capital em-
ployed in carrying on this contract, that there is a
wear and tear of material arid machinery employed,
that they will find that the allowance will leave
but a very limited profit, in all probability less
than nine to ten thousand dollars. Under the cir-
cumstances of the case I cannot consider that I am
doing injustice to the country or to the contractor
by offering the amendment on the table.
Mr. CASS. I wish to say but a word. 1 ask
the Senator from New Hampshire if he believes
that Mr. Ritchie made the declaration he has
charged him with—that he took the contract
knowing he would lose money by it?
Mr. HALE. I said the original contractors.
Mr. CASS. They must have been fools, then.
But I ask the Senator from New Hampshire if he
believes a word of it? Does he believe that any
man out of a mad-hou^ would go round and
make such declarations Krthe world ? No man in
his senses can believe it, sir.
The question being then taken on concurring in
the amendment, resulted as follows:
YEAS—Messrs. Atchison, Badger, Bell, Bright, Cass,
Cfay, Cooper, Davis of Mississippi, Dawson, Dickinson,
Dndfie of Iowa, Downs, Foote, Gwin, Houston, Hunter,
Jones, Mason, Morton, Piatt, Rusk, Sebastian, Seward,
Shields, Soul6, Walker, Whiteomb, ami Yulee—28.
NAYS—Messrs. Baldwin, Benton, Chase, Davis of Mas-
sachusetts, Ewmg, Felch, Hale, Hamiin, Norris, Smith
Spruance, Underwood, and Winthrop—13.
So the amendment was concurred in.
The amendments of the Committee of the Whole
having thus all been concurred in—
Mr. CHASE. 4 offer the following amendment:
"For purchasing a site and commencing the erection of
& suitable fire-proof building in the city ot* St. Louis, Mis-
souri, for a custom-house and independent treasury, and
other offices of the United States, the sum of $50,000; the
whole cost of the building not to exceed the sum of $75,000:
Provided, That the building shall be exempted from city
taxes, andall other taxes whatever by act ot the Legislature of
Missouri.
"For the purchase of a site and construction of a proper
building at Cincinnati, in Ohio, for a custom-house, inde-
pendent treasury, and other offices of the United States,
$50,000, provided that the total cost of construction shall
not exceed $75,000; provided, also, that said building shall
be exempted from city and all other taxes whatever, by act
of the Legislature of Ohio."
Mr. President, I wish to state very briefly to
the Senate the reasons why this amendment ought
to prevail. When I addressed the Senate on this
subject on a former day, it was very briefly, and
without that full information which I have since
obtained.
Both the appropriations proposed have been
recommended by the late and by the* present Sec-
retary of the Treasury. They have, therefore,
the sanction of the department which has com-
manded the assent of the Senate to*ail appropria-
tions thus recommended, except these. They
have also received the sanction of two committees,
of this body—the Committee on Commerce and
the Committee on Finance. I speak only for Cin-
cinnati; the Senator from Missouri [Mr. Benton]
will speak, for St. Louis. The city of Cincinnati
had in 1840 but 46,000 inhabitants. It has now
130,000. Its imports and exports in 1847-8 ex-
ceeded, respectively, $60,000,000.
Mr. DOWNS. Is not the Senator mistaken?
Mr. CHASE. X do not refer to foreign com-
merce alone, but the total commerce of the city,
foreign and domestic. The. net revenue from the
post office collected at Cincinnati last year, accord-
ing to the Blue Book, exceeded $52,000. I have
before me a letter from the Secretary of the Treas-
ury, in which he states that the revenue from cus-
toms collected in that city during the six months
ending on the 31st of December, 1849, was $65,091,
making $130,000 a year. These two items would
make the aggregate revenue of Government from
these sources nearly $200,000 per annum. The
offices for the accommodation of which the pro-
posed building is required are, first, those of the
customs; next, those of depository of the public
moneys; and, finally, the post office, the large and
important business of which requires extensive
accommodation.
The sum proposed to be appropriated is not
large. A fair rent of proper buildings in proper
situations for the offices which 1 desire to provide
for could hardly be less than six thousand dollars
a year. The erection of a proper building at the
cost proposed would therefore be a saving to the
Government. Sir, we have been liberal to other
cities; we have given $200,000 in this bill to New
Orleans, for continuing the construction of a cus-
tom-house; to Charleston, whose commerce is not
greater than that of Cincinnati, $100,000 for the
same purpose; to Norfolk $50,000; and so on.
We have agreed on an amendment appropriating
$50,000 for a.custom-house at Bangor, Maine, and
I voted for it. And now, sir, while we vote thus
liberally for custom-houses all along the Atlantic
and Gulf coast, shall nothing be done for the West?
Is it right that demands, so reasonable as we now
make, should be refused ? Shall not the important
public business, conducted in citiesso importantas
Cincinnati and St. Louis, be suitably andfairly ac-
commodated? I will not trespass further.on the
indulgence of the Senate, and I cannot doubt, if
Senators will only consider these simple facts, that
what we wish will be granted without hesitation.
I will only add that I have joined these proposi-
tions, for Cincinnati and St. Louis, with the as-
sent of the distinguished Senator from Missouri,
[Mr. Benton,] because they stand on precisely
the same ground, and are, in every respect,enti-
tled to the same consideration.
. Mr. BENTON. We renew the attempt to pro-
cure a litle justice for two cities of the great West—
St. Louis and Cincinnati—and shall continue to
renew it until we succeed. We are entitled to suc-
cess; and in the confidence of ultimate triumph,
we shall work on, regardless of temporary defeat.
It is now eight o'clock at night; the Senate has
been in session ten hours; the fatigue of many is
great, and the impatience of all extreme; but the
Senate must bear with us while we endeavor to
obtain those facilities, and that security, for doing
the business of the United States in two great eities
of the West, which are readily granted to the
small towns of tfce Atlantic coast.
Appropriations for these buildings in St. Louis
and Cincinnati have been separately offered, and
separately rejected. We now offer them together,
and will see them succeed or fail together. The
Senator from Ohio [Mr, Chase] has plead the
cause of Cincinnati: I address myself to that of
St. Louis, and commence with showing that I
have divested the language of the appropriation
of the enumeration of offices, to which objection
was taken, and confine it to those for which the
statute book has plenty of precedents—those pre-
cedents without which the class of legislative
lawyers can do nothing. I leave out the court,
rooms, the post office, the land office, the record-
er's office, surveyor general's office, superintend-
ent of Indian affairs, quartermaster's, commis-
sary's, and paymaster's office, pension agent,
and army sprgeon, and cojifiae myself to the cus-
tom-heuse ana sub-treasury. I mean that I leave.
them out of the, enumeration: I do,not leave them
out of the purview and meaning of the appropria-
tion. I conform to the practice—pass the law for.
one. buildjng, and then make, it large, enough for
all. This is. the way it is done in other instances,
and seems to be a great relief to the consciences,
of gentlemen.
I am better.prepared now than I was three days
ago to do justice to this subject. Since then I
have received a letter from St. Louis, giving the
authentic and detailed information which ~ the.
Treasury files here cannot yet supply. The re-
ceipts of the custom-house at St. Louis are much,
greater thap was supposed a/id rapidly increas-
ing, In the first seven months of this year—
from January 1 to August 1—the receipts were
$107,987. The entries in hand to be collected be-
fore the end of September were $25,215, which,
added to the actual receipts, will give §133,000 for
the first nine months of the year. The remain-
ing quarter may be safely estimated at $40,000,
thus giving above $170,000 for the year. This is
a considerable sum in itself; but entitled to more
consideration from the rapidity of its increase,
which is at the rate of an annual duplication.
This year is double the last, and the last was,
double its antecessor; so that we may judge the
next year's receipts to be double tho-e of this
year—to amount to some $350,000, or more than
double the amount of the appropriation asked.
And the post office revenue, and the United States,
revenue from St. Louis in 1851, will probably ex-
ceed $400,000. The last published return—Blue
Book of 1849—gives near $30,000 for the net
proceeds of that office—to be precise, $29,28 780,
-and constantly increasing. These two offices,
then, the custom-house and the post office, will
yield more than double as much in the year 1851
as we know ask. I say now, for although there
is a limitation in the appropriation, yet it is mere
guess-work, and to ease the consciences of gentle-
men who always ask a limitation on appropria-
tions, whether they are to be observed or not.
Wewanta proper building, and may ask more.
We may go beyond the limitation, but not so far
as a public building in this city, which began
upon a limitation of $150,000, and is now verging
upon $1,100,000. NxH so far as that; but, per-
haps, as far as the Boston custom-house, which
began upon $50,000 and went up to $400,000.
This latter sum would about construct a public
edifice at St. Louis worthy of the uses to which
it would be applied, and worthy to raise its head
in such a city. White marble should be its ma-
terial—the beautiful and stainless white marble of
Cape Girardeau, which now descends the Missis-
sippi for the public buildings in the capital of
Louisiana, and should ascend it for the construc-
tion of the public buildings in the first capital of
the Upper Louisiana, and now the commercial
capital of the Great West.
Economy requires this building to be erected;
for the rents now paid exceed the interest of the
sum now asked. The custom-house rents are
$1,200; the post office $1,000; others increase the
aggregate to near $10,000; which is more than the
interest on the sum proposed.
Safety requires it; for all the public offices now
in St. Louis are in combustible buildings, exposed «
to the accident of every conflagration, and many
of them in tenements which invite the attack of
fire. Public records and public property should
not be left in such a precarious condition.
The commerce and business of St. Louis require
this accommodation? It is a population of eighty
thousand souls, quadrupling in ten years, and com-
mercial beyond all example for its numbers. What
is eighty thousand now, in 1850, was twenty thou-
sand m 1840; and, at the same rate, will be three
hundred and twenty thousand in 1860; and will
continue to increase, if not in the same ratio, still
at a great rate as long as water runs m the King
of Floods, or grass grows in the Q,ueen of Val-
leys. Its commerce is out of all proportion to its
numbers. It is the commerce of millions of peo-
ple instead of the city population. It is the com-
merce of all the rivers of the Great West, of which
it is the vortex and the centre—the commerce of
the lakes on which those rivers border—of the
mountains from which they take their rise—of the
countries which lie beyond the mountains—which
stretch to Santa Fe aod Chihuahua, to the gold
