THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
April 29,
mcnt. Now, in the transportation of the mails,
these railroads require extravagant prices—there
being no competition in many places at all—and,
in fact, dictating their own terms. Every one
who is at all familiar with this subject knows that
it has been a matter of controversy for many
years past. I think it is important that this mat-
ter be investigated, and that Congress should re-
quire the road to transport the mail at reasonable
prices, I think it is proper and right to give this
land for the purpose of establishing a railroad, but
it is better, at the time we are giving it, to prevent
' them from having the entire control of the matter,
and using it as a monopoly. It is not reasonable
to suppose that Congress will ever require the
mails to be carried at a price by which the railroad
would lose, and X prefer that it should be at such
prices as Congress may direct.
Mr. KING. Mr. President, I think with tny
friend from Texas that it is very unfortunate that
the States in chartering railroads have not im-
posed upon them the necessity of carrying the
United States mail at a fair price. It ought to
have been done in every instance, and great in-
convenience has resulted from its not being done.
Unfortunately there is a doubt in the minds of
many gentlemen as to whether we have the right,
strictly speaking, to coerce them to carry the mail
at our prices. We know that in one instance it
was necessary to carry the mail around Baltimore,
and down the bay, at considerable loss of time
and expense, because the railroad company would
not carry the-mail at what we considered a fair
price, i entirely concur with my honorable friend
that we should by some means or other avail our-
selves .of the facilities afforded by these railroads to
transport the mails, and I hope that the amend ment
he has proposed may be adopted. I am perfectly
satisfied that Congress will not be disposed to
have the mail carried for less than a fair equiva-
lent, and beyond that the companies have no right
to ask.
Mr. HTJNTER. I move to strike out " at such
priccs as Congress may direct," and insert "free
of charge." it seems to me that we ought to be
en titled to have the mail carried over this proposed
road free of charge. We are giving a great deal
to this railroad, and it seems to me that such a
donation as this—something like one million five
hundred thousand acres—would be very slightly
compensated for by carrying the mail fiee.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The amend-
ment of the honorable Senator from Virginia is
not in order.
Mr. RUSK. The amendment that I offered is
an amendment to an amendment. It places the
whole matter under the control of Congress. It
is but right and proper that they should be al-
lowed something for the transportation and deliv-
ery of the mail at the different places along the
route. A fair late of compensation would be
about the same rate as is paid for other freight,
which would be much less than we now pay.
Mr. HUNTER. It does not meet the views
that I have. We are entitled to have the mails
earned fiee for this donation. If Congress chooses
hereafter to give them something to carry the
man, they can do so; but I wish it to be under-
stood by that company that we have given them
all ihat liiey have a right to ask, even for the ser-
vice of carrying the mails.
it seems to me, also, that we are denarting from
the piinciple assumed in this bill—1 mean the
principle of giving alternate sections. It is noth-
ing n ore nor less than an appropriation of so much
land for internal improvement, precisely similar
in p 11nc of principle to an appropriation of money.
I know, sir, theie is a diffeience of opinion m re-
lation to that subject. I do not propose to go into
the mutter; but it seems to me that we are depart-
ing from the principle heretofore established in re-
lation to the powers of Government to appropriate
public lands. Heretofore we have made these
appropriations upon the principle and the ground ;
that we weie enhancing the value of our own
property, while we are now acting upon a differ- !
ent principle. 1
The question being then taken upon the amend- I
ment submitted by Mr. Rusk, it was agit ed to. !'
Mr. JONES submitted an amendment to the i
bill, the object of which was understood to be to
secure the location of a branch of the proposed i
road by a route "via Galena, Illinois, to Dubuque, !i
 owa. He observed that it would increase the if
distance some twelve or fifteen miles only, while
it extended the road to the Mississippi river, in-
stead of terminating it at an inland town.
The question being taken upon the amendment,
it was adopted.
Mr. BUTLER inquired where the railroad was
to go by the amendment just adopted.
The PRESIDING OFFICER said that'it would
not be in order now to take it up, but it could be
considered when reported to the Senate.
Mr. BUTLER acquiesced, and took his seat.
Mr. SHIELDS moved to amend the first sec-
tion of the substitute reported from the Committee
on Public Lands, by inserting the words, " accord-
ing to the line already established by law," the
effect of which is to direct the construction of the
railroad in question, "according to the line,"&e.
Mr. KING. I do not precisely understand the
object of the Senator in introducing this amend-
ment; but it occurs to me that it will incumber the
bill, if we attempt to designate the line. It is for
the State to decide. They charter the company,
or execute it themselves, and lay down the route,
according as they think it most convenient for the
interests of the country through which it passes.
Mr. SHIELDS, (interposing.) Will the Sen-
ator allow me to explain? The route from the
mouth of the Ohio river to the southern terminus
of the Illinois and Michigan canal has already
been established by law, and partly made. A
large expenditure of money has been made upon
that line. The intention of the amendment is to
confine the route to that line. I presume it is al-
ready done, but I wished to make it more specific,'
that it might be understood to be confined to that
line.
Mr. KING. I cannot yet understand the ne-
cessity of the amendment; for we ought to leave
that matter to be regulated by the State.
Mr. SHIELDS. The State of Illinois has al-
ready regulated it.
Mr. KING. Then, where is the necessity of
our action upon it?
Mr. SHIELDS. I merely wish to make the
bill conform to the regulation of the State of Illi-
nois.
Mr. FOOTE. I wish to make the single sug-
gestion, that the amendment will have the effect,
to some extent, of embarrassing the action of the
government of Illinois upon that point. It may
be necessary to modify the route, and Illinois
should be left to do what is expedient with regard
to that matter.
Mr. DOUGLAS. Allow me to make a sugges-
tion. The bill, as originally drawn, was intended
to be fixed so as to recognize the route of the State
of Illinois. I think that is the legal effect of it
now; but my colleague wishes to give it a greater
certainty by adding these words. The object of
it is to let them know how far to select the line. It
; is a guide to the government in the selection of a
, line; and I think, therefore, that the objections
| raised to it are not well founded. It is recognizing
a line already established, and upon which a mil-
j boil of doilais lias already been laid out, and a
! mute already established bylaw in the State of
Illinois.
j Mr. BUTLER. I am satisfied that the gentle-
I men do not fully understand the consequences of
| their pioposition. I suppose Illinois is a corpora-
J tion, acting under corporate powers. We can .
, give the corporation of Illinois such a road as that i
! corporation shall think proper to lay down, but j
we can annex no conditions that will control that j
corporation at all. By the amendment, you would 1
concede to this Government a power over that '
j corpoiatinn, and m tact enable the Government of I
I the United States to model the action of the cor- i
j poration. We have no right to charter a railroad. I
I presume gentlemen will concede that much, al- 1
; though some few maintain the right to cut a canal '■
through a mountain, or such a great work; ytt not ■
! many will maintain that the Congress of the United :
States can give a charter to modify the action of a I
corporation or to control it in any way. This ;
amendment will either be nugatory or have that I
effect. I cannot admit the principle at all that-we j,
may say it shall go to this place or to that place.
Mr. SHIELDS, The points of termini are al- j
ready established. !
Air. BUILLR, (in his seat.) That is merely
a description. 1 \
Mr. SHIELDS. I will say that the State of ^
Illinois has already established a line of the road, |!
! and has graded it; and that the State of Illinois has
| instructed us to use our efforts here to obtain an
j appropriation for this specific line. In accordance
I with those instructions, I thought it my duty to
; offer this amendment, but I will not press it. I
j withdraw it. •
I Mr. CHASE moved to amend the amendment^
so as to restrict the right of way to sixty feet, in-
stead of two hundred; and remarked that m the first
place he did not know what was meant by the ex-
pression in the original, that " the right of way
shall not exceed one hundred feet on each side of
the length thereof."
Mr. DOUGLAS. It means from one end of the
road to the other.
Mr. CHASE. Then, sir, the language does
not express what is meant. If it means one hun-
dred feet on each side of the road, then the language
needs correction.
Mr. DOUGLAS. If the Senator will make the
amendment, 1 will correct it.
Mr. CHASE. Then, sir, 1 presume that every
one knows that a width of two hundred feet, or
j even one hundred feet, is entirely unnecessary. It
I will embarrass the company, rather than benefit
j them. All the use that can be made of it is to
j give a sufficient space for depots, warehouses, and
things of that sort; and certainly it will be im-
proper to cede, throughout the length of the road,
a width of two hundred feet for anything of that
sort.
Mr. KING. This is a very little matter; and I
will not consume the time of the Senate with it.
The object is simply to protect the road from the
long timber. In order to keep the road safe, it is
necessary that the timber should be taken away
for that distance, so that it cannot be thrown, by
any ordinary fall, across the road. I do n^t think
it is necessary to make any change in this respect,
for it secures safety in traveling.
The question being taken upon the amendment,
it was rejected.
The question then recurred upon the amend-
ment reported from the Committee on Public
Lands. .
Mr. WALKER. The amendment of which I
spoke, before this amendment was adopted, I wish
now to move, for 1 suppose it will be in order, i
submit the motion to strike out all that part of the
bill which increases the price of the lands reserved.
Upon that amendment I wish to say a word in
reply to what was said by the Senator from Illinois,
who sits across the way, fMr. Shields.] After
what he said, I might not make this motion, if it
were not for the peculiar position in which I deem
myself and my colleague to stand in relation to
this subject. A memorial has passed our legisla-
ture which amounts to instructions to us upon the
subject of donations of the public lands to actual
settlers. 1 know of no proposition which could
meet with more opposition in that State than one
to raise the price of the public lands. Our people
look upon that as a matter which concerns the
rights of man; not of men living in Illinois or
Wisconsin, or in any other State, but wherever
they may live. They look at this with a deeper
principle than a refeience to any State. They
object to the policy of selling these lands at all,
deeming it a right that the community have to use
j the public lands as a means to enjoy the right to
; 'lve- And Ihey would be strongly opposed To any
I proposition for increasing the price of any of the
1 public lands. I oeliece there is not a State in the
Union, sir, in which this system of speculating in
; the public lands is more m'disiepute than m Wis-
consin. 1, therefore, m obedience to the institu-
tions of my State, so far fioni synrtionifi"' any
j proposition to increase the price, shall deem my-
self under obligation to do what I can to ictnove
the price of public lands, for the purpose of ^rant-
ing them to actual settlers. a
I look upon it, sir, as a matter of national inter-
est. I am confident that the intimation „f the Sen-
ator from Illinois, whs hardly applicable; which
was, that it was perhaps better forme to let Illinois
manage this matter for herself. I ,„ust remark
that there has seemed to n.e to i,e a little mconsist- ,
ency in this matter. In one breath, we are told
that it ISA nation,il work. It connects Boston,
through the roundabout way of the hikes, with the
city ot Mobile. Well, sir, there happens to lie a
little spot of earth upon that very route called Wis-
consin. It is proposed that the Congrei-s of the
United States shall grant these lands, and 1 hap-
