1946
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
Sept. 2^,.
mines of California, and the waters of the Ore-
gon. Gentlemen must get rid of their old ideas
which confined navigation to the ocean, and com-
merce to the sea-coast. These were respectable
ideas in their day, but they have had their day,
and must now give place to new ones. Progres-
tion is the order of the day in this seventieth
century of the age of the world. Everything is
now in progress, and nothing more rapidly and
strikingly than the extension of commerce and
navigation to the great rivers of the great West.
Every great river is a channel for navigation; each
of its shores are commercial depositories; its lead-
ing towns are commercial cities. Steam has worked
this change. St. Louis—the distance measured
by time and money—is nearer to the sea than New
. Orleans was before steam power came in aid of old
navigation. The commercial cities of the West
rival and eclipse many on the sea-coast which fig-
ure in history, and are borne upon the statute book
as ports of entry, and ornamented with a splendid
custom-house. I could name "dozens which, all
together, would not equal St. Louis—St. Louis in
1850—to say nothing of it ten, twenty, fifty years
hence. Her daily transactions frequently amount
to millions, The tonnage at her wharf is a mass
of steamboats, crowded upon each other, meas-
ured by the mile, and lying three, four, and five
deep. The daily aspect of her front, or water
street, is that of an incumbered Zeuee, alive with
people, jammed and piled with evety imaginable
product of commercial exchange, and the activity
that of a great emporium. I happened to say
once, in this Chamber, that I saw more commerce
on the wharf at St. Louis the day I left there, than
I had seen in all my voyage thence to Washing-
ton. The declaration was considered extravagant;
but it was immediately repeated by a Senator from
another State, and appliable to another day. Mr.
Young, of Illinois, said that he had come on a
week later and saw the same thing; and so it may
now be seen any day. St. Louis is a great com-
mercial city, becoming greater every day, and
will continue to aggrandize forever. The United
States have about fifteen offices ther«s and not a
place to put one in—all in hired, or borrowed ten-
ements, and all liable to be burnt up, with their
contents, at any moment. She is deriving a large,
increasing revenue from that place, and we now
ask to spend a modicum of what she receives in
putting up a building for herself—a building re-
quired by economy and safety,—justified by pre-
cedent—and such a one as should not be ashamed
to raise its head in such a city.
Mr. UNDERWOOD. I thought this matter
had been settled the other day, but if it is to be
gone into again, I feel bound to move an amend-
ment to the amendment. I suppose it is intended
to be followed by a proposition which was offered
the other day for a custom-house at Cincinnati.
Mr. SEWARD. That isthe proposition now.
Mr. UNDERWOOD. Well, I intend to bring
the subject to the consideration of the Senate, and
I have prepared an amendment, as follows:
" For the purchase of a eit«* and erecting a custom-house
at Louisville, tin; sum of StoOjOOO, the whole cost of the
building not to excef<1 the sum of §60,000: Provided, That
the same shall be exempted from all State and city taxation."
My proposition originally included Cincinnati;
but, as the Senator from Ohio has provided for
Cincinnati, I have modified my proposition so as
to make it applicable solely to the city of Louis-
'ville, that we may see whether we can get these
appropriations for these three cities. And, although
I am satisfied that ^hey should go together, I think
it can be demonstrated, from the facts 1 presented
the other day, that Louisville is just as much en-
title^ to a custom-house as either of those places,
I will admit that her commerce is not quite so ex-
tensive _ as that of St. Louis, but 1 believe that a
comparison of the bulk of the business, as com-
pared with that of Cincinnati, would prove most
favorable to Louisville. There are not so many
people, £ admit, but there is almost if not quite as
much business. 1 therefore offer the amendment
to provide for Louisville.
Mr. PRATT. I move that the Senate now
adjourn.
The motion was not agreed to.
Mr. CHASE. I wish to say but a word to the
Senator from Kentucky. I am the last man in the
world to throw anything in the way of a provision
for Louisville. 1 desire her prosperity and her
advancement, and i would be very glad to give her
that which the Senator asks; and whenever the I
proposition can be submitted to the Senate, rec-
ommended by the department, and endorsed by
the proper committee, I will vote for it. I have
no doubt that the Senator can obtain that endorse-
ment at the next session.
Now, I ask the Senator if he will not exhibit
the magnanimity of withdrawing his amendment
for this occasion, because, if it be pressed, there
are many others, also without the endorsement of
the department and committees, which must like-
wise come in? I trust the Senator will see the
propriety of withdrawing his amendment.
Mr. DAWSON. I move to amend the amend-
ment by adding, " Augusta, in the State of Geor-
gia, on the Savannah river;" and tor this reason:
Ther<  is a free population there, and they produce
$5,000,000 of one particular production, independ-
ent of a great many others, and as yet not the first
proposition has been made by the General Govern-
ment for this great commercial people.
The PRESIDENT. The amendment is not in
order.
Mr. DOWNS. I merely wish to remark, that
if ever there was a question settled by the action
of the Senate, I aupposod this was, after the vote
the other day. We rejected half a dozen similar
propositions, and struck out of the bill one which
was inserted in it by the House. Now, sir, this
1 question is opened again, and the onljrargument
offered for the adoption of the proposition is, that
it is recommended by the department I would
pay proper respect to the department, but I see no
reason why it should select one town in the inte-
rior in preference to another. If we appropriate
for one, we must for five hundred, and I hope we
shall not now set the precedent.
The amendment proposed by Mr. Underwood
was rejected.
Mr, DAWSON demanded the yeas and rays
on Mr. Chase's amendment, and they were or-
dered; and being taken, were as follow:
YEAS—Messrs. Atchison, Bell, Benton, Bright, Chase,
Dickinson, Dod?e of Iowa, Ewing, Gwm, Hale, Hamlin,
Jones, Nmri's, Sebastian, Seward, Shields, Soul6, Wales,
Walker, and Winthrop—20.
NAY'S—Messrs. Badger, Clarkp, Cooper, Davis of Mas-
sachusetts, Davis of Mississippi, Dawson, Down«, Foote,
Houston, Morton, Pe<\rce, Pnitt, Ru*k, Smith, Spruance,
Underwood, Whitcomb, and Yulee—18.
So the amendment was adopted.
Mr. DAWSON. Out of sixty-two Senators
there are only thirty-eight here, and propositions
! rejected in committee, with a full Senate, are now
| brought up and passed, against the will of a ma-
1 jority of the Senate. I therefore move that the
j Senate adjourn, in order that the voice ofthecoun-
j try may be heard in these appropriations,
i Several Senators: "Oh, no; let us go through
with the bill."
Mr. EWING. Why are not the rest of the
Senators here to vote, if they are interested in this
matter?
The motion to adjourn was rejected.
Mr. BRIGHT. I desire to offer the following
amendment:
"To aid in thp construction of a marine hospital at Evans
vilie, Indiana, 010,COO."
I have but a few words to say in explanation of
this amendment. This bill appropriates eight mil-
lions of dollars, and the word "Indiana" is not
contained m it once. I am very sorry that a sense
of duty compels nie to introduce her name into the
bill; but so urgent is the necessity for the erection
of a building ot this kind at that point, that I must
insist upon the amendment. If i am compelled to
give reasons for it, I can easily prove that this ne-
cessity clearly exists. • *
Mr. FOOTE. 1 decidedly approve of this prop-
osition, and I was about to offer a similar amend-
ment for the erection of a marine hospital at Yicks-
burg, where there is an equal necessity for the
erection of one.
Mr. HAMLIN. I think the amendment offered
by the Senator from Mississippi is a strong argu-
ment against the whole. There are a great many
petitions for similar appropriations, but I have
already stated the reason why they should not be
adopted.
Mr. ATCHISON. There seems to be a good
deal of irritation since the adoption of the amend-
ment of the Senator from Ohio, [Mr. Chase.]
| Now, sir, as for the State of Missouri, I do not
; belie\e the General Government ever appropriated
| fifty thousand dollars within the limits of that State.
I know it may be said that large grants of bind
have been made —■
Mr. FOOTE. I call the Senator to order.
Mr. ATCHISON. I was coming to the point
about Vicksburg directly. [Laughter.]
The PRESIDENT. It is not in order for the
Senator to debate, on an amendment offered, the
passage of an amendment which "has been already.
adopted.
Mr. ATCHISON. * I was saying, sir, that there
never had been, within my knowledge, fifty thou-
sand dollars appropriated to Missouii by the Gen-
eral Government. it is true that there were five
hundred thousand acresoflarid granted to her,but
it was against her consent, and against the votes
of her members both in the Senate and the House.
It is strange to me, under this state of things, that
the Senate should not have been ready and willing,
even without solicitation, to vote the amount which
has been appropriated to St* Louis. On the other
hand, millions have been paid by the people of
Missouri for public lands, and millions of revenue
also have been collected from them through other
sources. I can remember but one single appro-
priation that was made for the use and benefit of
Missouri, and that was for building an arsenal
which couldrfiot have cost more than ten thousand
dollars.
Mr. FOOTE. 1 thought the President ruled the
Senator out of order.
Mr. ATCHISON. I have nothing more to say.
[Laughter.]
Mr. DAVIS, of Mississippi. I intend to dis-
cuss the amendment offered to that of the Senator
from Indiana.
Mr. FOOTE. I have withdrawn it.
Mr. DAVIS, of Mississippi. Then I renew it.
Mr. FOOTE. I withdrew it merely that it might
not embarrass his proposition. However, I will
let it remain as offered.
Mr. DAVIS, of Mississippi. Yes,^f; is better
to let it stand. I am not disposed to load down the
appropriation bill with every proposition which,
may interest only some locality of the country,
and I have generally voted against them, as I vo-
ted against the proposition of the Senator from
Ohio, and which I believe now would not* have
been carried had there been a full Senate. Provis-
ion has been made for marine'hospitalsat Natchez
and Napoleon, but I believe there is no place where
one is more required than at Vicksburg. We
have a fine city hospital at Vicksburg, and receive
there large numbers of indigent sick boatmen, antj
support them by the charity of the city; this Gov-
ernment has never refunded a dollar of the amount
thus paid out. It so happens that the committee
sent to examine favorable locations for these insti-
tutions, ar.ived at Vicksburg under circumstances
peculiarly unfavorable to the city—that is to say,
they were not very cm^hally received by the
mayor; and they reporWi m favor of Napoleon
above, and of Natchez below. And yet, of all the
boatmen thrown there by the circumstances of
trade—including the flatboatmen, and raftsmen,
and steamboatmen—at both places combined to-
gether, they would not equal one half the number
that are thrown ashore at Vicksburg. It is a place
of important commerce; and as the railroad, which
leaves the rivqr at that point, penetrates further
and further into the interior, its commerce will in-
crease, and the number of boatmen thus thrown
j on the charity of the city will also undoubtedly m-
' crease. This is not, therefore, an amendment
j thrown carelessly and unthinkingly before the
! Senate; but if upon this bill appfopriations are to
be made for the construction of new buildings, not
| provided for by former law, at any point, this is an
i amendmeut most imperiously demanded,
j Mr. HAMLIN. I insist that this is a very loose
; mode of expenditure, without a hearing, and with
! nothing authoritative to sustain it. We have voted
i down already a similar amendment, offered, I
i think, by the Senator from Louisiana; and 1 have
! already stated that the Committee on Commerce
I had a large number of memorials on this subject
I before them. But, sir, if this is adopted the other
should be also. I do not mean to deny a word that
my friend from Mississippi has stated—it may be
that point is vastly more desirable than the one
moved for by the Senator from Indiana, but if we
are to go into this matter without investigation,
and in violation of -the general system which the
Government has established, the claims of the
other points should also he considered. s
