1850.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
Mr. BRIGHT. If we are obliged to wait until
it shall be the pleasure of the Committee on Com-
merce to act on this matter before we get an ap-
propriation, I apprehend we shall have to wait
a great while. I have some experience of the
manner in which that committee treat these appli-
cations. There is no point on the Ohio river where
a marine hospital would render more essential ser-
vice to the traveling community than the one
designated in this amendment. It is the point at
which the Wabash and Erie canal terminates, con-
necting the waters of the Ohio, with Maumee lake,
and the town contains- a population of about
8,000. It is the point where nine out of ten of the !
men who follow boating on the Ohio, and belong
to the Wabash valley, land, and the.statistical re-
turns show that there land at that point some ten
thousand persons of this character. During the j
late war with Mexico, when the military were re-
turning home, one half ihe houses in the town ;
were converted into hospitals for the sick and J
weary. I have not pressed this matter upon the I
attention of the Senate for the reason that I have j
supposed some law like that suggested by the Sen- j
ator from Maine, some general measure would be ;
brought forward. This not having been done, I j
have felt it my duty to offer the amendment, and to i
ask in all seriousness for this appropriation. It is [
the only one we have asked for from Indiana in i
this bill. !
I am sorry to see the determination of my
friend from Mississippi to press his application^
in connection with the one which I have pre- i
sented, but 1 feel it my duty to say that there is ij
much good reason for the adoption of the amend- I1
ment he has offered. I know of no point in the p
Mississippi, from the Gulf to the Fails, that is ij
more important for the purpose proposed than ,j
Vicksburg. I know that they have been liberal in [
their charilmto the unfortunate boatmen and trav- jj
elers, _and ™is time that they were, in some de- jj
gree at least, relieved from the heavy tax which is j
thus imposed on them. Although, as I said be- i
fore, I regret the introduction of the amendment ]
of my friend from Mississippi, as an amendment
to my provision, yet I am prepared to vote for it,
and then I believe both ought to prevail.
Mr. DAWSON. If I am not mistaken, there
13 a marine hospital at Paducah, and another at
Louisville, and now one is proposed to be estab-
lished at Evansville, a point between these two
places.
Mr. BRIGHT. It is on the opposite side of the
river.
Mr. DAWSON. On the opposite side of the i
river! Why, I suppose it can be as easily found j
on one side as the other. This is not an appro- j
priation merely for the benefit of a State, but for j
the purpose of relievingvthose engaged in com- j
merce. Sir, if we are traomtnence this system, j
what limit is there to be to these appropriations? |
I am satisfied that my friend from Indiana, on a j
former occasion, laid down the true principle upon |
which appropriations should be made in this bill, j
as a statesman should. First, whenever a law
called for an appropriation, let it be made; second,
wheneij^r an estimate is made and sent from the
departments for a particular object, then let the
appropriation be made; and, third, whenever it is
proposed by a joint resolution of the two Houses,
let it be made. Now, what is he doing ? Why,
laying the foundation for an appropriation without
an estimate or any of the prerequisites he himself
laid down in favor of it. And my friend from
Indiana, too, opposed the proposition for the ex-
tension of this Capitol, on the ground that it was
an appropriation of $200,000, which might amount
to millions, and he wished to know the plan, the
estimate, and all that, hefore he could be prenared
to give it his vote. But now, it seems, if you
only strike on the other side of the Ohio river,
you may mike an appropriation without an esti-
mate, report, or suggestion, save what fell from the
Senator's own lips.
Sir, we are afloat in this matter, and without
limitation, and if we abandon the old principles
upon which appropriations have been heretofore
made by the Government, we may never hope to i
see an end to similar appropriations in the civil j
and diplomatic bill. It is said by the Senator that •
this is the only appropriation for which he has '
asked. I admire his modesty, sir, and still more
his patriotism., But neither has the State which I
in part represent—for one reason, perhaps; be-
cause, from its peculiar locality, it does not require
as much. But I am willing to vote as liberally as
any man the appropriations which are necessary
for the convenience of the country, its commerce,
or the protection of the revenue. I want to do it,
however, upon a principle by which I may readily
comprehend the extent of what I am doing. What
is the result now of the action of this Congress?
Why, sir, our appropriations now amount to over
$50,000,000. And soon the cry will be, the Ad-
ministration now in power has appropriated the
whole of the public money. The people will be
told that the Administration is in a minority in
both branches of Congress, and that all these ap-
propriations are properly chargeable on the dom-
inant party in Congress.
Mr. DICKINSON. I should like to know what
party that is. [Laughter.]
Mr. DAWSON. Jt is the one to which my
friend from New York belongs, and he has shown
his sagacity by attempting to cut down the appro-
priations, for he knows where the responsibility
rests. I desire now only to state that it cannot be
said that these appropriations were called for by
estimates from the departments. The Senate dis-
regards those estimates, and goes beyond them,
and makes the appropriations merely to suit their
own convenience. There is the difference which
I wish the people to understand
Mr. BRIGHT. There is nothing inconsistent
with my present and past position m connection
with this bill. I did resist at the commencement,
every appropriation which I thought was not ger-
mane to the bill, and I continued to resist them up
to a point when amendment after amendment was
being ingrafted on the bill appropriating money for
purposes' which I could not consider so proper as
the present. After the amendments which have
■been adopted to-day, I apprehend there can be no
impropriety in my offering the amendment appro-
priating the small sum of $10,000 to the point
named. If the Senate had adhered to the theory
of appropriation*! laid down, as referred to bv the
Senator from Georgia, I should not have offered :
thisamendment. I refrained from doing so, down to i
the very last moment; but when I saw the appro-
priations that were being made for the erection of
custom-houses and post offices, and a variety of
similar purposes, not near as germane -to the bill
i as this, I felt it my duty at once to offer the
amendment 1 have been seeking to secure the ob-
ject it proposes for a long time, and the amend-
ment is now offered in perfect good faith. There
is no necessity for an estimate at all. All must
know the fact to exisl, the great public necessity
. that a marine hospital should be erected at that
point, and it can be demonstrated by the statistics
: showing the amount of travel there. The Senator
■ from Georgia is correct in saying that there is (ow
! a marine hospital at Paducah, and also one at
Louisville, but he should remember that these are
two hundred and fifty miles distant from each
other. Evansville is situated between them and
on the opposite side of the river. Here is Ken-
i tncky, then, with two marine hospitals, while In-
' diana has not even one. The citizen of Indiana,
I overcome with sickness and unable to travel or to
! take care of himself on the river,must be landed two
I hundred and fifty miles from his proper landing,
or rather go two hundred and fifty miles from
home, in order to get to Kentucky to enjoy the
benefit of one of these hospitals. This is not right,
sir. We are fully entitled to the hospital at the
point I have named, and although this $10,000 is
not sufficient,l apprehend, to erect it, yet it will
aid the efforts tpking by the citizens of the place
! to erect one for raemselves.
i The amendment of Mr. FOOTE (including
! Vicksburg) to the amendment'was then adopted.
[ Mr. SHIELDS. I move that Cairo, Illinois,
' be included. There is no town there now, but
' there will be some day, 1 apprehend. [Laughter.]
The PRESIDENT. Does the Senator persist
j in his motion.
Mr. SHIELDS. Oh, no!
iVIr. HAMLIN. A single remark only. I think,
i sir, that from Maine to Rhode Island there is but
! one single.marine hospital, and that in the State of
: Massachusetts. Thus, with all our vast number
| of seamen, we have not a single hospital in Maine,
; not one in New Hampshire, and but one in Mis-
i Sachusetts. And yet now, without an estimate,
except such as is given by the Senator from Indi-
I ana, without the recommendation of the depart-
ment or the explanation of a committee, and with-
out even mature deliberation, it is proposed to add
to this bill, in violation of the general system, an
appropriation for these two hospitals. If that
shall be considered in accordance with the good
sense of the Senate, I have not a word to say.
Mr. DAVIS, of Massachusetts. In justice So
them, I desire to say that the marine hospital, re-
ferred to in Massachusetts, was built by our saiiora
out of their own funds. -t
The question was then taken on the amendment
as amended, and decided as follows:
YEAS—Messrs. Badaer, Bell, Benton, Bright, Chase,
Clarke, Conper, Davis ofMississippi, D.niqe of Iowa, Downs,
Pelch, Foote, Greene, fiiin, Houston, Jones, Morton, Nor-
ri<=, Rusk, Sebastian, Soul£, Undeiwood, Walker, and
YVliitcomb—24.
NAYS—Messrs. Atchison, Baldwin, Berrien, Davis of
Massachusetts, Dawson. Dickinson, Ewing, Hale, Harniin,
Pearce, Pratt, Seward, Shields, SmiLh, Spruanee, Wales,
Winthiop, and Yulte—18.
So the amendment was agreed to.
Mr. SOULE. 1 deem it my duty to renew the
proposition to amend the bill as 1 attempted to
amend it in committee, with respect to the erection
of a marine hospital at Shreveport, Louisiana, f
need not repeat the considerations which 1 had oc-
casion to urge on the Senate, and which, I trust,
will prompt them to adopt the amendment.
The amendment was rejected.
Mr. FELCH. I desire to offer an amendment,
to come in immediately after the one last adopted.
It is—
"For the erection of a marine hospital at Detroit, Michi-
gan, .520,000."
The objections to the proposition made by the
Senator from Indiana, and which has just been
rejected, seemed to have been that the proper esti-
mates had not been obtained, nor facts sufficient in
regard to it presented to the Senate; but the amend-
ment I now offer is not subject to that objection.
This appropriation was originally recommended
by the Secretaiy of theTreasuiy-,and has also re-
ceived the action of the Committee on Commerce
i in the other House, they having recommended for
I the object in view precisely the amount I have
| proposed. There is no point on the western lakes
or rivers, I apprehend, where a marine hospital is
more needed, as was shown in the return of facta
and statistics made to the department after the
most thorough examination.
The amendment was rejected.
Mr. PRATT. There is a section of the bill
which appropriates the sum of $6,000 for the pay
of the auxiliary guard, being the watchmen of the
city of Washington, which I desire to amend by
specifying the manner in which they shall divide
I this compensation among themselves.
| Mr. DICKINSON. Does it increase the ap-
j propriation ?
i Mr,PRATT. It does not.
i Mr. DICKINSON. What is it, to pay them a
! cross amount or a per diem compensation?
I = Mr. PRATT. They now get one dollar per
1 night while on duty, but if they are sick nothing
I is paid them. The amount appropriated to each
' in my amendment, fifty dollars a month, is the
same as that paid to the public watchmen at the
Capitol, who have much less duty to perform.
Nor does this amendment increase the gross
amount of the appropriation.
Mr. DICKINSON. I suppose the only effect
j of the adoption of the amendment will be to in--
! crease the terrible rush for these places. Make
j this change in the amount, and then men will get
! the places and leave somebody else to do the duty,
j I think the matter had belter remain as in the old
j way.
Mr. DAWSON moved that the Senate adjourn,
il Several Senators. " Oh no; finish the hill."
Ij The motion was rejected.
|; Mr. PRATT. Those watchmen are called upon
f| to perform the most arduous service; to sit up all
M night, and indeed turn night into day, and to give
ji them this small sum of fifty dollars per month, in-
ij stead of a pier diem, surely cannot be considered
!i an extravagant appropriation. These are the guar-
I dians of the property ar.d safety of the people of
; the District, and they should be allowed this small
! pittance.
| The amerdment was rejected.
1 Mr BADGER. I wish to renew a motion
I which I submitted to tlieSenate in committee, and
1 which 1 hope wiil now receive the general anu
