854
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
April 30,
mained out of the State. I would not advocate it
until the release was made. The release has now
beep made and received. I have received from
the Governor of the State a duplicate copy of the
release, with a certificate of its record in the proper
office. I would not advocate this appropriation
until that release was made.
Mr. DAYTON. I have been a little struck
with some of the bearings of this matter as they
have been presented. The Senator on the other
side of the chamber [Mr. Bradbury] proposes to
strike out what would be equivalent to about one-
third of the whole grant. I understand from the
Senator from Illinois [Mr. Douglas] that there is
about the proportion of one-third of the lands on
the whole route which are sold 
Mr. DOUGLAS. 1 think, probably, about
* that—somewhere from one-quarter to one-half.
Mr. DAYTON. The matter, then, comes just
to this point: that when the Government is about
to present to this State a stretch of the public do-
main equal to four hundred miles in length and
four miles m width—for the bill as as it originally
stood was for a stretch of four hundred miles m
length by six miles in width, and the reduction of
one-third will be four miles in width—it is a serious
question whether she will accept it at all or not,
inasmuch as the whole amount asked for is not
granted.
Mr. DOUGLAS. I will suggest a reason why
it is so. It is granted on condition that we make
and complete a railroad the whole length of the
route, and put it in operation within a period of
ten years; and an the further condition that we-
transport over it the Government troops and Gov-
ernment property of every kind free; and, fur-
• ther, that the mails shall be carried at such a price
as Confess shall prescribe; and I really doubt
whether there is enough allowed to enable them
to comply with the condition.
Mr. DAYTON. Most assuredly there is nothing
obligatory in this act. If the act passes, it does
not compel them to take the land. They are in
no worse position than they were before certainly.
If, upon looking into the matter, they find that
they cannot comply with this condition, all they
have to do is not to take the land. It imposes no
obligation upon the State of Illinois. But what
is this tiling?—the compulsory conveyance of
troops and munitions of war? What will that
amount to? Compulsory to carry the United
States mail for a sum which the Government of
the Uniied States shall presciibe! The United
States will pay a fair prire for it. Every man
knows that the Government will not act meanly
and niggardly; and the only good contained in
the provision is to prevent any act of extortion
from the Government. Now, it amounts literally
to nothing at all; it is merely a question whether
the State of Illinois will huld it worth its while
to take a tract four hundred miles in length, and
four miles in w'idth. .
A Senator. Twelve miles.
Mr. DAYTON". 1 do not know how the State
of Illinois would feel, but if it were a proposi-
tion made to New Jersey, or any of the old thir-
teen, I think they would not stand higghng about
a few acres on this side or tint. Now, sir, it
strikes me that this is an exceedingly liberal prop-
osition. I am willing to act with some degi^e of
liberality. 1 have no constitutional scruples about j
it. Nor am I capable of appreciating, in a con- i
stitutional point of view, any very nice distinction j
between giving this land to the State and giving
it to any company that the State may choose to
constitute its agent. I do not see any very nice
distinction between making a donation to a State
to do this work, and to a company that may be
chartered by the State to do the work, provided
the State assumes the obligation of saying that the
work shall be done. I do not see any marked
distinction, in a constitutional point of view, be-
tween the act of this Government by the one or
by the other; and, so far a? any beneficial re-
sults in regard to the Government property comes
from it, their property is equally benefited in the
one as in the other case.
But, sir, it seems to me that this proposition
made by the Senator from Maine [Mr. Bradbury]
isafairand areasonable proposition. It takes away
from the bill one of those aspects or provisions
which, it strikes me, is liable to be improperly
dealt with. There are fruits likely to arise under
this bill authorizing the company, or the State, or
its agents, to go outside the line of the road, and
make a selection elsewhere. It seems to me it is
liable to many objections, interfering with other
interests. Why, if you have a prescribed line of
route laid down, you see exactly then what you
are to give, and the State s$es what it is to take,
and then the thing is ended.
Mr. BRIGHT. I wish to say a word in reply
to a remark of the Senator from Illinois, [Mr.
Douglas.] The Senator remarked that a similar
grant had been made to the State which I have the
honor in part to represent. Lest I should be un-
derstood as resisting a proposition that had been
extended to that State, and unwilling to return it
to the State of Illinois, I beg leave to correct that
statement. The grant made to Indiana for the
completion of the Wabash and Erie canal was
eight hundred thousand acres of land—less than
one-half the amount of this proposed grant. It
was made with the privilege of going through the
interior of the State, but confining the selection of
the land to a certain land district—the oldest and
most populous part of the State, where the lana
had been in market forty years, and a great deal
of it not worth fifty cents an acre. Now, sir,
there is a marked difference between a grant in
this case and that proposed by the terms of this
bill. If we make a grant for the State of Illinois
under the provision of this bill, giving it the right
to go to any part of the State, and select from the
very best lands, then they have the privilege'of the
best lands in the United States; for*there are in Il-
linois some of the best lands to be found, to a great
deal of which the Indian title has been extin-
guished within the last ten years. Upon thesame
principle we must extend the privilege to Iowa and
Wisconsin, Texas and any of the new States.
This bill is asking for Illinois that which I would
not ask for Indiana. I think with the Senator
from New Jersey that a grant of land giving to
Illinois alternate sections within six miles of the
road is a liberal grant. It is doing better by that
State than was done in the case the gentleman has
referred to—the case of Indiana.
Mr. JONES wished to correct a misapprehen-
sion of the Senator from New Jersey, by calling
his attention to the fifth section of this bill, which
provided that the Government of Illinois shall
pay for all lands which may have been sold for the
construction of this railroad, if it is not completed
within a prescribed time; so that the State of Illi-
nois may go on and complete this road, except
say fifty miles at each termini, and for want of
the residue of the means to complete the road, will
be compelled to pay back to the United States the
whole amount of the price of the lands already
sold.
Mr. DAYTON. With the permission of the
honoiable Senator, the mistake was not on my
part, but theie was a misapprehension on the part
of the Senator from Iowa. The State of Illinois
is not bound to go on and construct this road. If
you pass this act, she sees what she has before
her, and accepts it or does not accept it. There
is no obligation incident to the passage of this act
that imposes any obligation upon her.
One word with regard to the matter referred to.
It is said that we give nothing by this act; m
other words, that wc mark the price of the land
up; we give away one section, and then, instead
of holding the other, we mark it up to $2 50.
That is like the Frenchman who marked up his
goods to make them amount to a large sum. We
mark the land up, and keep it in the market foity
years, and then at last say it is good for nothing;
sell it for what you can get for it. I have seen
something of this marking up. I have no faith
in this returning to the Government what is given
to the State, i wish to do the thing with mv !
eyes open. As the owners of the land, I think I
we have a right to deal with it for the public in- '
terests of the country. I do not wish to higgle !
about getting it back cent for cent, if 1 give it .
away, I care not about getting it back. I have no
idea that these alternate sections are goin^ to
bring this double price. I do not think such°has 1
been the experience of this Government. I
The question bewg then taken upon the amend- !|
ment, it was rejected—yeas 15, nays 23; as fol- <
lows: !
YE AS—Messrs. Bell, Bradbury, Bright, Bmlrr, Dawson, I:
JW0", H.inter, wnier, Norrw, riidp*, Pratt, Turney !
Waltfe, Wliitcomb, and Yulet'—15.
NA —Me.-srs. Atchison, Benton, Borland, Cass Cha<-e li
Clay, Cooper, Corwin, Dodge of Iowa, Dodge of Wiscon- ,|
sin, Douglas, Down?, Foote, Houston, JonPf, Kine,Morton,
Sebastian, Seward, Shields, Sturgeon, Underwood, and
Walker—23.
Mr. SHIELDS moved to amend the substitute
by filling the blank designating; the number of
years within which the road is to be completed
with " ten;" which was agreed to.
Mr. BELL inquired if it was now ill order to
move to recommit the bill ?
The VICE PRESIDENT said that it was.
Mr. BELL remarked that he was in favor of the
policy of this bill; but he thought it requited
amendment. He did not propose at this late
1 hour, of course, to go into a discussion of the
questiolt; and if the Senators wished an adjourn-
ment, he would move the Senate do now adjourn.
The question being taken upon the motion, it
was agreed to; and
The Senate adjourned.
HOUSE OP REPRESENTATIVES.
Tuesday, April 30, 1850.
The Journal of yesterday was read and approved.
THE PUBLIC PRINTING.
The SPEAKER announced the following mem-
bers as composing the committee of nine, ordered
yesterday to be appointed, under the resolution of
Mr. Wentworth, to investigate the present condi-
tion of the public printing, &c.: Mr. VVentworth
of Illinois', Mr. Ashmcm of Massachusetts; Mr.
Green of Missouii; Mr. Matteson of New
York; Mr. Holliday of Virginia; Mr. Thomp-
son of Kentucky, Mr. Orr of South Carolina;
Mr. Chandler of Pennsylvania; Mr. Cable of
Ohio.
THE FRANKtlN EXPEDITION.
The SPEAKER announced the business first
m order to be the appeal taken last evening by
the gentleman from Tennessee, [Mr. Jones,] from
the decision of the Chair.
The state of the question was this:
Mr. Jones had moved a reconsideration of the
vote by which the House had, on Friday last, sus-
tained the decision of the Chair, bringing before
the House the joint resolution m relation to the
Franklin Expedition, which joint resolution had
previously passed, by the requirement of the rule,
! from the consideration of the House, and taken its
j place among the business on the Speaker's table.
The Speaker had yesterday ruled that the motion
! to reconsider was not m order, because it was not
| in order to move a reconsideration of a vote upon
j any measure upon which subsequent action had
j been had by the House, which subseqent action
; rendered it impossible for the House to reverse its
j proceeding. The joint resolution referred to had
i been engrossed, read a third time, and passed;
j and a motion to reconsider had been made and
aid upon the tabie. So that, if now the decision
! of the Chair should be reconsidered, no effect
j could result. From this decision Mr. Jones had
i appealed, and, pending the question on the appeal,
the House had adjourned.
The question, therefore, now recurred, " Shall
the decision of the Chair, ruling- out the motion to
reconsider, stand as the judgment of the House;"
Mr. JONES took the floor.
Mr. STANTON, of Tennessee, (interposing)
desned, he said, before the gentleman from Ten-
i nessee [Mr. Jones] proceeded with his remarks,
i to submit a point ot Older to the consideration
of the Chair. When the decision from which
I the gentleman from Tennessee had appealed was
j made by the Chair, on Friday last, n was after
a motion to lay the joint resolution had been
; reconsidered, and the question had lecurred on
j the motion to lay on the table. That motion
' was not debatable. He supposed, and if he was
misiaken he should be happy to he corrected
by the Chair, that in this state of circumstances
the appeal was not debatable. If the appeal was
not debatable then, a motion to reconsider the de-
cision of the House would not be debatable now.
He submitted the point to the decision of the
Chair.
The SPEAKER (assigning a reason of which
but little was heard on the left of the Chair) over-
ruled the point of order, and decided that the ap-
peal was debatable.
Mr. JONES then proceeded with his remarks.
It was not his object, he said, in submitting this
motion, to bring back the joint resolution which
