THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
Sept.S^i
perhaps unanimous approbation of the body, al-
though it was then voted down. The motion is to
strike out the ciause.of the bill providing that- no
Senator shall receive mileage for any called ses-
sion of the Senate within thirty'days after the ad-
journing of the regular session.
Mr. SMITH demanded the yeas and nays, but
they were not ordered.
The.amendment was agreed to.
Mr. DAWSON. I wish to revive the amend-
ment making an allowance of mileage to the Sen-
ator elect from New Mexico, and I wish to make
one or two observations on this subject. I renew
this amendment, inasmuch as I see that the public
funds are rapidly going, because I think a share of
them should be diverted to this object. As I
stated before, this gentleman came here for a very
honest and patriotic purpose. He believed he
was entitled to the dignity of a seat on this floor;
but he was disappointed in that, though not from
any fault of his own. He was sent here by the
people, whom he represents, over a journey of
thousands of miles, to make known their wants to
the Government. I am aware that he was not en-
titled to his seat here, and I voted against his claim
to it; but still he was also an agent of the govern-
ment of that infant State or colony, and, after the
ourney he has made, 1 cannot agree that he should
not be compensated a single dollar. More par-
ticularly, I cannot agree to it when I see thatevery
other of the Delegates have been paid, and,above
all, when we can give a man who travels in a pub-
lic vessel from Turkey $10,000- I think, there-
fore, that the man who comes to represent the
portion of country the most distant we have, save
California, is at least entitled, not legally, but as
an act of mere justice, to his mileage.
Mr. DICKINSON. I supposed that matter had
been fully determined on to-day, by a vote of the
Senate, by yeas and nays. I hope it will be sim-
ilarly disposed of at once, and without the con-
sumption of further time.
Mr. BERRIEN. I extremely regret that this
motion has been renewed. It does seem to me
that to make the allowance proposed by this mo-
tion would be one of the most extraordinary acts,
on the part of the Senate of the United States,
which I can conceive of. A portion of the people
in a Territory of the United States have assumed
to themselves the right of constituting a State gov-
ernment. We have denied that right, and have
given them a government of territorial form; and
surely, sir, I must violate every conviction of my
judgment to recognize the right of these people to
send a Senator here, when in the denial of that
right I am sustained by the judgment of Congress.
Upon what principle, then, is it that we are to
recognize this man—not as one who is entitled to
take a seat in the Senate, but as one who is to be
compensated as a Senator of the United States?
Have we a right thus to dispose of the public
means of the country? This principle of self-
government has been carried to a sufficient extent,
and we are, in my judgment, now pushing it be-
yond any limit which can be recognized on any
principle to be deduced from the Constitution of
the United States. I trust, sir, that this motion
will not prevail.
Mr. DAWSON. I am sorry that my colleague
should entertain the views in regard to this propo-
sition which he has expressed. I have merely
proposed that we should pay an agent who has
Come to us from a portion of our own people as
their representative, on the same principle that we
have already agreed to pay an agent from a for-
eign nation who has come here to become ac-
quainted with our institutions. I can see no dif-
ference between his case and that of a gentleman
who has been sent here from an infant colony,
some two or three thousand miles away, for the
purpose of ascertaing the state of things at the
seat of Government, unless it be in. favor of the
latter. He came in a double capacity, as an agent
of the Government and of these people, and has
made a communication to this body as such agent.
I know that he came claiming to be a Senator, and
I a°ree with my colleague that he is not entitled
to a seat on this floor; but ! will not, for that rea-
son, say that he is entitled to nothing at all on the
part of the Government. Why, he came here as
a constituted agent of the Government—a self-
made agent, if you please—to represent the condi-
tion of that people so distant from us, and I think
jt is our duty at least to pay his expenses. I can
see no objection, based on any sound or great
principle, to our doing so. My course on this
subject is too well known to need any explanation.
I have denied the right of these people to come in
as a. State; but because on that occasion they were
disposed, wrongfully, as I believe, to exercise
sovereign power, I am not thereby indisposed to
do here what I consider a simple act of justice.
Mr. BERRIEN. The Senator elect from New
Mexico! Sir, the Senator has not only given me
pain, but I fear will pain our common constituen-
cy, by renewing this resolution. There is no
kind of analogy between the case of the Turkish
agent sent here and the case of this individual.
The allowance was made to him under considera-
tions of high national policy, under considerations
connected with the foreign commerce of the coun-
try; but upon what principle are you going to
make this allowance to this individual? If you
require information from an agent, appoint him as
an agent, describe him as an agent, and make him
the compensation which is appropriate for an
agent; but I'trust that the Senate of the United
States will so far respect its own dignity as not to
recognize this agent, the elected agent of the in-
habitants of a Territory of the United States, as
an individual who is entitled to his mileage in his
character of Senatoc elect.
Mr. HOUSTON. I am reluctant to say any-
thing, because I know the importance of time in
the Senate; but other gentlemen have felt no com-
punctions on the subject, and on some occasions I
must avail myself of my privilege. I am aston-
ished that the Senator from Georgia, who pre-
sented this motion, should have acknowledged
himself so very deficient in regard to intelligence
from New Mexico. He says that that State, that
would be, has not been represented here, but he
certainly must have forgotten that there was a
most assiduous representative and Delegate from
there, Mr. Hugh N. Smith—a gentleman who
was not only zealous, but able, and who was pres-
ent here during most of the session as the repre-
sentative of that infant State or Colony. Yes, sir,
he was here, and he left us but the other day,
fully compensated for his services; and I have no
doubt that his labors were of great importance
to New Mexico. The Senator so recently arrived,
though his telegraphic dispatch was here before
him, has now his claims presented. This is the
first new State that I ever saw represented by a sin-
gle Senator, and I presume, if Washington city had
not been his residence and home, he would not
have been here either. The controversy between
the military governor of New Mexico and the
self-constituted authorities of that country was
very well calculated, I should suppose, to have
deterred any man who had not the inducement of
returning to his home, from attempting to leave
there in the expectation of being recognized as a
member of this or the other House of Congress.
It is well known that a controversy has arisen be-
tween the authorities there constituted under the
orders of the Administration,, and those acting
under the military anthority, which has well-nigh
resulted in open war, and this "Senator elect" is
the offspring of their mutual discord. It is under
these circumstances that he comes here, and is
there anything analogous between his claims and
those of the Senators from California ? The Sen-
ators from California came here representing a
State, certainly irregular in its first organization,
not having passed through all the gradations of
government which our system prescribes; but they
came here with some sanction, some authority to
sustain them. The voice of the people, and of a
regularly convened Legislature,^nt them here,
and they were recognized, therefore, as entitled to
seats here. There were no difficulties conflicting
with the territorial and sovereign rights of any
other State in the Union arising from their ad-
mission. Sir, I cannot see why we should
not just as properly admit to a seatany individual
who comes here from the Utahs, or the Cheorkee
nation, or from anywhere else, claiming to rep-
resent a constituency, as this individual who
claims to be a Senator elect. They are quite as
muce entitled to it. Indeed, they are much more
so, because they have had no one here to repre-
sent them, while almost all the talent of the
House has been employed in advancing the in-
terests of New Mexico.
M,r. DAWSON. I wish to make but one or
two observations. I had certainly no intention of
infringing upon the rights of Texas—everybody
knows my position in that matter—nor do I con-,
sider this motion as an infringement upon the
rights of Texas. The people of this colony sup-
posed they had a right to form a State government,
and they proceeded to do so, as I stated to-day,'
under the supposed sanction of the Government.
Under this misapprehension, they proceeded to
elect a Senator, who • comes here in pursuance
thereof, with the most honest purpose. The ques-
tion now is, whether we will refuse to extend Uy
this supposed representative what we have extend-
ed to every other similar one, merely because
these people were wrong in relation to what they,
supposed to be their natural rights? I.stated this
morning that when Michigan first elected her Sen-
ators, they came here before the constitution of the
State had been accepted. They were sent back
for reelection, not being considered eligible to take!
their seats. The question came up while I was a
member of Congress in the other House, and,'al-
though they were not allowed to take their seats,
Congress paid their mileage and per diem during
that session. Upon the principle which governed
them, and that alone, have 1 placed this question;
not that this Senator shall take his seat at all, but
because he came here honestly under a supposed
right to take his seat.
Mr. RUSK. Will the Senator allow me to ask
him a question ?
Mr. DAWSON. Certainly.
Mr. RUSK. Is not this an enactment, if we
pass this bill with this amendment, in favor of the
right of a Senator elect from New Mexico? Wilt
it not be considered as an admission of their right
to elect a Senator ?
Mr. DAWSON. I will change the language so
that it shall read, "the person claiming to be a
Senator," if that will suit the Senator from Texas.
Everybody can understand the object I have in
view. This is a mere question of eq^p and jus-
tice, and as such, can excite no such emotions of
feeling as Senators seem to apprehend. And, sir,
if the people of this country cannot comprehend
the difference between an individual presenting
himself and one who claims to be a Senator, then
I am mistaken.
The amendment was then read as modified, as
follows:
"To Richard H. Weightman, who claimed to be a Sena-
tor elect from New Mexico, and who appeared here for 'the
purpose of taking his seat in the Senate of the United States,
for liis niileagi.*, not exceeding ^2,000."
Mr. FOOTE. I have not risen to discuss this
matter at large, though I feel very much inclined
to do so; but I wish in a single remark to beg the
Senate to proceed to a vote at once. It is a very
hard case, sir. Some of us have sat here from -
morning till night, starving all the time, and other
Senators have gone and ^t their dinners and then
come back and raalft long speeches [laughter] to
us in our famished condition. Therefore, know-
ing this fact at the present time, I intend to move
that we adjourn, unless it can be understood that
we shall presently act finally on the bill. The fact
is, I cannot suffer much longer. [Laughter.]
Mr. RUSK. I move that the Senate adjourn. I
look upon this amendment as a firebrand '° be
thrown into the country.
The motion was rejected.
Mr. DODGE, of Iowa. I rise to thank the
Senator from Georgia for offering the amendment
which he has submitted. Coming from the sec-
tion of country which he does, it evincesa degree
of liberality and magnanimity on his part which
are highly commendable.
Mr. BENTON. Amen! [Great laughter.]
Mr. DODGE, of Iowa. I am one of those,
sir, who lelieve that there was no State Govern-
ment in New Mexico, and that the whole move-
ment was all a humbug. I voted against the
amendment of the Senator from New York at all
times, and I am prepared to do so again, because
I do not believe that "this gentleman has any
claims to be admitted to a seat on this floor, but
he has been sent here by those people under the
influence of a policy believed in by the President
of the United States and a large portion of the
people of the country, and which induced them
to suppose they were right in the course they
were pursuing. Under these circumstances, this
gentleman, after performing a journey of at least
two thousand miles at the hazard of his life, has
come here in good faith, and I believe that w«
