1850.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
855
had been passed by the House, and upon which
the original decision of the Chair had been made.
He had no desire that that resolution should be
brought back under the motion he had made.
But his object was to correct what he conceived
to be the erroneous action of the House, to pre-
vent it from hereafter being cited as a precedent,
and thus becoming the law of the House. Now
the question before the House was an appeal from
the decision of the Chair, declaring it to be out of
order to move a reconsideration of the vote of
Friday sustaining the decision of the Chair, which
declared that a reconsideration of the vote refus-
ing to lay on the table a certain proposition would
bring that proposition back before the House,
where it had not been effectually disposed of by
that motion or that vote. Now, the Speaker,
when he gave that opinion, remarked that he hud
examined the precedents so far as it was possible
for him in the limited time at his disposal to do so,
and that in every case he had found that the re-
consideration of a vote by which a proposition
had been disposed of, or had passed from before
the House, had the effect of bringing that propo-
sition back before the House for consideration.
He (Mr. J.)"concurred at that time, and did now
fully concur in that decision so far as it went. He
admitted that if a motion to lay on the table pre-
vailed, then a reconsideration would have brought
the proposition back before the House. He ad-
mitted thatjjif a motion had been made to refer the
joint.resolution to the Committee of the Whole on
the state of the Union, and that proposition 
Mr. STEPHENS, of Georgia, interposed to a
question of order. He desired the Chair to state
to what extent the appeal was debatable. He
submitted that it was no further debatable than as
to the grounds upon which the decision of the
Chair had been made.
The SPEAKER said, he (the Chair) would
state, in reply to the point of order, and for the
information of the gentleman from Tennessee,
{Mr. Jones,] that the only point before the House
was, whether a motion to reconsider was in order
at this time. The Chair was not disposed to in-
terrupt the gentleman from Tennessee, because he
was commenting upon a former decision made by
the Chair.
Mr. JONES said, he desired to show that the
two cases were similar; that the other was a simi-
lar motion to his—that that motion was reconsid-
ered, and that this motion might be; he believed
that he could show the similarity of the two cases
beyond a doubt. If the proposition had been dis-
posed of by a vote of the House, then a reconsid-
eration would bring it back again. But such was
not the fact in respect to the vote refusing to lay
the joint resolution on the table. The proposition
had been disposed of by a subsequent vote of the
House, under the operation of the rule; for, after
the vote negativing the motion to lay on the table,
a member obtained the floor, and was about to
proceed with remarks on the merits of the propo-
sition, when a privileged motion was made, and
the House went into Committee of the Whole on
the state of the Union, by which the subject was
passed from under the consideration of the House,
and was put, with the unfinished business, on the
Speaker's table, as effectually as if it had been put
there by a direct vote.
Mr. STEPHENS interposed, and disclaiming
any discourtesy towards the gentleman from Ten-
nessee, [Mr. Jones.] insisted that the remarks of
the gentleman should be confined to the only point
at issue.
The SPEAKER stated that the only question
before the House was, whether it was in order to
move a reconsideration of the vote. The Chair
hoped that the gentleman from Tennessee would
confine his remarks to,that point.
Mr. JONES (continuing) said that the Speaker,
in giving his decision yesterday, made the follow-
ing statement, as reported in the " Globe:"
But the motion now made to reconsider is ruled out of
ordf-i, because it is not irt order to move a reconnderation
of anv measure alter subsequent action lias been had by
the IIou*e, which renders it impossible for the House to
reverse that action."
Now, suppose that the House had a proposition
before it, and a motion was made to lay that prop-
osition on the table, and that motion should fail;
and suppose that by the subsequent action of the
House, whilst a member was entitled to the floor
upon that subject, a privileged question was made
which not only took the floor from him, but put
the business from before the House; he (Mr. J.)
asked, was it the motion made to lay on the table
which the House negatived, or was it the privi-
leged motion to go to other business, by which
the proposition had passed from before the House?
And what would become of the right of the mem-
ber to the floor on that occasion ?
Suppose that vote should be reconsidered and
the subject should be brought back before the
House with a motion pending to lay on the table,
could the member claim his right to the floor whilst
that motion was pending? Then, the member's
right to the floor was made contingent on the action
of the House, that they would not lay the propo-
sition on the table. He did not wish to consume
the time of the House unnecessarily, out he wished
that the case should be fairly stated. He be-
lieved, as he had before stated, that the case was
precisely similar to that which occurred on a
previous day. A proposition was made and voted
upon. Subsequent action was had, and the sub-
ject had passed away, and then (the motion to lay
on the table the motion to reconsider failing) was
brought back before the House. The motion he
made was one sustaining the decision of the Chan-
made whilsta motion was pending which had been
subsequently disposed of. Such was the present
position of thing3. He might be wrong. He did
not admit the btndifig force of precedent any more
than the reason of ihe case at the time satisfied
his mind that he was right. And if the Speaker,
or any member of the House, could show him a
precedent* where the reconsideration of a vote
other than that by which the House disposed of
the pending proposition had had the effect of bring- I
ing it back before the House, he would withdraw i
the appeal, and acknowledge his error. Nay j
more, he would withdraw his appeal, if a prece- i
dent could be shown where such a reconsideration j
had ever been moved under such circumstances as |
attended the present case. !
Mr. STANTON, of Tennessee, said that he I
had not risen with any intention to discuss the !
appeal, because he thought that it would be a very !
unnecessary consumption of the time of the House '
to do so. if it were possible to reconsider a col-
lateral vote.upon a matter past—where a motion I
had been made to reconsider the vote on the final ,
passage of the matter, and that motion had been
laid on the table—if, he submitted, it were com-
petent to propose a reconsideration of such a vote,
it would be impossible for the House to do any-
thing. It would never be known what was in
order, or when a measure had been finally dis-
posed of. Entertaining these views—knowing, as
the Chair had decided, and as the gentleman from
Tennessee [Mr. Jonks] had admitted, that the
motion could result in nothing—and having him-
self made no remarks which called for reply, he!
would move the previous question on the appeal. !
Mr. INGE moved that the appeal be laid upon j
the table. j
And the question was taken, and decided in the !
affirmative, without a division. I
So the appeal was laid on the table. j
THE CENSUS BILL. j
Mr. THOMPSON, of Pennsylvania, rose (he j
said) to a privileged question. He moved that j
all debate in Committee of the Whole on the j
state of the Union, on the bill from the Senate I
providing for the taking of the seventh census, j
should terminate to-morrow at one o'clock, and
that the committee should then proceed to vote i
upon such amendments as were pending or might
be offered. ,
The resolution having been read,
Mr. McMULLEN moved to amend it by stri-
king out " to-morrow "and inserting " Thursday."
The question was taken and the amendment was
rejected.
The question then recurred on the resolution,
and, being taken, it was decided m the affirmative.
So the resolution was adopted, and the House
decided that all debate on the bill should terminate
to-morrow at one o'clock.
Mr. WiNTHROP rose to a privileged question.
He moved to reconsider the vote by which the
resolution had been adopted, and that that motion'
be laid upon the table.
And it was ordered accordingly.
Mr. PHCENIX called for the regular order of
business.
The SPEAKER stated the regular business pf
the morning hour to be the call of the committees
for reports.
Mr. THOMPSON, of Pennsylvania, igoved
that the House resolve itself into Committee of
the Whole on the state of the Union.
The motion having been agreed to,
The„ House resolved itself into Committee of
the Whole on the state of the Union, (Mr. Thomp-
son, of Mississippi,) in the chair, and resumed the
consideration of the bill providing for the taking of
the seventh census.
Mr. SIBLEY was entitled to the floor.
Mr. S. desired to be informed by the Chair,
whether the bill was now open to amendment?
The Chair said that no amendment was now in
order.
Mr. SIBLEY addressed the committee as fol-
lows: When I made the motion yesterday, that
the committee i ise, it was with the hope that I
could obtain the floor before the adjournment,and
induce the House to take up some business of a
pressing nature, which I wished to bring before it.
In this I was disappointed. I have but little to
say with regard to the bill now before the commit-
tee, except to give notice of my intention at the
proper time to move an amendment, to the effect,
that the Secretary of the Interior shall cause an
enumeration to be made of all the Indian tribes
within the limits of the States and organized terri-
tories of the Union, so far as this is practicable to
be done. Sir, this step should have been taken
long before this period of our history. If there
had been presented to Congress once in ten years,
a statement of the actual number of the Indians,
showing a diminution of twenty or thirty thousand
at each interval, some inquiry would have "been
instituted as to the cause of this distressing fatal-
ity, and a remedy, to a certain extent at least, ap-
plied. It is my design at an early day to take up
some of the time of the House in the discussion
of this subject, when I think 1 shall be able to
demonstrate conclusively, that the wretched and
forlorn condition of the remaining tribes is to be
ascribed entirely to the unsympathiztng and cruel
policy of the Government towards them, and to
no other cause.
Sir, during this session we have heard these
Halls ring; with eloquent denunciations of the
oppressor—with expressions of sympathy for the
down-trodden millions of other lands; while gen-
tlemen seem not to be aware that there exists
under the Government of this Republic, a species
of grindingand intolerable oppression, of which
the Indian tribes are the victims, compared with
which, the worst form of human bondage now
existing in any Christian State, may be regarded
as a comfort and a blessing.
Mr. Chairman, I am aware that there is a clause
in the Constitution which is construed by some,
impliedly to prolflbit an enumeration by the Gen-
eral Government of the Indians not taxed. But,
sir, it appears to me, that no such construction is
warranted by that clause. It only forbids a repre-
sentation to be based upon such an enumeration
of untaxed persons. It is evident that no bene-
ficial action can be taken by Congress, with refer-
ence to the condition of the Indians, without such
information of their number and physical condi-
tion as is sought by the amendment which I
propose to offer. Sir, it is high time that'Con-
gress should do its duty in this matter; and when
it is ascertained by official statements, that the
Indians within our limits are diminishing in num-
ber at the rate of two, three, oi four thousand a
year, inquiry will be quickened into the cause of
this awful mortality. I repeat that it is mainly
aacribable to the defective policy of the Govern-
ment, and the utter want of sympathy manifested
in its intercom se with the Indians.
Mr. JOHNSON, of Arkansas, (Mr. S. yielding
for explanation,) stated that orders had been issued
from the department to the several Indian agents
to obtain the information which the gentleman
wished by his amendment, and that the Govern-
ment would be put to unnecessary expense in
consequence, as all the information desired had
already been collected and was contained in a book
which was published.
Mr. SIBLEY. Mr. Chairman, I have heard
the suggestions of my honorable friend, the chair-
man of Indian Affairs, and am thankful for the
information; but, sir, I can tell him and this
House, that the measures he states to be in pro-
