1952
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
Sept.
Bingham, Bissell, Bowdon, Bowie, Boiwlin, Brigga, Brooks,
Albert G. Brown, Buel, E. Carrington Cabell, Clarke,
Cleveland, Williamson R. W. Cobb, Colcock, Corwm,
Crowe!!, Disney, Doty, Dunham, Durkee, Eliot, Alexander
' Evans, Feathergton, Fitch, Fuller, Gilbert, Gorman, Gott,
Green, Grinnejl, Hall, Harlan, Sampson W.Harris, Thomas
L. Harns, Hilliard, Hoagland, Houston, Hubbaid, Inge, Jo-
seph W. Jackson, Robert W. Johnson, Julian, James G.
King, John A. King, La Sfcre,Leffler, Levin, Horace Mann,
Job Mann, Marshall, Mason, Matteson, MeClemand, Mc-
Queen, Morehead, Morris, Orr, Phelps, Phoenix, Potter,
Richardson, Risley, Robinson, Savage, Sprague, Frederick,
P. Stanton, Richard H. Stanton, Stetson, Jacob Thompson,
John B. Thompson, Tuck, Underbill, Walden, Wellborn,
Whittlesey, Williams, and Young—81.
So the bill was laid on the table.
Mr. CALVIN moved to reconsider the vote and
to lay that motion on the table; which latter motion
was agreed to.
GRANT OF LAND TO MISSOURI.
Mr. BOWLIN, from the Committee on Public
Lands, reported back without amendment the
Senate bill entitled "(An act to grant to the State
of Missouri a right of way and a portion of the
public lands for the purpose of aiding in making
ft railroad from St. Louis to the western limits of
aaid State."
The bill having been read—
Mr. B. demanded the previous question on the
engrossment of the bill.
Mr. YOUNG appealed to the gentleman from
Missouri to withdraw the demand for the previous
question, to enable him to offer an amendment.
Mr. BOWL1N yielded to the request on con-
dition that the gentleman would renew the demand
for the previous question.
Mr. YOUNG moved the following amendment:
(* Sec. 7. Jlnd be it further enacted, That in order to aid
iji the continuation of a railroad from the we&teru line ol
the Stale of Missouri to the city of St. Louis, eastwardly
from a point opposite the city of St. Loui*, at or near Uh-
noistown m the State of Illinois, via a point where the In-
dianapolis and Terre Haute railroad intersects the line di-
viding the States of Illinois and Indiana, to a point on the
railroad communication between the cities of Cincinnati
"and Sandusky, m thc^State of Ohio, with a branch diverging
from the same at a point where the Alton and Mount Car-
mel railroad hue crosses the same; thence on the line of said
Alton and Mount Carmel road, via Mount Carmel to the
Ohio i iver at N^w Albany, all the rights, privileges, and lia-
bilities hereinbefore conferred on the State of Missouri,
shall be granted to the States of Illinois, Indiana, and Ohio,
respectively, for the purpose of aiding in the construction of
the said railroad and branch from Illinoisiown aforesaid, to
the point on the railroad communication between the cities
of Cincinnati and Sandusky as aforesaid, with the branch
to Louisville, above designated ; and ihe right of way and
the public lands ot the United States to the same extent in
proportion to the length of said railroad and branch, on the
same terms, limitations, and restrictions in every respect,
shall be and is hereby granted to the States of Illinois, In-
diana, and Ohio, respectively.
" Sec. 8. Jlwl be 11 further enacted, That the lands here-
inbefore gianted, and their proceeds, when sold,.shall not be
transferred to any corporation,'company, or individual, but
shall be faithfully and judiciously applied by the said States
respectively, for the objects, and in the manner, hereinbe-
fore prescribed; and they shall retain, respectively, either
as sole proprietors or as stockholders with others, the value
'and profits of said investment, to be added to their common
school fund1}; which profits shall be guarantied by the States
respectively, to amount and be kept to five cents per acre
per annum: Provided, That the land hereinbefore granted
shall not be sold for less than one dollar and twenty-five
cents per acie."
Mr. Y. renewed the demand for the previous
question.
Mr. HOUSTON said he would like to know
what the title of the bill was.
Great confusion.
The SPEAKER. The gentleman will suspend
until order is restored in the Hall.
Mr. VINTON. I should like to hear the bill
read to understand what it is.
The bill was read.
The amendment of Mr. Young was then read.
Mr. KING, of New Jersey, asked the gentle-
man from Illinois [Mr. Young] to withdraw the
motion, to enable him (Mr. K.) to offer an amend-
ment.
[This amendment is identically the same offered
by Mr. King to the preceding bill.]
The amendment having been read—
Mr. YOUNG said, he would accept the amend-
ment as a modification of his own resolution.
Mr. KING. That will answer my purpose.
Mr. BISSELL requested his colleague [Mr.
Young] to accept a slight modification, which he
(Mr. B.) would suggest, to the amendment. He
desired to add, after the word " Illinoisville," the
words " or Alton, as the Legislature of Illinois
may direct."
Mr. YOUNG declined to accept the modifica-
tion.
Mr. BISSELL. Then I hope that the previous
question will be voted down, and, if it is, 1 shall
move the amendment I have indicated.
Mr. HAMPTON, (to the Speaker.) Is itin order
now to move that the bill and amendment be laid
upon the table?
The SPEAKER. It is in order.
Mr. HAMPTON. 1 make the motion.
Mr. BAYLY. 1 move that the rules be sus-
pended, and that the House resolve itself into Com-
mittee of the Whole on the state of the Union.
The question was taken, and the vote stood—
ayes 67, noes 75.
The SPEAKER stated that the motion was re-
jected.
Mr. BAYLY called for tellers.
Tellers were ordered, and Messrs. Harris of
Tennessee, and Duncan were appointed.
The question was then again taken.
The affirmative vote was not heard; the nega-
tive vote was given up.
And the SPEAKER decided the motion to have
been rejected.
So the House refused to go into Committee of
the Whole on the state of the Union.
The question then recurred on laying the bill
and amendment on the table.
Some time was spent in the restoration of order.
Mr. HAMPTON called for the yeas and nays
on I.is motion; which were ordered.
And the question, " Shall the bill be laid upon
he table r" was then taken, and resulted—yeas
02, nays 65; as follow:
YEAS—Messrs. Alexander, Allen, Andrews, Bayly,
Beale, Bokee, Booth, Burrows, Burt, Chester Butler,
Joseph Cable, George A. Caldwell, Joseph P. Caldwell,
Calvm, Campbell, Casey, Chandler, Clarke, Cleveland,
Crowoll, Daniel, Deberry, Dickey, Dunmick, Disney, Dixon,
Duncan, Edmundson, Alexander Evans, Nathan Evans,
Fowler, Freediey, Gentry, Gerry, Goodenow, Gould, Hal-
loway, Hamilton, Hammond, Hampton, Isham G. Harris,
Hay, Haymond, Hebard, Henry, Hibbard, Holladay, How-
ard, Howe, Hunter, Andrew Johnson, Jones,Kerr, George
G. Km#, Littlefield, Job Mann, Matteson, McDowell, Mc-
Kissock, McMullen, Meachain, Meade, Miller, Millson,
Moore,Morton, Nelson,Ogle, Otis, Outlaw, Parker, Peaslee,
Pitman, Powell, Putnam, Reed, Reynolds, Root, Ross,
Rumsey, Sackett, Savage, Savvtelle, Sehermerhorn, School-
craft, Seddon, Silvester, Spaulding, Thaddeus Stevens,
Stetson, Strong, Thurinan, Tuck, Van D>ke, Veiiable,
Vinton, Waldo, Wallace, Watkins, White, WildncK, and
Woodward—102.
NAYS—Messrs. Albertson, A^he, Ashmun, Bay, Bing-
ham, Bissell, Bowdon, Bowie, Bowlin, Albert G.Brown,
Buel,.E. C. Cabell, W. R. W. Cobb, Cole, Corwin, Doty,
Dunham, Durkee, Ehot, Fcath^rston, Fitch, Gilbert, Gor-
man, Gott, Green, Hall, Harlan, Sampson W. Harris,
Thomas L. Harris, Milliard, Hoagland, Hubbard, Joseph
W. Jackson, Robert W. Johnson, Julian, James G. King,
John A. King, Pieston King, La Shre, heftier, Levin, Horace
Mann, Marshall, Mason, MeClemand, Robert M. McLane,
McQueen, Morehead,tMoiris,Phelps, Phcenix,Potter, Rich-
ardson, Rislev, Robbins, Robinson, Rockwell, Sprague,
Frederick P. Stanton, Richard H. Stanton, Taylor, Under-
bill, Whittlesey, Williams, and Young—65.
So the bill was laid upon the table.
[Mr. Baker, when his name was called, rose
and stated that he should cheerfully have voted for
the passage of the bill, but that, as he had before
stated, he had paired off with the gentleman from
Virginia [Mr. Averett] ]
Mr. BOWLIN, from the Committee on Public
Lands, to which was referred the bill o-f the House
to relinquish to the city of St. Louis "Quarantine
Island, and all vacant unappropriated lands within
the corporate limits," reported the same back with-
out amendment, and with a report in writing,
which bill and report were referred to the Com-
mittee of the Whole on the state of the Union, and
ordered to be printed.
LAND CLAIMS.
Mr. BOWLIN, from the Committee on Public
Lands, reported back without amendment, Senate
bill providing for the examination and settlement
of the claims for land in Sault Ste. Marie in Mich-
igan.
Mr. BOWLIN moved that the bill be put upon
its passage. The amendment, he said, was a
small one, and he supposed there would be no ob-
jection.
The amendment was read.
Mr. BINGHAM said, if he could obtain the ear
of the House, he would repeat what he said the
other day, that this bill contains no grant of land
whatever. It is a bill to settle the claims of French
residents round the Sauk Ste. Marie, which the
rapidly-increasing settlement of that part of the
country requires should be disposed of. Towns
are growing up in the vicinity of Lake Superior, :
and it is of the utmost importance that the tides to
these lands should be settled. The bill require*
the surveyor to survey the lands, and metki his
report to the Commissioner of the General Land
Office. He hoped the House would be satisfied
with this brief explanation,^nd that this bill would
not share the fate of the land bills which have just
been acted on.
He concluded with calling for the previous qaes]
tion
Mr. STEVENS, of Pennsylvania, called for
the reading of the bill.
Mr. BOWLIN said that this wqs a very long,
though an unimportant bill, and he hoped that the
reading, which would consume a good deal of
time, would not be insisted upon. The bill had
been read the other day.
Mr. STEVENS withdrew the call for the read-
ing of the bill.
The amend ment of the Senate was then agreed to.
And the bill was read a third time and°passed.
Mr. BINGHAM moved a reconsideration of
the vote, and that that motion be laid upon the
table.
Ordered accordingly.
Mr. BISSELL, (to the Speaker.) Has the
morning hour expired ?
The SPEAKER replied in the affirmative.
Mr. BISSELL. I move that the House pro-
ceed to the consideration of the business on the
Speaker's table.
STEAM VESSELS.
Mr. McLANE, of Maryland, rose, he said, to
a privileged motion. He desired to move a sus-
pension of the rules to enable him to submit a mo-
tion that the Committee of the Whole on ihejstate
of the Union be discharged from the consideration
of the bill, which had been heretofore referred to
it, entitled " An act to amend an act providing for
the better security of the lives of passengers on
board of vessels propelled in whole or in part by
steam." He did not desire, he said, to ask that
the bill should now be put upon its passage, but
simply that it should be placed upon the Speaker's
table. He hoped that the unanimous consent of
the House would be given, so as to render it un-
necessary for him to move to suspand the rule.
Mr.-COBB, of Alabama, objected.
Mr. McLANE moved a suspension of the rules.
The SPEAKER said no motion would be re-
ceived until order had been restored.
Mr. McCLERNAND was understood to put
an inquiry to some member of the Committee on
Public Lands, as to the reason why the committee
had not complied with a resolution of the House
heretofore adopted, in relation to grants of land
for the benefit of the deaf and dumb.
Calls to order.
Mr. COBB, of Alabama, withdrew his objection
to the motion of Mr. McLane.
Mr. MeMULLEN renewed the objection.
So the motion was not received.
The question then recurred on the motion of
Mr. Bissell, that the House procecd to the consid-
ation of business on the Speaker's table.
Mr. EVANS, of Maryland. 1 move that the
House resolve itself into Committee of the Whole
on the state of the Union.
The SPEAKER. In the opinion of the Chair
the motion of the gentleman from Illinois [Mr.
BissELL]^must-be first disposed of.
The question was taken, and the motion was
agreed to.
So the House proceeded to the consideration of
business on the Speaker's table.
REMAINS OF THE LATE PRESIDENT.
The SPEAKER laid before the House the fol-
lowing message from the President of the United
States:
To the Senate and House of Representative's:
Having been informed that it is the wish of the
t family and relations of the late lamented Presi-
j dent of the United States, that his remains should
I be removed to the State of Kentucky, and being
j desirous of manifesting the most sincere and pro-
! found respect for the character of the deceased, in
which 1 doubt not Congress will fully concur, I
have felt it to be my duty to make known to you
the wishes of the family, that you might, previous
to your adjournment, adopt such proceedings, and
take such order on the subject, as in your wisdom
may seem meet and proper on the occasion.
MILLARD FILLMORE.
washington, S&ptembtr s3,1850.
