858
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
April 30,
tenets and opinions-of the people. Did Congress
mean to instruct the people in controversial the-
ology, and enforce a compulsory attendance at
places of religious worship ? inquiries were to be
made as to the comparative health and longevity
of different portions of the people. Did they in-
tend to interfere with the occupations and pursuits
of the individual citizens? Information was to be
collected as to the number of those who might be
unable to read or write. Did they design to es-
tablish schools and colleges for their instruction
and improvement? If they did not mean to apply
these statistics to practical purposes, was it simply
to gratify curiosity ? Or were gentlemen fired with
the ambition to become the editors of a new Amer-
ican Encyclopedia or Dictionary of Arts, Sciences,
and Miscellaneous Literature?
If the author of this bill desired advancement
in his literary pursuits, it was not an ill-directed
ambition, for his work had certainly not been
fashioned upon the best models of composition.
On this account, if for no other, he (Mr. M.)
would gieatly prefer the substitute reported by
the gentleman from Ohio, [Mr. Miller ]
Mr. THOMPSON (in his seat) was understood
to say he had not drafted the bill.
Mr. MILLSON (continuing) said he was aware j
that the bill was not drafted by his fiiend from
Pennsylvania. But he (Mr. M.) did not wish to
detain the committee longer.
He would say one word before taking his seat,
in reply to remarks which had been thrown out
as to this being a sectional question. He could
see no reason why there should be any sectional di-
vision under this bill. The gentleman from Ohio
[Mr. Root] had protested against making it sec-
tional. He (Mr. M.) had never heard any one
speak of the bill in that light, until the gentleman
from Ohio had expressed a desire that it should not
be so spoken of. The very expression of that
wish was calculated to make it so. He (Mr. M.)
could see no reason why there should be a south-
ern or a northern construction of the Constitution.
The Constitution was the same everywhere; and
if Congress were willing at all times to limit its
action to the powers clearly designated—that was
to say, to the exercise of those powers of agovrn-
ment alone which related to matters in which they
all possessed a common interest, no sectional
question could be raised. Congress was prohib-
ited from passing upon questions in which any of
the States had a peculiar interest; and so Ions; as
the Government confined itself to the legitimate
grants of power, and legislated upon those sub-
jects only in which ail had a common interest, the !
question would never be asked whether a propo- [
sitron originated in the North or the South,  n the j
East or the West. The Constitution knew no :
geographical divisions; it was intended to operate -
upon the whole country;.it would and must be- !;
neficently operate upon the whole country; and it j
was only when attempts were made to legislate !
upon subjects peculiar to the different States, that lj
dissessions weie engendeied, and suggestions j[
thrown out that particular measures were pro- ji
posed by the Noith, or proposed by the South, !
with a view to act oppressively upon the one or ;
the other section. This was the doctrine which 1
he had always held; and this was the only doc- j
trine upon which, in his belief, the Union of the ;
States could he permanently maintained. !
Mr. COLCOCK. I propose to say a very few !
words in relation to this subject; and first, it is i
proper that I should state, that 1 am in favor of >
the substitute proposed by the gemleman from
Ohio, [Mr. Miller.] According to my idea of the
matter, it pioposes the only legitimate mode in
which we can legislate upon this subject. I am
satisfied, sir, from an examination of the debates
which took place in the Convention which formed
the Constitution of the United States, that no
power was intended to be conferred upon Congress
in connection with the taking of the census, to do
more than two things, that is, to take an enumera-
tion of the inhabitants, and to procuie a valuation
of the real estate of the country.
Perhaps gentlemen are not generally aware, ;!
that the Supreme Court of the United States has ij
decided a case that has adirect bearing upon this ;■
question, m which it is laid down, that there are |
but two kinds of direct taxes recognized by the
Constitution, fit st, a capitation tax, and next a tax
upon land. There is no other kind of direct tax j;
that you have it in your power to levy; and the j;
question which arose in the case, to which I have
alluded, was, whether a tax on carriages was a
direct tax or not? The Supreme Court decided
that it was not a direct tax, but a duty, or tax on
expense, which was not to be apportioned accord-
ing to numbers, but to be imposed according to
the rule of uniformity, under the 8th section of the
1st Article of the Constitution.
Now, what is the census power? The commit-
tee will perceive, that the word first used in the
Constitution of the United States is, " enumera-
tion, "and not "census;" and that the enumera-
tion is made for two purposes alone. First, to fix
the ratio of direct taxation; and sect-ndly, to fix
the ratio of representation. For the Constitution
says that representation and direct taxation shall
go together—shall stand upon the same basis—the
basis of numbers. What is the purpose of this
bill? It is for taking the census of the United
States. Why do you wish to have the census
taken ? It is for the purpose of fixing the ratio of
representation. And if, in addition to this, you
really and honestly desire to impose a direct tax
upon land, then I admit you have a right to in-
quire the value of landed property throughout the
country.
1 understood a gentleman who addressed the
committee yesterday, to ask this question, to wit:
W hether a State having a million of dollars worth
of real estate, and having equal population with a
State possessing two millions worth of such prop-
erty, should pay as large an amount of land tax
as the State having the larger amount of real
estate? To this, the answer is very plain; the
land tax must be the same, because it is expressly
provided m the Constitution that direct taxes must
be levied according to numbers: equality in num-
bers must therefore produce an equality m a land
tax. New York hasseven times larger a represent-
ation in this Hall than South Carolina. But the
real estate possessed by the State of New York
may be twenty times more valuable than that
owned by the State of South Carolina. Now,
suppose you wished to raise $7,000,000 by a land
tax, to be imposed upon those two States. What
would be the proportion to be paid by each ?
South Carolina would pay one seventh of the
whole sum, or a million of dollars, whilst New
York would pay the remaining §6,000,000. Yet
if the tax were levied m proportion to tne value of
the land, New York would have to pay twenty
times more than South Carolina. In regard to the
question as to how aland tax should be collected by
tins Government from the people of the States
after it is apportioned among them, according to
federal numbers, I have no doubt that it would
be done according to the course that is pursued in
the diffeient States themselves, in lelerence to
their respective systems of land taxation.
In regard to other internal taxes—not direct—
this Government has the right to impose them
under the eighth section of the first article of
the Constitution, before referred to,"which gives
power to Congress to Jay and collect taxes, duties,
imposts, and excises. Now, if the Government
were about to impose such taxes, as for instance a
tax upon carnages, hoises, or any other objects
of such taxation, 1 admit, that if it were necessary
and proper to establish uniformity, we would
have the power to inquire what number of horses
and carriages there were in the United States;
for all such taxes must be uniform. They must
be assessed according to the rules of uniformity
and not of apportionment. We see, then, that Con-
gress has the power to institute an inquiry into
the amount and the value of real estate, upon the
occasion of passing a law for a direct tax thereon;
but it is utterly out of the question to maintain,
before any tribunal, that you have the right to
append to this posver that which is incidental to
another and a different power, and one which you
have no idea of exercising. You are not now ex-
ercising the power of imposing other than direct
taxes, nor even that. You only claim now to as-
certain what is the number of the inhabitants of
the United States; or, m other words, to take the
census of the United States, for the purpose and
the sole purpose, of apportioning the ratio of repre-
sentation, and for that purpose, you have only the
right to enumerate persons.5'
Gentlemen argue as if there were no limitations
upon the powers of this Government if you will
read the debates which took place in the Conven-
tion that formed the Constitution, you will find
that the plan proposed originally was, to fix the
ratio of representation according to numbers and
wealth. Now, if the ratio of representation had
been fixed according to numbers^and wealth, I
admit you might inquire into the wealth of the
country. But the Convention, upon debate,deter-
mined to strike out the word " wealth," leaving
the ratio to rest upon the basis of numbers alone.
So that the representation is not a representation
occording to the ratio of property and population,
but of population alone. Many of the inquiries
proposed by this bill may be right and proper in
themselves, when made by legitimate authority,
but my opposition is placed upon the ground that
the powePto make them belongs to that class of
powers called municipal, or police powers, and
which belong to the States alone.
But, say gentlemen, why cannot this Govern-
ment inquire into all these matters ? Are they not
interesting and important subjects to us ? To this
I reply, the powers of this Government are lim-
ited arid restricted. It was established chiefly for
external purposes. It was never intended to be a
domiciliary intruder. You must show that the
information you seek is necessary arid proper for
the exercise of some of your delegated powers,
which in good faith you intend to exercise
Mr. DUER (Mr. Colcock yielding the floor)
said: I understood the gentleman from Virginia to
say that you cannot exercise an incidental power
unless the power under which such incidental
power is granted is also exercised; that you can-
not detach the incidental from the substantive
power. I now understand the gentleman from
South Carolina to say, that we must contemplate
the immediate exercise of such power in order to
have the right to exercise the incidental power.
Now, I ask whether this is not a fair rule, that, if
it is probable that we may be called on to exercise
a power granted, whether we may not exercise the
incidental power in view of such probability?
For example, as an incident to the war power, we
may erect fortifications, build forts. May we not
do this without, at the same time, declaring war,
and without the contemplation of immediate war?
Is it not ejiough that we know that such an exi-
gency is not unlikely to occur? And will not the
same rule apply to other cases ? May we not take
means to obtain knowledge of the resources of the
country necessary and proper to enable us to ex-
ercise the war power, the power to tax, and the
power to regulate commerce without reference to
any particular or immediate exercise of the powers
in question ?
Mr. COLCOCK. I answer the gentleman
promptly, for myself, in the negative. I say no.
1 say this : that you must not travel out of the
record—you must not go to the census power to
get the necessary power. You must not go to
those other powers, in providing for war; you
have the war-making power here. That is suf-
ficient. If this Government sees that it may he
called upon, in a remote contingency, to do an act
which it has the power to do, you cannot, merely
in view of that remote contingency, resort to an-
other and a different power for the purpose of
effecting what that contingency would demand.
You could not authoiize the building of forts
under the census power. Every law must arise
out of, and have reference to, a granted power.
Mr. MILLSON. The gentleman from New
York has not correctly apprehended my position.
1 did not say that an incidental power could not
be used except in connection with a substantive
power. So far from it, I expressly stared that I
agreed with the gentleman who addressed the com-
mittee yesterday, [Mr. Woodward,] when he de-
nied that there was properly any such thing as an
incidental power. I stated that fhe granted power,
and what is usually called the incidental power,
weie one power—a unit; and the Constitution only
authorized the passage of all laws necessary and
proper to cat ry into effect the granted power; and,
therefore, any jaw that was passed, must be passed
with a view to rarry into effect the granted power.
Mr. COLCOCK. I trust I have made myself
understood. But some gentlemen entertain the
opinion, that we of the South are somewhat sensi-
tive upon this subject; that we have some sectional
motive that prompts us to make opposition to the
inquiries. For my own part, I utterly deny the
imputation. Whatever may be the powers of*this
Government in regard to authorizing or requiring
an enumeration of the slaves, we have no obsta-
