1850.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
859
cles to interpose to such enumeration. I am con-
tending now, that under this bill you have the
right to number every man; but I contend, that
beyond that, you have no right to go. We shun
no lawful scrutiny into any of our institutions;
but we do not mean to sanction unconstitutional
legislation.
"We fear no danger, for we know no sin."
Make what inquiry you please. We only say,
that in regard to numbers, and numbers alone,
have you any right to inquire. That is our posi-
tion. I think, therefore, that the amendment pro-
posed by the gentleman from Ohio is the one
which the committee ought to adopt—confining
ourselves to this investigation, and to this alone.
Mr. GORMAN said, he was very well aware
that gentlemen who professed to entertain the
opinion that Congress possessed no constitutional
power to obtain the statistical information contem-
plated by this bill, subjected themselves at least
to the criticisms of those who thought differently,
and of those who took as the guides of their
actions the precedents heretofore set by this and
other legislative bodies. Notwithstanding this,
however, he had a vote to give here on tfte part
of his constituents. And so long as he repre-
• sented any portion of the people of this country,
his vote should never be given for any measure
for which, in his judgment, there was not con-
stitutional authority, either in some power ex-
pressly granted, or in some incidental power
which was requisite to carry the power expressly
granted into effect. He had heard it said, that
if they were going to levy a direct tax, they
could take the enumeration and obtain the in-
formation proposed by this bill. He denied it.
He believed that some of the gentlemen who
differed with him, but were of the same school of
politics as himself, had said, that if the object was
to lay a direct tax they would admit the power,, to
obtain this infoimation. He denied the position.
Nor did he understand that to be the doctrine of
strict construction. How were we to arrive at what
was the proper subject of taxation ? Gentlemen re-
ferred to precedent. Well, let us go to the prece-
dents. The first time that the question arose was
before the Supreme Court of the United States m
1796 In this instance the question was as to the
power of (he Government to tax the citizens of the
District of Columbia without representation. Inci-
dental questions arose, which were reported in the
first volume of Kent's Commentaries. Kent laid
down the doctrine so far as it could be settled by
the Supreme Court, if he (Mr. G.) were at the
bar, and were arguing the legal question, he would
say,asevery lawyer would say, that he was bound
by the precedents given by the Supreme Court.
As legislators, however, it was assumed that they
were not bound by the construction of that court.
The court at that time decided that imposts and
excises must be uniform throughout the United
States, and that a tax upon carriages, therefore,
might be uniform as an excise, but they expressly
decided that a tax upon carriages was not a direct
tax. The ninth section of tne first article of the
Constitution of the United States declared that
"no capitation or other direct tax shall he laid
unless in proportion to the census or enumeration
herein before directed to be taken." A direct tax,
therefore, was a poll or capitation tax, and a tax
upon land, as the Supreme Court had decided.
Kent says:
" The better opinion seemed to be, that the direct taxes
contemplated by the Constitution, were only two, viz:
A capitation, or poll tax, and a tax on land."
If gentlemen took a different position from that
which was here laid down, they must at least
give some reason for the faith that was in them.
The clause of the Constitution which he had read,
(showing what was understood to be a direct tax,)
said that no such tax should be laid u unless m
proportion to the census or enumeration herinbe-
fore directed to be taken." This direct-taxation
clause leferred back to ihe power which the House
was now about to exercise. That power was
found in the second section of the first article of
the Constitution, as follows:
"The actual enmneiation shall he imde within three
years after the fin>t meeting ot the Congress of the United
States, and within every subsequent term of ten years, in
such manner as they chad by law direct."
What was Congress directed to dq ? The power
here given, was given for the purpose of being
exercised, and no other power, unless it was a
necessary incident to carry that into effect. The
power here given was to take an enumeration of
the inhabitants. " Representatives and direct tax-
4es shall be apportioned among the several States
1 which may be included within this Union,accord-
ing to their respective numbers, which shall be
4 determined by adding to the whole numberol free
* persons, including those bound to service for a
* term of years, and excluding Indians not taxed,
4 three fifths of all other persons." Here was a
specification of the precise persons—inhabitants—
who were admitted within the rule, or who were
excluded from it.
Now, what was itthat Congress was directed to
dor To take an enumeration every ten yeais—of
what? Of the matters and things given m charge
to them by the Constitution. If, then, theSupreme
Court was right in its construction of the ninth
section of the Constitution, this direct tax was
nothing more than a tax upon poll and land.
Mr. THOMPSON, of Pennsylvania, (interpos-
ing ) Will the gentleman from Indiana [Mr.
Gorman] allow me to ask him a question?
Mr. GORMAN yielded the floor.
Mr. THOMPSON desired, he said, to ask his
honorable friend'whether the very decision which
he [Mr. G.] had cited, did not determine that the
tax laid upon carriages was constitutional and well
laid, although called by the name of an indirect
tax? And he (Mr. T.) wished to inquire further,
who had denied that the inquiry here should be
limited to the information necessary for the im-
position of a direct tax, and not of an indirect
tax ?
Mr. GORMAN resumed. He would reply to
the gentleman by reading the language of the
Supreme Court, as given by Chancellor Kent:
" The court concluded that the tax on carnages v\ as an
indirect tax on expf n«e or *. one-uu.puon, and there propel ly
hud, pursuant to Ike rule of uniformity
That was to say, (Mr G. continued,) that a uni-
form rule of taxation might be obtained by this
system—not that it was constitutional or uncon-
stitutional; they did not decide that question.
But admitting it to be constitutional, did gentlemen
propose to levy imposts upon property in the shape
of excise duties? for a levy upon a carriage was
an excise, and was so decidctl by the Supreme
Court. Did gentleman piopose to levy an excise
duty ? If so, what were to be the objects of taxa-
tion? Personal and real property.
Mr. THOMPSON, of Pennsylvania. Not real
property.
Mr. GORMAN continued. Suppose it were
real and personal, it would be broader.
They should take an assessment of all real and
personal property. How much further was it
proposed to go? To take an enumeration of all
the manufacturing interests, of all the mechanic
arts and industrial pursuits, and to go into all the
various ramifications of socicty, and publish to
the world the statistics connected with them.
They were to inquire into the moral and social,
he had almost said the political, condition of our
people; but the moral and social condition, unques-
tionably. [A Voice: Oh, no.] The gentleman
said " Oh, no;" but did not the bill propose to
inquire how many churches there weie m the
country, how often they met, of what denomina-
tion they were? The number of school-houses,
how long the schools weie kept, and a great variety
of such matters? He supposed that these statistics
were intended to show the moral progress of our
country—the moral condition of society.
Mr. THOMPSON, of Pennsylvania, (Mr. Gor-
man* yielding for explanation,) said he would like
to ask the honotable member 
Mr. GORMAN. I will come to the honorable
gentleman's manufacturing establishments of Penn- ■
sylvama soon. !
Mr. THOMPSON. You shall be welcome !
there; I have no doubt they will treat you civilly, j
Mr. T. proceeded to say that he would like to i
know from the gentleman from Indiana why the '
inquiry relative to churches in the tables made it j
unconstitutional to take information relative to our !
manufacturing and agricultural producs ? . |
Mr. GORMAN (resuming) said that was beg- I
ging the question. When he came to the subject j
of agriculture he should make an aigument satis-
factoiy, at least to himself He repeated that this i
proposition to go into inquiries relative to every- j
thing which constituted a part of the social and |
moral relations and circumstances of every citizen j
throughout the country was, it seemed to him, an
unreasonable and an unwarranted exercise of
power.
Thegentlemanfrom New York, [Mr. J. A. King,]
he was aware, had read the law of 1814, and hau
stated that he himself had paid a tax, not only on
his lands, but on his watch and furniture. He had
said that that law was passed by Congress, and
therefore he (Mr. G.) supposed the gentleman
drew the conclusion that it was proper to put these
various inquiries, which might be necessary in
case such a tax was again to be laid, though
neither the gentleman nor any other had any idea
(hat it would be. He (Mr. G.) presumed that two
wrongs did not make a right. He would refer the
gentleman, when he claimed to justify this bill by
the authority of a bill which had once passed
levying a tax, to another page of the statute book
which contained the Alien and Sedition Law.
Surely the gentleman would claim no authority
under the sanction of that law, though it was
equally a precedent with that on which he laid so
much stress.
The gentleman from New York said, it was
desirable for our commercial, manufactui ing, me-
chanical and agricultural interests, to obtain this
information. He (Mr. G.) granted it; but was it
competent for Congress to pass every law that was
desiiable ? His (Mr. G. *s) opinion was, that Con-
gress should exeicise no power, except such as
was expressly granted by the Constitution, or
such as were necessary incidents to carry into ex-
ecution the expressly granted powers. Now, what
was a necessary incident? He begged pardon of
the House for referring to what a learned com-
mentator said, concerning the celebrated United
States Bank case, of McCulloch vs. the State of
Maryland. The constiuction of the word " ne-
cessary" came up in that case:
"The word necessary admits of all degrees ef compari-
son. A thing may be neiessuiy, or ten/ necessary, or aht>o
lutely&nd indispensably nccessaiy—2d Kunt, %2o2.
Under which of these heads, he wanted to know
of the gentleman from New York, did he place
the word "necessary1' in }his ca^e? If the in-
formation which the gentleman argued to be ne-
cessary, were barely necessary—it it were only
| convenient or desirable, that certainly could not
j confer a constitutional power. But if it were a&-
• soUdtly, or indispensably necessary to carry into
i effect some expressly granted power of Congress,
then he (Mr. G.) admitted the power of Congress
to collect it.
It would be interesting to take an enumeration
of the hogs of the West, of the wheat grown, &e.,
but it was not an absolutely necessary incident to
the express grant. It would form a very interest-
ing portion of the history of the country; but if
Congress were to take an enumeration of every-
thing, he could name forty other things that would
be of equal interest to this country, and to the
world. Why should they not take an assessment
of our entire commerce, both on our own waters
and upon the high-seas?—but it was not absolutely
necessary. A power to be exercised on the ground
that it was a necessary incident to an express
power, must, he understood, be absolutelys indis-
pensably necessary.
The gentleman from Pennsylvania [Mr. Thomp-
son*] attempted so to construe the Constitution as
to justify this bill, and he supposed the gentleman
meant to ascertain the full extent of the manufac-
turing interests of Pennsylvania. He (Mr. G.)
did not wonder at certain Pennsylvania politicians
on his side of the House desiring the statistical in-
formation. He did not wonder at their behevmg
that it was perfectly constitutional to obtain every-
thing under this latitudinous construction of the
Constitution. It was highly necessary in their es-
timation that censors should be appointed to go into
Pennsylvania, especially those counties in which
the iron interest was large, inquire among other
things what were the profits upon the iron manu-
facture—for which he saw the gentleman had a
separate column in one of his schedules. It was
a fine subject, an interesting subject to Pennsylva-
nia Democrats. The deputy marshal asks the
question: " How mueh is your profit annually'"
"Oh ! I am ruined, is the reply; " the tariff of lo46
has ruined me. We must have specific duties.
The manufacturing operations have been curtailed;
my profits have lessened; I must give up the manu-
facture if this law is continued." Such answers,
would be given to the censor, to be returned to the
