THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
PUBLISHED AT WASHINGTON, BY JOHN C. RIVES.—TERMS $3 FOR THIS SESSION.
31st Congress, 1st Session.
THURSDAY, SEPTEMBER 26, 1850.
New Series.... No. 123,
The message having-been read—
Mr. VINTON said that he believed the Senate
had made an amendment to the civil aud diplo-
matic appropriation bill for the purpose indicated
in the message. He proposed, therefore, that the
communication should be referred to the Commit-
tee of Ways and Means. Ordered accordingly.
PUBLIC LANDS IN OREGON.
The House bill entitled " An act to create the
office of surveyor general of public lands in Or-
egon, and to provide for the survey, and to make
donations to settlers of the sdid public lands,"
having been returned from the Senate with amend-
ments, coming up—
The amendments were read, as follow:
" Section 3, line 1,after the word 'That,'insert, 1 if in the
opinion of the Secretary of Hie Interior it be preferable the
surveys in said Territory shall be made after what is known
as the eeodetic method, under such regulations and upon
such terms as may be provided by the Secremry of the In-
terior, or other department having charge of the jsutvevs of
the public land?, and that said geodetic surveys shall be fol-
lowed by topographical surveys as Congress may from time
to time authorize and direct; hut, if the present mode of
survey be adhered to, jhen'
" Section 4, line 21. Strike out all after the word ' office,'
to and including the word i husband,' in line 23.
"Line 33. Strike out the woid 'donated,' and insert
* granted.'
" Line 43. Strike out all after the word c issue' to the end
of ihe line 46.
t{ Line 50. After the words 1 That all,' insertcfuture.'
"Section 5, lines 2 and 3. Strike out the words <emigra-
ting from the United States, and.'
" Line 8. Strike out the word ( five,' and insertc three.'
"At the end o< the section add: <Provided, That no min-
eral lan«N shall be located or granted under the piovisions of
this an.'
" Section II, line 10. Strike out the word 'donated,' and
insert <granted.' I
"Section 14. Atthe^nd thereof add the following: 'and j
that such portions of the public lands as may tie designated
under the authority of the President of the United States for
forts, magazines, arsenals, dock-yaids, and other needful
public uses, shall be reserved and excepted from the opera-
tion of this act: Provided, That it tt shall be deernPd neces-
sary, in the judgment of the President, to include m any
such reservation the improvements of any settler, made pre-
vious to the passage of this act, it shall, in such case, be the
duty of the Secretary of War to cause the value of such im-
provements to be ascertained, and the amount St) ascertained
shall be paid to the party entitled thereto, out of any money
not otherwise appropriated.'"
Mr. THURSTON expressed a hope that he
could obtain the attention of the House for a mo- :
merit. He would state what, indeed, was already !
well known to the House. This bill has already
passed both Houses. In the first place, it passed
this House. It then went to the Senate, and, after
receiving several amendments there, passed that
body. These amendments are unimportant in
their character. They met his concurrence. They
had been examined by the chairman of the Com-
mittee on Public Land^, and he was authorized to
say that they also met the concurrence of that gen-
tleman. He would state these amendments for the
information of the House. They are, first, the bill
as it passed the House, continued the donations of
these lands during the term of five years. The
amendment of the Senate cuts down this term to
three years. The second amendment is in rela-
tion to the authority given to the President to make
locations for navy-yards, arsenals, &c.
Mr. THOMPSON, of Mississippi, asked if
there was not an amendment relating to the rights
of foreigners to hold lands ?
Mr. THURSTON replied that there was an
amendment in reference to the question whether
foreigners should be required to perfect their natu-
ralization before they could be permitted to pos-
sess lands. As the bill has now passed, no for-
eigner can get a title to any land in the Territory
of Oregon, until he has gone through the whole
process of naturalization and become an American
citizen. He cannot obtain a title to a foot of land,
until he shall have completed his naturalization
and become a citizen. As the bill went from the
House it was required, as a preliminary step
to entitle him to take a claam, that the foreigner
should have notified his intention to become a
citizen. He was also required to emigrate from
the United States. The amendment of the Senate
simply strikes out the latter provision requiring
them to emigrate from the United States.
123
All the other amendments made by the Senate
are merely verbal, and of no moment. And in
view of the fact that the people of Oregon have for
the last twelve years been in a position surrounded
by unparalleled embarrasments, petitioning con-
stantly for something to be done for them, while
not a single thing; has been done—they have
again come to Congress, and Congress at this ses-
sion has responded nobly to their petitions—he
hoped, therefore, that this bill would be allowed
to pass; and as its character was well understood,
he would move that the House concur with the
amendments, and move for the previous ques-
tion.
There was a second. The main question was
ordered; and having been taken, the amendments
of the Senate were concurred in.
Mr. BINGHAM moved a reconsideration of
the vote, and that that motion be laid on the table.
Ordered accordingly.
STEAM VESSELS.
Mr. McLANE, of Maryland, now moved to
suspend the rules in order to enable him to move
that the Committee of the Whole on the state of
the Union be discharged from the further consider-
ation of the bill providing for the bettersecunty of
the lives of passengers in steam vessels. His ob-
ject, he said, was that the bill be placed on the
Speaker's table.
The question was taken, and two thirds having
voted in the affirmative, the rules were suspended.
Mr. McLANE thensubmittedhismotion;which
having been decided in the affirmative—
The Comittee of the Whole on the statevof the
Union was discharged from the further considera-
tion of the said bill, and it was laid upon the
Speaker's table.
Mr. McLANE. I desire to be informed by the
Speaker whether I can now move that the bill be
now put upon its passage?
The SPEAKER. It can be done only by unani-
mous consent.
Objection was made. So the motion was not re-
ceived.
BOARD OF CLAIMS.
Mr. STRONG moved that the rules be sus-
pended, to enable him to move that the Committee
of the Whole on the state of the Union be dis-
charged from the further consideration of the bill
to establish a Board of Claims. His object was |
that the bill should be placed on the Speaker's fa- !
ble. He (Mr. S.) did not ask that it should be 1
put upon its passage at this time.
Tellers were asked on the motion to suspend the
rules-
Tellers were ordered, and Messrs. Harris,
of Alabama, and Chandler, were appointed.
The question was taken, and the vote stood—
ayes 80, noes 44.
So, two thirds not voting in the affirmative, the
rules were not suspended, and the motion of Mr.
Strong was not received.
GENERAL POST-ROUTE BILL.
Mr. POTTER, by unanimous consent, reported
back from the Committee on the Post Office and
Post Roads, to whom it had been referred, the
general post route bill, which had been returned }
from the Senate with certain amendments. i
Mr. P. explained, that the Senate had madecer- j
tain additions of post routes to the bill, to which j
he supposed there would be no objection. The
Senate had also added a section extending the pro- !
visions of the act of Congress to the Territories of :
Utah and New Mexico, and authorizing the Post-
master General to fix the rates of postage in those
Territories at such sum as might seem proper to
him. He (Mr. P.) did not know that the House
would think right to give this discretion, but he
was willing to grant it.
The general amendments of the Senate were
then'agreed to.
And the question being on the additional section,
it was read, as follows:
" Sec. 2. Jlnd be it further enactcd, That the third section
of the act of August 14, 1848, entitled "An act to establish
certain post routes," be extended to the Territories of Utah
and New Mexico; and that the Postmaster General be au-
thorized to establish sueh rates of postage in said Territories
as to him may seem proper, not exceeding those authorized
in said act."
And the question being on concurring therein—
Mr. POTTER said, he was not very tenacious
on the subject of the agreement of the House to
the amendment made by the Senate to this bill.
It consisted of a provision which confers a discre-
tionary power on the Postmaster General to fix
the rates of postage in the Territories of Utah and
New Mexico at a sum not exceeding forty cents,
or at any less sum, as the business of these Ter-
ritories might be found to warrant. He did not
wish at this late period of the session to go into
any discussion on this subject. He would merely
say to all those who were anxious for the passage
of this bill, that if it goes back to the Senate with
the disagreement of the House, it is very doubtful
whether any post-route bill will pass at this ses-
sion. He hoped something would be done. He
moved for the previous question."
The previous question was seconded; and
The main question was ordered; and being
taken, the amendments of the Senate were agreed
to.
The joint resolution from the Senate relative to
the publication of the laws of the United States,
coming up in order, was read a first and second
time by its title; and there being no motion to
commit, it was then read the third time and passed.
Senate bill entitled " An act granting the right
of way, and making a grant of land to the States
of Florida and Alahama, in aid of the construction
of a railroad from the waters of the Pensacola
bay, in Florida, to Montgomery, in the State of
Alabama, and for other purposes," coming up in
order, was read a first and second time by its title.
Mr- CABELL, of Florida, said, that this bill
conformed, in all particulars, to the Mobile and
Illinois railroad, which passed the House a few
days ago. It was his purpose to have moved to
put this bill upon its passage; but inasmuch as his
tariff friends were in such a bad humor at the de-
feat of their bill this morning, he would riot make
such a motion. He did not think that the sins of
the Democratic side of the House should be vis-
ited upon him. He would - simply move the ref-
erence of the bill to the Committee on Public
Lands.
The motion was put and agreed to.
Senate bill entitled " An act to authorize the set-
tlement and payment of the account of Robert L.
Blair, for subsistence and transportation of the
companies K and L of the fifth regiment of Ten-
nessee volunteers, from Jonesborough to Knox-
viile, in the year 1847/' corning up in order, was
read a first and second time by its title, and re-
ferred to the Committee on Military Affairs.
The Senate bill entitled " An act to provide for
extending the laws and judicial system of the
United Slates to the State of California," was read
a first and second time by its title, and, on the
motion of Mr. THOMPSON, of Pennsylvania,
referred to the Judiciary Committee.
Senate bill, entitled " An act for the relief of the
widows and orphans of the officers and seamen
lost from the United States brig Washington, on
the 8th of September, 1846,*' coming up in order,
was read a first and second time by its title.
Mr. YENABLE asked that the bill be put upon
its passage.
Mr. CARTTER inquired if the bill made any
appropriation ?
The SPEAKER requested gentlemen to sus-
pend their remarks, and (after an examination of
the bill) stated that it contained an appropriation,
and must be referred, unless the general consent
was eiven to act upon it at thi3 time. He said it
would properly be referred to the Committee on
Naval Affairs.
Mr. YENABLE asked the unanimous consent
to put the bill on its passage.
Objection was made.
The bill was accordingly referred to the Commit-
tee on Naval Affairs.
The Senate bill, entitled " An act to authourize
the exchange of the military site of Fort Hamil-
