1954
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
Sept. 24,
ton f«>r an equal quantity of ground adjoining said
site," coming up in order, was read a first and
second time by its title, and on the motion of Mr.
Cartter, referred to the Committee on Military
Aflairs.
SLAVERY IN THE DISTRICT.
Mr. PRESTON KING. I have desired during
this session, to place my vote on record in favor of
a Will to abolish slavery in the Districtof Columbia
No opportunity has been offered under the rules
of the House to do so. 1 now move to suspend the
rules to allow me to introduce a bill. [During the
last ten days of the session it is in order on any
day to move to suspend the rules.] The bill was
read as fol'ows:
An Act toaboh<h slavery in the District of Columbia.
Be it enacted, tifc., Tlint slavery is heteby abolished and
forever prohibited jn ihe District of Columbia*. All persons
Held in -lavery, tu tfie District oi Columbia, emancipated by
this act, shall bt, paid for out of the Treasury of the United
Starts, a d the amount to be paid, or the value of each
person so em;tncip ited shall b>j ascertained and determined
by the judge of ibr District Court for the District of Columbia.
Mr. VENABLB demanded the yeas and nays
on the motion to suspend the rules. They were
Oi dered.
- The question, 11S nail the rules be suspended to
allow the gentleman from New York to introduce
the bill ?f1 was taken, and decided in the negative—
yeas 52 nays 109; as follow:
YEAS—Messrs. Alexander, Andrews, Bineham, Booth,
Burrows, Joseph Cable, Calvin, Chandler, Clark''., Cleve-
land, Cob*, Corwin, Dory, Duncan, Durkee, Fitch, Fowler,
Fret-dley. Gooiiestow, Gott, Gould, Grinnell, HaNoway, Har-
ia i, Hi-bard, Henry, Howe, Hunter, Jamfs G. King, John
A King, Preston Khijj, H >rac<'Mann, Mattoson, Meachain,
Moore, Ogle, Otis, Peck, Reed, Reynolds, Risley, Rockwell,
Root, Rum<ey, Sackeu, Schoolcraft, Silvester, Spaulding,
Spraaue, Tharideus Stevens, Yan Dyke, Vinton, Waldo,
and While—52
NAYS—Me>srs. Albertson, Anderson, Ashe, Ashmun,
Bay, Ba>ly, Bcale, BHsell, Bowlin, Bowdon, Bowie. Biiggs,
Brooks, Albert G. Brown, Burl, Burt, • hesu r Butler, T. B.
Butler, E. C. Cabell, George A. t aldwell, JoMjph P. Cald-
w< II, Cartter, Casey, Clingman, W. R. W.Cobb, Dmiel,
Dunrmck, Disney, Dixon, Etlinundson, Eliot, Alexander
Evans, Nathan Evan>, Feaiherston, Gilbert, Gorman,
Green, Hall, Hammond, Hampton, [sham G. Harris. Samp
son W. H trn.-s Thomas L. Hams, Hay, Haymund, Hihbaid,
Hoagland, Holladciy, Holmes, Howard. Hubbaid, Inge,
Joseph W. Jackson, Andew Johnson, Kaufman, Kerr, G.
G King, La Skre, Leffier, Littlefield, Job Mann, Marshall,
Mw)n, McClernand, McDowell, McLanahan, Robert M.
McLane, McMullen, McQueen, Meade, Mdier, Mill&on,
Minis, Morton, Orr, Outlaw, Parker, Pea^lee, Phelps,
Pitman, Potter, Powell, Richardson, Rohhm*, Robu-wnn,
Ross, S ivage, Sawtelle, Seddon, Stanly, Richard H. Stan-
ton, Alexander FI. Stephens, Stetson, Strong, Taylor, Jacob
Thompson, James Thompson, Vemblc, Waiden, Wallace,
Watkms, Wellborn, Whittlesey, Wiidnck, Williams, Wood-
ward, and Young—109.
(Mr. Gerry, and Mr. Johnson-, of Kentucky,
who were not within the bar when their respective
names were called, severally asked leave to record
their voj,e against the motion to suspend.] Objec-
tion was made.
The Clerk being about to read over the vote—
Mr. ASHMUN rose and inquired if his name
was recorded ?
The SPEAKER replied in the negative.
•Mr. ASHMUN. Believing that the bill has
been introduced for a mischievous purpose, and
for no good, I voted against the motion to suspend,
and I desire that my vote may be recorded.
The Clerk immediately commenced the reading
of the vole.
Mr. PRESTON KING, (interposing,) was un-
derstood to say, that it was not in order for the
gentleman from Massachusetts [Mr. Ashmun] to
impugn his motives.
The SPEAKER called the gentleman to order.
Mr. PRESTON KING, (continuing.) It is ir-
regular and unparliamentary, and in this case in-
famous.
The reading of the vote was then completed, and
the Speaker announced the result as above.]
So the rules were not suspended.
THE GALPHIN CASE.
Mr. THOMPSON, of Pennsylvania, asked the
unanimous consent, under instructions from the
Committee on the Judiciary, to report a joint reso-
lution authorizing the Piesident of the United
States to institute a suit against George W. Craw-
ford, late Secretary of War, for the amount of the
principal and interest paid him as agent of the
heirs or George Galphin.
Mr BIS ELL ooje.-ted,and said he hoped there
wou'd be n<> fuiiher suspension of the rules.
Mr. THOMPSON, of Pennsylvania, called the
gentleman from Illinois to order, and moved to sus-
pend the rules to enable him to make the report.
The title of the joint resolution was read for in-
formation:
"A resolution to authorize the President of the
United States to cause suit to-be brought against
George W. Crawford, late Secretary of War."
Mr. HALL asked for the reading of the resolu-
tion.
The joint resolution was read, as follows:
Whereas the following communication of the date'here-
inafter mentioned has been made to the House of Represent-
atives of the United States by George W. Crawford, late
Secretary of Wdr, viz:
"Washington, July 16,1850.
" Sir: The application I had the honor to make through
you lo the House of Representatives on the second of April
last, having for its object the investigation of my conduct in
relation to the GaUihtn claim has, as 1 understand, been de-
cided, and the result is the condemnation of the claim and
all subsequent proceedings under the act of Congress which
provided tor its settlement, except the payment of the prin-
cipal.
" A« the question of interest is believed to be judicial in
lt^ character. 1 have now respectfully to request that the
Hou^e of Representatives may take the necessary step« to
cause l^gat proceedings to be instituted against me^7r the
recovery of that or any poition of the Galphin claim" have
received. At the same time I am prompt to give the assu-
rance that 1 will not interpose delay, or raise in my defence
any other question than the proper construction of the act
for the relief of Milledae Galphin, executor of the last will
and testament of George Galphin, deceased, approved Au-
gust 14,1848. I have the honor to be,
"Very respectfully, vour obedient servant,
'•GEORGE W. CRAWFORD."
"Hon. Howell Cobb, Speaker, 4'c., Washington."
And to provide for a judicial decision of the question or
matter herein referred,
Resolved by the Senate and House of Representatives, #c.,
That the President of the United States be, and he is here-
by, authorized to cause suit to be brought in the name of
the United States of America against the said George W.
Crawford, in the circuit court ofthe district of Georgia, to
recover back (he interest allowed and paid to him upon the
claim of said Galphin, authorized to be "examined" and
u adiu-ted" by the act of Congress, approved August 14, A.
T)., 1848, entitled ''An act for the relief ofMilledge Galphin,
executor of the la^t will and testament of George Galphin,
deceased." or any part thereof that it may appear the Sec-
retary oi" the Treasury was not authorized to allowand pay,
either party to be entitled to a writ of error or appeal as in
othei ca^es.
The question, (i Shall the rules be suspended?"
was taken, and decided in the affirmative.
Mr. THOMPSON then reported the joint reso-
lution.
Which was read a first and second time by its
title.
And the question being on ordering it to be en-
grossed—
Mr. THOMPSON, of Pennsylvania, obtained
the floor.
Mr. WHITE. Will the gentleman from Penn-
sylvania allow me to inquire whether he has made
any calculation as to the additional expenses to
the Government which this suit will occasion >
Mr. THOMPSON. I suppose my friend from
New York is as well acquainted with that matter
as I am. I refer, therefore, to his,legal knowledge
for an answer to the question.
Mr. Speaker, I would not occupy the House a
moment on the subject of this resolution, did I not
know that some interest is felt m the country in
' regard to our action upon the proposition made by
I the late Secretary of War, and the reasons for it.
; The views I shall submit are my individual
! opinions of the case. I feel bound out of respect
' to that public opinion to give a very brief state-
> ment of them.
| it will be seen by the introduction of the propo-
j sition of Mr. Crawford, contained in the preamble
to the resolution, that the committee accept his
proposition, and take measures for testing the cor-
rectness of the decision that awarded interest upon
the claim of Milledge Galphin, for whom he was
an agent, coupled with an interest of one half of
whatever might be obtained on the claim from the
j Government. By the proposition made, all and
j every defence that might be raised in an entirely
j adversary proceeding, is to he waived, and the only
I question to be tried is, whetheri'iterest whs legally
! allowed or not. I have no comments at this time to
I make as to the reasons which may have prompted
! the late Secretary to make this proposition, other
| than what has been stated by himself, namely, that
i Congress had condemned the claim for interest.
; 1 have been often asked whether, in my opin-
ion, the interest paid on this claim could be recov-
i ered back. 1 can only answer, that if paid without
j authority of law, it can. This is the question to
be determined by the courts. There is to be no
j special pleading, no interposition of a doctrine
that in it equity and good conscience1' the defend-
ant might retain it because it had been awarded
by competent authority. Nor is anything to be
suggested to interfere with the single question,
whether the Secretary of the Treasury was au-
thorized to allow and pay it. This is the issue
tender^! and accepted.-
Mr. THOMPSON, of Mississippi, (the floor
being temporarily yielded to him for an inquiry,)
said he desired to be informed by the gentleman
from Pennsylvania, [Mr. Thompson.] whether
this joint resolution did not simply raise the ques-
tion as to the propriety of the payment of the
money by the heirs of Galphin, and not as to its
payrrfent by the Government? The whole trans-
action, he observed, had been conducted in the
name of Galphin's heirs, and he desired to know
how it was that Mr. Crawford's name was shuf-
fled in at all.
Mr. THOMPSON, of Pennsylvania, replied,
that one thing was quite certain, and that was, that
Mr. Crawford had chosen to make himself the de-
fendant in the case.
Mr. FEATHERSTON (permission being given
him to make an inquiry) said, he desired to know
whether this joint resolution proposed to submit
the issue that the payment should not have been
made under the act of 1848, or whether it extended
the inquiry not only to the question of the con-
struction of that act, but also of other laws and
the usages of the department in.reference to similar
cases?
Mr. THOMPSON replied, that in coming to a
conclusion as to whether the construction pat upon
the act was right or wrong, it would be necessary
that the laws of the country, the practice of the de-
partments, and the usages of the Government gen-
erally, should be investigated and examined; and
he had no doubt that when so examined, it would
be found that the allowance of interest yas all
wrong. ,
Mr. STRONG (the floor being yielded) desired
to call the attention of his colleague to one view of
the case. It was this: Assuming that the act of
1848 did not, according to its true construction,
authorize the payment of the money which was
paid tqpGalphin's heirs, or to Mr. Crawford as
their attorney, and that the Secretary of theTreas-
ury had, therefore, erroneously ordered it; yet as
the payment was made under a quasi judicial
decision, wider a decision made by officers au-
thorized by law to construe the act, can any court
of law go behind such judicial decision and hold
Mr. Crawford liable for money which he has re-
ceived, and now holds under such an adjudication ?
The act of the Secretary of the Treasury was ju-
dicial. Is not his award ordering the money to be
paid, a complete protection to Mr. Crawford ? Can
he waive that leg.il protection ? Would not an
argument to waive it amount to simply this: a re-
quest to a court of law to decide a case not merely
without, but asainst law; and could the court
therefore notice such an argument? He desired
to ask his colleague whether the Judiciary'Com-
mittee had considered the case m this aspect?
Mr. THOMPSON, of Pennsylvania, then said
he would state the principles of the case as far as
the time of the House would permit, and take the
libeity of publishing such as he might not have
time to state.
Mr. Speaker, the resolution authorizes the
President to proceed by suit to recovfr hack the
money that the House of Representatives, as ad-
mitted by Mr. Crawford, has decided to have been
paid without authority of law. This may be done
by an action for money had and received, or by a
bill in equity, as may be best calculated to try the
question. The circuit court having jurisdiction of
the parties, and of the subject matter, no question
can arise on the point of jurisdiction to try the
issue. Can there be a recovery ufjon the merits?
An expression ofan opinion by me, can in no way
affect the question, and is only ventured here as
explanatory of at least my own views, as one mem-
ber of the committee, of the reason for my action
on this subject, and will be briefly stated with that
view alone.
The principles upon which interest is allowable
between individuals nyiy be stated in short as fol-
lows: It is a compensation lor the use of money
loaned, if not so expressed in the instrument or
agreement of loaning, and a time is fixed for the
payment of the principal, the law which allows in-
terest in similar eases is presumed to be part of
