1850.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
861
restricted to particular cases, merely because it may be
susceptible of abuse, and, H abused, may lead to mischiev-
ous consequences. Tins argument is often used in public
debates and in its common aspect addresses itself so much to
populars fears and prejudices, that it insensibly acquires a
weight in the public mind, to which it is in no wise entitled.
The argument ab inconvenienti is sufficiently open to ques-
tion from the laxity of application, as well as of opinion, to
which it leads. But the argument for a possible abuse of a
power against its exigence or use, is in its natuie not only
perilous, but., in respect to Governments, would strike their
very foundation Every form of Government unavoidably
includes a grant of some discretionary power. It would be
wholly imbecile without it. It is impossible to pursue all
the exigencies which may arise in the progress of events,
connected with the rights, duties, and operations of a Gov-
ernment. If they could be foreseen, it would be impossible
ab ante to provide lor them. The means must be subject to
perpetual modification and change ; they must be adapted to
the existing manners, habits, and institutions of society,
which are never btationaiy; to the pressure ot dangers or
necessities ; to the ends in view ; to gencial and permanent
operations, as well as fugitive and extraoidniaiy emergen-
cies. In short, if the whole society not to be revolutions d
ateveiy critical period, and reinoildled in r-verv generation,
there must be left to ihosp who administer the Government
a very large mass ol discretionary powers, capable of greater
oriels actual expansion, according to circumstances, and
sufficiently flexible not to involve the nation in utter
destiuction, trom the rigid limitations imposed upon it by
an impioviuent jealous}."
So we see, from the very authority that is ad-
duced here by the gentleman from Georgia to
establish the fact that the Constitution of the Uni-
ted States must be construed strictly—that it must
be narrowed down to a most circumscribed
sphere—that all our legislation must depend upon,
and give way to, a strict construction. We find,
when we come to read further extracts from the
same book, that the construction which ought to
he given to the Constitution is to be a libera! and
fair construction, and by no means to be confined
■within narrow limits, but to be regarded in a rea-
sonable point of view, and not to be treated ac-
cording to the arguments that have always been
used by the opponents of a fair construction, that
it will take too wide a range, lead to erroneous
results, and destroy, finally, the Government, by
producing consolidation. Justice Story says, it is
not to be limited, but that a liberal and fair con-
struction is to be 'given to it, according to the
wants of the Government. And he goes on in
another section to say, that as the wants of the
people are constantly increasing in the different
sections of the countiy, allowance must be made
for such increases, and that it is idle and useless
to say that Congress is bound down to a strict
construction of the Constitution. This goes to
show, not that it is a thing to be contracted and
expanded at pleasure, but that it extends over the
whole country, without a variation, and affords
protection to every section of the Confederacy,
which now extends from one extremity of the
continent to the other.
We find that there a large enumeration of
powers given to Congress, in the eighth section of
the third articb of the Constitution, upon which
Justice Story has commented, and which has also
been commented upon by gentlemen in this House,
in the course of the defeate which has taken place
upon this bill.
it was not possible that the framers of the Con-
stitution could enumerate, in their various ramifi-
cations, all the wants of the people, present and
future. They accordingly enumerated certain
specific items, and then wound up by saying that
Congress should have ail power necessary and
proper for carrying into execution the foregoing
powers, and all other powers vested in Congress. 1
think it will be ascertained, after all the conscienti-
ous scruples and constitutional objections that have
been ur^ed to the bill now before the committee,
that all those conscientious scruples, and constitu-
tional objections, have originated in the southern
portion of this Confedeiacy. I should be wanting
in candor if I did not say that it does appear to me
to be manifest from this discussion, that the con-
scientious scruples and the constitutional objec-
tion? to the bill will be found to have theii origin
in the southern portion of this Confederacy. It is
possible that there may be found similar objections
in the Northwest; but I presume to say that they
are principally to be found in the South; and I
have a right to presume it, because, by every gen-
tleman who has addressed the committee from
that section of the country, the .same sentiments
have been advanced. For my own part, I have
no conscientious scruples which will deter mc
from voting for this bill, nor do I see any constitu-
tional objections to any feature of it. *
There is one provision in the bill, that seems to
meet with disfavor from those gentlemen who are
willing to support the bill generally, and whose
only objection is to that particular portion of it;
and it is that which provides for taking the census
of the various branches of the Christian church,
the number of the members of the various de-
nominations, &c., &c. To that, I have,'myself,
no objection, nor can I see any constitutional ob-
jection to it. If it had not been inserted, I do not
say that I should be very anxious forjts insertion;
but being there, and a form or schedule being pro-
vided, and it being a perfectly innocent inquiry in
itself; and not only so, but adding that much to
the common stock of knowledge that weshall ob-
tain if the provision be carried out, I am willing,
most cordially to adopt it. I know that the church
has its friends, and has its enemies. I know that
the church is considered to be a most deadly ene-
my to some particular interests. But the relative
strength of each church exists, and we shall not
increase or diminish any power it may possess by
taking an enumeration of its members. The taking
of such enumeration will certainly not give any
impetus to the union of any sects or denomina-
tions for the.purpose of wielding political power.
The strength of the various denominations will
continue in the same relative proportion as though
no such enumeration had ever been made. The
collection of this information will also show the
amount of the numbers of the various Christian
denominations in the aggregate, though, after all,
they will turn out to be only part and parcel of
the population of the United States. And it will
neither add to nor diminish their numbers. It is
not proposed to interpose any law regulating the
church—it is merely proposed to obtain so much
additional information; information that cannot be
obtained in any other way. it is said by gentle-
men here, that there is another and a better way
of getting all this church information; that is, to
obtain it from the church sessions, the proceedings
of which are published to the world by the va-
rious ecclesiastical denominations. Let me assure
gentlemen that there is no danger to be appre-
hended by any party of politicians fiom the church
militant on earth.
There is another particular which has much in-
fluence with me; and it is this: There is a territory
called Deseret, or Utah; that territory is settled
ptincipally, I believe, by a people entertaining pe-
culiar views upon religious subjects. They are
called the "Latter Day Saints." The people of
that territory have made application to Congress
to be admitted into this Confederacy, as an inde-
pendent State or territory. Now, i wish to know
for myself, whether there are any other professing
Christians in that territory, which-is thus seeking
to have a State or territorial government, if it
should turn out, that th^re are there people of no
other religious faith, I should hesitate somewhat,
before granting their request; for the establishment
of a govenrment for it would look very much, it
appears to me, like a union of Church and State,
if people of one single denomination be permuted
 to form for themselves a government.
There is another question, also, that I would
like to see investigated. 1 would like to see the
resources of that people—I would like to see their
physical resources developed; 1 would like to see
some account of their property. Theie has been
a complaint lodged against them, by way of ob-
jection to their being pet mitted to form a State con-
stitution and to be received into the Confederacy,
that they have levied duties upon tlie citizens of
the United States passing through their country,
and that they have com nutted other aggressions
upon our citizens. I would like to see. what power
they have thete—what right they have to enforce
the collection of any such duties. I would like to
ascertain the number of the inhabitants, and the
religion they profess; 1 would like to ascertain
whether they are all of the same religious faith.
And there are other important matters m this bill,
and in the schedules attached to it, which I would
like to have investigated; not that i have any per-
sonal interest in them, other than that which I
hold in common with my fellow-citizens in the
South, North, East, and West, and in the great
and growing Northwest. I am a citizen of the
United States, and have feelings in common with
every section of the Confederacy; and, so far as
information that may be procured is of importance
to any section, so far am I in favor of it. My
feelings are not sectional, nor am I a very great
stickler for a strict construction of the Constitu-
tion. I am for that construction which the instru-
ment itself fairly warrants—t am for that con-
struction which it has received a! the hands of the
liberal expounders of the law and the Constitution
in Congress.
And now, one word in regard to the principal
object of the bill. 1 wish to ascertain the number
of citizens of the United States. I wish to know
the sex and the age, and the names also; arid not
only that, but the color, and what the occupation
of each may happen to be. I wish to know how
many freemen and how many bondmen there are
in this country. And another important fact that I
wish to ascertain is, how many of them can read,
how many of them are enlightened, and how many
are in a degraded state, without information and
without instruction. And I desire to see, also, the
amount of the products of mechanical skill and
labor, as well as of the products of the earth. I
want to see what proficiency and what progress
American arts and ingenuity have made since
1840. I want to see how many wooden nutmegs,
horn flints, and basswood hams have been rmde
and sent to the South since the last census. This
is a matter in which the South are interested, for
they are the consumers of these commodities.
[Laughter.] i want to see what is going on, too,
in old Maine.
The gentleman from South Carolina [Mr. Col-
cock] declares that no one is more anxious to
obtain this information than he is, but his con-
stitutional scruples will deny him that luxury. I
would like to see what is going on in the State
of New York. 1 would like to know how their
agricultural interests are progressing. I would
like to know the present state of the manufacturing
interests in Massachusetts. I would like to see
how things are going on in the " Old Dominion.*'
I would like to know what progress they have
made in the last ten years. She has always hem
regarded as among the foremost of the producing
States. I would be glad to ascertain whether her
agricultural and manufacturing, and ail the various
interests of the people of that great State, are in a
flourishing condition or not. I would like to know
what progress has been made in Kentucky m the
raising of hemp. I would like to know whether
! they raise more than sufficient to hang the grow-
I eis; and 1 should like to learn what progress has
been made in the process of water-rotting hemp.
All these matters, I apprehend, come properly
within the provision of our constitutional power.
I am sure we have heard discussion enough about
hemp, and the mode of rotting it, to create an in-
terest in the subject in the minds of very many of
the members in this House.
Lastly, I would like to know something about
Pennsylvania. And J am not ashamed to seek for
the information that is proposed to he obtained by
the provisions of this bill. 1 would have that in-
formation carefully hunted up. I would have it
diligently searched for, as with a search-warrant.
1 would inqune into the operations of the farmers
and manufacuuers of Pennsylvania. What wouJct
be the result> It would be to show, that that great
State possesses a superabundance of wealth; that
she Ims vast furnaces and mills for the manufac-
ture of iron, with which the mountains of that
State abound. It would be found that she has am-
! pie resources to supply the woild; but it would
also be found, that those furnaces and manufaeto-
! ries of hers are standing still; and that their oper-
atives ore being dismissed, and are searching for
other emp'oymeni. Tins lamentable fact will be
foui.d; and it will not'be difficult to ascertain the
I cause of this unfortunate state of things in Penn-
j sylvania, m Massachusetts, and in other States,
1 where they manufacture iron, cotton, and other
! important staple products of the country. U will
! be found—not that free labor canrtot compete with
the pauper labor of Europe—but that it is brought
into competition with the slave labor of our own
country. The worst enemy that intrudes into the
free States of this Union, is that of their own
household. The worst and most destructive ene-
my that labor has e\er encountered in this coun-
try, has been slave labor, as evidently appears
from the testimony of gentlemen in tbis"Congr<-ss.
I am not disposed to take up much of the time of
this House in the discussion of these matters; bur I
felt called upon, inasmuch as the discussion to
close to-morrow, to produce the authority by which
