1850.
THE CONGRESSIONAL ©LOBE.
1955
the contract, and it accumulates after the debt falls
due, and arisesand follows thedebtas an incident.
So of a debt payable on demand, interest is only
allowable after demand.
So, " interest is in general allowed where one
man retains money of another against his consent."
(Binn. Rep ) Where interest is thus flowed,
it is always the result of usage or custom, extend-
ing the principles of the statute establishing a rate
of interest. It is in fact damages.
Now, sir, applying to the Government the same
rules as exi-st under the laws in the States, be-
tween individuals, it is believed that they would not
authorize the allowance of interest in such a case
as the present, even if it were such a claim as in
equity it was bound to pay.
it will not be pretended that any express contract
existed in this case to pay interest; and I need not
remark further on this branch of the definition.
Was there any money detained belonging to the
claimants by the United States against their con-
sent? It is enough to say that no money was ever
in the Treasury belonging to them, and of course
could not be detained.
A simple statement of the facts, showing the
origin of the claim, will establish more conclusive-
ly than any argumentof mine can do, that interest
was not payable by the United States, nor by indi-
viduals, if the transaction could be assimilated to
private affairs, in 1773, the Indians of the Creek
and Cherokee nation being indebted to Galphm
and others, traders among them, executed a deed
of conveyance of certain land in Georgia to the
Crown of Great Britain, in trust, to be sold for the
payment ot these debts. The legal title must of ne-
cessity have been vested in the Crown, to enable
it to make title. The lands were not sold before
the Revolution—the consequence of which was,
the legal title being in the Crown, a successful
revolution vested it in the colony of Geoigia.
The Indian title was by this means effectually
divested and gone forever. It had passed from
them by their conveyance, and from their trustee
by revolution; and like everybody else, they could i
only look for their rights against their trustee. If •,
the law exonerated him, they had no remedy— |
so too if their cestui que trust had the j^ght to !
move at all, it could only be in the same direction, j
Georgia got the lands. The States, as united, !
neither under the Confederation or the Union had
anything to do with this trust. To assert that the |
United States were liable, would be to make the
Union legal successor of Great Britain, and liable
for the engagements of the Crown, it would be a
new doctrine to assert that a successful revolution
in a remote colony was, notwithstanding, subject
to the burdens and liabilities of the parent Govern-
ment. It was not the Confederation or the Union
that was successor to Great Britain in regard to soil
or territory in the colonies—the colonies them-
selves were the successors. A voluntary delega-
tion of certain powers by these colonies gave life
to the Confederacy, and vitality, eventually, to the
Union. This being the case, if the claim of Gal-
phm could be urged as a legal claim against any
supposed debtor, it must be against Georgia, the
successor as to the lands in question, and not
against the Union. But how could it be a claim
against Georgia? The Iand3 had not been pledged
to Gaiphin and others; only the proceeds; and if
nothing was ever realized no claim on the lands
would exist. I make these remarks, Mr. Speaker,
to meet an idea that I have heard advanced, that
the trust being destroyed by the revolution, Gal-
phm was damnified, and hence has a legal demand
against the Government, if this were a true po-
sition—which I presume will be contended for by
but few—then the only claim that would exist
would be for damages. The Treasury Department
was not authorized in this case to assess damages,
nor did they attempt to do so. If they had been
allowed to settle the claim on the principle of dam-
ages, it might have gone far above, or far below, the
amount awarded in the case. They were not so
regarded by the act—they were simply an account-
ing department, authorized to ascertain amounts
by the usual arithmetical means. The department
is never authorized to assess damages unless the
authority is expressly given—nor did it do so here,
but allowed interest on a debt, upon the principle,
either that it was an ascertained amount to be paid
at a fixed period, or that it was to be paid on de-
mand, and a demand made; or it was for money
wrongfully detained against the consent of the
claimants. When interest is allowable as an inci-
dent of a debt, the debt must be liquidated—-it must
be payable presently, with an agreement to pay in-
terest, of at some fixed period, or on demand, or
it must be a 3um certain, wrongfully detained, to be
followed by interest as a compensation from the
moment of the wrongful detainure. I may sustain
this position by quoting from a case decided in the
Supreme Court of Pennsylvania—a court as emi-
ment for legal learning as any court m the Union—
in which it is said, " where there is no usage, no
precise time for payment fixed, ntf account ren-„
deredor demand made, it is not usual to direct inter-
est to be allowed." 12Ser. & Rawle's Rep. Now,
sir, treating this as debt against the United States,
was there any time fixed for payment ? This will
not be contended. When was there an account
rendered or demand made ? Never, it will be con-
ceded, until the first application to Congress, even
if that may be considered a demand, in 1837. If it
had been a debt existing against the United States
without any time fixed for payment, perhaps the
applM&tion in 1837 might be considered a sufficient
demand, and interest, if there was a preexisting ob-
ligation to pay the debt, might have authorized
interest to that period. This could only be so if
there was a valid demand. Well, sir, how was
interest allowed in this case?—to 1837? No, sir,
it was calculated back to 1773, before either the
Confederation or Union existed. It could not have
bceta a debt presently due against either, as
neither existed; and some act was necessary to
make one or both answerable for interest—that
act, in the most favorable view of the case, must
have been through the medium of an "account
rendered and a demand made?" but this was
not done till 1837. On the principle, then, of the
case cited, it seems to me beyond the reach of the
accounting department to allow interest as an in-
cident. If a court could notdo it, ^presume it will
not be denied that the department, only authorized
to acton principles settled and fix^d by existing;
laws, could not do so either. There possibly
might be cases in which a debtor, to relieve him-
self against the superadded burden of interest,
might be obliged to follow his creditor and pay his
debt withoutademand, where no time for payment
was fixed; but this can never be a rule of action for
a government. Its sovereignty may require that
application be mride at its place of business for
liquidation and payment of demands, and this
is always so. Suppose, for the sake of the argu-
ment, T should admit this Government to have been
liable for the claim in question, yet " there being
no account rendered," no "demand made," and
"no time fixerl for payment," how could interest
be allowed? Yet interest has been allowed, and
allowed back to 1773, three years before the Decla-
ration of independence uself, and sixteen years be-
fore the existence of the Government from which the
payment isdemanded. During these sixteen vears
this Government could have been in no default un-
der any possible aspect of the case, for it did not
exist, and of course could have no knowledge
of the debt until a demand was made. There was
no treaty, no record that it was bound to take no-
tice of, and could only be required to pay, if an-
swerable at all, when notice was given and de-
mand made, which, as before observed, was not
until 1837. It is not necessary to remark, that our
present Constitution and form of Government did
not come into existence until 1789. The only
thing that remained of its predecessor after that pe-
riod was the compacts and agreements existing
under it.' There certainly was no agreement existing
with it to pay this claim. This, I believe, has never
been contended.
But f will here state another principle, from 9fh
Pickering's Reports, on the subject of interest: it is
there laid down that " where money is payable
over, the defendant is not a wrong-doer in acquir-
ing and detaining it—interest is to be computed
from the service of the writ." This is the com-
mencement of a suit, and a suit is defined to be a
" legal demand of one's rights." It is only to be
computed from the period of legal demand. This
would leave the claim for interest to exist only from
the passage of the act, if allowable at all,.as an in-
cident. But independent of the legal presumption
that Government, as such, "can do no wrong,"
there certainly is no fact going to show that the
Government was a wrong doer in acquiring or re-
taining any money belonging to the Galphins. It
i never acquired and never detained any. The con-
verse of this proposition is stated in the same book
to be " when the law by implication, makes.it tha*
duty of the party to pay money without a previous
demand, the interest may be recovered." Was it
the duty of this Government at any time to pay this
demand before it was actually paid? It could not
know of its existence—it was nowhere on its re-
cords—it was not for services rendered to it. It
existed sixteen years before the Government ex-
isted; and if answerable at all, how couid a duty
exist to pay what it did not know to exist, or who
were the claimants?
Should it ever be supposed that the Government
was liable as a trustee, and hence interest was com-
putable as an incident, the answer is, that it was
never trustee. Trustees are created either by
express contract; by operation of law, called re-
sulting trusts; or ex mala Jicio—by bad faith.
There was no express trust, for this rests on con-
tract, and no such contract exists. There was no
resulting; trust, because this only exists where
something has been received and held in trust.
Nothing has ever been received—no money—no
land. There has been no trust created by bad.
faith or ex mala jicio% which occurs where one at-
tempts to convert the property of another to his
own use, by a breach of faith reposed, such as un-
dera promise to take care of it for another, but
permitting it to be sold and buying it in for his own
use. The law, in such a case, makes the buyer
trustee, ex mala Jicio. But I will dismiss this view
of the case by the remaik, that a trustee is only
answerable to pay interest as an incident, where he
makes money out of the trust fund, or where it
was his duty to have put it out to interest, and did
notdo so. I presume it will not be easy to show
that the Government was trustee in this case, or
that it made money out of the trust property.
Mr. Speaker, I have thus far stated the prin-
ciples established regarding interest where it
exists by virtue of positive law, and as the
courts have administered it between individuals
under State regulations and usages. I have been
discussing its payment as an incident, and as
such incident it was allowed in this case; for I
may safely affirm that in the act of the 14th of
August, it was not directed to be paid, or could be
allowed ex vi termini -from anything contained in
the act. I will now state another principle, both
applicable and 3ound in its relation to this case,
namely: that the Government is not bound to pay
interest in any case as an incident of a debt. I
have examined with some care, but in vain, Jo
find any general law of Congress which directs it.
If there exists no such law, the Government, un-
like individuals living within State jurisdictions, is
under no paramount le^al obligation to pay it.
Until by enactment, or the adoption of some rule
to require it, the Government cannot, by any im-
plication or common law rule, be required to pay
it. On this subject she is necessarily supreme;"
and until the exercise of this supremacy m favor
of the principle, it cannot come under any such
obligation. Why is it that this is true? Simply
upon the presumption conclusive of the fact, that
the Government always pays her debts when
legally convinced that they exist. When unable
to do so, stock bearing interest is either issued, or
the debt is funded to bear interest; but this is ex
gratia, and by express direction. It has no rela-
tion to interest as an incident. It arises from the
fact that the debt is due and owing, and is agreed
to be paid in the future, with interest. Interest is
not allowed prior to the issuing of the stock
or funding the debt, without it be expressly
so declared; and I know of no instance in which
this has occurred. Interest is a statutory regu-
lahtfh. Every State in the Union has estab-
lished their rates of interest, and their courts
have applied them to their internal transactions.
In England, from whence many of the State laws
have been derived, interest was called usury, and
was not recoverable uatil the enactment of the
statute of 37th Henry vlll., which authorized
it. Hence it is said in Ventris, "that no in-
terest is lawful, and it cannot be recovered without
positive law." If, therefore, there be no positive
general law of the Government of the United
States, it cannot be allowed as an incident. That
the understanding^ the department has been to
this effect, cannot now be doubted, as it has been
constantly in the habit of refusing if, unless ex-
pressly ordered to be paid, or a controlling imphca-
i tion exists from the words of the statute that it
