19A6
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
Sept. 24,
■was the clear intention of the Legislature that it
should' be paid. When acts have contained the
direction to settle and pay the " damages," or
to liquidate according to the " principle of equny
and justice,99 interest has been allowed as a con-
venient rule of damages. Although calculated as
interest, it was still but damages. The number of
cases audited and settled since the beginning of the
Government, I learn to be something over 240,000;
and there is perhaps not over one thousand of
them in which interest was allowed. And in no
instance is there a case of allowance, unless where
express direction is given, or belonging to a class
in which it was established, such as the commu-
tation cases of officers of the Revolution. When
the direction in the act of Congress has been to
settle according to " principles of equity and jus-
tice,or to " indemnify," or "allow such dam-
ages as have been sustained," as before remarked,
these and classes of cases established by Congress
as entitled to interest, form an exception to the
uniform practice of the Government. That inter-
est to be allowed must come within some of these
exceptions, is abundantly proved by the casps cited ,
in the able report of the majority of the committee ■
of this House, who investigated this subject on
the application of the Secretary of War. The fol- ;
lowing are some of the opinions of the Attorneys
Genera!, and courts to which they refer:
"The act of Congress does not direct the payment of in-
teiest, nor does it refer to any principles of s-eitlemeut from
which it can be inferred that interest was intended to he al-
lowed."-- Ojnnion Attorney General William Wirt,April3,
18i9.
" The claim for interest it appears the accounting officers
do not think a proper allowance, because the law does not
expressly give interest. As a general rule their view is the
correct one."— Opinion Attorney General B. F. Sutler, 1158.
« I am given to understand that it has not been the prac-
tice of the accounting ofheers of ibe Treasury Department
to allow interest upon an account directed to be settled or
paid by an act of Congress, unless there be in the act i ?.elf
special words to that effect."—Opinion Attorney General
R. Rush.
"There may be cases in which I might think thp head of
a department authonzed to allow interest, but they would
be rare and singular exceptions."—Opinion Attorney Gen-
eral H. S. Legare, April 2, 1842.
" It is confidently believed that in all the numerous acts
of Congress for the liquidation and settlement of claims
against the Government,there is no instance where interest
has ever been allowed; except only where those acts have
expressly directed or authorized itn allowance."—Opinion
Attorney General Crittenden^ June 17, 1841.
"Itis admitted that the Government m general ought not
to pay interest in the abience of special contract to that ef-
fect. It is admitted that this is a stern but necessary ru!p."
—Opinion Attorney General if. S. Legare, December 20,
1843.
So rigidly is the rule adhered to, that interest is
not allowed, although the principles of equity and
the rulings of the law, as between individuals,
may demand it.
"There can be no doubt that the well-established, equita-
ble principle between man ami man, is, in general, the other
way. The exception in favor of the Government has been
established by t^e policy of society, and for the piotection
of the public."—Opinion Attorney General H. S. Legare,
December 20, 1843.
" X am also confirmed in this conclusion by a conviction,
after looking into the original contract and all the papers,
that the claim to interest is agreeable to equity and justice.
This conviction, in the absence of a special reterence, &c.,
8tc., might not perhaps have been sufficient to take the case
out of the general rule stated by the accounting officers,
&c."—Opinion Attorney General B. F. Butler, 1100. *
Nor will the executive department permit this
usage to be set aside, even by judicial authority,
if it be inferior to that of the Supreme Court of
the United States.
"The right of the judge to allow interest was therefore
i unwarranted.''—Opinion Attorney General Crittenden, June
17, 1841.
" I am fully aware of the great weight that ought to be
attached to the decision of the circuit court for the first cir-
cuit, and I have no objection to admit that, us between indi-
viduals, the claim for interest in such a case would be an
equitable and reasonable one; but that is not enough to juUijy
the executive department in deviating from what 1 have al-
ways under-tood to be one of the best ascertained and most
inflexible rules of its administration."
Again:
"If courts of justice allow of a set-off against the United
States, on alleged principles (justice and equity, by way
of mere defence, there is, of course, no remedy for the Gov-
ernment against a final decision to that effect. But when,
on tue strength of such decision as an authority collaterally
binding upon the executive department, these are required
to depart from their clear and fixed ruhs^Imust say that I
cannot assent to the doctrine."—Opinion Attorney General
H, S. Legare, AptilQ, 1842.
So unbending has the rule 6Jfen_ held to be by
the constitutional advisers of the Executive De-
partment, that Mr. Attorney General Legare, as
has been shown, is of opinion, that when a circuit
court allowed it, upon the ground that a reference
of the case to it authorized the usual administra-
tion of the laws as between individuals, that the
department would not be bound to pay it in con-
travention of the general rule on the subject.
Now, Mr. Speaker, is there anything in the
words of the act of 14th August, 1848, to take the
case out of the general rule ? I have shown that
no general rule of interest exists as against the
Government, and that it is only payable when ex-
pressly given, or words used in the act plainly
evincive of an intention to pay more than the prin-
cipal. The allowance of interest in this ease must
be established as an exception to the general rule.
What words are there in it creating this exception ?
Where are there any words of equivalent force to
an express direction to pay it? There must be
express words, or words of equal import. The
act is as follows:
* - * " That the Secretary of the Treasury be, and he
is hereby, authorized and required to examine and adjust
the claim of the lute George Galium, underthe treaty made
by the Governor of Georgia with the Creek and Cherokee
Indian", in the year 177.!, and pay the amount due mMil-
Ied<;e Galphin, out of any money in the Treasury notmher-
wise appropriated."
Now, sir, these are the words. The first re-
mark I will make is, that from the principles 1
have cited, no interest could be due to Milledge
Galphin as against the Government "until a demand
or account is rendered." This upon general princi-
ples. Pursuing, then, thesegeneral principles, noth-
ing could have been looked to as due for interest
until demand. The judicial mind must stop at
this point. If this be so, then the only claim in
any event would be for interest from 1837; and
this will depend again upon whether this was a
demand based upon a preexisting debt, which 1
think it was not. If, then, no interest in any con-
tingency could be allowed beyond this point of
time upon principle, was there a direction pre-
cluding this exercise of mind, a requirement not to
observe established usages, but to add up a certain
sum and pay it? If the Secretary was required to
see that a claim existed for interest, he must see it
through some rule; the rule then would certainly
strike him that interest could not be allowed until
demand made, because the Government could not
know that there ever would be a claim for either
principal or interest. This rule would have bound
him if he depended upon principles of law; and if
he so far misunderstood these principles as to al-
low the interest, and previously not only to a de-
mand, butto the existence of the Governmentupon
which the demand could be made, then is his de-
termination;wrong, and the money may be recov-
ered back. He can only escape from this difficulty
by asserting that interest is expressly allowed by
the act, and that he was precluded from an inves-
tigation on principle, because of the mandatory
nature of the act of Congress. I speak of the Sec-
retary of the Treasury being the acting agent of
the Government; but I must say, in justice to that
officer, that he possessed the advice of the Attor-
ney General of the United States m making and
affirming the right to make the payment.
Now, sir, are the words of the act plainly de-
i claratory of a legislative intent to allow interest?
! The words upon svhich it is claimed that interest
! is directed to be allowed by the act are, that the
Secretary be authorized to " examine and adjust
the claim of the late George Galphin, under the
treaty made with the Creek and Cherokee Indians
in 1773.'' Now, do not these words distinctly
mark out a necessary duty to be performed in re-
lation to the principal ? it was his duty to examine
the evidences that were to establish the existence
of the treaty—of the amount settled and fixed by
it, as due Galphin, and every mmutia; that might
exist in relation to it; and having so done, to ad-
just and pay it. That is, have the vouchers in
such form and shape, and from such proper agents
as might be entitled to receive it. Had the claim
rested on the records of a court, it would have
been the duty of the department to examine the
evidence of it, and adjust the precise debt before
paying it. These records were all necessary to
settling and paying the principal; if so, they
I ought not to have been extended further, and made
to cover the interest. Bu: he was to examine and
adjust the "claim" of the late GeoVge Galphin,
under the treaty of 1773, with the Indians. The
claim under that treaty wa<s for a precise sum,
over $40,000, but in sterling money—pounds,
shillings, and pence. The claim was a debt due
by the Indians to Galphin, and was arranged to be
paid as lands were sold by the Crown. The re was
no stipulation to pay interest. This being so, is it
not the fair presumption that interestwas compen-
sated for in the gross sum fixed ? If not so, why
was interest not stipulated to be paid by the In-
dians ? Why was this not settled as well as the
debt ? The objeet of the treaty was to fix the liabil-
ity of the parties. Why was it not done ? Indian
treaties have always been minute and particular,
to prevent future dissatisfaction and disregard of
treaty stipulations. So, indeed, has it been usually,
if not always the case, in treaties between civilized
nations, to stipulate for interest if intended to be
required. But the claim that led to this treaty,
was for a gross sum—not for interest. If, then,
there was no stipulation for the payme of inter-
est under the treaty of 1773, how could it be al-
lowed as an incident as against i his Government in
the absence of an agreement to pay it? It may
be said that we assumed this debt; if so, was it
not under the implication that we were to be bound
in its payment only to the extent of the rule fixed
and practiced upon by the Government ? if that
rule prohibits the payment of interest, is not the
assumption circumscribed by that rule? Nothing
but an express direction to pay it, can overcome
this principle; and I have shown that this express
direction was not given—that every word of the
act of 14th of August, was necessary in describing
what was assumed, and in executing the assump-
tion and paying it. What, then, takes it out of the
rale ? The law, the usages of the department, and
uniform practice are against it; and no words are
employed e'xclusivelyapplicable to it; and I there-
fore infer and argue, that it was wrongfully allowed,
and may be recovered back.
Mr. MEADE said the gentleman from Pennsyl-
vania had inquired of his colleague, whether the
committee had considered the question of the
jurisdiction of the court? The chairman of the
Judiciary Committee had not replied to the ques-
tion; and he would take occasion, therefore, to say,
that the committee were not all of the same opinion,
of the chairman as to liability and jurisdiction.
Mr. THOMPSON, of Pennsylvania, said as he
had replied to such questions as had been asked
him, andt as there was no disposition to debate
now, he would demand the previous question.
Mr. PEATHERSTON appealed to the gentle-
man from Pennsylvania to withdraw the demand
for the previous question.
Mr. THOMPSON declined to withdraw the de-
mand.
Mr. McLANE, of Maryland, moved to lay the
bill upon the table.
Mr. BROOKS rose to make an inquiry of the
chairman.
Objections were made.
The SPEAKER. It is objected to, and no de-
bate or conversation is now in order.
The question was put on the motion to lay the
bill on the table, and it was not agreed to.
Mr. BROOKS inquired if the bill had been
printed? .
The SPEAKER replied, that it had only just
been reported To the House; consequently it had
not been printed.
The demand for the previous question was sec-
onded, and the main question ordered to be put.
Mr. FEATHERSTON, (addressing the Chair.)
Is it in order to move to lay the resolution upon
the table?
The SPEAKER. It is not m order, the pre-
vious question having been seconded. The main
question was on ordering the joint resolution to a
third reading. . .
The question was taken, and decided in the
affirmative.
So the joint resolution was ordered to a third
reMrnSBROOKS rose and was recognized by the
Chair. He said, for the purpose of obtaining time
to read the bill, 1 move that itbe laid on the table. It
is a matter in which ail of us have some interest, and
it is one which calls for investigation before we
act upon it.
Cries of " Order," from all sides.
The SPEAKER. If there be no objection, the
ioint resolution will be read a third time.
Mr. BROOKS. T object to the third reading of
the resolution to-day.
Mr. OTIS. I move that therules be suspended
so as to enable the resolution to be read a third
time.
