862
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
April 30,
we propose to pass this act. (t is to be found in the
very book that was produced here by the gentle-
man from Georgia, who has conscientious scru-
ples in regard to'this matter. I felt bound to read
some passages, in order to satisfy the scruples
of gentlemen, and to show them our power,
under the Constitution, to legislate upon this or
upon any other subject that will have a tendency
to improve or ameliorate the condition of our
countrymen. This Constitution is our own; it
belongs to the people of the United States; they
have the right to do with it as they please so Jong
as they keep jt inviolate—so long as they make it
the ark of the covenent—so that the people of this
country may be shielded and protected by it.
They are the great expounders of this instru-
ment—it has been so decided, time and again; and
we are told here, for the first time, by gentlemen
who declare that they want this information—that
we have no constitutional power to procure it.
They say they are anxious for full information,
but that they have conscientious scruples on the
subject, and the great tenderness of their con-
sciences denies to them the right to procure it.
Let them look at the Constitution itself, and the
construction which it has received by the Supreme
Court, and by Congress, and by almost immemo-
rial usage; and in all these, I can discover nothing
to make me hesitate for a moment to vote for the
provisions contained in this bill.
But there is another very important provision
in one of the schedules of the bill, and it is that
which provides for taking the censnsof the colored
population, in which the persons taking the
census are directed to record the names and de-
grees of color of the colored population. Now,
what is the great object of this? It is to know
what proportion of them are of the African race,
fully, and what proportion are of mixed race; and
it will determine a very important fact. The
question has been stalled, as to whether the whole
human race originated from one common parent-
age. Now, I think that if we ascertain these facts
in regard to color, it will give some clue to the as-
certainment of the truth m regard to this question;
and that it may ultimately be ferreted out in a
manner that will be entirely satisfactory. There-
fore it is of the first importance that we should
know, not only the number, but also the color,
and the shade, or degree of color of that class of
our population. Much depends upon this, and
much depends upon another important fact. We
shall know, if the census be taken correctly, the
number of freemen in the Uniied States. We
shall know the number of slaves in the United
States. We shall know the number of ignoiant
and degraded, whether bond or free, black or
white. It is important that the number of slaves
should be ascertained, and the Constitution re-
quires it, because a portion of the representation
in this House is predicated upon the slave popu-
lation. Now, I should be glad to know what ob-
jection there can be, while taking the census,
to collect the information that is indicated in the;
various schedules attached to this bill. We !
'should ascertain not only the number of Afn- |
cans now held in servitude, but their various i
employments would be ascertained, and the re- '
suits of that employment known. The pursuits i
in life, of all the inhabitants of every State, j
would be set forth in bold relief, and I appre- !
hend that there would be no reluctance on the
part of the people of any section, to withhold the j
necessary information. Why should Virginia be \
ashamed to compare her resources with those of
any Srate in the Union. She i.as the largest ter-
ritory, the best soil, and the most congenial climate
of any State. She is second to no State, in point
of natural advantages; but, 1 suppose it will turn
out in this way; I suppose it will turn out that
Pennsylvania has increased in population faster
than Virginia. It will tutn out by comparison,
that Ohio has increased faster than Kentucky; ;
.and so of Indiana, Illinois, and other northern .
and western States. We know the fact to be so;
and we know, also, that every successive census, ;
will show a greater and greater disparity. I wish j
the information obtained, in order that the whole
reading world may know the exact state of things.
Finally,.! can see no objections to any of the ,i
provisions of the bill, and therefore I shall give it I
my cordial support H
Mr. VINTON obtained the fbor, and said he j!
should move to amend the first section of the bill, j j
by striking out all after the word u enumerated,"
so as to include the motion heretofore made by
his colleague.
Mr. V. was proceeding to address the com-
mittee, but yielded at the request of Mr. Swbbt-
ser, who desired to make an explanation.
Mr. SWEETSER referred to the allusion made
j by the gentleman from Pennsylvania [Mr. Howe]
to the inhabitants of Deseret, which he said was
the second unfavorable allusion that had been
made to that people during this debate, and said,
as they had no repiesentative upon the floor, he
felt bound to repel these allusions. He did not
know for what object they were made, unless it
were to prejudice the House against the applica-
tion of that people for the extension of a govern-
ment to them. They had been represented as a
set of men banded together upon the confines of
civilization in the West for the purpose of robbery
and outrage. He stated that, having made in-
quiries upon the subject, he had received authen-
tic information, which warranted htm m saying that
such representations were without foundation in
truth. He refened to an instance of a citizen of his
own State, who, in passing through that territory
with his wife, was accidentally killed, and the wife
was protected and cared for by that people in a man-
ner which must command the approbation of every
citizen. He refened to another similar instance
of the hospitality and kindness of that people
while they were upon the Western Reserve, in
Ohio. He expressed the opinion that the unfa-
vorable allusions which had been made to the con-
duct of the Mormans while in Illinois, were equally
without foundation, and represented them as an
inoffensive, peaceful, industrious people, who dis-
charged all the obligations that could rest upon
the most civilized arid Christian community. He
made these statements upon the testimony of reli-
able persons having no sympathy with the peculiar
religious views of that people.
Mr. VIN TON said, he had risen for the pur-
pose of diawmg the attention of the committee to
two amendments, which it was his intention to
offer to the bill whenever it shall be in order for
him to propose them. The bill now before the
committee provides only for the taking of the sev-
enth census of the United States, without looking
to the future. The Constitution of the United
States makes provision for an equitable appor-
tionment of Repiesentatives among the several
Stales, at stated intervals of ten years, according
to the number of their people. To accomplish
this in a way to leave nothing to the discretion of
Congress, whether to do it or not, it provides that
the first enumeration of the inhabitants " shall be
1 made within three years after the first meeting of
J the Congress of the United States, and within
j every suosequerit teim of ten years, in such man-
i ner as they shall by law direct." if this clause had
i simply directed that a census should be taken
I every ten years for the apportionment of Repre-
j sentatives among the States, peihaps in case of
! an omission by Congress to pass a law regulating
j the mode of taking the enumeration, it might be
j the duty of the Piesident to see that this require-
; mem of the Constitution was carried into effect.
: But as the Constitution deelaies that it shall be
i done in such manner as Congress shall by law di-
■ rect, it is vei y clear that if at any time Congress
j should fail to make legal provision for it, the Pres-
' ident would have no power to take the census.
! From this two consequences must follow: first,
! that there could be no apportionment of Repre-
j sentatives; secon I, that there could be no House
! of Representatives after the tune when by the
! Constitution the apportionment should be made.
\ And thus by such an omission the House wouid
j be dissolved and theGovernment m fact unhinged,
| without the possibility of reorganizing the House, ,
j and putting the law-making power in motion again -
i by any constitutional mode. Now the bate totaling '
of these consequences must, I think, satisfy every 1
gentleman that the Constitution contemplated, so
far at least as the enumeration of the inhabitants
: is concerned,some permanent legal piovi&mn; and
til! that is done, it is apparent that the Guvern-
! ment is only temporarily organized, instead of-
, permanently, whien both wisdom and p.udence ■
j dictates it should he. No one can foretell wh.;n or ,!
how soon the passage of a census act may be defeat- ,
ed, and the Government thus brought to an end. To '!
provide against such a contingency, 1 have drawn J
up a section declaring that this act shall continue h
in force till altered or repealed; and that any fu-
ture census shall be taken in pursuance to it, in
case Congress shall omit to pass an act for that
purpose, on or before the first day of January of
any year when the census is required to be taken.
This will secure the execution of that important
provision of the Constitution,'and put the Gov-
ernment beyond the reach of casualty from this
cause. I have no doubt such precautionary pro-
vision has been heretofore omitted from inadvert-
ence; and if it once find its way into a census
act, it will be incorporated into all future acts, and
the certain execution of this provision of the
Constitution effectually secured. The amendment
I propose is harmless and precautionary, and may
be of vital importance. I hope it may receive the
approbation of the committee. Akin to this, there
is another amendment of still higher importance,
which I intend to propose to this bill, but shall
not press it, if gentlemen shall think it would in-
juriously embarrass or delay its passage. The
amendment proposes to organize this House per-
manently, by declaring the number of members
which shall hereafter compose the body. Has it
ever occurred to gentlemen that this House has
never yet been permanently organized? and as a
consequence from this, that theGovernment, as
the country, has had only a temporary organiza-
tion, and must itself dissolve with the dissolution
of this House? Hitherto, after the taking of
each census, the House has been organized foi a
period of ten years only, and to continue only
until another apportionment of members anions the
States under the next succeeding census. There
is no necessity for dissolving the body in order to
apportion the members.
Under the plan of legislation heretofore pursued,
m order to preserve the organization of this House,
and with it the existence of the Government itself,
two important laws must be passed within the
period of every ten years. First a law to take the
census, and then a law to declare what number
of membeis shall constitute the body, arid to
apportion them among the several States. If
either be omitted the Government is unhinged.
The framers of the Constitution never could have
contemplated that the work of their hands, and
the existence of the Government itself, would be
left subject to any such contingency. The original
organization of the House provided for in the Con-
stitution was temporary, for want of a knowledge
of the facts necessary to a wise and permanent
organizaiion. The population of the country was
unknown—a part of it only was inhabited—the
Government was an experiment, arid it was a
matter of opinion only, how it would work in
practice. At the end of more than sixty years,
what was opinion then, is histoiy now, founded
j on actual experience. It was left to Congress to
j frame these two organic* laws, when it should
i possess better lights than the framers of the Con-
stitution had at their command. I think the time
has come when Congress should perform this
duty, and put the existen^p of the Government
beyond hazard from this cause. To provide those
flaws necessary to the self-preservation and per-
petuity of the Government is the very first and
highest duty of those who have the power to
enact them.
Who can undertake to say that a state of things
will never exist when either of the three depart-
ments necessary to the passageof a law will refuse
its sanction to sucn a law, <>r wholly omit to act?
Who can undertake to predict that neither of these
departments will ever be under the power of those
who might desire a dissolution of the Govern-
ment? And if so, must not ail perceive the immi-
|! nent peril to which the Government would lie
j1 subjected when such men would have nothing to
; do to overturn it, but to refuse to pass the laws
necessary to preserve it fiwm dissolution* Can
. we expect, in the progress of our historv, toescapc
1 those dissensions, agnations, and civil commotions
; which have been the lot of eveiy nation that ever
; yet existed ? Can we expect that wc aietolive
. on and accomplish our great destiny without any
, of these calumnies, and in that confidence fat! to
provide for the future J I piopose to {'needy this,
and provide for the permanent orgumz ttion of the
House, by fixing its number permanently. I have
named two bundled as thefu'ure mimhrr of mem-
bers—the apportionment under the next, or any
oiher subsequent census, to be made, as follows:
By a^ivtsion of the whole representative popula-
