1850.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
868
tion of all the States by two hundred, the number
of inhabitants or ratio is ascertained which would
be entitled to a member under the next or any
future census. By another division of the whole
representative population of each State by this
ratio, the number of members to which each
Stale would be entitled is arrived at. In this last
division of the individual States, fractions would
be left that would reduce the number below two
hundred. I propose to supply this loss by giving
members to as many States having the largest
fractions, as will make up the loss, and bring the
number of members up to two hundred.
Now, this arrangement would be attended with
many and great advantages. The first and greatest
of all is, it completes the organization of the Gov-
ernment, and puts it beyond the reach of accident
or faction from this cause. Next, it obviates the
necessity of future legislation in respect to the or-
ganization of the Mouse; and if in futuie it should
be thought by any that the number of the body
"was too large or two small, the burden of show-
ing the necessity of the change would devolve on
its advocates. This is the footing on which all
laws, certainly those which are organic, should
stand. Next, if a permanent number is estab-
lished, it will be likely to be fixed with reference
chiefly, if not solely, to those general considera-
tions of public expediency and convenince, which
ought to be alone regarded in the adoption of
such a measure. Next, it will do away with the
necessity of passing an apportionment law, after
the census shall have bpen taken, and thus save
Congress from the waste of much time and from
a disreputahlecontest about the unrepresented frac-
tions. These which, in the view of a real states-
man, are entitled to no consideration, have unfor-
tunately had more influence in fixing the appor-
tionment, and with it the number of the House,
than all other motives besides. A great waste of
time, for weeks, has been lost in a disreputable
scramble to throw the fractions from one State or
section upon another. The consequence has been,
that a large part of the House has been deeply dis-
satisfied. The work has been usually accom-
plished by a combination of the large States, who
could best afford to bear the loss of the fractions,
hitting upon s-«me ratio that would leave them
with small fractions, and then, with the aid of
such small States as happened to have small frac-
tions also under the proposed ratio, voting it
through without much regard to the number of
the House, and to the injustice done to the small
States. This will be likely to occur again two
years hence, if no provision be now made to or-
ganize the House.
The proposed measure will save the future waste
of time on this subject, as well as future complaints
of injustice or unfair dealing. As one of the mem-
bers of a large State, which can afford as well as
any other to bear the loss of a fraction, ! am will-
ing to waive the advantage Ohio would have over
a small State in the adjustment of an apportion-
ment bill, and that she shall take her equal chance
only with her smaller sisters. 1 know no reason
why the large States, such as Ohio or Virginia,
shall have any advantage over New Hampshire or
Arkansas. The next advantage from fixing the
number of the members now is, that it would save
the Slates much expense and inconvenience. The
census cannot be taken and returned to Congress
before the first session of the next Congress, in
December, 1851. There is not the remotest pro-
bability that Congress would pass a bill to fix the
number of the House under that census, and ap-
portion the members among the States till long
after the sessions of the State legislatures for that
year had closed. The consequence will be, as I
believe it was under the last apportionment, that
a special session of every State legislature through-
out the Union must be called for the special pur-
pose of dividing the States into congressional dis-
tricts. To tfet five or six thousand members of
the State legislatures together for this purpose
alone, is a burden and inconvenience that ought
not to be unnecessarily imposed on the States.
I regard this as a proposition of great import-
ance. I think the House should be permanently
organized, and put beyond ail hazaid of dissolu-
tion as far as legislation can give it stability. But
stiH, if in the general opinion of the committee
the measure would seriously delay the bill, or
endanger its passage, I shall not press it; but, in
that case, shall bring it forward as a distinct prop-
osition, and ask for a select committee to consider
ai d report upon it. One word on the subject of
the number of members which ought to compose
the body. 1 have proposed two hundred; but I
consider that to be a matter quite subordinate to
the main object of establishing the House on a
permanent basis. My own opinion is, however,
that the proposed number is too large rather than
too small. I think'we have, to some extent, been
misled on this subject, by forming our opinions
upon examples of legislative assemblies abroad,
especially England.
Now it should be remembered that in Great
Britain and France, the same body supervises all
local and municipal subjects, and legislates for
them all. If this House had a like junsdiction
and like duties to perform for all of this gieat
country, it would be indispensably necessary that
the number of the members should be large, to
bring into it the necessary amount of local knowl-
edge and local feeling; but when it is remembered
that Congress possesses only general powers, such
as to regulate commerce, the currency, to declare
war, levy taxes which are uniform, and other gen-
eral powers, it is quite apparent there is little
necessity for minute local knowledge. Compre-
hensive general knowledge is what is wanted. I
have no doubt that four or five members would
represent the State of Ohio as well as twenty-one.
Indeed, 1 do not know that a case has ever arisen
during my twenty years experience here, in
which I have given a vote different from what I
should have done, if I had lived in any other dis-
trict of my State. But I will not weary the com-
mittee with further remarks—my main object was
to bring this important subject distinctly to its
notice.
Mr. VINTON'S propositions were read fltr in-
formation, as follows:
Beit enactcd,$c} That tins aci shall continue in force
until alreied or rept alcd ; and if no oilier law be pas-ed pio-
vuhrigfor the taking of any subsequent census of the United
Stole*, on or before the first day of January of any year
when, by lite Constitution of the Uniitid Stales, any futuie
enumeration of the inhabitants thereof is required to he
taken, Mich cenMts shall, hi ail things, be taken and com-
pleted according to the provisions of this act.
Jind be ibjurthcr encictcd, That from and after the thud
day of March, one thousand eight hundred and fifty-three,
the House of Ri piesentative-. shall be composed of two
hundred members, to bn apportioned among the several
States m the manner directed in the next section of this
act.
Jind be it further enacted, That so soon as the next and
each subsequent enumeration of the inhabitants of the sev-
eral States, directed by the Constitution o! the United States
to be taken, shall be completed and returned to the office
of the Depaitment of the Intenor, u shall be the duty of the
Secretary of the Interior to ascertain the aggregate repie-
sentalive population of the United States by adding to the
whole number of free persons in all the States, including
those bound to service foi a term of years, and excluding
Indians nor taxed, three fifths of all other persons ; which
aggregate population he shall divide by the number two
huhdied, and the product of such division, rejecting any
portion of an unit, if anv such happen to remain, shall be
the ratio or rule of apportion merit of representatives among
the several State* under such enumeiaiion; and the &atd
Secretary or the Depaitment of the Interior shah then pro-
ceed in the same manner to ascertain the representative
population of each State, and to divide the whole number
oteach State thus found by the rauo already determined
Jjy him a-  above dnects d, and the product of this last divi-
sion shall be the number of Representatives apportioned to
such State under the then last enumeration : Piondcd, That
the hxs in iIih ntuuhci of members caused by the tractions
remaining in the several States on the division of the pop-
ulation theieof, shall he compensated for b\ assigning to
so many States having the 1 \rgevt fraction-*, one additional
member each tor its fraction, a- mav ne neees-my to make
the whole number of Repri-sentetive< two hundred: J3nd
pioaded also, That if, after the a-portionment ot the Rep-
resentatives undei the next or any subsequent ci nsu-. a
new Stale or Slates vhall he admitted into the Union, the
Representative < r Repre-enfanves aligned to ?u< h new
Male or States shall be in addition to the number of Repre-
sentatives herein above limited; whnh e\ce-s of Repie-
^.entarives ovet I wo hundred shall only continue until the
next succeeding apportionment of Repieseiitativcs under
the next succeeding census.
| Mr. V. having concluded—
Mr. STEPHENS, of Geoigia, obtained the
floor; but yielded to a motion by
Mr. CLINGMAN, that the committee rise.
The motion having been agreed to, the commit-
tee rose and reported progress.
Mr. DICKEY, fiomthe Committee on Enrolled
Bills, made, a teport.
Mr. McLA.NE, of Maryland, moved that the
House proceed to the business upon the Speaker's
table.
The SPEAKER said the motion was not in
order, except by unanimous consent, as the "morn-
ing hour" had not yet expired.
THE PUBLIC PRINTING.
Mr. MEADE asked the unanimous consent of
the House to introduce a resolution of inquiry, to
be referred to the select committee on the public
printing.
The resolution was read for information, a3 fol-
lows:
Resolred, That the special committee of nine, to whom
was referred the subject of the Government printing, inquire
into the expediency of establishinga pruning office on Gov-
ernment account, to do the public printing, and report by bill
or otherwise.
The resolution having been read—
Objection was made.
So the resolution was not received.
A motion was made that the House adjourn;
but was waived for the moment.
The SPEAKER said that the House had here-
tofore ordered the report of the Commissioner of
Patents to be printed, a portion of which had been
received. The agricultural portion had now been
laid upon the Speaker's table, the order to print
having been adopted by the House; and if there
was no objection, this portion would be referred
to the Committee on Stents.
No objection having been made, it was ordered
accordingly.
And then the House adjourned.
PETITIONS, &c.
The following petitions, memorials, &c., were
presented under the rule, and referred to the ap-
propriate committees:
By M/. MOORE: The petition or Whitall, Brother & Co.,
and 337 otheis; aHo, of John YVandell & Son, and 419
other*; William S Hansell fie Son, and 12? others; Thomas
A. Wnght and 3U3 others; J. T. L. F. Delacroix and 202
other-; J. C. Iteves & Co., and 374 others; J. Palmer &
Co., mid 384 othcis ; John Welsh, jr. and 60 others ; S. B.
Johnson and 131 others; Anthony Green and 123 others*;
all citizens of the city and county of Philadelphia, asking a
reduction in the rates of postage.
By Mr. HARLAN: The petition of Jocoh Karn^ and 90
others, citizens o! the county of Lasrrange, m the State of
Indiana, hi favor oi the application of the, ordinance ot 1787
to all the territories recently acquire d fiom Mexico.
By Mr. BISSELL- The memorial of William H. Owen,
praying Congress to allow him compensation lor services
rendeied in carrying express, 8tc., in Mexico.
By Mr. STETSON: The p< tition of 77 citizens of Lee,
Maine, for the piohibition of slavery m the teiritorie>.
Also, the petition of Andrew J. Herrimau and 41 others,
citizens of Wellington. Maine, tor cheap po-tagt.
By M.\ YOUNG: The memorial of William B.Archer
and others, d -le^ates to the Vandaha Convention, praying
lor the right of v\ d\ for the Mississippi and Atlantic Railroad,
from a point oppositeTerre Haute, Indiana, to lilmoistowu,
in the State of Illinois.
By Mr. PHELPS: The remonstrance 6f A. H. Evans, of
St. Louis, Mi-sourt, against the petition of the cily ot St.
Louis praving for the grant of ceMaiu lands in the vicinity
of *aid city.
By Mr JULTAN: The petition'of 53 citizens of Henry
countj, Indiana, praying Congress to repeal all laws by
which slavery or the slave trade is supported in the District
of Columbia.
Also, the petition of 57 citizens of same county, praying
Congress to establish and piotcct freedom in all the territo-
ries of the United States.
Also, the petition of 53 citizens of same county, praying
Congress to piovide a trial by jury lor alleged fugitives Irom
labor.
Also, the petition of 58 citizens of same county, asking
Congress to retuse the admK—ion of any mote sla^ e States.
Also, the petition of 70 oiher citizens of Indiana, praying
Congress to refuse the admission of any more slavV Stales,
ami establish freedom in all the territories of the United
States.
By Mr. JOHNSON, of Arkansas: The memoiial of old
seui< rs, Cherokee.-.
At-o, the petition of citizens of Lafayette county, Arkan-
sas and Claiborne ParKh, Louisiana, lor post-ro.ul.
Also, the petition ot James- S. Dwilarlnrie and William IC.
M' K>an, oftifer-- in the Me.xie an vvm, for bounty m land.
By Mr. PUTNAM: A memoiial ot the members of the
bar lesidtng in ihe eount.v of Genesee New \ ork, r< pre-
senting that the mcre?.-]iig commerce, and ioiim quent liti-
gation ot the* w tstrrn ['art of the j-aid State, requne gr< aier
tacihtn « for the tian^iiction ot leijal busmen in the* points
ot the United St..tes. and pra>mg that a new judicial dis-
j trie t he established for the western part of said State.
By.Mr. WALDO. The petition of Jo-hun R. Jew< t', of
i Gianln. Connecticut, toi seven years half pay nt Ins father
w ho \\ as a capiain m the revolutionary war, and was ktllt d
' at FlathiHi, Long Lland.
i Also, the petition of Rev. R. H Maine and 60 other.®,
, inhabitant^ of the town of Sunshiny, Connecticut, asking
tor the adoption of measures to settle national controversies
1 by arbttiaiion or by a uw-.-s of nation?.
, AUo, the petition of A. Thompson and 70 others,  n-
! habitants of Berlin, (Kensington Society,) Connecticut, lor
• the e>a.n<* objects.
J Bv Mr. PRESTON KFNG* The petition of 533 citizens
[ of Rochester, New York, ag. m-t the passage ot an} mure
. stringent law for the r< captuie of fugitive slave?.
1 Also, the petition of citizens ot R.awmmJle, Niagara
conn >. New York, for the; repeal ot all laws ena« t.-d or
adopted by Congress lor the support of slaveiy in the Dis-
trict of Columbia.
Also, the petition of the same citizens for the protection
of freedom iu the territories.
