-v ''IX'
1958
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
Sept, 24,
In Jjie next place, the State is to pay out of its
own Treasury the whole expense of the sales and
the taking care of the land; so that the whole
price of the land shall go unreduced as a fund for
the object stated; and if any portion of the fund is
diminished, the deficiency is to be made up by the
State, so that the fund shall always be kept up for
the purpose indicated. Now what is that pur-
pose ? The State pledges itself ,to devote the
interest arising from this fund to the support and
maintenance and proper medical treatment of the
insane within her borders.
Mr. VINTON having obtained permission to
make an inquiry, said, suppose the stock in which
the funds are invested does not yield six percent.,
is there any provision in the bill by which the
State is compelled to make up the deficiency?
Mr. BISSELL said, in reply, that the only re-
quirement upon the States was, that they sh<Hild
keep the original fund inviolate, and that the inter-
est, or the profit derived from its use, whatever that
interest or profit might be, should be devoted to
the support of the insane persons within the State,
to be placed in regularly-organized hospitals
erected for the purpose, with a suitable corp3 of
officers, and under regular medical supervision.
One object being, of course, to induce the State to
erect institutions of this sort, so that the insane,
instead of being kept, as they are now in many
cases, in cells and dungeons and cellars, in jails
and poor-houses, might have provided for them
regularly-organized institutions, where they might
receive that care and attention and treatment
which enlightenment and medical science had
found so jmportant to the restoration of their fac-
ulties. The bill further provided (he said) that no
portion of this interest should be paid out for the
support or maintenance of any insane persons
who were kept in private dwellings, or in the ordi-
nary hospitals. The bill further provided, that if,
at any time, any State should build an asylum for
destitute and insane Indians, a portion of the fund
might be appropriated for the support of that un-
fortunate class. He had thus, as briefly as possi-
ble, stated the main provisions of the hill.
Mr. VINTON (the floor being temporarily
yielded) said it was his intention to vote for this
bill, provided some slight alterations were made in
its provisions, so as to remove what seemed to him
to be practical difficulties, in the way of carrying
out its object. In the first place, the bill proposed
to -ftiake grants of land to the States. Cff course
the title to these lands must pSss out of the United
States, and vest in the Slates, and these lands were
to be thrown into the market, to be sold by the
States, and there must necessarily be agencies for
this purpose. There were now United Stales
agencies or land officers,' all over the country for
the sale of the public lands, and the probability was
that these United States and State agencies would
come in conflict and collision with each other.
There was a ready means, however, of preventing
this. Inasmuch a3 there were United States land
offices already established, instead of causing to be
established thirty new agencies for a similar pur- I
"pose, all they had to do was to say that these
lands should be sold at the land offices of the
United States, and the money paid over to the
several States. In this way all difficulty, or occa-
sion of conflict between anybody would be avoided,
and instead of conveying the title to the States, the
United States title would be conveyed directly to
the purchaser, which would be more satisfactory
in many respects. Let them be put upon the
footing of the school lands. They were not con-
veyed to the States. The title remained in the
United States, until the lands were sold to indi-
vidSe^s. He thought this bill ought to be amended
in this respect.
The next difficulty which presented itself to his
mind was this: the bill provided that the fuud
arising from the sale of these lands should be in-
vested by the State in stocks, railroad or any other
stocks. Now, (said Mr. V.,) if these stocks hap-
pen to pay, it is all very well; but if they do not,
■what becomes of your fund? In place of that, I
■would incorporate this provision: I would say that
the States should have the money, and that
they should be bound to pay six per cent, for its
use. By adopting such a provision, and requiring
the States to comply with such a condition, you
will have some security that the object you have
in view will be carried out.
Mr. BISSELL resumed.
Mr. COBB, of Alabama. Will the gentleman
from Illinois vield me the floor for a moment?
Mr. BISSELL. The gentleman must excuse
me. I wish to answer the objections that have
been raised by the gentleman from Ohio.
In the first place, the gentleman from Ohio ob-
jects to the land titles passing out of the United
States to the States, and to be conveyed to pur-
chasers by the States Now, sir, what greater
difficulty is there in this, than in transferring the
title to tracts of land to a company or corporation?
Does not the gentleman know that there are com-
panies in the eastern States, who have for years
past owned more land in Illinois, for instance, and
in other western States, than would make, if united
together, the largest State in this Union? The
company finds no difficulty, no obstruction in the
way of transferring title. Sir, why is it that a
State cannot dispose of lands as well as an individ-
ual or a company ? How does this company do ?
They have agents there who sell the lands and re-
mit the funds to their principals. They sell the
lands, of course, according to the law of the State
in which they are situated.
Mr. COBB, of Alabama. Will the gentleman
now permit me?
Mr. BISSELL. Presently. I wish to answer
the other objection.
Besidi=s which, I am opposed to the General
Government having anything to do with the mat-
ter in the management of the sales of the lands,
or otherwise, after the donations have been made.
I wish to disconnect the General Government from
it altogether. I want to see the land transferred
at once to the State to which it is to go. Each
State can take care of its own property, either
land or money, better than the General Govern-
ment can do it.
Again: the gentleman objects that this bill doe=i
not require the State to make up the interest at the
rate of six per cent. Sir, I could never consent
that the State should be required to secure six per
cent, interest upon this fund. The bill requires
that the State shalt preserve forever the original
quantity, the original amount of the fund; this is
sufficient, because it will be to the advantage of
the State, and consequently its duty to make the
most they can from the fund. But if they fail to
receive six per cent., I am opposed to making
them pay the deficiency out of the Treasury of
the State. It will be for the advantage of the
State to obtain as much interest upon the money
as they can, and I would not bind them to make
up any specified sum.
Mr. STEVENS, of Pennsylvania, (the floor
being temporarily yielded,) said: If it is the inten-
tion of the gentleman from Illinois to move the
previous question 
Mr. BISSELL. That is my intention.
Mr. STEVENS. Then I desire to ask the
gentleman a question. I understand that the bill
provides for the distribution of ten millions of
acres of the public lands among the States; and
that the States in which the public lands lie shall
take their proportion from the lands within their
own limits, and that in the case of the States
where there are no public lands, they shall go to
the Territories for their Share. Now, I want to
know how much the gentleman thinks can be pro-
cured for the sterile and waste lands of theTerrito-
ries,and consequently what proportion the receipts
of the older States will bear to those of the new
States, such as Illinois, where there is an abun-
dance of rich land belonging to the public do-
main ? Would there be any sort of proportion
between the value of the two?
Mr. BISSELL. I only yielded the floor for a
question.
Mr. STEVENS. I merely wish to suggest to
the gentleman to allow the bill to be amended so
as to provide that the proceeds of the first ten
millions of acres of public land sold by the Gen-
eral Government shall be distributed among the
States in the proportion and for the- purpose
there stated.
Mr. BISSELL. There cannot be the slightest
occasion for any such amendment; for so far from
the States in which the lands lie getting any ad-
vantage, 1 assure you—and every Western man
knows it—that in the Territories there is, a
greater opportunity for selection of lands, being
twenty-five per cent, more than in the States; so
that if there will be a difference, the advantage
will be on the side of the old States.
Mr. JOHNSON, of Tennessee, (the floor being
temporarily yielded,) said, he understood the gen-
tleman from Illinois to assume this: that so far as
the land that is to be assigned to the several States
4s concerned, whether within the limits of the
States or not, he desires all connection of such
land with the Federal Government to be dissevered,
and to cease, and the States left to manage the
property at their discretion. The question which
he desired to ask was this: How would it be in
the ease of those States which received their pro-
portion of land in the Territories of the United
States? How was that land to be disconnected
from the Federal Government?
Mr BISSELL. I will answer the gentleman.
It will be precisely as if an individual had bought
the land. Let the gentleman from Tennessee go
into the Territory of Minnesota for instance, and
purchase land of the General Government. When
he receives the patent or deed of conveyance for
that land, does hot the connection between it and
the General Government cease? Most assuredly.
And precisely so in the case of a grant to a State.
Mr. JOHNSON. I understand the gentleman,
then, to assume that the State will have the priv-
ilege of going into the Territory and disposing of
the land?
Mr. BISSELL. Unquestionably, just as an in-
dividual or a company would have if the Govern-
ment patent had been issued to him or them. How
is it when the Government sells a quantity of land
to an individual? He goes where the land is, and
cultivates it or sells it.
Mr. JOHNSON. I understand the gentleman,
then, to assume this: that each one of the States
to which land shall be assigned in a Territory must
go into the Territory and open a land office for the
disposal of that land ?
Mr. BISSELL. - They may open aland office;
if you please, or authorize an agent to dispose of
the land, just as an individual living in the Eastern
States and owning land in the Territory author-
izes an agent to make sale of the land. There is
nothing extraordinary or unusual in that.
Mr. DUNHAM (the floor being yielded) said
he desired to be informed by the gentleman from
Illinois how it would be where the lands could not
be sold for the minimum price?
Mr. BISSELL said he would state, in regard to
the question raised by the gentleman from Indi-
ana, that those lands which could not at present
be sold except at a price less than the minimum
price fixed by the Government, might remain un-
sold until such time as they would bring that
price; for it was to be presumed that the time
would come when they would all sell readily for
the minimum valuation. But besides that, Con-
gress would at any time have power to authorize
their being sold for less and to supply the de-
ficiency from other lands, or to substitute other
lands for them.
Mr. COBB, of Alabama. Will the gentleman
now yield me the floor?
Mr. BISSELL. Yes, sir, for an inquiry.
Mr. COBB. The object that I had in view was
to propound a similar inquiry to that propounded
by the gentleman from Indiana. I now desire to
offer an amendment, to obviate the difficulty that
must arise if the bill be passed in the shape m
which it stands at present. If the State of Ala-
bama be required to receive her portion from the
public lands within her limits, will she be deprived
of any benefit from the donation because she can-
not find public lands within her limits that will
! sell for a dollar and a quarter an acre ?
| Mr. BISSELL. I cannot yield the floor for a
1 speech. „
! Mr. COBB. 1 desire that my amendment may
' be read. Will the gentleman allow it to be read ?
i Mr. BISSELL. I cannot do it. I will obviate
; the difficulty which the gentleman suggests. The
i bill provides that those States m whicti there is not
; a sufficient quantity of suitable land, may, in the
! discretion of the President of the United States,
■j receive their portion from the Territories.
I Mr. THOMPSON, of Pennsylvania, will the
; gentleman permit me .
! Mr. BISSELL. I really must decline to yield
to any further interruption.
Mr. THOMPSON. A single question 
Mr. BISSELL. Very well, sir.
Mr. THOMPSON. I wish. «> as!i:. why ll?e
old States are not allowed t0%j§?te the'r
the new States ?
