THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
PUBLISHED.AT WASHINGTON,
BY JOHN C. RIVES.—TERMS $
3 FOR THIS SESSION.
31st Congress, 1st Session.
THURSDAY, MAY 2, 1850.
New Series.... No. 55.
from Virginia, or some portions of it be proposed
by way of amendment to that bill. He would
state that this was the same bill, in terms, that
was prepared at the last session. A bill some-
what similar in character was under consideration
in the other House; and while that bill was under
discussion, he (Mr. B.) observed carefully the
objections which were urged to it, and, taking
that bill as a basis, had prepared one which he
supposed obviated the objections that were then
urged.
The bill was laid on the table, and ordered to be
printed.
Mr. KING, in pursuance of notice, asked and
obtained leave to introduce a bill granting the right
of way through the public lands of the United
States to companies authorized by the State of
Alabama to construct plank roads in said State,
with the right of preemption to a portion of the
public lands; which was read twice, and referred
to the Committee on Public Lands.
NOTICES OF BILLS.
Mr. DOUGLAS gave notice that he would to-
morrow, or some subsequent day, ask leave to
introduce a bill to establish an armory and foundry
at Fort Massac, on the Ohio river.
Mr. BENTON gave notice that he would to-
morrow, or some early day thereafter, ask leave
to introduce a bill to grant to the State of Missouri,
for certain specified objects of internal improve-
ment, an amount of land, which, added to the
amount heretofore granted her for such purposes,
will make th-e whole quantity granted to her
equal in proportion to her area to the quantity of
land granted to any other State for the like pur-
poses.
Mr. CHASE gave notice that he would to-
morrow, or some day thereafter, ask leave to
introduce a bill to change the times of holding the
circuit and district courts of the United States
within the State of Ohio, and to enlarge the juris-
diction of the circuit court.
Also, that he would ask leave to introduce a bill
to reduce the price of the public lands within the
limits of the State of Ohio to a rate not exceeding
one dollar and twenty-five cents per acre, and
confining the whole of said lands to a.ctual settlers
in tracts not exceeding one hundred and sixty
acres for any one person or family.
REGULATION OF APPEALS TO THE SUPREME
COURT OF THE UNITED STATES.
On motion by Mr. WALKER, the Senate took
up the bill to regulate appeals from the trial of is-
sues in the District of Columbia; which, having
been read the second time, was considered as in
Committee of the Whole.
Mr. BUTLER. It is proper, sir, that, as chair-
man of the committee, I should say a few words
in explanation, as I am opposed to the amendment
introduced by the Senator from Wisconsin, [Mr.
Walker,] and which I believe is advocated by
some of the members of the committee. The
general case turns upon this: Cases are very fre-
quently tried in the orphans' court, of will or no
will, and other questions of that kind. An appeal
is taken to the circuit court, where the same issues
and the same questions are submitted to the jury,
under the instructions, of course, of a judge, ac-
cording to the course of common law. Well, sir,
this bHI proposes to act prospectively—that is, in
all cases hereafter arising in the orphans' court, or
all questions directed from chancery which shall go
to the jury, that they may be taken up to the Su-
preme Court of the United States upon the limita-
tions and restrictions which are contained in the
bill. This is proper enough—that prospectively
we should give the right of appeal from the ver-
dict of a jury had before the circuit court.
The amendments, however, go further. The
• first amendment which the committee struck out
embraces case? which have already occurred, and
which have been decided. You wili observe, Mr.
President, and the Senate will observe, that " in
all cases which have or which may hereafter
arise," is the language of the amendment. The
55
committee struck that out, so as to exclude the
cases which have arisen heretofore; and of course
the same remarks will apply to the other amend-
ments which have been introduced.
I am, myself, Mr. President, utterly opposed to
any of this retrospective legislation, going back to
give the right of appeal or writ of error to parties
whose rights have been adjudicated under the exist-
ing system. While I am perfectly willing: to give
| of which I speak. The Senator/from Louisiana,
| who sits behind me, [Mr. Downs,] has given
! more particular attention to the principle of the
j amendment which has been offered than I have,
| and I will consequently say no more, but give way
j to him, that he may explain the amendment more
i forcibly than I could.
1 Mr. DOWNS. I cannot see the force of the
; objections to this amendment. It is not so unusual
parties hereafter a right to go to the Supreme i' a thirfg, or so unreasonable, or so improper, to
Court, I am unwilling to interfere with the vested
rights under the existing law. This presents the
issue and the case before the Senate; whether we
shall go back and give a writ of error to parties
change a remedy, as it seems to be supposed. It
may make some difference in the situation of par-
ties to give appeals in ca-es already settled,and to
authorize revision of them; but Congress has
whose rights have been decided five years ago, or jl adopted that principle in numerous cases. Why,
' 1 " ^ *' ' •' " '' ' sir, even at the last session, in a celebrated case in
Florida, where an appeal had been lost, the sub-
ject was taken up, and an appeal directly given, in
so many terms in this particular case, by act of
Congress. No doubt the chairman of the com-
mittee will recollect a series of cases in Arkansas,
which had been decided there, and in which the
decisions were final; but it was afterwards dis-
covered that there was fraud. There was a revis-
ion of those judgments, and most of them were
set aside. There is a great difference between
changing a right and changing a remedy. This
relates to the remedy alone, and not to the right.
On the other hand, Mr. President, if the gentle-
It man has any experience in the matter, and has
found that in this country or elsewhere, there was
!: no difficulty when judges have had most import-
,i ant cases to decide, and to decide finally, without
; any appeal or revision in any form whatever, his
jj experience at tn% bar has been very different from
|j mine. The application of this provision to cases
' already passed upon, constitutes an important
!j class of cases. You allow the principle in all
i other eases. The Senator from South Carolina
whether we shall confine it to the impoit of the
bill itself, to have a prospective operation, I will
hear the gentleman; I wish to do nothing more
than to present the points at issue in the amend-
ment.
Mr. WALKER. I am aware, sir, that to dis-
turb the views of the Senator from South Carolina
[Mr. Butler] on vested rights is to do a thing
which, under ordinary circumstances, is wrong;
but I am not so well satisfied that it is not the duty
of Congress, or of any other legislative body, to
remove vested wrongs, if, under the organization
of the District of Columbia, litigants in this court
have sustained wrongs which they ought at the
time to have had the means of remedying, is it im-
proper that Congress should step in and give the
very means that are given in almost every other
jurisdiction, or which it is proper should be
given in every other, and in this also? I cannot
see that the orphans of this bill fall within the cat-
egory or the class of litigants mentioned by the
honorable Senator from South Carolina. Litigants
here have had their difficulties litigated in one
court—in one grade of courts—courts over which
there is usually a supervisory power given to some |l admits the principle to be good in future cases,
superior jurisdiction. But, as it happens, under the 11 Why not apply it, then, to all? I would suggest
peculiar organization of the judiciary here, those j to the honorable chairman of the committee that
who have conducted their litigations in these courts i there would be no danger of our doing what is not
find themselves precluded from an appeal to a higher !' competent or constitutional in this case; because,
court, and whatever the decision may be, they have !: if this matter is submitted to the supervision of
to lie down and submit to it. Now, I cannot, for ;i the Supreme Court of the United States, and if
my life, see that there is anything wrong in re- jj they think we are interfering with vested rights,
moving the impediment to a final and fair adjudi- jj or that there is anything unconstitutional, or im-
cation upon the merits of the cases which have
thus been tried. Why, sir, what is there in the
case tried in the orphans' court, or in the trial of
an issue sent from the orphans' court, that is so j
sacred that it cannot be reviewed and revised in a l
superior tribunal? Parties have alleged that j
wrongs have been done them. The courts say to !
them: We should be glad to give you the means ;
of redress, but we have not the power; the law has 1
not provided the means of a rehearing. It is true !
that there are questions of law which you might j
spread upon the record, and winch would surely j
give you a remedy if the case could be tried in the ,
courts above; but, a3 the .law now etands, you j
have got to lose your case, because the ordinary |
means of remedy have not been given you. This I
is not, sir, to take away vested rights, but to re- j
move vested wrongs. It is to give individuals the !
right to obtain what is justly due them—a fair and !
impartial investigation of their claims upon appeal
from the inferior courts. Suppose, sir, that a right s
has been vested by improper adjudication in the '
inferior courts, is it right that that wrong should
be perpetuated? Is there any tmpropnety m ta-
king the case to a higher court to have the matter
reinvestigated, the wrong exposed, and the rights
proper, or unusual in it, or that it is incompetent
for Congress to pass such a provision, they would
decide that portion of the bill which it was not
competent for Congress to pass unconstitutional,
and therefore void, and they would disregard it.
The whole matter is submitted to them; and I
think it is clear that in applying the remedy, we
ought to make it apply to ail cases. There is no
danger of its operating too far. If it was a pro-
vision under which all cases for an indefinite time
might be revised, theie might be some complaint.
But this is limited to a very short time. It is only
for five years after the decision of the case. I
hope, therefore, that the amendment will be adopt-
ed. I will state, Mr. President, that a provision
precisely similar to this exists in the State of
Maryland, and that it has been a mere accidental
omission that it was never established in the Dis-
trict of Columbia, it is the opinion ©f members
of the bar who practise here, and also m the
courts of Maryland, that it ought to be adopted.
It is an omission, and has been too long a time
already suflVied to remain so. I hope, therefore,
that the bill and the amendment wili be adopted.
Mr. FOOTE. 1 should like to inquire of my
friend from Louisiana whether I am m error in
of the individual at last restored to him ? I can- : supposing that this bill and the amendment are
  . i . , 1 T * . T .) * _ — — rr o ci tr\ o'Jro/** HQt.no
not say that there may not be special cases, to
which the Senator may refer, or to which some
other Senator may refer, where there has been a
settlement and an adjudication upon vested rights
which ought not to be disturbed. But if they are
such as might be brought before the Senate, and
which it would be proper for the Senate to exclude
from the operation of the bill, they might be ex-
cepted in the bill; but if there be no such cases to
be excluded, it is a general principle, both for the
past and the future, and, it seems to me, with great
propriety, gives the means of remedying the evils
limited in their operation, so as not to affect cases
decided more than five years ago?
Mr. DOWNS. Here is the proviso:
Provided, That the writ of error thereon shall be sued out
within five years from the certificate of said veidict.
Mr. FOOTE. Then, Mr. President, if we
adopt this amendment, the business affairs of the
country will not be very seriously unsettled by its
adoption; so that the main reason given in oppo-
sition to the amendment, it seems to me, falls to
the ground. I doubt exceedingly, from what 1
have heard, whether there are ten cases to be
