866
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
April 80,
reached by the amendment: Now, sir m a legal
Doint of view, what is the operation of this amend-
ment, if adopted ? How far can it be justly re-
earded as violating established principles and re-
flected usages? We learn, sir, from our legal
writers—and it is especially laid down in Judge
Story's " Conflict of Laws," and laid down more
explicitly than in any other work that I have had
the honor to consult—that what is called the
remedy embraces all the proceedings connected
with the progress of a Suit in court, from the ema-
nation of the original writ, up to execution exe-
cuted. 1 understand, sir, that the chairman of the
Committee on the Judiciary [Mr. Butler] has in-
troduced a bill the remedial efficiency of which,
if adopted, will be sufficient to correct all errone-
ous adjudications which may hereafter be made,
either in cases now pending, or in cases which
may hereafter arise for decision. By the very
fact of introducing this bill, he has clearly ac-
knowledged the present state of the law regulating
suits in the orphans' court of this District to be
unsatisfactory, and that some amplification of the
legal remedies enforced in said court may be indis-
pensable to the ends of juslce. _ This is an im-
portant admission, sir, for I hold it to be our duty
to see that justice is judicially administered in all
the courts of this District, promptly, fully, and as
satisfactorily as is at all practicable. The maxim
is equally applicable here as elsewhere: Lei
justice be done, though the heavens fall. The ad-
mission being thus made by the honorable chair-
man of our Committee on the Judiciary, that the
judiieal remedies now enforceable in the orphans'
court of the District fall short of attaining the
ends of justice, and need amelioration in the mode
proposed by him in relation to the class of cases
specially provided for in his bill, it seems to me
most clear that4he is bound to show good reason
for discriminating between the cases provided for
in the amendment under consideration and those
specified in the bill, or yield his support both to
the amendment and the bill conjoirifly. The sim-
ple question seems to me to be: Will we permit
injustice to be perpetrated, or, rather, a course of
perpetration already commenced tocontinueits pro-
gress, in cases which have been heretofore imper-
fectly adjudicated? or shall we, whilst providing
preventive remedies for cases expected hereafter to
arise, decline the employment of the ample means
which we possess for correcting erroneous adjudi-
cations heretofore made ? I would like to know
why we are not as much bound to provide reme-
dial legislation for cases of possible injustice which
have arisen within the last five years, as we are for
cases which may arise to-morrow or two months
hence, if we really can provide for all of them by
the exercise of unquestionable constitutional power
and by the use of expedients altogether practical
and convenient ? Why shall not justice, and effect-
ual justiee, be administered in one class of cases
as well as in the other ? I have yet heard no sat-
isfactory reasons for the discrimination insisted
upon, nor do I think that any such can be stated.
All the parties are American citizens, and equally
entitled toenjoy the advantage of a speedy and cor-
rect adjudication of their rights. It is certain that
the amendment cannot operate more harshly or
more opprtssively than the bill itself would be
likely to do in she absence of all amendment. If
the honoraale Senator from South Carolina can
himself see any ground for the distinction which
he has attempted to set up, I hope he will leave us
no longer in the dark upon the point, it is not
sufficient for him to declare merely that he enter-
tains a settled conviction in opposition to all such
legislation as that proposed by the friends of the
amendment. He is bound to show that some
special mischief will actually flow from the amend-
ment, if he desires us to vote with him against it.
I must add, sir, that I know nothing of the par-
ties likely to be affected by the amendment, if it
shall be adopted. The views which 1 have ex-
pressed are grounded upon the respect which 1
entertain for certain general principles, and are not
at all biassed by personal considerations of any J
sort. Nor would it be right that any such con- >
siderations should be allowed to operate in a grave
matter of national legislation like that before us at i
present. i
Mr. BUTLER. Mr. President, I see that other
Senators wish to obtain the fioor. I shall be very '
glad for them to take a part in this debate, be-
cause I think that there is a very important prin-
ciple involved in it, and I am desirous that the
Senate should not, through inadvertence, sanction
a false principle of legislation Now, sir, the
principle in which the bill differs from the amend-
ment is the question whether our legislation shall
be prospective, (and that the bill provides for,)
or whether it shall reach back and embrace cases
which have already occurred, perhaps years ago,
and have been finally adjudicated upon. Now,
sir, I will take a case occurring five years ago. I
will trace its history from its rise until.it is finally
decided. A bill was presented in the orphans'
court. The issue was devisavit vel non. It was
decided against the parties claiming under the pre-
tended will. It was taken up by way of appeal to
the circuit court, and there tried by a jury, and the
decision of the court below was confirmed; and
after that decision, which gave the party a right
to a final judgment, execution was issued, the as-
sets were seized upon according to law, and sold
to satisfy a judgment, and distributed among par-
ties who acquired vested rights in them. By this
bill, modified by this amendment as is proposed,
a writ of error will run back and rip up all these
proceedings, disturbing the rights which have
been thus vested under the then existing laws,
by taking the original question from the circuit
court up to the Supreme Court to be readjudi-
cated. Now, will that be just ? Is there any pre-
text of justice in it?
Well, sir, take the case to which this amend-
mentis intended, I believe, especially to be applied.
It is a case which has created no little excitement
in this community—a question of marriage or no
marriage, of a will or no will. I need not, and I
do not intend to mention the names of parties. I
presume the history of the case is very well known
by the Senators generally. The interests at stake
were considerable. The claim was decided against
the party setting up the marriage in the orphans'
court, and again, on appeal, it was deeided against
her in the circuit court, on a full trial by jury,
who pronounced that there was neither will nor
marriage. Now, sir, this amendment proposes to
run back and give to this party the right to take up
her case to the Supreme Court, and there renew
the whole investigation, with no security to rights
vested in virtue of the faith given to that which
was a fina.1 judgment at the time it was made.
Now, sir, I make a very great distinction be-
tween legislation which is to invade vested rights
under the sanction of a final adjudication of claims
by the proper court, and a mere provision which is
to act in the future to prevent the recurrence of
cases of hardship. My friend from Mississippi
[Mr. Foote] says that is a familiar kind of
legislation. I have examined the books exten-
si vely, and I do not find it to be so at all. He says
it -is known to the legislation of all the States.
Why, sir, if there is any one thing that is repug-
nant to the spirit of our whole system of juris-
prudence, and to that of the jurisprudence of
Great Britain, from which ours is derived, it is
every species of retrospective legislation acting
upon vested rights. I have always regarded the
principle as somewhat revolting. 1 know of a
single case in the State of Maryland. That was
passed under peculiar circumstances, and gave
general satisfaction. 1 have looked into the legis-
lation of several of the States, and into their
judicial decisions, and I find that invariably judges
have pronounced disapprobative judgments upon
any attempt at such a kind of legislation, on the
express giound that it is in conflict with vested
rights. Now, sir, if this species of legislation is
repudiated in all the States, 1 should be very sorry
to have a precedent established in its favor by
Congress.
Our Constitution itself expressly prohibits ex post
facto laws; and although there is no express pro-
vision against retrospective laws, simply as such, j
yet the current of legislative and judicial decision i
is all against it. I know that there is a refined :
distinction made between legislating so as to af-
fect the right or the remedy; but, sir, even with this
distinction, the legislation proposed by this amend-
ment involves something more in substance than
a mere change of the remedy. I am surprised ;
that gentlemen should speak with so much confi-
dence of this being a familiar species of legisla-
tion. I am certain that it is a legislation almost
unknown wherever the English system has pre- -
vailed. 1 find a case reported in the State of Con- ;
necticut, in which the whole system of retro-
spective legislation is elaborately reviewed and
condemned, where I have -the authority of the
best and most distinguished judges, who speak of
it in the very strongest terms of disapprobation,
characterizing it as something treacherous on ac-
count of its insidiously invading vested rights, in
a manner which cannot be guarded against by
any degree of human foresight, subjecting persons
who have acquired, and paid for, and taken pos-
session of property, under security of the laws as
they then existed, to the liability of being sum-
moned to show cause why they should not be
evicted. When there is such authority and such
reasons against such legislation, I must require
something more conclusive than anything I have
heard to convince me that we ought to adopt this
amendment. It is a resort to what the judges de-
nominate treacherous legislation. In the case that
is referred to, persons in this very town have
probably purchased this property, and raised
credit upon it at the banks and elsewhere, upon
the assurances and pledges of the fiat of this very
judgment; and by disturbing it we put in jeopardy
every species of title, by attacking the good faith
and "credit which ought to reign in the transaction
of human affairs. In my opinion, all such legis-
lation is justly characterized as treacherous, and I
hope that nothing will induce the Senate to sanc-
tion it.
Mr. FOOTE. Mr. President, the honorable
Senator from South Carolina, I really think, has
not yet responded to the short argument that I
had the honor to offer when I was last up. The
honorable Senator will allow me to say, that he
must feel himself somewhat straitened in this de-
bate, when he is compelled to talk about the pro-
vision of the Constitution inhibiting ex post facto
legislation, and to attempt to apply it to the case
under consideration. No one knows better .than
that honorable Senator that it has been long since
formally decided by the Supreme Court of the
Union that the provision relating to ex post facta
laws has exclusive application to criminal of-
fences
Mr. BUTLER, (interposing.) I know that
very well. 1 did not advert to it as applicable to
this case, except as showing the spirit of hostility
in our system of legislation to retrospective legis-
lation.
Mr. FOOTE. Let me suggest to my honor-
able friend what he also knows very well, that the
Supreme Court has expressly decided that Con-
gress has the right to pass a retrospective law;
and it would be very wrong, in certain cases, not
to do so, notwithstanding all that has been said
about unsettling the business of the country, and
violating good faith between man and man. The
existence of this constitutional power, I say, is
expressly recognized by,the Supreme Court of the
United States—thus reducing the whole contro-
versy to a mere question of expediency, with
reference to each particular case of legislation, as
it may arise. Why, sir, a general bankrupt law
is a retrospective law, and nobody now questions
its constitutionality, and few, if any, at this day
even question its expediency.
Now, sir, 1 will not occupy much of the time
of the Senate in discussing this matter. I under-
take to say again, that the simple question is, Has
injustice been done in a case m which it is in our
power to counteract it ? And if so, Shall we or shall
| we not apply the appropriate remedy ? With the
j views which 1 entertain, I cannot hesitate as to
: what is my own duty upon this occasion.
! I can see no such distinction as that urged upon
i us, if the case be within convenient reach of our
| powers as a legislative body in the enactment of
I remedial laws. I cannot perceive any reason
] why we should not exercise all our constitutional
; powers as a legislative body, in providing reme-
; dies for cases that have already occurred. 1 can
see no better reason for providing a remedy for
cases which may hereafter occur than for those
which may now be in progress. It is said that
these cases do not belong to the same class; but
for all substantial purposes they do belong to the
same class. If we have a constitutional power to
legislate in both classes of cases, i conceive that
those reasons of equitable policy which apply to
one class apply equally to the other, i could not
consistently vote for the bill as it was reported
from the committee, without being: also in favor of
the amendment. The general notion of the Sena-
tor from South Carolina is, that no remedy should
