1850.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
867
be provided at all by any legislative body for cases
which have not already arisen judicially; so that
if it should happen that A be guilty of committing
a pecuniary fraud upon B, it would not be proper
for the law-making body, having authority, over
the parties, to devise a remedy by means of which
the effects of such fraud could be obviated, and
justice secured to the injured party.
I say again, that with me the principle has
always been venerated and will always be acted
on, " Let justice be done though the heavens
fall." Let justice be done, I mean, to the full ex-
tent of our legislative competency, provided al-
ways that in doing justice, the Constitution itself
is not violated, and the great principles connected
with the rights of property are not seriously dis-
turbed. ;
I should not have alluded to the parties likely to :
be affected by our action. I know nothing of
them, as I have already said; and I am deter-
mined to have no feeling in favor of one or the
other side. I have looked upon the question
under consideration simply as an abstract legal
question. It is as such that I have discussed it.
It is in accordance with this view of it alone that I
shall vote upon the proposition before us. But if
my friend from South Carolina [Mr. Butler] be
correct in saying that thi3 particular amendment
has arisen out of a particular case which has re-
cently occurred in the District of Columbia, and
if it is intended to apply to that exclusively, then
the reasoning which my friend has urged in oppo-
sition to this amendment, it seeme to me, must
fall to the ground; because the transaction is, as
it would appear from his showing, so recent a
one, that it cannot he possible that any rights of
property will be unsettled by the amendment, or
that any vested rights, such as he has described,
would be m the least degree interfered with. If I
understand the history of that case, it may be
said that from the time of its adjudication, the
unsuccessful party has been seriously dissatisfied
therewith, and been heard to utter the language
of complaint; yea, there has been an application
to the Congress of the United States, pending !
ever since the adjudication of that case occurred, <
urging warmly that remedial relief should be pro- j
vided in the very rnoile now urged upon us by the |
advocates of the amendment. If such be the case, i
it would seem that full warning has been given to !
all who can legitimately claim to be interested in
the affair; and if any individual or individuals
have, notwithstanding this notice of a determina-
tion to contest the adjudication heretofore ren-
dered, and to set it aside, if possible, by the very
means now put in us^thought proper to acquire
what they are pleased™o regard as vested rights,
too sacred to be touched, why, they will clearly
have nobody to blame but themselves, if they
suffer the natural effects of their own temerity.
I regret very much that I have taken up thus
much of the time of the Senate in this discussion;
and I beg leave to suggest that I may be allowed
to comply with a request of my friend from Ala-
bama, [Mr. King,] that the unfinished business
of the Senate, which is entitled to the preference,
be now taken up.
Mr. KING. I had no idea, when this subject
was taken up, that it would be likely to consume the
whole of the day, as it now seems probable that
it will. I have not myself looked into it with that
care and attention that 1 desire before voting upon
it. There are many legal gentlemen who, I have
no doubt, understand this subject better than I do,
and who are anxious to give their views to the
Senate. Under these circums<ances, therefore,
and in order that the unfinished business may be
taken up, I move to postpone the subject until to- I
morrow. [
Mr. HUNTER stated to the Senator from Ala- j
bama that there was a bill to establish the board of j
accounts, which was made the special order of to-
day, and desired that it should be taken up and
made the special order for to-morrow.
Mr. KING. The unfinished business has pre-
cedence to that.
Mr. HUNTER. I ask leave simply to call up
that bill for the purpose of postponing it till to-
morrow.
Mr. KING. The present subject must be first
disposed of. The Senator will understand that we
must first postpone this subject in order to get at
the unfinished business of yesterday. I hava no
objection to calling up the other business, and
making it a special order after this shall have been
disposed of.
Mr. WALKER. I am inclined to think that
this matter which is now under consideration, is of
about as much importance as anything that can
come up at present, not excepting that referred to
by the Senator from Virginia, [Mr. Hunter,]
and I wish that it might be disposed of.
While on the floor, I would beg leave to notice
a single point made by the Senator from South
Carolina, where he tdludes to a supposed case
where a petition is presented to the orphans' court,
the issue being devisavit vel non, and it is decided
that there is no will—that the parties have acted
under that fact, and that thus the property has
been conveyed. A subsequent legislation to open
the case would be to divest these rights vested.
Now the issue is, whether there be or be not a
will, and a feigned issue is made up and sent to
the circuit court of the District of Columbia. The
issue is on the existence of the will 
Mr. HUNTER rose to call the gentleman to
order.
The VICE PRESIDENT stated that further
debate upon the bill was not in order, pending the
motion to postpone.
Mr. WALKER. The Senator will soon see
the bearing of my remarks. As I was about to
say, the issue, then, is, whether there be or be not
a will; and in the trial of that issue, the most out-
rageous illegalities are perpetrated—illegalities that
are complained of at the time; but the court over-
rules the complaint, and with a species of tyranny
rejects the testimony which goes to show that the
will exists. They go on with the case, and ex-
ception is taken; and this is the first time the
parties find that there is no remedy. But, sir, if
the Senator says that there is no will, according to
the decision of the judiciary, and others have
taken the property, will it afford any consolation
to look upon the widow destitute in the streets,
and the heirs coming in and taking the property,
and leaving no subsistence for her? and would he
refuse relief ?
Mr. KING. This is a very long sentence of
the honorable gentleman, and I am willing to hear
it completed at a proper time; but I cannot consent
to any further discussion of the subject now. I
must insist upon the motion to postpone.
Mr. PHELPS'. I hope, sir, this bill will be j
postponed, for reasons which have not been sug- |
gested. In the first place, I regard the proposed |
amendment as altogether objectionable. In the
next place, I think the bill requires some modifi-
cation and alteration before it passes. In that
view, I hope there will be no objection to post-
poning it.
The question being taken on the motion to post-
pone, it was agreed to.
BOARD OF ACCOUNTS.
On motion by Mr. HUNTER, the bill to estab-
lish a board of accounts was taken up, and made
the special order of the day for to-morrow, at one
o 'clock.
ILLINOIS CENTRAL RAILROAD.
The Senate resumed the consideration of the bill
granting the right of way and making a donation
of land to the Siate of Illinois to aid in the con-
struction of the Illinois Central Railroad.
Mr. BELL. Mr. President, I have no disposi-
tion to delay the decision of the Senate upon this
question. But I wish to say a few words in regard
to the proposition now before the Senate. I do
not mean to go into an examination of the prmci- i
, pies and policy upon which this bill is supported. !
i It undoubtedly deserves a good deal of considera-
tion. I understand that it is not the only bill or
measure of the kind before this body. The gen-
eral principles have been discussed, and are now
pretty well settled, and the policy of making
appropriations of public lands for the purpose of
advancing internal improvements of this character,
not only railroads but canals, has been approved
by Congress. The bill now before the Senate, if
adopted as it stands, must, it seems to me, be adop-
ted on the principle, not only of the power of Con-
gress to make appropriations of land for improve-
ments of this description, but of money also; and,
as far as I understand the history of the legislation
of the country in relation to this subject, the power
of Congress to appropriate money directly from
the Treasury to internal improvements—to roads
and canals, or to rivers—has never, at any time,
been decided against or denied by a majority of
both Houses of Congress. We have had Presi-
dents who had the power to restrain the action of
Congress in making appropriations for this pur-
pose, but in general that power has been exercised
against any conviction of the majority of Congress
that the power is unconstitutional, and that it might
not be claimed by Congress if Congress thought
proper to do it. I believe, however, that the ma-
jorities of both Houses of Congress have, during
the last fifteen or twenty years, held very decided-
opinions against the policy of appropriating money
directly from the Treasury for the construction of
roads anil canals, even when passing through two
or more States, from a belief that it would inevita-
bly lead to extravagance, paitiality, and other
abuses on the part of the National Legislature.
Upon that ground, sir, 1 believe that no Congress
since 1830—I mean, of course, no majority of both
Houses of Congress—has been ready to sustain a
principle of that description; but, at the same time, it
has not been at any period decided by the majority
of Congress that they have no power of appropri-
ating the public lands lying within any one of the
States for the purpose of promoting the construc-
tion of works of this description. I have, when a
member of the House, given my support to such
measures, and I am ready now to give my support
to such measures when the work projected appears
to me to be one of great public utility; and on that
ground I intend to give my support to the bill now
pending before the Senate. I think, however, that
the honorable Senator from Georgia [Mr. Dawson]
demonstrated yesterday that the provisions of this
bill do go beyond any recognized or established
principle in the legislation of Congress, I am not
sure of this, as it is eight or ten years since I have
been familiar with the legislation of Congress on
this subject. This bill provides that of the public
lands situated on the line of the road, every alternate
section shall be appropriated to the construction of
it, and to this Extent, so far as it goes, it goes upon
the principle that the public property held by the
Government, in the State, is benefited to an equal
extent to what is given away, or transferred to in-
dividuals, corporations, or to the States. But the
bill, it seems to me, goes beyond that. The prin-
ciple is extended, as was shown yesterday by the
Senator from Georgia, [Mr. Dawson,] and also by
the Senator from South Carolina, [Mr. Bdtler.]
It is an extension of the principle. Well, I do not
know that I am opposed to that extension, although
I thought it best yesterday, when the vote was
taken on this subject, to limit it, as I understand
that a great number of roads are projected in the
States where there is a residue of public lands. I
am willing to go for it on account of the munifi-
cent purposes and use to which this appropriation
is proposed to be applied. I am willing to go for
it exclusively on that ground. I base my support
of the provision in this bill authorizing the Slate
( or the company to go anywhere in that State to get
| the grant of Government lands upon this view of
■ the subject, because it is proved that the work
I is likely to be of great public utility, and legis-
I lation on the general policy of limiting patron-
I age, and reducing the number of public officers,
1 may be not only exercised but justified. I think it
j a liberal policy, and I would be willing, when lands
: of this description have been in the market for thirty
1 or forty years, to act on the policy of enabling the
I States in which they lie to make any munificent
i use of them that may be thought proper or con-
[ ceived to be advisable. I am willing to nppropri-
! ate them for such purposes, to relinquish them; and
1 I think that the people and Government of the
: United States would be benefited by being relieved
•| of a number of public officers, and" of pauonage,
freauently of very little use to any one, and prob-
• ! ably an expense. 1 do not, I confess, know ex-
actly what are the provisions of the law upon this
subject, or whether a specific salary isgiven when
1 the office is not productive of revenue,
j Mr. JONES, (in his seat.) They get 5.500.
j Mr. BELL. By the relinquishment of these
' lands, then, a number of federal omcers, receiving
I salaries of $500, will be dispensed with; but, even
' were this not the case, I would not allow these
refuse lands to he iu!e, when by giving them up
they may be improved and made productive, and
add to the resources of the country.
Now, here is a great and magnificent work to
connect the country on the great chain of northern
lakes with the Gulf of Mexico. Taken altogether,
