1962
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
Sept. 25,
propose does not increase that amount, but simply
directs the application of a portion of it to the pur-
poses indicated in the proviso. 1 have adopted
this course, with the concurrence of the honorable
chairman of the Committee of Ways and Means,
who reported the bill, under a belief that the
amendment would be more readily adopted by the
House, than if an additional sum were asked for.
The objects proposed to be accomplished by the
appropriation, are indispensably necessary. In-
deed, the larger item, more than one third of the
sum, is neeJed for the protection and preservation
of a large amount of public property. It is known
to almost all the western members, that the mili-
tary post at Newport, Kentucky, is situated on the
Ohio river, at the mouth of the Licking river, the
point of land upon which the public property is
located fofming an acute angle. Licking river, as
well as the Ohio, is subject to frequent and sudden
floods. To protect'the hank resting on the Ohio
side, some years since,, the Government appropri-
ated the necessary amount of-money and con-
structed a stone wall. This wall preserves to some
' extent the property from waste and destruction
by floods in the Ohio; but that side which lies
upon the Licking river is without protection, and
unless an additional wall is erected to secure the
exposed bank from the washings of the river, the
worst consequences may ensue in the regular and
certain destruction of a large amount of valuable
public property. .
The commandant of the station, Captain Mac-
rea, an accomplished and experienced officer, who
has .had charge of the post for many years, has
written me several letters, urging, earnestly, the
importance of these improvements, and furnishing
me with the necessary estimates of cost. He as-
sures me that a guard-house and magazine are
much needed, there being no such structures on
the premises. The drill and parade grounds are
in wretched order, and need grading and other im-
provements. The barracks have been built for a
period of forty years, are too contracted and small
for the health and comfort of the soldiers, and the
increasing demands of the station. They need
enlargement and repair. _
Considering the military importance of the New-
port station, and the very small amount of money
heretofore appropriated for its improvement, I am
sure no gentleman will deem the amount now
asked for unreasonable. Newport is situated in
the centre of the great valley of the West, and is
the location of the only military establishment on
■ the Ohio river. Newport itself is one of the most
flourishing towns in the West, containing an enter-
prising and rapidly increasing population. The fa-
cilitiesfortheenlistment of men,(beingimmediately
* opposite the city of Cincinnaii, and surrounded
by a densely settled country,) as well as for the
procurement of subsistence and the transportation
of troops, could not be superior in any part of our
Union. The late war with Mexico, fully demon-
strated the value and'importance of this station in
all these particulars. It was the great rendezvous
for a large portion of the troops raised in the val-
ley'of the West, and immense numbers were sent
from there down the Ohio to the battle-fields of
Mexico. It was convenient and useful for the re-
ception and discharge of the remnant of our gal-
lant army after the termination of its brilliant ser-
vices m that memorable contest. Should war again
occur, no matter with what nation, or in what
quarter of the Union—on the frontiers, in the
South, or upon the sea-board—no point will afford
greater facilities for the enlistment and transporta-
tion of troops than Newport. The Ohio river af-
fords an easy means of departure, for either the
distant frontier, or the Gulf of Mexico; while the
railioads and canals of Ohio will enable them to
paps readily by the lakes to the sea-board.
The sum proposed to be expended at this point
is inconsiderable when compared with the amount
lavished elsewhere. It does not increase the ag-
gregate about to be appropriated, and I trust the
House, in its liberality, will adopt the amendment
and grant the amount asked for.
The question was then taken and the amend-
ment was agreed to.
' Mr. MARSHLL offered the following amend-
ment: Insert after the 89th line of the bill the fol-
lowing:
month of June, 1847. the sum of $310,000 is herebv appro-
priated; the distance from New Orleans to Louisville hav-
ing been computed at eleven hundred and twenty two miles,
insteaB of f'nirteen hundred and eighty miles. And the
Paymaster General is heivby required to dispatch an assist-
ant paymaster to each of said States to make said payments
to the persons entitled."
(l rjn{1 ,,av tjlc deficiency in the commutation of the mile-
age of the volunteers from Kentucky, Olno, and Indiana,
Who were discharged from ecrvice at New Orleans, in the
Mr. RICHARDSON moved to amend the
amendment of the gentleman from Kentucky [Mr.
Marshall] by adding after the word " Indiana,"
the word "Illinois."
Mr. R. explained the distance which had been
traveled by the troops, and suggested that the
gentleman from Kentucky [Mr. Marshall] should
so modify his amendment as to increase the appro-
priation in a corresponding degree, to meet the addi-
tional appropriation rendered necessary by his
amendment.
Mr. MARSHALL accepted the amendment ot
Mr. Richardson, and said, he would increase the
amount appropriated by the amendment accord-
ingly. ....
Mr. COBB asked Mr. Marshall to include the
troops of the State of Alabama.
Mr. MARSHALL, after some hesitation, ac-
cepted the modification.
Mr. M. said that he would request the at-
tention of the committee but a few moments,
to explain the reason upon which he based this
amendment. By the act of June 18, 1846, section
10, It is provided that " the non-commissioned of-
1 cers, musicians, and privates of volunteers, when
' called into the service of the United States, shall
' be entitled to receive fifty cents in lieu of subsist-
' ence, and twenty-five cents in lieu of forage, for
' such as are mounted, for every twenty miles, by
' the most direct route, from the period of leaving
' their homes to the place of general rendezvous,
' and from the place of discharge back to their
' homes." The three Yeeiments from Kentucky,
three from Indiana, and four from Ohio, amount-
ing in all to fi ve thousand and thirty-two officers and
men, comprise all of the troops whose claims I
have examined. They were discharged at New
Orleans in June, 1847, and, by the terms of the
law, were entitled to fifty cents for every twenty
miles from that point to their homes, computed by
the most direct route. What is the most direct
route ? The term has received construction at the
department in several instances. In the case of j
the Maryland troops who returned from Mexico
by the way of the Mississippi and Ohio rivers, the j
question was directly made that the computation
of the distance from New Orleans to Louisville by
the overland route was not correct; but that the
usually traveled route of the river was the proper
route by which to compute the mileage of return-
ing: volunteers. The question was submitted^ to
Attorney General Clifford, and upon his opinion
of the meaning of the term " direct route" the
Maryland battalion was paid by the river route. Be-
sides, officers of the regular army are paid by the
river route between those points. Mr. M. sent to
the Clerk's desk the following letter, which was
rea^' Washington', September 14,1850.
Dfa.rSir: r this mornine received your note respecting
the number of miU-s tor which I was paul transportation of
l.Acgaaebt t\\ eon Louisville JCentucky,and Npw Orleans and |;
in answer inform >ou Hint in the month of November, 1847,1 .
traveled under orders from Lr>m-vtlie to New Otleans. and
was p.ucl in the latter cit> bv the quaitermaster for onethou<?- j|
and lour .hundred and thirty miles. The number of miles was ■ !
given officially to the Quarttuna*ter's DepaUment bv the
Fu«tA9Si*tiintPo-tmasterGeneral,Juiy 1,1647. I suppose !'
that other officers of the army have been paid m hke manner '
with myaelf. |
I am, sir, very respectfully, your obedient^ervant, |
jL THOMAS. !
Hon. H. Marshall, House of Representatives. !
The writer of that letter is an assistant adjutant j
general in the regular army, and was, in 1847, the
accomplished staff officer of Major General Butler. ;
Not only has the Attorney General decided this j
matter,.and the bureaus having the duty of pay- ,
ment, but Congress has again and again decided j
the same point. Members of Congress are by law ;
entitled to mileage from their residences by the \
most usual route,"and they invariably construe the 1
term as authorizing travel by the river route. ,
While we pay ourselves eight dollars for every j
twenty miles, it is to be hoped that we will not i
deny to the soldier returning from Jhe battle fields |
of his country at the rate of fifty cents for the !
same service over the same route.
Mr. DUNHAM was understood to acquiesce in
the statement of facts which had been made by the
gentleman from Kentucky, [Mr. Marshall.] He
(Mr. D.) was then understood to say^that the
Attorney General had given hie opinion that the
Baltimore troops wereentitled ro receive the same
pay as the regular army; and that, so far as con-
cerned the regular army, the law should be con-
strued liberally-—that was to say, by the nearest
mail route, where that route offered fair facilities
for travel; but that, when it was not so, mileage
should be computed by the nearest practicable
thoroughfare. Upon that principle the*Baltimore
troops had been paid; and the application of the
same principle authorized the allowance contem-
plated by this amendment. If gentlemen were dis-
posed to put the troops on an equal footing, this
amendment would accomplish the object.
Mr. RUMSEY moved to amend the amendment
by striking therefrom the word
ft And the paymaster-general i«i hereby required to dis-
patch a paymaster to each of said States to make said
payments," and insert iiflieu thereof the words, "and that
such payment he so made that said troops shall ree^iv^ pay
according to the rate of pay for travel as now established by
law."
Mr. BTJRT said, he should be greatly indebted
to the committee if he could procure its attention
whilst he submitted a very few remarks on the
amendment of the gentleman from Kentucky, [Mr.
Marshall.]
Mr. B. opposed the amendment. If adopted,
he said it would* entail upon the Government an
expense of about $300,"00. He was disposed
to give to the troops who served in Mexico, every
cent to which they were entitled, under the exist-
ing law, no matter how murh it might be; but he
trusted the committee would understand the facts;
and the law in relation to this matter before they
decided «ipon it. These troops had received their
pay at the city of New Orleans at the hands of
Colonel Barney, who was theji paymaster at that
place. He held in his hand a report which had
been made on the subject by Colonel Barney, in
which he quoted the language of the act of 1846,
the act which prescribes the mode in which these
troops, and all others engaged in the Mexican war,
should be paid. That act, he said, directed their
payment to be made accordiug to the most direct
traveled route.
Mr. RUMSEY made some remarks, not heard.
Mr. BURT (continuing) said, the act of 1846,
1 as he had already stated, directed that the troops
should be paid their expenses by the most direct
route. And Colonel Barney had been directed,
as had the various paymasters, to confer with the
captains of the companies and with their aid, to
fix the amount to be paid; and the captain of
each company had signed the pay roll of his com-
pany, authorizing the allowance. He had also in
his "possession a report made by General Towson,
the Paymaster General, which he would ask to
| have read by the Clerk. It would be seen that
| these troops, as General Towson and Colonel
1 Barney both say, were paid according to a very
■ liberal interpretation of the act of 184&. They
! were paid according to the distance agreed to by
the captain of each company.
: Mr. GORMON (the floor being yeilded) re-
1 marked that the captain of each company had
' signed the pay roll, because if he had not done so,
the soldiers would have got no pay at all. That
ought not to be made an argument to prove that
the troops had been fully paid.
Mr. DUNHAM, by permission, madearemark
corroborating the statement of his colleague that
the pay roll must necessarily be signed by the
captain, or the soldiers would get no pay. _
Mr. MARSHALL, (the floor being still yielded)
remarked that he as Colonel of one of the
ments, had had occasion to know the fact that the
inspecting officers, and it would be found from
the reading of General Towson's letter that he
made the point that the inspectors and captains,
and not the paymasters, arranged the distances,
and consequently the amount to be paid to the
troops.
Mr. BURT resumed. The captains, he said,
it appeared by the report that had beep made to
him, certified on these pay-rolls that the distances
for which the troops were paid were, correct and
just, and he was informed by officers in the pay
department, that not a complaint had been made
by any of the captains of companies that they
had not been so consulted. Ana he would here
mention that the United States troops, those of the
regular army who were discharged at JNew Orleans*
were paid in the same way.
