1850.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
1963
He begged also to say to the committee, in refer-
ence to the sums paid to these volunteers, that the
allowance was made under the terms of the act of
1846, and they were paid by the most direct route,
, as were also the soldiers belonging to the army of
the United States. The soldiers of the regular
army who were discharged at New Orleans re-
ceived their pay according to the most direct route*
But (sajpl Mr. B ) in relation to the point made
by the gentleman from Indiana, [Mr. Gorman,]
that m some cases where the accounts went before
the Comptroller, as in the case in which the troops
were disbanded at Tampico, he reopened the ac-
counts and they were paid again.
Mr. DUNHAM asked if this had not been
done under the opinion of the Attorney General?
Mr. BURT. I will ask if that opinion conforms
to the act of 1846, and if the Attorney General did
not totally misconceive the question submitted to
him, in holding that they were entitled to be again
paid ?
Mr. DUNHAM was understood to say that
the Attorney General had reasons for the opinion
he gave.
Mr. BURT. I do not ask as to his reasons,
but as to his opinion. What says the act of
1846? It provides that the troops shall- be paid
by the most direct route. I ask the gentleman if
that was the way the Attorney General interpreted
the act ?
Mr. DUNHAM said, with the gentleman's
permission he would read what the Attorney Gen-
eral said on that point.
[Mr. D. read from the opinion of the Attorney
Geneial ] *
Mr. BURT. 1 simply desire thkt the House
and the committee should understand the facts of
this case. 1 desire that thev should know what
they are doing—that they should know what will
be the practical working of the amendment they
are adopting. I shall then have discharged my
duty. I will ask the Clerk to read the communi-
cation which 1 send to the Chair.
The Clerk* read a communication from the
Paymaster General, to the Secretary of War (Mr.
Crawford.)
Mr. RUMSEJ.Y said the object of the amend-
ment which he had offered was to leave the ques-
tion of distance open, and to let it be settled by the
department. He did not suppose that the House
felt disposed at this time to change the ordinary
rule which had been established.
Mr. MARSHALL hoped, he said, that the
amendment of the gentleman from New York
[Mr. Rumsey] would not receive the sanction of
the committee, as it would virtually deny the claim
of that class of persons whom he, (Mr. M.) de-
sired to serve.
Mr. M. was then proceeding to explain what
the law was.
Mr. BURT suggested that there was no law on
the subject presenting the rate by which officers of
the aimy detailed on duty should be paid. He
believed it was a mere regulation of the department.
If it was not a mere matter of regulation, he would
ask the gentleman to lay his hand upon the law,
and see in what respect it differed from the act of
1836, by which these troops were paid.
Mr. MARSHALL stated that the mileage al-
lowed to the volunteers discharged at New Orleans
in June, 1847, had not been computed upon the
usual routeof travel, and said that the amendment
of the gentleman from New York rendered his
amendment perfectly nugatory, because it left the
matter a question of construction. The vital part
of his amendment was to put on record the opinion
of Congress that a mistake had been committed by
the Paymaster General, and how that mistake
should be corrected.
Mr. GORMAN said,it was stated in the letter
of Colonel Larned, which had been read, that it
was the duty of the captains of companies to con-
cur with the inspecting officers, and fix the dis-
tance on which the mileage was to be computed
The mistake was not very creditable to the long
experience of that officer. It was not the law- The
estimate was always made by the Paymaster Gen-
eral.
Mr. BURT said, he conceived that the gentle-
man misunderstood the letter of Colonel Larned,
and he explained the statements of that letter.
Mr. GORMAN reiterated that it was the duty
of the Paymaster General to fix the distance, and
it was done by hie arbitrary judgment.
One remark (hesaid) ought to be conclusive.
When the Government sent oiit an army by one
route, it was their duty to sgnd them home by the
same route. These volunteers were sent out by
the river route to New Orleans, and after the ter-
mination of their campaign, when they were dis-
charged at New Orleans, the Paymaster General
directed them to be sent home by Nashville, the
stage route—a route which wgs utterly impractica-
ble for any army of five or six thousand men. He
said that the whole monthly pay of privates—
seven dollars per month—was consumed by their
necessary expenses, and he must be a very frugal
and economical man indeed who, at the close of
a twelve months' campaign, would have saved any
of his pay. He scarcely knew a man who had
a farthing left. When they were discharged at
New Orleans, they had not a cent of money in their
pockets. And the pay they received for travel by
the way of Nashville was not sufficient to take
them home. But if sent back by the way of the
river—the same route by which they were sent
out—they would receive sufficient to pay their trav-
eling expenses and have a little left.
Mr BUIIT said, the soldier received fifty cents
for every twenty miles travel, and twenty-two*
cents per day—making seventy-two cents per day.
He wished to know of the gentleman from Indi-
ana, whether these soldiers, receiving this pay,
would not receive not only enough to meet their
expenses,but actually have money left upon reach-
ing their homes? He made an estimate of the
expenses of travel from New Orleans to Cincinnati
and Louisville, which, compared with the compen-
sation they received, showed that every man
would make money by the operation.
Mr. GORMAN said, the sum they received, at
the rate<? suggested by the gentleman, was some
$60 or $65 With that (their pay having been
exhausted) they were qbhged to procure a new
citizen's dress, in place of the ragged, tattered uni-
form they had on, and this, in addition to all their
unavoidable expenses, would leave them only ten
or fifteen dollars to go home to their families and
friends. He entered further into details, and
warmly urged, as a matter of justice to the soldier,
that the Government should send them home and
pay their mileage by the river route—it being the
same by which they were sent to the war.
Mr. CLEVELAND was in favor of the propo-
sition of the gentleman from Indiana. But he
wished for a moment to institute a comparison be-
tween the conduct of gentlemen on this occasion,
when they were considering a proposition of jus-
tice to the poor soldier, and their conduct when
the other day a proposition had been brought in
to give to each of the clerks of the House who re-
ceived salaries ranging from §1,500 to §3,000 per
annum, and to the pages who received $60 per
month, a gratuity of $250. Gentlemen were hesi-
tating about giving to the soldier, who received
but seven'dollars a month for his services in de-
fence of the country, the pay for travel to which
they were justly entitled, while they were ready
to squander money upon clerks, &c , to whom it
was not due, and ought not to be paid. He hoped
the committee would agree to this proposition of
justice to the soldiers; and that, for their own
credit, when the other proposition again came up,
they would vote it down.
Mr. HALL (having ascertained that an amend-
ment to the amendment was not in order) requested
the gentleman from Kentucky [Mr. Marshall} to
accept, as a modification of his own amendment,
an amendment which he (Mr. H.) wished to offer.
The proposition of Mr. Hall was read:
te And for the Missouri and Illinoi^'volunteera who were
rii^charcpd at New Orleans or Camarjjo, the distance from
New Orleans to St. Louis shall be computed by the river
route."
Mr. MARSHALL declined to accept the amend-
ment.
Mr. HALL asked that the orginal amendment
be read.
It was read accordingly.
Mr. BISSELL suggested a modification of Mr.
Hall's amendment, which, as the Reporter un-
derstood, was accepted.
Mr. HALL briefly explained the amendment
which he wished to offer. The proposition of the
gentleman from Kentucky benefited only those
volunteers who wenuto Louisville: consequently
the Illinois and Missouri troops were not included.
He was perfectly willing that the Kentucky, In-
diana, and Ohio troops should be paid their rrt'le-
age from New Orleans by the river route. He
admitted it was right. But he wished the Illi-
nois and Missouri troops paid in the same way
also.
Mr. MARSHALL was understood to say that
in framing his amendment he had ascertained the
deficiency due to the Kentucky, Indiana, and Ohio
troops, and had inserted the amount; but with
reference to the Illinois and Missouri troops he
knew nothing as to what was due -them, -nor how
to modify his amendment to include them.
Mr. HALL assured the gentleman from Ken-
tucky, that instead of encumbering his amend-
ment by accepting propositions which would do
justice to oil, he would strengthen it.
Mr. GREEN wished to say he had presented
the first memorial from the original Missouri vol- «
unteers, who felt themselvef? aggrieved; and it was
now proposed to exe'ude them entirely.
Mr. BISSELL said he did not certainly under-
stand the amendment; but if it was confined ex-
clusively to the benefit of the volunteers fmm one
State, he was opposed to it. If it included the
volunteers from all the States, he was in favor
of it.
Mr. HALL renewed his appeal to Mr. Mar-
shall to modify his amendment, as he (Mr. H.)
had suggested; and repeated that whi'e the amend-
ment of the gentleman from Kentucky provided
that all the volunteers from Indiana, Ohio, ^nd
Kentucky, should be paid by the river route; all
he asked was that the Illinois and Missouri vol-
unteers should be n*ud by the same route. *
Mr MARSHALL said he had no objection to
accepting a proposition of that kind.
Mr. HALL. Very well; that is all I wish.
Mr. BAYLY asked the gentleman from Ken-
tucky to put in a provision for the Virginia troops
also.
Mr. MASON made a few remarks on the course
whichrhad been pursued in the payment of the
troops of the State of Illinois, and of other volun-
teer troops engaged in the war with Mexico.
Those discharged in Mexico were paid their
monthly pay to the time of their discharge, and
were then transported home at the expense of the
Government. He desired to move an amendment,
to the effect that all the troops sent from Mexico
and discharged at home, should be put on on equal
footing with those discharged in Mexico. The
troops discharged in Mexico had been dealt with
liberally, while those discharged at home have a
right to complain that they have been hardly
treated. He would send to the Clerk an amend-
ment, which provides that all the troops of the
different States shall be placed on an equal footing.
The amendment having been read,
The CHAIR decided that the amendment was
not now in order.
Mr. MASON said he would then submit it at
a proper time. As it had been stated by the chair-
main of the Committee on Military Affairs, the
mileage allowed to the troops discharged in Mex-
ico amounted to $74 per thous' d miles. He
thought that all the other amendments ought to
he voted down, and that we ought to pay those
who had never been paid anything, and who think,
and rightly think, that they have been hardly deal
with.
Mr. TAYLOR said, he did not propose to de-
tain the commiitec. but he could not, without in-
curring the charge of negligence of his duty, omit
saying a very few woids. if he understood the
amendment, he was in favor of it. He did not
think there ought to be any distinction made in
the payment of the mileage of these troops He
was satisfied that if the troops of the State of
Ohio were paid their mileage on the principle of
this amendment, they would be entitled to some
$40,000 or $50,000 more than they have hitherto
received, if they are entitled to this increased
mileage on the piincipleon which the volunteers
of the State of Maryland have received it, hp felt
assured that the House would not refuse it. When
he looked into this bill and saw the amount which
was appropriated for the regular army, he felt very
much disposed to deal liberally with the volunteers.
The allowance in this bill for mileage, the
allowance to the regular officers when traveling
without troops, $120,000. And here is a proposi-
tion from the gemlem*n from Kentucky, [Mr,
Marshall,] to add $200,000 to pay the mileage
of the volunteers, which has been hitherto with-
