1850.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
869
made to them. The distribution of the proceeds
of the public lands many years ago injured many
of the States, led them into extravagant expendi-
tures, involved them in debt, and many of them
are now regretting that they ever received it.
To what I desired to call the attention of the
Senator from Tennessee, is the fact that, by his
amendment, if it prevails, he brings up an issue
that will divide the Congress of the United States
upon a question of constitutional right and power.
Mr. BELL, (in his seat.) How?
Mr. KING. I speak of the right and power of
Congress, under the Constitution, to grant to the
States in the manner proposed. There is a great
diversity of opinion on the subject; a very great
one. We depart entirely from the principle we
are contending for. If the Senator's amendment
prevails, we go upon the ground that, in advoca-
ting this bill, we are disposing of the public domain
lying within the States for the benefit and im-
provement of the public lands themselves, and
giving a value to them, by opening a new means
of communication by which they may be brought
into market. It was precisely upon this princi-
ple, as I mentioned yesterday, that we made a
grant for the removal of the Red river raft. There
were millions of acres of the public domain lying
above that raft that were continually inundated,
and were therefore worthless, and could not be
disposed of. They were worse than worthless,
because they rendered the adjacent country ex-
tremely unhealthy; and the raft was removed by
Congress, in order that the lands might be drained.
They were drained, and went into market and
sold for a large sum. But if we go beyond that,
and grant them to States where the lands do not
lie, why we have all those questions raised which
have agitated us so long, and thus will not only
embarrass this measure, but will secure its defeat.
Now, is that the object of the Senator r With re-
gard to the completion of the entire road, if this
grant is made to Alabama and Mississippi, I will
say, that the portion of it leading through the
'southwestern part of Tennessee and a little corner
of Kentucky, will certainly be made if the remain-
der is. The great object is to reach a point on
the Mississippi near the mouth of the Ohio. That
was the original design of the charter of the road,
and the road is just as certain to be completed
through Tennessee and Kentucky, as anywhere
else, unless obstructions should" be thrown in the
way not now anticipated. They have now graded
a portion of the road, and there is under contract
a much greater distance, and I trust at this stage
of the business, whenjgke prospect is that so larg%
a majority will be in fWor of the bill as it stands,
when I myself and others have declined embar-
rassing it by proposing any other routes, but sim-
ply confine the road to a straight line of commu-
nication, that the Senator from Tennessee will see
the propriety of withdrawing his motion, and
allow the question to remain unincumbered. I
appeal to the Senator as a friend of the work, to
do this, and I tell him if he succeeds in securing
the adoption of his amendment, he will only defeat
the measure which he has been advocating so
ably.
Mr. SHIELDS. I concur in everything that
has been said by my friend from Alabama. And
while I agree with the Senator from Tennessee
in the sentiments he has expressed so much better
than I could myself, and am really happy to see
that Senator rise in his place and point out the
great advantage to be secured, not only to Illinois,
but to the whole country, in opening this great
communication from the Lakes to the Gulf of
Mexico, I deeply regret that he should present a
proposition which I know will not only embarrass
the bill, but must ultimately secure its defeat.
Now, sir, if this road leading; through Tennessee
and Kentucky cannot otherwise be completed, for
one, I will agree, if it can be done constitutionally,
to give you land enough from Illinois to complete
it. I agree here, and pledge myself under these
circumstances, to vote to give you land enough;
but I do not wish to see this bill embarrassed
now, and I am certain that the Senator himself
neither wishes to defeat nor embarrass it. The
measure is too grand, too magnificent a one to
meet with such a fate, at the hands of this Con-
gress. And really, as it is to connect the North
and South so thoroughly, it may serve to get rid
of even the Wilmot proviso, and tie us together
so effectually that the idea even of separation will
be impossible. I beg of the Senator from Ten-
nessee, as a special favor to us, to withdraw his
proposition.
Mr. BELL. It is difficult to withstand such
appeals from Senators whom I esteem so highly,
but I beg leave to ask if they are not mistaken as
to the consequences that are to result from the
adoption of this proposition ? 1 took very distinct
ground from that which is apprehended; that is,
placing it on the ground that we should give this
land to Tennessee and Kentucky, as if it stood on
the principle of the distribution of the public lands
of the new States among all the States. I said it
was essential to supply this gap in the chain of
communication, a small link in it, only about one-
eighth of that which, I apprehended, would not
be supplied under this appropriation proposed to
be made by Congres.s unless it should be extended
so as to include it. Now, I tell the Senator from
A.abama, though I do not pretend to be a prophet,
that this road never will be constructed through
Tennessee except such a clause is adopted. You
can find a convenient and economical terminus in
the northern part of the State of Mississippi, upon
that great trunk which discharges all the waters
of the North, South, and West, and the States of
Alabama and Mississippi will come to the conclu-
sion that it will be no great inconvenience to be
obliged to navigate the Mississippi some hundred
miles further up than the mouth of the Ohio, in-
stead of constructing at their own expense this
road of one hundred and twenty or one hundred
and thirty miles, through the States of Tennessee
and Kentucky. They never will do it. I am a
friend to the proposition for constructing the road
in Alabama and Mississippi, for I am a friend to
every work which promises to be nationally use-
ful, whether it is located through my State or not.
I do not act on so narrow a principle as to oppose
the work, even if my own State does not get the
lands applied for. I shall vote for the bill, though
my proposition be not included.
But what does the Senator from Alabama mean,
when he speaks of constitutional objections to
voring this land to the States? 1s not that the
proposition of the bill ? Is it not giving to the
States or corporation the lands in Alabama pro-
posed by the Senator from Alabama? The con-
stitutional objection, if it amounts to anything at
all, applies with the same force to a proposition to
give tnese lands to any one State as to one giving
them to two or more. If it be constitutional to
give land to Mississippi, why is it not constitu-
tional to give it to Tennessee or Kentucky ? So
of Illinois. Where is the point of difference?
The only constitutional question that I know of,
rests alone upon the question of appropriation,
whether of lands or money, for works of this de-
scription, in one State or in more. It seems to
me, that if we determine the question of constitu-
tionality to be in favor of the power to donate to
one State, you settle the whole proposition. I
can see no difference. The objection is this, that
these lands he in Illinois for example, and that it
is proposed to give a portion of them to Kentucky
or Tennessee. Where is the distinction in a con-
stitutional point of view, whether the lands are in
one State or another ? The property*does not be-
long to Illinois more than to any other State in
the Union. But we have heretofore done this very
thing. We have appropriated land, for example,
for the support of an asylum in Connecticut, and
another in Kentucky. Certainly theie can be no
distinction between appropriating the land to the
State in which it lies and to any other State, if it
is the property of the Government.
Mr. DOWNS. Kwish to ask the Senator,
while on this point, whether this railroad through
Illinois, Kentucky, and Tennessee, and the whole
route, is to be made by one company, or are they
separate companies in different States? I have
supposed, as is frequently the case where a road
runs through several States, that the whole was
to be the work of one company, sanctioned by the
several States. If that be the case in this instance,
it is not very material to Kentucky or Tennessee
whether the lands are granted to Illinois or Alabama,
so long as they secuie the completion of the work.
Mr. BELL. I would just say that still there
is no difference in principle, whether a company
or the State construct the road, because, if the
lands are granted to the State, it can grant them to
the company who will construct the road.
Mr. DOWNS, If the Senator will pardon me
for a moment, I believe he has misunderstood my
question. '
Mr. BELL. I beg the Senator's pardon; I will
come to it in a moment. My impressions are in
part based on the idea that the work will never be
constructed either through Tennessee or Kentucky
without foreign aid, and that there is no sufficient
interesteither in Alabama or Mississippi to make
the road there at their own expense.* That is my
idea; and the reasoning upon which it is based
will, I think, meet the concurrence of the Senator
himself. This is a very vast undertaking—the
building of some three hundred miles of road
through Mississippi and Alabama alone, at an ex-
pense of not less than fifteen or twenty thousand
dollars to the mile. And so in Illinois, the four
hundred miles theie will not cost less than fifteen
or twenty thousand dollars to the mile.
Mr. SHIELDS, (in his seat.) Say ten thou-
sand dollars.
Mr. BELL. Well, ten thousand dollars a mile.
These States will be burdened enough with the
completion of their own portions of the road, and
will not be at liberty or feel the inclination to en-
gage in the construction of the works in Tennes-
see and Kentucky. And in Western Tennessee
and the part of Kentucky through which this road
is to run, the interest will not be sufficiently great
to induce the people to build the road. The local
interests in the road, it is true, are considerable,
but they are confined to a narrow limit and m a
sparse population. Now, this is a work great and
advantageous in itself, one which, if constructed,
will have a beneficial effect upon both the North
and the South; and I desire, therefore, to secure
the cooperation of the Government to furnish the
means for its completion through Kentucky and
Tennessee both. I do not propose to insist further
upon my proposition. 1 have given this explana-
tion of my object to show that it was not offered
frivolously, and I will leave it to the Senate to dis-
pose of. The Senators from Illinois and Alabama
suppose, that if my proposition succeeds it will be
fatal to the measure. 1 should regret exceedingly
if such should be the effect, but I do not see that
"it will be. At all events, I shall vote for the bill
whether my proposition be adopted or not.
Mr. MILLER. 1 have no constitutional diffi-
culties in the way of voting fortius disposition of
the public lands for the purposes of internal im-
provement; and I would cheerfully give my vote
for this bill if I was satisfied it was not partial in
its nature, and liable to lead to difficulties in the fu-
ture disposition of the public lands. It appears to
me, from the opposition made to the proposition
of the Senator from Tennessee, that the gentlemen
advocating this proposition put it entirely on the
ground that we have only a right to appropriate
these lands to works of internal improvement be-
tween the States where the lands lie. I under-
stand this proposition to be to give to Illinois, for
the purpose of making a great public highway, al-
ternate sections of the public lands lying along the
extensive line of this road, and we are to do it
because we consider that the construction of these
railroads everywhere, especially a work like this,
are of great benefit to the public lands, in so fr«r
as they facilitate communication and encourage
their settlement.
In this view, therefore, we, as the proprietors,
are willing to do our part for the purpose of en-
couraging this great public improvement. Well,
it turns out that this road, to be of any advantage
at all, or to any considerable degree, is, on ac-
count of its connection with a long line of rail-
roads, extending from Chicago, through Illinois,
down to the mouth of the Ohio river, and across
Kentucky and Tennessee, Mississippi, and Ala-
, bama. Now what is the proposition? This
! public highway, of, I suppose, about fifteen hun-
dred miles in length, is admitted to be of a
great national character, and-one that will en-
courage the settlement and enhance the value
of the public lands. Gentlemen say we have
the ri^ht to donate to the State of Illinois the
pubiic°lands for building this road withm that
State, but the moment this great public highway
crosses her line, we have no right to assist in the
completion of this work ! In other words, we,
holding this domain, have a right to assist in
building the road in the State where the lands
lie, but the moment we cross that line our power
ceases. This is a partial administration of the
public prdpfcty which I cannot comprehend.
