1964
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
Sept. 25,
held from them through an erroneous? construction
of the law. Some of these troops had been settled
with by the river route, and it is now proposed to
put them all on an equality, computingby the usual
route. Great injustice had been done He was
not to be influenced by the amount involved in the
amendment, and he should vote for it. He would
vote to give these Ohio volunteers the $40,000 or
$50,000 to which they are entitled; and he thought
it would be very unjust to withhold it. The rule
which had been adopted in reference to these
troops from Kentucky, Ohio, and Indiana, has
been to compute the mileage by the river route,
whirh deprives them of a portion of that which
would be due to them, if the-computation was
made by the usual route.
Mr. CROWELL begged to ask his colleague if
these volunteers had been paid the compensation
allowed by law at the time when they volunteered ?
Mr. TAYLOR said, he could not reply of his
own knowledge, but he understood from a colleague
that it had not been paid. Some-four or five thou-
sand of these volunteers had been deprived of the
mileage due to them, in consequence of an incor-
rect construction of the law.
Mr. CROWELL asked in what point the law
was misconstrued ?
Mr. TAYLOR replied, that the misconstruction
consisted m the computation of the mileage due
to these troops as for seven hundred miles, instead
of fourteen hundred miles, the distance allowed
to the regular troops, and which, by a proper con-
struction of the law, would have been allowed to
these volunteers. He did not mean to detain the
committee. Did not his colleague see that this
was injustice? We ought to pay the volunteers
correctly, in accordance with the law as it was con-
strued by the Attorney General, and according to
the rule by which the regular troops have been paid.
Let us do justice to these volunteers. If Maryland
was paid accordingtoone rule, why should not Ken-
tucky, Indiana, Ohio, Mississippi, and all the west-
ern States be settled with on the same principle?
Mr. CALDWELL, of Kentucky, wished to call
the attention of his colleague [Mr. Marshall]
to a class of volunteers who had received less pay
than the class for which his amendment was in-
tended. He referred to the regiments which had
been discharged at New Orleans at the conclusion
of the Mexican war, who were entitled, under the
rule established by Congress, to be discharged at
their own homes. These troops received no com-
pensation in the way of mileage at New Orleans
when they were discharged, not even sufficient to
buy them a suit of clothes to go home with. He
proposed to provide for the payment of the mileage
due to these troops, and to put them on an equality
with the other troops. When, in 1843, these
troopSj after the conclusion of the war, came to
New Orleans, they claimed their mileage, and the re-
fusal almost urged them to mutiny, and they were
finally discharged and sent away from New Or-
leans without any compensation. He desired to
put this class of volunteers on an equal footing
with others, and to provide that there shall be paid
to them the difference between the mileage com-
puted in their case, and that computed and paid in
other cases.
Mr. McMULLKN asked what was the amount
of the difference between the compensation provi-
ded by the amendment of the gentleman from
Kentucky, [Mr. Marshall,] and that now re-
quired to be paid by the proposition of the other
gentleman from Kentucky?
Mr. CALDWELL replied, that by the amend-
ment of his colleague, the benefit which would ac-
crue to each soldier would be some seven or eight
dollars. If, however, the proposition which he
(Mr. C.) intended to submit should be adopted, it
would give from thirty to thirty-fivedollars to each
soldier. That would be the difference required to
put these troops on a footing of equality with the
other troops. He did not know how many regi-
ments there were who could claim the benefit of
this provision. There were only two regiments
from Kentucky- These have received no com-
pensation; and if we adopt a principle which would
place these troops on a footing of equity with the
others, it will give this difference of thirty or thirty-
five dollars. When it might be in order to move
his amendment, which he presumed it would not
be now, he would submit it. He would ask the
Chair, however, if it would be in order to move
his amendment now.
The CHAIR decided that it would not.
After a few words from Mr. RICHARDSON,
the question was taken on the amendment moved
by Mr. Rumsey to the amendment.
Tellers were demanded.
Mr. Calvin and Mr. Cartter were ap-
pointed, and the vote was announced—ayes 46,
noes 71.
So the amendment to the amendment was re-
jected.
The question recurring on the amendment of
Mr. Marshall—
Mr. CALDWELL, of Kentucky, moved to
amend the amendment by adding thereto the fol-
lowing proviso:
"Provided, That the volunteers in said war who at a sub-
sequent period were discharged at their place of rendezvous,
at or near iheir homes, pfoall he paid the difference between
the cost of their transportation fronvthe point where they
were landed in the United States to the p'ace where they
were discharged, and the amount of commutation for trans-
portation paid by this clause."
Mr. MARSHALL said he was opposed to the
amendment of his colleague. That amendment
rested on a different principle from the one
which he had offered. The latter rested on the
= principle of an existing contract. The troops to
which his amendment referred were entitled by
contract to the mileage which the law allowed
tnem. The Government undertook to discharge
these troops, and did not undertake to carry these
troops home. The principle on which the amend-
ment of his colleague was based was that of a
gratuity. And thus the two propositions rested
on principles entirely different.
Mr. CALDWELL, of Kentucky, regretted that
his amendment did not meet the approbation of
his colleague. The volunteers embraced in the
amend ment of his colleague were discharged at New
Orleans by their own request. Those who were
ordered out under the second call, and were mus-
tered into service, and who served during: the war,
were to be conveyed to their own homes, at the
conclusion of the war, and to be discharged there.
The execution of that order, when the troops
came to New Orleans, had nearly produced a mu-
tiny there, and the general in command was
brought up on a writ of habeas corpus, on the
ground of an unl awful detention. The troops claimed
it as their right to be discharged, and that every man,
according to the terms ejf his enlistment, was en-
titled to go to his home free of cost. The Gov-
ernment, however, ordered them to be discharged,
and they received nothing. Had these men re-
ceived according to the rule proposed by the
amendment of his colleague, they would have been
enabled to purchase for themselves a suit of clothes,
and to have gone home. He desired to put these
soldiers on an equal footing with the favored class
of troops.
Mr. JOHNSON, of Arkansas, expressed nim-
self as perfectly satisfied that the troops of the va-
rious States discharged at New Orleans at the
close of the Mexican war, had a right to their full
mileage to their homes. The gentlemaq from Ken-
tucky [Mr. Marshall] had made it his business
to collect evidence on the subject, in relation to the
troops of his own State, and there was no doubt
that his amendment was perfectly correct in its
principle; at the same-time, it was clear that the
facts relating to the troops of the o^ther States had
not been sufficiently presented to the committee
by other gentlemen. As to the troops from his
State, he had not examined the question, not hav-
ing been called upon by the people of Arkansas to
do so. With reference to the troops from Penn-
sylvania, from Illinois, from Missouri, from In-
diana, and other States, he had no hesitation in
giving it as his opinion that these troops are enti-
tled to relief. But the facts in reference to all these
troops are not now before the committee, and until
they are, he thought that however proper they
may be in themselves, these amendments ought
not to be adopted. , He had not offered any amend-
ment in relation to the troops of his State, nor did
he intend to offer any at this moment. He would
wait, and at some future time, after the subject
shall have undergone full examination, he would
be as ready as any gentleman to submit the claims
of the troops from his State to the consideration of
the House. The subject could be resumed at the
next session, which, is not very remote, when gen-
tlemen from all the other States could come here
with their evidence in their hands, and ask confi-
dently for the same measure of justice which the
gentleman from Kentucky now demands for the
troops of his State. While, therefore, he de-
sired to express his full confidence in the justice of
these claims—while he regarded them as right and
just in themselves, he felt himself now constrained
to vote against all amendments to the proposition
of the gentleman from Kentucky. If at the next
session, gentlemen will take the same pains to
which he (the gentleman from Arksypsas) now
pledges himself, full justice will be done on the
principle now proposed by the gentleman from
Kentucky [Mr. Marshall] to be established.
The proposition of that gentleman is plain, right,
and just, and ought to be recognized.
Mr. BISSELL thought that no substantial ben-
efit would result to the soldier from the mileage
money provided for by the amendment of the
gentleman from Kentucky, because the amount
proposed was so small as scarcely to pay for the
trouble of getting it. The amount to each man
would scarcely exceed seven dollars and a half.
When the value of the time which the soldier will
have to spend in getting this; the amount he will
have to pay to lawyers oc agents for preparing his
papers and drawing his money; when these are
deducted from the small sum of seven dollars and
a half, the amount remaining to the soldier (said
Mr. B.) will be very small indeed—certainly not
enough to pay him for his trouble. He was in
favor of the principle embraced in the amendment
of the gentleman from Kentucky, but the amount
proposed to be paid to the soldier ought to be in-
creased, doubled, at least, if we would confer on
the soldier any real substantial benefit.
Mr. McCLERNAND expressed a hope that
there would be no more discussion, but that the
vote on the amendment would be taken.
The question was then taken on the amendment
of Mr. Caldwell to the amendment of Mr,
Marshall, and it was decided in the negative.
Mr. PHCENIX moved to amend the amend-
ment by inserting the word "New-York" after
the word " Illinois.99
Mr. GORMAN suggested to the gentleman from
New York that that State had no .troops to be dis-
charged in 1847. All the New York troops had
been sent home before that period.
Mr PHCENIX said, if New York had no troops
then there would be nothing to pay. According
to his recollection she had.
Mr. GORMAN stated that the troops under
General Taylor were from the various States of
the West, which he designated; and towards the
close of the war, the troops from North Carolina
and Virginia came up. New York had no troops
there.
Mr. PHCENIX withdrew his amendment to the
amendment.
Mr. BURT moved to amend the amendment by
substituting in lieu thereof the following:
" For deficiency in commutation for mileage to the volun-
teers in the. Mexican war who were paid on computation by
: the moft direct route, and not by the usually traveled route,
§400,000; and the Paymaster General is hereby authorized
1 to dispatch a paymaster to each of the States in which such
deficiencies exist to make said payments, according to the
usual routeot travel from the place of discharge to the place
; at which they were mustered into service, deducting %vhat
: may have been heretofore paid."
! Mr. B. said, he had offered this amendment be-
| cause if the principle of the amendment of the
i gentleman from Kentucky were to prevail, all the
; troops discharged at the conclusion of the Mexi-
| can war ought to be considered as entitled to the
! same benefit. The amendment had that scope,
j and nothing beyond it. It must be obvious that if
! the troops included in the amendment of the gen-
: tleman from Kentucky were to be paid under a
rule different from the law of 1846, ail the other
■ troops would be paid off under that rule. *He
i hoped the gentleman from Kentucky and his
1 friends would not object to this amendment. It
| takes in all the troops on the principle of the gen-
| tleman from Kentucky.
I Mr. McCLERNAND was understood to ask if
this amendment would not embrace all the New
i York troops which were transported by sea, and
the Mormons who went by ihe overland route?
Mr. BURT replied m the negative, because the
former were discharged from the service in Cali-
fornia, and the Mormons were lo settle in the
country to form the nucleus of a population there.
Mr. McCLERNAND made some further re-
marks in opposition to the amendment to the
amendment. He thought that as it was presented
