1850.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
871
Then comes the amendment of our friend from
Alabama. He brings in Alabama and Mississippi;
I suppose that will add four or five hundred miles
tnore. Then comes in the amendment of the Sen-
ator from Tennessee.
Mr. DOUGLAS. I would suggest to the hon-
orable Senator, that it is not five hundred miles
from the city of Mobile to the mouth of the Ohio
river. He is mistaken by about two hundred
miles.
Mr. DAYTON. In this grand figuring on this
vast scale, I may be mistaken some two hundred
miles, according to the estimate of my friend from
Illinois. Granted. You will now see what a vast
domain is. to be appropriated by the amendments
to this bill—to be absolutely given away.
Now-, Mr. President, when we are manifesting
this excessive liberality in regard to this line of
route, I really do not know why the same spirit of
liberality should not be extended to other parts of
the nation. I do not see why the same spirit of
liberality should not be extended to other western
States, that are, perhaps, as much in want of the
proceeds of these public lands as the States through
which these roads run. The fact of running the
road through three or four States, gives to those
States a special advantage which their sister asso-
ciated States do not possess. Why, then, is it
that in this grand donation, when you talk of
thousands and millions of acres, you are to restrict
at to three or four States, through which this rail-
road is to run? Sir, I cannot see any possible
reason—there is no reason why the other States
should not be benefited. There is no reason why
the eastern States should not be benefited. Some
<of .us, God knows, are poor enough, and we want
it, if we are justly entitled to it; and we believe, in
•all honesty and in good faith, that we are as much
■entitled to -receive our share of the proceeds of
those lands as the States in which they lie. We
know of no reason in reference either to the ques-
tion of constitutional power, or to the question of
equity as between partners, in this great, glorious,
and magnificent property—we know of no reason
why we should not come in and receive our share
of the proceeds of the sale of the public lands.
I have only referred to this subject to present a
short amendment that I have drawn up. I dare
say it may need some revision., as I havedrawn it
up rather hastily, it embraces matters that will
Auwe to be considered, if this bill is recommitted
to the committee, as proposed by my friend from
Tennessee, {Mr. Bell ] I therefore offer this
amendment to his amendment, which I believe is
in order: •
Provtdedf further, That, after the appropriation of the
<?artds hereinbefore referred to the States hereinbefore named,
the net proceeds of th« sales of the residue of the public
lands, from and after the 31 t clay of December next, shall
be divided between the several States of the Union and the
territones thereof, as they now exist, agreeably to the pro-
visions of an act entitled "An act to appropuate the pro-
ceeds of the sates of the public lands, and to grant preemp-
tion rights," passed September 4, 1841; the provisions of
which act, so far as the same can be properly applied tn the
distribution of the proceeds of said sales, are hereby re
«naete<l and reaffirmed.
In other words, Mr. President, it will be seen
and understood at once that, in reference to the
remainder of these public lands, it is a reenactment
of the land law of 1841, for the general distribu-
tion of the proceeds of those public lands, and
giving the distributees a fair chance. All will
agree, I think, that we cannot make very many
grants of this sort—a thousand miles long by six
miles wide—because, after you have made a few
grants of this sort, the whole matter will be whit-
tled down to a very small point. There will not
be much public domain left. 1 think, therefore,
that this is a very proper time to present this
amendment to our friends on both sides of the
Chamber, and see what the spirit of liberality will
do for the country at large.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The question
is on the recommitment of the bill, with the specific
instructions offered by the Senatorfrom Tennessee.
The amendment is not, therefore, in order at this
time.
Mr. DAYTON. Then let it lie on the table
for the present. It will be in order in a httle
while.
Mr. BENTON. The general principle which
the bill before the Senate presents is one which
has long been under consideration in both Houses
of Congress. As far back as twenty-odd years
ago the principle of the bill was a part of a general
proposition, which, was then before the Senate,
and it was known as the graduation bill. That
bill contained three features. The first, to reduce
the price of those lands which had been some
years in market; the next was to make donations
of lands, in limited quantities, to actual^settlers;
the third and last was, to cede the refuse lands to
the States in which they lay for objects of internal
improvement. It is the last of these propositions
which is somewhat covered by the proposition
now before the Senate. From the consideration
which i gave to that subject at that early day, it
appeared to me that it was a beneficial disposition
for the United States to make of her refuse lands,
to cede them to the States in which they lay.
Lands which had been twenty or twenty-five
years in the market at the minimum price, and
had never found a purchaser up to that time, were
classed as refuse, and it was deemed that the
States, as a local authority, might be able to make
some disposition of them which the General Gov-
ernment, without machinery ofland offices, could
not. The principle of the biil before the Senate is
to take the refuse lands and appropriate them to a
great object of internal improvement, which, al-
though it has its locality in a particular State, pro-
duces advantages which, we all know, spread far
and wide; for a good road cannot be made any-
where without being beneficial to the whole United
States.
The only State that has received the full benefit
of this principle is the State of Tennessee. 1
mention it for the consideration of the Senator
from Tennessee, who has moved to recommit this
bill. The United States, to be sure, was not so
large a landholder in the State of Tennessee as she
was in other young States, but she was to a con-
siderable extent. And in 1846 we passed a bill
through both Houses of_Congress, by a very
hearty concurrence, ceding to the State of Tennes-
see all the lands which the United States held in
that State. The quantity-was then computed at
three millions of acres. An actual account or
enumeration a short time before computed it at
about three and a half millions. This is very
considerable, if you go by the acres, but not very
much if you go by the actual value, at ten or a
dozen cents per acre, for that was as much as it
would bring. But we gave up all that we owned
in the State of Tennessee to the State, without
limitation as to the object to which she was to
apply it. We not only gave her all, but we gave
her between eighteen and nineteen thousand dol-
lars, which she had in deposit as proceeds from
these lands; so that the bill not only gave lands,
but it gave money to Tennessee also.
Mr. BELL. Will the Senator allow me to ask
him a question ? 1 ask him whether the General
Government has not been bound, in all these new
States, to investigate the title of the lands ceded
to the United States; and whether, in his opinion
and from his knowledge of the condition of the
State, Tennessee has ever received one-half Ihe
expense which it incurred in the investigation of
these titles?
Mr. BENTON. Sir, the General Government
gave up to Tennessee all she had—every speck of
it—and about $18,000 besides. She gave it all up
to the State, and if she spends money upon it the
United States cannot help it. If there was some
expense in the use of it, the United States cannot
help it. She gave up all, and more besides.
And now, sir, as to the bill before the Senate
to give some refuse lands to Illinois, to aid in the
construction of a road. If, besides that, we were to
give back all the money that we have ever received
from the lands in that State, there would be some
parity of reasoning in the two cases. But we do
not put it in that way. The application now is for
part of the refuse lands for a great national pur-
pose; and I am free to say, that 1 am of opinion
that the principle contained in the graduation bill
ought to be adopted, and that all those refuse
lands, which have been in market for a great
length of time, should be given up to the States
in which they lie.
But, Mr. President, with respect to the general
proposition. This application rests upon a prin-
ciple that the young States are made desolate, in a
great degree, by having lands in their midst that
pay no taxes, undergo no cultivation, that are held
at a price that nobody will pay, and which, in
fact, in some parts of the country become jungies
for the protection of wild beasts that prey upon
the flocks and herds of the farmers. In other in-
stances the United States hold swamps and marshes
at prices that nobody will pay, and they hold on
to these swamps and marshes, garrisoned as they
are by pestilence, which the people of the country
cannot drain, because they are held by the Gov-
ernment of the United States. Sir, you may travel
a hundred miles through a country of marshes
and uncultivated land, which is not only worth-
less, but far worse; it becomes a place where mi-
asma is generated, and where beasts have their
haunts. But this bill proposes to make some
beneficial disposition of these lands. Of the gen-
eral principle of the bill I cordially approve. I
believe the General Government will have done
well when it gets rid of the administration of
these lands. I believe it will have done well
when it puts them in a condition to be made use-
ful to the human race, which they are not now.
Mr. TURNEY. I will say one word, sir, in
relation to the State of Tennessee. Several years
ago, perhaps ten years ago, the public lands in
Tennessee were offered at twelve and a half cents
per acre, and the State of Tennessee sold those
lands as the agent of the Federal Government.
The lands were sold under that provision of the
law for a number of years, and the proceeds were
paid over to the General Government, nothing
being retained to remunerate the State for her
agency in the matter. In 1846, as most of the
lands remaining in Tennessee were of little or no
value, the General Government relinquished to the
State the remainder of the lands unsold within the
State, possibly some three or three and a half mil-
lions of acres. The land was given to the State
for a special purpose,and not,as the Senatorfrom
Missouri supposes, without limitation, it was for
a purpose specified in the act of Congress—for the
purpose of building a college at Jackson, in West-
ern Tennessee. The sales of those lands have
amounted to some ten or fifteen thousand dollars,
all told, which is not enough to build the college.
This, sir, is, I believe, the history of the law of
1846, and that is the amount which has been de-
rived from the sales of the ceded lands under that
act. I do not mean to say that these are the only
lands that were ever ceded to the State by the
General Government. Far from it. A few ces-
sions were made that were far more valuable than
those ceded by the law of 1846. That law was
regarded at the time it was passed, as one that
would be very soon forgotten, in consequence of
its very insignificance in value or importance. It
is a very small matter indeed. Sir, take the whole
of the lands that have been ceded to this State, and
you will find that the amount is not near as much
as has been appropriated to common schools in
other Slates. •*
Sir, I am opposed to the system of distributing
the proceeds of the public lands; but it is far more
preferable,if thesystem is to prevail, to that policy
which has prevailed for some time past, of appro-
priating these lands to internal improvements ex-
clusively in the States in which they lie; and I
shall go for the proposition of my friend from
New Jersey, not that I advocate that system of
policy, but I select it in preference to the other.
If these lands are to be squandered for internal
improvements, I think that some of the old States
are entitled to a part, and they should not all be
given to the new. If it be constitutional to apply
them as proposed in this bill, it is constitutional to
distribute them amongst the States. If Congress
possesses the power to do the one, it possessesthe
power to do the other. If you can give land lying
in the State of Illinois to the State of Illinois, you
can give it to the State of Tennessee or Kentucky.
Surely there can be nothing found in the Consti-
tution that can prohibit us from giving to the one
State if we can give to the other.
But I hold that Congress has no such power;
and if we are to engage in th^fcystem of internal
improvements, I desire to see all the States equal-
ly benefited; and if it is to become a scramble, I
appeal in behalf of Tennessee, who is entitled to
her proportion. I am opposed to this system of
policy, wfeether it be a railroad bill or a canal bill,
or any other system of bills which will apply one
of the sources of the revenue of this Go\ernment
to objects of internal improvements in certain
States and not in other States. U is wrong m
point of principle. It is unjust, for we should
mete out justice to all the States alike. Certainly
these lands were originally acquired by the funds
