872
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
April 30,
in the Treasury which we derived from the pock-
ets of all—paid by the people of the old States as
well as the people of the new States—paid for by
the people of the States where there are no public
lands, as well as where there are public lands.
No doubt the much larger portion was paid by the
people of the States in which there were no public
lands, for in the new States there were compara-
tively very few to pay taxes at all. i can see no
principle of justice, of right, or of policy, in con-
tinuing this system of applying the proceeds of
those lands, or the lands themselves, to internal
improvements in the States in which they are sit-
uated, to the entire exclusion of all other States.
Mr. DAWSON. Mr. President; (Mr. Clay
temporarily occupying the chair,) I think it very
probable that you will live long enough—and may
you live a thousand years—to see many of your
views consummated by"this body. I think 1 can
see the tendency of things now in relation to the
policy of the general distribution of the proceeds
of the public lands. I know that this attack upon
the public lands comes from those gentlemen who
are constitutionally opposed to the distribilfion of
the proceeds of the public lands; but, to disavow
that sentiment, and wholly come to a new one,
they must commence by giving a distributive share
to each State one at a time. They know that we
are all one family, and that one child is never like-
ly to remain content while another is drawing a
larger proportion of the patrimony belonging to
the whole family.
Now, sir, it will be recollected very well that in
the year 1835 the public funds were deposited with
the several States, and. like the servants to whom
were given the talents—one five, one two, and
another one; some improved and others made no
use of this liberality. The State which I have the
honor, in part, to. represent, has to-day in actual
operation nearly eight hundred miles of railroads,
equal to that of any of the southern States, if not
to any State in the Union, arising from a proper
administration of her propoi tionate share of that
deposit by this Government among the States, and
her own and individual resources. All the other
States received their shares, but unfortunately some
of them managed it badly, and their credit and
public works went to decay. But is this any
reason, Mr. President, why those who have judi-
ciously managed and economically controlled what
they had, should be deprived of their equal par-
ticipation ? Now, sir, look over the State of
Georgia. From Augusta to Atlanta, and from
Augusta, the dividing line between South Carolina
and Georgia, to the Tennessee river, ruiimri" some I
eight or ten miles into the State of Tennessee,
Georgia thereby unite the Atlantic with the valley
of the Mississippi. And, sir, to-day you may j
st£yt from Charleston, and go by steam to Cairo, 1
the point which is designated as the southern ter-
ment and education. I admit it. But now let us
be just, and in the language of a friend of mine in
Georgia, "Divide fairly; do things honestly; do
them justly." But can you do it by the mode
that has been proposed in the bill now under con-
sideration? I submit it now to the judgment of
this body, do you believe .that 1 can stand by, as
a Senator from Georgia, and see three millions of
: the public lands given to Illinois: There is an-
1 other bill on your table for an appropriation of the
I same character, but to what extent 1 do not
| know. How far are they to carry this road ?
I Four hundred miles. Who pays for it? The
General Government. Why, the State of Georgia
has constructed her part of this great enterprise
upwards of six hundred miles, already compkted,
and now going by steam from the Atlantic to the
Valley of the Mississippi, all at our own expense.
1 have another view of this subject which X in-
tend to piesent, and I do not do it with any view
of embarrassing this question at all. I voted
, against the distribution of the proceeds of the pub-
j lie lands when m the other branch of Congress,
i and I would vote against it to-day; but I would
; say, wi'h my fnenU from Tennessee, that if you
[ are to divide them, to avoid this injustice, to avoid
I this inequality, let us divide them lairly and equal-
' ly. We area Confederacy of States, all entitled
i to equal rights and to equal dividends, according
! to the extent of the population. These internal
| improvements are for the benefit of not only the
i citizens of the South, but of the citizens of the
i North. They league us together, make us better
acquainted with each other, and cultivate our af-
j fections and personal conveniences. We will do
this by intercommunications between the States.
We may be asked, what do you want now in
Georgia ? Have you not got eight hundred miles
j of railroad? Now what more do you want? But,
! sir, we see this, that every year the losses sus-
i tamed to property by going round the cape of
Florida would be sufficient to build a railroad trorn
Mobile to some point within the limits of the State
of Ge< rgia, by which that dangerous passage
round the cape of Florida would be avoided. My
friend fiom Florida will concede tuat this is so.
1 have a prop'osuion to make, which 1 intend to
present. \\ hen you run through Illinois you
touch at Lake Michigan, and take the Senator
from Michigan, and unite him, not by the Nich-
olson letter, but by a railroad, with the South.
You get him into it by a lailroad from Lake Mich-
i igan down to Cairo, at the mouth of the Ohio
river; then through Kentucky, and then through a j
portion of Tennessee, and then down to Mobile.
That is the whole of Hie road. And when we get
to Mobile, where aie we? We are on the Gult of
Mexico, and all communication between Mubile
and the northern cities has to be round that dan-
gerous cape ot Florida. Now, to avoid that, my
■ • /■•I *| i [ iwtniMi J.' V VY ) ttiUlU II) tit. lii V
mination of the railroad now contemplated by the !• proposition is to give to the State of Georgia, mat
o.ate of Illinois. And how was this done? By j, precisely upon the same terms, upon the same
individual enterprise, and by the funds of that ; conditions, according to the extent of the line
btate, and a judicious appropriation of the proceeds 1 which she intends to make from Mobile, a number
which were divided between al the States. Then , of acres of land in proportion to the distance; not
turn your eye to Savannah, m theState of Georgia: for the benefit of Georgia, because she is complete
you have five hundred and odd miles, nearly six , m her system, so far as relates to her own internal
W,V?f\hfvnnC°nT,rUM ° ' froni the At" ^ faclhties> blit for the purpose of connecting every
tan tic to the Valley of the Mississippi, tapping the !! section of this country.
Th?0TLat^atanK°Sa- ■ ' lf y°u n'dke thls from Mobile, by way of
ask notS of 7 °Ur °T fenterPnse- We . Columbus, ,n Georgia, on the Chattanooche, di-
vnn  ™!L,i Te lt; w en ■ rect through Macon to the Central road across to
we havf been exceedh^lv 'eiPj''"m.ony,aU^ough j 'he Georgia railroad, to some point above the city
mimical at home bvirm m f ustrious and eco- j; of Augusta, you have a connection then by raif-
liomical at home, haying made these roads, not | road to the Atlantic at Savannah to the Atlantic
merely for our own advantage but for the comfort I; at Charleston, and have a d"rec't road to Cairo
r5^!;
j:....® !: b £ , ' These are the fruits of the !l the road be worth through Illinois, through Ten-
distribution of the proceeds of the public lands, ac-
cording to my wisdom." [Loud laughter, in which '
Mr. Clay joined. The honorable Senator from !
Kentucky was uijfestood to disavow the " wis- '
dom,"though headmitted the "smile."] My friend !
from Kentucky disavows the wisdom, but admits '
nessee, and through Kentucky, unless you could
go down to Mobile? And, after you get to Mobile,
of what value will it be it you Have not this road'
to the Atlantic, through Georgia? You will be m
precisely the same condition as if you had come
down the Mississippi. There is the aver Missis
sippi, with nothing in it but here
■   States are supporting the
General Government by indirect taxation, and the
the debts of the Revolution, the States are entitled
to the money for the purposes of internal improve-
mi prove merits of Georgia; these connecting with
South Carolina, and coming over to the old North
Slate, through the Old Dominion, north to Wash-
ington. Now, sir, there is the great link which is
wanting from Mobile to the Georgia railroad; and
all I ask is, that if you are 10 appropriate public
lands to the States of Alabama, Mississippi, and
Illinois, to construct their railroad, that you shall
appropriate 800,000 acres that Georgia may go on
and complete this link which is wanting. We
will pledge ourselves to construct the railroad, not
within ten years, but within five years. Now,
why do you not do it? The reply is, if you tack
too many amendments to this bill, Illinois is gone.
Now, is there not as much propriety in Illinois
losing this advantage as Georgia or Alabama ?
What gives to Illinois any advantage ? Now I
show you the position that 1 occupy. I am hum-
ble about this matter, and only claim it upon prin-
ciple. If Georgia makes this road from Macon,
she will not do it from selfish purposes, but in
order to complete the road through the State of
Alabama down to Mobile, for public and general
purposes, and not for the purpose of making divi-
dends for the stockholders alone, but for the
Union. When you give or take money belonging
to the Union to appropriate it, let it be for public
purposes; let it be upon general principles, upon
which we can all stand.
I may be replied to m this wise: You are op-
posed to an appropriation of the proceeds of the
public lands for internal improvements by a State.
1 am, sir. But when this Congress decides a
principle, and says that it shall be the policy of
this Government to give the public lands for in-
ternal improvements, I yield my constitutional
objections, and go with the country upon the
principles which have been established, though
against my own view. I will not stand still as a
representative from Georgia because my opinion
is that this is unconstitutional, and say that Geor-
gia shall not take her share. That would be un-
wise. It would be as unwise as Virginia was in
relation to the public deposits. She held on and
would not touch them for years, but at last she
thought it was very simple, and took the money
and used it. Now, if there is to be a general
distribution of the proceeds of the public lands
among the various States for the purpose of inter-
nal improvement, I will yield; but I prefer a
general distribution to a partial one. These, sir,
are my views. *
Mr. HUNTER. I am very sorry to hear my
friend from Georgia [Mr. Dawson] modifying his
objections to the distribution of the proceeds of
j the public lands amongst the States upon so elen-
| der a foundation as that upon which he seems to
! rest. Why, sir, he says that because Congress
is disposed to appropriate the public lands for
purposes of internal improvement—a purpose of
which he disapproves—that therefore these public
lands should be divided among the States. Why,
sir, if the majority of Congress are in favor of
internal improvements, and these lands are dis-
posed of, do you not suppose that they will use the
money? And what would be the effect? We
shall have not only the existing expenses for the
administration of the Government charged upon
the customs, but also we shall have charged upon
them whatever the majority choose to appropriate
for the purpose of internal improvement. It
seems to me that it would be far better to endeavor
to check and restrain the system as far as we can.
| I know that it is beyond our power to put an end
j to the system, for upon this subject we are in a
! minority; but still, by constant and consistent op-
position—opposition upon principle, we can to
some extent restrain, or at least modify it.' There
are provisions in this bill which we might have
opposed, and opposed efficiently. 1 mean that
portion of the bill to which the Senator trom Mis-
sissippi [Mr. Davis] alluded lo-day, and to which
1 also alluded yesterday in the remark or two
which I made upon the occasion: ibat feature in
the bill which departs from the old principle of
appropriating land along the line of the road, upon
the consideration that the Government is to be
benefited as the proprietor of the lands. Sir, ihere
is a difference between appropriations made upon
that principle and appropriations made merely for
the purpose of internal improvements. 1 bciieve
that, at best, it is doubtful, even m the cases to
Which i have referred, whether the Government
has the power to appropriate alternate sections
for purposes of internal improvement, and, there-
fore, 1 have never voted for a bill of this sort; but
still I cannot be blind to the fact, that there is a
