1966
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
Sept. 25,
make were riot eorrectcd, either a heavy tax must
be laid on tea and coffee, or the Government must
go constantly into debt, or resort must be made to
direct taxation,or, he feared, to all three.
Mr. B yielded several times, in the course of
his remarks, for explanations.
Mr. B. having concluded the remarks he de-
sired to make, and the hour not having expired,
yielded the floor to—
Mr. GREEN, who proposed to follow, in a few
suggestions, on the subject-matter to which the
gentleman from Virginia [Mr. Bayl.y] had spoken.
Mr. HILL! \RD made the point of order.
The CHAIR decided that the gentleman from
Virginia [Mr. Bayly] could yield the floor for ex-
planations only, not for any general remarks.
After some conversation, Mr. Green resumed
his seat.
The question was then taken on the pending
amendment of Mr. Caldwell, of Kentucky, and
it w«w rejected.
Mr. RICHARDSON offered an amendment to
the amendment, a copy of which could not be had.
The CHAIRMAN (Mr. Strong) remarked
that the amendment was not in order, an amend-
ment to an amendment having been adopted.
Mr. RICHARDSON. Do I understand the
C'nair to say that it is not in order to mo*e to
amend the amendment that has been adopted ?
The CHAIRMAN. It is not in order to move
to strike out what has been inserted as an amend-
ment to the original amendment.
The q icsuon recurs on agreeing to the amend-
ment as amended.
Mr. SAVAGE. I wish further to amend the
amendment by inserting after the word " volun-
teers" the words 45 non-commissioned officers and
soldiers enlisted under the ten regiment bill." He
thought they should be put upon the same footing
as the volunteers in regard to these expenses.
Mr. GREEN said he supposed it would row
-be m order for him to make some remarks?
•The CHAIRMAN assented.
Mr. GREEN, ivho was very imperfectly heard
by the Reporter, was understood to say that the
aggregate amount of the expenditures of the Gov-
ernment, this year would be about forty-five mil-
lions of dollars, and they were increasing every
year. This, of itself, was an enormous tax upon
the people of this country. We should pause
and reflect upon the extravagance of thj appro-
priations, and ascertain if there wen ,ot some
me ms of curtailing them. Oiherw.^j we should
soon find all our property passing into the hands
of the tax-gatherer. The burdens imposed by this
Government upon the people were becoming enoi-
m>us. All that a man could earn, all that indi-
vidual force could command, would soon be swal-
lowed up unless this extravagance was checked.
H-"> was consoled by one reflection, however:
Although many extravagant appropriations had
been made, and although the chairman of the
Committee of Ways and Means had come forward
and given his sanction to nine tenths of those ap-
propriations, yet 
Mr. BAYLY, (interposing.) Does not the gen-
tleman know that not an object has been appro-
priated for that was not authorized by existing
laws ?
Mr GREEN" said he admitted that the gentle-
man was entitled to credit for what he had done
to reduce the appropriations. He did not com-
plain of any of the appropriations contained in
the bill or the amendments, but he complained
that reasons had not been given for the enor nous
appropriations that had been made by the House,
instead of making the necessary reforms, the
blame of making the appropriations so large was
very coolly thrown upon the Adrmmstiation. It
reminded him very much of the adage with which
he had been amused in his youth—of Satan re-
proving sin, while affording every opportunity
and facility fnr its commission.
Mr BAYLY rose to address the Chair.
The CHAIRMAN remarked, that no further
debate was in order*
Mr. H.1LL1ARD, (addressing the Chair ) I
have an amendment, su, which I desire to offer.
The CHAIRMAN. No further amendment is
in order
Mr. HILLIARD. I understand that the propo-
sition is snll open to amendment.
The CHAIRMAN. There is already an amend-
ment to an amendment pending.,
The question being taken on the amendment to
the amendment, it was rejected.
The question recurred on agreeing to the amend-
ment as amended, and, being put, was decided in
the negative.
So the amendment of the gentleman from Ken-
tucky, as amended by the gentleman from South
Carolina, was rejected.
Mr. BURT, i am instructed by the Committee
on Military Affairs to offer the following amend-
ment:
"For supplying instruments of the band of the second
regiment o( artillery, which were lost and destroyed in Uie
war with Mexico, $400."
Mr. B. I beg to say one word in relation to
this amendment. It proposes to supply to the
second regiment of artillery new instruments in
the place of those belonging to their band which
were lost in the Mexican war. The musicians of
that regiment, at the battle of Cerro Gordo, laid
down their instruments, and,.with muskets in their
hands, mounted the heights, and participated in
the battle. At night they encamped upon the field,
without having an opportunity to regain their in-
struments, and in fact never did regain them, they
having been lost or destroyed. At the battle of
Molino del Rey they bore arms again; and at the
battle of Chapultepec they carried the American
banner, and planted it upon the citadel. This
appropriation is intended for the purpose of re-
placing the instruments which they have thus lost.
Mr. BISSELL said he should vote against this
proposition, for the reason, among others, that it
was unjust and improper, because partial and un-
equal. If you propose (said Mr B ) to remuner-
ate the musicians who have been so unfortunate as
to lose their instruments, you should extend the
benefit to all, and riot confine the proposition to
the musicians of a particular regiment. There are
many musicians, sir, who lost their musical instru-
ments on the field of battle in Mexico, and who
were not allowed one cent by the paymaster, nor
by the department here, to remunerate them for
the loss. Moreover, I know there is many a sol-
dier who lost his musket on the field of battle,
without being able to account for the particular
manner in which it was tost, and for which pay
ment has-been refused. Under these circum-
stances, to make provision for replacing the musi-
cal instruments of the band of a particular regi-
ment would be a manifest injustice. if the
gentleman will so amend his proposition as to in-
elude all the instruments lost in a similar manner,
and all the guns there were lost in a similar man-
ner, I will go for it; but i cannot support any such
partial measure as this.
Mr. BURT said he was perfectly aware that
where a regiment presents a claim, or makes an
application like this, although justly entitled to
receive what it asks for, the application must en-
counter opposition. This gallant regiment (said
Mr. B.) is entitled to have the instruments belong-
ing to its band replaced.
i desire (continued Mr. B.) that the committee
shall understand that these instruments are pro-
vided by the regiment, by the voluntary subscrip-
tion of the officers and men. These musicians, as
I stated, laid down the instruments of their hand,
and used muskets at two battles, and storming
ladders at a third. When a regiment presents
such a case, it shuuld be allowed without hesita-
tion.
Mr. BISSELL. I know exactly such a case,
where a regiment had furnished itself with a band
of fine music, and the musicians on the day of
battle, instead of playing music, fought with mus-
kets in their hanJs, and a large-portion of the in-
struments were inevitably lost. Besides which,
in many cases where drums were lost, though the
drummers had not originally paid for thern, they
were charged for them on the pay roll, and the
amount withheld out of their pay.
Mr. HILLIAK.D moved to reduce the amount
to $200, for the purpose of enabling him to make
some remarks.
it must appear (said Mr. H.) that the course of
remark which has been indulged in by gentlemen
on the other side of the House, is diiected to a
specific object. Here comes proposition after
proposition to inciease the current expenses of
the Government, and yet speeches are made by
gentlemen, and go out to the country, making it
appear that there is an indisposition oh the part of
the Administration to cooperate in the reduction
of the expenses of the Government Now, what
is the fact? We are in a minority in.this House;
so we are in the other. The Administration is
dependent for its supplies upon the Opposition.
A Democratic majority here, with a Speaker who
throws himself into the ranks of the Opposition
by selecting Democratic chairmen of committees,
men of learning and talent who supervise every
demand of the Administration, and after investi-
gating and scrutinizing those demands, bring them
m here and invite us to pass them. And'now they
rise in their placesj and assert broadly, in the face
of the country, that they can make no reform, be-
cause the Administration will not cooperate, and
the Administration is therefore responsible for the
large expenditures of the Government. Sir, we .
hold those gentlemen responsible for those ex*
penditures. Why, sir, if you will not give us the
funds that are asked for, to carry on the Govern-
ment, why not make it appear that it is not right
that they should be granted? The vigilance of
the gentleman from Virginia [Mr. Bayly] is well
known. His sagacity is well known. He has
scrutinized every estimate of appropriation pre-
sented by the Administration, and has brought
all of them forward, and asked the House to pass
them. Now, I hope, under these circumstances,
thai the country will understand the precise posi-
tion in which the matter stands—the position in
which past events have placed us. A new em-
pire has been acquired, Territories have sprung
up on the Pacific, and it is our duty to provide for
all these; yet the gentlemen endeavor to make it
appear impossible to carry on the Government at
this extravagant rate. Sir, when you make it
appear to me that one dollar that is not for a le-
gitimate purpose is demanded, I will vote to
withhold that dollar; but while the chairman of
the Committee of Ways and Means, after scruti-
nizing the estimates and propositions submitted by
the Administration, brings them forward and asks
us to vote for them, I am bound to give them my
cordial approbation and support.
Mr. RICHARDSON. The difference, sir, be-
tween the Democratic party and the gentleman
from Alabama, is that the former have a majority
on this floor. The gentleman from Alabama votes
for every extravagant expenditure, and he says
that a majority of the Democratic party vote in
favor of them likewise. Now look at it.
Mr. COBB, of Alabama, .rose to a question of
order. The gentleman, he said, was not in order,
because he was not explaining any amendment.
[Cries of "go on,"" go on."] I give up the point,
sir. I shall not oppose the wishes of thecommittee.
Mr. RICHARDSON continued. The gentle-
man from Alabama [Mr. Milliard] says he will
hold the Democratic party responsible.
Mr. HlLLlARD. I will hold your committees
responsible.
Mr. RICHARDSON. I warn the Democratic
party on this floor to vote against every proposi-
tion for an ex ravagant expenditure of public
money. The gentleman says he will hold thecom-
mittees responsible, and he complains of the appoint-
ment of committees by a Democratic Speaker.
A Whig Speaker would have thrown the responsi-
bility upon you, then,for he would have appointed
Whig committees. The gentleman may make
what denunciations he pleases; they will be una-
vailing.
1 am opposed to the proposition of the gentleman
from Alabamato change theamountof this appro-
priation proposed to be made by this amendment.
If we are 10 pay anything, let us pay the full
value of the property; but when you establish the
principle of paying the full amount, you establish
another principle. The musicians of the regiment
to which I belonged—-.a regiment which has had
the honor to lead the forlorn hope—a regiment
which was the first to enter the city of Mexico—
at the batilc'of Baena Vista threw down their mu-
sical instruments and assumed their arms.
The five minutes having expired—
The question was taken on the amendment to
the amendment, and it was rejected.
Mr. BAYLY. I move to strike out four hun-
dred and insert three; and I desire to say a word
in reply to the gentleman from Alabama, [Mr.
HilliarDj] who has come here to undertake to
make a party issue, and to assert that the whole
Democratic party, and myself particulai ly, are
responsible for these appropriations,. Now, the
gentleman from Alabama 
