1968
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
Sept. 25.
Committee of Ways aid Means to move the fol-
lowing:
<! To supply a deficiency in the appropriation for the ex-
penditures ot the visitors to tile Military Academy at West
Point, $600."
Mr. BAYLY sakl, this is one of that sort of ap-
propriations which I have recently voted for in
committee and in the House. It is an appropriation
that is required by the existing law. The former
appropriations to pay the mileage of the official
visitors to that institution was deficient, and they
had not received more than half of what they
should receive; and the Committee of Ways and
Means, I believe, without a dissenting voice, or-
dered me to report the amendment. But I desire
particularly to notice at this time the ungenerous
and uncalled-for remarks of my friend from Mis-
souri. The gentleman talks about my voting for
and sustaining most of these appropriations.
Mr. STEVENS, of Pennsylvania, rose to a
question of order. He said the gentleman was not
in order because he was not explaining any amend-
ment.
The CHAIRMAN overruled the point of order.
Mr. BAYLY (resuming) said: I have not voted
for a solitary appropriation, either in the committee
or in the House, which was not required by an
existing law. Anfl the Journals will show that
through the four Congresses that I have been here
I have voted against nearly every one. of those
laws which made these appropriations necessary;
but after Congress had passed laws requiring ap-
propriations to carry them out, I never felt it to
be inconsistent with my duty as chaiiman of a
commitiee to report favorably upon the appropri-
ations.
Mr. GREEN made an inquiry of the gentleman
from Virginia, whether he did not propose an ap-
propriation to pay the Storm King, in the civil and
diplomatic bill.
|y£r. BAYLY. The gentleman aslts me about
the appropriation for the Storm King. I am not
going into an argument with the gentleman on this
point. Lf.t me ask the gentleman how he voted
on all those propositions for sweeping away the
public lands?
Mr. STEVENS again made his point of order.
The gentleman, he said, instead of speaking to the
amendment was making a political speech.
Mr. BAYLY. Well, sir, 1 will explain the
amendment.
Mr. STEVENS said he hoped, unless the gen-
tleman confined himself to the question immedi-
ately before the* committee, that the Chair would
enforce the rule.
Mr. BAYLY. During this whole Congress no
member has indulged in less irrelevant debate than
1 have; but when I am attacked from the right and
the left am 1 to stand here and not be permitted to
say a word ?
Mr. MOREHEAD rose to a question of order.
The CHAIRMAN. The gentleman's time has
expired.
Mr. BAYLY, (continuing.) I think, sir, I have
a right to be heard. 1 have witnessed an open de-
parture from the rules of order upon bills of this
kind  „ ,
Mr. CARTTER. I rise to a question of order.
The CHAIR. There is a point of order pend-
ing. The gentleman from Kentucky rises to a
point of order.
Mr. MOREHEAD. 1 understood the Chair to
state that the gentleman from Pennsylvania was
right in the point of order which he made, that the
gentleman ought to confine his remarks to the
pending amendment, although the Chair said that
he could not anticipate what would be said; but
when the point is made, it is the duty of the Chair
to decide, and the gentleman must take his seat
and not speak again until the House gives him
leave.
The CHAIRMAN. The Chair will remark,
that it is now too late to make the point.
Mr. HALL moved that the committee rise.
On this question, tellers were demanded and or-
dered. Messrs. McQ.oeen and McKissock were
appointed to act as tellers. The vote being counted,
was—36 in the affirmative, and 90 in the negative.
So the committee refused to rise.
The question was then taken on agreeing to the
amendment of the gentleman from Virginia, and
it was agreed to.
Mr. STANTON, of Kentucky, offered the fol-
lowing:
"Be it further enacted, That the ninth section of the act of
the eleventh of February, eighteen hundred and lorty-seven,
entitled 'An act to raise an additional military force, and
for other purposes,' shall be so eonslrued a  to allow bounty
land to every soldier who served in Mexico, in the propor-
tions prescribed by said act, whether lie was discharged at
his own request, or for his own convenience, unless the
rolls show that he was dishonorably discharged."
A question of order was raised on the amend-
ment.
The CHAIR ruled the amendment out of order.
Mr. STANTON, of Kentucky, took an appeal.
The question was tuken, " Shall the decision
of the Chair stand as the judgment of the com-
mittee and it was decided m the affirmative.
Mr. CALDWELL, of Kentucky, moved to in-
sert in the bill the following:
" For purchasing, walling, and duelling a piece of land
near the city ot Mexico, for a cemetery or burial ground lor
such of the officers and soldiers of our army in the late war
with Mexico as fell in batUe or died in and around $aid
city, and for the interment of American citizens who have
died in said city, to brf expended under the direction of the
President ot the United States, $10,000."
Mr. C. entered into an explanation of the pro-
priety of his amendment; in Which he stated that
whilst the army of the United States was in the
city of Mexico, a great difficulty arose about the
interment of the dead—a place of burial having
been refused; when, by the sanction of the gen-
eral in command, it was determined that a piece
of ground should be selected as a permanent place
for the burial of American citizens.
Mr. HALL moved to strike ,out that part of
the amendment which provided for the burial of
American citizens generally. He had no objection
to providing a place for the burial of the soldiers
who died in the service of their country.
Mr. CALDWELL explained further, that he
knew the fact to be that when an American citi-
zen dies m the city of Mejcico, he cannot have
burial in any of the grounds, for the reason that
he is a Protestant. The grounds all belong to
the established church of the country, which is
Catholic, except an English ground; for the priv-
ilege of being interred in which, it costs from forty
to fifty dollars, and even seventy dollars. The
American soldiers had been placed in ground there
where the rams had washed up their bones. He
hoped the amendment would prevail.
Mr. HALL did not object to provision being
made for the soldiers who fell or died of disease
there. There should be a place provided for their
bones; but he saw no reason why a general place
of burial should be provided for Americans who
may hereafter die in the city of Mexico, more
than m any other city of Mexico. He adverted
to the fact that there was no provision for those
Americans who died at Chihuahua, where hun-
dreds are cut off annually in conducting trade in
that region of country.
The~question was then taken on the amendment
to the amendment, and it was rejected.
The amendment of Mr. Caldwell was then
agreed to.
Mr. EVANS, of Maryland, moved to insert in
the bill the following:
" And the sum of j 8U0 is hereby appropriated to enable
the stecrt-ury ot War to procute four hundied copies ot the
Ordnance Manual, to be distributed to th« Guvernois of ihe
several States, m the ratio of their representation in the
House of Representatives, and lor the use of the militia ol
the United States."  
The amendment was rejected.
Mr. CALDWELL, of Kentucky, moved to in-
sert in the bill the following:
" For compensation due Charles Lee Jones, for expenses
incurred and services rendered in raisin?, organizing, sub-
sisting, and transporting three companies ot voiuiiiepjs mus-
tered and received into the seivice of the United States
during the war with Mexico,
The CHAIR decided the amendment to be out
of order, under the 80th rule excluding from the
appropriation bills any items not sanctioned by
law. ,
Some conversation took place on the point of
order. The decision of the Chair was appealed
from, and the Chair was sustained—ayes 95, noes
42.
Mr. THOMPSON, of Mississippi, moved that
that committee rise, and called for tellers on the
motion.
Messrs. Waldo and Ogle were appointed tell-
ers, and the vote was announced—ayes 52, noes 80.
So the committee refused to rise.
Mr. RICHARDSON moved to amend the bill,
by the insertion of the following:
" The Secretary of War is hereby authorized to purchase
one thousand stand of Jennings's patent repeating rifles, at
a cost not exceeding fifty dollars each rifle, for the use of
one regiment of infantry now in the service of the United
Slates."
Mr. R. explained the superiority of the rifle
which he proposed to purchase. His object wag
to put these rifles into the hands of one of our
regiments of infantry for trial.
Mr. BURT said, this rifle had been under con-
sideration of the Committee on Military Affairs,
and they came to a conclusion that they could not
recommend it. He would say further, that if they
adopted it, they would do it against the opinion of
scientific men.
Mr. CARTTER moved an amendment to the
amendment, to increase the number to fifteen hun-
dred. He spoke of those at the other end of the
Avenue being opposed to it.
The amendment tp the amendment was nega-
tived.
Mr. RICHARDSON desired to modify his
amendment, but the Chair decided that it was out
of order.
The amendment was then negatived.
Mr. ASHE moved to amend the item which
reads, " for arsenals $117,586," by adding thereto
the following:
" And that$16,f!00 of the fund hereby appropriated shall
be applied to the completion of the arsenal at FayetteviHe,
North Carolina, according to the intention of the law au-
thorizing its consuuction."
Mr. A. observed, that in offering: the amend-
ment, he had no desire to consume the time of the
committee, but was actuated by a sincere desire
that the House would consent to adopt it. The
amendment did not increase the amount of the
public expenditure in the ieast degree, but the
| amount of the appropriation sought to be applied
i under the operation of the amendment, was the
i exact amount contained in the estimates of the
War Department. Those estimates were made
by the department on the recommendation of the
commanding officers. He would not detain the
committee at this late hour of the day, and of the
session, when every moment is valuable, by a pro-
tracted argument, but would merely state that he
felt well satisfied that the adoption was highly just
and proper. He would refer the committee to the
honorable chairman of the Committee of Ways
and Means for the corroboration of his opinion on
this subject.
Mr. BAYLY said, he thought the amendment
was right.
The question was then put on the amendment—
ayes 52, noes 58.
Tellers were ordered, and Messrs. Pitman and
Bingham were appointed, and the vote was an-
nounced—ayes 82, noes 40.
j Mr. MILLER moved that the committee rise;
; but the motion was negatived—ayes 41, noes 94.
; Mr. CALVIN moved to strike out of the bill
I the following item:
I " For purchasing a site and commencing the necessary
I works for a national armory at' Fort Massac,' near r.lif con-
! fluence o( the Cumberland, Tennessee, Ohio, and Missis-
; sippi rivers, pursuant to tile provision of the act of Septem-
ber, 1841, and to the report of the cominissioneis appointed
under said provision, $20,000, to be applied under the direc-
tion of the Secretary of War,"
He contended that there was no law authorizing
this appropriation.
Mr. THOMPSON, of Mississippi, defended the
appropriation, and opposed the amendment.
Mr. VINTON moved to strike out the words
" Fort Massac," in the above paragraph.
Mr. McMULLEN moved that the committee
risp; which was rejected.
Mr. McCLERNAND said, that if the commit-
tee would favor him with their attention, he would
be able, he thought, to satisfy them that there was
no valid objection to the passage of the appropria-
tion as proposed in the bill—certainly, that the
, objections taken by the member from Ohio [Mr.
| Vinton] and the member from Pennsylvania,
! [Mr. Calvin,] were not well taken. The gentle-
1 man from Pennsylvania had said that there was no
■' law authorizing this appropriation. Even if this
!j were true, the objection was taken too late. The
i' appropriation had been reported by the Committee-
■! of Ways and Means, and that was conclusive, in
itself, upon the point of order. It afforded a pre-
sumption that it was regularly inserted where it
appears. But it was a mistake that the appropri-
ation was not authorized by law. In 1841, pro-
vision waa made by law, authorizing the President
