874
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
May 1,
etricted to the Vincennes land district; not in
alternate sections, but with liberty to go and se-
lect the good lands, leaving the bad ones. She
was at liberty to select the best lands everywhere,
without limit, without restriction, and not to take
the bad tracts as well as the good ones; there was
no such restriction as that in Indiana. The Indi-
ana members then called upon Illinois to stand by
them, and we did so; and now, when we do not
ask half the privileges which Indiana asked, we
find Indiana here fighting us to the death, and
under the cover of friendship giving us the dead-
liest stabs, simply because we ask one-tenth what
Indiana asked, and what the members from Illi-
nois voted to give to Indiana.
Mr. WHITCOMB. Not one tenth?
Mr. DOUGLAS. There was no restriction.
You had a right to go where you chose, bo as to
take the good with the bad.
Mr. WHITCOMB. Still, sir, we could not go
throughout the State; we were restricted to a
single district; and, if the Senator from Illinois
will go into that district, and look among the hills
near the Ohio for lands that have lain for forty
years, begging in vain for purchasers, I think he
will find little that he would like to be the pro-
prietor of, on the sole condition of paying the
taxes.
Mr. DOUGLAS. The same is true of some
land with us.
Mr. WHITCOMB. If it is the same with Illi-
nois, 1 have yet to travel over the worst parts of
that State. Now, Mr. President, I make no pro-
fessions that I do not feel; but I am not to be de-
terred from the line of duty by the ascription of
any motives whatever. 1 shall be governed strict-
ly by what I conceive is demanded by the public
interest. If my declarations of the truth are to be'
regarded as deadly stabs, I shall endeavor that
they shall be deadly stabs at error, and they shall
be prompted by the convictions of an honest
heart. Before this discussion is through, I think
the Senator from Illinois will see that, by taking
in a larger scope in his bill than has ever yet been
sanctioned by this Government, he has laid him-
self open to the charge of verging toward a prin-
ciple which I hope he will repudiate—that of the
distribution of the public lands among the States.
Mr. DOUGLAS. I wish to inquire what the
honorable Senator means by a wider scope. Did
not you select land for twenty miles on either side
of the canal you made ?
Several Senators. Not in order.
Mr. DOUGLAS. Then I ask the Chair, if In-
diana was not allowed to go thirty, forty, or fifty
miles, while we do not go but ten ?
Mr. WHITCOMB. The Senator seems to un-
derstand the phrase " larger scope" in a very literal
sense—in the sense of geographical distance. I
imagine that the object of pursuit is not much en-
hanced in value to us by the reflection that a
greater distance has been traveled and more time
lost in a search for it, especially if it should turn
out comparatively valueless when found. What
I meant by the phrase is, that better and more
lands, and at less trouble in traveling for them,
can be obtained under this grant than under the
grant to Indiana, in proportion to the length of the
two works.
Now, sir, I wish to turn the attention of Senators
to the second section of the amendment reported
by the committee. I may have misconceived it;
but my object is to get at the truth. I do not rise
for the purpose of caviling, or of engaging in con-
troversy for the purpose of victory. I am very
ill qualified for a contest of that kind, and lam not
sorry that it is so. I rise, I trust, for a nobler ob-
ject—the preservation of the public welfare by a
timely adherence to principle. 1 know the danger
of precedents, and how greedily they are tortured
into a line of policy which I think would be fraught
with bankruptcy and ruin to the country. We
were told by an honorable Senator that all had, for
nearly twenty years, abandoned the old-fashioned
system of internal improvement by the General
Government—I hope it may continue so. I do
not wish to see it revived again under any form
whatever, however insidious or plausible. I at-
tribute no wrong motives, and, if any word I have
uttered will give rise to the supposition that 1 have
done so, 1 disclaim it entirely.
Mr. MANGUM. I will ask Senators to yield
the floor to me for a moment for the purpose of
making a motion. This is an important matter,
and I am not certain but South Carolina and the |
old North State have some interest at stake here, i
and I wish to ascertain that fact. The honorable
Segator f.om Georgia has put in a claim, and I
want to understand the whole ground. I stood j
prepared to vote for this bill on a proper princi- !
pie, but I think, when these two gallant States of
Indiana and Illinois get to war, North Carolina
should look a little to her rights.
Mr. DOUGLAS, (in his seat.) North Caro-
lina is in no danger.
Mr. MANGUM. With permission, I ask to
make a motion to adjourn.
Mr. WHITCOMB. I wish to make a single
remark, and I hope the Senator will withdraw his
motion.
Me. MANGUM. I will withdraw it.
Mr. WHITCOMB. I wish simply to say that,
when I expressed my apprehensions about this
bill that they were well entertained, and I shall
be glad to have the matter explained so as to re-
lieve me of them. I was endeavoring to explain
the reason for my vote yesterday. I wish this bill
to assume a form so that I can vote for it if pos-
sible.
And then, on motion, the Senate adjourned.
HOUSE OP REPRESENTATIVES,
Wedensday, May 1, 1850.
The Journal of yesterday was read and approved.
Mr. THOMPSON, of Kentucky,rose and asked
to be excused from service upon tRe select com-
mittee upon the printing of the House, raised
upon motion of the honorable gentleman from
Illinois, [Mr. Wentworth.] He stated that he
was already a member of the Standing Committee
on Printing, the duties of which, were quite la-
borious. He was also a member of- the Commit-
tee on Elections. The testimony in reference to
the contested election cases was just coming in,
and of course the members of that committee
would be very much occupied for some time to
come. He had been a member of the Printing
Committee for two sessions, and, he thought, had
done about his share on the subject of printing.
From the previous occupation of his time he
would be utterly unable to attend to the duties of
this select committee. The ninth rule of the
House provided that
" Any member may excuse himself from serving on any
committee at the lime of his appointment, if he is then a
member of two other committees"
He asked, under this rule and the circumstances
he had stated, to be excused from service on the
select committee.
The question' was taken and decided in the af-
firmative.
So Mr. Thompson was excused, and Mr. Mar-
shall, of Kentucky, appointed in his stead.
• deposits in the mint.
Mr. McLANE, of Maryland, asked the unan-
imous consent to take up from the Speaker's table
the House bill which had been returned from the 1
Senate, with an amendment entitled " An act sup-
plementary to the act entitled ' An act to establish
a Mint, and to regulate the coin of the United
States;' " and that it be put upon its passage.
Mr. McL., in explaining the necessity for im-
mediate action upon the bill, was understood to say,
that the bill allowed the Secretary of the Treas-
ury to transfer from the other depositories, to the
United States Mint, an amount of public money
greater than was permitted by existing jaw to be
kept on deposit there, with the view to make pur-
chases of the bullion arriving from California. He
said that, for the want of such means, the bullion
was all being carried to Europe as an article of
merchandise, instead of coming into the United
States Mint, to be coined, and to give aid to our
commerce. He trusted there would be no objec-
tion to immediate action on this bill.
Mr. TOOMBS objected.
Mr. McLANE asked the unanimous consent of
the House, then, to proceed to the business on
the speaker's table.
The SPEAKER. It can only be done by '
unanimous consent.
Mr. TOOMBS. I object.
Mr. PRESTON KING moved that the House
resolve itself into Committee of the Whole on
the state of the Union, for the further considera- ,
tionof the census bill, which (he said) ought to !
be disposed of. I]
Mr. COBB, of Alabama, rose to what (he said)
might perhaps be considered a question of privi-
lege. He was not sure it was a question of suc.h
nature, but he would send an article in a news-
paper to the Clerk's table to be read, and it would
then be for the House to decide.
Mr. BAYLY (in reference to the motion of Mr.
King) said he hoped the House would allow the
committees to report, before they went into Com-
mittee of the Whole on the state of the Union.
The SPEAKER stated, that the question being
on the motion of Mr. King, the gentleman from
Alabama had risen to a privileged question.
Mr. COBB said he could not state that it was a
privileged question, but he wished the article to
be read.
The Clerk proceeded to read from the news-
paper sent up by Mr. Cobb, an extract from the
recentspeecn of Mr. Webster, at Boston. He had
progressed but a line or two when
Mr. CLINGMAN interposed, and objected to
the reading of the paper.
The SPEAKER stated that the gentleman from
Alabama having risen to a privileged question, and
asked for the reading of an extract, and objection
having been made to the reading, the question
would be propounded to the House whether the
article should betread.
Mr. COBB withdrew his request, and
The matter was dropped.
The question recurring on the motion of Mr.
King,
Mr. STANTON, of Tennessee, desired to ask
if reports of committees would not be in order if
the House refused to go into Committee of the
Wholfe on the state of the Union?
The SPEAKER replied, that the committees
would be called for reports, if the House did not
resolve itself into Committee of the Whole on the
state of the Union.
CENSUS BILL.
The question having been taken upon the mo-
tion of Mr. King and agreed to,
The House resolved itself into Committee of the
Whole on the state of the Union, (Mr. Thomp-
son, of Mississippi in the chair,) and resumed
the consideration of the bill providing forthe taking
of the seventh census.
The CHAIRMAN announced the pending ques-
tion, and that the gentleman from Georgia [Mr.
Stephens] was entitled to the floor.
Mr. STEPHENS rose, and was about to pro-
1 ceed in his remarks.
Mr. FULLER rose to a question of order under
the thirty-seventh rule, contesting the right qf the
gentleman from Georgia to the floor, as the gen-
tleman, he believed, had spoken once upon this
subject.
This rule is as follows:
"No member shall speak more than once to the same
question without leave of the House, urile-s he be the
mover, proposer, or introducer of the matter pending; in
which case, he shall be permuted to speak in reply, but not
until every member choosing lo speak shall have spoken."
The CHAIRMAN stated that when the gentle-
man from Georgia addressed the committee on a
former day, the amendment pending was that
reported from the Committee on the Judiciary.
The gentleman from Ohio, [Mr. Vinton,] who
had spoken yesterday, was in the same category:
he had previously spoken on the same amendment
of the committee. Yesterday when the gentleman
from Ohio rose, he moved an amendment to strike
out all the first section after the sixth line, (in-
cluding the amendment of the Committee on the
Judiciary,) which embracing more than the other
amendment, was in order, and therefore the gen-
tleman [Mr. Vinton] was entitled to the floor.
The gentleman from Georgia was now m order
for the same reason, the question having been
changed since he had first spoken.
Mr. FULLER said he understood the gentle-
man from Ohio merely to have given notice of an
amendment which he would move.
The CHAIRMAN stated that the gentleman
from Ohio had moved the amendment to which he
(the Chair) had just referred, and he had also
given notice of an amendment which he intended
to offer.
Mr. FULLER. Then 1 submit whether any
person who has once spoken, other than the
mover of the amendment, has the right to speak
again while other gentlemen wish to address the
committee ?
