1970
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
Sept. 25,
The question recurring on the motion that the
committee rise, the tellers resumed their places,
and the vote was announced—ayes 43, noes 74
The question then recurred on the amendment
of Mr. Bowlin to fill the blank in the paragraph
proposed to be stricken out, by inserting the
words "at or near ihe city of St. Louis;" and
being put, the vote was—ayes 8, noes 85, (no
quorum voting.)
The roll was called a fifth time, and the names
of the absentees reported to the House; and a quo-
rum being present, the committee resumed its ses-
sion.
The question was again taken on the amend-
ment of Mr. Bowlin, and the vote was—ayes 69,
noes 20, (no quorum voting.)
The CHAIRMAN ordered the roll to he called.
Mr. GENTRY rose to a question of order. He
believed that a rule of the House required, when
the committee found itself without a quorum, that
the roll should be called and the fact reported to
the House. They had had that operation repeated
often, when nominally the committee was without
a quorum; but when the roll was called, it always
appeared they had a quorum. There had been
every time a visible, palpable fact that there was
a quorum. His point of order was, that under
such a state of facts it was not the duty of the
chairman to report the non-existence of a quorum-
when there was a quorum. The rule required that
every gentleman present should vote. It was an
obvious fact that the committee had not been with-
out a quorum to-night.
[" Order ! order !"]
Mr. THOMPSON, of Mississippi, desired to
know whether, when the committee found itself
without a quorum, the chairman had any discre-
tion but to call the roll ?
Cries of "Order! order!" Much confusion
ensued, several members addressing the Chair at
once. ,
The CHAIRMAN was of opinion that the
126th rule was imperative: that " whenever the
'committee found itself without a quorum, the
' chairman shall cause the roll of the House-to be
•called, and thereupon the committee shall rise,
'and the Chairman shall report the names of the
• absentees to the House; which shall be entered
'upon the Journal." The Chair knew of no mode
by which he could ascertain whether a "quorum
was present except by the report of the tellers. If
the tellers did not report a sufficient number, the
committee was found without a quorum, and the
rule was imperative that the Chairman must cause
the roll to be called.
Mr. GENTRY submitted that it wasa false find-
ing. (" Order ! older !") It was obvious lo every
member that a quorum was present. (" Order !
order!")
Mr. CROWELL called for the reading of the
42d rule, (requiring every member present to vote,)
and insisted upon its being enforced.
Cries of" Order! order!" "Call the roll! call
the roll!" , ,,
Mr. BUTLER, of Pennsylvania, appealed from
the decision of the Chair overruling the point of
order of Mr. Gentry.
Mr. THOMPSON, of Mississippi, insisted
that the rule was imperative that when the com-
mittee found itself without a quorum, the roll
should be called.
" Order ! order!" and much confusion,
The CHAIRMAN said that thegentleman from
Mississippi must take his seat. No remarks were
in order. The Chair could not entertain two ques-
tions at once.
Mr. THOMPSON insisted that he had a right
to be heard. '
Loud calls to order.
The question was then taken, "Shall the decis-
ion of the Chair stand as the judgment of the com-
m ttee ?" and the vote stood—ayes 51, noes 40, (no
quorum voting.)
Mr. CROWELL insisted on the enforcement
of the rule requiring members present to vote.
The CHAIRMAN desired to state, to avoid
confusion, that he had been led into an error in
entertaining the appeal, for the reason that the
state of thfngs at the time of the appeal revealed
the fact that no quorum was present to decide on
the point of order.
The roll was then called for the sixth time, and
the committee rose and reported the names of the
absentees to the House.
A quorum being present, the committee resumed
its session.
Mr. HARRIS, of Tennessee, moved that the
committee rise.
The CHAIRMAN stated that he would enter-
tain the motion on the ground that there had been
intervening proceedings, to wit, the roll called and
the absentees reported to the House.
The question was thei) taken on tlje motion that
the committee rise, and the vote was—ayes 68,
noes 68. ....
The Chair voting in the affirmative, the motion
was carried.
And thecommittee accordingly rose and reported
PrMr?SpEATHERSTON moved that the House
adjourn; which wa3 lost. .
Mr. EVANS, of Maryland, moved that the
House resolve itself into Committee of the Whole
on the state of the Union.
Mr.. THOMPSON, of Mississippi, moved that
there be a call of the House.
Mr. HALL demanded the yeas and nays on this
motion; which were ordered.
Mr. WILLIAMS moved that the House ad-
J°Mr. HAMPTON demanded theyeas and nays;
which were ordered.
The question was then taken, and the motion
was rejected—yeas 61, nays 85.
The question then recurred on the motion for a
call of the House, on which the yeas and nays had
been ordered.
Mr. JONES asked to be excused from voting on
this motion.
Mr. HALL asked the yeas and nays on this
motion. .
The SPEAKER stated that the motion for a call
of the House wa3 one of those questions on which
gentlemen could not ask to be excused from voting.
Mr. HALL appealed from this decision.
• Mr. THOMPSON, of Mississippi, demanded
the yeas and nays on the appeal.
Mr. WENTWORTH suggested that by com-
mon consent there be a call of the House, and
have the absent boys brought in.
Mr. CARTTER. Is it now in order to move
that the House adjourn?
No response heard.
The question being on the appeal,
Mr. JONES asked to be excused from voting
on this motion . .
The SPEAKER said that this question being
dependent on the other, it was not in order to ask
to be excused from voting on it.
Mr. JONES appealed from this decision.
The SPEAKER stated that as there was an ap-
peal pending, no other could be entertained.
Mr. CARTTER. I move that the House ad-
lourn. .
Mr. HAMPTON. I demand the'yeasand nays;
and they were ordered.
Mr. THOMPSON, of Mississippi, was under-
stood to ask, whether it would be in order to
withdraw the motion for a call?
The response of the SPEAKER was not heard.
Mr. STANLY asked whether these various mo-
tions for a call of the House, for adjournments, and
to be excused from voting, are entered upon the
Jourrfal? -  . 1
The SPEAKER stated, that ail motions enter- '
tained by the Chair were entered upon the Journal.
The question was then taken on the motion to
adjourn, and it was rejected—yeas 58, nays 85.
'The question then recurred on the appeal of Mr.
Hall from the decision of the Chair.
The House refused to order the yeas and nays,
and the Chair was sustained.
The question recurring on the motion for a call
of the House—
Mr. WILLIAMS moved to adjourn, which
motion was agreed to on a division—ayes 68,
noes 02. .
So the House, at half-past eight o clock, ad-
journed.
PETITIONS, &.c.
The following petitions and memorial were pre-
sented under the rule, and referred to the appro-
priate committees:
By Mr. McLANAHAN: The-petition of Curtis Thomp-
son and Other citizens of Pennsylvania, against the re-
ne\val of the patent granted to Austin Sc. Zebulon Parker^
for alleged improvements upon reaction water wheels.
Also, the petition of H< Ii> Grove and 93 others, citizens
as above, of like import
Bv Mr. CHANDLER'The memotia! of sundry citizens
of Philadelphia, asking for a reduction of postage and a uni-
form rate upon letters and boand boohs.
IN SENATE.
Wednesday} September 25, 1850.
On motion, the reading of the Journal was dis-
pensed with.
MEMORIALS, &C.
Mr. PRATT presented a memorial, signed by
citizens of Bladensburg and other parts of Prince
George's county, in the State of Maryland, urging
that so much of the Columbia turnpike road as
lies within the limits of the District of Columbia
may be purchased by the United States and made
free of tolls; which was referred to the Committee
on the District of Columbia.
PAPERS WITHDRAWN.
On motion by Mr. DICKINSON, certain letters
of Mr. J. D. Marks, which accompanied the pa-
pers in relation to the Mexican indemnity bill,
were withdrawn and ordered to be returned to him.
They wete private letters, and were presented
among the other papers by mistake.
REPORTS FROM COMMITTEES.
Mr. HAMLIN, from the Committee on Com-
merce, to which was referred the bill to establish
certain light-houses,fog-lights, beacons, and buoys
on the coast of the State of California, and for the
security of th.e coast and harbors of said State,
together with various documents relating to the
subject, of light-houses, light-boats^ signal lights,
&c., in different portions of the United States, re-
ported a bill making appropriations for light-houses
and other purposes; which was read and passed to
a second reading.
On motion by Mr. BUTLER, ordered that the
Committee on the Judiciary be discharged from
the further consideration o£ all the papers referred
to it, upon which report has been made.
widow's pension.
On motion by Mr. MORTON, the Senate pro-
ceeded to consider, as in Committee of the Whole,
Senate bill No. 167, being the bill for the relief of
Mrs. A. M. Dade, widow of the late Major F. 1*
Dade, of the United States army.
Mr. MORTON. I wtll say but one word in
explanation of this bill. It provides for placing on
the pension roll the widow of Major Dade, who
fell at Dade's massacre during the war m Florida.
She is now in extreme indigence, what little prop-
erty she once had having been swept away from
her, afid is dependent for support upon the sweat
of the broW of an aged father, now seventy years
old. She is a resident of my town, in Florida,
and I know her situation well, and if there ever
was a case which called for the kind interference
of the Government, it is that of Mrs. Dade. 1
will remark further, that the bill is similar to the
one passed in January, 1849, for the relief of the
widow of Major Millard, who aiso fell in Florida,
which certainly was not as strong a case as this.
Without further remarks, I submit it to the Sen-
ate to say whether she shall not have the relief
asked.
The bill wss then reported to the Senate, and no
amendment having been proposed, it W3S ordered
to be engrossed for a third reading, and was sub-
sequently read a third time and passed.
On motion by Mr. SMITH, the Senate pro-
ceeded to consider, as in Committee of the Whole,
Senate bill No. 234, being the bili for the relief of
Frances B. Gardiner.
Mr. SMITH. The Senate has just provided a
pension for the widow of Major Dade, and I now
ask the Senate to pass the bill for the relief of
Mrs. Frances B. Gardiner, the widow of Captain
George P. Gardiner, who was the second in com-
mand, and who also fell in Dade's massacre. The
two cases are precisely similar, and I nope this
bill will be passed, for this lady is m needy cir-
cumstances, and is now gaining a scant subsist-
ence by keeping a few boarders m a manufactur-
ing village in Connecticut.
There being no amendment offered, the bill was
reported to the Senate, ordered to be engrossed,
and was subsequently read a third time and passed.
ENLARGEMENT OF THE CAPITOL.
The following resolution, submitted yesterday by-
Mr. Hotter, was considered, ordered to a third
reading, and was read a third time and passed:
