1850.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
1975
release be removed out of the way, the legal claim,
in its own#character, still subsists; the legal right
is retained, and the action can be supported.
Now, Mr. Crawford comes here and ^proposes
that he will withdraw and not insist upon any
bar which technically he might have a right to
plead against the claim of the United States to re-
cover this money, supposing that the facts that
constitute that legal bar did not exist. It seems
to me, then, clear that the commencement of this
action is perfectly analogous to the case I have
supposed, of one man having a claim against
another, and his supposed debtor having in his
possession a release. „ If he surrenders that re-
lease, if he does not plead it, there is no more dif-
ficulty in testing the merits of the original claim
than if the release had never been executed.
This is, then, a proper investigation for this claim,
in a proper court. In its nature judicial, the func-
tions to be exercised by the jndgesare functions
which are exercised by them in the regular
discharge of their ordinary official duties. So, in
no aspect and sh^pe in which I can see it, is it the
establiahmentof an arbitration. The action is to be
brought in the circuit couit of the United States,
and if that was constituted an arbitrator, all
know that its decision would be final; but the same
writs of appeal and error are to be allowed as in
every other cause of action brought in that court.
I am not going to enter into any of these in-
vestigations brought in here in regard to white-
washing and other matters, but 1 desire, however,
to say this: In the first place, I have no personal
acquaintance with Mr. Crawford. It so happens
that I have not had even an introduction to that
gentleman; and I know nothing of him, except as
I know from his general reputation in the country.
One thing is certain, however; he has been most
cruelly assailed in regard to the particular transac-
tion to which this resolution relates. When I
say that, I do nut refer to anything which has
taken place in the Senate; 1 mean abroad through-
out the country. Mr. Crawford thinks he has a
right to this money, but he is not willing to retain it
unless he has tjiat right; and he comes to the House
and asks that an action shall be brought to ascer-
tain whether he is entitled to the money or not.
My own opinion, from the examination I have
given to the case, is, that all that was done in the
executive department of the Government was right-
ly done, and that under the act of Congress this
claim was adopted and made one against this Gov-
ernment, in the same condition in every respect as it
formerly stood against the government of Georgia.
Against the State of Georgia it was a claim valid
for principal and interest both, and therefore when
adopted by the United States it became a just
claim for principal and interest against the .United
States. When this gentleman comes and asks that
this question may be investigated, and proposes
to pupevery obstacle out of the way, and submit
this legal question to a legal court, it would be
cruel and harsh treatment to him for the Congress
of the United States to refuse what he thus asks,
and what I think a fairand just respect for his char-
actec and standing requires.
Mr. POOTE. Mr. President 
Mr. BUTLER. I understand your object is to
move to lay this motion on the table.
Mr. FOOTE- I understand that my friend de-
sires to close his remarks with a motion to lay this
subject on the table; and so understanding, I give
way to him With pleasure.
Mr. BUTLER. I have but two propositions to
state, and those very briefly. I did not under-
stand that under any law we may propose, Mr.
Crawford may not release the judgment, so far as
he is concerned, under which this money was paid.
If it was paid, it was to all intents and purposes a
proceeding having all the validity of a judgment,
and so far as he is concerned he may undoubtedly
release that judgment, but he has not a right to re-
lease it so far as the other party is concerncd. But
that was not the'gravamen of the remarks I made.
I say that Mr. Crawford has no right to bring the
Supreme Court of the United State into collision
with the executive departments of the Govern-
ment. It is not in accordance with the genius of
our Government, and I believe it to be inconsistent
with the independence of those two departments of
the Government. I believe they ought to be kept
separate, and that neither should have any super-
visory power over the other. I move to lay the
resolution on the table.
Mr. EWING demanded the yeas and nays and
they were ordered.
The question was then taken on the motion to
lay the resolution on the table, and resulted as fol-
lows:
YEAS—Messrs. Atchison, Benton, Bright, Butler, Cass,
Chase, Clay, Davis of Mississippi, Dickinson, Dodsre of
Wisconsin, Dodge of Iowa, Felch, Foote, Fremont, Gwin,
Hale, Hamlin, Houston, Jones, Norris, Pearce, Rusk, Se-
bastian, Sou!£, Sturgeon, Turney, and Whitcomh—27.
NAYS—Messrs. Badger, Baldwin, Barnwell, Bell, Ber-
rien, Clarke, Cooner, Davis of Massachusetts, Dawson,
Dayton, Ewing, Greene, Hunter, King, Mason, Morton,
Pratt, Seward, Smith, Spruanee, Underwood, Wales,
Walker, Winthrop, and Yulee—25.
So the resolution was laid on the table.
COLLECTION DISTRICTS IN CALIFORNIA.
The bill to establish collection districts in Cali-
fornia, which was laid upon the table a few days
since, was taken up again on the motion of Mr.
Gwtn, and after undergoing some amendment, was
passed. [See Appeddix for the debate on this
bill.]
GOLD MINES IN CALIFORNIA.
The Senate then "resumed the consideration of
the bill to make temporary provision for the work-
ing and discovery of eold mines and placers in
California, and preserving order in the gold mine
district^.
After further discussion and amendment, the
bill was read a third time and passed.
[The debate on this bill will be found in the
Appendix.]
INDIAN APPROPRIATION BILL.
The Senate proceeded to the consideration of the
bill making appropriations for the Indian Depart-
ment for the present fiscal year.
Many amendments were offered and disposed
of, after being discussed. The bill wa<? still under
discussion at four o'clock, the hour fixed by res-
olution for the recess. [See Appendix for debate.]
EVENING SESSION.
Pursuant to the, terms of the resolution of Tues-
day, the evening session was devoted to Executive
business.
HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES.
Thursday, September 26, 1850.
Mr. CLEVELAND inquired if it was in ord^r
to move to suspend the reading of the Journal.
U would consume some time unnecessarily. He
made that motion.
The SPEAKER stated that the'motion could
only be made by unanimous consent.
Objection was made.
The Clerk commenced the reading, and had
continued it for some time; when
Mr. STANTON, of Tennessee, interposed, and
said it was a very uninteresting Journal. He
hoped the reading would be dispensed with.
The SPEAKER. Objection has been made.
The Clerk concluded the reading—
And the Journal was approved.
Mr. STANTON, of Tennessee, inguired if it
was not in the power of the gentleman from Mary-
land [Mr. Evans] to withdraw his motion to go
into Committee of the Whole on the state of the
Union ?
The SPEAKER. The motion pending is fora
suspension of the rules, and that the House re-
solve itself into Committee of the Whole on the
state of the Union—made by the gentleman from
Maryland. Does the gentleman from Maryland
withdraw the motion?
Mr. EVANS replied in the affirmative.
"WIDOW OF THE LATE CLERK.
Mr. STANTON, of Tennessee. I ask the
unanimous consent to offer the following, resolu-
tion. If objection is made I shall move a suspen-
sion of the rules:
Resolved, Thatjhere be paid ont of the contingent fund
of the House to the widow of Thomas J. Campbell, late
Clerk, his compensation to the end of tne session.
Mr. BURT objected.
Mr. STANTON moved a suspension of the
rules to enable him to offer the resolution.
He inquired whether it would be in order for
him to say, that in all cases of this kind a compen-
sation, such as he proposed, had been paid ?
The SPEAKER. No debate is in order on the
motion to suspend the rules.
The question, " Shall the rules be suspended
was taken, and the vote was—ayes 82, noes 31,
no quorum.
Mr. STANTON, of Tennessee, called for tellers.
Mr. BROWN, of Mississippi, asked that the
resolution be reported.
It was again read.
Mr. BURT called the yeas and nays.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
Mr. ASHE called for the reading of the resolu-
tion; which was again read.
Mr. BURT. I desire to make an inquiry,
whether the salary of Mr. Campbell, late Clerk of
the House has not been paid up to the time of his
death.
The SPEAKER. The Chair supposes it has
been paid.
Mr. BURT. The resolution does not contem-
plate anything of that kind.
Mr. STANTON I inquire if it has not been
usual in simdar cases to pass precisely similar
resolutions ?
The SPEAKER. The Chair cannot state what
has been the uniform practice, but similar resolu-
tions had been passed in some instances.
The Clerk commenced the call of the loll.
Mr. HARRIS, of Illinois, declined to vote, hav-
ing paired off with his colleague, [Mr. Ewing,]
who was for, while he was against, the proposi-
tion.
Mr. JONES, after the call had been completed,
asked leave to record his vote, stating-that when
his name was called, he wasabsent from the Hall,
in the discharge of his duties upon the Committee
of Ways and Means.
Mr. STANLY remarking, (as was understood,)
that it would be setting a bad precedent, objected.
Mr. JONES. Well, then, the Committee of
Ways and Means must take care of its own busi-
ness hereafter; I will come here and vote.
The question was then taken and decided in
the negative—yeas 84, nays 75, as follow:
YEA?5—Messrs. Alexander, Anderson, Ashmun, Baker,
Bokee, Briyg-, Brook--, Burrows, Chester Butler, Thomas'
B. Builer, E. C Cabell, Joseph Cable, Joseph P. Caldwell,
Calvin, Cascv, Ch-indler. Clingman, Cole,Corwin, Crowell,
Deberry, Dixon, Doty, Duncan,Eliot, Nathan Evans, Fitch,
Freerilev, Gould, Gnnnell, Halioway, Hampton, Hay, Hay-
tnond, Henrv, Holladay, Houston, Howe, Joseph W. Jack-
son, James L. Johnson, George G. King, James G.King,
J'lhn A. King, Ltfflcr, Marshall, Mdtteson, McKissock,
Meacham, Moore, Morton, Nelson, Ogle, Outlaw, Ppck,
Phcenix, Pitman, Putnam, Reynolds, Risley, Rockwell,
Rumsey, Saekbtt, Schermerhoni, Schoolcraft, Seddon, Sil-
vester, Spauldmg, Sprague, Stanly, Frederick P. Stanton,
Richard H. Stanton, Thaddeus Stevens, Taylor, John B.
Thompson, Thurman, Underbill, Venable, Yiriton, Walden,
Wntkins, Wentworth, White, Williams, and Wright—84.
NAYS—Messrs. Alberstson, Allen, Ashe, Bay, Beale,
Rmgham, BHseli, Booth, Bowie, Bowlin, Albert G. Brown,
Buel. Burt, George A. Caldwell, Cariter, Cleveland, W. R.
W. Cobb, Daniel, Dickey, Dttnmick, Disney, Alexander
Evans, Featherston, Fowler, Gilbert, Giimore, Goodenow,
Gott, [Jail, Hamilton, Hammond, Hatlan, Sampson W. Har-
ris, Thomas L. Harris, Howard, Iluntwr, luge, Andrew
Johnson, Robert W Johnson, Julian, Kaufman, Preston
King, La Sfcre, Littlefield, Horace Mann, Job Mann, Mc-
Clernand, MeLanahan, Robert M. McLane, McQueen,
Mead", Miller, Millson, Morehead, Morris, Orr, Otis, Peas-
lee, Phelps, Potter, Povvfll, Richardson, Root, Ro>s, Saw-
telle, Stetson. Strong, Jacob Thompson, James Thomp-
son, Waldo, Wallace, Whittlesey, Wood, Woodward, and
Young—75.
So, two thirds not voting in the affirmative, the
rules were not suspended.
COMMITTEE OF WAYS AND MEANS.
Mr. BAYLY. I move that the vacancies on the
Committee of Ways and Means be supplied, or
otherwise it will not have a quorum, three mem-
bers beins: absent.
The SPEAKER stated the question, and, no
objection having been made, the House directed
that the vacancies should be supplied.
CHAPLAINS, EMPLOYEES, &C.
Mr. CROWELL asked the unanimous consent
of the House to offer the usual resolution, which
was read for information, providing extra com-
pensation for the employee? about the Capitol.
Mr. THOMPSON, of Mississippi. If the rules
should be suspended for the reception of this reso-
lution, will the gentleman modify it so as to in-
clude the laborers and lamp-lighters?
The reply, if any was made, was not heard on
the left of the Chair.
Objection was made to the introduction of the
resolution.
Mr. CROWELL moved that the rules of the
House be suspended to enable him to introduce it.
The question was taken, and, two thirds not
voting in the affirmative, the rules were not sus-
pended, and the resolution.was not received.
ARMY APPROPRIATION BILL.
On motion by Mr. BAYLY, the House resolved
