882
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
May 1,
The CHAIR said, that under the rule, the cus-
tom had been that the gentleman spoke to the amend
n*ent which he had offered.
Mr. FITCH said, if the gentleman from Ohio
[Mr. Root] would be patient for two minutes, be
would find that he (Mr. F.) had a special applica-
tion to make of the amendment. The reason he
(Mr. F.) thought was a good one. If, onjiearing
it, it should be found not to be so, there would
,then be ample time to make the point of order.
At the tim^he had been interrupted, he was about
to say, that the chairman of the Committee on the
Judiciary, who reported this bill, had said that if
the bill was baitea with land, it would catch the
Hoosiers. Now, he (Mr. F.) proposed to bait it
•with something that should catch the Pennsylva-
nians. If there was to be any bait at all in this
bill, he knew not of any better mode of baiting it
than that which he had indicated, and 
Mr. McCLERNAND interposed to a point of
order. He submitted that the remarks ofthegen-
tlemanfrom Indiana [Mr. Fjtch] were not remarks
m explanation of the amendment, as contemplated
by the rule.
Mr. FiTCH said he meant no disrespect to the
State of Pennsylvania; he intended merely to an-
swer the slander upon his own State.
The CHAIRMAN. The remarks of the gen-
tleman are certainly not in order.
Mr. CARTTER rose to inquire of the Chair,
whether it would be in order for him to move that
a select committee of thirteen members be appointed
to devise some mode of adjusting, on terms satis-
factory to all parties, the controversy between the
States of Indiana and Pennsylvania ? [Laughter.]
Objections were made by seveial members to
any compromises. [Renewed laughter ]
Mr. STRONG rose, he said, to a point of order.
He understood the Chair to have decided that the
gentleman from Indiana [Mr. Fitch] was out o.
order.
The CHAIRMAN. The Chair ruled that the
course of remarks m which the gentleman was in-
dulging was out of order.
Mr, STRONG-. There is a rule of the House
which requires that a member who has been called
to order shall take his seat; and that, if any mem
ber object, he shall not be permitted to pioceed
without leave. He (Mr. $•) called for the enforce
ment of the rule.
Mr. HALL moved that the gentleman from In-
diana [Mr. Fitch] have leave to proceed in order
The question was taken, and decided the affirm-
ative, without a division.
So leave was given to Mr. Fitch to proceed in i
order. !
Mr. FITCH resumed the floor. He said, that J
order in this House was a thing so indefinite and ;
equivocal, that he did not profess very well to j
know when he was in order, and when not. He j
was not aware of one solitary item in the history
of the State of Indiana, which could justify, or in ;
any degree extenuate even, the allegation of the I
gentleman from Pennsylvania, [Mr. Thompson;] I
nor  ;j
Mr. ROOT interposed to a point of order. He |;
desired to know what the remarks of the gentle- j!
man had to do with the amendment which he had jj
proposed? J;
The CHAIRMAN said, that the remarks of the jt
gentleman from Indiana were not in order. ]!
Mr. McLANE, of Maryland. Let us hear him. j|
Mr. Chairman, I move that the gentleman have ']
leave to proceed in his remarks out of order. ij
The CHAIRMAN. The Chair doubts whether ■!
such a motion is in order.
Mr. McLANE. By unanimous consent, then;
I move that the gentleman have the unanimous
consent of the committee to proceed out oP order.
The CHAIRMAN. If there is no objection,
the Chair supposes that the gentleman can proceed.
Mr. RUMSEY inquired whether, if the gentle-
man should be allowed to proceed, he would be
limited by the five minutes' rule? ]
Objections were made to the motion of Mr. Mc- 1
Lane. i
Mr. HOUSTON made an inquiry similar to j
that indicated by Mr. Rumsey. i
Mr. FITCH addressed the Chair. j
Mr. CARTTER inquired of the Chair, whether '
the gentleman from Indiana had not already over-
reached the five minutes allowed by the ruta? '
Mr. FITCII. Well, 1 have only to say, that'
if land is a good bait with which to catch Hoo~ J
siers, they never could be caught by the carcass of
a rotten United States Bank.
Calls to order.
The hammer fell.
The amendment was withdrawn.
Mr. THOMPSON, of Pennsylvania, with the
intention of replying to Mr. Fitch-, renewed the
amendment, but withdrew it, objections having
been made to his proceeding with his remarks.
No further amendment was offered to the sec-
tion.
The second section of the bill was then read, as
follows:
84 Sec. 2. Jlnd leitjkirtker enacted, That each of said
marshals shall, before entering upon Ins duties, take and
subscribe the following oath, before any circuit or district
judge of the United States, to wit:
" I, , marshal of the district of , do sol-
emnly swear [or affirm] that i will enumerate, or cause to
be enumerated, ail the inhabitants of said district, and will
collect, or cause to be collected, the other statistical in-
formation within the same, and will faithfully perform all
the duties enjoined on me by the act providing for the ta-
king of the seventh census.
" And when duly authenticated by the said magistrate,
he shall deposit a copy thereof, so authenticated, with the
said Secretaiy of the Inteiror, and no marfhal shall pre-
sume to discharge any of the duties herein required, until
he has takt-n and subscribed this oath, and forwarded a
copy as aforesaid."
Mr. THOMPSON, of Pennsylvania, moved to
amend the section, in the fourth line, by striking
out the words, " before any circuit or district
judge of theUnited States," and inserting the words
" before any officer authorized to administer an
oath."
Mr. T. explained that the object of the amend-
ment was simply to enable the oath to be taken
before any judge or justice in the neighborhood in
which the marshal might reside.
Mr. ROSS suggested to his colleague [Mr.
Thompson] so to modify the amendment as to
add, after the word "authorized," the words
" by law."
Mr. THOMPSON accepted the modification.
And the amendment was modified accordingly.
Mr. HARRIS, of Illinois, made an inquiry of
Mr. Thompson as to the precise character of his
amendment.
Mr. THOMPSON explained.
Mr. HARRIS said he could see no necessity
for striking out the words as they stand in the
bill.
Mr. PUTNAM offered an amendment as a
| substitute for the modified amendment of Mr.
Thompson. The substitute proposed to add to
the words in the bill, the words " or before any
judge or justice of the supreme court of the State
in which the marshal may reside."
The amendment having been read,
Mr. PUTNAM signified his intention to modify
it, and, after a suggestion by
Mr. THOMPSON, of Pennsylvania,
Mr. P. modified the amendment so as to read,
" or before any judge of a court of record."
Mr. MARSHALL said it occurred to him that
there might be some misapprehension on this
point.
The CHAIR interposed with the remark, that
the gentleman from Kentucky [Mr. Marshall]
could only proceed by first offering an amendment.
Mr. MARSHALL had risen (he said) to call
the attention of the committee to the fact that this ;
oath applied only to marshals and not to assistant .
marshals. j
The question was stated to be on the modified
substitire of Mr Putnam.
Mr. WILSON rose to suggest that the matter
was not understood in his part of the House. If ;
(he proceeded to say) gentlemen would refer to the
tenth section nf the bill 
The CHAIR interposed, and said that no re- 1
marks were in order. The question was on the
substitute of the gentleman from New York, [Mr. :
putnjtm.]
Mr. STANTON, of Kentucky, desired to be
informed whether the substitute was amendable >
The CHAIR said H was not.
Mr. MARSHALL. Is it in order for me to
move to strike out so.much of the substitute 
_ The CHAIR, (interposing.) No amendment is
in Older; there is an amendment to an amendment
pending. Beyond that it is not competent to go.
Mr. HALL called for the reading of the clause
of the section, and of the proposed amendments. '
He thought the proposition was not understood m 1
that part of the Hall.
The clause and amendments were read.
Mr. RUMSEY asked for the reading of a part
of the tenth section of the bill, thaC it might be
seen how the matter stood with the assistant
marshals.
The CHAIR. It is not in order.
Mr. RUMSEY asked theunanimous consent of
the committee that the portion might be read.
Objections were made.
Mr. PUTNAM. For a special purpose I now
withdraw my substitute.
Mr. MARSHALL (on a pro forma amendment)
moved to strike out the word "judge."
In explanation, Mr. M. said that the section pre-
scribed that the marshals of the State or district
should take an oath before the circuit or district
judge. He thought that the bill ought to provide
that the oath should be taken before a federal
judge. The assistant marshals were not required
by this section to take the oath 
Mr. THOMPSON, of Pennsylvania, (interpos-
ing.) Will the gentleman allow me?
Mr. MARSHALL yielded the floor.
Mr. THOMPSON. I will withdraw my amend-
ment, as the other has been withdrawn.
So the amendment was withdrawn.
Mr. STEVENS, of Pennsylvania, renewed
(he said) the amendment of his colleague, [Mr.
Thompson,] and he would say one word in ex-
planation.
Mr. MARSHALL interposed and claimed the
floor. He had, he said, offered an amendment.
The CHAIRMAN said, that the Chair had un-
derstood the gentleman as yieldmgthe floor.
Mr. MARSHALL. I yielded, as I supposed,
for explanation, to the gentleman from Pennsylva-
nia, [Mr. Thompson.] But X do not insist
The question recurring on the amendment of
Mr. Stevens, of Pennsylvania,
Mr. S. resumed. He said, he thought that the
amendment which had been proposed was right.
In many places the marshal lived two hundred
miles from the district judge. It was so in Penn-
sylvania. Under thesecircumstances, the marshal
would have to travel two hundred miles to take the
oath, a copy of which was sent to him and which
I he could not, therefore, mistake. Any man could
1 administer the oath. If the amendment of the gen-
! tleman from New York [Mr. Putnam] prevailed,
; it would exclude all the magistrates and aldermen
I in Pennsylvania, for they were none of them judges
1 of courts of record, such as were known to the
! common law, or contemplated by the amendment
of the gentleman from New York. He (Mr. S.)
, saw no reason for rejecting the amendment of hi3
; colleague, and hoped that ft would be adopted.
Mr. PUTNAM. I renew the amendment which
I withdrew.
The CHAIR. Then the question stands pre-
cisely as it did some minutes since.
The question was then taken on the amendment
of Mr. Putnam, and was decided in the negative.
So the amendment was rejected.
The question then recurring on the amendment
of Mr Stevens,
Mr HAYMOND offered a substitute, as fol-
lows: " or before any judge or ju-iice of the peace
of the State or Territory in which he resides."
The question was taken, and the amendment
wa=* rejected.
The quesiion was then taken on the amendment
of Mr. Stevens, and decided in the negative with-
out a division
So the amendment was rejected.
Mr. MEADE moved an amendment to strike
out between the sixth and the ninth line?, the
words " enumerate, or cause to be enumerated, all
the inhabitants of said district, and will collector
cause to be collected, the other statistical informa-
tion within the same, and will," and to insert in
lieu thereof the words "to the best of my ability."
So as to read <£ 1" &<*,," do solemnly swear (or
affirm) that, i will, to the best of my ability, faith-
fully perform," &c.
Fie explained that he moved this amendment
because, under the section as it now stood, the
marshal was requirrd to swear to do that which it
was impossible for him to do.
Mr. THOMPSON, of Pennsylvania, suggested
to the gentleman trorn Virginia Mrnply to add at
the end of the oath piescnb* d, the words " to the
best of my ability"—which, lie *aid, would ac-
complish the object which the gentleman had in
view.
