1850.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
1977
arms should be needed, the facilities by the con-
struction of railroads, &c., will enable us to pro-
cure them from Harper's Ferry and Springfield,
with but little delay.
Mr. Chairman, I regard this appropriation of
$20,000 as but the entering wedge for the expendi-
ture of at least a million. This much given, and
hereafter" we shall hear the old song, (which is
always sung in favor of appropriations for half-
finished fortifications,) that additional sums are
necessary to prevent the total loss offormer expendi-
tures.
The honorable chairman of the Committee of
Ways and Means gave us, the other day, an inter-
esting statement of the condition of our Treasury.
Our necessary appropriations are already beyond
our means. Why, then, J a3k, open new anenues
for reducing the nation to a condition of bank-
ruptcy? We hear much from the other side of
the House about economy. I call upon gentlemen
who are serious, to come up, and nip this thing in
the bud, and at least to aid in postponing the ex-
penditure until it becomes necessary, and until we
can have such information as will enable us to es-
tablish the site of the armory (if necessary) at the
most suitable point.
Mr. CLEVELAND desired to know if the
Chair knew of any rule by which they could get
their crazy craft by Fort Massac? The wind was
blowing terribly against it.
The question was taken by tellers, (Messrs.
Waldo and Ogle,) and decided in the affirmative
—ayes 75, noes 51.
So the amendment was agreed to.
The question recurring on the motion to strike
out,
Mr. EVANS, of Maryland, (in a pro forma
amendment,) expressed the opinion that no addi-
tional armory was necessary. The Government
was not calling for additional arms. If gentlemen
would show that more arms were actually needed,
he would vote for the establishment of an armory
in the West. But no such thing had been shown.
Mr. CALVIN rose, and said he was satisfied,
from the indications of the committee, that it was
not willing at this time and in this manner to
establish a national foundry at any place. Much
has been said by different gentlemen of their sev-
eral favorite sites, and of their manifold advantages.
But for the conviction, as I have said, that the
House is unwilling at present to esfabl'sh an ar-
mory anywhere, I should have presented the claims
of a site in my district, which would perhaps be
found upon examination more worthy of the
favorable consideration of Congress than any place
which has yet been mentioned. I mean Holli-
daysburg, on the Pennsylvania Canal and Central
Railroad. We have there the coal, the iron, the
means of transportation east or west, an abundance
of timber, and every imaginable advantage. But
I forbea#, sir, to consume the time of the committee
in a glowing description of its many advantages.
But, sir, 1 am opposed to this strange and irreg-
ular mode of establishing an armory by inserting
it in the appropriation bill. Sir, I thought we had
been told by the chairman of Ways and Means,
and by others, that no appropriation should be in-
serted in these bills but such as were authorized
by existing laws; and after a law shall have been
passed establishing; an armory, it will be in time
to make the appropriation, and not till then.
A bill has been reported for the purpose of
establishing a national armory and foundry at
Massac, and when that bill comes up, I hope we
shall so modify it as to authorize the President of
the United States to appoint commissioners, who
shall examine and report to Congress upon this
subject. Since the report referred to was made,
great changes have taken place in the face of the
country, and the sufficient means of transportation
by canals and railroads, and a further examination
and report have become necessary for the proper
understanding of this subject. I hope, therefore,
that this whole paragraph will be stricken out,
making this appropriation according to the motion
I made yesterday.
Mr. RICHARDSON moved to amend the amend-
ment, (the purport of which was not heard by the
Reporter.)
Mr. RICHARDSON (replyingto Mr. Evans)
stated that the reason for the construction of such
a site on the western waters, had been set forth in
the reports for the last ten years. He urg;ed the
construction of an armory at some point on the
score of public policy, and especially on that of
economy. He argued that the place designated in
his amendment united advantages not possessed
by any other locality.
Mr. McLANE, of Maryland, opposed the
amendment of Mr. Richakdson, but expressed
the hope that the friends of a western armory
might yet accomplish the object which they had
in view. The construction of such an armory
west of the Alleghanies, indispensable as it was to
the administration of the military department of
the Government, had hitherto been defeated by
the contests of western men as to its location. He
regretted that the falls of the Ohio had been intro-
duced; he regretted that Fort Massac had been
stricken out. He believed such an armory to be
absolutely requisite. He suggested that the com-
mittee mis;ht add a proviso that nothing should
prevent the President of the United States from
establishing an armory elsewhere upon the Ohio,
or the Mississippi, if he should deem it expedient.
And he (Mr. McL.) appealed to western gentle-
men not to defeat the accomplishment of the ob-
ject, by further controversies among themselves.
Mr. BAYLY stated thatevery oneof these prop-
ositions had been voted down in the Committee of
Ways and Means.
Some conversation followed, after which the
question was taken on the amendment of Mr.
Richardson, and decided in the negative.
So the amendment to the amendment was re-
jected.
The question then recurred, and was taken, on
the amendment of Mr. Evans, of Maryland, and
it was decided in the negative, without a division.
So the amendment was rejected.
Mr. McLANE, of Maryland, now moved to
amend by inserting the words "at Fort Massac,
or any other point the President should deem ex-
pedient."
Mr. McLANE proceeded to support his amend-
ment 
Mr. MARSHALL raised the point of order
upon it.
After some conversation, the amendment was
ruled to be in order.
Mr. McLANE, of Maryland, believed if gentle-
men consulted the best interests of the West,
they would adopt this amendment, and not suffer
the object to be defeated by these disputes among
themselves.
Mr. MASON moved to amend the amendment
by adding the words " Newport, Kentucky."
Mr. McLANE said he would accent the amend-
ment as a modification of his proposition.
Mr^MASON briefly explaine'l the advantages
of the location in-every light in which the subject
could be viewed. Among its other advantages,
he particularly designated plenty of water and ex-
emption from musquitoes.
[The Speaker resumed the chair, informally,
to receive a report, by Mr. Dicke?, from the Com-
mittee on Enrolled Bills. The Chairman then re-
sumed his seat in Committee of the Whole on the
state of the Union ]
Mr. McLANE then modified his amendment.
Mr. BOWL1N took the floor in opposition to
the amendment.
Mr. McLANE submitted, as a point of order,
that the gentleman from Missouri [Mr. Bowlin]
had no right to oppose the amendment, because
the gentleman from Kentucky [Mr. Mason] had
already spoken in opposition,-thus exhausting the
privilege allowed by the rule.
The CHAIRMAN overruled the point of order.
Mr. BOWLIN proceeded. He moved to amend
by inserting " St. Louis," and vindicated «the
claims of that place as the point best suited for
the purpose. If the committee should think other-
wise, he should acquiesce. He protested, how-
ever, against the attempt to leave St. Louis and
the Mississippi river, and the whole of that region
of country, out of the catalogue of places to be con-
sidered by the President.
Mr. SACKETT opposed the whole proposi-
tion. The armory, he contended, was notv/anted
for any necessary purposes. There would not be
a difference of eight days in the time required to
supply the armies from the present armories, and
supply that required to them, from the point at
which this section proposed that an armory shou'd
be constructed. At the time the proposi tion was first
started, there were reasons, growing out of the in-
ferior facilities for communication, why such an
establishment should be provided, but which, in
the altered circumstances of the country, had ceased
to>exist.
The question was then taken on the amendment,
of Mr. Bowlin, and decided in the negative, with-
out a division.
So the amendment was rejected.
Mr. THOMPSON, of Mississippi (on a pro
forma amendment) said, unless they progressed
faster they would have to suspend the five minutes'
rule. He thought the western members had killed
the proposition, and that the eastern members
were justified in voting it out. He should vote
against it now, though at a proper time he would
be willing to vote for the establishment of a
western armory.
Mr. BISSELL inquired if, before anything had
been said by western men, the other side of the
House had not shown a determined opposition to
an armory at any location?
Mr. THOMPSON said he believed this was the
fact.
Mr. BISSELL. Then let the responsibility rest
upon those to whom it properly belongs.
Mr. THOMPSON repeated thatthere had been
dissensions between western men, andit was now
too late to settle the question at this session.
Mr. McCLERNAND moved to amend the
amendment of Mr. McLane by adding thereto
the following proviso:
"Provided, That the Secretary of War be directed to select
and purchase a suitable site for an armor}' on the western
waters, and to tiansfer The property ot the United States
of a portable nature from the armory at Springfield or Har-
per's Ferry, sfc? be may decide, to said «ite, and that here-
port to the next session of Congress a? to the best mode of
disposing of the real estate ot the United Slates at the
arniorv hereby proposed to be abolished : and the sum of
$2 j,000 is hereby appropriated for said purpose."
Mr. McCLERNAND. This amendment will
meet the objection urged particularly by the gen-
tleman from Maryland, [Mr. Evans,] that another
armory was not needed. If only two were neces-
sary, certainly the gentleman, in consistency, can-
dor, and fairness, should be willing to transfer one
of the two, now east of the mountains, to a con-
venient point in the Mississippi valley. The pop-
ulation of the Mississippi valley was now about
as great as that east of the mountains, and if one
was needed east, certainly one was as much, even
more needed west.
The existing armories, two in number, were es-
tablished, one in 1794, the other in 1796 The pop-
ulation of the United States then amounted only to
some four or five millions. Now we have twice
the same amount of population in the Mississippi
valley; so that if two were needed in 1796, for five
millions of population, certainly one was needed
now for ten millions of people.
Mr. Calhoun had said in 1819, when Secretary
of War, that the supply of arms from the national
armories was insufficient, and recommended the
erection of an armory on the western waters.
Now our militia numbered some two millions,
showing an annual increase of some one hundred
and fifty thousand men, while the annual product
of our arms at. the armories from 1841 to 1846,
was only some fifteen thousand stand of arms.
The people west of the mountains were exposed
to attack on the lakes on the western hotder by
the Indians, and upon the Gulf of Mexico by any
maritime power. It was unsafe; it was culpable
that they should be left longer without certain and
ample means of defence.
The question was taken, and the amendment of
Mr. McClernand was rejected.
Mr. EVANS, of Maryland, moved to amend
the amendment of Mr. McLane, by adding thereto
the following:
« Provided, That the President shall first report jo Con-
l gress whether any additional armory i< ii^cee^arv for a &uf-
ficent supply of arm*. for ihe use of the United States, and
that he further repoit to Congress what number of arm'? of
all classes is nmv in the possession oi ihe United State*;
and that he further be rujuested fo report whether a drpdt
of arms be not necessary in the valley of the Mississippi.
Mr. E. said, there had been a question between
the gentlemen from Illinois and Mississippi—
"Who killed Cock-robin and the gentleman
from Illinois [Mr. Bissell] had charged it upon
the Eastern members. He wished to correct the
gentleman, and to say that the gentleman who hrid
first moved to strike out the section providing for
the location at Port Massac was the gentleman
from Ohio, [Mr. Vinton]—a western man.
Mr. McCLERNAND said, he did not consider
