1978
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
Sept. 26,
the gentleman from Ohio a western man. He was
alien and inimical to the interests of the West—his
history proved him to be so.
Mri EVANS said, whatever might be the esti-
mate of the gentleman from Illinois, the gentleman
from Ohio had been sustained during a long series
of years by a western constituency, and he had
ever been faithful to his country.
Mr. TAYLOR said, that while almost every
gentleman on this floor had—as had been said by
others—one or more sites which they recommend-
ed as possessing peculiar advantages for the loca-
tion of an armory, he proposed, inasmuch as nine
years had elapsed since the report of the commis-
sion, that the question should be referred to the
President of the United States, to be determined
upon the report of another commission. He dis-
claimed the imputation made by the gentleman
from Illinois, that western men on his (Mr. T.'s)
side of the House were opposed to the establish-
men of a western armory. He (Mr. T.) was in
favor of it. He referred to change of circum-
stances of the country in its growth of population,
development of resources, &c., as reasons for the
appointment of a new commission, and stated the
fact that the previous commission had not been
unanimous in the choice of location.
Mr. BISSELL said, the choice of the site had
been determined nine years ago by geographical
location; and inquired if the geography of the
country had changed since that time?
Mr. TAYLOR repeated that the circumstances
of the country, the comparative population, im-
portance and accessibility of different points, had
materially changed, and that these were important
questions to be considered, in fixing the site of a
national armory. He mentioned Cincinnati as a
site of peculiar eligibility, and said that it abound-
ed in ail advantages imaginable. He was willing
that Ohio, Kentucky, Illinois, and the other west-
ern States should have a fair chance, and com-
parative advantages of their sites examined and
passed upon. He had an amendment which he
thought would satisfy every reasonable man, even
those who were in favor of Fort Massac, and he
declared, if Fort Massac should be selected by a
competent corps of officers, he would vote for it.
He read his proposition, which authorizes the J
President to select either of the sites designated in i
the section, or such a site on the Mississippi or '
Ohio rivers as three competent officers of the corps ;
of engineers should, upon examination, recom-
mend. He appealed to the gentleman from Mary-
land [Mr. McLane] to accept this proposition as
a modification of his amendment.
Mr. McLANE said, if the gentleman would ex-
amiife his amendment, he would see it now made
this proposition in express terms.
Mr. TAYLOR said, the gentleman's amend-
ment enumerated two or three sites. He wanted
the whole field le^t open to the President, author- i
ized to look over the whole country, and find the |
best location.
The question was then taken, and the amend- |
ment to the amendment was agreed to. |
The question then recurred on the adoption of ,
the amendment as amended, and it was rejected. !
Mr. VINTON moved to amend the paragraph
proposed to be stricken out, by striking out all
after the word <c armory,'* in the second line, and
inserting in lieu thereof the words—
" At such place on the western waters as shall be se-
lected and decided upon by the President of the United
States, after such examination for a proper site foi an arm-
oiy shall have been made under his direction as will en-
able him to decide upon the most suitable site for the estab-
lishment of the same, $20,000."
Theparagraph, as it would read if thus amended,
was then read.
Mr. RICHARDSON raised a question of order
on the amendment.
The CHAIR overruled the point of order.
Mr. BAYLY. I move that the committee rise,
with a view to move a suspension of the rules in
the House for arresting this debate under the five
minutes rule.
Mr. VINTON claimed the floor.
Mr. V. said, if it was necessary to establish an
armory in the western country, the proposition he
had submitted would give a fair chance to all the
p'aces which had been designated. He replied to
the remarks of Mr. McClernand, and repelled
the idea that a member was an enemy to the west-
ern country, because he did not happen to be in
favor of Fort Massac. To one thing he had been
opposed all his life—that was, to demagogues and
demagogism.
Mr. McCLERNAND. The gentleman had
said that he was opposed to demagogues and dem-
agogism. If so the gentleman must have been
an enemv to himself from infancy upward.
The CHAIR interfered, and said personalities
were not in order.
Mr. McCLERNAND. The amendment of the
gentleman from Ohio is a subterfuge, it is an ex-
pedient to escape from the responsibility justly
attaching to him for defeating the project of an
armory on the Mississippi valley—in his own
country. He proposes now what was done under
the provision enacted in 1841 or *42. That pro-
vision authorized the President to cause a suitable
site to be selected for a western armory. Such a
site, after eight months explorations and surveys
by an able military board, was selected—it was
" Massac." The gentleman now proposed a rep-
etition of the same expense and labor; and for
what?" To produce a result which he or another
may make another object of attack. The gentle-
man had opposed the preemption policy in regard
to the public lands—he had opposed the gradua-
tion of the price of the public lands to actual settlers
—he had opposed the granting of alternate sections
of the public lands to aid the new States in making
roads and canals—he was generally opposed to
everything for the benefit of the people—the set-
tlers of the new States; but he was active and in-
genious in defending, even advocating men who
had pirated upon the public Treasury.
Mr. McC. was interrupted by Mr.stanly, who
called him to order for personalities in debate.
The CHAIR reminded the gentleman from
Illinois that personalities were out of order.
Mr STANLY was required to reduce his point
of order to writing.
He proceeded to do so, but said he would not
take up the time of the committee.
And he withdrew his point of order.
Mr. McCLERNAND was entitled to the floor,
but said he had no desire to submit any further re-
marks.
Mr HOWARD moved that the committee rise.
• The question was taken, and the vote stood—
ayes 71, no^s 50.
Mr ROOT callcd for tellers.
Mr. BURT sus^ested that there was a minority
sufficient to prevent a suspension of the rules in
the House, and it would, therefore, be an un-
necessary consumption of time to rise for the pur-
pose of stooping the five minutes debate.
Mr. BAYLY. I acquiesce in the suggestion of
the gentleman from South Carolina, [Mr. Surt.]
I had supposed that the committee was tired of
this debate, and that we could suspend the vote in
the H« use for the purpose of arresting it. I see
that I was mistaken, and that it cannot be done.
The motion that the committee rise was then
withdrawn. •
And the question recurred on the amendment of
Mr. Vinton.
Tellers were ordered, and Messrs. McMullen
and Evans of Ohio were appointed.
The CHAIR again requested gentlemen to vote
on one side or the other.
I The question was then taken, and the vote stood
■ —ayes 44, noes not counted.
; So the amendment was rejected.
: The question then recurred on the motion of
i Mr. Calvin to strike out the whole paragraph.
I Mr. INGE moved to amend the item proposed
I to be stricken out by adding thereto the following:
! " For the purchase of a=itc and commencing the ncces-
i sarv work for a national foundry ar Tuscaloosa, Alabama,
! $29,000, to be applied under the direction of the Secretary
| of War."
Mr. I. said a few words of explanation, of
which little was heard on the right of the Chair,
and hoped that the two propositions for an armory
and a foundry would be approved together.
! Mr. STANLY said he had one objection to
i these expenditures at this time. We have voted
liberally, millions of acres for railroads which are
\ n<jt vet constructed. And we have a bill before
; the House for the improvement of harbors and
; rivers. If this bill passes, it may be important to
: locate the armory at some point accessible by rail-
roads and by water. Mr. S. regretted to see gen-
i tlemen earnestly advocating the- establishment of
j these armories, foundries, &c., and opposing the
i improvement of rivers and harbors.
The Question was then taken, and the amend-
ment of Mr. Inge was rejected.
The question again recurred on the amendment
of Mr. Calvin.
Mr. COBB, of Alabama, moved to amend the
amendment by adding thereto the following:
Provided, further* Having in view the salutary effects
that may be produced by the Peace Convention now in ses-
sion at Frankfort-on-the-Maine, which mav abolish the use
of arms for the purposes of war, it is hereby provided that
all arms hereafter to be constructed, shall be upon such
plans as to be suitable for the purpose of hunting game^pr
other amusement."
The amendment was not pressed to a vote.
The question recurred and was taken on the
motion to strike out the paragraph, and it was
agreed to.
Mr. CALDWELL, of Kentucky, moved to
amend the bill by inserting the following:
" For compensation dne Charles Lee Jone«, under act of
Congres«, June 2d, 1848, for expenses incurred and services
rendered in raising, oigamzing, subsisting, and transporting
three companies of volunteers mustered and received into
the service of the United States, $2,000."
Mr. HALL said that was precisely the same
proposition, he believed, which was ruled out of
order yesterday. He renewed the point of order.
! Mr. CALDWELL said it was not precisely the
! same, and called for the reading of the act provi-
j ding for the pay of volunteers applicable to this
j case.
j The act was read.
The CHAIRMAN ruled the amendment out of
order.
| Mr. CALDWELL wished to make an explana-
! tion, but it not heino; in order, he appealed from the
I decision of the Chair.
! The question, " Shall the decision of the Chair
! stand as the judgment of the committee?" was
i taken by tellers, (Messrs. Thompson, of Pennsyl-
: vania, and Corwin,) and decided m the affirma- ,
; tive—ayes 80, noes 40.
I So the decision was affirmed, and the amend-
! ment was ruled out of order.
I Mr. CHANDLER moved to amend the bill by
! the insertion of the following:
1 "To W. P. Wallace & Co., for duties paid by them as
, sutlers during the Mexican war, on eoods imported and sold
! exclusively to the officers and soldiers of the army ot the
i United States, §3,166 20."
j Mr. CRO WELL raised the point of order, that-
j the amendment was not in order, on the ground
| that there was no law authorizing the appropria*
! tion.
I The CHAIRMAN sustained the point of order,
I and ruled the amendment out of order.
The following being under consideration—-
" For the purchase of Colt's revolving pistols, for the sup-
ply of the mounted troops of the United States army,
$50,000."
Mr. OTIS said, as there seemed to be a disposi-
tion to retrench, arid as §350,000 was appropriated
for additional arms in another section, h£ saw no
necessity for this appropriation at the present
time. He deprecated the course of the House
during this session, in voting almost everything
that was asked, and that this was an item which
might be stricken out. He mentioned that in the
bill as originally reported, this item was not inclu-
ded, but had been inserted in the last printed bill.
!! Mr. BURT moved to strike out the item and in-
sert the following:
e: For the purchase of such pistols as may be deemed by
the Secretary of War best adapted lor the use ot mounted
troopi, $25,000."
Mr. B. said that this amendment was offered
in obedience to the recommendation of the Secre-
,1 tary of War. He held in his hand a communi-
i; cation from the Secretary of War, covering acom-
i mnnication from the acting Chief of the Bureau of
| Ordnance, recommending that the purchase
i! should not be confined to any particular pistol, as
' ; it was not certain that Colt's was the best weapon
; that could be procured for mounted troops.
The two communications referred to were read.
| Mr. THOMPSON opposed the amendment of
: Mr. Btjrt, These communications made a direct
J; issue with almost all the distinguished officers o£
|l the late war with Mexico. They all agreed that
this was the most important weapon belonging to
the service. From the authority before the House
then, he took it for granted that this was the best
arm that could be pfaced in the hands of mounted
troops, and that it was absolutely necessary for
them. The kind of warfare on our frontier
rendered this arm necessary now. He was pro-
