mi
T&E CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
May 1,
lution, which was considered by unanimous con-
sent and agreed to:
Btsoloal, That the Secretary of War be directed to coro-
munieate to the Senate the report of Captain Marey, of the
United States army, of his expedition from Fort Smith, Ar-
kansas, to Santa F«, including his return trip, in command
of a'detachment of United States troops, during the year
1849.
INCREASE OF THE ARMY.
Mr. DAVIS, of Mississippi, moved to post-
pone the prior orders, and take up for considera-
tion the bill to increase the rank and file of the
army, and to encourage enlistments, as he appre-
hended it would lead to no debate.
The motion having been agreed to, the bill was
considered in Committee of the Whole, and, no
amendment having been offered, it was ordered to
be engrossed for a third reading, and was subse-
quently read a third time and passed.
THE SIR JOHN FRANKLIN EXPEDITION.
Mr. MILLER moved to postpone ail prior or-
ders and take up the joint resolution from the
House authorizing the President of the United
States to accept and attach to the navy twf^tessels
offered by Henry Grinnell, Esq., of New York, to
be sent to the Arctic seas in search of Sir John
Franklin and his companions.
Mr. YULEE. Mr. President, I would suggest
to the Senator who makes this motion, that the
Senator from Indiana, [Mr. Bright,] who mani-
fested an interest in this matter when the subject
was heretofore before the Senate, is not now in his
seat, and that he had better suspend his motion
until that Senator shall be present.
Mr. MILLER. I would do so, sir, with great
pleasure, but for two facts; first, the resolution
should be acted upon immediately, and, secondly,
I do not understand the Senator from Indiana as
intending any-further opposition.
Mr. CLAY. I think I feel myself authorized to
say that the Senator from Indiana will not make
any further opposition, if it can be said to be op-
position that he made before to this resolution, if
it is to he passed, it seems to me that it slfould be
passed immediately. In a very few days the ves-
sels will take their departure, and therefore I hope
the resolution will be taken up, and 1 shall be
happy to,find that it meets with general concur-
rence.
The motion was agreed to, and the resolution
was considered, as follows:
Resolved by ihe Senate and House of Representatives of the
Unittd Shite* in Congress asseinbleih That the Pre.-id<>nt be
and hf 11s heieby nuihonzt-d and dtrecird to rect-ne from
Henry Grinnell. of toe ufy of New Yoik, the two ves-eis
prepared by h'iri for an twpedmon in seaichof Sir John
Franklin and Ins companions, and to detail from the navy
such commissioned and warrant officers and so man\ sea-
men as may be necessary (or ^iid expedition, and who may
be willing to ensago therein. The taid officers and men
shall be furnished with suitable rations, at the d rection of
the President, for a period not exceeding Uiree years, and
shall have the u^e of Mu-h necessary inatrumems as are now
on hand and ean be spared fiom the navy, to be accounted
for or returned by trie officers who shall receive the same.
ResolccAj,irtiier, That the said vessels, officer*, and men
shall be in all respcct-* under the laws and regulations of the
navy of the United S'atts until their return, when the *nid
"vessel* shall be delivered to the said Henry Grinnell: Pro-
vided, That the United States '•hall not be liable to any claim
for compensation m case of the lo-s. damage, or deteriora-
tion of the said vessels, or either of them, from any cau«e or
in any m«nner whatevei, nor be iialle to any demand for
the use or ri&k of the said vec&els. 01 either of them.
Mr. CLAY. I beg leave to say a few words
only in support of this resolution. The navigator
■whose fate has interested so large a portion of the
world, went upon his perilous expedition not mere-
ly for the sake of his own country, or his own
fame, but for the genera! good of mankind, and of
the commercial world of all mankind; and it does,
therefore, seem to me peculiarly proper and expe-
dient, that the interest which is taken in his fate
should not be confined meiely to ihe country from
whifh he went, but that it should be coextensive
wtih Christendom, and all those parts of the woild
which could possibly be benefited, if he had suc-
ceeded in that expedition. 1 think, therefore, that
upon that ground, the resolution should be adopted.
Althougn 1 accord in the expression of opinion !
urged agkinst the union of a public and individual i
enterprise generally, yet, in a case of this kind, 1
should hope that would not be permitted to pre-
vent the passage of this resolution. Indeed, it
appears to me, that when any one of our merchants
displays a spirit of enterpiise and humanity, such
tjs has been manifested on the part of the'unpre-
"tead'mgj modest, and highly worthy gentleman
who has tendered these -vessels to the Government,
it is very proper on the part of the Government to
encourage such efforts on the part of commercial
men, all over the country, and sanction them, and
aid in carrying them out. All that is asked for the
accomplishment of this enterprise, is, that Gov-
ernment shall give the authority of its name to
those commanding these ships, in order to pre-
serve that subordination which may be essential to
the success of the enterprise. I beg leave to add,
that although I am, amongst those who despair of
the recovery of this lost navigator, it will be a
matter of satisfaction to know, if possible, what
his fate has been; and it may turn out, too, that
in carrying out this enterprise, other discoveries
may be made, which will benefit our country and
the world. In consideration of the nature of the
enterprise, and of the high character of this body,
which, above all others m the whole world,should
seize on every opportunity to aid in such a noble
enterprise, 1 trust the Senate will not hesitate to
give its sanction to it.
Mr. KING. No one, Mr. President, can feel
more sensibly than I do the impoitance of taking
some steps to ascertain whether that distinguished
navigator is living or dead. I was pleased to see
a manifestation of a disposition on the part of this
Government, so far as it had the power, to engage
in an enterprise to ascertain that tact, and if living
to rescue him and his companions from the dan-
gers that surround them. I think it becomes all
civilized nations to turn their attention to that one
single object, independent of any information that
might be derived from the researches of the expe-
dition. I am willing to accord to the gentleman
who seems to be prominent in this matter the most
praiseworthy motives, and if I could think it proper
to mingle up the affairs of an individual with those
of the Government of the United States, I would
unhesitatingly vote for this proposition. But I
hold that the Government of the United States
ought not in any case to connect itself in this way
with a private individual. I hold that you should
not place the officers and seamen of the United
States under the control of any private individual
whatever. This resolution will have that effect.
They go out under him, and are subject to his
directions, and are in fact under his control and
command. Is it not better that the Government
of the United -States should take the subject into
its own hands and make a liberal appropriation?
I would vote for the largest appropriation neces-
sary to purchase suitable ships. If the ships of
Mr. Grinnell can be purchased, let it be done, and
man them with officers of the navy, the most gal-
lant m the service, and send with them such sea-
men as may be willing and fit for the service, and
then it will be worthy of our aim. But it seems ■
to me it is letting it down to connect it with any
private individual. Highly as I regard the ob-
ject—wcrthyof this Government, or any other
civilized Government as it is—I feel compelled to
vote against this resolution in its present shaoe. '
If the suggestion I make is approved, and honor-
able Senators so express themselves, I will move
its recommitment to the committee, that they may '
report a bill carrying out the suggestions "that 1 1
have made—that the Government of the United i
States may carry out the expedition at its own 1
expense, and that we may not mix ourselves as a
Government with the enterprise of any individual.
I shall not make this motion tiii 1 ascertain whether
this suggestion meets with the approbation of Sen-
ators, and if it does, I will make the motion to
recommit it for that object.
Mr. MILLER. I prefer that the Government
should have the entire control of this enterprise;
but, sir, 1 do not think that can be accomplished;
at all events, it cannot within the time required to'
produce the good results which are to be hoped
from this expedition. It is well known to all that
the uncertain fate of Sir John Franklin and his
companions, has attracted the attention and called
forth the sympathies of tlie civilized world. Thi-i
Government, sir, has not been indifferent to the
call. An application, an appeal was made to this
Government of no ordinary character; one which
was cheerfully entertained by the President, and
which he was anxious should be complied with.
But it is known to the country and to the Senaie,
that although ihe President had every disposition
to send out an expedition in search of Sir John
franklin, it was found upon inquiry that we had ■
no ships fitted for the- occasion, and* that the Ex- ;
I ecutive had no authority to procure them for an
; expedition of this kind, and suitable for this sort
' of navigation. The Executive was therefore
I obliged, for want of authority to build the ships,
1 to forego further action on this noble enterprise,
until Congress should meet and authorize the ex-
I pedition.
In the mean time, Mr. Grinnell, one of the irost
respectable and worthy merchants of the city of
New York, understanding the difficulty that the
Government had in fitting out the expedition, has
gone to- work, and with his own means has built
two small vessels especially prepared for the ex-
pedition; and he now most generously tenders
them to the Government, not to be under his owti
control, but the control of the Government, and to
be made part of the navy of the United States. The
honorable Senator from Alabama [Mr. Kikg] is
mistaken with regard to the terms and effect of
this resolution. This resolution places these two
ships under the control of the Government, as
much so as if they were built expressly for the
navy of the United States. Their direction, their
fitting out, their officers and men, are all to be
under the control of the Executive. Their officers
I are to be the officers of our navy—their seamen
! the seamen of oar navy—so that the expedition
| will be as thoroughly under the control of this
| Government as if the ships belonged to us. Now,
i sir, I should have no objections myself to amend
I this resolution so as to authorize the purchase of
I these two small vessels at once, and make them a
j part of our naval establishment; but when 1 re-
j collect the magnanimous feeling which urged this
i noble-hearted merchant to prepare these ships, I
| know that the fame feeling would forbid him to
■ make merchandise of that which he has devoted
i to humanity. He offers them for this great
j cause; they are his property, prepared for this
enterprise, and he offers them to us to be used by
: the Government in this great undertaking. We
, must either accept them for the purpose to which
he has dedicated them, or reject them altogether.
: If we refuse these ships, we will defeat the whole
; enterprise, and lose all opportunity of participa-
tion in a work of humanity which now commands
t the attention of the world.
j If we refer this resolution back to the commit-
; tee, and they report a bill authorizing Government
to build ships to carry on the expedition on its
; own account, it would be attended with very great
delay, and, in my opinion, defeat the object we
haveinvicw. hi a case of this kind, time is e\ er gr-
illing. It must be done speedily, if done at all.
Every hour's'delav may be worth the life of a
man. Sir John Franklin arid his companions
may have ere this perished, but our hope is that
they are still living in some narrow sea, imprisoned
by walls of ice, where our succor may yet reach
them. But, sir, whether,our hopes are fallacious
or not, the public feeling.—the feeiing of humani-
ty—is that the fate of Sir John Franklin should,
if possible, be ascertained, and as soon as possible.
The public mind will never be satisfied till an ex-
pedition fiom this countiy, or from some other
country, shall have ascertained that fate. I there-
fore trust that this resolution, as it is, will be acted
upon at once, and that it will receive a unanimous
vote of the S nate.
Mr. FOOTE. Du ring the last spring many of
our citizens were gladdened by the declaration, on
thepartofthe Executivebranch of the Government,
that a proper sympathy was felt for the distin-
guished navigator whose fate is now the subject
of so much anxious appreheesion, arid for his suf-
fering family and friends; and when the Executive,
through a former letter of the Secretary of State
which most of us read with deiiu'ht arid admira-
tion at the time, declared his determination to do
all that his constitiuional power would allow him
to do, to accomplish the gicat ol,.j.-ctfor the attain-
ment of which (his tesolurion is now pressed upon
us, I do l,elif\e that theie was not a geneiouR-'
spirited man in America who did not rn-clio the
sympathetic, seriirrients contained in that letter,
and who would not have hren willing to justify
the Executive m the course of policy therein
marked out; at least so far as justification could
be afforded without violating a pioper sense of
constitutional propriety. Kir, I regret to say that
the magnificent promises thus held out have not
been executed, but have most unfortunately failed
of .their accomplishment. All those generous an-
ticipations awakened in th« minds of our country-
