1850.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
1979
ceeding to argue that the appropriation was
required, because the supply on hand would be
applied to the use of emigrants, when the time
expired.
The question was then taken on the amend-
ment of Mr. Burt, (to strike out the item in the
bill, and insert the amendment,) and it was agreed
to.
The question then recurred on the motion of
Mr. Otis, to strike out the paragraph as amended.
The motion was agreed to, and the paragraph
as amended was stricken out.
Mr. PEASL.EE said, he was instructed by the
Committee on the Militia to offer the following
amendment:
" For the purchase and fair distribution of some concise
work on military tacties and regulations, according to the
system observed by the reeuhir army of the United States,
among the officers of the militia hi the several States of tiie
Union, under the direction of the Secretary of War,$10.000:
Provided, That the Secretary of War shall contract for the
same to the lowest bidder, who will contract to furnish them
in a reasonable time to be fixed: Jlnd provided, also, That
each copy, substantially bound, shall not exceed sixty-two
and a bait cents."
Mr. P. remarked, that the amendment proposed
involved but a small amount for the encourage-
ment and aid of an institution deemed of great
importance by the founders of our Government,
.as a means of defence against foreign foes, and of
preserving internal peace. The Consiitution of
the United States provides that Congress shall have
" the power of calling forth the militia to execute
the laws of the Union, suppress insurrection, and
repel invasions."
There have been occasions when it was neces- ;
sary for the General Government to exercise this
power, and there may be again. Those of our
patriotic citizens, then, who make great, sacrifices
of time and money, to prepare themselves to an-
swer the calls of the General Government and
State governments, in all times of difficulty and
danger, and who hold themselves in readiness at
all times, to act as the guardians of private right,
and the avengers of public wrong, as the conserv-
ators of the public weal, are entitled to the coun-
tenance and encouragement of the Government.
Among the powers granted by the Constitution
to Congiess, also, is clearly included the power to
preset ibe the system of discipline to be observed and
practiced by the militia; reserving to the States
respectively, the rigut to govern the militia, (ex-
cept such part of them as may at any time be in i
the service of the United States,) with the power I
to appoint officers, and to train them according to |
the discipline prescribed by Congress. j
In pursuance of this power, the act of Congress 1
of May 12.h, 1820, provides that the system of i
discipline and field exeieise, which is and shall
be observed by the 'regular army of the United !
States, in the different corps of infantry, artillery,
and riflemen, shall also be observed by the militia
in the exercise and discipline of these corps, re-
spectively, throughout the United States, it can
hardly, however, be expected, although this law is
imperative upon the States, that it will be generally
observed, unless Congiess shall discharge its fur-
ther duty of furnishing the means or opportunity
for the States, or its officers of the militia, to ascer-
tain what that system of discipline and field exer-
cise is; and it is for this purposed—for the purpose
of giving effect, to some extent, to the existing
laws—to the powers and duties clearly contemplated
in the Constitution to be exercised by Congress,
and which we concieve to be its duty to exercise,
that the Committee on the Militia have recommended
this small appropriation for the purchase and dis-
tribution among the States, according to the num-
ber of their militia, of some concise work of
military tactics and regulations, according to the
system observed by the regular army.
Without the encouragement and action of Con-
gress, each State will adopt some system, good or
bad; and the consequencc will be an entire absence
of general system with which the militia of differ-
ent Slates may acquaint themselves, and thus be
fitted, in case of necessity, for serving with the
troops of any other State, or of the United States.
Volunteers, and, as I before remarked, the mili-
tia, have been called upon in defence of the country,
to act in conjunction with the regular forces of the
United States, and may be again. When these
troops serve together, they constitute but one
national force. Their operations arc directed b"y
the same head—they are governed by the same
articles of war—the details for detachment, guard,
or any other service, are made from them equally;
they are in truth blended together, as much as are
the troops of the regular army when acting by
themselves separately. It is, therefore, important
that a system of instruction, brief, clear, and con-
formable to the regulations governing the regular
troops, should be readily accessible to them, to
enable the militia officer, whom the common ne-
cessity may call to the epmmon defence, to bring
his corps into line with instructed regulars, without
any marked distinction, other than such as the
want of time and opportunity may readily account
for.
.All acknowledge that a uniform system of disci-
pline is highly essential to the efficiency of mili-
tary bodies; and this small appropriation will aid
in securing uniformity and sufficiency in the mili-
tia, towards which our country must ultimately
look for defence against foreign invasion and
domestic difficulties. I am aware that a disposi-
tion has been evinced of late years in the commu-
nity to suffer the militia to fall into utter disorgani-
zation; our forefathers, however, considered a well-
organized and efficient national militia as the most
appropriate and legitimate defence of a free, high-
minded, and enlightened people.
They would have looked upon the prevalent
disposition, to which I have alluded, as alarming,
and it is truly so; for if it is not arrested, it must
inevitably result in a heavy increased peace estab-
lishment, of which, it seems to me, we have had
warning the present session, especially within a
few days past, from the very large amount of our
army, navy, and fortification appropriations.
There is no such thing, there never was, from the
foundation of social society, such a thing as a civil
government without a physical force of some sort
for its support—the question is not, therefore,
whether we shall have any military force, but what
that force shall be
Sir, this formidable arm of our defence, the mili-
tia, against a large standing army, should not be left
to degenerate into inefficiency and insignificance,
or to be sustained only by the exertions of the
public-spirited military men, or occasional and
partial contributions of patriotic States, or any other
accidental circumstances; for if it is so left, it must
be finally wholly destroyed. Our best and surest
defence in all times of real danger, trouble, and
difficulty, ought not to be entirely overlooked; and
yet, while there is no portion of our defence more
important or essential for the preservation of the
rights and liberties of the American people, there
is none l*ss encouraged and fostered, either by the:
General Government or most of the State govern-
ments. While countless millions have been and
are being expended upon the army and navy, upon
fortifications and objects of interna! improvement,
and while, sir, this very year, in a time of profound
peace, we are making such large appropiations for
thearmy and navy, amounting to over $17,000,000,
and that not near the amount asked for, while
countless thousands—mi'hons, I mi^ht almost say
—have been appropriated, and are being appropri-
ated for the purchase and distribution of books,
accomplishing objects not half so important as
this, not to be compared with it; while we have
on our sfatute book a law making it imperative
upon the officers of the different corps of infantry,
artillery, and riflemen, to train their companies
according to the system of discipline and exercise
of the regular army of the United States,—I hope
Congress will not refuse to fprnish them the means
and opportunity of ascertaining what that system
of discipline and field exercise is. If is not fit or
becoming for the law-makers of a free people to
imitate, in any respect,-the example of a tyrant,
who exacted obedience, under severe penalties, of
edicts or laws which he posted so high or wrote so
illegibly, that none could know what they were.
Mr. SACKETT moved to amend the amend-
ment, by striking out the word " tactics5' and in-
serting 44 The Plough, Loom, and Anvil."
The CHAIRMAN ruled the amendment out of
order.
The question was taken, and the amendment of
Mr. Peaslee was rejected.
Mr. MEADE moved the following as an addi-
tional section:
" Jiiul he it further enacted, That it Mini) be the riutv of
the Secretary of War to order the discharge of anv soldier
of the army of the United States, who at the time of his
enlistment was under the age of twenty-one years, upon
evidence being produced to Iiim that such enlistment was
without the consent of ins parent ar guardian."
Mr. RUMSEY made the point that the amend-
ment was not in order, as it did not propose an
appropriation.
The CHAIRM AN overruled the point of order.
The question being on agreeing to the amend-
ment—
Mr. MEADE said, at the instance of the Judi-
ciary Committee, he had drawn up this proppsi-
don as a joint resolution, it arose out of a case
of a citizen of Pennsylvania, whose son, at the
age of 17, had joined the army on the frontiers of
Texas. He explained the piesent provision of
law for the discharge of infants, inconsiderately
joining the army, by habeas corpus, and the diffi-
culties attending this remedy, and urged the prop-
osition as presenting a better mode of relief.
He explained the peculiar hardships of the case
referred to, and urged thejustice and propriety of
the provision.
The question was then taken, and the amend-
ment was agreed to.
Mr. STANTON, of Kentucky, moved to add
the following section:
" Be it Jut titer enacted, That the 9ih section of the act
of the 11th of February, 1847. entitled 'An act to raise ad-
ditional militaiy force, and for oiher purposes,' shall be so
concerned as to allow bounty land to every soldier who
served in Mexico, in the proportions prescribed by said act,
whether lie was discharged at his own  equest or for his
own convenience, unless the rolls show that he was dishon-
orably discharged."
Mr. BURTTsubmitted that the amendment was
not in order, on the ground that it proposed a
change of the law relative to bounty lands.
Mr. STANTON (amid cries of order) said, the
amendmcntdid.not seek to change an existing law,
but to overrule an arbitrary decision of one of the
departments, which had operated with great hard-
ship upon many of our patriotic citizens.
The CHAIRMAN ruled the amendment out of
order.
Section 3 being under consideration, as follows:
"Sec. 3. jind be it further enacted, That the moneys
winch ma> be received by the proper officeis of the army
fur the sales oi subsistence, military store*, and other sup-
plier, be, and they are hereby, exempted fiom ilie operation
of the act of the 3d oi March, J&19, entitled 'An act squiring
ail moneys, received from the customs and ail other mjuiccs,
to be paid into the Treasury, without abatement or reduc-
tion.' "
Mr. OTIS moved to strike out the section.
Mr. BAYLY said, it ought not to be stricken
out. The law which required all receipts to go into
the Treasury and be reappropriated, ought not
to be applied to the army. He explained, that
when the army moved from one place to another,
the stores were frequently sold, and with the re-
ceipts were repurchased when located at the next
station The Secretary of War and General Gib-
son had both urgently recommended this provision,
and had represented the great mconvenienccs which
resulted from requiring the general law to be ap-
plied in this case, under which all these small sums
must be deposited in the Treasury, and reappro-
priated. ♦
Mr. STEVENS, of Pennsylvania, inquired, in
case this law were repealed to the extent proposed,
if there would remain any law regulating the dis-
position, &c., of these stores?
Mr. BAYLY replied in the affirmative, and
stated that the section proposed 6p repeal only
the law which required all moneys received to be
deposited in the Treasury, and reappi opi iated, in
so far a§ said law applied to sales of furniture,
stores, &c
The amendment was not agreed to.
The bill having been read through—
Mr. BAYLY moved that the committee rise and
report the bill.
Pending this motion 
Mr. BURT moved the following amendment, to
come in at the end of the last section:
"And that the pay and emoluments of the Superintendent
of the United States Militaiy Academy shall m no cate be
)p?s than the pay and emoluments allowed by law to the
Professor oi Natural and Experimental Philosophy."
He said the amendment was very earnestly rec-
ommended by the Secretary of War. It was
more imperatively required at this time by the re-
cent increase of salaries of professors at West
Point. Their salai les had all been increased, and
the superintendent's salary, which was altogether
inadequate, remaining unaltered, that officer felt
himself degraded.
