1850.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
1&8I
The question^ Will the House concur in the
amendment of the Senate.'" was taken, and de-
cided in the negative.
So the House refused to strikeout the words.
Some conversation ensued upon a point of order,
in which Messrs. THOMPSON of Mississippi,
HOUSTON, BAYLY, JONES, VINTON, and
the Chairman participated.
The question then was on inserting the follow-
ing amendment of the Senate:
".And it is hereby declared that, according to the true in-
terpretation of the third section of the act entitled f An act
allowing compensation to the memhersof the Senate, mem-
bers of tiie House of Representatives of the United States,
and to the Delegates of the Territories, and repealing all
other laws on that subject,* approved twenty-second Janu-
ary, eighteen hundred and eighteen, all certificates which
have been or may be granted by the presiding officers ot the
Senate and the House of Representatives respectively of
the amount of compensation due to the members of tbeir
several Houses, and to such Delegates, are, and ought to
be deemed, held, and taken, and are hereby declared lo be,
conclusive upon all the departments and officers of the
Government of the United States."
Mr. BAYLY said, the Committee of Ways and
Means recommend a concurrence in this amend-
ment.
The question was taken, and the amendment
wag concurred in.
Amendment No. 2 of the Senate. Strike out
from the clause appropriating for the compensa-
tion of the officers and clerks of both Houses of
Congress, " $39,557 50,"and insert" $41,91326."
-Mr. BAYLY. The Committee of Ways and
Means recommend a concurrence in this amend-
ment.
The question was taken, and it was concurred in.
Amendment No. 3 of the Senate. Strike out
the following proviso: ^
" Provided, That the members of the present House of
Representatives shall be allowed $45 for stationery lor the
first, and $>35 lor the second session."
On the recommendation of the Committee of
Ways and Means, concurred in.
Amendment No. 4 of the Senate. Strikeout
"thirtieth" and twenty-sixth" in the date of
the law regulating the international exchanges of
documents of Congress.
The amendment was concurred in.
Amendment No. 5 of the Senate. To strike out
the following:
"To enable the Clerk of the House of Representatives
to furnish and deliver to each of ihij members and delegates
of that House, of the present Congress, who have not already
received them, such hooks as have been turnished to the
members of the 28th, 29th, and 30th Congiesses, including to
all members and delegates of the present House, the residue
of the eighth volume ot the statutes ot the United States,
already published, the ninth volume of tnat work, and the
index; also, the collected opinionsofthe Attorney* Geneial
of the United States, published under the direction of H.
D. Gilpin, Esq., late Attorney General, and Finance Re-
ports, which have been prepared in obedience to the act of
Congress of May 10th, 1800, $30,0o0: Provided, That rhis
shall not authorize the reprinting of any of said books; arid
the Cleik shall, before said books are delivered to members
entitled to receive them, cause each copy to be marked or
stamped in some ineffaceable manner, on the cover and
title page, with the name of the member receiving the
same : J2nd jhoviJed, further, That no work thus authorized
to be furnished shall he obtained or delivered by the Clerk
unless he shall be able to procure a sufficient number of
copies thereof to furnish a complete set to each member and
delegate entitled thereto"—
And to insert in lieu thereof the following:
"For addition to the contingent fuud of the House of
Representatives, $30,0U0."
Mr. BAYLY. The Committee of Ways and
Means recommend a concurrence.
The question was put and the amendment was
concurred in. ^
Amendment No. 6 of the Senate. Strike out
<lfive thousand" and insert" one thousand" in the
clause appropriating for the compensation ofthe
Vice President of the United States.
Mr. BAYLY. The Committee of Ways and
Means recommend a concurrence.
Mr. JONES explained that the appropriation
was intended to cover the salary of Mr. Fillmore
to the end of his Vice Presidency; and that one
thousand dollars was sufficient for that purpose.
There was no Vice President, he said, now, and
therefore an appropriation for that office was un-
necessary. The President of the Senate was paid
as such, $16 per day out of the general appropria-
tion for the per diem of the Senators and Repre-
sentatives.
The question was put, and the amendment was
concuired in.
Amendments Nos. 7 and 8 of the Senate. Strike
out the following:
" For the incidental and contingent expenses of said de-
partment, [of State,j viz: For publishing in newspapers of
the State* and Territories the laws of the United States,
$10,850 ;" and insert— -
"For publishing the laws in pamphlet form, and in the
newspapers of the Slates and Territories, and in the city of
Washington, $18,200."
Messrs. BAYLY and JONES explained that the
Senate had merely embodied in one clause two
clauses of the bill as it had^passed the House, con-
templating the same object. The Committee of
Ways and Means recommended, a concurrence
The question was severally put on the two
amendments and they were concurred in.
Amendment No. 9 of the Senate proposed to
insert "seven hundred" after the word thousand
in the following clause:
" For compensation of superintendent and four watchmen
ofthe northeast executive building, one thousand and ten
dollars."
Mr. BAYLY. The Committee of Ways and
Means directed me to recommend a disagreement
to this amendment.
The question was put, and the amendment was
non-concurred in.
Amendment No. 10 of the Senate. To reduce
the appropriation for furniture in the office of the
First Comptroller from $500 to $100.
Mr. BAYLY. The Committee of Ways and
Means recommend a concurrence.
The question was put, and the amendment was
concurred in.
Autendn^nt No. 11 of the Senate. Add to the
item—
"For cases for recoids, documents, and official papers
preserved in the office [of the Fiist Auditor,] and necessary
furniture, $1,000;" the woids—
" And tor $200 in addition to the salary now received by
the recording clerk in the First Auditor's office.
Mr. BAYLY explained that this recording
clerk now received but $800 per annum. The
amendment was to increase it to $1,000 The
Committee of Ways and Means recommend that
it be not concurred'in; but that is not my own
opinion. 1 think it ought to be concurred in.
The question was put, and the amendment was
concurred in—ayes 70, noes not counted.
Amendment No. 12 of the Senate. Strike out
the " $18,700" in the following clause:
"For compensation of Commissioner of Indian Affairs,
and the cieiks, messengers, and assistant in his office,
<118,700.
And add as follows:
u Including the sum of $1,109 8G due and lo be paid to
Geoige Xt. Herrick, for services heretofore peiioimed
under the sixteenth clause of the act of May 9th, 1836, enti-
tled ' An act providing lor the salaries of certain officers
therein named, and tor other purposes,' $iy,8U9 8b."
Mr. BAYLY. The Committee of Ways and
Means recommend that the amendment be notcon-
eurred in.
Mr. HAYMOND made some remark not un-
derstood.
Mr. VINTON explained that the effect of the
amendment was to put in what is really the private
claim of Mr. Herrick—a' claim which the Commit-
tee of Ways and Means had rejected. The com-
mittee believe it to be a private claim and that it
should not go m the bill.
Mr. HUNTER differed. He maintained that
the amendment was intended merely to give the
construction to the law which was intended by
those who enacted it.
After some further remarks by Messrs. VINTON
and HUNTER,
The question was put, and the amendment was
non-concurred in.
Amendment No 13 of the Senate. To strike
out " $5,000," and to insert " $1,0U0'' in the item
apropnating $5,000 for the library, maps, &c., for
the office of the Secretary of the Interior.
Mr. BAYLY. The "Committee of Ways and
Means directed me to recommend a concurrence m
the amendment.
Mr. VINTON expressed a hope that the amend-
ment of the Senate be non-concurred in. He
stated that there was a necessity for the original
provision of $5,000 for the purchase of a library
for the Department of the Interior.
Mr. JONES hoped that the amendment would
be concurred in. A better library could be ob-
tained if the proper books were purchased from
time to time, than by placing a large sum at once
in the hands of an agent, to be expended at his
discretion.
Mr. VAN DYKE moved that the committee
rise; which question was put, and disagreed to.
The question was then taken, and the amend-
ment was concurred in.
Mr. HOUSTON moved that the committee rise,
in order to submit a motion that the House take a
recess.
The question was then taken on the motion 
ayes 64, noes 35.
The committee then rose and reported progress.
Mr. BAYLY moved that the rules be suspend-
ed, and that the House resolve itself into Com-
mittee of the Whole on the state of the Union.
All the mischief that had ever been dohe (he said)
in Congress since he was here, had been done in
night sessions.
Mr. McdUEEN moved that the House adjourn.
The House refused to adjourn.
Mr. HOUSTON desired to move that the House
take a recess until six o'clock.
The SPEAKER. The motion is not in order
except under a suspension of the rules.
The question recurred on the motion of Mr.
Bayly, that the House resolve itself into Com-
mittee of the Whole on the state of the Union.
Mr. MEADE desired to move that when the
House adjourns, it adjourn to meet at ten o'clock
to-morrow morning.
The SPEAKER said, the Chair had heretofore
ruled that that motion was not a privileged ques-
tion.
The question again recurred on the motion of
Mr. Bayly.
Mr. VINTON, (to the Speaker.) Isit in order
to move to take a recess?
The SPEAKER. The Chair has stated that the
motion is not in order except under a suspension
of the rules, and that motion cannot now be made,
because there is already a motion pending to sus-
pend the rules, for the puiposeof going into Com-
mittee of the Whole on the state of the Union.
The question was then taken on the motion of
Mr. Bayly, and decided in the negative.
So the House refused to go into Committee of
the Whole on the state of the Union.
Mr. HOUSTON moved a suspension of the
rules to enable him to move that the House take a
recess until six o'clock.
Messrs. BAYLY and JONES asked the yeas
and nays; which were refused.
Mr. ASHE moved that the House adjourn.
The House refused to adjourn.
The question recurred on the motion to suspend
the rules. Tellers were asked and ordered.
Mr. BURT expressed his doubts whether there
was a quorum, and suggested that the House
should resolve itself into Committee ofthe Whole
on the state of the Union, and so remain until
seven o'clock.
Mr. VINTON said a quorum could not be got
here within the next two hours.
Mr. JONES inquired of the gentleman whether
he supposed any quorum could be got here to-
night?
Mr. MEADE suggested that the House should
adjourn until to-morrow .at te.n o'clock.
Messrs. Venable and Wentworth were ap-
pointed tellers.
The question, "Shall the rules be suspended?"
was taken, and the tellers reported—ayes 80, noes
32. No quorum.
Mr. BAYLY. That is the way it will be all
night.
Mr. THOMPSON, of Mississippi, moved that
the House adjourn.
Tellers were asked and ordered on the motion to
adjourn, and Messrs Butler of Connecticut, and
Featherston were appointed.
The question was taken, and the tellers re-
ported—ayes 05, noes 45.
So the House adjourned.
[The St-nate proceedings of this day will be found Mer
the House proceedings ol Friday.j
HOUSE OP REPRESENTATIVES.
Friday, September 27, 1850.
The Journal of yesterday was read and approved.
Mr. BAYLY. I move that the rules be sus-
pended, and that the House resolve itself into
Committee of the Whole on the state of the Union.
ESTATE OF THE LATE HON. HENRY NES.
Mr. STEVENS, of Pennsylvania, appealed to
the gentleman from Virginia [Mr. Bayly] to
waive the motion to go into.Committee of the
Whole on the state of the Union for a few mo-
