1850.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
887
retrace the steps he had so nobly taken in the exe-
cution of a scheme which seemed to have enlisted
his feelings so deeply when first invited to afford
it his countenance. After that letter to Lady
Franklin had been published, and had awakened
so much commendation from the Whig press of
the country, and after the admiration of the civil-
ized world had been to some extent acquired by
the Executive of the nation in consequence of this
letter, the publication of which had imparted a
sort of eclatto those in power, I confess that I
was sorely smitten with mortification, to use no
stronger language, when I presently saw it an-
nounced that the Government had resolved to have
nothing further to do with the affair at all. My
mortification was deepened still more when I found
that the Government had abandoned its own de-
liberately-planned scheme, on the ground of its
want of ability to execute it. I know, sir, that
the honor of the nation has seriously suffered
from the circumstances which I have mentioned,
nor do 1 think that any who hear me will feel in-
clined to doubt that such is the fact. Although i
have for some time past entertained this view of
the matter, yet 1 certainly had no intention of
complaining, or of uttering a syllable which might
annoy the sensibilities of gentlemen here or else-
where. i was constrained to do so by the unex-
pected course which the debate of the present hour
has taken. I am confident that there are but few
considerate men in the Republic who will not'
agree with me, that it is at least quite unfortunate
that the President and his Cabinet did not look
with a keener scrutiny into the practicability of
carrying out their original resolve before it was so
imposingly announced to the world, or that, after
its announcement, they did not carry it into effect
without the least delay.
The honorable Senator from New Jersey seems
to suspect me of envying the renown which is
about to be acquired by Mr. Grinnell, and has not
hesitated to accuse me of employing the language
of detraction in regard to him. Sir, he is in gross
mistake upon both points. I envy neither Mr.
Giinnell nor any other human being, renown ac-
quired, or renown anticipated; nor have I designed
to employ a single word in depreciation of Mr.
Grinnell or his undertaking. I do not know this
gentleman; but I do not doubt his merits, so fully
attested as they are before us; nor do I question
the purity and elevation of his motives. I am ac-
cused also of illiberally seeking; to secure all the
glory of the projected expedition to the Govern-
ment, to the detriment of the generous-spirited
person who has been willing to ad vance so largely
from his own fortune in furtherance of this phi-
lanthropic scheme. This is to misrepresent me
most grossly. I am not desirous of depriving
Mr. Grinnell of'any part of the glory which he
may be ambitious of acquiring. 1 am chiefly so-
licitous to save the Government from the dishonor
of playing a poor secondary part in an enterprise
in which, if it shall participate at all, it should
embark alone, upon its own responsibility, at its
own risk of men and money, and everything be-
side, which the intended expedition may require.
But the honorable Senator from New Jersey
urges us to immediate action, and insists that the
least delay in acting upon the resolution before us,
may be fata! to the whole scheme which he de-
sires so ardently to accomplish, f cannot perceive
the necessity of acting with such extraordinary
promptitude; and I am somewhat surprised that
we should be now so vehemently solicited to act
at once, and without the ordinary opportunity for
examination an interchange of opinion upon a
measure which, to say the least, is justly subject
to not a few objections, which appear to me to be
more than plausible in their character. Sir, the
honorable Senator from New Jersey should have
evinced some part of the solicitude for immediate
action now evinced by him, some months ago; but
so far as I know, he has remained perfectly cool
and unexcited for the last twelve months—even
since the correspondence with Lady Franklin saw
the light, as well as before—and has reserved all
his zeal in behalf of the expedition, and all his
sympathy in behalf of the distinguished navigator,
whose long absence from-his home and family we
all deplore, in order to exhibit it now, when all
hope of accomplishing the deliverance of Sir John
Franklin has wellnigh grown extinct in both hem-
ispheres. It is certainly a little unfortunate that
the honorable gentleman's sympathies were not
called into energetic action somewhat earlier, as he
might doubtless have done much good, if his pres-
ent efforts could have been made at a more season-
able period.
But another honorable Senator over the way
[Mr. Seward] has taken it upon himself to urge
that the mode of doing any particular thing is not
very important, and, with something of a display
of philosophic gravity, he recommends to us, as a
rule for the guidance of our conduct in general, that
if we cannot attain a desired object in the mode
preferred by ourselves, to be contented with at-
taining it in such other mode as may turn out to
be most convenient. Now, I differ with the hon-
orable gentleman materially upon this somewhat
delicate point. I am of opinion that the mode of
doing a thing, the manner m which an object de-
sirable in itself may be attained, is almost as im-
portant a matter as the thing which is sought. A
good object, accomplished by improper means,
looses its intrinsic character entirely. Those ob-
jects which most awaken the ambitious aspirations
of men, become utterly valueless in the estimation
of all virtuous minds when it is found that they
can only be reached by the performance of acts of
a nature dishonoring to personal character. To
illustrate: a speech delivered in this body, or else-
where, may be, and doubtless is, a very excellent
thing in itself, but the most eloquent harangue,
prepared for the accomplishment of low and vicious
purposes, and replete with impure, profane,
or demoralizing sentiment, which chances to be
delivered in a cold and unnatural manner; in the
judgment of all right-minded men, becomes in the
one case a positive curse, and in the other more an
object of diseustthan of admiration. It is the man-
ner in which it is proposed that the Government
shall embark in this enterprise to which I object,
and I flatter myself I have stated objections on this
head which will not be wholly disregarded by the
members of this body, though it is evident that
honorable gentlemen are already too far commit-
ted to wariant anything like a strong hope that
this ill-omened measure will be now arrested in its
course
Mr. PEARCE. It seems to me, Mr. President,
that the Senator from Mississippi has done great
injustice to the President of the United States, in
the remarks which he has just made. He says
that the " Executive has failed to redeem the prom-
ises which he made to Lady Franklin, and has
retreated disgracefully from the scheme so boldly
adopted."
Mr. FOuTE, (interposing.) I would suggest
to the honorable Senator that 1 did not say " the
Executive had retreated disgracefully."
Mr. PEARCE. I certainly so understood the
honorable Senator.
Mr. FOOTE. I said that the Executive had
" retreated" from the position which he had taken,
and not that he had " retreated disgracefully."
Mr. PEARCE. I certainly understood the
Senator as saying that the Executive had retreated
disgracefully. The word must have escaped him
without his perceiving it. He, however, charges
the Executive with having failed to redeem prom-
ises which he made. Now, sir, it requires only a
little examination of the facts to show that the Ex-
ecutive has made no promises which he has not
redeemed, has entered into no scheme from which
he has retreated. We all recollect that the appli-
cation of Lady Franklin was made to the President
of the United States in April of last year. It was
promptly replied to by the Secretary of State on the
partof the President. Now, sir, what promise was
made in thatlettei ? It is to that letter and to that
j letter alone, that we are to look for any promise of
' the Executive. It is to that letter to which we are
1 to look for any scheme, if any was proposed. In
i that letter the Secretary of State very properly ex-
pressed to Lady Franklin the sympathy which her
1 appeal had excited in the bosom of the President
| of the United States, and assured her of his con-
j viction that the whole people of the United States
| responded with like sympathy to that appeal. But
I what promise did he make? He assured her that
! the Government of the United States would take
j measures to circulate her appeal far and wide
| among the people of the United States, among its
i navigators, and particularly among its whalers,
i He also assured her that the Executive would
take means to circulate, equally widely, all the
information in his possession which would be of
any service to our navigators in the search which
it was proposed to them to make for those lost
mariners, and that all that the Executive govern-
ment of the United States could do, within the
range of its constitutional powers, it would prompt-
ly do, in Order to meet this call upon the^skill, en-
terprise, and courage of American navigators. That
is the prormsb—the whole promise. None other
can be found in any letter that passed between
the Executive of the United States and Lady
.Franklin,orany otherpublished document. What,
then, did the President do? He directed certain
naval officers to examine and report whether
there were any ships in the naMr of the Uni-
ted States that would be fit and prefer to send on
an exploration of this kind. Those officers re-
ported that there were no such ships in the navy of
the United States, The President was satisfied
(and every member of Congress must know such
to be the case) that there was no appropriation
which could be applied to the purchasing and
equipping vesseU for this purpose. Now, sir, it
may he that Lady Franklin was not sufficiently
acquainted with our constitutional form of Govern-
ment, and the limited powers of our Execuiive, to
understand precisely the amount of the general as-
surance given by the Secretary of State, in his letter
to her m behalf of the President, that the Executive
would promptly do whatever his constitutional
powers authoiized him to do in this matter. She may
liave supposed that the Executive of this country
had as much power as the Crown ofGreat Britain,
and that, if he had a disposition to employ a naval
force for that purpose, he might do so without any
application to Congress, if such was her impres-
sion, it must be charged to her want of acquaint-
ance with the constitutional forms of our Govern-
ment and the powers of our Executive. But,
ceitainly, it is not to be implied from that letter that
the President of the United States possessed the
power constitutionally to send out such an expe-
dition as that which she desired, and which it
would have giatified the President to dispatch on
this errand of humanity. The letter is not, how-
ever, capable of such a construction. It gives a
very cautious promise—a promise to do that which,
in the exercise of his constitutional power, the Ex-
ecutive had a right to do.
The President sought to ascertain whether it
was within the means of the Executive to send out
such an expedition. He found that it was not.
But if he had sent out such a one, he would have
been denounced as violating that Constitution,
I which limited his power so much more narrowly
j than those of other countries limited the power of
their Executives. What next did the President
do? Why, almost as soon as Congress was or-
ganized, he sent a communication to us, dated the
4th of January, I think, in which he sent us copies
of the letter of Lady Franklin, and the Secretary
of State's reply, and of the correspondence with
Mr. Crampton, the British Charge d'Affaires.
Here was an appeal made directly to Congress,
and if there is anything discreditable to the Gov-
ernment of the United States in their failure to
send out an expedition for the relief of these un-
fortunate mariners, the discredit should attach, not
to the Executive, but to the Congress of the United
States, and the Senator from Mississippi must bear
the discredit equally with, every other member of
the Senate.
I understood the honorable Senator to ask the
Senator from New Jersey [Mr. Miller] why he
-had not intioduced some pioject of this kind be-
foie; why he had not done this two yeats ago, or
one year ago ? I will answer for the Senator from
New Jersey. Theie was no call then for the
sympathy of any people for the rescue of Sir
John Franklin* His cruise had not then been so
prolonged, as to require any extraordinary exer-
tions to search for him. But just as promptly as
the attention of Congress could be called to this
subject, it was called to it by the President of the
United States. If we have failtd to afford that
sympathy which we promised, the discredit rests
with us, the Congress, and each one of us must
take our share of it. Sir, it was competent for
the Congress of the United States to put means
into the hands of the Piesident, to carry out
this liberal and benevolent desire—not scheme,
because no scheme was entertained by him. The
failure is ours, and the discredit attaches to us. I
hope the Senator from Mississippi will perceive
that he has done injustice to the President of the
United States, and will recall it.
