THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
May I,
Mr YULEE., Mr/President—-
Mr FQOFE. I trust my friend will allow me
for a moment to reply to the Senator from Mary-
land. " . #
Mr. YULEE. Certainly.
Mr. FOOTE. Mr. President, I thought I had
been extremely circumspect in my rematks this
morning, and certainly I had no disposition to Say
anything offensive to the President or anybody
else; but, somehow or other, I am so unfortunate
as not to be able to say anything that is not mis-
apprehended by some member of this body. I
certainly havagot intended to say one word of un-
Jcmdness or (^discourtesy towards the President.
The members of this body and the country at
large, if they*have done me the honor to look at
my poor doings here, are perfectly aware of the
fact that I have at no time manifested a disposition
to present what may be called a factious opposi-
tion to the Administration. Prom the day of the
inauguration of President Taylor, 1 have never
used language in lelation to him either disrespect-
ful or unkind, nor have I been otherwise than
courteous and forbearing towards the members of
his Cabinet. When speaking of their acts 1 have
felt bound to employ none but proper and parlia-
mentary language; nor have 1 used any other lan-
gunge on this occasion. 1 did not say, as I have
been understood as saying by the honorable Sen'
ator from Maryland—at least I certainly did not
intend to say—that the conduct $f the President
had been at all of a disgraceful character. Had 1
employed so harsh a term, I should have used
language at variance with those sentiments of per-
sonal esteem which I have ever desired to cherish
for the First Magistrate of the Republic, i did
declare, in language which 1 deemed both parlia-
mentary and proper, that the injudicious manner
in which this whole affair had been conducted,
from the beginning to the present moment, must
result in more or less of national discredit. That
was the fullest extent of the language used by me,
if indeed 1 used language such as I designed to
employ. I did not call in question either the mo-
tives, patriotism, or capacity of the President; and
the harshest observation which fell from me was
to suggest the probability of his having yielded
too much to the generous impulses of the moment,
and been thus inveigled into promising more than
he was really able to execute*, and that this,
though quite amiable in itself, and not to be
harshly censured, was yet unfottunate for the
country, and not exactly in harmony with the
principles of stern and solid statesmanship. This
is the extent of my repiehensions, if indeed I
have used terms of reprehension at all. How,
under the circumstances existing, I could say less
than I did, 1 am not able to understand Enter-
taming a decided opinion that the particular act
of the Administration to which I referred was
unfortunate, and not well considered before it had
been icsolved upon, I am not able to discover
how I could have declared this opinion in lan-
guage less exceptionable, or which would have
been more agreeable to the tastes of honorable
gentlemen here.
if gentlemen wish me to praise the President
and his Cabinet for doing that which 1 hold it not
proper to do; if they demand that I should com-
mend the Executive for what I conceive to be one
of the unfortunate acts of this Administration, \\
(and all Administrations must commit some unfor-
tunate acts;) if they wish me to say, as 1 said in
the first place, that it was a gratifying thing to me,
as it certainly was, to see ihe letter addressed by
the Secretary to Lady Franklin, and published in
the newspapers of the country; and then, in the
next breath, say that it was equally gratifying to
me to find that the promises clearly intimated in
that letter were, after all, not to be realized; if they
wished me to say that 1 approved of the original \
determination of' the President to fit oat vessels for 1
the execution of this scheme, and that, notwith- j
standing, I equally approved afterwards that a |
year was sufleitd to elapse without employing the i
necessary means of currying this geneious design \
into execution,—they ask more army hands than '
I am wihing to perform, even to secure their ap-
probation ; because, sir, I should, by pursuing such
a zigzag and inconsistent course, involve myself in
conuadictions and ^absurdities which would be;
profoundly disgraceful to me arid deserving of pub- j
he reprobation, iiut the Senator says that no |
such pi onuses as those to which I have referred i
were made by the Executive. I ask leave of him
to say that in this he is clearly mistaken. Distinet
promises were made, and they were understood to
be promises by the whole civilized world. What
is the language of Lady Franklin, in her letter to
the President, inviting his attention to the unfor-
tunate condition of her husband? I will read an
extract or two from her letter, in order to ascertain
the real meaning of the answer to that letter, pre-
pared and published under the official signature of
the Secretary of State. It will not do to tear a
single letter, as the honorable Senator from IVIary-
land hasdotie, from the correspondence with which
it stands connected, in order to determine its proper
interpretation. We must have the whole corre-
spondence before us, in order to understand its veri-
table import. Now, in the letter of Lady Frank-
lin, after referring to a great variety of details,not
necessary to be brought to notice on the present
occasion, this language is used:
" The Board of Admiralty, under a conviction of this fact,
has been induced to offer a reward of £20,000 sterling to
any ship or ships, of any country, or to any exploring party
whatever, which shall render efficient assistance to the
missing ships,or their crews, or to any portion of them."
It will be seen presently what she intended, and
what she desired and expected this Government
to do:
" This announcement, which; even if the sum had been
doubled or trehled, would have met with public approbation,
comes, however, too late for our whalers, which had unfor-
tunately sailed before it w s ts&ued, arid which, even if the
ne*ws should overtake them at their fulling grounds, are
totally unfitted tor any prolonged adventure, having only a
tvw months' provision on board, and no additional clothing.
To the American whalers, boih in the Atlantic and Pacific,
[ look with more hope, as competitors for the prize, being
well aware of their numbeis and strength, their thorough
equipment,and the bold spirit ol enterpuse which animates
their crews. But I venture to look even beyond these. I
am not without hope that >ou will deem it not unworthy of
a great and kindred nation to take up the cause of humanity
which I plead, in a national spirit, and thus* generously make
itj-ourown."
Not that we would " take up the cause of hu-
manity" after twelve months should have elapsed
from the reception of her letter, and her reception
of the answer to that letter; not that we should
limit our action to following the lead of some pri-
vate individual, however respectable, and playing
a mere subordinate part in this great national pro-
ject; but that we should go into it, as a great and
magnanimous nation, acting in a ".national spirit"
—making all the glory of the undeitaking our
own, now and foiever. Why, I presume to say,
sir, that the very eloquent language of Lady
Franklin is, in substance, correspondent with what
1 have had the honor of urging upon this occasion;
indeed, 1 could not say anything which would
more efficiently sustain the position which I have j
assumed ifi this debate, than does the eloquent
language of this accomplished lady. She says
further:
<k I must here, in gratitude, adduce the example of the
imperial Ru-sian Government, which, a  1 am led to hope
by hi-5 excellency, the Russian ambassador in Loudon, who
forwarded a lrieinoiia) on the subject, will send out explo-
ring parties this summer, from the Asiatic side of behrmg's
strait northward, m search of the loot vessels."
Here is the plan which she indicated, and we
shall see presently how the Secretary responded
to it:
" Tt would (she says) be a noble spectacle to the. world,
if three greaf nations, po-sessed ot the v. idest empires on
the face ot the globe, were thus to unite their efforts in the
truly Christian work of saving their perishing ttllow-men
from destruction."
The idea here is clearly presented, that the task
to be executed is not to be that of a private citizen
of the United States, or of this Government sim-
ply cooperating with a private individual, but of
the Government itself, carrying it on in a real na-
tional spiiit.
iSow, how runs the letter in reply to this? I
will merely read an extract or two to elucidate
the point now under consideration. In Mr. Clay-
ton's letter, dated April 25th, 1849, to Lady
Franklin, it is said:
"The appoal made in the letter with which you have
honored him, is such as would strongly enh-t the syrup*- 1
i tines of the rulers and the people of any portion of the cjv- 1
j lUr.ed world.7'
; The word " rulers" in this letter, I well recol-
{ lect, was, at the time of its first appearance, ob-
! jected to by some of the Democratic presses of
: the countiy. it was supposed that our Govern-
mentwas becoming a little too national, if not even
| monarchical, in its tendencies; though, I confess,
1 i did not myself see any great impropriety in
such a use of the word rulers; but all will recol-
lect that the peculiar phraseology of the letter was
such as to attract particular attention at the time,
and to convey the impression of nationality in a
manner most emphatic indeed. Indeed, it seems
to me, that if ever there was a letter which could
be called a national one, and written in a thor-
oughly national spirit, it is this same letter of the
Secretary of State. From it I read as follows:
"To the citizens of the United States, who share so
largely in the emotions which agitate the-public mind of
jour own country, the name of Sir John Franklin i a> been
ende red by his heroic virtues, and the suffering* and sacri-
fices which he has encounteied for the benefit ol mankind.
The appeal ot his wife and daughter in their distrtf-s, has
b en borne across the waters, asking the assistance ot a
kindred people to save the biave men who embarked in th s
unfortunate expedition, and the people of the United States,
who have watched with the deepest interest that hazardous
enterprise, will now respond to that appeal, by the expres-
sion of their united wishe* that every proper effort may he
made by this Government for the rescue of your husband
and his companions."
Let me call attention to a single line of the ex-
tract 1 have just read: " That every effort may be
made by this Government for the rescue of your
husband and his companions." The question is,
then, what, in the estimation of the Government
of that period, would have amounted to t( proper
efforts" to attain that interesting object? Why,
the honorable Senator from Maryland himself has
admitted everything for which i have contended
on this point. Pie says that the Government con-
templated at the time that proper efforts would be
such as he has himself described as having at first
been resolved upon by the President. Why was
it proposed to lit out ships belonging to our own
navy for the purpose of proceeding on an ex-
ploring expedition in quest of Sir John Franklin?
We know that this was actually thought of, inde-
pendent of what t,he Senator from Maryland has
confessed. This was the avowed policy of the
Executive and his Cabinet originally, and in fur-
therance of which they acted for a short period of
time ; and I hold in my hand a statement jusfc
supplied to me of the actual decision of the board
o/ naval officers whose attention had been spe-
cially called to this matter. The naval board ue-
cidedjjirs/, that no ships were ready for an expedition
of such a character; 2'Uy, that by the time the proper
ships could be got ready it would be too late for the
enterprise; 3rf/t/, if the ships were ready they had n&
constitutional power to send them out for such a pur-
pose. *
In the reply to the letter of Lady Franklin, in
which the promise was given that all suitable efforts
would be made in behalf of the American people
to secure a participancy in this splendid scheme of
humanity, no constitutional difficulty was sug-
ge^ed; and I presume that when the attempt was
made to get together the proper ships for the exe-
cution of what had been clearly pronounced, no
constitutional difficulties suggested themselves to
the minds of the President and his advisers.
Months elapsed before the naval officers were
convened; months elapsed after the appearance of
the Secretary's letter, before they discovered the
constitutional difficulty alluded to; after which the
President and his Cabinet fairly yielded up the
whole scheme. And now we are invoked not to
sustain the President and his Cabinet in the
scheme to which they originally pledged them-
selves—not to recognize the power to send out
the Government ships, as was originally intended
to be done, but simply to act in aid of a private
individual who has planned this new and distinct
project.
Mr. PEARCE. I ask the Senator whether the
message of the President, submitted on the 4th of
January, did not invite the action arid cooperation
of Congress in this matter? Was it not then in
the power of this body to have authorized him to
take the steps which were intimated in the letter
to Lady Franklin ?
Mr. FOOTE. I am perfectly aware of these
facts. Jt still appears, however, that the original
Executive scheme was not executed; that it was
held in reserve for months; and that no constitu-
tional difficulty was discovered until it was sug-
gested by the Naval Board. It still appears, too,
that the original scheme, for some reason, has not
been executed up to the present time; and, there-
fore, I repeat what I have aheady asserted, that it
must be apparent to everyone that the Govern-
ment has retraced its steps, and has mote or less
disreputably receded from the scheme of its own
