1982
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
Sept. 27,
ments, to enable him (Mr. S.) to offer a resolution
providing for the payment of arrears due to his
late colleague, [Mr. Nes ]
The SPEAKER. By the unanimous consent
of the House, the resolution may be entertained
pending the motion of the gentleman from Vir-
ginia to go into Committee of the Whole on the
state of the Union.
Mr. BAYLY said, he regretted that he could
not comply with the request of the gentleman from
Pennsylvania, [iMr. Stevens;] he (Mr. B.) had
already refused a similar request from more than
twenty of his friends, and he could not, therefore,
yield the floor to the gentleman from Pennsylvania.
Mr. STEVENS, of Pennsylvania, said, that the
object sought to be attained could not be accom-
plished in any other way than by the adoption of
the resolution he proposed to offer.
Mr. BAYLY. I hope that the resolution may
be received by unanimous consent.
The resolution was then read, as follows:
Resolved, That the Clerk of the House be directed to set-
tle the account of Henry Nes, deceased, late a member
of this Hou^e, allowing his per diem until the end of the
session, and pay the balance due to Charles Nes, in trust (or
his minor children.
The resolution, after a word of explanation from
Mr. Stevsns, was adopted.
The question then recurred on the motion of
Mr. Bayly, that the House resolvg itself into
Committee of the Whole on the state of the Union.
THE PUBLIC PRINTING.
Mr. WENT WORTH. I rise to a privileged
question. I ask the unanimous consent of the
House to make a report from the select commit-
tee heretofore appointed on the subject of the pub-
lic printing. We ought (said Mr. W.) to have the
report before us, before we act upon the civil and
diplomatic appropriation bill. I do not propose
that any action should be taken upon the report.
I desire to move that it be laid on the table and
printed.
The SPEAKER. The report can only be re-
ceived by unanimous consent.
Ml-. WENT WORTH. Of course the report
will have to be read, or there will be no use in
making it.
Mr. BAYLY. If the report is to be read I ob-
ject.
Mr. WENTWORTH. The reading is all we
want. I repeat that we cannot act understanding^
upon the civil and diplomatic appropriation bill,
unless the contents of this report are known to the
House.
Mr. BAYLY. I object.
Mr. WENTWORTH. I move that the rules
be suspended, to enable me to make the report.
The SPEAKER. The motion is not now in
order, because there is already a motion pending
to suspend the rules for the purpose of going into
Committee of the Whole on the state of the*Union.
Mr. WENTWORTH. Then I hope that the
motion will be voted down.
Mr. ORR. And I hope 
[Calls to order.]
i'lie SPEAKER said, no remarks were in or-
der.
Mr. ORR (continuing)—that the motion will be
voted down.
[Called to order.]
The SPEAKER again admonished the gentle-
man from South Carolina, [Mr. Okr,] that no re-
marks were in order.
Mr. ORR, (continuing.) The report ought to
be received before 
The SPEAKER. The gentleman from South
Carolina is out of order and will take his seat.
Mr. ORR resumed his seat.
CIVIL AND DIPLOMATIC APPROPRIATIONS.
A message was received from the Senate by A.
Dickins, Esq., Secretary of the Senate.
The SPEAKER. Before the question is taken
on the motion of the gentleman from Virginia to
go into Committee of the Whole on the state of the
Union, the Speaker feels it his duty to communi-
cate to the House a message which has just been
received from the Senate. The Chair will ask that
the message may be reported to the House.
No objection having been made, the message
was read, as follows:
A mes-aai' tn>m the Senate by Mr. Dickxns, their Secretary.
Mr. Speaker: I ain dirmed to nonfy the House, that m
en.rowin" the amendments ol the Senate to the bill enti-
tle? "Ail act making an appropuaiion for the civil and diplo-
matic expenses of the Government, for the year ending
June 30,1851, and for other puipos>cs," a mistake was made
by stating as* an amendment that the words " five thousand
five hundred," m lines 25 and 26 of page 11, had been
struck out, and the words " one thousand" inserted in lieu
thereof, and request tiiat the Secretary be permitted totor-
rcct the error.
The message having been read,
The SPEAKER. CJpon an examination of the
Manual the Chdir finds that there is an instance of
a similar case which occurred before. The Chair
would read the passage from the Manual.
The passage was as follows:
" Tf messengers commit an error in delivering their mes-
sage, Uiey may be admitted or called |in to correct their
menage. Accordingly, March 13, 1800, the Senate having
made two amendments to a bill from the House of Repre-
sentatives, their secretary, by mis akf, delivered one only;
wfucii being madiui&bible by itself, Uiat Hou.su disagreed,
and notified the Senate of Uieir disagreement. Thhs pro-
duced a discovery ot the mistake. The secretary was sent
lo the other House to correct his mistake, fhe correction
was received, and the two amendments acted on de novo.
[Manual, page 192.] v
Mr. VINTON moved that the Secretary of the
Senate be permitted to make the correction.
Ordered accoiumgly.
CIVIL AND DIPLOMATIC APPROPRIATIONS.
The question recuried on the motion of Mr.
Bayly, that the House resolved itself into Com-
mittee of the Whole on the State of the Union.
Mr. BAYLY. This is the last day 
Calls to order.
Mr. BAYLY. I call for the yeas and nays on
my motion.
The yeas and nays were ordered. m
Mr. BAYLY. 1 will not be responsible if the
appropriation bills should not 
Calls to order.
The SPEAKER said, no remarks were in order.
The question, " WiU the House resolve itself
into Committee of the Whole on the state of the
Union?" was then taken, and resulted—yeas 84,
nays, 75; as follow:
YEAS—Messrs. Albertson, Anderson, Ashmun, Baker,
Bay, Bayly, Beale, Booth, Howhn, Brtsigg, Cnesier Butler,
E. U. Cabell, Geoige A. Caldwell,Joseph P. Caldwell,Camp-
bell, Cartter, Clingman, W. R. W. Cobb, Daniel, Dickey,
Dttmnick, Di-mey, Dunham, Edmuudson, Eliot, Fe.uher-
ston, Fitch, Fuller, Hamilton, Hammond, Harlan, Isha-u
G. Hams, Sampson W. Harns, Thomas L. Harris, Hay-
mond, Ilibbard, Howard, Hubbard, Inge, Joseph W. Jack-
son, Robuit VV. Johnson, Jones, John A. King, La Sfeie,
Leffler, Littlefield, Mason, Mattesori, McClemand, McLau-
ahan, Robert M. McLane, Meade, Miller, Milison, More-
head, Motion, Nelson, Peck, Plicemx, Potter, Powell, Rey-
nolds, Richardson, lli>lcy, Robbtns, Ro^s, Savage, Saw-
telie, Silvester, Frederick P. Stanton, Richard H. Stanton,
Stetson, Strong, Jacob Thompson. James Thompson, Jqiin
B. Thompson, Underbill, Waldo, Waikins, Wellborn, Whit-
tlesey, Wllduck, Willdins, and Young—84. -
NAYS—Messrs. Alexander, Allen, Alston, Andrews, Ben-
net, Bingham, Biasell, Bokee, Bowie, Albert G. Brown,
Buel, Bun, Tnoma* B. Jiutler, Joseph Cable, Calvin, Casey,
Chandler, Cleveland, Cole, Corwin, Crowell, Debtrry,
Dixon, Doty, Duncan, Duikee, Alexander Evan , Nathan
Evans, Fowler, Freedky, Uilbeit, Coodeno *, Goit, Gould,
Grmnell, Hall, HaHovvav. Homy, Ilovve, George G. King,
Preston Kin<?, Horace Mann, Maishall, Mclvissock, Mc-
Queen, Moore, Morris, Newell, Ogle, Orr. Otis, Outlaw,
Phelps, Pitman, Putnam, Rockwelf, Root, Rumsey, Sack-
ett, Scheririerhorn, Schoolcraft, Sp.mldmg, Spraaue, Stanly,
Thaddetts Stevens, Taylor, Thurinan, Tuck, Van Dyke,
Vinton. Walden, Wallace, Wentvvorth, White,and VVood-
watd—7o.
The House accordingly resolved itself into Com-
mittee of the Whole on the state of the Union,
(Mr. Burt in the chair,) and resumed the consid-
eration of the amendments of the Senate to the
civil and diplomatic appropriation bill.
AmendmentNo. 15 of the Senate. Strikeout
from the item "for compensation of clerks and mes-
sengers m the office of the chief engineer, [in the
War Department,] $5,650," the words $650, and
insert, in lieu thereof, the woids:
« $900, including compensation to the disbursing agent of
said othce of $M50, in addition to his salary a- clerk: Pro-
wled, said agt nt shall give boml^ with approved surety, for
the taitlilul disbursement of the funds intiusted to him."
Mr. BAYLY said, the effect of the amendment
was to increase the salary of a clerk who had but
$800 per year. The Committee of Ways and
Means had directed him to move that the House
non-concur in the amendment. He had been in-
formed that the clerk was faithful to his duties,
and he was decidedly in favor of the increase. He
had opposed this session all i. crease of appropria-
tion, had gone for a reduction of the estimates,
but he must support the increase in this case.
His idea of economy was not " penny-wise and
pound-foolish." He was for retrenchment in
large and unnecessary objects, but in a meritorious
case like this, there was no want of economy in
making the increase.
Mr. JONES opposed the, increase. He said
that it was another attempt to raise a salary fixed
by law, in a bill making appropriation for objects
provided for under existing law. It was by this
process of adding on to the expenditures in small
matters, that the large aggregate appropriations
became necessary. If an increase was made in
this case, they would have applications hereafter
to increase others. He hoped that the amend-
ment would not be concurred in.
The question was then taken, and the amend-
ment was disagreed to.
AmendmentNo. 16 of the Senate. Strike out
the word "three" and insert "five," so as to
make it read $6,500 instead of $6,300, in the
following clause:
" For compensation of the clerks and me&sengers in the
Bureau of Provisions and Clothing, {hi the N.tvy Depart-
ment,] #6,300."
The Committee of Ways and Means recom-
mended a concurrence in the amendment.
Mr. WALDO explained that the object of the
amendment was to increase the salary of a clerk
who was receiving but $800 per annum, and doing
the duties of principal book-keeper. He was
doing business equal to the clerks in the other
offices, who were receiving from $1,200 to $1,400
per annum. He hoped the House would concur in
the amendment.
The question was taken, and the amendment
was non-concurred in.
Amendment No. 17 of the Senate. Add at th£
end of the clause appropriating for the clerks and
messengers in the Bureau of Provisions and Cloth-
ing, the follo-ving;
11 The annual compensation of the assistant book-keeper
being merea>ed
Mr. WALDO explained that this amendment
was to provide for the case which he had just ex-
plained.
Mr. McMULLEN objected to the increase, and
asked what the salary of the clerk now was?
Mr. BAYLY explained that the salary was
'and it was proposed to increase it to $"l,00U.
Mr. HUBBARD said that the committee had
recommended a non-concurrence in .the amend-
ment.
Mr. VINTON made some remarks not distinctly
heard.
Mr. WALDO supported the increase in a few
remarks, in which he spoke of the superior quali-
fications of the clerk.
The vote was t^ken by tellers on the question of
concurring in the amendment, and the result was—
ayes 76, noes 40.
So the amendment was concurred in.
Amendment No. 18 of the Senate. Strike out
the following item:
« For compensation of the Chief of the Bureau of Medi-
cine and Surgery, and of the a.*si>tant suigeon, clerks, and
messenger m his office, $6,8U0.
And insert in lieu thereof the following items:
"For the annual salary of the Chief of the Bureau of
Medicine and Surgtrv, £3,OUO.
"For arrtars of salary of the Chief of the Bureau of Med-
icine and Surgery, provided by the act of 3d March, 1849,
§500.
" For compensation of the assistant surgeon, clerks, and
messenger m the office of the chief of the iJurcau ot Medi-
cine and Surgery, $4,300."
Mr. BAYLY said, the Committee of Ways and
Mean3, by a very large majority, recommended a
non-concurrence. Dr. Harris, the head of the Bu-
reau of Medicineand Surgery, now received $2,500.
The proposition was to increase n to §3,000. He
was perfectly satisfied that the public interest did
not require the increase.
Mr. HOLMES contended that Dr. Han is, a
scientific officer at the head of a bureau, should re-
ceive $3,000, like the heads of the other bureaus.
Mr. THOMPSON, of Mississippi, said the sal-
ary was fixed by law at $2,500'. He argued that
there was no necessity for the increase-—that this
was an improper mode of increasing salaries, and
that the increase, if necessary, should be made by
a general law.
The amendment was non-concurred in.
Amendment No. 19 of the Senate. Strike out
the words between [brackets] in the following
item, which is classed under the head of " Con-
tingencies of the Navy Department:"
"Forcompensation ot superintendent and three watch-
men of the >outhwe>t exocuuvtt building, $1,750; [the sal-
ary of the three watchmen being incr^a-ed irom$-365 to
$i>p0 each per annum trom first July? J850.*']
Mr. BAYLY. The Committee of Waya and
