THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
PUBLISHED AT WASHINGTON, BY JOHN C. RIVES.—TERMS $3 FOR THIS* SESSION.
31st Congress, 1st Session.
FRIDAY, SEPTEMBER 27, 1850.
New Series No. 125.
Mr. J. proceeded warmly to advocate the pro-
posed increase of salary, and spoke of the import-
ant character of the services to be rendered, and
of the high legal as well as personal character ne-
cessary to an Attorney General. An Administra-
tion was responsible forthe proper appointment of
a legal adviser of the Government, well and prop-
erly qualified. Any one so appointed must stand
al the head of his profession in the Union, and any
one so standing, could sit still at home and make
from fifteen to twenty-five thousand dollars per
annum; and when such.a man was translated to
the service of this Government, even at the equal-
ized salary, ($6,000,) he could not but sustain loss.
He should vote to put the Attorney General upon
the same footing: with all other Cabinet officers in
point of pav,and he should leave him, like all other
of those officers, to give such attention to his pri-
vate duties and interests as his public duties would
allow, and should rely upon his character and of-
ficial obligations, and upon the responsibility of
the Administration, for the proper fulfillment and
discharge of his official duties.
Mr. MEADE, on leave, withdrew his amend-
ment.
The amendment of the Senate was concurred in.
Amendment No. 25 of the Senate. Insert in
pa^e 22, after line 13, the following:
" To reirnl'urse to Reverdy Johnson, late Attorney Gen-
eral of the Omtfti Siate^, thp amount paid by him out of his
piivate fwids for the services of a clerk employed for public
purpo.-e*? on public duties, eight hundred and sixty-six dol-
lars and fifty-ntrx; ctnta."
Mr. BAYLY. The Committee of Ways and
Means recommend a concurrence in thia amend-
ment.
The question was pat, and the amendment was
concurred in.
Amendment No. 26 of the Senate. Insert in
page 23, after line 11, the following:
" For compensation for the clerk of the district judge of
Florid i, employed m keeping and making transcripts of ihe
reooids ot tli<' decision* ot' said judge in certain matters
submitted to him* by the Secretary of the Treasury, the
compensation fot said service, to be audited and allowed by
the Secretary of the Treasury, nine hundred dollars."
Mr. BAYLY. The Committee of Ways and
Means recommend that the amendment be not con-
curred in.
The question was put, and the amendment was
disagreed to.
Amendment No. 27 of the Senate. Insert in
page 23, after line 18, the following:
" For providing surf-tioats, iife-boats, and other means
for the preservation of life and property shipwrecked on the
coast r f Ihe finned States, ton thon-and dollars; to be ex-
pended under the control and direction of the Secretary of
the Treasury."
Mr. BAYLY. The Committee of Ways and
Means recommend that the House concur in this
amendment.
The question was put, and the amendment was
agreed to.
Amendment No. 28 of the Senate. In page 24,
after line 4, insert the following:
"t"or the keeper or the light-house on Minot'a Ledge, near
Cohasset, til Boston bay, $750, and ifooO each per annum to
his assistants."'
Mr. BAYLY said, the Committee of Ways and
Means recommend a non-concurrence in this
amendment
Mr. GRINJSTELL. represented the peculiar loca-
tion of this light-house, to show the necessity for
the proposed increase of salary of the keeper.
Mr. BAYLY expressed the hope that the sal-
ary in this instance would not be increased, as it
would lead ultimately to a corresponding increase
of the salaries of ail the light-house keepers, or
they would complain of inequality.
Mr. FOWLER moved to amend theamendment
by striking out " $750" and inserting " $775."
Mr. POWLEE enforced the views of Mr. Gris-
nell, and urged the peculiar necessity for the in-
crease in this instance.
Mr. THOMPSON, of Mississippi, opposed the
increase.
The amendment to the amendment was rejected.
The question recurring upon the amendment of
the Senate—
Tellers were asked, and ordered; and Messrs.
125
King, of New Jersey, and McQueeS, were ap-
pointed.
The question was taken, and the amendment,
by ayes 51, noes 67, was non-concurred in.
Amendment No. 29 of the Senate. Strike from
the clause providing for the commissions to dis-
bursing agents for light-houses, the following:
" Prvvvled, That the collectors whose compensation ex-
ceeds $2,500, shall receive no compensation as supetintend-
ents ot light-houses or disbursing agents."
Mr. BAYLY. The Committee of Ways and
Means recommend that this amendment "be dis-
agreed to.
The question was put, and the amendment was
disagreed to.
Amendment No. 30 of the Senate. To increase
the appropriation to complete the light-house on
Minot's Rock, Boston harbor, from $4,000 to
#5,000.
Mr. BAYLY. The Committee of Ways and
Means recommend that this amendment be not
concurred in.
The question wa3 put, and the amendment was
disagreed to.
Amendment No. 31 of the Senate. In page
26, after line 13, insert the following:
" For the construction of a marine hospital to hp located
by the Secretary ot" the Treasury, at or near Sail Francisco,
in the State of California, §30,000.
Mr. BAYLY said the Committee of Ways and
Means recommended a non-concurrence m the
amendment of the Senate.
Some conversation followed on a point of order.
Mr. BAYLY moved to strike out $50,000.
The Committee of Ways, and Means thought,
he said, that at the present exorbitant rateofevery-
thing in California, this was not a good time to
commence the construction of such works.
Mr. GILBERT explained, that theamendment
did not ask the Government to appropriate this
money. The amount had already been collected
from the hospital tax. The simple proposition
was to authorize the application of this money.
He hoped it.would be agreed to.
Some conversation followed between Messrs.
ASHE, GILBERT, and STRONG, as to the
amount of hospital tax collected.
Mr. BAYLY withdrew his amendment.
The question was taken, and no quorum voted.
Tellers were ordered, and Messrs. Fowler and
Houston were appointed.
The question being again taken, the vote stood—
ayes 84, noes 47.
So the amendment was concurred in.
Amendment No. 32 of the Senate. Add to the
end of the appropriation for the salaries of Charges
d'Affaires, &c., in page 30, the following:
" And for compensation to Alexander Hammett for his
services as char^ d'affaires at Naples, from the twentieth
of May, eighteen hundred and foriy-stven, to the twenty-
first of June, eighteen hundred and forty-eight, $4,875."
Mr. BAYLY explained that this was the amend-
ment which the Committee of Ways and Means
had heretofore instructed him to introduce, but
was ruled out of order. The committee had in-
structed him to advise the House to concur in the
amendment.
The question was put, and the amendment was
concurred in.
The 33d amend ment of the Senate. In page 30,
after line 14, insert as follows:
" To Anthony Ten Kyck, for salary and contingent ex-
penses as Commissioner to the Sandwich Islands, lor tlie
year endin" December31, 1849, §5,422 b7.
" To Charles Eaines, for outfit as late Commissioner to
the Sandwich Wands, in pursuance of tile recommenda-
tion of the Department ot State, §3,000."
Mr. BAYLY said the Committee of Ways and
Means had originally recommended a non-concur-
rence in this amendment, as they had no papers
before them showing its necessity. Since that
time he had received the papers from the Commit-
tee on Foreign Affairs* and was satisfied that the
appropriation was proper.
Mr. OTIS inquired if any law authorized an ap-
propriation for the outfit of the Commissioner to
the Sandwich Islands?
Mr. McCLERNAND replied there was no law.
He moved attend the amendment of the Sen-
ate, as follows:
For balance due John P. Brown for his services as acting
Charge d'Affaires at Constantinople, $4,955.
Mr. McCLERNAND explained and enforced
the propriety of his amendment.
T&e question being taken, the amendment of
Mr. McClernantd was agreed to.
The question recurred on agreeing to the Senate
amendment as amended.
Mr. BOWLIN moved to strike out that part of
the amendment which provided an outfit for Mr.
Eames.
Mr. McCLERNAND referred to the importance
of Mr. Earnests services as Commissioner, and
said Mr. Buchanan and Mr. Clayton had recom-
mended that an appropriation be made for his out-
fit. He caused the letter of Mr. Clayton to be
read.
The amendment of Mr. Bowlin was rejected.
Mr. BOWLIN moved to strike out the word
"outfit" and insert "compensation.11 Agreed to.
Mr. OTIS moved to amend the amendment to
appropriate the same sum as compensation to Lu-
ther Severance, the present Commissioner.
Mr. HALL made the point of order, that the
amendment was not in order, being for the increase
of a salary fixed by law.
Some conversation arose upon the question of
fact, and it having been ascertained, upon thestate-
ment of Mr. McClernand, that the salary was
fixed by law—
The CHAIRMAN sustained the point of order,
and ruled the amendment out of order.
The amendment of the Senate was then con-
curred in.
Amendment No. 34 of the Senate. In page 30,
after line 17, insert:
" For the expenses of the agent of the Sublime Porte, (en
thousand dollar#, to he disbursed under the direction of the
Secretary of State."
Mr. BAYLY said, the Committee of Ways and
Means recommended a non-concurrence, (from
which recommendation he dissented.) He would
not himself have recommended the introduction of
the amendment to the bill. He thought it was an
unfortunate movement, but as it had been inserted,
and by a body especially charged with our foreign
intercourse, he thought it would be inconvenient
to strike it out.
Mr. McCLERNAND proposed to acid one or
two other facts in addition to what had been stated
by Mr. Bayly.
The CHAIRMAN said, unanimous consent
would be required
Mr. McCLERNAND moved an amendment,
(pro forma.) He said a brief statement will serve
to illustrate the reason and propriety of this ap-
propriation. It comes from the Senate, recom-
mended not only by their approval, but also by
the American minister at Constantinople, Mr.
Marsh, and by his secretary, Mr. Blown, who,
after a long absence, is now making a visit in his
native country. It is also recommended by the
distinguished gentleman who is now at the head of
the State Department, Mr. Webster, upon whose
authority, together with that of the other person-
ages mentioned, the appropriation was reported
by the unanimous consent of the Committee on
foreign Affairs of the Senate; and the same may
be said of the Committee on Foreign Affairs of
this House, who have directed me, as their chair-
man and or^an, to recommend the concurrence of
the House in the amendment of the Senate. I
trust they will do so.
The design of the appropriation is to defray the
expenses of Amiri Bey, the commissioner of his
Imperial Majesty, the Sultan of the Ottoman Em-
pire, during his sojourn amonsst us in h s present
character. The dignitary described visits us not
only as a special agent of his sovereign, but he
comes also in the character of a major and com-
mander in the Staff of the Turkish admiralty; and
it may be, from what has been said, that he will
be still fuither honored by being invested with
diplomatic rank, as a minister near this Govern-
ment. The object which engages the labors of
