THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
May 2,
ships, and thos - who sailed them—from practical
navigators. Ail that he asked was, that the report
should be priced; arid that the gentleman from
Massachusetts [Mr. Winthrop]—the predecessor
of the gentleman who fills the station of presiding
officer of this- House—and gentlemen in this
House representing cities, should not be the only
persons permitted to examine the resolution before
final vote was taken. The gentleman from Ten-
nessee had undertaken, by this resolution, to ad-
just the differences of opinion which existed on the
subject. He (Mr. McL.) hoped that the House
would at ipast have an opportunity of ascertaining
what the nature of that adjustment was.
Mr. STAN TON rose to reply.
Mr. CART TER desired to ask the gentleman
from Tennessee, [Mr. Stanton,) whether it was
proposed to navigate the ocean by joint resolution.
(Laughter.)
Mr. STANTON said that was not exactly the
proposition. (Renewed laughter.) The proposi-
tion was to prepare an American Nautical Alma-
nac, and to fix the basis on which the work should
be established, it was true, as the gentleman
from Maryland [Mr. McLane] had stated, that
the memorials came from ship-owners and sea-
faring men, and insurance companies; but it was
also true, if he (Mr. S.) was not mistaken, that
these memonal8 were all of the same character
precisely—printed by the same press, and upon
the *ame paper—indicating a common origin, and
that origin, he believed, tolerably well understood.
But it had not been his intention to open any ques-
tion of difficulty, or to produce any difference of
opinion on the subject; and he must be permitted
to say, that if the gentleman from Maryland [Mr.
McLane] understood it as well as he ought to un-
derstand it, he would not have hesitated one moment
to give his assent to the adoption of the resolution.
It solved the whole difficulty—it settled the mat-
ter to the satisfaction of everybody who had in-
vestigated it. But he would not press the motion
which he had made, that the resolution should
now be put upon its passage. He was perfectly
wtihng that it should be referred to the Commit-
tee of the Whole on the state of the Union.
Mr. CHANDLER said that if he understood
the matter rightly, there was a necessity that the
nautical almanac should be prepared and published
in due season; and the question is, whether this
is desirable. He did not know with whom the
hostiliiy to this resolution had commenced. That,
however, was a consideration of little importance.
He could weii conceive that those gentlemen who
were interested in ti.e publication of maps and
charts, may have an oljection to the change which I
was proposed by this resolution. But he believed
that there was great propnety in the policy of
establishing the prime meridian in the United
States. In the adoption of this resolution it would
be rendered necessary that irom Philadelphia and
Boston to New Orleans, the meridian should be
changed; and so, also, in returning. The change
contemplated by the resolution, was very desirable
in itself, and was not so extensive in its character
was at first proposed. There couid be no doubt,
that men of me Highest scientific attainments had
proposed an entire change of the meridian.
Mr. HOUSTON (Mr. Chandler yielding)
-heggt-d permission to ask the gentleman from
Pennsylvania a question. Had not scientific gen-
tlemen, to whom the late Secretary ot the Navy
had submitted the subject, made a report in oppo-
sition to this changer
Mr. CHAMDLER, (resuming^) I cannot give
an answer to that question.
Mr. STAN ION, (Mr. Chandler yielding the
floor.) The gentleman from Delaware has asked
if scientific gentlemen, to whom the late Secretary
of the Navy had submitted the subject, have not
reported against the change? JSonie of these gen-
tlemen have given such an opinion, while others
have expressed themselves very decidedly in fa-
vor of it. All concur in the necessity of estab-
lishing an American meridian for scientific and
geographical purposes.
Mr. CHANDLER resumed. He understood
there was a general desire that this question as to
the meridian should be settled with as little delay
as possible, in ordt r that tfte almanac may be pre-
pared. He concurred in this general sentiment.
He showed no objection that, with a view to the
better understanding of the icsolution, it should
be referred to the Committee of the Whole on the
state of the Union, if it could come early for ac-
tion, but he was ready to vote to put it on its pas-
sage.
Mr. THOMPSON, of Mississippi, disclaimed
any intention to say much on the subject, because
he did not think the House was at present pre-
pared to .act upon it. The interests of science
were involved in the question, and it was pro-
posed to settle it now and forever. Before so im-
portant a decision was made, it \vas incumbent
on the House to satisfy itself that it had a clear
perception of the subject in all its bearings. He
hoped, therefore, that the resolution would be re-
ferred to th.e Committee of the Whole on the state
of the Union, in order that the report may be
printed, and that the matter might be properly
and finally disposed of. He demanded the pre-
vious question.
There was a second. And the main question
wasoidered to be now taken; which main ques-
tion was fiist on the motion of Mr. McLane, to
refer the joint resolution to the Committee of the
Whole on the slate of the Union.
Mr. HOUSTON called for the reading of the
resolution; which was again read.
Mr. JONES moved that the joint resolution be
laid upon the table.
The question on that motion was taken, and de-
cided in the negative—ayes 33, noes 90.
So the House decided that the joint resolution
should not be laid on the table.
The question was then taken on the motion of
Mr. McLane, and decided in the affirmative, with-
out a division.
So the joint resolution was referred to the Com-
mittee of the Whole on the state of the Union,
and, with the accompanying report, was ordered
to be printed.
Mr. STANTON, of Tennessee, from the Com-
mittee on Naval Affairs, reported a bill for the re-
lief of the securities of Robert S. Moore, deceased,
late purser in the United States Navy; which was
read a first and second time by its title, referred to
a Committee of the Whole House, and, with the
report accompanying, ordered to be piinted.
THE LATE TEXAS NAVF.
Mr. STANTON also reported from the same
committee, a hill to authorize the President of the
United States to incorporate the officers of the late
Texas Navy into the Navy of the United States;
which was read 9 first and second time by its title,
referred to a Committee of the Whole on the state
of the Union, and ordered to be printed.
Mr. HO WARD desired to submit a motion that
the bill be made the special order for some partic-
ular day.
The SPEAKER said the motion could be en-
tertained only by unanimous consent.
Objection was made.
So the motion was not received.
Mr. WHITE, from the Committee on Naval
Affairs, reported a bill for the relief of Eli Dar-
ling; which was read a first and second time by its
title, referred to a Committee of the Whole House,
and, with the report accompanying, ordered to be
printed.
Mr. W. also, from the same committee, reported
a bill respecting naval pensions; which was read a j
first and second time by its title, referred to the |
Committee of the Whole House on the state of 1
the Union, and, with the report accompanying, !
ordered to be printed. I
MARINES. |
Mr. WHITE also, from the same committee, j
reported a joint resolution for the relief of marines i
who have been detained on duty while upon for- !
eign stations beyond the time or their regular en- j
listment. I
The resolution having been twice read by its I
title, Mr. WHITE moved that it be put upon its 1
passage.
Mr. JONES moved that the resolution be re- ;
ferred to the Committee of the Whole on the state j
of the Union.
Mr. WHITE hoped, he said, that the gentle- f
man from Tennessee [Mr. Jones] would nut press j
that motion. Tne ]omt resolution simply gave a 1
construction to former laws, and authorized the
settlement of the claims of a class of men (marines)
who, under the construction heretofore adopted,
could not receive the benefit of them.
Mr. JONES said, with the permission of the
gentleman from New York, [Mr. White,] he
(Mr. J.) suggested that the joint resolution made
an appropriation, or created a charge upon the
Treasury, and must therefore be referred to the
Committee of the Whole on the state of the Union.
Mr. WHITE said, Not at all. No appropri-
ation was made.
Mr. JONES submitted the point of order to the
Chair.
The SPEAKER said, that the Chair had not
read the resolution very closely but that, from
the reading by the Clerk, it seemed to be merely
a resolution to extend, or give construction to, the
provisions of previous acts. It contained no ap-
propriation of money—the appropriations requi-
site to carry it into effect having been already
made. In the judgment of the Chair, therefore,
the resolution did not require commitment.
Mr. JONES persisted in his motion to refer the
resolution to the Committee of the Whole on the
state of the Union.
Mr. WHITE said he hoped the House would
decide otherwise. There were very few men
whose cases would be covered by the resolution;
and their claims could not be paid by the depart-
ments without the interposition of a law of this
character.
Mr. JONES presumed, he said, that the motion
to refer was pending. If it was not, he would now
make it.
The SPEAKER said, the motion to refer was
the pending; question.
Mr. JONES said, that it seemed to him to be
very strange that all the reports which emanated
from the Committee on Naval Affairsof this House
were of such immediate importance that they
would admit of no delay, but must be put upon
their passage with telegraphic speed, in order that
those in the public service whom they proposed
to reach might suffer no inconvenience. He did
not know what the principle involved in the reso-
j lution was. Thegentleman from New York [Mr.
1 White] said, that it contemplated the payment of
some marines. He (Mr. J ) recollected that
somehow, or " somehow else," by the operation
probably of a vote of the Senate, one marine was
created a brevet brigadier general under a reso-
lution. And by some means or other, the ap-
pointment was made to refer back some five or six
years, though no such officer was required for that
branch of the service, or known to it, there not
being marines enough in the service to make a
brigadier general's command. That officer was
i made colonel, and,-receiving the honorary title,
! claimed the pay of a brigadier general for these
| five orsix years to which his brevet rank was made
; to refer. A board of military officers was con-
vened, and awarded to him the sum of twelve
j thousand dollars as back pay ugder the resolution,
j Whether he had got the money, or whether the
| " interest thereon" had been paid, the country had
not yet been informed. He thought, at all events,
that the case he had cited was a precedent suffi-
cient to require the commitment of this joint reso-
lution to a Committee of the Whole on the state of
the Union, and its printing—so that the House
might understand what its nature and object were.
He moved the previous question.
And the question being taken thereon, the vote
stood ayes 63, noes not counted.
So there was a second.
And the mam question (being first on the refer-
ence, &c.) was ordered, and, being taken, was de-
cided in the affirmative without a division.
So the resolution was referred to the Committee
of the Whole on the state of the Union, and was
ordered to be printed.
On motion by Mr. BOCOCK, it was
Ordered, That the Committee on Naval Affairs be dh-
charg^d from the t'urttier consideration ot the memorial of
William B. Bingly, praying for additional roinpetwiimn for
ten acres of land in Go.-p-xr, VnguiM, sold to the United
States, tor a site tor the JJry Dock, and that it be laid on the
tattle.
Mr. BOCOCK also, from the same committee,
reported a biil for the relief of Rebecca Winn;
winch was read a first and second time by its title,
referred to a committee of the Whole House, and,
with the reportaccompaning,ordered to be printed.
Mr. HARALSON moved that the House re-
solve itself into Committee of the Whole on the
state of the Union on the census bill, but subse-
quently withdrew the motion.
JOHN IIOGAN.
Mr. McDOYVELL, from the Committee on
