1986
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE;
Sept. 27,
our distinguished visitor is equally honorable to
his Government and to our own country. He
comes here to obtain information concerning: our
civil and social institutions—concerning the re-
sources and power of the country, and particu-
larly concerning our proficiency in naval architect-
ure and naval government. Such are his objects;
and to the accomplishment of these objects weare
assured that he brings an intelligence discrimina-
tion, and judgment which distinguished him in his
country, and which eminently qualify him for his
important mission,
1 am happy to repeat what I have heard, that is,
that the observations and inquiries of this digni-
tary, so far, have proved highly satisfactory. I
doubt not that they will continue to prove satis-
factory; in which event, we are authorized to sup-
pose.that the results will be duly reported to the
Turkish Government; to be followed, as we hope,
by measures of mutual advantage to both parties,
and among others by an increase of their commerce,
and by the employment of American labor and
skill in the navy-yards, and in the military and
commeicial marines of Turkey. Nor are we to
forget, in estimating such a result, that the Turkish
polity long preceded our own in rejecting the
policy of commercial restrictions, and in disallow-
ing aristocratic institutions and Oiders.
0<,her considerations of a moral nature enforce
the passage of this appropriation. There is much
in the grand traditions of the East to enforce it.
Our visitor comes from a land where civilization
first dawned upon a world, where the Holy Scrip-
tures were first taught, where Cyrus and Alexan-
der conquered, where the great Assyrian and
Persian monarchies rose and fell, where Nineveh,
Babylon, and Troy flourished and decayed, where
the Greeks aspired and excelled, where the hardy
Romans ruled, where jewelled Khalifs reigned;
and where, too, our Saviour was born, pieached
his ministry, and died for the sins and redemption
of mankind.
Yes, it is from this classic land that Amin Bey
comes, the representative of a great Prince—a
Prince who is worthy of-the fame of his ancestry,
and of his magnificent country. It is almost
unnecessary to say that the young Sultan of the
Ottoman Empire has displayed a wisdom and
benevolence which place him in the first rank of
reigning sovereigns Not only has he materially
ameliorated the condition of his own people, but
he has generously afforded that protection to the
oppressed of other countries which has won for
him the respect and admiration of the lovers of
liberty and justice throughout the world. Yes,
he has done* that for the unfortunate Hungarian
refugees—for the noble Kossuth and his heroic
companions, which was denied to them by chris-
tian rulers. His country was opened to them as
an asylum, and his hospitality was spread to feed
their hunger. 'Such is the character of the Em-
peror of Turkey; and thus itcontrasts with the cruel
proscriptions of the Emperors of Austria and of
Russia. The comity and courtesy of nations de-
mand of us to offer such tokens of respect to his
representative as are due to his character and are
worthy of ouiselves. We are to do this by pro-
claiming him the guest of the nation, to be enter-
tained at the public expense. Such, i doubt not,
is the sense of this honorable body.
Some conversation followed between Messrs.
Featherston and McOlernand.
Mr, McCLERNAND further enforced the pro-
priety of the amendment.
Mr. TAYLOR. I am opposed to the amend-
ment of the honorable gentleman from Illinois,
[Mr. McClernand,] but am in favor of the
amendment of the Senate, which appropriates
$10,000 for the expenses of the agent of the Sub-
lime Port, to be disbursed under the direction of
the Secretary of State. - !
It is well known, Mr. Chairman, that hospitality
in all Eastern countries, is a prominent trait, and '
between all Musselmen, sovereigns or princes, their
representatives are maintained at the expense of
the Governments to which they may be sent. 1
am informed by Mr. Brown, our dragoman at
Constantinople, that the envoys of the Sultan, in
Persia, Bockhara, Muscat, and elsewhere, receive
this attention, and he reciprocates it in all case^.
Some time since, when a difficulty aiose between
Turkey and Persia, the supplies of the Ambassa-
dor of the Shah of Persia at Constantinople were
partially cut off, in a degree conforming to the
coldness which was growing; between the two
Princes; and finally the Persian Ambassador
thought it time to be off. Recently, when the pres-
ent Pope sent a Nuncio to the Sultan, he remained
some months at Constantinople, boarded at the
expense of the Sultan, of $1,000 per month. It
was the first embassy from the Pope.
The Ottoman commissioner or envoy, (for he
may be considered as such,) has already been
treated as the guest of the country, at the request
of Mr. Marsh, our Minister at Constantinople.
The city of New York treated this-commissioner
in a most generous manner. And the appropria-
tion now proposed to be made, is but a proper
token for the Sultan's kindness to Americans.
I am further informed by Mr. Brown, that a
Mr. Davis, of South Carolina, who has gone to
Turkey to give information as to the culture of
cotton, became ill in the Sultan's service, and par-
tially lost his sight. Thereupon, the Sultan sent
to his family, as a donation, $25,000.
Doctor Morse, the inventor of the telegraph, re-
ceived from the Sultan a donation Gf $500, as an
indication of the high estimate in which that great
invention was held.
Mr. Samuel Colt, the inventor of the revolving
pistol, received from the Suhan, as an evidence of
the h sh opinion he entertained of this invention,
a snuff-box, valued at $1,500.
Doctor Smith, of Charleston, South Carolina,
received a donation of §300; Dr. Hitchcock, of
Boston, a dentist, a donation of $400. And other
Americans have received more or less money for
their inventions, or supposed merits.
Such an appropriation as the amendment of the
Senate, now under consideration, proposes, and
which 1 understand is recommended by the Com-
mittee on Foreign Relations in this House, as well
as that of the Senate, will serve the double pur-
pose of promoting good will between our Govern-
ment and the Sultan, and of promoting the stand-
ing of the Legation of the United States at the
Turkish court. And last, though not least, it will
be an expression to the world, especially to all
despotic governments—of the estimation placed
upon the generous conduct of the Sultan in favor
of the Hungarian refugees, who took refuge in his
dominions, by the whole American people.
Mr. JONES moved to strike out "#10,000,"
and insert4< 25 cents.'' He expressed his dissent
to the wliole project of receiving the agent of the
Sublime Porte as a national guest. Especially was
he opposed to making an extravagant appropria-
tion for the purpose. He wished to have this
agent impressed with an idea of the plain, simple
habits of our people, and of its republican institu- ,
tions. He hoped the Senate's amendment would
not be concurrcd in.
The question was put, and the amendment of
Mr. Jones was rejected.
The amendment of the Senate was then con-
curred in.
The 35th amendment of the Senate. In page
35, after line 3, insert as follows:
" For the extension of the Capitol, according to such plan
as mav be adopted by the joint Onomtrlee on Public Buiid-
ing* of bwtli Houses of Congics.-*. £200,000. This appropria-
tion to he pxppndfd under the direction of the President of
the UniUd States, who shall be authorized to appoint an
architect to oarrj out the plan or plans winch may be
adopted a? aforesaid."
Mr. BAYLY said, he was instructed by the
Committee of Ways and Means to recommend to
the House not to concur in this amendment.
Mr. HOUSTON rose to address the Chairman.
[Loud cries of " Question, question.**]
Mr. HOUSTON moved an amendment.
The amendment to the amendment was rejected.
The question recurred and was taken on con-
curring in the amendment of the Senate, and it was
non-concurred in.
Amendment No. 36 of the Senate. Strike out
"one" and insert "two,M so as to make the item
read, "$'200,000 for continuing the construction of
the custom-house at New Orleans
Mr. BAYLY. I have been instructed by the
Committee of Ways and Means to recommend a
concurrence in this amendment.
The question was put, and the amendment was
disagreed to.
The 37th amendment of the Senate. Insert in
page 37, after line 26, as follows:
" For the topographical and; hydrngiaphical survey of the
Delta of the Mississippi, with suuli investigations as may
lead to determine the most practicable plan for securing it
from inundation, and The best mode of so deepening the
passes at the niouih of the river as to allow ships o( twenty
leet draught to enter the same, fifty thousand dollars." v
Mr. BAYLY said he was instructed by the
Committee of Ways and Means to rfceommend a
non-concurrence in that amendment. If it was
proper at all, it should be included in the river and
harbor bill.
He gave notice that at four o'clock he should
move to rise in order to take a recess to six o'clock.
Mr. SEDDON (on a pro forma amendment) de-
fended the amendment of the Senate as one of
great importance to the vast commerce of the
Mississippi.
The question being on concurring in the amend-
ment of the Senate—
Tellers were asked, and ordered, and Messrs.
Sawteli.e, and Butler of Pennsylvania, were
appointed.
The question was taken, and the tellers reported,
ayes 79, noes 62.
So the amendment was concurred in.
The 38th amendment of the Senate. In page 38,
after line 4, insert:
" For the purchase of a site and the erection of a custom-
house in the city of Bangor, Maine, fifty thousand dollars,
to be expended under the direction of the Secretary of the
Treasury; and the cost of said building shall not exceed
said sum."
Mr. BAYLY said the Committee of Ways and
Means recommended a non-concurrence.
Mr STETSON moved a pro' forma amendment,
to enable him to submit a few remarks, and said,
I ask the indulgence of the committee but for a
moment, to state some of the facts relating to this
item of appropriation. In the early part of the
session, a petition for a custom-house at Bangor,
signed by most of the commercial men of the
city, was presented to the Senate, and there re-
ceived the unanimous approval of the Committee
on Commerce. The late Secretary of the Treas-
ury recommended the appropriation. The sub-
ject received the favorable consideration of the
Committee on Commerce of the House, by a unan-
imous vote, and the Committee of Ways and
Means inserted an appropriation therefor in the
civil and diplomatic appropriation bill, together
with similar appropriations for custom-houses at
St. Louis, Cincinnati, and Mobile. The Com-
mittee of the Whole on the state of the Union
struck out the appropriations for Bangor, St. Lotus,
and Cincinnati, and passed the appropriation for
Mobile. The Senate have restored these items of
appropriations.
I am authorized in the statement, that in the opin-
ion of the late Secretary of the Treasury, the neces-
sity for a custom-house at Bangor is much greater
than that for Mobile. I voted for the appropria-
tion for Mobile, and then believed, and still be-
lieve, that the four items of appropriation named
should be allowed.
The Government has, at Bangor, no building
for a custom-house, and has never expended a dol-
lar there for this or any other object. Bangor, in
point of population and commercial importance, is
the second city in the State. It is situated at the
head of tide water, on the most navigable river
of the State, with sufficient depth ot water to
float ships of the largest class. The next census,
I think, will show that its population has nearly
doubled in the last ten years. Its exports of
lumber in its various forms, both foreign and
coastwise, amount to about three millions of dol-
lars per annum. Two or three hundred sail of
vessels may often be counted in her harbor. Ban-
gor is destmed soon to be, if not already, the cerh 
tie of the West India trade of the State, and in
comparison with a large proportion of th-3 commer-
cial Atlantic cities, for whose accommodation cus-
tom-houses have been erected, presents strong
claims to the favorable consideration of this com-
mittee. I trust, therefore, that the amendment of
the Senate will he concurred in.
Mr. STETSON, by consent, withdrew his
amendment. And the amendment of the Senate was
concurred in.
Amendment No. 39 of the Senate. In page
38, line 8, increase the appropriation for the cus-
tom-house at Mobile, from $50,000 to $100,000.
Mr. BAYLY. The Committee of Ways and
Means recommend a non-concurrence in this
amendment.
Some conversation on a point of order followed
between Mr. Calyin arid the Chair.
