1850.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
893
Naval Affairs, reported back, without amendment,
the joint resolution from the Senate for the relief
of John Hogan; and he moved that it be referred
to the Committee of the Whole on the state of the
Union.
Mr. JONES said, it would be seen by reference
to the civil and diplomatic appropriation bill which
passed irv 1848, that an appropriation was con-
tained in that bill of $1,200, which was to be in
full satisfaction for all expenses and extra allow-
ances to John Hogan as commercial agent to
some of the West India islands, if he mistook not;
and he recollected that when the bill was before
the President and his Cabinet on the last night of
the session in the Vice President's room, he hap-
pened to be there, and when they came to that par-
ticular item, it was said by some of them, that that
sum was in addition to a previous full allowance
for said accounts and expenses—that it was a
payment of $1,200 beyond what this man was
justly entitled to. This bill proposed to make a
further appropriation, to be paid on account of the
same claim. It was very unnecessary,*he thought,
for the House to consume further time in legisla-
ting in reference to this claim which had already
been overpaid; and if no gentleman was disposed
to speak, he would move to lay the bill on the table.
If any gentleman desired to speak, he would with-
draw the motion.
Mr. HARALSON said, if it was in order, he
wished to discuss the bill.
The SPEAKER. The Chair is of opinion that
it is not proper to discuss the bill at this time, as
the rule requires that all proceedings touching
appropriations of money shall first be discussed
in Committee of the Whole on the state of the
Union.
The question being taken on the motion of Mr.
Jones, it was decided in the negative.
So the House refused to lay the bill on the
table.
The question recurring on the motion to refer
the bill to the Committee of the Whole House,
was taken and agreed to.
So the bill was referred.
Mr. BUEL, from the Committee on Foreign
Affairs, to whom was referred the memorial of
Benjamin Rush, praying compensation for his
services as Charge d'Affaires at London, during the
absence of Mr. Seven3on, made an adverse re-
port thereon; which was ordeied to lie on the table
and be printed.
THE NAVIGATION OF THE ST. LAWRENCE
AND RECIPROCITY OF TRADE.
Mr. BUEL, from the Committee on Foreign
Affairs, to whom was referred sundry petitions
of citizens residing in States adjacent to the north-
ern chain of lakes; and also the memorial of the
Legislature of the State of Wisconsin, praying
Congress to adopt measures for securing to Amer-
ican commerce the right of freely navigating the
St. Lawrence; and also, joint resolutions of the
Legislature of the State of Michigan, relative to
the same subject, reported the following joint res-
olution; and also made a report of views on the
part of a portion of the committee:
Revolt pJ by the Senate and House oj Representatives of the
United Stutes oj America, in Congress assembled, That the
fiee navigation of the St. Lawrence river, lor commercial
purposes-,' <it mauds ihe earnej-t attention of the American
Government; ami that it is highly durable that u be se-
cured to Anienean commerce at an eai iy day.
The joint resolution having been twice read by
its title—
Mr. B. moved to refer it to the Committee of
the Whole on the state of the Union ; and it being
desirable, he said, that it should receive early con-
sideiation, during the present session, he would
move, if u were in order, to make the resolution
the special order for the fouith Tuesday in June.
The SPEAKER said the motion could only be
made by unanimous consent.
Mr. McLANE objected, and moved to refer the
joint resolution to the Committee on Commerce.
He would state to the gentleman from Michi-
gan 
Mr. BUEL interposed, and said he had moved
to refer the joint resolution to the Committee of
the Whole on the state of the Union, and at the
same time had asked leave to move to make it the
special order for the fourth Tuesday in June. That
bemo- objected to, he supposed it would go to the
Committee of th£ Whole on the state of the Union
without any particular day being assigned for its
consideration.
The SPEAKER announced the question to be
first on the motion to refer to the Committee of the
Whole on the state of the Union.
Mr. McLANE said he wished the attention of
the gentleman from Michigan for a few moments,
with the hope that he would allow the joint reso-
lution to take a more appropriate relerence than
to the Committee of the Whole on the state of the
Union. There had already been referred to the
Committee on Commerce the general subject of
providing for the free navigation of the St. Law-
rence. But that particular sul ject was associated
with the Canada reciprocity bill. Some time in
January last, the House had re-referred to the
Committee on Commerce the bill then in the Com-
mittee of the Whole on the state of the Union,
providing for the joint reciprocity of trade, in
order to assimilate the bill to a bill pending in the
Senate, which provided for the free navigation of
the St. Lawrence. That was the'instruction of the
House, in obedience to this instruction, the Com-
mittee on Commerce proceeded to ascertain,
through the State Department, what steps were
necessary to obtain the free navigation of the St.
Lawrence. The correspondence between the
Committee on Commerce and the Secretary of
State, led to a correspondence between the Secre-
tary of State and the British Minister. That cor-
respondence, it was the purpose of the Committee
on Commerce to report to the House, wuh a view
that the House might take action in reference to
the Canada reciprocity bill, which it had recom-
mitted to the Committee on Commerce, with a
view to put into it the free navigation of the St.
Lawrence, and otherwise assimilate it to the bill
pending m the Senate, in the correspondence
between the Secretary of State and the British
Minister, to which he had alluded, the British
Minister did concede fully his right and his will-
ingness to give the free navigation of the St.
Lawrence to our shipping and our citizens. That
functionary stated that he had the power and
instructions to give to the citizens and the ship-
ping of the United States the use of the Welland
canal and the river St. Lawrence. He (Mr. McL.)
was instructed, when he reported the bill, to report
the correspondence, a copy of which had been
furnished to the committee by the Secretary of
State.
Inasmuch, then, as the House had already con-
fided to one committee the duty of assimilating
the reciprocity bill to the bill now pending before
the Senate, (which meant that they should attach
to the bill a proviso that the free navigation should
be conceded,) he hoped that the House would not
take any other action until they had opportunity
to examine the correspondence and the report of
the Committee on Commerce, which was to be
made under the instiuctions of the House.
Mr. MEACHAM was understood to inquire,
what equivalent the British minister required for
the free navigation of the St. Lawrence and of the
Weiland canal?
Mr. McLANE replied, that the British minister
stated that he was at liberty to concede the fiee
navigation of the St. Lawrence and the adjacent
canal; and that should the Congress of the United
States pass a reciprocity bill similar to that passed
by the Legislature of Canada—or, rather, should
they pass the very bill which had once passed this
House, and was communicated to him, he, as
minister of the Jmpeiicd Government, was willing
at once to grant the free navigation of the St. Law-
rence to the citizens and shipping of the United
States.
He would send to the Clerk's table and have
read, if desired by the Hou^e, the letter of the
Brit.sh minister.
Mi. HARALSON" said, as he understood the
gentleman from Maryland, [Mr. McLane,] he
proposed that the joint resolution which had oeen
reported from one standing committee—the Com-
mittee on Foreign Relations—should be referred to
another standing committee, the Committee on
Commerce. This, in his opinion, would place
that committee (on Foreign Relations) in a rather
ridiculous attitude before the House and before
the country. This subject had been referred to
the Committee on Foreign Relations, and they,
after mature consideration, had reported to the
House that which it was proposed by the gentle-
man from Michigan, U make the special order for
a certain day in June; which proposition being
objected to, the gentleman had moved to refer the
joint resolution to the Committee of the Whole
on the State of the Union, where it would remain,
in all probability, some five or six weeks before
it received the final action of the House. A subject
of a similar character had, however, been referred
to the Commute on Commerce, and they had not
yet made their report. It seemed, from thedisclo-
sure made by the gentleman from Maryland, that
the subject had already attracted the attention of
the Government, and a correspondence had taken
place between the Secretary of State and the Brit-
ish Minister at Washington. We did not know
what that correspondence was, but if it should be
developed before they took final action that 
Mr. McLANE explained that he had been mis-
apprehended by the gentleman from Georgia.
He was not desirous to insist upon a motion to
refer the joint resolution to the Committee on Com-
merce. He had designed to make the motion that
this joint resolution should go to the Committee on
Commerce, or to the Committee of the Whole on
the state of the Union, rather than to have it made
the special order for the day suggested by the
gentleman from Michigan, or than to have it acted
upon immediately, the course which he had under-
stood the gentleman to desire, in case it was not
made the special order.
Mr. HARALSON (resuming) said, there had
been a misapprehension on the part of the gen-
tleman from Maryland of the motion made by the
gentleman from Michigan, [Mr. Betel ] Tl. ? gen-
tleman from Michigan had simply asked leave to
make thejomt resolution a pecial order, and objec-
tion having been made he had moved to refer it to
the Committee of the Whole on the state of the
Union. There could be no objection to its being
so referred. Ifit were thus disposed of, there would
be ample time before it would be reached for
action, for the Committee on Commerce to make
their report, and for the correspondence between
the Secretary of State and the British Minister to
be laid before the House and printed; ai d at the
proper time the whole subject would come up
together. He trusted, therefore, that the motion
of the gentleman from Michigan would prevaij,
and the joint resolution be refertcd to the Com-
mittee of the Whole on the state of the Union.
M r. BUEL 3aid, he desired simply to state again
the motion which he had made, that it might be dis-
tinctly understood by the House, it having been
misconceived by the gentleman from Maryland.
He had moved that the joint resolution be referred
to the Committee of the Whole on the state of
the Union; and had asked leave to move to make
it the special order of the day f'*r the fourth
Tuesday in June; but the latter motion being
objected to, he had fallen back upon the simple
motion to refer it to the Committee of the Whole
on the state of the Union. If the gentleman from
Maryland, theiefore, had understood the motion
which he (Mr. B.) made, he would have seen
that there was no necessity for the remarks which
he had seen fit to make.
Mr. W1JNTHROF said he thought this subject
ought not to be allowed to be disposed of and to
pass away from before the House, without taking
occasion to draw fiom it a wholesome moial. A
very anomalous course of proceeding had imper-
ceptibly grown up, and had been extensively prac-
tised upon withm tne last two or three years. It
was that ol referring the same subject-matter to
two or three, and sometimes half a dozen commit-
tees. This subject of the free navigation of the
St. Lawrence had been referred to the Committee
on Commerce, and the same committee had under
their consideration a bill for establishing a recip-
rocal trade wuh Canada. The same subject had
also been refeired to the Committee on Foreign
xAtfiors. Asa member of that committee, he had
been obliged to act a good deal in the dark with
reference to it. He had heard incidentally that
the subject w^s before the Committee on Com-
merce, and that that committee had had an oppor-
tunity of seeing the correspondence which has
taken place between the Butish minister and the
Secretary of State of the United States. He felt
that it was a somewhat awkward thing to be called
upon to act in reference to the subject, without
having an opportunity to examine that corre-
spondence. He was perfectly willing,however, to
give iiis sanction at any time to such a resolution
as the one now reported, declaring it to be, in the
