894
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
May 2,
highest decree, expedient that the free navigation
of the St. Lawrence should be secured to Ameri-
can commerce. He had therefore made no objec-
tion to the resolution being reported, and should
cordially concur in its adoption. But this was not
the only instance in which a double reference had
been made. There were at this moment the well-
Jcnown claims for French spoliations, committed
prior to 1800—and, in his opinion, there were no
claims ever before Congress that were more unim-
peachably just—which had been referred to half a
dozen committees. They were before the Commit-
tee of Claims, and the Committee on Foreign Re-
lations, and he knew not how many others.
it seemed to him that there ought to be some
rule established by which these matters should be
differently regulated. H'e supposed the practice
had grown up in: consequence of'the new rule
under which gentlemen were permitted to hand
their petitions to the Clerk with an endorsement
upon them of the committee to which the gentle-
man presenting such petitions desired that they
should be referred. The Speaker of the House
could not be expected ttfbe able to examine them
all, and ascertain whether the reference proposed
in every case was the appropriate reference. There
ought to be some rule adopted by which every
subject should be confined to a .single committee,
whose exclusive duty it should be to investigate
it and report to the House the result of such
investigation. There would then be some respon-
sibility in regard to every subject. With regard
to the particular resolution then before the House,
it seemed to him that the proper course would be
to refer it to the Committee of the Whole House
on the state of the Union; but he was opposed to
making it the special order for any particular day,
because there were many important subjects now
pending, which were to be discussed in Committee
of the Whole; among others the subject of the ad-
mission of California into the Union as a State, the
deficiency bill, and all the general appropriation
Bills, which subjects must necessarily occupy
much time, if not all the time between the present
day and the day on which it might be reasonably
anticipated that an adjournment of Congress would
take place. He was unwilling, therefore, that this
subject should receive a special assignment, until
those important matters should have been disposed
of; but if the resolution were simply referred to
the Committee of the Whole on tne state of the
Union, it could be suffered to remain without be-
ing acted upon until the Committee on Commerce
made their icport on the subject of reciprocal trade,
and the whole subject might then be acted upon
at as early a day as might be consistent with the i
paramount obligations which they were under to !
dispose of the other and more important questions J
that were already before the House. ;
Mr. THOMPSON, of Pennsylvania, inquired ;
whether it was now in order to move to suspend '
the rules? i
The SPEAKER replied that it was in order. !
Mr. PRESTON KING asked the gentleman j
from Pennsylvania to withhold his motion for a :
moment, in order that he might make an inquiry. ,
Mr. THOMPSON acquiescing, '
Mr. PRESTON KING inquired of the chair- f
man of the Committee on Commerce, whether the 1
whole subject was before that committee, and ,
whether the committee intended to report upon the j
subject of the free navigation of the St. Lawrence, i
as well as upon the subject of reciprocity of trade? i
Mr. McLANE said he would answer the gen- !
tleman. I
The SPEAKER observed that the gentleman j
from Pennsylvania was entitled to the floor, hav- j
irig yielded it to the gentleman from New York, j
Mi*. McLANE said the floor having been yield- j
ed for a question, it would be proper thai the an- ]
swer should he £iven.
Mr. THOMPSON waived his right to the floor,
and
Mr. McLANE proceeded to say* in reply to the
gentleman from New York, that the Committee
on Commerce were prepared to report the recipro-
city.bill- He fuither stated, that when the honor-
able g'-mleman from Michigan reported this joint
resolution, and moved its reference to the Com-
mittee of the Whole on the state of the Union,
and that u be made the special order of the day
for a particular day, it struck his mind at once,
that tf the House should concur in the motion,
wad proceed to take action on the subject, it would
interfere with action upon the same subject as in- |!
volved in the reciprocity bill, which was now be- i;
fore the Committee on Commerce, Some confu- j
sion or misapprehension in regard to it, arising,
doubtless, from his own fault, had led to the sup- j
position that he desired its reference to the Com- ;
miuee on Commerce. . ;
His purpose was not to interpose any objection
to its reference to the Committee of the Whole on
the state of the Union, but he desired that action
upon it should be arrested until the reciprocity
bill should be reported, for the reason that he had
already stated. The Committee on Commerce
were prepared to report the reciprocity bill in its
original shape—in the shape 111 which it passed
this House at the last session. The bill would
be reported without any amendment, and he was
prepared also to report to the House the correspond-
ence which had taken place between the British
Minister and the Secretary of State of the United
States, in which the British Minister stated that
he was authorized by his Government to accede
to the free navigation of the St. Lawrence, with
the use of the adjacent canals, if the reciprocity
bill should become a law.
His simple object was to prevent any action of
this House which should conflict with, or embar-
rass, the action which the Committee on Com-
merce had taken on the same subject, referred to
that committee by the order of the House. Be-
yond the performance of this parliamentary duty,
he did not wish to4 interfere with his friend from
Michigan.
Mr PRESTON KING said he had made the
inquiry in relation to this matter so that there
might be a clear understanding in regard to it, as
he hoped that action would be had on the subject
at an early day. He was aware that there was
important business which would, perhaps, if this
subject should not be postponed, interfere with
action upon it. If, however, the matter should be
j postponed, they would be enabled to procure all
I the tacts 111 relation to it. And he was gratified to
learn fiom the gentleman from Maryland, that the
[ correspondence between the British Minister and
! the Secretary of State would be reported to the
I House from that committee.
Mr. WENTYVORTH said, it was true that, as
stated by the gentleman from Maryland, he was
once in tavor of inserting the free navigation of
the St. Lawrence, in the Canadian reciprocity
bill. No gentleman on this floor represented a
district so deeply interested in the free navigation
of the St. Lawrence as he did, and with them time
: was everything. He entertained no doubt but the
j navigation of the St. Lawrence would eventually
; be tree. This was destiny. But he and his con-
j stituents wanted that freedom now. it was import-
ant that American vessels be enabled to pass up
i and down the St. Lawrence this season. It was
true, that it was on his motion that the chairman
of the Committee on Commerce was instructed to
j ask to have the reciprocity bill recommitted to the
Committee on Commerce. His object was to
make the free navigation of the St. Lawrence cer-
1 tain, and he objected to reporting the bid back to
i the House without the insertion of the free naviga-
j tion of tiiat river, until he had satisfied himself that
i the British Government would give us that freedom
] on the passage of the reciprocity bill. The free
j navigation of the St. Lawrence had ever been a fa-
. vorite object with him, and he had satisfied himself
- at the time the recipiocity bill passed the House
! before, that the freedom of the St. Lawrence would
Lbe secured thereby. And he regretted the defeat
I of that bill, because it had delayed that great ad-
j vantage up to this time. He now only wanted to
I be satisfied that the freedom of the St. Lawrence
would be secured by the passage of the pending
ij bill. He had so satisfied himself-, and when the
ji bill came up, he should ask to have read a corre-
I; spondence now before the Committee on Com-
!| merce, between the British minister (Mr. Bulwei)
jl and our Secretary of State, (Mr. Clayton.; The
h pending bill Had already passed the Canadian Legis-
i lature, and received the sanction of the Home Uov-
;! ernment. Pass the bill as it now is, to-day, and
■ to-morrow Sir Henry Bulwer mukes the procla-
|' mation, declaring the St. Lawrence and the Cana-
)' dian canals as free to our citizens as to the sub-
jects of Great Britain. Amend the bill in any
respect, and the great advantages to be derived
II from the proclamation ot Sir Henry Bulwer would
jj be postponed until the Canadian Legislature could
again act, and the Home Government again sanc-
tion. By any amendment, the advantages would
be certainly lost for this season, if not for several
seasons. It is objected that Great Britain, by
proclamation, can at any moment withdraw the
freedom of the St. Lawrence and that of her
canals. I grant it, and we also can repeal th'e
reciprocity bill when we please. But hpw is the
case bettered by putting the freedom of the St.
Lawrence in the bill itself, even did it cause no
delay? Great Britain can as easily repeal the re-
ciprocity bill as she can withdraw the freedom of
the St. Lawrence by proclamation. Gentlemen
seem to think that joint legislation has the
binding force of a treaty; whereas, were a treaty
to be made, he would of course insist that the
freedom of the river St. Lawrence and of the
Canadian canals be made a sine qua non. He
feared that the opposition to this desirable object
had assumed a more formidable shape than ever
before. It was endeavoring to delay by amend-
ments, what it could not defeat by directly oppo-
sing it. There were countless amendments in-
tended to be offered to the bill, and if they were
all adopted, he feared that still more would be
conjured up, until some were adopted which would
be sure to cause the rejection of the bill, either by
the Colonial or Home Government.
Under all the circumstances of the case, Mr.
W. called upon the friends of the free navigation
of the St. Lawrence to vote down all amendments
to the Canadian reciprocity bill, and to pass it
directly, as itcame from the Canadian authorities.
This would bring what they wanted in the quickest
way, and in equally as sure a way as any other,
save by treaty.
Mr. PRESTON KING said,it appeared to him
that the condition of this whole subject of our in-
j tercourse with the Canadas and the free navigation
I of the St. Lawrence, should, so far as it could, be
: stated to the House. For this purpose he had
made the inquiry. He believed that the House
! was entirely willing that it should be referred to
| the Committee of the Whole House, and that the
! resolution should be printed. Upon the motion,
| tneiefore, to refer the resolution to the Committee
! of the Whole, he would move the previous ques-
! tion.
i The demand for the previous question was with-
l| drawn at the request of Mr. Buel, who said he
Ij would renew it.
! Mr. BUEL said, he wished the House fully to
understand the nature of the resolution reported,
; as well as the question pending. The resolution
; declares that the free navigation of the St. Law-
1 rence river for commercial purposes demands the
1 earnest attention of the American Government,
and that it is highly desirable to secure the free
: navigation of that river to American commerce at
an early day. Such are almost the very terms and
language of the resolution. I desire it to be
further understood, that the free navigation of the
' St. Lawrence is one question, and reciprocal trade
with Canada another. They are independent and
have no necessary connection. The report of the
Committee on Foreign Affairs concerns the former
question alone.
I know it is understood that the British minister
has expressed a willingness to grant the free navi-
gation of this river after we have granted recip-
rocal trade; but, sir, I am not willing to rely upon
the mere promise of the British Government to
extend to us the right after we shall have passed
i the bill for reciprocal trade, and thus put that sub-
. ject beyond our control. I do not intend now to
express my opinion upon the reciprocity meosur^,
' but I will say thus much, that, until I receive
further light upon the question, 1 cannot consent
to grant reciprocity of trade without freedom of
navigation, and I must therefore say* if no n*\vi-
■ cation, n'o reciprocity. The question of fiee
navigation piesems itself to my mind not simplv
as a privilege to be .secured, but as a right, that
ought to be acknowledged as such by Gieat
Britain.
One word further, sir. The honorable member
from Maryland [Mr. McLanl] bus said that he
designed to arreat present action upon the lesolu-
tion. Well, sir, what I seek by the report and
■ resolution is, free navigation of the St. Lawrence,
and I am not stienuous as to the source from
which it may come, provided it come. And I
will not say to the honorable chairman of the
! Committee on Commerce, when he comes w.th
