1850.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
1989
" For defraying the expenses of the chemical analysis
of vegetable substances produced and u«edforthe food of
•man and animals in the (Jiuted States, to be expended un-
der Hie directum of the Commissioner of Patents, one
thousand dollars, to be paid out of the patent fund."
Amendments Nos. 46 and 47. Insert after the
word " employed" in the clause below,"the words
under th{ direction of the Department of State in
the reconstruction of the maps of the boundary under
the treaty of Washington, and." And insert after
the word " maps" where it last occurs, " the sum
of #1,115."
(> For the pay of draftsmen and assistants to the head of
the Scientific Corps, employed in copying and recording
seven thousand dollars; the rent of rooms emplovedfor as-
sistants to tf e head of the Scientific Corps engaged in re-
cording, copying, &c., including fuel for the same, five hun-
dred dollars; airendance on office rooms, and expenses of
employing .messengers, five hundred dollar*; purchase of
drawing paper, and other necessary drawing matemis and
ofiiee furniture, three hundred and seventy-five dollars;
•stationery for office use, one hundred dollais; mileage and
  expenses of officers employed in examinations required on
the frontiers of Vermont and New York, eight hundred and
forty dollars ; for survey and examination of that portion of
the line Iving on the noithern frontiers of Vermont and New
York, embracing hire of men and Uuir transportation and
subsistence, hire of horses and b.iggrige waggons, camp
equipage and its transportation, purchase of instruments
and all contingencies, five thousand dollars; and compen-
sation of two private soldiers, for their services as draftsmen
in reconstructing maps, making in all, fifteen thousand four
hundred and thirty dollars."
Amendment No. 48. Insert in page 44, after
line 12, the following::
<f For salary of John Catlin, as Secretary and acting Gov-
ernor of Wisconsin Territory, from the tenth day of June,
Anno Domiiii eighteen hundred and forty-eight, to the fourth
of March, eighteen hundred and forty-rime, at twenty-five
hundred dollars per annum, being eight months and twenty-
two days, eighteen hundred and tweuty-eight dollars and
seventy-seven cents."
Mr. BAYLY. I have been instructed by the
unanimous vote of the Committee of Ways and
Means to recommend that this amendment be re-
jected.
The question was put on concurring in the
amendment, and it was disagreed to.
Amendment No. 49 of the Senate. In page 46,
after line 22, insert:
"To reimburse the corporation of Washington the amount
advanced to complete the paving of fifteenth street, in front
of the Treasury Department, including the culvert, two
thousand three hundred and nine dollars and ninety cents,
upon it being shown to the Secretary of the Treasury that
said sufm of money was so advanced by the corporation of
Washington,"
Mr. BAYLY said he was instructed by the
Committee of Ways and Means to recommend
that this amendment be not concurred in.
The question was put, and the amendment was
disagreed to.
Amendment No. 491 of the Senate. In page 46,
after line 22, insert the following:
" For making hydrographical and topographical surveys to
decide on the practicability and cost of improving the navi-
gation of the Ohio river by a system of reservoirs to serve
as feeders in periods of low water, according to the plan
proposed by Charles Eljet, Jr., civil engineer, the sum of
twenty thousand dollars; the money to be expended under
the direction of the Secretary of the Treasury, and the sur-
veys, with all necessary observation*, measurements, re-
connaissances, and estimates to be made by a mixed eoin-
misr-iori of topographical and civil engineers, to be selected
by the President of the United States."
Mr. BAYLY said he had been instructed by
the Committee of Ways and Means to recommend
a non-concurrence in this amendment.
Mr. B1SSELL offered an amendment. He said
the Clerk need not read it through, but merely by
its title, being the bill making appropriation for
certain rivers and harbors.
Mr. BAYLY rose to a point of order, and sub-
mitted that it was not in order to move the river
and harbor bill as an amendment to the civil and
diplomatic bill.
The CHAIRMAN. The Chair so decides.
Mr. BISSELL appealed from the decision.
He stated that the amendment varied from
the river and harbor bill in one item only, which
he read, and repeated that it was not necessary-to
read the bill. He hoped the reading would, by
unanimous consent, be suspended, as it would
unnecessarily consume time.
The Clerk commenced the reading of the bill.
Mr. BISSELL renewed his suggestion that the
reading was unnecessary.
Mr. JONES. Yes, let every word be read.
The CHAIRMAN. The Clerk will read the
amendment. It is obvious that the committee
cannot judge upon the appeal except they hear the
amendment read.
The Clerk proceeded with the reading.
Mr. KING, of New Jersey, interposed, and
suggested that the question whether the amend*
mentwas in order be first decided; if it was ruled
to be in order it would then be time enough to
read the amendment. It was a waste of time
now.
Mr. JONES. So far as I am concerned, I with-
draw the call for the reading: until I see what dis-
position the House make of the appeal.
The CHAIRMAN. The Chair has decided
that the reading of the amendment is necessary in
order to enable the committee to decide upon the
appeal.
Objections were made to dispensing with the
reading.
The Clerk accordingly resumed and completed
the reading of the amendment, which consisted
(as stated by Mr. Bissell) of the river and har-
bor bill modified by the Committee on Com-
merce.
The CHAIRMAN. The Chair decides the
amendment not in order. From that decision the
gen'lemari from Illinois appeals. The question is,
"Shall the decision of the Chair stand as the
judgment of the Committee?" The Chair asks
that the 55th and 81st rules be read:
5i>. " No motion or proposition on a subject different from
that under consideration shall he admitted under color
of amendment. No bill or resolution shall, at any time,
he amcndi-'d by annexing thereto, or incorporating there-
with, any other bill or resolution pending before the
House."
81. "No appropriation shall be reported on such pending
appropriation bilb, or be in orderas an amendment thereto,
for any expenditure not previously authorized by law:
unless in continuation of appropriations for such public
works and objects hs> are already in pioureps, and for the
contingencies for carrying on the several departments of
the Government."
The CHATR decides that the amendment is
not in order, for the reasons assigned in the two
rules which have been read, and for the addi-
tional reasons that it is not germane, and it has no
relation whatever to the amendmentof the Senate.
The Chair craves the indulgence of the committee
to say, that although the amendment of the Senate
may be in contravention of the rules of the
House, it is not subject to be ruled out of order
by the House; but that does not authorize the
House to make* any amendment contrary to its
own rules. The question is, "Shall the decision
of the Chair stand as the judgment of the House?"
Mr. BUEL inquired whether the amendment
was the same bill as the river and harbor bill ?
The CHAIRMAN. The Chair is unhesita-
tingly of the opinion that it is the same bill. The
Chair be°;s to say that the alteration of one word,
or of several words-—of a single feature, or any
slight modification of a bill, which does not to-
tally change the structure of the bill, does not
alter it.
Mr. BUEL. I understand it is not the same
bill. It has been modified.
Mr. McCLERNAND. I wish to know what
is the aggregate amount of the appropriations con-
tained in thatamendment?
The CHAIRMAN. The Chair does not know.
It is very large.
The question on the appeal was taken by tellers
—Messrs. Morton and Hamilton-—and decided
in the affirmative—ayes 73, noes 64.
So the decision of the Chair was sustained, and
the amendment of Mr. Bissell was ruled out of
order.
The question recurred on concurring in the
amendment of the Senate, and it was disagreed to.
Amendment No. 50. Insert in the bill the fol-
lowing:
" To pay the amount of subscription under the joint res-
olution of the 3d of March, 1849, lor one thousand copies
of the annals of Conzress, to the end of the fourth Congress,
and to include the first Congress as well as the second,
third, arid fourth Congresses, $30,000."
Mr. BAYLY said he had been instructed by
the Committee of Ways and Means to recommend
a concurrence in this amendment. The work had
been already ordered by Congress.
Mr. ASHMUN moved an amendment providing
that the Secretary of the Senate and Clerk of the
House subscribe on behalf of Congress for two
thousand copies of the debates and proceedings of
the First to the Erghteenth Congresses, inclusive,
to be deposited with t^e Librarian of Congress for
the future disposition of Congress.
Mr. JONES, of Tennessee, raised a question of
order on the ground of relevancy.
The CHAIR ruled the amendment out of orde*-.
And after gome conversation between the Chair
and Mr. Ashmun,
The question,4S Shall the decision of the Chair
stand as the judgment of the committee r" was
put, and taken by tellers, (Messrs. Casey, and
Harris of Tennessee, acting as such,) and de-
cided in the affirmative—ayes 71, noes 65.
So the amendment was ruled out of order.
Mr. STANTON, of Kentucky,"moved to amend
the amendmentof the Senate by adding the fol-
lowing:
"And one full of such of said books as are now on
band shall- be delivered by the Clerk to each of the new
members of the present Congress."
Mr. HIBBARD raised a question of order
against the amendment.
The CHAIR ruled the amendment out of order.
Mr. STANTON appealed from the decision of
the Chair.
The question was then put, " Shall the decision
of the Chair stand as the judgment of the com-
mittee r" and earned in the affirmative.
The question was then put on concurring in the
amendment of the Senate, and it was agreed to.
Amendment No. 51 of the Senate. To insert
the following: #
" For continuing the publication of the works of the Ex-
ploring; Expedition, including the printing of the charts, the
pay of scientific corps, salary of the horticulturist, and care
of the collccuons, twenty-five thousand dollars."
Mr. BAYLY said, he had been instructed by the
Committee of Ways and Means to recommend
that this amendment be not concurred in.
The question was put, and the amendment was
not concurred in.
Amendment No. 52 of the Senate. In page 2,
after line 26, insert:
" For the purchase of books for the Library of the Treas-
ury Department, $1,000; for the purchase of a library to be
preseived in the Executive Mansion, 000; and the Joint
Committee on the Library of Congress are hereby author-
ized to supply the said libraries with any duplicates ot pub-
he documents which can be spared ftom the public collec-
tions in tiie Library of Congress or elsewhere."
Mr. BAYLY stated that he had been instructed
by the Committee of Ways and Means to recom-
mend that the amendment be concurred in.
Mr. ASHMUN moved to amend the amend-
ment by adding the following:
i( And the Secretary of the Senate and the Clerk of the
House of Representatives be authorized and required to
subscribe, on behalf of Congress, for 2,000 copies of the de-
bates and proceedings of Congress from the commencement
of the first session of the first" Congress (of which the 1,0C0
copies of the first four Congresses, already subscribed for,
be eonsidered as part ) to the second session of the eighteenth
Congress, when the Register of Debates, already published,
begins ; the price per volume not to exceed that agreed
upon for the volumes already printed and delivered under
the title of « Annals of Congress," which copies (after dis-
tributing one copv to each member ot the Thiity-first Con-
gress nut provided for by the previous order for supplying
the memheis of the Thirtieth Congress) shall be deposited
with the Librarian of Congress for the future disposition of
Congress."
Mr. JONES raisd a question of order. It was,
he said, the same amendment which had a few
minutes ago heen ruled out of order.
The CHAIRMAN ruled the amendment out of
order.
Mr. ASHMUN appealed-from that decision,
and called for tellers on the question; and Messrs.
Fowler and Green were appointed such.
The question was then taken, " Shall the decis-
ion of the Chair stand as the judgment of the com-
mittee?" and it was decided in the negative—ayes
60, noes 77.
Mr. JONES moved that the committee rise.
The question was taken, and decided in the neg-
ative.
The question w as then taken on the amendment
to the amendment, and it was agreed to.
The question recurring on the amendment of
• the Senate as amended, it was taken by tellers, and
carried in the affirmative—ayes 75, noes 49.
Amendment of the Senate No. 53. Increasing
the appropriation for a temporary messenger in
the office of the Third Auditor, from $500 to &600.
Mr. BAYLY. The Committee of Ways and
Means recommend a concurrence in this amend-
ment. .
The question was put, and it was concurred m.
Amendment No. 54 of the Senate. In page 6,
after line 8, insert:
"For arreirn^e* to extra clerks authorized to be em-
ployed in .-.lut offiee f; firat December next, tour hundred
and thirty-five dollars."
