896
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
May 2.
The fourth section of the bill was then read, as
follows:
Sec. 4. M fie il farther enacted, That rach marsh*! mav,
"andff-<ii««Me to perform the duties hin^eFC, shall appoint
m a<fei<i« t each subdivision, who is a resident therein,
pi whom he shall give a commission, under his hand, au-
thorizing him ro.peifojrm, the duties herein as*tened to as-
sU-ifan't'Sj which commission rffiall set forth the boundaries
of tfi&. subdivision, and the estimated number of square
utiles contained in the same, of which appointment so
ina^e, ami the boundaries so specified, and the square miles
so estimated in each, subdivision, the marshal shall keep a
true and faithful record.
Mr. THOMPSON^ under instructions from the
Committee on the Judiciary, moved to amend the
section by striking out the words tt and the esti
mated number of square miles contained in the
same," and also the words " and the square miles
so estimated in each subdivsion."
The question was taken, and the amendment
was agreed to.
Mr. THOMPSON further moved to amend the
section, in the second line, by striking- out the
words " may, and if unable to perform the duties
himself."
There was (Mr. T. said) another provision in
the hill Tor this object, so it was proper to strike
it out here.
The question was taken, and the amendment
was agreed to.
Mr. THOMPSON also moved a ve/bat amend-
ment, in. the ninth line, which was Agreed to.
Mr. EVANS, of Maryland, moved to amend
the section in the seventh line, after the word
u subdivision," by inserting the words " and the
number of square miles contained therein;" and
also to amend by inserting in the ninth and tenth
lines, the words " and the square miles in each
subdivision.1'
The CHAIRMAN said that the amendment
was not in order, because the committee had
already stricken out the words which the gentle-
man from Maryland [Mr. Evans] proposed to
insert.
Mr. EVANS. Not exactly.
The CHAIRMAN said he could see no dis-
tinction, and he decided the amendment out of
order.
So the amendment was not received.
No further amendment was ottered to the sec-
tion.
The fifth section of the' bill was then read, as fol-
lows:
Sec. 5. *flnd be it further enacted^ That each marshal shili
Seasonality supply each a^si-tant with the mstHionon> is-
sued by the D-'parfmcrtf of the Interior, the blank* provided
for the enumeration of' the population and the collection of*
other -•tatisnr--, and five to him fioiri time to time all su<-h
information and  hrecno?js a^ may be neces-ary to f nabie ,
hfin to di^clmige his duty; (and when such a-siNtants sh ill ,
have complefd then labor.-, ?aid marshal:? by whom they ;
are respectively appointed siia l examine the return-*, and
cau$e all eirors to he coi reeled, and all omission;*, if any, to
be. supplied; and a;ter such corrections are made, one com-
plete copy thereof shall he transmitted to the Secretary of
the Fnterior, and -ifier the other two copies herein provided
for are arranged and bound at the expanse of tlx. United
States, when if can he conveniently done, on<j copy thereof
shall he dfpositfd with a court of record in the county
where the Mihditfifion t>  whtc it relates is, and Th** other
shall be delivered to the Secretary of Snte for the State
when in tne marshal's district is, to be kept among the
archives of the State.]
Mr. THOMPSON, of Pennsylvania, under in-
structions from the Committee on the Judiciary,
moved to strike out ali that portion of the section 1
which is in brackets, and insert the following:
'£ He shall carefully examine ichether the returns of each \
as<v-t>xnt inarahal be ma.de in cmformity with, the terms '
of this act.atid where discrep-mtiet are tietecUd, require the ■
same to he correited. He shalt d.spo±e of the t<xo sets of the
returns required from, the a*>$ulaut marshals as hereinafter 1
proi irtp,if,,r* as follows: one set he shall tran mit fbr(h<ntt). S
to the Secretary of the Interior; and the other (Ojy thereof he '
shall tra-ismt h the offi-eoj the Secretary of the State or
'J errHoty to uhf./i his ihihitt heloi-gs. He ^kali clatsijy and '■
defeimiue the rule of compensation to he paid to eiu.lt as-
sistant maishal according to the pi o visions of this act, subject
to the final apj rural oj the •ccietary of the Ihterior. He
shall fiam titruth time m-.keh-rtf-ef a■ quah.ted t ith the ■prog-
res^ made by e<uh acsist-.itt mt>n>hu/ la the discharge of his
duties, and in case ofin< hlity or neglect arising f rum sickness,
or otha wise, appoint a substitute."'
The question was taken and the amendment was
agreed to.
No further amendment was offered to this sec-
tion.
The sixth section of the bill (requiring: the mar- ,
shal to keep a watchful supervision of his assist- 1
ants, &c., &o ) was read, ami, j
On motion by Mr. THOMPSON, of Pennsyl- |
vania, (a like provision,,Mr. T. said, having been •
made in another part of the bill,) the section was
stricken oat.
The seventh section was agreed to, without
amendment, in the words following:
Sec. 7. Jlnd be it farther enact &l, Tuat if any marshal
shall, by any arrangement  r understanding whatever, se-
cure so himself any tee, reward, or compensation for the
appointment of an as tsram, or s-hall n  any way secure to
himself any part of the compensation provided by tins act
tor the services of assistants, or if he shall knowingly tie-
elect or refuse to perform the duties herein assigned to lum,
he shall, in any such case, be deemed guilty o^a misde-
meanor, and if convicted in any such case, shal! for Mich
offence forfeit and pay not less than one thousand dollars.
The eighth section of the bill was read, as fol-
lows:
Sec. 8. Ani be it further enacted, [That any marshal of the
United Stales may, tor any purpoats n>'t inconsistent with
the duties nfthe a^Maute hertin provided lor, appoint a
deputy or deputies to act in his behalf, hut for all otfteial
acts of «uch deputy or deputies, the marshal shall be re-
sponsible : Provided, ho" erer, at« appointment to collect the
s-ocial ! tati>iics tball no\ be deemed an interterence with
the duties of the aasis-tauts.]
Mr. THOMPSON, of Pennsylvania, under in-
structions from the Committee on the Judiciary,
moved to strike out this section, and insert in lieu
thereof the following:
" Any marshal of the United States may, in case of side-
nest or other disability, appoint a deputy for the special "pur-
poses of this act, subject to the approval oj the Secretai y of
the Interior, who shall hate all the powers, perform all the
dutus, and besubject to all the penalties of the said marshal."
Mr. PUTNAM moved to amend by striking out
the whole of the section, and inserting the foiiow-
ingasa substitute:
"That in case of sickness or other inability of the mar-
shal to perform the duties enjoined upon him l*v tins act, or
any part thereof, lie may appoint a deputy under him, sub-
ject to the approval of the Secretary ol tht? Interior, who
may perform the same dudes, and shall be subject hi the
like penalties as the nmr-hal. The pmvisioiH respect ng
the oath of the marshal herein before stated, shall apply to
his deputv in every paiticular."
Mr. PUTNAM said he believed he was correct
in saying that there was nothing in the Dill which
requued the deputy marshals to be sworn.
Mr. STEVENS, of Pennsylvania, expressed
the belief that such a provision was contained in
a subsequent section.
Mr. PUTNAM said he thought the gentleman
was mistaken, and that there was no such provis-
ion. He supposed that it was as important that
the deputy-marshals should be swotn as that the
mar hal should he. He had, therefore, made pro-
vision in this particular in his amendment.
The amendment reported from the Committee
on the Judiciary seemed to look, and in point of
fact did look, to a total disability on the part of
the marshal to perfuim the duties of his office.
Now, it mi:.'ht be i.ecessary and proper that he
should appoint deputies to perform some of his
duties, to which he would be unable to attend on
accountof the vast amount of duties devolved upon
him. He read the words proposed by the Jndi- ,
ciary Committee to be inserted, and said it was ev- '
icient that they provided m tne cases to which they •
applied, for an entire transfer to the'deputy mar-
shals of the powers of the marshals. He saw no
reason why, in cases where duties were devolved ,
upon the marshals so onerous that they could not
be discharged by them, they should not be divided
between the marshals and their deputies who might
be approved by the Secretary of the Inteuor. His
amendment obviated the difficulty by tequiring the
deputy marshal to take the same oath a& the mar-
shal himself.
Mr. HALL proposed to move an amendment
to the amendment of the gentleman Irom New
Yoik, [Mr. Putnam,] to strike out therein the
words "subject to the approval of the Secretary of .
the Interior.1'
The CHAIRMAN stated that no further amend-
ment was now in order, theie being now pending
an amendment to an amendment.
Mr. THOMPSON, of Penrit-yivania, suggested ,
that the gentleman fjom New York eouid not 1
have thoroughly examined the bill; the tenth sec-
tion provided that the deputy marshals should be
sworn, and prescribed the form of the oath; and
the precise provision of the other part of the
amendment was contained in the bill. There wa*
no sort of necessity for the amendment
The question was taken, and the amendment of
Mr. Putnam v\as rejected. w
The quesii m recurring upon theamendmentre- i
ported fiom the committee.
On motion by Mr. STANTON, of Kentucky, a I
verbal amendment to the amendment was agreed 5
to, so as (by a transposition of words) to make
the amendment proposed by the committee read:
{: Fie, may, in ca«e of thickness or other disability, appoint,
subject to tiie approval of the Secretary of the fnterior, a
deputy mar hal for the special purposes of this act," Sw:.
Mr. EVANS, of Maryland, moved an amend-
ment to the amendment, to strike out in the ninth
line the words "or other disability,"
He said he would like to know from the gen-
tleman who reported the bill, the meaning of the
words "or other disability ?" He could very well
understand ih^t a marshal in case of sickness ought
to have power to appoint deputies; but if the
marshal were sent to the penitentiary, for instance,
should he have the power to appoint deputies to
execute his*duties?
Mr. THOMPSON, of Pennsylvania, said he
supposed the question was not a very important
one. There mi^ht be cases in which the marshal
might be absent on other official duties, serving
processes, &e. There would be cases of disability
m which they should be authorized to appoint,
their deputies.
Mr. EVANS said, that in such cases there
would be no disability of the marshals.
He withdrew the amendment to the amendment.
Mr. STEVENS, of Pennsylvania, renewed it.
There was something (said Mr. S.) in the crit-
icism. of the gentleman from Maryland. There
was a difference in the meaning of the words dis-
ability and inability. He would suggest to the
chairman of the Judiciary Committee whether
inability would not be the better word here?
The question being taken, the amendment to
the amendment was lejected.
The question recurring on the amendment of the
committee—
Mr. MARSHALL moved an amendment to
strike out the vvoids proposed by the Committee
i on the Judiciary to be inserted.
| He said he saw no necessity for this section.
| What were the duties required by this section of
j the marshals? Thpy were to layout their re-
i spective districts into subdivisions, to appoint
j their assistants, examine the returns as they came
j in,&c. Now was there a lawyer in this House
j who did not know that what a marshal did by a
; deputy or agent he did by himself? There was no
j necessity to swear a deputy to perform any of
! these particular duties; they might as weil tequiie
the deputy to be sworn every time he returned a
1 process.
He saw no object whatever for the section, ex-
i cept it m'ght be to affo.d the marshals an oppor-
tunity to shift his responsibility upon his depuue?,
and open a door for corruption in this matter. He
held that the marshal was himself responsible,
under his oath, for the acts of his deputies.
Mr. THOMPSON, of Pennsylvania, raised the
point that the amendment to the amendment was
not in order.
The CHAIRMAN overruled the point of order.
The question being taken, the amendment to the
amendment was rejec ed.
Mr. HALL moved to amend the amendment of
the committee, by striking: out in the 10th and
1 Ith lines the wntds, subject to the approval of
the Secretary of the Interior."
Mr. H. said, if it were necessary for the mar-
shals io appoint deputies, they ou^ht to be able to
do so without sending on their appointments to
Washington to be approved by the Secretary of
the Interior. He said it took about thiee weeks
for a letter to come from gome parts of his State
to this city. Of course after it arrived it would
be some time before the Secretary reached it and
acted upon it; theanswer would then u-qune three
weeks to be returned; thus it would consume
about two months for the marshals in his S;aie to
obtain the approval of the Secretary of the Interior
to the appointments of their deputus, a delay
whieh was not necessary. The marshals should
have the power to appoint their deputies upon
their general responsibility, tor the proper dis-
chiiftce of their duties.
Mr. THOMPSON, of Pennsylvania, auid he
thought the amendment might perhaps be weil
enough to save time.
The question wa« taken,and the amendment to
the amendment was no-reed to.
Toe question recuiring on the amendment of
the Committee on the Judiciary, (above given,)
was taken, and decided in the affirmative.
