1990
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
Sept. £7,
Mr. BAYLY said, the Committee of Ways and
Means recommend a eonc.urrenc.e in this amend-
ment. They are satisfied it ought to be paid.
The question was put, and the amendment was
agreed to.
Amendment No. 55 of the Senate. Insert in
page 6, after line 23, as follows:
"And for additional compensation to the messenger of
the $>aid Solicitoi'ffof $e Treasury,] two hundred dollars."
Mr. BAYLY said he was directed by the Com-
mittee of Ways and Means to recommend a non-
concurrence in the amendment. ■
The question was put, and it was disagreed to.
Amendment No. 56 of the Senate. In page 11,
after line 3, insert:
ce For the compensation of clerks and mes«engers, four-
teen thousand two hundred dollars ; Provided, That the first
proviso in the not of May twenty-fifth, eighteen hundred
and fifty, entitled 'An act to supply deficiencies in the ap-
propriations for the service of the fiscal year ending June
thirtieth, eighteen hundred and fifty," be arid the game is
hereby lepeuled."
Mr. BAYLY said he hfid been directed by the
Committee of Ways and Means to recommend
that the amendment be not concurred in.
The question was put, and the amendment was
agreed to—ayes 73, noes 65.
The following amendments of the Senate, on the
recommendation of the Committee of Ways and
Means, were concurred in:
Amendment No. 57. In page 11, after line 8,
add:
" That the assistant messengers', laborer?, and packers of
the General Land Office shall, fiom and after Ihe 1st day of
July, 1850, icceive at the rate of §500 per annum for tneir
services."
Amendment No. 58. In page 11, line 20, at the
end thereof, add:
"And the salary of assistant messenger, [in the office of
Commissioner oJ Pensions,] to$500, to be computed from the
1st day of July last."
Amendment No. 59 of the Senate. In page 14,
after line 6, insert:
"Tiiat the sum of §9 >1 54, heretofore appropriated for
clerical service in the Quarterma^ier General'^ office, and
which remains unexpended, be paid under the direction of
the Q,uaiteinaster General to the persons who performed the
duties for which the appropriation was made.
Mr. BAYLY said, he had been instructed by
the Committee of Ways and Means to advise the
House not to concur in this amendment.
The question was put on concurring in the
amendment, and it was disagreed to.
Amendment No. CO of the Senate. In page 19,
after line 29, insert:
" The Secretary of the Treasury be and he is hereby au-
thorized and directed to contract, upon the most reasonable
terms, with the proprietors of some well-established assaying
works now in successful operation in California, upon sat-
isfactory seeuniy, to be judged by the Secretary of the Treas-
ury, who shall under the supervision of the United States
assayer, to be appointed by the President, by and with the
advice and consent of the Senate, perform such duties in
assaying and fixing the value ol gold in grain and tumps, and
in forming the&ame into bars, as shall be prescribed by the
Secretary ot the Tieasury ; and th,.t the said United States
assayer shall cause the stamp of the United States indicating
the dearee ol fineness and value, to be affixed to each bar or
ingot of gold that may be issued from the establishment:
Provided, That the United State? shall not be held lesponsi-
ble for the loss of any gold deposited with said proprietors
for assay: Jlnd ponded, further. That the salary of said
assayer shall he nved t>y the Secretary of the Treasury not
to exceed $5,000."
Mr. BAYLY said he had been instructed by the
Committee of Ways and Means to recommend
that this amendment of the Senate be concurred
in.
Mr. PHCENIX moved to amend the amend-
mend by adding the following:
"To establish a bianeh ofthe Mintofthe United States in the
ci t v ofNmv Yoik for the eoitiiige of gold, silver, ai-d copper,
and for the purpose of purchasing a sight, erecting suitable
buildings, and completing the necet>saiy combinations of
machinery lor the said branch, the sum of $225,000 is
heitb> appropriated, to be paid out of any money in the
TuaMir\ not otherwise appropriated, to be expended by the
Secretary ot the Treasuiy under the dnection of the Presi-
dent of the United Slates.
" To establish a branch of the Mint of the United Stales
at Srt'i Francisco, California, for the coinage of gold and sil-
ver, arid for the purpose of purchasing a sue, erecting suita-
ble buildings and completing the nece>sary combinations of
machinery lor said branch, the sum ot $300,000, to be paid
otu of atf\ in one v m the Tiea^ury not otherwise appropriated,
to be expended by the Secretary ofthe Tieasury under the
direction of the President ot the United* States: Provided,
Th<U any continct made by the Secretary of the Treasury
for an assay otiice in California shall cease on the com-
ni"t.cement ol the operations of any branch Mint ot the
Unr.cd States that may be established in that State."
Mr. HIBBARD raised the point of order, that
the amendment was not in order.
The CHAIRMAN sustained the point of order,
and ruled the amendment out of order.
Mr. PHCENIX appealed from the decision of
the Chair, and aske$ for tellers. Tellers were or-
dered, and Messrs. Morton and Wildrick were
appointed to act as tellers. The vote having been
counted, resulted—ayes 75, noes 69.
So the decision of the Chair was sustained.
Mr. PHCENIX then moved to strike out the
Senate's amendment, and insert his amendment,
as printed above-
Mr. JONES objected. The amendment being
the same, it was not in order.
The CHAIRMAN ruled it out of order.
The question recurred on agreeing to the
amendment of the Senate, and being taken, it was
decided in the affirmative. So the amendment was
concurred in.
Mr. McCLERNAND offered the following, to
come in after line 317:
a To establish a branch of the Mint of the United States
in the city of New York for the coinage of gold, silver, and
copper, and for the purchase of a site, the erection of suita-
ble buildings, and completing the neces^arv combinations of
machinery for said branch,the sum of $22.*j,f00 i* hereby
appropriated, to be paid out of any money in the Treasury
not otherwi-e appropriated, to be expended by the Secre-
tarv of the Treasury under the dnectinn of the President of
the United States. To establish a branch of the Mint of the
United State® at San Francisco, in California, for the coinage
of gold and silver, and for the purchase of a site, erecting
suitable buildings, and completing the necessary combina-
tion^ of machinery for said branch, the sum of $300,000, to
be paid out of any mone\ in the Treasury not otheiwise
appropriated, to be expended by the Secretary ofthe Treas-
ury under the direction of the President of the United
Stated: Provided, That previous to the establishment of the
branch Mint m California aforesaid, the Secretary of the
Tieasury is hereby authorized to contract, on the mon
reasonable term*, with some well established assaying
works in California, upon satisfactory security, to perform
the duties of assaying, and in fixing the value of gold m
grain and lump, and in forming the same into bat?, in the
manner to be prescribed bv the Secretary of the Treasury,
under the direction of the President of the United States."
Mr- JONES raised the point of order, that the
amendment was not in order.
The CHAIRMAN ruled the amendment out of
order.
Mr. McCLERNAND appealed from the de-
cision, and asked for tellers.
Mr. CARTTER inquired of the Chair whether
it was in order to renew this amendment continu-
ally, and continue to appeal, compelling the com-
mittee to go through the processof voting over and
over again.
The question being taken (by tellers) on the ap-
peal, the decision of the Chair was sustained by
ayes 67, noes 59. The tellers also reported that
they were informed by several members that they
had voted under a misapprehension, and desired a
recount.
ft was objected to.
The CHAIRMAN said, he knew of no means
by which a new count could be had, unless by
unanimous consent.
The decision of the Chair was sustained.
Mr. ICING, of New Jersey, moved to strike
out the Senate ^amendment, and insert the follow-
ing:
" That the Mint of the United States at Philadelphia he
removed to the city of New York, and henceforth that a
branch Mint be established m the city of San Fiancisco; and
that authority be given hereby to the Mint and its branches
to stamp vaiue according to existing standards, on bars of
gold and silver, as well as to coin money of gold, silver, and
copper; and that .$2-25,000 be appropriated tSierefor, to be
expended under the direction of the Secretary of the Treas-
uty."
Mr. JONES raised the same point of order.
The CHAIRMAN ruled the amendment out of
order.
Mr. KING appealed.
Mr. MILLIARD said, he hoped by universal
consent 
[Cries of'* Order! order!"]
Mr. HILLIARD. I do not intend 
[Cries of u Order! order!"]
The CHAIRMAN. The gentleman from Ala-
bama is out of order.
The question being taken on the appeal, on a count
by tellers, (Messrs. Clarke and Richardson act-
ing as such,) the decision of the Chair was sus-
tained—ayes 77, noes 49.
Mr. CASEY offered the following asasubstitute
for the amendment of the Senate:
" For establishing a branch Mint-of the United Statesand !
assaying office at San Francisco, California, puicha^ins a j
suitable site for the same, and for erecting the necessary j
buildings, to he expended under the direction of the Secie- I
tary of the Treasury, §300,000." 1
Mr. STEVENS, of Pennsylvania, raised a
question of order on the amendment.
The CHAIR ruled it out of order.
Mr. CASEY appealed, but subsequently with--
drew it.
The question was then taken on concurring in
the amendment of the Senate, and 'it #as agreed
to. *
Amendment No. 61 of the Senate. Page 20,
after line 19, insert:
"For an addition to the salary of the judge of the or-
phans'court of the District of Columbia, (which is hereby
increased to $1,500 per annum,) $500."
Mr. BAYLY. 1 am directed by the Commit-
tee of Ways and Means to ask the House to con-
cur in this amendment.
The question was put, and the amendment was
agreed to.
Amendment No. 61 of the Senate. Page 20,
after line 26, insert:
"That the accounting officers be empowered to audit and
adjust, and allow the public printers of Minnesota Terri-
tory,for printing the Constitution of the United States,such
parts of the laws of the United States as relate to the North-
west Territory, and the laws of Wisconsin in force in said
Territory, by provt>ion of the act organizing it. The said
accounts to be subjected to the same rules and principles as
are pte&cribf.d by the act of August 29, 1842, for other terri-
torial accounts."
[A message was here received from the Senate,
informing the House that the Senate had passed
the Indian appropriation bill with certain amend-
ments.
Mr. BAYLY asked the unanimous consent of
the House to move that the bill be referred to the
Committee of Ways and Means.
Mr. McCLERNAND suggested that the bill
should be printed.
Mr BAYLY said he was informed by the pub-
lic printer that u could not be done.
Mr. McCLERNAND. The Senate's amend-
ments add $2,000,000 to the appropriations con-
tained in the bill.]
The question now being on the amendment of
the Senate—
Mr. BAYLY said the Committee of Ways and
Means had voted unanimously to advise the House
to agree to this amendment.
The question was taken, and the amendment
was agreed to.
Amendment No. 63 of the Senate. In page 22,
after line 13, insert:
" For the salary of an additional clerk in the Attorney
General's office, ,52,000."
Mr. BAYLY. I am instructed by the Com-
mittee of Ways and Means to ask the House to
concur in this amendment.
Mr. JONES. I hope the Committee of the
Whole will not concur.
The question was put on the amendment, and
it was carried in the affirmative.
Amendment No. 64 of the Senate. In page 26,
after line 23, insert:
"To aid in the construction of a marine hospital at
BJvan*ville, Indiana, £10.000.
<' To aid in the construction of a marine hospital at Vicks-
burg, Mississippi, $10,000."
Mr. BAYLY said that he had been instructed
by the Committee of Ways and Means to recom-
mend that the first branch of this amendment be
concurred in. He did not, however, agree with
the committee in that opinion.
Mr. ALBERTSON asked permission of the
committee to make a single remark, in support of
the first clause of the amendment.
Objection was mad©-.
The question was taken on the first branch of the
amendment, and it was disagreed to.
Mr. BAYLY said, the Committee of Ways and
Means recommended that the second branch of
the amendment be not concurred in, and on that
point he agreed with them.
The question was then taken, and the second
branch of the amendment was disagreed to.
The following amendments of the Senate were,
under the advisement of the Committee of Ways
and Means, rejected:
Amendment No. 65. In page 29, after line 4,
insert:
«To defray the expenses of a special agent to the three
Republics of Venezuela, New Granada, and Ecuador, to
elaim of those governments, respectively, the Several
amounts due from"each of them on claims of citizens ot the
United States against the lormer governmeatof Columbia,
,£2,000."
Amendment No. 66. In page 30, after line.25,
inseit: 5
