1850.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
1991
" And for the payment of the balance due and unpaid to
Peter Parker for his services, according to the intent and
spirit of the appropriation in the same behalf, contained in
the * Act making appropriation? for the ctvil and diplomatic
expenses of the Government,' &c., approved March 3,1847,
$1,941 80; which, if received, shall be in full of at! ser-
vices, official and unofficial, contemplated by said appro-
priation."
Amendment No. 67 of the Senate. En page 31,
after line 10, insert:
" For relief of Stephen H. Weems, late consul of the
United States at Guatemala, and to enable him to procure
a passage home, $1,21-0, to be expended under the direction
of the State Department."
Mr. BAYLY said that he was instructed by the
Committee of Ways and Means to recommend
that this amendment be concurred in.
Mr. IVJcCLERNAND said that he had been
instructed by the Committee on Foreign Affairs,
by a unanimous vote, to move an amendment.
[This amendment provided an appropriation of
some $4,000 to pay John P. Brown, for his ser-
vices as acting Charge at Constantinople.]
Mr. JONES raised the point of order that this
was a private claim.
The CHAIR on that ground ruled the amend-
ment out of order.
The question was then taken on concurring in
the amendment of the Senate, and it was carried
in the affiimative.
Amendment No. 63 of the Senate. In page 32,
after line 10, insert as follows:
{f For improving the grounds in La Fayette square and
fencing the same, $3,000: to be expended under the direc-
tion of the President of the United States."
Mr. BAYLY. This is the square in which the
equestrian statue of General Jackson is to be
erected. The Committee of Ways and Means
recommend that the amendment be not concurred
in. I hope it may be concurred in.
The question was then taken, and the amend-
ment was concurred in—ayes 91, noes not counted.
The following amendments of the Senate, under
the advisement of the Committee of Ways and
Means, were rejected:
Amendment No. 69. In page 32, after line 10,
insert:
• " For the compensation of a clerk for the -Commissioner
of Public Buildings, $800."
Amendment No. 70. In page 33, line 5, in the
appropriation for improvements on New Jersey
avenue, south of the Capitol, strike out "south of
the Capitol," and insert:
"Fiom the Capitol Square to public reservation number
seventeen, according to such grade as the Corporation of
Washington may hereafter establish."
Amendment No. 71. In page 35, after line 17,
insert:
" For the salary of the late keeper of the public archives
at St. Augustine, to the 5th June, li349, when the archives
were transferred from his custody to the Surveyor General
of Florida, $4t)4 38.
Amendment No. 72. In page 35, after line 35,
insert:
For balance due to David Irwin, as associate judge of
Wisconsin Territory, as audited and allowed by the proper
accounting officers of the Treasury, the sum of $571 6-3."
Amendment No. 73 of the Senate. In page 37,
after line 24, insert:
« For the relief and protection of mariners and boatmen
on the western waters, to be disbursed under the direction
of the Secretarv of the Treasury, $10,000.
" For the relief and protection ot mariners in the State of
California, $20,000; to be disbursed under the direction of
the Secretary of the Treasury."
Mr. BAYLY said that he had been instructed
by the Committee of Ways and Means to advise
the House not to concur in this amendment.
Mr. MARSHALL moved to amend the first
clause of the amendment by increasing the appro-
priation to $25,000.
The question was taken on the amendment, and
it was rejected.
The question was taken on the amendment of
the Senate, and it was rejected.
Amendment No. 74 of the Senate. In page 38,
after line 4, insert:
"For repairing and paintin? the custom-house at Provi-
dence, in the State ot Rhode Island, $1,000."
Mr. BAYLY said that he had been instructed
by the Committee of Ways and Means to advise
the House not to concur in this amendment.
Mr. DIXON moved that the House concur.
The question was put, and carried in the affirm-
ative.
Amendment No. 75 cf the Senate. In page 38,
after line 4, insert:
" That the name of the port1 Presque Isle,' at Erie, Penn-
sylvania, be changed to the name of i Erie,' and thai the
collector of said port be required to issue new licenses to
all boats and vessels, conforming the same to the alteration
hereby made; and that the salary of the collector of said
port is hereby placed on the same footing with that of the
collector ofthe port of Michilimackinac, inMichigan."
Mr. BAYLY said he had been instructed by the
Committee of Ways and Means to move to strike
out all after the word " made," in the above
clause.
Mr.1 HAMPTON-moved to add to the end of
the part proposed to be stricken out, the following:
" Provided, The said salary shall not exceed the sum of
$840."
The question was taken on the amendment of
Mr. Hampton, and it was rejected.
Mr. STEVENS, of Pennsylvania, moved an
amendment, providing that the salary of the col-
lector of the said port shall be $800.
Mr. BAYLY hoped not.
The question was taken on the amendment to
the amendment, and it was lost.
Mr. CARTTER moved to strike out all that
part of the Senate amendment that related to sal-
ary.
The CHAIR ruled that it was not in order. •
Mr. THOMPSON, of Pennsylvania, took an
appeal.
The decision of the Chair was sustained.
Mr. THOMPSON, of Pennsylvania, moved to
insert after the word "made,"the words "and
that the salary shall be $750."
Mr. CARTTER raised a point of order against
the amendment, which was not sustained.
The question was then taken on the amendment
of Mr. Thompson, and it was rejected.
The amendment of the Senate was then rejected.
Amendment No.i 76. In page 39, after line 9,
insert:
{' For purchasing a site, and commencing the erection of
a suitable fire-proof building in the city of St. Louis,Mis-
souri, for a custom-house and independent treasury, and
other offices of the United State-?, the sum of $50,000; the
whole cost of the building not to exceed the sum ol $75,000:
Provided, That said building shall be exempted from city
taxes, and all other Uxes whatever, by act of the Legisla-
ture of Missouri.
" For the purchase of a site and construction of a proper
building at Cincinnati, for a custom hou«e. independent
tieasury, and other offices of the United States, $50,000:
Provided. That the total cost of construction shall not ex-
ceed .$75,000: And ytrorided, also, That said building shall
be exempted from city taxes, and all other t..xes whatever,
by act ot the Legislature of Ohio."
Mr. BAYLY said, he had been instructed by
the Committee of Ways and Means to recommend
that this amendment be not concurred in.
The question was put on the first branch of the
amendment, and it was disagreed to.
The question was then taken on the second
branch of the amendment, by tellers, (Messrs.
Harlan, and Stevens of Pennsylvania, acting as
such,) and it was not concurred in—ayes 61, noes
69.
Amendment No. 77 of the Senate. In page 41,
after line 5, insert:
"To enable the Librarian of Congress to subscribe for
and purchase one thousand copies of the works of John
Adam?, second President of the United Slates, to he pub-
Jifhed by Little &. Brown in an edition of ten volumes:
Pr>tided, The cost of the same shall not exceed $2 25 per
volume, said volumes to be disposed of as Congress may
hereatter direct, $22, C00."
Mr. BAYLY said, he was directed by the Com-
mittee of Ways and Means to advise the House
not to concur in the amendment.
Tellers being called for on the question, Messrs.
Featheeston and Schermerhorn were appointed.
The question was then taken, and the amend-
ment was concurred in—ayes 69, noes 59.
Amendment No. 78 of the Senate. In page 41,
line 8, after the word " Interior," [in the appro-
priation for constructing the eastern wing of the
Patent Office,] insert:
"And for defraying such expenses as may have br-en in-
curred by materials procured or labor applied towaids the
west wing, prior to the 15th of May last, and for such ma-
terials or labor as may have been since procured or applied
for the security of the old building."
Mr. BAYLY said, he had been directed by the
Committee of Ways and Means to recommend a
concurrence in this amendment.
The question was put, and it was concurred in.
Amendment No. 79 of the Senate. In page 41,
i aher line 11, insert:
f< For compensation of the architect and superintendent
of the public buildings in the District of Columbia,
Mr. VINTON moved the following amendment
to the amendment:
" For compensation of an architect of the' public build-
ings in the District of Columbia, to be appointed by the
President, by and with the advice and consent of the Sen-
ate, $1,U)0.5'
Mr. JONES raised a question of order on the
amendment.
The CHAIR ruled it out of order.
The question was then taken on the amendment
of the Senate, and it was rejected.
Amendment No. 80 of the Senate. In page 41,
strike out the following:
"For defraying.the expenses of the chemical analysis of
vegetable substances, produced and used for the food of
man and animals in the United States, «o be expended under
the direction of the Commissioner of Patents, $1,000, to bo
paid out of the patent fund."
The amendment was, under the recommenda-
tion of the Committee of Ways and Means, dis-
agreed to.
AmendmentNo. 81 of the Senate. To insert at
the end of the clause, in page 45, line 27, prohib-
iting the allowance to any one individual the sala-
ries of two different offices, the follwing:
" But this prohibition shall not extend to the superintend-
ents of the executive buildings."
The amendment was, under the advisement of
the Committee of Ways and Means, concurred
in.
Amendment No. 82 of the Senate. In page 46, '
after line 22, insert. #
" To defray ihe expenses incurred uhder the authority of
the committee of arrangement for the funeial of General
Zachary Taylor, deceased, late Pre>idei t of the United
States, $14,929 4b.
« To defray the expenses of transporting the remains of
General Taylor from the cemetery in Washington, to Ken-
tucky, to be expended under the direction of the President
of the United States, £4.000."
Mr. BAYLY said he had been directed by the
Committee of Ways and Means to strike out
" §14.929 46," in the first clause, and insert
"$8,146 73, to be disbursed by the Marshal of
the District of Columbia."
The question was put, and the amendment was
agreed to. •
The amendment as amended was then concurred
m Amendment No 83 of the Senaie. Insert the
following in the hill:
  To enable the War Department to make such examin-
ations and surveys as may be nece^ary to determine upon
the best and most available mode ot supplying the city of
Washington with pure water, and to prepare a plan and
estimate of the probable cost of the same, to be reported to
Congress at its next session, $500 "
The question was put, and the amendment was
concurred in.
Amendment No. 84 of the Senate. Strike from
the bill the following:
a To enable the Secretary of the Interior to take a perpet-
ual Ica«e to the United Suites from the city of Utica, New
Vork fiec of taxes oi other charues of any sort, for bo many
rooms in the Citv Hall hi said city, about to be erected, as
niav be neces-saiy for the proper accommodation of the
r'nitf (i ite« du-trtet ami cm nil court-*, holden in said city,
a,',I tlicr §1*2 OiJO: ProrWa), That no part ot this
appropriation shall be paid until it shall be ceitlfied by the
justices of s,nd circuit court that the said rooms, are provided
and the said lease made."
Mr BAYLY said he had been instructed by the
Committee of Ways and Means to advise that
the amendment be concurred in.
The ques'ion was taken on the above by teliers,
("Messrs. Waldo and Morton apting as such,) and
it was determined in the negative—ayes 45, noea
65 So the amendment was not concurred in.
Amendment No. 85 of the Senate. In page 47,
after line 6, insert:
" And the compensation of the watchmen in the various
departments of Government shall be §.i()0 per annum; and
it K b" the dutv of the head of each department so to
Increase the number of watch,en that the.v shall not be
required to be on duly more than ten hours each per day.
Mr. BAYLY said he had^been instructed by
the Committee of Ways and Means to recom-
mend that this amendment be agreed to, with an
amendment striking out all after the words, per
""The amendment to the amendment was agreed
t0Theamendment as amended was concurred in.
Amendment No. 8G of the Senate. In page 47,
line 6, at the end thereof add as follows.
tor^VdtU'rrtire^^ren^^ur^^.tbe^Oper
""Mr. JONES offered the following amendment
to the amendment:
" And that the compensation pro ' ' „
shall be estimated from the mst da> of July last.
