1850.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
899
Ohio river; which was read a first and second
time by its title, and referred to the Committee on
Military Affairs.
ACCOUNTS OF AN INDIAN AGENT.
Mr. ATCHISON. I move that the Senate pro-
ceed to the consideration of the joint resolution for
the settlement of accounts with the heirs and rep-
resentatives of Colonel Pierce M. Butler, late
agent of the Cherokee Indians,
The motion was agreed to, and the resolution
was considered as in Committee of the Whole,and
there being- no amendment offered, was reported
back to the Senate.
Mr PRATT. I should like to hear the chair-
man of the committee give some explanation of this?
resolution. The terms of the resolution are, that
the United States shall relinquish its claim against
the person therein named, which I should like to
hear explained.
Mr. ATCHISON. lean explain it in a very
few words. Colonel Pierce M. Butler has accounts
against the Government to a larger amount than
the Government accounts against him. The com-
mittee examined the accounts, and 1, as one of the
members of the committee, came to the conclusion,
from the examination, that there was an indebted-
ness to the estate of P. M. Butler of the sum of
eight hundred dollars. That was the conclusion,
from all the testimony before the committee, though
there was some obscurity, some want of proof of
a portion of the items. But the committee were
induced, on a full examination of the accounts,
both on the part of Colonel P. M. Butler and the
Government, to decide that an equitable disposi-
tion of the matter would be to strike a balance be-
tween the Government and Butler's heirs.
The resolution was then ordered to be engrossed
for its third reading, and was read a third time and
BILL TO RELIEVE A MARSHAL S SURETIES.
Mr. BRIGHT moved to postpone the prior or-
ders to take up bill No. 180, being a bill for the
relief of Gamaliel Taylor, late marshal of'the dis-
trict of Indiana, and his sureties.
The resolution was agreed to, and the bill was
considered as in Committee of the Whole. It was
then reported to the Senate; and no amendment
having been offered, it was ordered to be engrossed
for a third reading, and was subsequently read a
third time and passed.
ADJOURNMENT TO MONDAY.
Mr. PEARCE. I move that when the Senate
abjourns it adjourn to meet on Monday next, and
I will give a reason for the motion. There are
certain committees in session, whose labors are
not likely to close within any reasonable time,
unless they can sit at some time other than during
the morning hours before the meeting of the
Senate. There aie special committees, some of
which it is absolutely necessary should close their
labors withm a reasonable period ; but they cannot
do so unless some arrangement be made to give
them more time.
The motion was agreed to.
PRESIDENT PRO TEM.
The VICE PRESIDENT. I take this oppor-
tunity to state to the Senate that business of an
urgent character will call me away after the session
of this day for some time, and consequently if will
become necessary that the Senate should elect a
President pro tem.
MILITARY SERVICE IN FLORIDA.
Mr. DAWSON moved to take up the bill to ■;
authorize the Seorettuy of War to cause to be i!
paid to Captain George W. McClelian, his officers
and men, composing his company of mounted 1
volunteers, full pay for services rendered, subsist-
ence and forage furnished in East Florida, in the
year 1840. j|
The motion was agreed to, and the bill was con- i!
sidered as in Committee of the Whole. The bill, II
having been verbally amended, was reported to !
the Senate, the amendment of the committee was :|
concurred in, it was ordered to be engrossed for a ;l
third reading, and was subsequently read a third jj
time and passed. [
BILL FOR RELIEF OF CAPT.
TER.
WARRINGTON*
Mr. BADGER. I ask that the Senate take up j
for consideration a bill reported some time ago by i
the Committee on Naval Affairs. It is bill No. •
121, for the relief of Captain Lewis Warrington
and others.
The motion was agreed to; arid the bill was read
a second time and considered as in Committee of
the Whole.
At the request of Mr. BADGER, the report of
the committee in this case was read, and ro amend-
ment being made, the bill was reported back to the
Senate, and was ordered to be engrossed for a third
reading.
Mr. BRIGHT. I have not examined the
papers connected with that claim, it may be a
just claim;*but, from hearing the report read, it
struck me rather unfavorably. It seems to me
this is nothing more nor less than an abandonment
of a settled principle with regard to cases of this
kind. I wish the matter may be further consid-
ered before a vote is taken upon it.
Mr. BADGER. The facts in the case, as they ap-
peared before the committee, were, that in 1813 the
British ship Epervier was captured by an Ameri-
can ship under the command of Captain Warring-
ton. Agreeably to an act passed in 1800, where
a vessel is captured of an equal or greater force
than that of the capturing vessel, the captors are
entitled to the whole of the prize, and according to
the decision of the court which made the exami-
nation of this case, a decree was made allowing
the whole of the proceeds to the captors. It
turned out that Captain Warrington, having sent
the captured vessel into port, while he went into
further service on the ocean, could not personally
make his claim, and the marshal treated the case
as one for a division of the prize, and paid over
only one-half of the proceeds to the captors, when,
according to law, and the decree of the court, they
were entitled to the whole. That is the whole
case. ' There is no attempt to unsettle the practice
of any principle of the Government. The memo-
rialists do not ask, and the bill does not allow, the
payment of any interest. It is only that the
money which belonged to them m 1813, and which
was by a mistake not paid, may be now paid.
The committee regard all the facts as clearly estab-
lished by recorded evidence. There is not a word
of verbal testimony offered.
Mr. YULEE. I would like to call the attention
of the Senator from North Carolina to an addi-
tional fact, which is this, but with respect to which
I may be mistaken. I think that the Government
recognized the right of the claimants in this case
to the full value of the vessel captured, by nego-
tiating for the vessel.
Mr. BADGER. The facts are as recorded.
She was so reported by the officer who captured
her; she was so treated by the Secretary of the
Navy, who negotiated with Captain Warrington;
she was so decreed by the court, that she was the
property of Captain Warrington, and that the
United States had no share m her. It was men-
tioned to the court that decreed the claim, that if
any part of the case depended upon verbal testi-
mony, or was liable to be misunderstood or mis-
apprehended, a decree would not be asked for.
But the facts are clear. They weie proved by the
record, every one of them. They are all there;
and the only question is, whether, having retained
this money for this length of time, we shall retain
it still longer.
Mr. BRADBURY. I would like to know
whether this ciaim has been recently presented,
or whether it is one that has been long before
Congress.
Mr. BADGER. The claim was presented two
years since.
Mr. BRADBURY. Then I would suggest that
the bill should be so guarded a3 not to give even
a color for a claim for interest; as it now stands,
it may be susceptible of such an interpretation.
Mr. BADGER. 1 have no objection to that;
but I think the Senator from Maine will see that
there is no necessity for it. It is a universal rule
of this Government not to pay interest, except
where it is expressly allowed.
Mr. BRADBURY. With that understanding,
I have no objection to it. 1 have understood that
to be the rule, though I did not know but there
might be some doubt with regard to it.
Mr. CASS. I cannot say that 1 have any ob-
jection to this claim, but almost half a century has
passed away since it arose. I have inquired what
the amount of the claim is, but it seems the chair-
man of the committee does not know. It seems
to me we have had lessons enough to induce
the Government to halt and look H'ound before a
claim is allowed. I want to know the facts, and
I think it would strike every one at once that if
this claim was unquestioned, it could not have
sleptso long without having been brought forward.
I do say that I think a little more time is required,
that we may look around and ascertain what
amount is involved. I should like to know ail
about it.
Mr. BADGER. I would not have urged the
consideration of this bill now if I had supposed a
single member had any doubt about the justice of
the claim; and I would have ascertained the
amount if I had supposed the justice of the claim
depended upon the amount. I supposed that
when a debt was ascertained to be djie, it was
proper to be paid, whether it was one hundred
thousand dollais or but five thousand. I have no
objection, indeed I am perfectly willing, that it
should lie over and be passed upon in the morning.
Mr. CASS. The honorable Senator has laid
down a good rule. I do not object to that; but I
say that the laiger the amount involved the more
necessity for an examination. 1 did not say that
I would measure my vote by the size of the claim,
butthat I was eoing to measure my examination
by it. If a claim was hut for five hundred dollars
only, I would not ask the Senate to delay so long
as I would if it was for five millions. That is the
reason why I wish to know precisely what it is.
Mr. BADGER. The committee, m the dis-
charge of their duty, examined the claim most
carefully, and looked into all the questions in-
volved, and sifted the whole of them, and found
the demand was proved. When that was done,
they thought it unnecessary to spread out a state-
ment of the particular amount of the claim, leav-
ing that for the accounting officers to ascertain in
the proper department. But 1 have no objection
to have it passed over, if Senators have any doubt
about it.  
Another word. The honorable Senator from
Michigan speaks of it as though it was my ciaim;
but it is not my claim. I will, however, say that,
knowing as I do the gallant officer and noble gen-
tleman who commanded the ship by which this
capture was made, I feel absolutely assured of
this, that he would rather put his right arm in the
fiie than receive a compensation from this Gov-
ernment, laree or small, to which he was not both
legally and equitably entitled.
Mr. KING. I move to postpone the further
consideration of this subject until to-morrow.
Mr. CASS. I wish to say a word with respect
to this being the claim of the Senator from North
Carolina. He is about the last man that I should •
suspect of bringing forward a claim for himself.
With respect to the officers in this case, for whose
gallant services no man honors them more than I
do, 1 may still say that, while I honor the indi-
vidual, my duty may require me to give, in a case
like this, some further examination before 1 vote
away the revenues of the country. **
Tne question to postpone was then put and car-
ried.
REMOVALS FROM OFFICE.
Mr. KING. I move that the Senate proceed to
the consideration of the unfinished business, being
the bill granting the tight of way and making a
donation of land to aid m the construction of the
Illinois Central Railroad.
Mr. BRADBURY. I do hope the Senator from
Alabama will give way for a moment, that i may
call up and have a vote taken upon a resolution
which lias been before the Senate a long tune,
respecting removals from office. I would say that
a resolution somewhat similar in its character has
been intioduced by the honorable Senator from
Indiana, and is still pending, and if there are any
gentlemen who desire to speak on that subject, an
opportunity will be afforded them to do so wmle
that resolution is pending. It is desirable that a
vote should be taken on the one which 1 offered,
and I have tried to get the floor for a week past to
make this motion. I hope the Senate will allow
that to be taken up and disposed of; and I pledge
myself, if it leads to any discussion it shall be laid
over.
Mr. KING. I cannot waive my motion at the
suggestion of the Senator from Maine. He says
the discussion can go on upon the other pending
resolution. I think it is better to have the discis-
sion, if there is to be any, upon this, and I hope
