£00
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE*
May 2,
the Senate wil^o into the consideration of the bill
which has been before us for two days. If we
get through with it in time, I will go with my
friend; and if thfe resolution leads to no discussion,
I shall be willing: to have the vote taken.
BRADBURY. If it shall.lead to discus-
'(JT any gentleman shall propose to discuss
SPwill withdraw the motion.
' The question was taken on taking up Senate
bill No. 22, and it was agreed to.
ILLINOIS CENTRAL RAILROAD.
The Senate accordingly, as in Committee of the
Whole, resumed the consideration of the bill grant-
ing the right of way, and making a donation of
(and to the State of Illinois, to aid in the construc-
tion of the*Illinois Central Railroad.
The pending question was on the motion of Mr.
Beix to recommit the bill—
" With instructions so to amend the bill that a proportion
of the net proceeds of the lands given to the State of Illi-
nois and to ttie Stales of Alabama and Missi-^sip 1 shall be
secured to the States of Tennessee and K>ntucky respect-
ively, e--;na! to the proportion of the entire hue 01 the railroad
proposed to bo constructed froin the southern terminus of
the Illinois and Michigan canal to the cny of Mohile, which
passes through each of the latter two States, to be applied
by them to the construction of the sections or divisions of
the road withm their ret-pective jmisdicttons."
This Mr. Dayton had moved to amend as fol-
lows:
«Provided further, That after the appropriation of the
lands hereinbefore referred to the States heieinbefore
named, the net proceeds of the sales of the residue of the
pubtie lands, from and after the 31st rfav ot December next,
shall he divided between the seveial States of the (Jnion
and the territories thereof, as they now exist, agreeably to
the provisions of an act entitled ' An act to appiopriate the
< proceeds of the sales or the public lands, and to grant pre-
■emption rights,' passed September 4, 1841; the provisions
of which act, so far as the same can be properly applied in
the distribution of the proceeds of such sales, are hereby
reenacted aud reaffirmed."
Mr. WH1TCOMB. When this bill was last
under consideration, I was not apposed of the
character of the instructions, or the amendment to
the instructions which have just been read; 1 find
in them a verification of the fears I then expressed,
from the extension of the usual principle which
has heretofore obtained in grants of this kind.
I have no hostility to the granting of lands by
the General Government to the States in which
they lie, based upon the principle heretofore acted
upon in such cases; that is to say, where the im-
provement for the construction of which the grant
is made tends to enhance the value of the remain-
ing lands of the Government, or to hasten then-
sale; but when we go beyond that principle, when
the grant pai takes of the nature of a gratuity or a
largess, it excites the cupidity of other States, and
Jead3 to demands on .their part for a share of the
public lands, or of their proceeds, either to aid
in the constiuction of public works, or without
restriction as to object. Now, 1 am opposed to
that principle, and it was that which induced me
ta raise any objection to the bill under considera-
tiWi. I shall be glad to vote for the bill, if it can
be made to assume an acceptable shape.
Now, sir, 1 do not rise to discuss the policy of
a systematic distribution of the public lands, or of
their proceeds. I believe such a policy would
result m great injury to the new States, and with-
out any corresponding benefit to the old States, i
believe, in the first place, that the construction of
public works by the General Goei nment is neces-
sarily attended with more prodigality, with more
coriupting influences, and with less efficiency,
than by any other mode. And m the next
place, the principle of distribution, if permanently
established, destroys all prospect of a grant of the
public lands to actual settlers. Indeed, every
grant of public lands like that now proposed,
trenches upon this beneficient system, and 1 am
not disposed, therefore, to widen their operation
beyond the rule which has heretofore governed in
such cases. The price of the lands reserved to
the United States by this bill is to be raised to
double their present pric-e. Those granted to the
State are not to be sold for less than their present
price, and generally they will doubtless be held at
a much higher rate. This increases the difficulty
in the way of the settler with limited means to
provide himself with a home. I hope that the
Government will yet determine to adopt the system
of granting, under suitable regulations, the public
lands to actual settlers who are landless. I do be-
lieve that individual respectability and national
health, that private virtue and public economy,
alike require the adoption of such a measure. It
would, in my judgment, tend more than any other
measure to diminish pauperism and wretchedness :
in the old States, and add to the industry and J
wealth of the new Slates. My heart is in that j
movement. I do not feel at liberty, however, to ;
interpose an objection to the present bill on that j
ground.
Reference has been made to the grants hereto- ;
fore made to the State of Indiana I have ex-
amined the matter with some particularity since I
last addressed the Senate, and I find that if this
bill passes, Illinois will have received liiore public
land for works of internal improvement than all
comprised in the grants heretofore made to the
State of Indiana. But I am averse to malting this
comparison. Certainly I do not make it as an
objection to this grant. And I can truly say, that
if my own wishes could control this matter, and
if the interest of the whole people uf the United
States would allow of it, this grant to Illinois
should be tenfold what it is. But when a meas-
ure for the good of a portion only of the people of
the United States is proposed, and which is more
than counterbalanced by an injury to the residue,
1 must be pardoned if I pause.
I mentioned, when last up, an objection which
I had to the phraseology of a part of the second
section of the proposed amendment to this bill. I
have had a free conversation with my friends, the
' Senators from Illinois, on this subject, and I am
\ happy to find that both of them disclaim any such
' construction as I apprehended, and I have no doubt
' of their perfect sincerity. We are .all satisfied it
! is unnecessary, and, as I yet believe, it would bear
! the construction I then gave it. I shall at the
proper time move an amendment, which, if adopt-
ed, will obviate the difficulty; and in this I am
happy to say I have the consent of my friends, the
j honorable Senators from Illinois.
I At a proper time, too, I shall propose another
amendment, which I think will commend itself to
the favorable opinion of all. To enable the amend-
ment to which I now refer to be understood, I will
premise that the branch of this railroad which
' leads from its northern terminus to Chicago must
; be alongside of the canal now connecting those
points, and for the construction of which Con-
gress made to Illinois, on the 2d of March, 1827,
a similar grant of lands along its entire length,
: every alternate section being at the same time re-
served to the United States. These reserved lands
will necessarily lie within the scope or limits of
the proposed giant now under consideration, and
will consequently be subject to a further selection,
notwithstanding their previous reservation. The
language of the bill is substantially that all the
lauds belonging to the United States, not hereto-
fore disposed of, or to which a right of preemption
has not attached, shall be divided equally between
Illinois and the United States. I shall propose,
therefore, at a suitable time, an amendment that
will save the lands reseived under the former
grant from the operation of the present one.
Then, Mr. President, I wish I could get my
friends from Illinois to consent to one further
amendment. 1 feel exceedingly averse to pressing
it, but 1 do wish to take away excuses from my
fi lends over the way, the Senators from New Jer-
sey and Georgia, who are pressing the claims of
the older States for a distributive share of the pub-
he lands, on the ground that the new States are
getting more than their legitimate share according
to the former practice of the Government. I wish
to take away all legitimate ground for their objec-
tions. The amendment I would propose is, to
strike out " six" and put in the word " five," so
as to make the strip only five miles wide on each
side of the proposed road, as has formerly been
the practice.
Mr. DOUGLAS. I drew the bill, and I copied
it from a printed bill, in which I found the word
six; and I was under the impression that six had
been granted in previous grants. Upon examina-
tion, 1 find that it is five instead of six, and I shall
not stand upon that ground. I would rathei have
it six, but I will not make that a point to stand
upon.
Mr. WHITCOMB. I have made an examina-
tion, and I find if the word six remains, the State
will receive for every mile m length upon the road
3,860 acres. If five is substituted, it will be 3,200
acres; and if this land is sold at §2 50 per acre, the
proceeds in the one case will be $,9,600, and in the
other $8,000. Now, I think, judging by the esti-
mates made by engineers in my own State, that
the railroad, through the level prairies of Illinois,
will not cost more than an aveiage of the smaller
sam per mile, and more is not wanted than will
make the road. If these amendments are adopted,
I shall favor the bill. I will not say that 1 shall
vote against it if they are not adopted; but I would
certainty much prefer their adoption.
Mr. SHIELDS. Mr. President, I am really
gratified at the course which my honorable friend
from Indiana has taken. I think, on the whole,
it is very fair and very liberal, and I am grati-
fied to see our neighbor Indiana think so well
of us of Illinois. I take, sir, a deep interest in
the improvements of the State of Indiana, because
there is not a line of railroad made in Indiana that
is not a great benefit to us of Illinois. Next to In-
diana we derive the immediate benefit of them, and
I think that our improvements will be of great
benefit to the people of Indiana. I will say, in
addition, that although Indiana has been liberally
treated m relation to the public lands held in that
State, I know of none that have managed their
lands and husbanded them better than Indiana.
She has shown, I think, a very commcndablespirit
in the manner in which she has devoted herself to
j the improvement of the State. Sir, with regard to
I the first amendment, I will say this: The section
j of the bill which it is proposed to amend is per-
! haps susceptible of the construction which he
■ gives it. I did not intend that it should be suscep-
; tible of any such construction. I want to accom-
I plish nothing indirectly. If we cannot carry the
i thing directly, let it fail. I want nothing couched
| in language not easily understood. I am in favor
! of that amendment. Then, with regard to the
second amendment, although the lands reserved on
: the line of the canal are~neither subject to pre-
' emption right, to sale, nor to selection, and could
not come within the meaning of the bill, I will ac-
cept that also. Then with regard to the third
. amendment, my honorable colleague seems willing
to assent to it. But, as stated by the distinguished
; Senator from Kentucky, the other day, the road in
! Illinois will run through the great prairie, which is
| from fifty to one hundred miles across the State,
1 and which has not been settled, and which never
will be settled, unless this railroad be built. Now,
; sir, I think that six miles right through the heart
ofthatprairie would be much better than to have the
railroad run outside of it. I yield, notwithstand-
ing, to the amendment pioposed by my friend from
Indiana. I will say further, that there is no rea-
sonable objection wnieh comes from the friends of
i the bill which I will not consent to modify or
change. But I will oppose any proposition com-
ing from the enemies of the bill having in view its
ultimate defeat.
; The question then being taken on Mr. Dayton*'s
amendment to the instructions of Mr. Bell, it was
decided as follows:
YEAS—Messrs. Baldwin, Clarke, Clay, Convin,I)atv*on,
Dayton, Greene, Mlllei, Pearce, Phelps, Seward, and Waifs
—1-3.
WW'S—Messrs. Atchison, Hadsrer, Bell, Benton, Bradbury,
Bright, Butler, Ca.-s, Chase, Divis of Mis-i.-sippi, Uoil-e of
Wisi-onsin, Dwdge ot Iowa, Douglas, Duwrn, i'unif, llmiv-
ton, Hunter, tones, King, Malign in, Morton, Hu-k, Sebastian.
Shields, Smith, Sturgeon, Turne\, Walker, Whitcomb, and
Ftilee—oO.
So the amendment was not agreed to.
The question then recutred on the original
amendment offered by the Senator from Tennes-
see; which was iejected.
Mi. WHITCOMB moved to amend the amend-
ment to the bill as follows: Strike out of section 2,
all from the word " select," in the 12th line, to the
word "subject," in the 17th line, both exclusive.
Also, strike outof the 17th line the word "select."
Add to the end of second section as follows:
il pro'-idc'1 further. TJiut any and all Lin.U rv-.frv-d
to the ("mImI by tin' acf enmi<-d k An act Jo jj'.int a
(juatitify of Kind to tin Si.itr >>t tliuiot-, for ti(«-ptir[>o-e of
diriiDL' Hi opening a < .hm! to nniuirt tin' waters ot t'i  Uii-
noi- nv<-r with rhrwp of Mu-lntirinapprmcd Man-It •>,
Jvy7, i«: and ilit-y arc n->«rved to Uk- United stales
Irom tiie operation* ot tin*, ai-i."'
The amendment was adopted.
Mr. DAVIS, of Mississippi, moved to amend
section line 26. After ** said " insert" provided
that the lands to be .so located >-hn!l in no cw be
further than fifteen mile.s from the line of the road,
and further."
Mr. KING. This amendment will ohviate the
objection which haa been made to the hill by some
