1850.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
901
gentlemen as to the possibility of these lands being
selected all over the State.
Mr. DAVIS, of Mississippi. It is intended by
this amendment to bring the provisions of the bill
within the principle of making the grant to promote
the public interests in the land immediately con-
nected with the road to be benefited by it; for,
passing through the prairie country of Illinois,
there-is no doubt that all the land for a^reater dis-
tance than that will be benefited, and to that extent
will be connected with the road. Whilst settlers
on these lands have all the elements of production
in the soil and climate, these lands must remain
•valueless so long as the cost of transportation to
market is so great as to render the products unprof-
itable when transported to the place where they
are to be sold. In the case where land is really
valuable, but is unsaleable in consequence of its re-
moteness from a suitable market for its products,
jt will be made valuable by being brought within
practicable means of getting to market. My ob-
ject in offering this amendment is to bring the pro-
visions of the bill within a fair operation of the
principle and policy avowed, so as to enable me to
vote for it.
Mr. SHIELDS. I think the amendment is a rea-
sonable one; and, as it would not defeat the object
in view, I am perfectly willing, for one, to agree
to it.
Mr. DODGE, of Iowa. I move to amend the
amendment offered by the Senator from Missis-
sippi, by making it thirty miles instead of fifteen
miles, and I hope he will accept that amendment.
Mr. DAVIS. Oh, no. Fifteen miles is as far,
quite as far, as I am willing to go.
Mr. DODGE. Thirty miles, I think, ought to
be allowed. But, Mr President, I look upon this
grant as conferring a very small boon upon the
State of Illinois. My purpose now in rising is
to mention to the Senate a fact that I was anx-
ious to elicit upon a previous occasion to an inter-
rogatory which 1 proposed to my friend from In-
diana, [Mr. Wiiitcomb ] I think this two dollars
and a half clause is a very rigorous one. I asked
my friend, when addressing the Senate, if such a
provision had been ingrafted upon the Indiana
law. He replied, greatly to my surprise, that it
was. I was quite certain then that he was mis-
taken, for I had examined all the laws in relation
to the Indiana and other grants of land, and had
found no such provision. Anxious, however, to
have the fact in an authoritative shape, I addressed
the Commissioner of the General Land Office on
the subject, and received from him, under date of
yesterday, a letter, from which I make the follow-
ing extract:
" The quantity of land granted to Indiana for canal pur-
poses was 1,566.6 i'2 acres. The minimum of the United
Ktdtes alternate sections in this State was not increased.
" The quantity of land granted to Illinois for canals was
289,867 acies. The minimum of the United States alternate
sections was not raised.
"To Iowa there was granted for the improvement of the
Des Moines river, 321,836 acres. The minimum of the
"United Slates alternate sections was not increased.
"To Wisconsin has heen granted, for the improvement
of the Fox and Wisconsin riveis, 211,840 acres. The min-
imum of ttie United States alternate sections has not been
increased.
" There wa= also granted to the same State 139,520 acres
foi tiie Milwaukee and Rock river canal. In this case the
minimum was raised to $2 50, but subsequently reduced to
$1 25 the acre."
A reference to the grant for the Wisconsin and
Rock river canal brings to my recollection the
history of that measure. My present colleague,
then the indefatigable delegate from the Territory
of Wisconsin, labored most unceasingly, in doors
and out, to obtain what was then, as now, called
a donation to those whom he represented, expect-
ing to receive when he returned home the gratify-
ing plaudits of" well done,good and faithful ser-
vant;" instead of which, curses loud, long, and
deep, besides many complimentary notices m the
way of being burnt in effigy, were heaped upon
his devoted head by the settlers along the line of
the contemplated canal—the very people whom
of all others he had supposed he was best serving.
These worthy pioneers, who were settled on the
Government sections, could not brook the idea of
paying one hundred percent, more for their farms
than their neighbors who happened to be but a few
feet from them on the opposite side of a mere arti-
ficial line. The consequence was, that, after much
excitement among the people, and considerable
financial difficulty on the part of the Territory of
Wisconsin, growing out of this canal grant, the
whole thing was repudiated, and the price of the
lands reduced to $1 25 an acre. I have not made
these remarks from the slightest intention to inter-
fere with this bill. My friends from Illinois are
satisfied with its provisions, and, knowing the im-
provement to he one in which Illinois and the
whole West feel a deep interest, I shall do every- i
thins in my power to effect the passage of the bill.
I hope my friend from Mississippi [Mr. Davis]
will accept my amendment.
Mr. DAWSON. Mr. President, I regret very
much to see my friend from Mississippi favor the
extension of this railroad thirty miles, fifteen on
the right arid fifteen on the left.
Mr. DAVIS, of Mississippi. If the Senator
will allow me, my proposition is to restrict, and
not to extend.
Mr. DAWSON. The gentleman, I think, pro-
poses to extend a line, from which these lands are
to be selected, from six to fifteen miles.
Mr. DAVIS, of Mississippi. If my friend will
allow me, I will put him right on a single point.
The bill now provides for taking alternate sections
of land, five miles on each side of the line of the
road; and if they cannot find land within these
limits, they are allowed to take any em'iguous
land. And now I suppose " contiguous land"
might be construed to be land within the State.
This amendment is to restrict them in the selection
of those lands to within fifteen miles of the road.
Mr. DAWSON. What I wished to say is this:
In legislating we ought never to adopt any princi-
ple calculated to deceive the country, and give us
an opportunity of returning home, saying we did
this for a principle, when, in fact, we did not.
Now, sir, the principle which has been adopted is
this: We give you alternate sections over which
the road may run, five or six miles on each side
of the road, with a view to increase the value of the
remainder of the public property. That is the
principle, and that is the ground upon which gen-
tlemen stand who are to vote for this measure.
Is it not? It certainly is. Now, sir, I desire to
know, if you give this fifteen miles to the road,
how you can, taking a lot adjacent to another fif-
teen miles off the road, improve the value of the
lot which is adjoining, and which you take and
appropriate to this road !
Take your railroad from here to the city of Bal-
timore, and if fifteen miles south of that road you
take one lot of land and appropriate it to the rail-
road, will it improve any other lot? It will not,
and we all know it. And while we rise here and
tell the people of the Union we are opposed to
taking the proceeds of the public lands and appro-
priating them to the States for internal improve-
ments, save upon the principle that it will increase
the value of the public property adjacent to it, we
know it does not do it. And why not manfully
come up to the question at once, and put it upon
the principle of a donation ? Call things by their
proper names. Legislate with fairness and bold-
ness. If you have the right to extend it to five
miles, you have the same right to extend it to
thirty, fifty, or one hundred miles, and it results
in nothing more nor less than this, that it is an ap-
propriation of the public property to the States for
internal improvements by way of donation. No-
body can deny it. And yet, sir, we cannot find a
majority ill this body who will boldly and fairly
come up to the question, and say that we have
the power of disposing of the public lands to the
States for internal improvements. They discard
that principle upon the ground of unconstitution-
ality. Now, I put it to them to answer me this
question: If it be unconstitutional to appropriate
the public land for general purposes to the various
States, where do you get the power of appropria-
ting it for special purposes to a particular State ?
Now, sir, I never seek to avoid a question which
is presented fairly. Nor do I desire to dodge a
question which can be made practical. What are
we at now? Giving away the public property.
For what purpose? We reply, to inciease the
value of the balance of this property; making a
contract with the State of Illinois in this manner:
If you take the alternate sections of these lands,
we will give them to you; because you agree, by
making a road, to increase the value of the re-
mainder. It is vastly more unconstitutional, vastly
more unjust, vastly more unequal, to take the pub-
lic property and give it to one particular State, than
to use it and appropriate it generally throughout
the whole Union.
When I announced here the day before yester-
day that I would change my opinions upon this
subject so soon as I discovered that this property
was to be taken in detail, my friend from Virginia
got up and told me that he would battle to the Jast
against it. What signifies battling, sir? Is ijiiot
better they should be divided at once, andi'Ajpt
betaken by degrees in this manner'' Whyjigt
distribute it at once, upon the piincipleof equality?
I desire to place myself directly before the country
upon this question, and do it upon principle. The
majority of this body is opposed to the division
of the public lands, or the proceeds thereof, among
the States, and yet State by State is coming in in
this way, and getting a share almost equivalent
to its proportion if they were to be divided. Now
I propound it here to-day, and I do it with no
feelings of unkindness towards the States con-
cerned,what right has Illinois, Alabama, or Mis-
sissippi to large proportions of the public domain
which the State of Georgia has not? Why will
you,take the property of the public and give it to
those States, and not give to the Stale of Georgia
her share when she ask's for it? The reply is, we
give so much that these States may do a certain
thing, and increase the value of the remainder of
the public property, and because there are no pub-
lic lands in the State of Georgia she can get no
share in this. It is in fact saying to the State of
Georgia, that although you have contributed your
share to the extinguishment of the Indian tides to
these very lands, you shall not receive your share
of them. Now, I submit if it is not an improper
mode and manner by which you are taking away
the public lands? Is it not unjust thus to dea'l
with the other States, and cause the thirteen old
States, who gained cur independence, commenced
our Government, and appropriated of their means
to sus'am and rear our institutions to their present
condition, to be disregarded' Georgia, in her lib-
erality, in the year 1802, when she owned the
States of Alabama and Mississippi as her own
domain, yielded them to the General Government
upon certain conditions, in order to defray the
expenses necessarily incident to that General Gov-
ernment. And now, when she has yielded it, and
the expenses are all paid, and the country is in a
state of prosperity and happiness, that public do-
main which she ceded as the common property of
the nation of sister States, is to be divided, and
she is not to have her share m the division of it.
It will be said that I am selfish, unkind, ungen-
erous, in claiming for Georgia her proportion of
the lands that were once hers, but which she gave
as a common fund to her sisters, she partaking of
them in part. It is not so; for you are now adopt-
ing a policy which will deny to the State of Geor-
gia her shafe. The reply may be, we can man-
age this as we please. We may seek for princi-
ples upon which to place our actions; but I say
they are deceptive. This is nothing but a dona-
tion, and we know it; and we seek to justify our-
selves by assuming a principle that does not exist;
for fifteen miles to the right and left of the railroad
will never increase the value of property contig-
uous. Hence it is that I say 1 will yield my
opinion sooner than submit to this course of con-
duct on the part of the Congress of the nation.
I am right, sir, upon principles of equity and jus-
tice—upon the rights which belong to every State
in this Union. Under the Constitution they all
have a right to participate in the public domain,
which belongs to the common country. They be-
long to theUnion, sir; and this Union is composed
of thirty States, and each of these States is en-
titled to equal rights. But by this mode of legis-
lation we aie acting illiberally, unjustly, because
we do not deal with one as we do with the others.
Mr. DAVIS, of Mississippi. Mr. President,
the Senator from Georgia has assumed his facts
and ascribed motives at his own pleasure, and
therefore it was very easy for him to reach any
conclusion that he proposed, and as easy to apply
any censure that he thought proper. The Senator
says that there is a purpose of deception. I say,
that within my knowledge there is none. I am
glad that he uses the pronoun " we," instead of
"you." If deceptive purpose exist anywhere,
it is not within my breast. Those who feel it,
need no accuser. I deny every position which the
Senator has taken and assumed to be a fact. I
deny emphatically that there is any purpose of
deception, to be inferred or by possibility extracted
from the motion 1 have made. So far as I am con-
