1850.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
1995
but it is a serious one, and the country will under-
stand it, for they will see the report of this com-
mittee when it comes out, as it must do. And, sir,
I intend to be heard in regard to it, and I mean to
expose this outrageous proceeding, and prevent its
becoming a precedent. I say here, that when that
report comes out,-it will be found that the proceed-
ings of that committee have been the most extraor-
dinary that ever was seen in any country where
any regard is paid to truth or justice. In an inves-
tigation affecting a man's character and property,
the party concerned has been refused the privilege
of being present in person, or by counsel, to con-
front and cross-examine the witnesses. The right
of cross-examination in all tribunals where truth
and justice is aimed at, is considered as so essential
for the evisceration of truth, that no such tribunal
will permit any testimony to be read against a man
where it has been denied; and no credit ought to
be given by any one to testimony taken under such
circumstances. It is true, after Mr. Ritchie, under
such my advice, protested against such injustice,
months after the testimony was reduced to writing
and after several important witnesses had gone to
parts unknown, the committee were guilty of the
mockery of offering to him that he might read tjfceir
testimony and recall the witnesses. But every
lawyer knows that the value of the privilege to
cross-examine consists in its being exercised at the
time the witness testifies. Who would care to cross-
examinea witness months after the testimony was
reduced to writing, and the witness irretrievably
committed? What would be thought of commis-
sioners to take depositions who should shut them-
selves up in a private room, refuse to the party
concerned the right to be present, either in per-
son or by attorney, and reduce the testimony to
writing ? But would it mend the matter if months
afterwards they were to open the doors and say to
the party, you may now read the testimony, and,
if you choose, fecall the witnesses? Sir, Mr.
Ritchie had the right to be present at the time, not
only to cross-examine the witnesses, but to see
that their testimony was correctly recorded. " JVon
constat " that testimony important to Mr. Ritchie
has beerl reduced to writing. Without charging
impropriety to the committee, it may very well
be that testimony which he might have regarded
as important, they might have considered im-
material, and did not include it in the affidavits.
He informs me such is the case. This might
occur with an impartial committee. But I have no
faith in the impartiality of this committee. (Here
the hammer fell.) I will not trust a committee
which violates all rules of justice in us proceedings.
Mr. MEADE moved to amend the part pro-
posed to be stricken out by inserting after the
word " loss," the words " and he shall receive as
profit, upon the full execution of his contract,
nine per cent."
Mr. STANTON moved that the committee rise.
The question was put, and it was decided in the
negative.
A point of order was raised on the amendment
of Mr. Meadjs.
The CHAIR said it was an amendment to the
matter proposed to be stricken out, and was there-
fore in order.
Mr. MEADE said he had been anxious, while
this question was before the committee of investi-
gation, to be able to asceitain the truth in relation
to the various rumors in circulation in reference to
it. He had no motive in standing here but to do
sheer justice. G-od knew he was under no obli-
gation to Mr. Ritchie, the editor of the Union.
Their courses had been in opposition to each
other on the most important questions which had
been pending during the session. But he had paid
some attention to the legislation of Congress in
relation to its contracts, and he found that the
House had been in the habit not only of relieving
hard contracts, but of relieving contracts which
were not very hard, with the view of giving fair
remuneration. They had also given, upon the
principle of properly remunerating for work done
voluntarily without a contract. He referred, as
an instance of the latter class, to the appropriations
for the" Congressional Globe," the first in the form
of subscription, and the second the payment of
$7 50 per column, and asked how gentlemen could
draw the distinction by which they afforded relief
in that case and refused it to Mr. Ritchie, who
was suffering under a very hard contract?
The investigating committee, he said, had been
in session four weeks, and he had frequently ap-
plied to its members to hurry on their report, and
bring it forward before the subject came up for
action. The committee had delayed their report,
and it could not be denied that this House was
now called upon to act without having the facts
before them. With a view of supplying the de-
ficiency of information under which he, as well
as the House, had labored, he had by private con-
versations endeavored to ascertain the truth, and
he had learned from gentlemen in whom he had
undoubted confidence—men not in favor of the
course Mr. Ritchie had pursued—that at the
time Mr. Ritchie, took this contract himself he
expected that fair profits would be made out of it,
and it was not until afterwards that he had dis-
covered that he had acted without due consid-
eration and in ignorance of the losses he would
incur. Under this belief, he (Mr. M.) was will-
ing to do for Mr. Ritchie what they had done this
session for the printer of the proceedings and de-
bates of Congress. He had voted to relieve Mr.
Rives, or rather to remunerate him for work vol-
untarily done, and he was for putting this contract
on the same footing. He couid draw no distinc-
tion, unless this venerable old man should be con-
victed of acting fraudulently in taking the con-
tract. This had been charged upon him, but he
(Mr. M."> had yet to see the first particle of evi-
dence to show that Mr. Ritchie had acted other-
wise than honorably and fairly; and he could not
consent to make him [Mr. R.] a sacrifice to any
embittered political or personal animosity. He
(Mr. M.) meant to vote his release. Through his
whole life, he [Mr. R.] had maintained a charac-
ter for fairness, respectability, and honor, not
surpassed by that of any man in this House.
[The hammer fell.]
Mr. MARSHALL said: Unlike some of the
gentlemen on the Democratic side of the Chamber,
1 speak to the amendments relating to the matter
of the public printing without the slightest excite-
ment. I have given the subject a calm and delib-
erate consideration, and have reviewed all the testi-
mony taken before the special committee appointed
to investigate the condition of the public printing,
in the spirit of an impartial and disinterested man.
I would not injure Mr. Ritchie if I could, i do
not wish to enforce a hard or ruinous contract, nor
am I animated by a desire to visit loss upon " this
venerable old man." I wish to legislate in regard
to it without any personal or party bias, and under
a sense only of public duty. 1 want justice to be
done—justice to the contractors and to the people of
this country; and under this feeling I am bound to
express my opposition to the Senate's plan, with
all the emphasis of which I am capable. I do not
intend to stand by silently and see the, public
treasure squandered upon any one, or any set of
men under a shallow pretence, or under any ap-
peal to our sympathies for private distress. 1 mean
that the attention of the country shall be riveted
upon this transaction, and that, notwithstanding
this House would not hear the report of the com-
mittee of investigation, so far as time will permit,
the facts shall be presented to enable every mem-
ber on this floor to vote with an understanding of
the results proved by the investigation.
The gentleman from Virginia [Mr. Bayly]
would make an issue with the committee. He
compares the investigation to the proceedings of
the Star Chamber, i pass that by with this sin-
gle comment: For two weeks past the committee
have been engaged in hearing witnesses introduced
by Mr. Ritchie; and they have delayed their re-
port until all the witnesses were examined he had
to produce. He has had the benefit of counsel.
His friend and attorney has appeared every day
before the committee for some two weeks. The
entire body of testimony has been inspected, ex-
amined, and commented upon by him. His wit-
nesses have been brought loan examination under
oath, and he has had the questions propounded
that he suggested. What more could the commit-
tee have done? But, sir, the country will ,be
startled to ascertain that, after all the sympathetic
tears shed here and elsewhere over the ruin with
which this gentleman is said to be overwhelmed
by these contracts, not one word of testimony kas
been introduced—not a parliclt of evidence has been
exhibited—to prove a specific loss. We have called
ihe attention of witnesses and parties to the desire
to know the sources of loss, and the specific losses
suffered. We have examined the chiefs of vari-
ous departments of business in the Union ofRce—
in the employment of Mr. Ritchie himself; and I
should have been pleased to assist in ferreting out
the ways and sources by which he is oppressed
by these contracts; but notwithstanding these wit-
nesses were, by their position and acquaintance
with the business, best qualified to show in what
and how the losses have been incurred, and not-
withstanding it-must have been suggested to the
mind that the country would require to know ex-
actly in what the loss had been sustained, I repeat
that the examination has been confined, on his
part, to general declarations that the terms of the
contracts were too low, and would result in loss to
the contractors, without, in any instance, showing
how, where, and to what amount the loss was in-
curred. We have taken testimony as to the ele-
ments of cost; -we have examined the force of the
office employed on the congressional printing; we
know how many presses are run by the engine,
the cost of fuel, the wages of the engineer, the
wages of the pressmen and the boys, the cost of
paper and ink, the price of composition, of fold-
ing, stitching, sewing, gathering, collating, bind-
ing—in fine, of everything, even to the percent-
age on prime cost which makes up " wear and
tear" of the material of the office—and we are un-
able, by a comparison of these with the contract
prices,id perceive the means, under prudent man-
agement, by which these contractors are to be
overtaken by the ruin so much deprecated by gen-
tlemen in Congress and out of doors. 1 have gone
through several complex and laborious calculations
myself, upon the works printed and to be printed
under these contracts, and I will mention one—the
Patent Office report—to which I have paid par-
ticular attention. It is the work of which Con-
gress has ordered the largest publication—sixty-
seven thousand of the first part, and one hundred,
and thirty-seven thousand five hundred of the
second part. I state, and I am willing to stake
my reputation as an arithmetician ttpon the fact,
that the contractors will make a profit, under the
contract, of $8,U00 on this work alone. To give
the House and the country some idea of the change
to be effected by changing the law under this
clamor about rum, I will further state, that after
the Committee on Printing offered a resolution the
other day to give the contractors the prices of 1819,
minus forty-five per cent., I made a calculation of
the effect to be produced by that change in the pay
for the Patent Office report. Under the proposed
arrangement, the contractors will make a net profit
of over two hundred percent, upon their investment.
Instead of $8,000,theclear profit will be$68,120 49.
To make this matter somewhat more specific, I
will state the calculation in a note to my remarks.
Here is the matter referred to:
Mcchanical part of Patent Office Report—Part I
JlctUCL1. COSt.
Composition $52-1 04
Paper 9,255 25
Fre«s-work  689 30
Stiiclung & collating 389 4*2
Folding  397 05
Gathering  132 35
Proofreading  50 08
Inserting plates  109 78
Cost per Contract.
Composition $198 75
Paper, )
Press-work, j
Folding, V ., .12,735 69
Gathering, 1
Proof-reading, J
Inserting plates  109 78
§13,044 22
$11,345 27
If paid for at the prices authorized by the res-
olution of 1819, the same work would cost—for
composition, $9G7 75; paper, press-work, &c.,
g6],758 80—making; a total of £,63,726 55.
Jl°ricultural part oj Patent Office Report—Part If.
This is made on the estimate that it will be ot the same
size as part No. 1.
•Actual cost.
Composition........ $522 04
P<tpei 17,896 08
Prfss-work  1,343 75
Stitching, &c  3ti9 32
Folding  775 00
Gathering  258 33
Proof-reading  50 06
Inserting plates.... 201)55
$21,415 15
Cost per Contract.
Composition  $198 75
Paper 1
Prej-s-work, j
Stitching, &c.
Folding,
Gathering, '
Proof-reading, J
Inserting platen  200 55
$23,197 80
I.. .24,798 50
The binding comes to 
The cost oi same is   i4.b38 7o
Profit of contractor    1,048 75
Deduct for stitching      150 00
Add aggregate    1,498 75
to the $25,197 80, and we have §26,696 55; from which de-
duet actuiil cost, &21,415 15, and the net profit reMiits, on
part No. 2, of....?.,. ! $5,281 40
Add profit on pait No. 1  2,044 57
And we have §7,825 97
as the profit of the contractors on the whole work.
