1850.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
903
the hardships and difficulties I have mentioned, a
portion of the public domain for an object of this
kind, because you cannot make a similar donation
to each of the States in the Union; and he asks,
" Wny should not Georgia have a part—Georgia,
who gave away the States of Mississippi and
Alabama ? True, sir, Georgia ceded these States;
and what did other States do? It was necessary
that those States holding large domains, as North
Carolina and Virginia, should cede them for the
general good; and Virginia has certainly done
more in this rcspcct than the State of Georgia.
Sir, these domains were relinquished upon proper
principles, and without that relinquishment, per-
haps the Government could not have existed until
now. But the State of Georgia guarded well her
interest when she relinquished her territory. She
provided very well for herself. I have a paper
before me showing that there were some sums* of
money which Georgia stipulated for. And among
these, I find that Georgia received, to extinguish
her Indian title, $4,269,940. Sir, we paid to
Georgia, in arms and money, for the territory
north of the thirty first degiee of north latitude,
§1,250,000*, for the Yazoo claim, $4,282,000;
quantity of land pledged to quiet and satisfy claims,
(five millions of acres,) $6,250,000; amount paid
or engaged to be paid to indemnify citizens of
Georgia for spoliations of their property, accord-
ing to a treaty with the Creeks, $2,500,000; ma-
king an aggregate of $16,301,940. That, sir, was
the price which we paid for the liberal cession of
land by the State of Georgia. Sir, I did not wish
to enter into these things at all; but I wish to say
that the State of Alabama has been deprived of a
large amount of revenue by a stipulation into
which she entered with the Government when she
became a State, not to tax her public lands for
five years after they were sold. By this stipula-
tion, estimating the lands at §1 25 per acre, and
the tax at half per cent, for county, State, road,
and school tax, she has already lost $404,345;
Mississippi has lost $362,129,and Illinois$485,717.
These are some of the losses which have been sus-
tained by stipulating that when Government sold
the land it should not be taxed for five years after
such sale, so as to enable the Government to get a
higher price for it; and I venture to say, that if
you look to the grants that have been made, and
the sales that have been made, you will find that
the new States have been drained by the General
Government, and that the amounts given in lands
bear no comparison to the sums of money which
have been drawn from them.
Mr. President, I must say, in conclusion, that I
feel very much as my friend from Mississippi ap-
pears to feel in regard to this road. The principal
portion of the land in Tennessee, and more espe-
cially in Mississippi and Alabama, whether the
road is made or not, could not absolutely be sold,
and never will be sold, for more than the estimated
value of the timber upon it. Certainly nothing
beyond that; for as to cultivation, every foot of
Jand—not every foot, perhaps, but at least every
forty acres—in that region that was considered to
be tillable, has been taken. It is the oldest settled
portion of the State, having been settled by the
Spaniards. We get now for our land next to
nothing; it rs an object, however, to get some ad-
vantage in the timber in the constiuction of the
road, so as to give us a communication with the
Great West, and endeavor to draw down a portion
of the products of that country to the Gulf at Mo-
bile, so that the lands higher up may have a cer-
tain mode of transporting their products to market,
without being entirely dependent on water com-
munication, which during several months in the
year is unavailable. I had hoped, considering the
importance of the work, that my friend from
Georgia would have been the last to throw any
impediment in the way of its completion. As to
the remarks which he made the other day, about
connecting this road with Georgia, when the
proper time comes for making such a proposition,
I assure him T will not object to it.
Mr. BUTLER. I have been opposed altogether
to the whole principle of taking the public lands
in the neighborhood of a road for purposes of this
kind; and when it was proposed, two or three
years ago, in another case, to give lands in this
—to take one section for the sake « f giving
value to another section—I foresaw that it would
lead to the abuses which I now apprehend, not-
withstanding that the Senator from Mississippi
proposes to restrict this enormous grant to
lands situated within fifteen miles of each side of
the road. That is a restriction to the wide prop-
osition now made, but it does not satisfy me at
all. I objected in limine to taking any of the pub-
lic lands for a road of this kind. But, Mr. Presi-
dent, look at the consequence. If Congress had
the power—and there are some who think it has—
to lay out a great national road, there might be
some good ground why we should take the public
lands to make it. Now, I would much prefer
that Congress should take upon herself the duty
of establishing a highway, than to depend upon
the local and partial policy, and the accidental
circumstances, arising in. States having public
lands, to regulate the high-roads of this country.
All railroads, no doubt, are conducive to the gen-
eral welfare. But why should this road be located
from a northern point in Illinois to Mobile? Why
should it not be made to terminate in South Caro-
lina? Simply because there are no public lands
in South Carolina.
Mr. DAVIS, of Mississippi. Oh no; oh no.
There is a difference of several hundred miles in
the distance, as well as a wide difference in the
grade.
Mr. BUTLER. Well, Sir, we have nobody to
help us. What we do, we must do with our own
money. But I will not reduce the question to so
narrow a ground as that.
Mr. KING. Oh, hope, hope.
Mr. BUTLER. " Hope" is a poor capital, 1
confess. My friend from Alabama knows verT'
well what he is about. He knows that he is car-
rying this road to Mobile through his own State;
and, so far as it is likely to contribute to the ad-
vancement of his State, I am glad of it. But per-
haps the old thirteen States will be like Lear, whp
made bountiful gifts to his children and was after-
wards turned out of doors himself. I am opposed
to the whole principle of using the public lands
for building private roads; for this is essentially a f
private road, although it belongs to the State of
Illinois; and that part of it I believe which is to |j
pass through Alabama and Mississippi belongs to jj
a company. Well, if it results in benefit to the ;j
public I do not object to it, but it is absolutely |i
using public property for private purposes. Now
my friend from Alabama used a pietty strong ex- j
pression. He says that Congress, m the plenitude ;
of its power, has a right to make any appiopria- '
tion of money that may come within the purview j
of its policy. Now, I ask him if he would make j
an appropriation of land for the purpose of build-
ing a national highway from Washington to New
Orleans? Sir, when I give away the public lands
for the making of this or that road, I wish to have
some good ground for doing so; and it becomes
me, and every one else, in the exercise of our dis-
cretion in relation to this part of the public prop-
erty, to inquire whether there are good grounds. ;
If I were to make a public road 1 would make one i
from here to New Orleans, and gentlemen could i
easily get such a road. Now, let it be understood j
that we want such a road, and let us agree also j
with my friend from Alabama in his latitudinanan j
construction of this clause of the Constitution, and |
we can soon raise money enough to build it. 1
There is no difficulty in getting the money upon i
his mode of calculation. I observe that the mode j
in which many gentlemen construe certain pro- ,
visions of the Constitution greatly depends upon j
local patriotism. [Laughter ] It has a wonder- |
ful influence. I believe patriotism to be founded {
on a mystical attachment to the soil. [Renewed ,
laughter ] j
Mr. FOOTE, playfully. I beg to call the gen-
tleman to order. I think it is wrong to reflect upon
the motives of any Senator. '
Mr. BUTLER. What motives:
The PRESIDING OFFICER. What is the
point of order}
Mr. BUTLER. I am already much indebted
to my friend from Mississippi', and I must be still
further indebted to him to explain what he means.
Mr. FOOTE. Well, I beg leave to say that the
Senator from South Carolina did charge my friend
from Alabama with patriotism. [Laughter.]
Mr. BUTLER. Well, I did say that my friend
from Alabama had given a pretty broad construc-
tion of that clause of the Constitution when lie
said that he would dispose of the public lands
in any way which Congress in us policy might
think proper.
Mr. KING. If it be considered necessary for
the advancement of the public interest, or would,
tend to the advancement of the price of the lands
yet remaining to Congress.
Mr. BUTLER. Exactly. And so the Senator
from Alabama says that Congress has a right to
appropriate the lands to any purpose which in its
policy it may think proper. Then I put the ques-
tion whether, upon the laying out of a road from
the city of Washington to the city of New #
Orleans—which no person will deny would re-
dound greatly to the interests of the country—i he
Senator from Alabama would concede that Con-
gress should appropriate the public lands ? Now,
I take the position that when Congress gives lands
for the purpose of making a road, it should also
take upon itself the responsibility of laying out
that road; and I will answer for it that we would
have very little difficulty m laying out such a road
if it was once understood that the public lands
could be taken to make it. Then I say that such
a wide construction of that clause of the Constitu-
tion to which the Senator from Alabama has ad-
verted must be the result.of an enlarged patriotism;
and it is proper that it should be so, for we are
very apt to subserve the interests of our own coun-
try, [laughter;] so that I do not see how I come
within the sphere of the criticism of my friend
from Mississippi, [Mr. Foote.] It is very well
for those to criticise who need it a little themselves
sometimes. Well, sir, I have said tnat I am op-
posed to this mode of appropriating the public
lands; and 1 am still opposed to it, out and out.
Mr. FOOTE. I do not rise to reply to the con-
stitutional argument which has been entered into
by my friend from South Carolina, [Mr. Butler.]
That has been replied to in advance, and he has
failed, in my judgment, notwithstanding his ability
to deal with subjects of this kind, to respond to
any of the most cogent arguments that have been
addressed to the Senate by the distinguished Sen-
ator from Michigan, [Mr. Cass,J and others who
preceded him in this debate. I rise simply for the
purpose of noticing an historical allusion which
the Senator has made. I do not say how the fact
may be, but I understood him to state that the
State of South Carolina originally owned the whole
of the State of Georgia.
Mr. BUTLER. Oh no; but her charter ex-
tended from South Carolina (as it then was) to the
South Sea.
Mr. FOOTE. I am willing, for the sake of
; argument, to admit that the fact is true, and that
Georgia owes her present existence to the generos-
ity of South Carolina. That would make Georgia
the daughter of South Carolina. Alabama and
Mississippi have always taken pride in being the
daughters of Georgia. Now, if it should turn out
that Georgia and South Carolina are both against
i Mississippi and Alabama in this controveisy, I
I undertake to say that the two States of Alabama
| and Mississippi havea righttoconsider themselves
I more cruelly and unkindly treated than any two
i States in the Confederacy. Yes, sir, they have a
j right to say that their mother and grandmother
' have turned against them, and prosecuted the most
! unnatural warfare against them. [Laughter.] 1
j hope, sir, that gentlemen on all sides wiH allow
j this protracted debate to be brought to a close now,
i and the vote to be taken.
; Mr. CHASE. I ask the indulgence of the Sen-
i ate for a moment. 1 voted upon the amendment
j of the Senator from New Jersey [Mr. Dayton]
i under a misapprehension. I was under the im~
' pression that 1 was voting upon the amendment of
, the Senator from Tennessee, [Mr. Bell,] and
voted with the yeas. Other Senators, i find, are
in the same piedicament. I ask that my vote may
i be charged.
Theie beiir* no objection, the vote was changed.
Messrs. BADGER', TURNEV.and iViANGUM
aUo asked and were permitted to change their votes
; upon the same amendment.
[Wc have made the necessary corrections in the
list of yeas and nays above published, to make the
vote correspond with these several changes.]
\\ Mr. DAVIS, of Mississippi. I would ask the
|j Senator from llhnos to explain one point in this
|j bill. In the first section, as amended, I perceive
ji there is a provision made for a branch of the road
ij to Chicago, on Lake Michigan. I ask how far
jj that linc'of road will diverge from the line of the
i| canal for which a grant has been heretofore made ;
Ij Mr. DOUGLAS. In reply to the Senator from
