1998
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
Sept. 27,
' not executed the contract according to its stipu-
lations.
When the contracts were advertised previous to
being let, samples of paper were exhibited by the
Secretary of the Senate, according to which all the
printing was to be executed. Upon comparing
these samples with the large bulk of the paper used,
it will be found that nine tenths of the whole amount
has been of an inferior quality. The process is sim-
ple. The regular number of documents, which is
about twenty-six hundred copies of each, including
those which are laid upon the desks of members,
are printed upon paper of that quality which the
contract requires, but all those documents which
are to be sent abroad throughout the country,'des-
ignated as the extra numbers, are printed upon
paper of ao inferior quality. And I undertake to
say that if the contractors go on and use this
same description of paper to print the extra num-
bers upon, they will save in the neighborhood of
$20,000, which they would be obliged to expend if
they used paper equal to the sample, and in con-
formity with their contract.
It is said in reply to this, that it has been the cus-
tom heretofore to print the extra number of docu-
ments on inferior paper. But I think there is a
great difference between the position of this con-
tractor and that of the public printers heretofore.
He had been doing the work under a specific con-
tract of his own making. He executed sealed
proposals, and undertook to do the work according
to particular samples which were exhibited. He
knew precisely what description and quality of
work he had to do. The bond which ne signed
requires that the paper shall be of a particular
quality, and of a specific weight, viz: thirty-eight
pounds per ream, whilst that used weighs only
thirty-two noundsper ream. The former costs in
market $4 75, the latter $3 30, making a saving
of $1 45 per ream, and in violation of his contract.
I therefore take issue with the gentleman from
Illinois upon the point he makes, that the public
printer has not violated his contract. And [ take
issue with him upon another point. I say the
contractor has not pressed the public work on as
fast as .he ought to have done. I will not charge
him with having delayed the public work design-
edly, but it is an incontrovertible fact, that the
work is far behindhand. And I undertake io say
that if he had employed more hands, and run his
presses night and day, as other public printers
have been accustomed to do, the work would have
been nearer up than it is at present.
Mr. STRONG. With the view of putting a
stop to this debate, I move that the committee rise.
The question was put, and carried in the affirm-
ative.
So the committee rose and reported.
Mr. STRONG moved that the rules be sus-
pended, to enable htm to offer a resolution sus-
pending the operation of the five minutes rule on
the amendments which they were now consider-
ing in Committee of the Whole on the state of
th« Union.
Mr. JONES asked the yeas and nays on the
motion.
The yeas and nays were refused.
The question, Shall the rules be suspended to
enable the grentleman from Pennsylvania to offer
the resolution he has indicated ? was, taken and
decided in the affirmative, two thirds voting
therefor.
Mr. STRONG then offered the resolution to sus-
pend the five minutes rule in its operation upon the
remaining amendments to the civil and diplo-
matic appropriation bill.
The question was taken, and the resolution was
agreed to.
Mr. STRONG moved that the rules be sus-
pended , and that the House again resolve itself into
Committee of the Whole on the state of the
Union.
Mr. CARTTER and Mr. FEATHERSTON
simultaneously moved that the House adjourn.
The motion was rejected.
So the House refused to adjourn.
The question recurred, and was taken upon the
motion to go into committee, and was decided in
the affirmative.
So the House again resolved itself into Committee
of the Whole on the state of the Union, (Mr.
Burt in the chair,) and resumed the consideration
of the amendments to the civil and diplomatic ap-
propriation bill.
The question recurring on Mr. McLane's
amendment to the amendment, it was put, and
carried in the negative*
Mr. THOMPSON, of Kentucky, moved the
following as a substitute for the three sections of
the Senate's amendment:
"Jlrtd be it further ena/:ted, That, from henceforth, the con-
gressional printing shad be executed by such persons as
each House of Congress may elect, al prices thirty-five per
centum below the prices established by the joint resolution
of 1819. And that the printing of the Executive depart-
ments shall be executed <it the same rates by such persons
as said departments shall direct; and the residue ot the
printing ot the present Congress shall be contracted for by the
Secretary of the Senate and the Clerk ot the House ot Rep-
resentatives; Provided, That existing contracts shall not
be affected or modified by this enactment without the con-
currence and approbation of the parties interested: Jliid
provided, further, That the provisions of this clause shall
only extend to and be in lorce during the present Congress."
Mr. WENTWOUTH wished to amend the
substitute.
The CHAIR ruled, that in this case it could not
be amended, although in ordinary cases it could be.
The question was then taken on the amendment
of Mr. Thompson, and it was rejected.
Mr. McCLERiN AND moved the following as
a substitute to the same section;
c' That the accounts of the public printers for all printing
executed, ordered, or to he ordered by Congress, or by either
House thereof, under the existing contract for the public
printing, be audited and settled by the Secretary of the
Treasury upon the term* of the several resolutioas adopted
by the two Houses in 1846."
The substitute was not agreed to.
Mr. PUTNAM moved the following as a sub-
stitute:
"The Secretary of the Treasury shall rescind the con-
tract entered into by the present contractors for the priming
ot Congress, if he shall be of the opinion that the same has
not been performed according to the terms of the contract,
and shall allow the actual and necessary cost and expense,
and no more, tor the work done under the contract, the
amount to be determined by the said Secretary, by evidence
that may be offered before hmi,and by such other means
as he may obtain or have in his possession."
The substitute was disagreed to.
Mr. MOORE moved to strike out the first sec-
tion of the Senate in regard to the printing.
After a few remarks of a conversational charac-
ter between Messrs. MARSHALL, NELSON,
MEADE, and the Chair—
Mr. BA.YLY stated that he had been instructed
by the Committee of Ways and Means to recom-
mend that the House agree to this section.
The question was then taken on striking out
this section, and it was stricken out.
Mr. CLINGMAN wished to move an amend-
ment; which
The CHAfR ruled out of order.
The question was now on agreeing to the fol-
lowing amendment of the second section of the
Senate's amendment, as follows:
*4Sec.—. And be it further enacted, That so much of the
printing of this session as remains unexecuted, shall be ad-
justed and settled upon the basis laid dowu m the foregoing
section "
Mr. BAYLY said, he had been instructed by
the Committee of Ways and Means to move to
strike out the word foregoing," and to insert the
word " following."
The question was taken by tellers, (Messrs.
Morehead and Meade acting as such,) and de-
cided in the negative—ayes 56, noes 66.
Mr. WENTWORTH moved to strike out the
section.
Mr. JONES moved the following; as a substitute j
for it: & j
Strike out all thereof after the enacting clause, and insert— |
"That upon tuJl and satisfactory proof being made to '
the Secretary of the Treasury of the actual cost incurred I
by the present contractors tor the printing of'Congre^s in the '
execution of their f eve ai contracts upon printing ordered
by the present session of Congress, thf- said Secretary shall !
be, and he is hereby, authorized to reimburse such contract- :!
ois the amount  o actually expended and incurred by said '
contractors upon said contractors relinquishing their con- '
tract tor said printing."
Mr. EVANS, of Maryland, moved to amend
the substitute by adding thereto the following:
" Provided, however^ That the profit on the printing during 1
the Twenty-ninth Congiess shall be tal*en into account with 1
the loss during this Congress, and that if the profit of that ■
Congress exceed the los* oi this, no allowance shall be made . i
to tfie contractor for this Congress." ''
The question was then taken on the amendment !!
of Mr. Evans, (Messrs. McMdu.ev, and Cabell ,i
of Florida, acting as tellers,) and rejected—ayes :•
52, noes not counted. i!
The question recurring on the substitute of Mr. |j
Jones, u was taken by tellers, (Messrs. Strong M
and Andrews acting as such,) and it was re- (I
jecied—ayes 55, noes 68. il
The question was then put on concurring with
the second section of the Senate's amendment, and
carried in the negative.
The third section of the amendment of the Sen-
ate was next considered, viz:
"Sec—. And be it further enatfed, That the said con-
tractor be, and he is hereby, relieved from his contract; and
that new proposals be received for the printing of the next
session, in conformity with the provisions of the resolution
approved 23d July, 1846, entitled 4 A resolution regulating
the printing of Congress, and establishing the compensaUou
lor the same.'  r
Mr. BAYLY moved to amend this section by
striking out the words " new proposals be re-
ceived, and inserting in lieu thereof the words
'the Secretary of the Senate and the Clerk of the
House of Representatives are hereby authorized
to contract, ' so that it would read,   that the said
contractor be, and he is hereby, relieved from his
contract, and thabthe Secretary of the Senate and the
Clerk of the House of Representatives are hereby
authorized to contract for the printing of the next
session," &c.
Mr. ORR inquired of the Chair if it was in order
to amend the amendment of the chairman of the
Committee of Ways and Means?
The CHAIR responded in the negative.
The amendment was rejected.
Mr. THOMPSON, of Mississippi, moved to
amend the section by striking out all thereof after
the enacting clause, ana inserting:
" That the present contractors tor the public printing be,
and they are hereby, relieved, the contractors con^entin®
thereto, from the fuither execution of their contract; and
that the Secretary of the Senate and the Clerk of the House
of Representativesshall, in pursuance of the joint resolunon
directing the manner of procuring the printing for the two
Houses of Congress, approved August 3, 1846, enter into
new contracts for the printing of tins session which remains
unexecuted, and for the printing of the next session of the
present Congress."
The amendment was rejected.
The House then refused to concur in the amend-
ment of the Senate.
On motion by Mr. BAYLY, the committee then
rose and reported the amendments to the House.
The question being on concurring in the said
amendments—
Mr. BAYLY moved the previous question,
which was seconded, and the main question or-
dered.
Mr. MEADE moved that the House adjourn.
The motion was disagreed to.
Mr. THOMPSON, of Mississippi, moved that
when the House adjourns, itadjourn to meet at ten
o'clock to-morrow.
The SPEAKER stated (hat the motion could
only be entertained by unanimous consent.
Mr. JONES objected.
Mr. THOMPSON moved a suspension of the
rules to enable him to submit* his motion-, which
was agreed to, two thirds voting therefor.
, Mr. THOMPSON then made his motion that
I when the House adjourns, itadjourn to meet at ten
j o'clock to-morrow morning.
| Mr. THOMPSON, of Pennsylvania, moved to
: amend the motion so as to make it at nine o'clock
in the morning; which amendment was rejected.
The motion of Mr. ThAipsok, of Mississippi,
was then agreed to.
Mr. CARTTER moved that the House adjourn.;
. and the question being put, the motion was dis-
I agreed to.
! On motion by Mr. VINTON, leave was granted
i the Committee of Ways and Means to sit durin"
the sessions of the House. °
' Mr. CARTTER moved that the House ad-
i jotirn.
, The SPEAKER interposed, and said, he felt it
j to be his duty to urge upon the House the con-
I sideration why they should not adjourn, without
i disposing of the bill to-night, that there was not the
least doubt that some of'-the amendments would
I have to be submitted to the action of a committee
of conference, which would require much time
before a final agreement. There were other ap-
propriation biiis in the same condition,
i Mr. CARTTER withdrew his motion.
: The House then proceeded to consider the re-
port of the Committee of the Whole on the state
of the Union on the amendments of the Senate.
The question was taken seciuiimupon the amend-
ments of the Senate, from 1 to 33, inclusive, .and
the action of the Committee of the Whole on the
state of the Union was concurred in.
The question next being on concurring, in the
amendment of the Senate appropriating $10,000
