1850.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
1999
for the expenses of the agent of the Sublime Porte,
to be disbursed under the direction of the Secre-
tary of the Treasury,
Mr. JONES demanded the yeas and nays on
the question. They were not ordered.
Mr. MILLER called for tellers on the question,
which being ordered, Messrs. Campbej.l and Mil-
ler were appointed.
The question was then put, and the tellers re-
ported—ayes 81, noes 40.
So the amendment was concurred in.
The action of the Committee of the Whole
striking out the 35th amendment of the Senate,
■which appropriated $200,000 for the enlargement
of the Capitol, was concurred in.
Mr. JONES inquired of the Chair whether the
House could not concur in the report of the Com-
mittee of the Whole on the state of the Union,
and avoid action on each amendment separately ?
Those amendments would have to go to a commit-
tee of conference without doubt; and it would save
time by at once confirming the action of the com-
mittee, and thus hasten the appointment of con-
ferees.
The CHAIR said it could be done if there was
no objection.
Objection being made—
Mr. VINTON moved ^suspension of the rules,
to enable him to submit a motion that the House
concur in the report of the committee.
The question was put, and the rules were sus-
pended for the purpose.
Mr.2VINT0N then submitted the motion that
the report of the Committee of the Whole on the
state of the Union on the amendments of the Sen-
ate be concurred in.
Mr. JOHNSON, of Arkansas, moved that the
House adjourn.
The question was put, and the motion was dis-
agreed to.
The question recurred on the motion of Mr.
Vinton.
Mr. DISNEY desired to know whether each in-
dividual member had not the right, according to
parliamentary law, to have a vote on the respective
propositions?
The CHAIR replied that the principle of parlia-
mentary law to which the gentleman from Ohio
referred, admitted of no doubt; but the House had ,
suspended the rules, and as the parliamentary law ;
was a part of those very rules, the suspension op-
erated upon that law also.
Mr. DISNEY entered his protest against such
action.
The question was then taken on the motion of
Mr. Vinton, and the report of the Committee of
the Whole on the state of the Union was con-
curred in. «
Mr. PUTNAM moved to reconsider the vote,
and to lay it on the table.
Mr. JOHNSON,"of Arkansas, moved that the
House adjourn.
The motion was disagreed to.
The question was then put, on laying the motion
to reconsider on the table, and it was agreed to.
Mr. WENTWORTfffmade some inquiry of the
Chair in regard to the rule of appointment of com-
mittees of conference.
The CHAIR stated that such a question would
be answered at the proper time.
On motion by Mr. STRONG, the House, at
twelve o'clock, adjourned.
PETITION,
The following petition was presented under the
rule, and referred to the appropriate committee:
By Mr. MORRfS: The petition of R. C. Dugan, David
Crawford, find thirty-six others, citizens of Brown county,
Ohio, a*king Congress to provide means for the removal
liom the Uniterl States all that portion of the African race
who are willing and ready to emigrate to Africa.
IN SENATE.
Thursday, September 26, 1850.
On motion by Mr. FOOTE, the reading of the
Journal was dispensed with.
The CHAIR presented the memorial of Cross,
Hobson &Co,, meichants, setting forth that cer-
tain duties on goods were exacted from them in
California, by agents acting under the orders of
Colonel Mason, the military and civil Governor
of California, and praying the passage by Congress
of an act directing that said duties should be
refunded; and the memorial was referred to the
Committee on Finance.
The CHAIR laid before the Senate a communi-
cation from the War Department, being a report,
made in pursuance of an act of Congress, show-
ing the appropriations and expenditures of the de-
partment during the fiscal year ending the 30th
June, 1850; which was read, and ordered to be laid
on the table.
REPORTS FROM COMMITTEES.
Mr. YULEE, from the Committee on Naval
Affairs, to whom had been referred the memorial
af Julius Meiere, asking remuneration for office
rent, &c., while a professor of mathematics in the
navy, and of the officers of the sloop-of-war Bos-
ton, asking to be remunerated for losses occasioned
by the wreck of that vessel on the Bahama Islands,
reported the same back, accompanied by adverse
reports; which were ordered to be printed.
Mr. Y. also, from the same committee, made an
adverse report on the memorial of John M. Glas-
son; which was ordered to be printed.
Mr. Y. also, from the same committee, to whom
had been referred various petitions, memorials, and
resolutions, in favor of granting bounty lands to
officers, seamen, and marines of the navy,reported
the same back as unfinished business.
And, on motion, the committee were discharged
from the futther consideration of the same.
port to the courts who are to act upon the titles.
There is no question about the propriety of the
law It is only extending to the persons who
occupy those lands the same laws which apply to
others, and which have not heretofore applied to
them, because they occupied this grant.
Mr. FELCH. I will inquire further, whether
the matter has been examined at the Land Office,
and whether any report has been made upon it?
Mr. DOWNS. There has been a full report
from the committee; and, in fact, the bill was
drawn up by the Land Office, after a full examina-
tion of the whole subject.
No amendment being offered, the bill was re-
ported to the Senate, and ordered to be engrossed
for a third reading.
THE BOUNTY LAND BILL.
Mr. SHIELDS moved that the Senate resume
the consideration of the bill granting bounty lands
to the officers and soldiers who have been engaged
in the military service of the United States.
Mr. CASS called for the yeas and nays upon
the motion to take up this bill, but withdrew the
call, and the bill was taken up.
Mr. SHIELDS hoped the bill would be per-
mitted to pass without further discussion or amend-
ment.
Mr. YULEE. f ask pardon of the honorable
Senator from Illinois; but I have an amendment to
Mr. DICKINSON, from the Committee on Ft**"'offer which, I believe, meets with his approbation.
nance, reported back, without amendment, the bill
from the House making appropriations for the
naval service of the United States.
Mr DAWSON, from the Committee on Mili-
tary Affairs, to whom had been referred the me-
morial of Mrs. Elizabeth'Armistead, widow of the
late General Walter K, Armistead, of the army of
the United States, reported a bill for the relief of
the legal representatives of General Walter K.
Armistead, late of the army of the United States;
which was read a first time by its title.
On motion by Mr. D., the bill was then read a
second time, and considered as in Committee of
the Whole. No amendment being made, the bill
was then reported to the Senate, and was read a
third time and passed.
SWAMP AND-OVERFLOWED LANDS.
On motion by Mr. SEBASTIAN, the Senate
took up Senate bill No. 3, entitled " An act grant-
ing to the State of Arkansas and other States the
swamplands lying within their respective limits,"
which had been returned from the House of Rep-
resentatives with the following amendments:
" 1st. Strike out the following words in the fiist section :
'known and designated on the plats of the General Land
Office as «wanip lands.'
"•2d. Insert after the word 'swamp,'in the fifth line of
the fourth section, the words,<and overflowed.'"
The amendments of the House were then con-
curred in.
PRIVATE LAND CLAIMS.
On motion by Mr. DOWNS, the Senate, as in
Committee of the Whole, proceeded to the consid-
eration of the bill for the settlement of classes of
private land claims within the limits of the Baron
De Bastrop grant, and for allowing preemptions to
certain actual settlers in the event of the final adju-
dication of the title of the said De Bastrop in favor
of the United States.
Mr. FELCH. As this bill was reported by the
Committee ©n Private Land Claims, 1 should be
glad if the chairman of that committee would make
some statement with regard to the object of the
bill, and the operation it wiil have.
Mr. DOWNS. I will state, Mr.President, that
this bill amounts to nothing more than applying
laws which already apply to all other lands in
Louisiana to the lands situated in the Baron De
Bastrop's claim. Those laws have not heretofore,
on account of the pendency of this claim, been ap-
plied to these ianus. The land offices have never
taken up and considered questions relating to those
lands on account of the pendency of a suit for set-
tang the original title. There is now a strong pre-
sumption, on account of one decision which has
already taken place, that the final decision will
be against that grant. The object of this bill, there-
fore, is merely to place the occupants of these
lands piecisely upon the same footing with other
settlers outside of the claim. The law is only
conditional, and will have no effect whatever, un-
less the Supreme Court decides against the origin-
al grant to De Bastrop. Then it gives no rights.
It only authorizes the Land Office to make a re-
t is intended only to furnish another guard for the
security of those for whose benefit the bounty is
intended.
It is intended as an additional section, to come
in at the end of the bill, as follows:
" And provided, further. That no patent issued under thia
act shall be delivered upon any power of attorney or assign-
ment passed before the passage of this act, and that all such
powers of attorney or assignment shall be considered and
treated as null and void/'
I will state the object of this amendment. The
purpose is simply this: As soon as this bill passed
m the House, I am informed by letters which I
have received, that persons distributed themselves
through the interior of the country, wheie the intel-
ligence had not been received, and procured pow-
ers of attorney and assignments from those whom
they knew to be interested, at very low prices. In
a letter which 1 have, it is stated that these trans-
fers have been made at from §20 to $50 from par-
ties entitled to the bounty; and the object of this
provision is to prevent any action of the depart-
ment on powex^ of attorney dated prior to the pas-
sage of this act, so that parties may have it m their
power to review the agencies they have authorized,
and take such steps as may be necessary to pro-
tect their interests.
The question being taken upon this amendment,,
it was agreed to.
Mr. YULEE. 1 have another amendment to
offer, which is to insert the word " military" be-
tween the words " any" and " land warrant," m
the twenty-third line of the first section, so that it
will read:
" Pionded the person so having been in service shall not
receive said laid, or or any paart thereof, if it shall appear
by the muster-rolls of Ins regiment or corps that he des-erted
or was dishonorably discharged from service, or if he has
received or is entitled to any military land bounty under any
act of Congress heretofore passed."
I propose to insert the word " military," because
there are several other species of land warrants, to
which it is not proper that this provision should
apply.
The question being taken upon this amendment,
it was agreed to.
Mr. DAWSON. I now move to renew the
amendment which I withdrew at the request of
several friends of the bill—to add, m the proper
place, the words, <c legal representatives of the
deceased.'' The object of this amendment is,
that if the soldier has died, leaving a widow and
children, they shall have the same rights that the
soldier would have had if he were still living.
Mr. WALKER. I think the object aimed at
by the honorable Senator from Georgia will be
substantially accomplished by an amendment pro-
posed by the committee, and already adopted,
which extends the benfits of this bill to the
widows certainly, if not to the children also.
Mr. DAWSON. The widow, not having mar-
ried again, will be entitled under the bill as it now
stands. But the object of this amendment is, to
put this benefit upon the nature of a legal right for
services rendered by the soldier, and that when he
