THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
PUBLISHED AT WASHINGTON, BY JOHN C. RIVES.—TERMS $3 FOR THIS SESSION
31st Congre
SATURDAY, SEPTEMBER 28,
5ion.
New Series.... No. 126.
I did not suppose that he seriously meant to
threaten the Senate. I did not believe that the
honorable Senator meant exactly what he said. 1
supposed it was one of those sudden and ill-con-
sidered expressions which we are all liable to make
when under excitement; and 1 merely said in re-
ply, that settles it.
Now, ]V{r. President, with respect to what any
gentleman may say about our stopping discussion,
and all that: Stopping discussion—of what? Every
member upon this floor understands just as well Kg
the Senator from Wisconsin—just as well as 1 do—
the whole merits of the subject; and every one
who chooses to do so, will make a speech upon it.
I have had too much experience upon the subject
to doubt that. I have not even any doubt that
the gentleman can, if he will, prevent our action
upon the bill by talking it down; and if he does, I
cannot help it; but I will ask whether he would
consider it a matter of justice or of expediency to
embairass, in that manner, the wishes of the ma-
jority of the Senate? Many of these amendments
may be good iri themselves; and if gentlemen will !
bring in a separate measure to secure the objects |
which they aun at, i will, if my judgment' ap- !
proves it, vote for it; but 1 do not want to overload
this bill in such a manner as to fail of final action
upon it at this session. But, sir, the object is not
to amend the bill. Notwithstanding the preten-
sions made by some, they arc still opposed to the
bill, and desire to kill it; and I concur with the
honorable Senator from Indiana, that by putting
amendments upon this bill we shall be very likely
to kill it, and I hope the friends of the bill will
dispense with them.
As respects what the honorable Senator says
about the " old soldiers' bill," I confess, sir, that
I am in favor of the old soldier. My sympathies
are with him. My recollections are with him, and
my sense of justice is with him. I am exceed-
ingly anxious to pass the bill, and I trust the Sen-
ate will pass it, and take it as we can get it with-
out amendment.
Mr. DAWSON. Mr. President, I had no idea,
sir, that my friend from Michigan would find him-
self so unequally yoked on the other side of the
Chamber, that he would take me up along with
the Senator from Wisconsin, in order to show
how handsomely he could manage both of us.
[Laughter.] He says that notwithstanding the
pretensions made by some, they are still opposed
to the bill. 1 desire to know of the honorable
Senator if he alluded to me in that statement.
Mr. CASS. I did. What I meant was this: 1
have no doubt that the honorable gentleman, after
what he has said, will vote for the bill, if the wid-
ows and children are included; but I have no
doubt, on the other hand, that he would rather the
bill should not pass at all.
Mr. DAWSON. That is a very strong argu-
ment in favor of the measure which [ propose. 1
very candidly stated to the honorable Senator that,
if this amendment were adopted I would vote for
the measure. The authority to inquire whether
I would do so or not is not, I believe, a parliament-
ary right; but out of courtesy to the honorable
Senator 1 replied to his question. The honorable '
Senator, after receiving that answ^i-, has not acted
quite so courteously towards me as 1 supposed he
would have done, when he talks of my preten-
sions. I will state to him, however, and to the
country, in order that there may be no misunder-
standing upon the subject, that the idea which 1
threw out the other day is not without force—that
those who are living have gratitude and votes to
give, while those who are dead have not. If this
bill is passed without the amendment which I have
offered, it will be a violation, in my judgment, of
the rights of the deceased soldier; and 1 do not
believe it will receive the approbation of the people
of this country.
Mr. UNDERWOOD. Mr. President, I wish
to make some remarks upon this subject. This
bill is a testimony of gratitude—is a bounty. It
is not the performance of a past contract, although
it results from gratitude for past services. Now,
sir, I believe the bill is very popular among my
126
constituents. I believe, from all the indications
which I have received, that it is among the most
popular measures before this body. "I will not.
even say with my friend from Georgia, that if it
can be amended I will vote for it. I intend to vote
for it in either event. But, sir, I am very janxious
to amend it. I would .rather postpone it until the
next session, and have it passed with appropriate
modifications, than pass it now as it i-<; because
I believe, sir, that if you refuse to make the amend*
men is to this bill now, while we have it before us,
it is very doubtful whether we shall ever pass
another bill to make the necessary rectifications,
and there are certain modifications which I fee!
extremely anxious to see made. For example, 1
am anxious to have retained the amendment which
I offered, and which was adopted the other day,
to provide for those who were kept by the Indians
—some eight, ten, twelve, and some as many as
twenty-four months.
Now, sir, let me give you another case. I
know some of these men who were under arms in
these wars, and I knew some who are dead,
leaving widows and children in my neighborhood
—some of them minor children, and poor. Now,
Mr. President, I wish you to fancy the scene
which will take place on my return home, be-
tween me and these widows and children, if this
bill is passed without amendment. They will say
sto me: So, I understand, you have passed an
army bill—an old soldiers' bill. Do I get the
share which my husband or my father would have
been entitled to if he had lived ? Is it coming to
me or to my children ?" I shall have to answer,
"No." " Why not11" will be the inquiry. "Did:
he not serve as long and as faithfully as those
whom you have provided for? He died, u is ;
true, before the passage of this bill; but why make :
the distinction ?" I must say to the poor widow,
" It is true, your husband is dead, and you lost a
great deal by his death. You lost a support for
yourself and your infant children, and the Gov-
ernment, in distributing its bounty, forgot your
condition, passed by you, and rewarded those only
who were iiving." Who does not perceive, sir,
that I should be placed, at such an interview, in a
most trying and unpleasant condition ? 1 confess,
sir, that I cannot consent to let this description of
persons pa-?s unprovided for in this bill, when
they have the same claims upon our consideration
that the smviving soldiers have. I would prefer
letting the biil he over for two months, and I pro-
test against the efforts to get the bill through in
any shape, under the pretext that, unless we do
so, it may fail. I have no faith in what is said
about providing by another bill for those who are \
not provided for in this. Now, having made these
remarks, I confess that I would prefer modifying
the amendment of the Senator from Georgia, so
as to provide for widows, if there be any, and, if
there be no widow, then for the infant children.
But if there be neither widow nor infant children,
1 am pot for extending the provision to collaterals.
I am in favor of limiting it to widows and minor
children.
Mr. DAWSON accepted the amendment, as fol-
lows:
" Section 1, line 3, insert after word'survivor?!,'the fol-
lowing: «or the widow or minor children of deceased."'
Mr. FOOTE. I simply rise to beseech Senators
to let this discussion stop. We have a large num-
ber of important measures to be adopted between
now and the close of the session, and we have
only two or three days within which to transact a
great deal of business vital to the welfare and pros-
perity of the country. It is absolutely certain that
if we consume so much time in debate, as gentle-
men seem inclined to do, we shall be most griev-
ously disappointed. I am as fond of speaking as
any man in this body, and upon suitable occasions,
when we have time, I have been very much in the
habit Qf speaking ad libitum. But I do think that
at the present time it is most objectionable and
most censurable for gentlemen to waste the public ;
time and money by making long speeches here I
upon every measure before us. For my part, fond j
as I am of speaking, I have been habitually silent I
for a week or ten days past, and shall be so to the
end of the session.
The question being taken upon the amendment,
it was agreed to. v
Mr. PEARCE moved to add to section one the
following:
"And that any offier.r, private, or musician, whether of
regulars, volumes or militia, who lias actually been under
fire in any engagement wuh the enemy, shall be entitled to
one hundred and sixty acres of land.''
Mr. P. said: Mr. President, I will not detain the
Senate by statins: all the considerations which have
induced me to offer thisamendment, but I will state
a few reasons. The bill provides for giving boun-
ties to those who have served m the army, with-
out reference to the character of the service they
have undergone. 1 think that those services best
entitled to reward are those which have been most
useful to the country and most dangerous to the
individual. You give a large amount of public
lands to a soldier who has served, although he
may have been in the garrison every day for
twelve months—although he may not have smelt
gunpowder, or been within reach of the longest
cannon-shot during the whole time; but you ex-
clude, by the provisions of your bill, from all par-
ticipation in the bounty, those men who have
fought, and bled, and almost died, in the service
of the country. We know very well that some of
the most brilliant achievements of the last war
have been performed by men who were not regu-
larly enlisted, or called out as volunteers for even
three months. Some of the most brilliant achieve-
ments have been performed by men called out on
the spur of the occasion to resist sudden inva-
sions, in which they have distinguished themselves
by repelling; the enemy, and in fact covered them-
selves^as the Spanish Americans say, " with im-
perishable glory"—by men, each one of whom
was as full of courage as the oldest officer in the
army, and as full of patriotism as the oldest Sena-
tor of this body, which is the strongest figure I
can use. But I will pursue this no further than
to say, that if we are to give the bounty to any-
body, we ought to give it to the men who stood
under fire in the times .that tned men's souls,
raiher than to those who have wasted their time
in the holiday exercises of the garrison.
Mr. BALDWIN, I rise to offer an amendment
to the amendment of the honorable Senator, by
inserting after " musician'' the words, 41 or any
naval officer, seaman? or marine."
Mr. PEARCE accepted the modification, and
the amendment was then agreed to.
Mr. WALKER moved to strikeout from the
thiid section, fifth line, the words " or certificate of
entry on such warrant or certificate," so as to
read:
" That all sales, mortgages, letters of attorney, or other
instruments of writing, going to affrcr the title or claim
to any warrant or ct-rufk'ate herein before provided for,
made or executed prior to the issue of the patent, shall be
null and void."
Mr. W. said: To explain my desire and mean-
ing in this respect, I will state that this warrant,
when issued, goes into the hands of the soldier
himself, but may also be delivered to anybody
who takes to the office a certificate of entry made
upon it. He carries it immediately hack to the
soldier, who makes his assignment, his transfer;
so that in ftct the negotiable feature of the war-
rants will be left, unless these words are stricken
out. What I wish to get at is, that any transfer
shall be null and void prior to the issue of the
patent.
The amendment was agreed to.
No further amendment being proposed, the bill
was reported to the Senate.
Mr. SHIELDS. Nothing will provoke me into
a discussion now, at this stage of the session, on
this bill. I simply want to say that sometrf the
amendments are inconsistent with others, or with
portions of the bill, and that, if the bill passes in its
present shape, no man can either calculate its
effect, or the quantity of the land which will be
required under it. I repeat again that I will call
on the friends of the bill in the Senate to get rid of
all the amendments, and to passfthe bill as it came
