1850.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
90)
So the amendment was rejected.
Pending further action—
CALIFORNIA.
Mr. WILMOT rose and stated that he desired
to leave the city this evening, to be absent for
some weeks*, that, as was known to the members
of the committee, he had had the floor for several
days upon the California question, and that as it
was now about the usual hour of adjournment, he
asked the unanimous consent of the committee, in
order to enable him to be heard upon that question,
to allow him to fnove that the committee rise,
with a view of again going into committee upon
the President's message transmitting the constitu-
tion of California.
[Cries of "Agreed."]
Mr. JONES suggested that there was no ne-
cessity for the committee to rise, but that by unan-
imous consent the census bill could be laid aside
and the President's message be taken up to allow
the gentleman from Pf nnsylvania to be heaid.
This suggestion being acquiesced in by the unan-
imous consent of the committee—
The census bill was informally laid aside, and
the California question was again taken up for
consideration.
Mr. WILMOT, who was entitled to the floor,
addressed the committee during his hour, (in re-
marks which will be published in the Appendix.)
Mr. W. having concluded—
Mr. WINTHROP obtained the floor.
Mr. W. was invited to yield to a motion that
the committee rise.
Mr. W. said that before giving way for that
motion, he desired that the question might he
understood. He had obtained the floor on the
special message of the President of the United
States, relating to the admission of California.
That subject had been taken up by unanimous
consent, and he supposed K to be the desire of the
committee to proceed with the consideration of the
census bill.
The CHAIRMAN said, that the committee had
been engaged on the census bill. That bill by
unanimous consent had been laid aside, and the
California message taken up. The census bill
was now the regular business before thp commit-
tee, and the gentleman from Massachusetts [Mr.
Winthrop] would be entitled to the floor, when
the California message should again come up.
So the census bill was again taken up.
Mr. RICHARDSON moved that the committee
rise.
The motion having prevailed, the committee
rose and reported progress.
On motion, after an ineffectual effort to obtain
the yeas and nays, it was ordered that when the
House adjourned it adjourn to meet on Monday
next.
And then the House adjourned to Monday at
twelve o'clock.  
PETITIONS, &c.
The following petitions, memorials, &c., were
presented under the rule, and referred to the appro-
priate committees:
By Mr. HENRY: The petition of Timothy GoodalJ and
12,'* others, electors of Jamaica, Wmrtbam county, Vermont,
praying that slavery and the slave trade may beexpie;s-!y
piohibited by act of Congress, in all the territories of the
United States.
Also, the petition of the same persons, praying for the re-
peal of all laws by which slavery or the slave trade is sanc-
tioned in the Distnct o( Columbia, ami that, in the event of
then non-repeal, the seat of tile General Government may
be removed to a more suitable b cation.
Also, the petition o( the same citiaens, piaving that no
State beherealter admitted into the Union, unle&  the con-
stitution ot such State shall expressly prohibit the existence
of slavery within its, hunts.
Also, the petition of the same citizens, prajing that pro-
vision he made by law, that whenevei a person shall be ai-
rested as a fugitive slave, in any State other than that m
which he is alleged to he held to service, he shall not be de-
livered to the claimant or to ins agent, except by the find-
ing of a jury that he is the slave of the claimant.'
By Mr. HOWE : The memorial ot John S. Pearson and
34 others, citizens of Mcicur county, Pennsylvania, and
surviving officers and s>oldit,rs of the vyarof 181*2, praying
(\>D!iM-s to make the same liberal provision for themand
the men ot that war, that has been made for the men of the
Keudolion and Mexican wai. and not require that the set-
vice -hall have been six months.
By Mr. CALDWELL, of Kentucky : A petition for a
post-ioute trom Harrison, in Pulaski county, Kentucky, by
wav of Miltonville, near the Casey county line, to Liberty,
in Casey county.
By Mr. T \YLOR : The petition of MarthaGarrard, Allen
ChtMian, Margaiet Clni-iian, John Clni tian, and Charles
M. Heftier, the heir* ot William Cbtistian, deceased,-who
was a captain m the Vnginia Continental Line, prajmg
Congress to grant them the five years' full pay, which was
due to their ancestor, under certain resolutions of Congress
therein named.
By Mr McLANAHAN : The petition of S. L. Senfman
and 56 others, citizens of Franklin county, TeunsvIvama,
prajing that the duty on foreign iron may be so modified as
to prevent sudden and enormous mipoits of a foreign ar-
ticle.
By Mr. EVANS, of Ohio: The petition of citizens of
Guernsy county, Ohio, praying for cheap postage.
By Mr. PHCCNIX: The memorial of the deputy col-
lectors of the district port of New York, for relief, !
By Mr. THOMPSON, of Kentucky : The petition of !
Isaac Graham, of Washington county, Kentucky, a&kmg for
a pension. j
HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES. j
Monday, J\lay 6, 1850. !
The Journal of Friday was read and approved. '
DEFICIENCY BILL. j
Mr. BAYLY asked the unanimous consent of!
the House to enable him to report the deficiency j
bill, and to have it referred to the Committee of.
the Whole on the state of the Union. It was very j
important, he said, to the public service that this j
bill should be acted on, and he hoped there would j
be no objection. j
No objection being made, the bill was reported, |
referred to #he Committee of the Whole on the j
state of the Union, and the amendments of the j
Senate and the amendments of the Committee of j
Ways and Means to the same, ordered to be j
printed. ' j
" BUNDELCUND," &C. j
Mr. STANLY asked the unanimous consent i
to offer the following resolution, and if objection j
were made, he gave notice that he should move a 1
suspension of the rules for its introduction, as fol- j
lows: ,
Resolved, That the select committee appointed on the :
motion (if the gentleman fiom Illinois, [Mi. Rilh^ru&on,] ;;
to inquire and report what peisons in office, by appoint- ,j
' ment of Thomas Ewirig, Secretary oi the Interior, are cor- ';
' respondents of newspapers; their salaries, and what papers i j
1 they edit or wriu* fur," be also instructed to lnquue and I
leport fo this House, what persons holding othc^ under the
I Hist Administration, a^ clerks in any ot the public offices,
auditors, heads of bureaus, Commissioner ot Patents, or
Assistant Postmaster General, were correspondents ot news-
papers, wrote tor or edited newspapers; their salaries and
compensation foi the -ame ; and who, m particular, was the
author of certain party e-5oajs signed L< Bundeicimd/'and
what office he then held.
And also, whether, during the last canvass for th^ Pres-
idency, any ot the above-named officers absented iheinselvt-s
from their ofnees and otfu-ial dutie- to makt* .-p^i->ches and
public addresses against the election ol General Taylor. ♦
And also, whet!ierkthe above-named officers or any of
them, during said canvass, were called upon or required to
subscribe or pay monej' for an electioneering fund against
General Taylor, and at whose instance tins was done.
The resolution was read for informauoafc
Mr. BROWN, of Mississippi, objectetr to the
reception of the lesolutzon.
Mr. STANLY moved to suspend the rules, for
the purpose of enabling him to introduce the ieso-
lution, and on that question he asked for the yeas
and nays.
Mr. HALL inquired if this resolution did not
embrace matter which was not relevant to the
business before the committee?
Mr. STANLY" replied m the negative; on the
contrary, it foimed a part of the subject on which
the committee were engaged.
The demand for the yeas and nays having been
carried in the affirmative, the question on the in- j
troduction of the resolution was decided in the j
affirmative—yeas 109, nays 45; as follows: ;
YEA;?—Messrs Alexander, Ahton, Anderson, Ashe, ■
Rakei, Borofk, Booth, Bowdon, l>ut'2s Brooks, YVilham j
J. Brown, Bunows, Che-ter Butlei, T. l>. Butler, Joseph '
Cable, G A. Caldwell, J P. Caldwell, Oaiviu, Campbell, !
Casey, Chandler, Clarke, ('lineman, W. U. W. Cobb. j
Conger, Corwin, Crowell, Debcriv, Disney, Dunham, Dur-
kee, Na'han Evans Featliei-ttm, Fowlei, Goiman. Gott,
Gould, Gieen, Gunnel!, Hallow a\. Ha\, Ha\m<ind, H bard,
H<nry, Hoagland, Houston, Howard, Howe, Hubbaiii,
I Hunter, Inge, J. \V. J.iek-on, \V. T Jai k<on, Jones, Julian.
Dan. P. Kmg, Geo. G. King, Jas. G. King, John A. King, ,
Pre-ton Kmg, Maishall, Ma.-ou, Matte^on, McDowt 1). Mc-
Griuiibev, Hob. M. McLam', M< Mullm, Meaeham, .Moore,
Morris, Morton, Nelson. Oale, Olds, Otis, Outlaw, Pea-Ice,
Pitman, Powell, Putnam, lietd. Rtjnolds, fbKkwvli, lux-t^
Hose, Rumsey, Sawf.-lle, SeiioolctaU, Seddon, Sheppord,
Sprague, Stanlv, F. P. Stanton, R. II Stanton. Thaddous
Stevens, Taylor, Toombs, Tuck, Underhiil, Tenable, Yin- 1
ton, Waldo, Watkms, Wentwurih, William-, WiNon, Win- i
thiop, and Woodwaid—U)9. <
NAYS—Messrs. All-eitson, Ba) Iv, Beale, Bi<seil, Boyd, ,
A. G. Brown, Uuel, Burt, Carter, Cleveland, Edmmidsori,
Fuller, Hall, Andicw Johnson, Kaufman, La £ere, Lefth r,
Liftltfield, Job Mann, MeCIernand. McDonald, McWillie, ;
Mill-on, Morse, Oir, Parker, Phelps, Potter, Ro>^. Savage,
A. II Stephens, Sietson, cUrons;, Sweeper. Thoma,-, Jacob :
Thompson, Janus Thompson, Win. Thompson. Wallace,
Wihlrick, and Wood—4o. ' ' j
Mr. SACKETT, when his name was called,
rose to explain that he had paired off with a gen-
tleman from Ohio, [Mr. Miller,] and must there-
fore be excused from voting.
When the Clerk was about to read over the list
of votes—
Mr. RICHARDSON asked that his vote might
not be counted. He had agreed to pair off with
Mr. Anderson, of New York, but, under an im-
pression that that gentleman was in his seat he had
given his vote. As he did not see the gentleman in
his seat, he now desned that his vote might not
be counted.
So (two-thirds voting in the affirmative) the
rules were suspended and the resolution was re-
ceived.
Mr. STANLY. Profiting1 by the experience of
two weeks ago when I was, cut out of the consider-
ation of this resolution by a gentleman on the
other side [Mr. Jones] objecting to it, I move the
previous question.
Mr. COBB, of Alabama, appealed to the gentle-
man from North Carolina to withdraw the demand
for the previous question, to enable him to offer an
amendment, to make the inquiry extend to the
Whig clerks in office who contributed to the fund
for the election of General Taylor.
No response was heard from Mr. STANLY.
Mr. BOCOCK. called the yeas and nays on the
adoption of the resolution.
The resolution was again read for information.
Mr. GREEN said there was an amendment
which he would like to have the gentleman from
North Carolina accept. He thought the gentleman
would do so wh^n he heard it read.
Mr. STANLY. The gentleman objected to my
resolution, i do not now accept his amendment.
Mr. McLANE, of Maryland, inquired it' it
would be m order to move a reconsideration of the
vote by which the rules had been suspended ?
The SPEAKER. The Chair hcu no lecollec-
tion of such a motion ever having been entertained.
Mr. McLANE. I make the motion. I be-
lieve it to be in order. I do so because I voted to
suspend, with the understanding that the amend-
ments proposed on this side of the House would
be received
The SPEAKER interposed, and stated that no
debate was m order.
The question being on the motion to reconsider,
Mr. CROW ELL moved to lay the motion on
the table.
The question was taken, and decided in the af-
firmative.
So the House laid on the table the motion to
reconsider.
The question recurring on seconding the demand
for the previous question—
Mr. OLDS said he wished to offer an amend*
ment.
The SPEAKER. The Chair repeats that no
amendment is in order at this time. The gentle-
man from North Carolina can modify his resolu-
tion, if he sees proper.
Mr. OLDS wished his amendment read for in-
formation.
Mr. CONGER objected to the reading.
So the amendment was not read.
The question being on seconding the demand for
the previous question—
Tellers were asked and ordered, and Messrs.
Duncan and Albertson appointed.
The question bem^ taken,
The tellers reported—ayes 80, noes SO—a tie.
The SPEAKER. The Chair votes in the neg-
ative, making the vote—ayes feO, noes bl. So the
demand for the previous question is not seconded.
Mr. DROWN, of Mississippi, addressed the
Speaker, and whs recognized.
Mr. GENTRY rose and said that, having come
in after the tellers had made their report, he had
addressed the Speaker, with the view to vote, be-
fore the Speaker announced the vote. He did not
know whether his vote could be received under
the circumstances.
• The SPEAKER stated that the gentleman was
too late to vote.
Mr. BROWN, of Mississippi, (resuming the
floor ) inquired if the resolution was now before
the House ?
The SPEAKER replied in the affirmative.
Mr. BROWN said he had objected to the intro-
duction of this resolution not because he was op-
posed to the investigation proposed by it. If the
