2004
THE CONGRESSIONAL' GLOBE.
Sept. 26,
own land. But bow did the State which the hon-
orable Senator [Mr. Baldwin] represents act in
these matters? After the close of the war, in or-
der to heal dissensions and provide a fund for the
Federal Government, all the States were called
upon to make cessions of these unappropriated
lands In response to that call the State of Vir-
ginia gave up the whole at once. Like the poor
old Lear, in whose character the poet has beauti-
fully depicted principles that belong to the whole
human family, she gave up the whole. She re-
served only a given quantity to satisfy her military
bounties, and to make indemnity for the expenses
of the war. And what did the State which is rep-
resented by the honorable gentleman over the way
[Mr. Baldwin] do, when she made a cession of
land in response to the same call ? Sir, in that ces-
sion she reserved all the territory lying between
the 41st and 4(M degrees of north latitude, and
west of the western line of Pennsylvania, to the
amount of three million six hundred ahd sixty-six
thousand acres; and that,too,for private purposes.
She withheld it from the general fund, in order ihat
she might be enriched; and from that territoiy the
State of Connecticut hasdet ived in money upwards
of $2,000,000 Yet, after all this, the State of Vir-
ginia is to be rebuked by the representative of that
State for having made lar^e appropriations of mil-
itary bounty land to her officers 1 Sir, I feel strongly
when a rebuke comes from any quarter respecting
the conduct of Virginia in regard to the revolu-
tionary war; but I feel something like indignation
"when it comes from that quarter.
Mr. ATCHISON. Mr. President 
Mr. BALDWIN. Mr. President, I beg the
Senator from Missouri to indulge me a moment,
to reply to the Seriaior from Virginia.
Mr. ATCHISON. If the Senator will make a
motion to lay the whole subject on the table, I will
give way.
Mr. BALDWIN assented, and continued: Sir,
the Senator from Virginia has thought proper to
refer, disparagingly, to the conduct of the State of
Connecticut m reserving from her cession a portion
of her public domain. I can inform that Senator,
sir, that Connecticut, small as she is in territory,
email as she was in population when compared
with the State of Virginia, had more troops in the
field during the revolutionary war than the great
State of Virginia.
Mr. CASS, i rise to a question of order. I
want to know if at this stage of the session it is
proper and right to fight over again the battles of
the revolutionary war ?
Several Senators. Let him go on. Go on.
Mr. BALDWIN. This was stated by Chief
Justice Ellsworth, one of the delegates from Con-
necticut in the Convention which formed the Con-
stitution of the United States; and no delegate from
Virginia—though Mr. Madison was present, and
participated in the debate—ventured to deny it.
And yet the Senator from Virginia says he looks
almost with indignation upon the State of Connec-
ticut, because one of her Senators, in the perform-
ance of a duty imposed upon him as a member of
one of the committees of this body, has thought
proper to rebuke the frauds which have been com-
mitted by individuals in the State which that Sen-
ator has the honor to represent. Sir, Virginia is
a noble State; I impute nothing dishonorable to
her. But, inasmuch as I have deemed it my duty
to rebuke those frauds, the Senator alludes m
terms of disparagement to the State which gave
me birth, and which I have the honor to represent;
because with alt her revolutionary claims she
thought proper, in ceding her western domain, to
reserve a comparatively small portion of it for the
purposes of popular education. Sir, this reserva-
tion was not made for any mere private objects; it
was not made to aid her in the discharge of her
revolutionary responsibilities, or the payment of
her civil-list expenditures, but for the noble purpose
of providing for the education of every child with-
in her limits, and of peopling as well the magnifi-
cent territory which she ceded as that which she
reserved, with an educated, enlightened, and enter-
prising population.
It was by this reservation that we laid the foun-
dation of that munificent school-fund which ena-
bled those who took* the census in that State in
1840 to return that they found in the whole State
of Connecticut but five hundred and twenty-six
persons of adult age who were not able to read
and write, and these are believed to have been
chiefly foreigners. Can the Senator from Virginia
say as much for his State, and appeal to the re-
turns of the census to confirm him ?
But, sir, it seems that the State of Virginia, in
order to induce her citizens to share in the perils,
the dangers, and the glories of the Revolution,
was obliged to offer the enormous bounties which
I have already stated to the Senate. Sir, the citi-
zens of Connecticut rushed at once to the combat.
They were at Ticonderoga, sir. Yes, sir; they
were there with Ethan Allen and his Green Moun-
tain boys—himself a native of Connecticut at their
head—on an expedition planned in Connecticut,
and supplied from us public treasury, before the
Continental Congress of 1775 had assembled—
capturing that important fortress, almost before
the blood had grown cold that was shed at Con-
cord and at Lexington. They were at Bunker's
Hill, with Putnam, and Knowlton, and Grosve-
nor, and their brave compatiiots, who needed no
bounty to induce them to engage in the service of
their country. 1 need not dwell on the revolution-
ary history of my Slate, it is known to all who
hear mc. Was it too much, then, I ask, when
the State of Virginia, with fewer troops in the
fit-Id than Connecticut, thought proper to reserve
9,000,000 acres of land m what is now the State of
Kentucky, and 3,700,000 more in Ohio, in the ces-
sion of her claims to the Northwestern Territo-
ry, that the State of Connecticut should reserve
3,000,000 acres of her teintory for the free educa-
tion of her children?—;the descendants of her sons
who ftad bravciy fought, and many of whom had
fallen, on the battle-fields of the Revolution, in the
service of their country—a service in which they
had engaged without any such inducements to
stimulate their patriotism as weie offered by Vir-
ginia to her sons ? Was it too much for them to
ask ? No, sir; no, sir.
Sir, I do not propose at this time to go into the
question of the title of the State of Vnginia to
this northwestern territory, which she professes to
have ceded to the Government of the United States.
If time permitted, sir, I could show that, while
the State of Connecticut had a title to the lands
which she reserved, the title of Virginia to the ter-
ritory she ceded was at least a doubtful one. And
for ail the services which are claimed to have been
rendered by her sons m conquering that territory
from the enemy, they have leceived a liberal re-
ward from the Government and neen quartered on
the public Treasury. How can tt be claimed that
Virginia was entitled to the fruits of the conquest,
when her soldiers have been so liberally provided
fur out of the common Trea3ury, and are now
claming that the Government of the United
States^should a-sume and pay a large additional
amount for the yet outstanding bounties offered
by that State? Sir, no such claim has been made
by the State of Connecticut. [Senators: Glues-
lion, question.] I now move to lay the bill upon
the table.
The yeas and nays were demanded, and having
been ordered, were taken, and resulted as follows:
YEAS—Messrs. Atchison, Badger, Baldwin, Barnwell,
Bunion,Gwtn, Hamlin, King, Sptuance, and Wale?—lu.
NAYS—Messrs. Btli,Berrien,Bright,Clarke,
Cooper, Davis oi Mas «iciiUffU , Davis ot Mississippi, Daw-
son, Da\ton, Dickinson, Dodge ol Wisconsin, uodge ol
Iowa, Downs, Ewiug, Fekh, t'oote, Fiemont,Greene, Hak,
Houston, Jojujs., M<tsuii, Morion, IVatce, I'tatt, Seward,
Shields, Smith, Soule, Sturgeon, Turiny. Underwood, Wal
leer, VVhilcomb, Winttirop, ajid Yuiee—33.
So the amendment was not laid upon the table.
Mr. UNDERWOOD. Mr. President, i rise to
say to my friend from Virginia, who commenced
his remarks by quoting the trite Spanish adage,
"God save me from my friends, and I will take
care of my enemies," that in this contest he has
manifested much more chivalry than strategy—
much more valor than discretion. I think that by
this time he must be thoroughly satisfied that the
policy which I suggested to him is the true policy,
if he wishes any thing done in the matter. 1 do
hope we shall reject the amendment and pass the
bill, and then we shall see how the House will
dispose of it.
Mr. WALKER moved to strike out the words
" and Wisconsin/' in the seventeenth line.
Mr. W. said: 1 had occasion to speak upon this
subject the other day: and 1 then said that this
was a plan to issue a species of paper money m
Ohio, Illinois, Indiana, Michigan, and Wisconsin.
If it must pass, 1 wish, for one, to relieve Wiscon-
sin from its burdens. I do not object to Virginia
satisfying her own bounty land warrants. I should
be happy to have her citizens come to Wisconsin
to settle, to locate their warrants, and to become
our fellow-citizens. But when it comes to per-
muting them to surrender their land warrants for
scrip at 25 an acre, to be receivable in the pur-
chase of lands in all these States, I wish to relieve
Wisconsin, at least, from that evil. This paper
money for the purchase of the public lands is not
only confined to those States, but the amend'
ment declares them assignable by endorsement be-
fore two witnesses. It will help to carry out the
system of buying up the lands in those States.
This scrip will be in the market below par; and
those who wish to buy the lands, instead ofgiving
money to pay for them, will use this land scrip,
and thus the money will be prevented from going
into the Treasury of the United States.
Mr. MASON. 1 do not wish to enter into ^any
debate upon this amendment. But the amendment
provides for the location of the warrants in the five
States which were originally the territory of Vir-
ginia, Wisconsin being one of them. She ought
not to be excepted, I think.
The amendment to the amendment was rejected.
Mr. WALKER moved to strikeout from the
17th and 18th lines the words, "and shall more-
over be assignable—endorsement attested by two
witnesses,'' and demanded the yeas and nays.
The yeas and nays svere not ordered.
The question being taken upon the amendment
to the amendment, it was rejected.
The question then recurred upon the amend-
ment moved by Mr. Mason, and, being taken,
resulted as follows: y
YEAS—Messrs. Atchison, Badger, Barnwell, Berrien>
Cass, Davis of Mi&sifSipjH, Dawson, Downs, Hunter, flla*
'•on, Morton, Pratt, Seward, Shields, Soul£, Wales, and
Y )w—17.
NAYS—Messrs. Baldwin, Benton, Bright, Chase, Clarke,
Cooper, Davis of Massachusetts Da\tn , Dickinson,
of Wisconsin,, Dorige of Iowa, Ewing, Felch, Greene, Hale,
Jones, Norris, Smith, Spruance, Turney, Underwood,
Walker, Wlutcotnb, and Wmtlirop—-24.
So the amendment was rejected.
Mr. BADGER. I now desire to offer a forma)
amendment, by inserting in the first section, ir*
what is now a part of the bill, the amendment
offered by the Senator from Florida, after the
words u navy of the United Stages," as follows:
" Or, in the event of their death, their widows or minor
children."
Mr. YULEE. Does that follow the same rule
that is applied to the army ?
Mr. BADGER. The amendment does not ak
lude to that at all.
Mr. YULEE. Is it necessary? 1 am under
the impression that the general provision of the
bill would apply to all cases.
Mr. BA.DGER. It is necessary.
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. CHASE. 1 desire to offer an amendment,
which is also merely a formal one—to strike out
the words " hereinbefore provided for," in the
fourth line of the tVrird section, and insert:
" Shall be or to be issued, or any land granted, or to he
granted, under the provision of this act."
This amendment is necessary in order to cor*-
foim to the phraseolo v the bill now stands.
Mr. SHIELDS desired to state that this amend-
ment was now necessary, owing to change m the
phraseology in the bill.
Mr. CHASE. Perhaps a word of explanation
will satisfy every Senator. I have consulted the
chairman of th$ Committee on Indian Affairs, and
particularly the Senator from Illinois, who has
charge of this bill, and we agreed that this amend-
ment was a proper one. The third section has
been so altered as to confine the assignability or
transfer of the land to the issue of the patent; but
it applies in the terms of the bill alone " to the
warrant or certificate hereinbefore provided for."
It is necessary to strike out the words 44 hereinbe^
fore provided for," and insert what I have pro-
posed, in order to conform to the language of the
bill as it now stands.
The amendment was agreed to.
The question recurring on engrossing the bill
for a third reading, it was agreed to.
Mr. TURNEY asked for the third reading now.
The PRESIDENT. The amendments have
not been engrossed.
APPROPRIATIONS FOR LIGHT-HOUSES.
Mr. HAMLIN asked the Senate to take up the
bill making appropriation for light-houses, if that
