2006
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
Sept. 26,
the patrimony we inherited. I call upon Senators,
then, to contemplate the end to which ihey are
rushing, and to point out to me the grant of power
under which they do this, and tell me why, if
they may exercise this power now, it should not
be exercised, and the public funds and property
expended to entertain every other class of our
population.
Mr. DAVIS, of Massachusetts. I have a few
words which I wish to say. In the first place,
we by a general law reserve every sixteenth sec-
tion for purposes of general education. By what
power and authority is that done ? We have been
granting here millions upon millions of acres for
the purpose of promoting the erection and estab-
lishment of railways and canals throughout the
country. Under what authority have we done this ?
We grant to new States lands to establish colleges.
By what authority is that done ? We erant to the
new States, uniformly, not less than 500,000 acres
of land, which we place at the disposal of those
States. Under what authority is that done ? We
granted a township of land to Connecticut many
years ag<^, by an act of Congress, for the benefit
of a deaf and dumb asylum. We granted, within
my own recollection, one township of land for a
like institution in the State of Kentucky.
Some gentleman says it was in 1804. I recol-
lect it very well. 1 think it was somewhat later.
Now, sir, we are asked, under what authority is
all this done? It is done, sir, under the general
power and authority vested in this Government to
dispose of the public domain. If I could distin-
guish between this case and those cases to which
I have referred, there might be some force in the
argument. It seems to me there is no substan-
tial distinction between them. But as this sub-
ject was taken up with the understanding that
there should be no debate, I will not extend my
remarks.
Mr. DAVIS, of Mississippi. The Senator makes
- an argument that because something has been done
heretofore without the authority of the Constitu-
tion, therefore we may do the same—that we have,
for that reason, authority to make similar grants
in similar cases. The other cases which he al-
ludes to stand upon very different grounds. The
school sections in the different States are granted
as a part of that compact which exists between
the United States and the State sovereignties. It
is done upon the same principle as that upon which
we grant them a percentage upon ail the public
land sold in a State. The State forbears to tax the
land owned by the United States for the first five
years after it is sold, tn consideration of this for-
bearance, the United States grants to the State cer-
tain lands for colleges and schools. So far as we
have granted lands for railroads and canals—so far
as I am concerned at least—we have always en-
deavored to £imit the grants to a principle which
would naturally govern any large landholder to
grant a portion of his lands towards improvements
in order to increase the value of that which re-
mains. I have always sought to govern my votes
by that principle. I wilt follow the Senator's ex-
ample not to debate the question.
Mr. FOOTE. I do not rise to discuss the points
which have been debated by the Senators who have
spok'en, but I am sure the Senate will bear with
me while I state one or two facts very briefly in-
deed. In our own State we have been painfully
solicitous upon this subject for some years past;
and some of the influential members of the Legis-
lature, of both political parties, have employed
themselves actively and seriously in behalf of some
Such general scheme as this, and have resolved
upon the establishment of a State institution of this
character. This bill simpiy provides aid for State
institutions; the Federal Government is not to be-
come the distributer of public charity, but will
simply bestow its lands in aid of efforts made by
the States for establishing and maintaining such
institutions as may be required for the unfortunate
class of persons referred to in this bill. The con-
stitutional difficulty has been happily removed to
my satisfaction by what has been said by other
gentlemen; and inasmuch as our own State of Mis-
sissippi has enlisted in the same line of policy 
Mr. DAVIS, (in his seat.) No; not at all.
Mr. FOOTE. At least it so seems to me; and
it is exceedingly plain to me that it is my duty,
as one of the Senators from that State, to vote for
this bill, and to obtain aid in this constitutional
form in behalf of this noble and philanthropic
scheme. It is upon these grounds that I shall
maintain it.
Mr. DAVIS, of Mississippi. The State of
Mississippi has done something towards this species
of institution, and the people of Mississippi have
shown that they are interested in forwarding as
much as they can the establishment of such an in-
stitution; but what they have done they have done
from their own resources. The State of Missis-
sippi is committed to no such policy as this. The
State of Mississippi has expressed no opinion, so
far as I am informed, in favor of the Federal Gov-
ernment taking any such step as is now proposed.
The action of the Legislature of Mississippi was
in behalf of the indigent insane of the State of!
Mississippi. She appropriated money for their '
relief; but how did that affect the question whether
the Federal Government has the constitutional
power? The States are sovereign. The Federal
Government is only the agent of the States, au-
thorized to raise and appropriate money for certain
specific .purposes, and for none other. Let each
State, therefore, take care of its own indigent in-
sane.
Mr. FOOTE. My colleague, then, acknowl-
edges what I state, that our Staie is enlisted in the
general policy of this bill. 1 have not looked into
the piovisions of the bill by which she proposes
to establish an insane asylum, but I understand
we have agreed to tax ourselves pretty heavily for
defraying the expenses of a building m which in-
sane persons are to be provided for, and in sus-
taining the institution after it shall have been built.
Now, the proposition addresses its>elf to me in this
way: Since our people have enlisted themselves
in this policy, shall we allow them to be unne-
cessarily burdened with the support of it? or will
we engage the General Government in a constitu-
j tional form—for about that there is no difficulty
I whatever, in my opinion—to aid us and the other
States of the Union to carry this humane design
into execution ? I do not doubt our constitutional
power to pass this hill.
Mr. CQASE. The honorable Senator from
Mississippi, on the other side of the house, [Mr.
Foote,] says he has not looked into the particu-
lars of this law.
Mr. FOOTE, (interposing.) Allow me to cor-
rect the honorable Senator from Ohio< { said that
1 had not looked into the provisions of this law.
Mr. CHASE The object contemplated by this
bill is one, undoubtedly* which commends itself
to the heart of every humane man; but I have con-
sidered this bill with every disposition to support
a proper provision for this object, after which I
find myself unable to give my support to it as it
now stands. 1 wish to ask the consideration es-
pecially of Senators representing the western States
to some of the particular provisions of this act. It
proposes to appropriate ten millions of acres of
land, to be appropriated under the direction of the
President of the United States, among the States
in a certain ratio. It next provides that this land
so apportioned shall be sold by the States among
which it shall be apportioned; and in the third sec-
tion it provides that, after the' apportionment, pat-
ents shall be issued to the several States among
whom the apportionment shall be made, and the
ands allotted to them respectively; whereupon the
said States shall assume the management and sale
of the lands so apportioned to them.
Now, what is the principle of all this, as re-
spects the States or Territories in which the lands
are to lie? There are to be thiity-one owners of
these lands—each of the thirty-one States of this
Union to be one—so that the management and sale j!
of these lands may be controlled by thirty-one dis-
tinct systems of policy. The titles must be traced
to thirty-one different sources. Now, sir, it does
seem to me, however correct the general policy of
disposing of the public lands may be, it is not ex-
pedient to crease so many proprietors of lands in
any of the several States of the Union. This, sir,
is my radical objection to this bill. I wish to say
to the friends of the measure, that I count myself
as a friend of the measure, too, to effect this oojcct;
but this bill is one which, in my judgment, ought
not to be passed until time has been had for its
full and impartial examination.
Mr. WALKER. Mr. President, I am one of
those alluded to as representing a western State,
and the views presented by the honorable Senator
from Ohio [Mr. Chase] have struck me as very
forcible. This ten millions of land divided be- i
tween the several States, will give fourteen totvn-
ships of land to each State in the Union. This
land must of course be located where there is land.
The bill provides that it shall be located on lands
subject to private entry. It follows that the lands
are not to be located within the State which I In
part represent; but I think the method to be un-
just, whether you apply it to a State or Territory.
These lands, subject to private entry 
Mr. BELL. The Senator is laboring under a
mistake. The lands are such as have been offered
at public auction and have not been sold. . It is in
fact what is called the refuse lands—not ip bodies
either, but either in the States or Territories.
Mr. WALKER. Then it is still more objec-
tionable than I thought it was. What is meant
by refuse lands I do not know, as there is none of
that class in the State where I reside. There may
be lands, however, which, in the estimation of
others, would be refuse lands. Now, then, this
land may be located, it seems, either in the States
or Territories, and there nlay be fourteen town-
' ships of land selected in one State, and fourteen in
another; and so in the State which I represent, and
in others, these grants may cover a great portion
of the best lands in the State, now subject to pri-
vate entry. Now, sir, I do not Relieve that the
people of Wisconsin will be willing to submit to
such an embarrassment as that; that is, they will
submit, they will not nullify, but they will have
most serious objections to such a policy. I be-
lieve that the better policy would be for the Gov-
ernment of the United States to keep the supervis-
ion of the safes of the land itself, and to-aid ihe
States through the'proceeds of the sales.' 1 rose
rather to add my opinion "to that.of the Sfertetor
from New York. 1 believe it might be so arranged
that the States where the land lies would have no
objection to it.
Mr. YULEE. It seems to me that the passage
of this bill would be the most unfortunate and in-
jurious circumstance that could befall the States
and Territories in which the public lands are lo-
cated. I do not think that any act which has been
passed by Congress at this session could be so
destructive to the interests of those States in which
these lands lie as the one which we now have be-
fore us. Let me call the attention of the members
especially who represent those States to the nature
of the policy proposed by the bill now under con-
sideration. In 1826—twenty-four years ago—a
grant of a township of public lands was made to
the Kentucky Deaf and Dumb Asylum, which
was located in Florida. It wais located upon some
of the best lands in the State, and they have been
withheld from settlement from that time until
this—except, perhaps, some few small grants—al-
though twenty-four years have passed.
Mr. FOOTE. Allow me simply to state the
fact, that there is a clause in this bill which re-
quires the immediate sale of these lands at Gov-
ernment prices.
Mr. YULEE. Twenty-four years have passed,
and these lands still remain an incumbrance upon
the State., Kentucky was obliged by the act ap-
propriating them to make sale of these lantls
within five years a/ter the selection had been made.
That five years transpired—another five years,
and five years, and five years, and five years
added from time to time, the term always being
renewed just before it was about to expire; and
such a prolongation never will be refused. In the
mean time the lands remain unsold and unsettled,
being held at a price above what settlers in a new
country are willing or able to give. The pro-
vision to which the Senator from Mississippi has
alluded might just as well not be in the bill at all;
and so of the proviso that the land shall not be
sold at less than Government prices. Indeed, the
two contradict each other, for it may be found im-
possible to find a purchaserat those rates. It may
rather be said that it will be impossible; for it
must be taken into consideration that, by passing
the bounty land bill, we have cut down the price
of public lands indefinitely for a long period to
come. For my part, I hope, if the Senate will
pass this bill, they will exclude the State which I'
represent from having any of the locations made in
it, upon theground that she has already sustained
sufficient injury by the grant to the State of
Kentucky to which I have referred. I move
an amendment, which I trust the friends of the
bill will ggree to, although if i! is adopted I shall
still not vote for the bift, believing that v we have
