012
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
May 6.
the purpose of giving him an opportunity to make ,
an explanation. , , . ,1
Mr. T, then entered into a calculation, to show :
that $30,000 would be required to defray the post- f
aee -on the mailable matter connected with the 1
taking of the census.
Mr. SWEETSER desired to inquire of the
chairman of the Committee on the Judiciary,
whether the documents would not be conveyed to }
the marshals under the frank of the Secretary of J
the Interior? It was his impression that all com- j
municiuions from the Department of the Interior |
would eo free of postage. If that were the case, |
he would ask what object there would be in giving
the franking privilege to the marshals and assist-
ant marshals, unless it were to correspond among;
themselves? He would inquire whether the Sec-
retary of the Interior had not the right to send and
receive all communications free of postage?
-Mr. THOMPSON replied that he was not aware
whether he had the privilege of franking docu-
ments in relation to this subject.
Mr. SWEETSER said, it appeared to him that
if he possessed the franking privilege generally, he
must have that privilege in relation to all the du-
ties which came within the range of his super- !
vision.
Mr. THOMPSON observed that he had un-
doubtedly the privilege of franking, in relation to
ail the duties which pertained to his office at the
time of its creation, hut this, he believed, was one
which had been subsequently added. Mr. T.
then continued, and completed his calculations, to
show that $30,000 would cover the expense of the
transmission of the documents. Having made
this explanation, he withdrew his amendment.
The question was then taken on the amendment
of the gentleman from Ohio, [Mr. Potter,] to
strike out and insert, and it was negatived.
Mr. SWEETSER inquired of the Chairman,
whether it was in order to move to strike out the
whole of the section, the last motion being to strike
out and insert ?
The CHAIRMAN replied that such a motion
would be entertained.
Mr. SWEETSER then moved to strike out the
18th section. This section, he remarked, seemed
to introduce an entirely new principle in relation
to the franking privilege. The authority of frank-
ingwasof no little importance to some of the offi-
cers of this Government, and he was somewhat
surprised to hear the chairman of the Committee
on the Post Office and Post Roads declare that he
was jo favor of having the whole flanking privi-
lege abolished.
The question was then put on striking out, and
the motion was disagreed to.
The 19th section being under consideration, was
read as follows:
Sec. 19. Jlnd be it further enacted, That if in anv of the
ten none* or places where tl«e population is sparse,"the offi-
cers of tho army, or aj y per-on* theieto belonging, can be
usefully omp'oved jn taking tlie ct n~u*, the Secretary of
War is hereby directed to afford such aid. if it can be given
without pnjudice to the public service.
Mr. JACKSON, of New York, moved to add
the following:
And no pert-oii thus appointed bv the .Secretary of War
shall enter upon, or perform, any /f the duties required oi
him under «ueh appointment, until he ?hai! first have taken
and j-uhsenbed the oath oi affirmation in the form and man-
ner requited hi ?< c-oiM ^ etioii of this act, and -hall have
complied with all of the requirement of the said section of
this act ui the same manner that is therein requited of the
marshals.
Mr. MATTESON moved to amend the amend-
ment by adding the following:
" Tin. Officers of the army employed to perform this ser-
vice shall < harge no lee."
The question was put and the amendment to the
amendment was iejected.
The question recurring on the original amend-
ment, it was put, and the amendment was rejected.
Mr. MARSHALL moved to strike out the
whole section.
Mr M. said he was opposed to employing" offi-
ceis of the army upon civil duties, and this whole
section contained no other provision. Although it
might be the opinion of the Secretary of the infe-
rior that he could employ military officers in teiri-
tovies where the population was sparse, to perform
civil duties, he thought it would be setting a bad
precedent He was opposed toaffoidingany facil-
ity or excuse for employing military officers m a
civil capacity. He wanted no territoiy m this
country to be destitute of marshals. No organized
territory was without marshals, and he could see
no good reason for transferring theirduties to mili-
tary men. Oregon and Minnesota both had mar-
shals. What portion of the country was this in-
tended to be applied to?
Mr. CARTTER would inquire of the gentleman
whether a civil organization had been formed and
marshals appointed m New Mexico?
Mr. MARSHALL replied that he supposed
there had not been as yet, but if there were not he
wanted a government instituted and officers regu-
larly appointed, instead of leaving it with the Sec-
retary of the interior to supply officers.
Mr. HA YMOND moved to strike out of section
nineteen, the words " or places where the popula-
tion is sparse," and insert ''where no territorial
government has been organized by act of Con-
gress.
The motion on a division was negatived.
Mr. CONRAD said he desired to ask the chair-
man of the Committee on the Judiciary what par-
ticular duty it was in the contemplation of the com-
mittee to assign to the officers of the army in
i taking the census, and whether it would be fair
! and proper that an individual who h*d entered
i into a contract with the Government to perform
| military service should be detached froth that ser-
{ vice without his own consent?
j Mr. THOMPSON, of Pennsylvania, replied
! that n was thought that this might readily be done
! without any injury to the service, and that in those
' territories in which no civil organization had taken
! place it was almost indispensable that some such
1 arrangement as this should be made. There were
I large tracts of country intervening between the
! settlements that were infested with dangerous tribes
j of Indians, through which it would be unsafe for
individuals to pass without military escort.
! Mr. JACKSON, of New York, moved to strike
! oui in the third line of the 19th section the words,
j " or any petsons thereto belonging."
j Mr. J. said, that he considered this section as
j very defective, and even dangerous in its charac-
: ter. He particularly objected, since the commit-
tee had determined that the persona employed un-
; der the direction of the Secretary of War should
; be subjected to the restraint of an oath, to the em-
! ployment of every person who may happen to
i belong to the army. He desired to restrict the
i, number who might be so employed within as nar-
[I row limits as possible.
j' The motion to amend was decided in the nega-
!j tive.
The question recurring on the motion to strike
out the whole section,
Mr. CARTTER, for the purpose of enabling
him to make some remarks, moved to amend the
i amendment by stnking out the word " officers,"
and inserting the woid " privates." It had been
suggested by the gentleman from Kentucky, [Mr.
t Marshall,] that it was inappropriate employ-
! ment for these military men to be engaged in.
Jt was certainly not disreputable, and he (Mr.
1 C.) was decidedly in favor of employing them in
j this way, with a view of benefiting them by as-
signing to them some practical duty in connection
! with civil life, as well as making them serviceable
, to the country. lie thought that these military
i gentlemen who were receiving salaues from the
j Government during a time of peace, should be
I required to render some kind of service to the
country, and he could not conceive that it was
;■ disieputable for them to do what it was esteemed
; an honor on the part of any other citizen to do.
lc was true, they had not enteied into a contract
to perform any service of this kind, nor did they
|i enter into a contract that they should remain idle
at their posts. He did not apprehend that these
ij mihtaiy gentlemen had so much pride of profes-
j; sion or of position, that they would hesitate, m
j' time of peacc, to render to the country some ser-
vice that came properly within their power, m
l'i that portion of it that was not yet within civil j
i jurisdiction. He agreed with his friend from !■
:; Kentucky, however, that no territory of this Re- ;
' public ought to be in such a condition as to be j!
destitute of the necessary civil officers, to perform j'
i, all the functions of Government. But inasmuch I
as it was veiy probable that there might be some u
temtones without civil organization at the time '[
when these dunes were to be performed, he thought li
it wouid be well enough to provide for the dis* !■
>( chaise of those duties by military officers. ij
The question now being on the motion to strike ij
out the nineteenth section, tellers were ordered,
and Messrs. Hubbard and Schermeriiorn were
appointed to act as such. The tellers reported 59
in the affirmative; and, without counting the nega-
tive vote, the motion was pronounced to be lost.
The twentieth section was then read, as it stood
in the Senate bill, and as it was proposed to be
amended by the Judiciary Committee.
Skc. 20. And he it further en-i trrf, That, a- by Jaw it is
made thedutj of the Secretary of the interior to superintend
the census, he is also hereby required to carry into effect the
provisions of this act, and especially to that end to provide
blanks and distribute the same among the inarpluU, so that
the enumeration may commence on the fir t day of June
next, and he taken with reference to that day in each and
every district and subdivision of districts1; to draw up and
distribute at the same tune printed instruction-, defining and
explaining the duties of such as collect the siaiistit-*, and
the hunts by which such duties are circumscribed, in a clear
and intelligible manner ; to see af-o that ail due diligence is>
employed by the marshals and assistants to make return of
their respective doings completed, at the mncsherem pre-
scribed; and further,"as the returns are so made, toiau-e
the same to be classified and arranged in the hot ami most
convenient manner turtle, and lay the  ame Ih fore Con-
gress at the next session thereof: [Provided, however, That
ail printing, except the blank tables, shall be executed ac-
cording to the fifteenth section of the act approved the
eighteen)!) of May, eighteen hundred and forty-two, and the
Census Board shall have charge of printing said blanks.]
The Judiciary Committee proposed to strike
out the proviso in brackets, and to insert the fol-
lowing, viz:
"Ami to enable him the better to discharge these duties, he
is hereby authorized and required to appoint a .-ontabfe and
competent person, who shall, under his- direction, havc-the
general management of matters appertaining thereto, with
the privilege ot franking and receiving free of charge nit
official documents and letters connected therewith ; and the
said Secretary shall also appoint such clerks and other offi-
cers as may be necessaiy fr in time to time for the efficient
management of said service. And the compensation to he
allowed and paid to the officers connected with the Census
Office shall be as follows: for the Superintendent, two
thou-anri five hun'red dollars per annum, in full for ins
services ; and for other a<si<tants ami clerks the comp« ns i-
tion usually paid for similar services, to he fixed and
allowed by the Secretary of the Interior. The blanks and
preparatory printing for taking the census shall be prepared
and executed under the direction of the Census Board ; the
other punting hereafter to be executed as Congress shall
direct."
Mr. THOMPSON, of Pennsylvania, proposed
to make a verbal amendment, by substituting the
words " superintending clerk'' in place of " super-
intendant."
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. FOWLER moved to amend the proposed
amendment of the Judiciary Committee, by stri-
king out " §2,500," and inserting " §2,000." He
considered twenty-five hundred dollars too large a
salary for the service to be rendered by the super-
intending clerk of the Census Board. The secreta-
ries of our foreign ministers, he believed, received
no more than two thousand dollars per annum,
and he thought the salary of this clerk ought not
to exceed that amount.
Mr. THOMPSON, of Pennsylvania, said he
desired to move an amendment, for the purpose of
enabling him to make an explanation. If the gen-
tleman from Massachusetts would withdraw his
amendment for a moment, it would answer his
purpose, and he would renew it.
Mr. FOWLER assented.
Mr. THOMPSON (resuming) said that he de-
sired to remind the gentleman, that in order to st.t
good officers, you must pay them competent sala-
ries. He believed that the duties of the office of
superintending clerk of the census, were as oner-
ous and important as the dutie* of any of the
heads of bureaus But the officers at the heads of
bureaus receive twenty-five hundied dollars a year,
! and their salaries were permanent; whereas, the
superintending: clerk wouid remain in office but
two years. [Mr. T. read a list of salaries of
heads of bureaus, showing that they ran;;<d ft out
two thousand five hundred to three thousand five
hundred dollars per annum ] The business of the
superintending clcik would be much more burden-
some than that which devolves upon the hemk of
any of the bnieaus. He thought that twenty-five
hundied dollars wjs not too much, and lie hoped
the amendment would not bp agreed to.
Mr. STEVENS, of PennsyIvama, thought that
his colleague, the ehau man of the Committee on
the Jixiiuary, had been too hasty m chansin^ the
phraseology of the section by substituting for the
word " the superintendent," the words M a super-
intending clerk:'' because, if he whs rightly in-
formed, the amount of labor which wouid be re-
quired from this officer would be twice as great as
that which it required of the head of any Uuicuu
