THE CONGEESSIONAL GLOBE
PUBLISHED AT WASHINGTON, BY JOHN C. RIVES.—TERMS $3 FOR THIS SESSION.
31st Congress, 1st Session.
WEDNESDAY, MAY 8, 1850.
New Series No. 58.
now existing, or of any officer under the Govern-
ment, including the Register of the Treasury. The
difficulty of preparing all the necessary papers, and
sending them out to the different marshals through-
out the country, would be such, and all to be done
before the next meeting of Congress, that he had
great doubts whether there would be time for him,
with all the aid which could be allowed him under
the Taw, to perform all the duties. The allowance
set down for this officer in the bill as it originally
stood-was $3,000, which sum, much against his
wish, was cut down to $2,500. If we expect to
get a competent man, we must give him as much
as we give to an Assistant Postmaster General, or
any head of a bureau; and $3,000 is the lowest
amount assigned to any head of a bureau. He
hoped, theiefore, that the committee would not
adopt the amendment of the gentleman from Mas-
sachusetts, and would keep in the $2,500 as re-
commended by the committee. He had intended
to propose an amendment to strike out $2,500 and
insert $3,000, but he was willing to yield his wishes
and to take $2,500 as the compensation of this
officer.
Mr. CARTTER interposed an inquiry whether
•the clerks have a discretionary power to perform
any duty of a general character; or whether there
was anything more involved in relation to these
statistics than merely the performance of a clerical
duty; that any clerk in any counting-house could
perform ?
Mr. STEVENS, of Pennsylvania, replied that
the labor of making out the abstracts for the print-
er, and the other duties devolving on this officer,
required twice the amount of labor which was per-
formed by any head of bureau.
Mr. FOWLER expressed himself still in favor
of his amendment, after all which had been urged
against it.
The question was then put on the amendment
proposed by Mr. Fowler, and it was rejected.
Mr. MATTESON moved to amend the twen-
tieth section by striking out, and inserting words
he designated, so as to read— -
" JJnd he it further enacted, That the Secretary of the In-
terior h hereby required fo eariv into effect the provisions
of this act, and to provide blanks," Sec.
The words which he proposed to strike out,
were mere surplusage, and he trusted that his
amendment would be agreed to.
The motion to amend was then decided in the
affirmative.
Mr. BOWLIN moved to amend by inserting a
proviso, as follows:
Provided. That no subordinate clerk shall receive a sala-
ry of $1,200.
Mr. B. was opposed to this unlimited discretion
conferred on the Secretary of the Interior, which
he might exercise in giving to every clerk the same
amount of compensation which we have prescribed
for the superintending clerk. We give him the
privilege of doing this, and we give him a rule for
his adoption by inserting $2,500, as a salary for
the s 'perintending cleric. He desired to affix
some limit to this privilege, and he therefore pro-
posed to restrict the compensation of the subordi-
nate clerks, so that it should in no case exceed
01,200.
Mr. FOWLER said he agreed generally with
the remarks made by the gentleman from Mis-
souri, but he thought that the limitation should
not be quite so low. He therefore moved to
amend the amendment of the gentleman from
Missouri, by striking out (t twelve" and inserting
" fifteen," so as to make it read $1,500.
Mr. THOMPSON, of Pennsylvania, suggested
to the gentleman from Massachusetts that he had
erred on the side of liberality in his motion.
There were no subordinate clerks whose salaries
amounted to $1,500. He suggested that clerks
might be obtained, as they were in the preparation
of the last census, at a lower rate than even §1,200,
who might be perfectly competent to perform the
duties similar to those which were then required
and performed. On that census some received as
low a salary as $600.
'58
Mr. BOWLIN then modified his amendment so
as to make it read $1000.
After a few words from Mr. THOMPSON, of
Pennsylvania, the question was taken on the
motion of Mr. Fowler, to strike out $1,000 and
insert $1,500, and decided in the negative.
Mr. STEVENS, of Pennsylvania, moved to
strike out $1,000 and insert $1,300. lie thought
that all these amendments were wrong. He was
sorry that his colleague [Mr. Thompson] had
made a suggestion which led to this motion to re-
duce the limitation to $1,000. He thought that it
would be right to leave the Secretary at liberty to
aet on his own discretion. If it were (eft to him,
he might find proper persons at rates of compen-
sation, some perhaps a little higher and some a
little lower than the sum designated. He saw no
good cause for the establishing of" this limit. ' He
hoped the motion of the gentleman from Missouri
would be voted down. He then withdrew his
amendment.
The motion of Mr. Bowlin to amend the sec-
tion was then decided in the affirmative.
The 20th section, as amended, was then agreed
to.
The 21st section being under consideration, the
question was taken on the amendment reported by
the Committee on the Judiciary, striking out the
section, and was decided in the affirmative. The
section was as follows:
[Sec. 21. Jlnd be it further enacted, That in order to give
dispatch to fou^jne^s, the said Secretary shall be authorized
to contract with the lowest bidder, for tlte necessary pre-
paratory punting by ten days notice, instead of the lime now
required by law; and, further, to employ in preparation for
taking the statiiftics, and also m claims.', and arranging for
the pre s the returns, when made, so many additional clerks,
artd of such giade as may be necessary, allowing to each a
fixed compensation according: to the srude and value of his
services, but in no case exceeding the usual rate for similar
services.J
The 22d section was considered and agreed to,
as follows:
Sec. 22. Jlnd he it further enacfed, That, for the purpose
of carrying into effect tins act, and defraying the prelimi-
nary e^pen<es, then* is hereby appropriated out of any
money in the Treasury not othenvi>e appropriated, one
hundred and fifty thousand dollars, out of which the said
Secretary of the Interior inav allow to the person employed
a-* Secretary of the Cen^u- Boaid, a compensation after the
rate of three thousand dollais per annum during the period
he has been in their employ.
The question was then taken on the proposition
of the Judiciary Committee to strike from the bill
the 23d section, (as below,) and it was agreed to;
viz:
[Sec. 23. */lnd be it further enacted, That whenever a mar-
shal shall ceitify that an assistant has completed to his sat-
isfaction, and made return of the subdivision confided to
him, and shall also certify the amount of compensation to
which, under the provisions of this act, Mich assistant is en-
titled, designating how much for each kind of service, the
Secretary ot the Interior shall thereupon cau>e one half of
the sum so due to be paid to such assistant and when the
returns have been catcfully examined for classification, if
found GAeeuttd in a manner satisfactory then he shall also
cause the other half to be paid. And lie shall make pay-
ments in the maimer and upon like conditions to the seveial
marshals for their semees.J
The 24th section, embracing the difleient sched-
ules, was then taken up for consideration.
Some conversation took place as to the most
convenient mode of considering the various sched-
ules, and it was finally agreed to take them up and
vote separately on each.
The question was then taken on agreeing to
schedule one, and it was decided in the affirmative.
The second schedule being under consideration.
Mr. BUTLER, of Pennsylvania, desired to be
informed in what respect this schedule had been
amended from the Senate bill.
The CHAIR informed the gentleman from Penn-
sylvania, that it contained too additional items of
inquiry, ''fugitives from the State" and number
manumitted, and this was all the change which
had been made.
The question was then taken on schedule two,
as amended by the Committee on the Judiciary,
and was decided in the affirmative.
The third schedule being under consideration, *
Mr. STANTON, of Kentucky, moved to amend
the schedule after lines thiity-seven and thirty-
eight (which relate to water-rotted hemp and dew-
rotted hemp) by introducing an additional column,
with the heading " or other hemp." The table as
it now stood, distinguished only between two
qualities of hemp, the dew-rotted and the water-
rotted, as though these were the only kinds of
hemp v/hich were raised. But there was another
kind of hemp made out of the straw, which was
neither dew-rotted nor water-rotted. He wished,
therefore, to introduce another column, with the
heading u or other hemp." There*was also an-
other kind of hemp on the Ohio.
Mr. CROWELL. Can this change in the
schedule be made without making it necessary
that a new description of paper shall be obtained ?
Mr. STANTON said he supposed it could.
Mr. CROWELLsaid that he had been informed,
from what he considered sufficient authority, that
it c@uld not.
Mr. STEVENS, of Pennsylvania, stated that
he had understood some seven hundred thousand
of these tables had already been printed for deliv-
ery to the marshals.
Mr. STANTON replied, that if such was the
fact, all efforts to amend the schedules must be
unavailing, and the committee might as well take
the whole of the schedules at once, just as they
were in the bill.
Mr. THOMPSON, of Pennsylvania, stated that
the change as contemplated by the proposed
amendment could not be made without much ad-
ditional labor and expense.
The question was then taken on the motion of
Mr. Stanton to amend, and it was decided in the
negative.
Mr. STANTON then moved to amend the
thirty eighth column, by inserting after the words
"water-rotted," the words, <cor other hemp."
This could be done without the addition of an
extra column.
Mr. BOWLIN made a suggestion; after which,
Mr. STANTON moved the insertion of the
proposed words in the thirty-seventh column, after
the words, t{ dew-rotted."
Mr. HOUSTON suggested to the gentleman
who proposed this amendment, that its adoption
might lead to some confusion in the returns, as
regards the quantities of the different varieties of
hemp raised.
Mr. STANTON replied in the negative.
Mr, STEVENS, of Pennsylvania, moved to
strike out the words " dew-rotted." He thought
there could no occasion to say, " dew-rotted, or
other hemp." It would, in his judgment, be
quite sufficient to make one column to show how
much water-rotted hemp was produced, and an-
other to show how much of all other kinds. If
this was not the object of the mover of the
amendment, he did not understand what it was;
and if this was his object, it would be just as well
obtained by striking out the words " dew-rot-
ted.'' Without these minute and specific designa-
tions, the Secretary would in his instructions to
the marshals, prescribe the details which might be
omitted in the bill. He reminded the committee
that it had been proposed before this bill was intro-
duced, to confine the questions in these schedules
to one hundred.
Mr. VENABLE, (Mr. Stevens yielding the
floor ) Did I understand the gentleman to say
that the Secretary of the interior had ordered all
these tables to be printed, and that we have noth-
ing left us but to vote up to it ?
Mr. STEVENS, (resuming.) Yes; and the
law required him to do so. He (Mr. S.) regarded
the present proceeding as legislating the second
time on this matter. Already, under the authority
of the law of last session, severuhundred thousand
tables had been printed, it had never heretofore
been the practice of Congress to legislate on the
same subject a second time. He deprecated any
amendments which would destroy the present tab-
ular arrangement. Pie thought whatever changes
the House may deem necessary, might be more
conveniently made through instructions issued by
the Secretary than by altering the tables. He
withdrew his amendment.
