914
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
May 6,
The question was then taken on the motion of
Mr. Stanton to amend, and it was decided in the
negative.
Mr. STANLY moved to insert in this schedule
columns for " fish, shingles, staves, turpentine,
tar, rosin, sawed lumber," &c.
Mr. STANLY said it was very important, not
only to the section from which he came, but to
the whole of eastern North Carolina, that the in-
formation which he proposed should be obtained.
There was as much necessity for it as for the in-
formation respecting hemp; there was not a Yan-
kee vessel that sailed which used the American
hemp which did not require the tar of North Caro-
lina in the bottom. The little town in which he
resided had manufactured for several years more
than $100,000 annually of this article of turpen-
tine. They got no credit for it under this bill,
but their whmle State was represented by gentle-
men as a sand barren. The tar, rosin, turpentine,
raised by them went to New York in lar^e quan-
tities, and thence all over the face of the globe.
The turpentine of North Carolina was an ingredient
in the paint which was now upon the Capitol and
the President's House; and the younger members
of this House must acknowledge the usefulness of
rosin applied to the violin strings, whose anima-
ting and cheering influence they often acknowl-
edged while gliding through the mazes of the
dance.
Mr. MORSE moved to stiike out " rosin," and
insert" moss."
He said the production of moss was becoming
exceedingly valuable in Louisiana, arid if it were
considered of any great importance or benefit to
any section of the country that all the articles of
commerce and exportation produced and manufac-
tured in it should be stated, this product of moss
should not be omitted.
But he did not think it of any great importance,
and he had only introduced the amendment for
the purpose of making a solitaiy remark, if it
were the intention of Congress to descend into
such minutiae, they had better at oiv-e make the
general provision that all the products of every
county, town, and plantation, should be returned.
He withdrew his amendment.
Mr. STANLY temporarily withdrew his amend-
ment at the request of
Mr. THOMPSON, of Pennsylvania, who re-
newed it for the purpose of briefly explaining.
He said, if provision were not elsewhere made in
these schedules for returns of that information
aimed at by the gentleman from North Carolina
in his amendment, he should unite with the gen-
tleman in support of his motion. But if the gen-
tleman would turn over to the next schedule—
I'The Products of Industry"—he would see that
in all cases where this production of tar, turpen-
tine, rosin, &c., amounted in any one establish-
ment to more than §500, the name of the proprie-
tor, the amount produced, &c , &c., would he
given, just as the same statistics would be in ref-
erence to cotton manufactories, grist-mills, saw-
mills, &c.
Mr. STANLY again withdrew his amendment
at the request of
Mr. HOUSTON, who renewed it, and said he
thought the amendment of the gentleman from
North Carolina should be adopted. The amount '
of lumber annually expoited from the southern •
and middle S'aies was very considerable. !
Mr. THOMPSON, of Pennsylvania, repeated j
the explanation that all the material facts would
be Kiven with reference to lumber, tar, &c., where '
the amount of production exceeded $500. !
Air. STANLY said he thought not. The next |
schfdule related to the products of industry; and !
he thought would not include these facts.' He j
would like to see returns of them in separate |
column-®. i
iVIr. HOUSTON (continuing) proceeded to refer j
also to the very considerable amounts of shingles, I
staves, &c } produced in the South and other sec- ;
tions of'he country; which, though m many cases :
thev might not aramint m a single establishment to
$500, yet in the aggregate were of great import- J
anee, and should be ascertained and returned. He f
should, therefore, when in order, move to reduce !•'
the limitation from $5U0 to §100.
Mr. STEVENS, of Pennsylvania, said it was '
no doubt, of very great importance that these re- l|
turns should be made; but, as had been said by |;
ma colleague, [Mr. Thompson,] they would be j[
included in the next schedule; and he suggested
to gentlemen, that the proper place to move their
amendments for this purpose was to the next
schedule; and that they would accomplish their
object, by reducing the limitation or the amount
of productions in any one establishment, from
$500 to whatever sum they saw fit, whether $JOO,
|50, or $10.
The amendment of Mr. Stanly was rejected.
Mr. MASON moved that the committee rise
and report the bill to the House.
The CHAIR said that the motion was not in
order, as there was an amendment pending.
Mr. HOUSTON made some remarks not dis-
tinctly heard.
Mr.VENABLE made a motion that the commit-
tee rise,which was disagreed to—ayes 45, noes 82.
Mr. STEPHENS, of Georgia, said he had un-
derstood the gentleman from Pennsylvania [Mr.
Stevens] to say, ttiat these schedules had been
already printed.
Mr. STEVENS, of Pennsylvania, said some
700,000 pages had been printed under the order of
the Census Board, in virtue of the power given
them by the act of last session.
Mr. STEPHENS, of Georgia, moved to amend
the schedule by inserting after the word "hay"
the words " or fodder."
The question was put, and the amendment was
rejected.
Schedule IV, being now under consideration,
Mr. FITCH moved to add to the objects four,
five and six, being the " quantities, kinds, and
values of raw materials used, including fuel," the
words " ingredients and their proportion of patent
or secret medicine."
Mr. F. said the bill contemplated the ascertain-
ing the raw materials used for manufactuiing pur-
poses. He proposed to embrace under these inqui-
ries the ingredients, and their proportions used in
the manufacture of patent medicines. He desired to
have laid before the public, how much brick-dust,
aloes, (fee., they swallowed in the form of pills,
how much molasses, and tar-water, in the form of
cough-drops, how much sugar in the form of Sar-
sapanlla, &c.
The question was taken, and the amendment
was rejected.
Mr. HOUSTON moved to strike out $500, and
insert $100 m column No. 1, of schedule four, in
the following words, viz: " name of corporation,
company, or individual, producing articles to the
annual value of §,500 "
The question was put, and the amendment re-
jected.
Mr. BOWDON moved that the committee now
rise; and the question being put, it was disagreed
to—ayes 48, noes 72.
Mr. SACKETT made some remark not dis-
tinctly heard.
Mr. DUNE3AM moved to strike from schedule
five the following items of inquiry, viz: All the
headings for statistics in relation to " churches,
colleges, schools, public libraries, newspapers, and
periodicals.,5
Mr. DUNHAM said he had listened with a
great d<m} of attention to the arguments pro and
con in reference to the constitutional power of
Congress to collect these various statistics. He
had no doubt as to the power of Congress to ob-
tam all the information relative to the commerce
of the country, and whatever was necessary to
enable them to legislate intelligently in reference
thereto. But he had not yet heard a single ar-
gument which justified the taking these^sociai
statistics. He thought, therefore, the&e inquiries
ought to be stricken out. It wag competent for
them to collect all statistics which might be valuable
and useful to them as legislators, but when they
went further and proposed to take those which
had no possible beating upon the commerce or the
legislation of the country, it was, in his opinion
going too far. '
Mr. CARfTER moved to amend the amend-
ment, so as to except from its operation ail save the
statistic^ in relation to " churches."
The question was severally taken on the pro- '
posed amendments, and they were reiectcd. !
Mr STANTON, of Kentucky, moved to insert 1
in schedule five additional columns, viz: "The 1
number of Odd Fellows, Fiee Masons, and Tem- !
perance men.'5 1
^DUNHAM moved also to insert " and the
Mr. STANTON accepted the amendment as a
modification ofhis.
The question was then put, and the amendment
was disagreed to.
Mr. McMULLEN moved that the committee
rise.
The motion was disagreed to.
Mr. DUNHAM moved to strike out the sixth
schedule, calling for the statistics of persons who
died in the year 1849.
The motion wns negatived.
Mr. McMULLEN renewed his motion that the
committee rise.
Mr. VINTON clamed the floor, and it was as-
signed to him.
Mr. V. said he had given notice the other day?
that he should offer two amendments to this bill.
The CHAIRMAN staled, that before the
amendments of the gentleman would be in-order,
it would be necessary to vote upon the substitu-
tion of the tables reported by the Judiciary Com-
mittee, in the place of the tables adopted by the
Senate.
The question being put, the tables reported by
the committee were adopted.
Mr. VINTON (resuming} sa'd he had given
notice the other day, that he should move two
amendments to this bill. He would send them to
the Chair, that they might he read. One was to
provide for the taking of the census in the future,
and the other was to provide for the organization
of that House, founded upon such census.
Mr.V.'S propositions were read for information,
as follows: #
Be it enacted, That this act shall continue in force
until altered or repealed ;. and if no other law be pa-sed pro-
viding lor the inking of any subs< quent census ol the United
States, on or before the first day of January or'anv jear
when, l>y the Cons nation of the United States-, au\ "luiure
enumeration of the inhabitants thereof i> required to he
taken, such census shall, in all tilings, be taken and com-
pleted according to the provisions or this a< t.
jivd be it further enacted, Th.it from and after the third
day of March, one thousand eight bundled mid filu-tbree,
the House of Representative* shall he eouipo-ed of two
hundred members, to he apportioned among the seveiai
Stales m the manner directed in the next section of this
act
Be U further enacted, ThUwhen the Department of the
Interiors-hall have apportioned the Rep-esentiuves in the
manner above directed among ihe sever.il c*tate«, under the
next or any succeeding enumeration of the mhalnunts of
the United Slates, lie shall,as soon as practicable, make on?
mid transmit, under the seal of Ins oftu-e, to the H.-u-e of
Representatives, a certificate of the number of m«-ml>ers ap-
portioned to each State under the then last eiiiuneraiion;
and ^>all likewise make out and transmit without delay to
the Executive of each Siate a certificate under his seal of
office of the number of members apportioned to each State
under such last enumeration.
Jindheit further enacted. That so soon h< the next and
eaeli subsequent enumeration of the inhabitants of ti,e sev-
eral States, directed by the Constitution ol the United States
to be taken, shall be completed and returmd to the office of
the Department of the Interior, it shall be the duty of the
Secretary of the Interior to a-certain the aggregate repre-
sentative population of the United States by adding to the
whole number of free persons m ail the State-, including
those bound to service for a term of ve «rs, and exciudin'
Indians not Caved, three-fifths of all oi er person-; which
aggregate population he shall divide bv the number two
hundred, and the product of such division, rejecting any
friction of an unit, if any sut b happen to remain, <-hail be
the ratioor rul of apportionment of representative-* anions
the several grates under such enumeration; and the -aid
Secretory or the Department of the intejior-hall then pto-
reed in the miiic manner to ascertain tin r  preventative
population of ea«-h State, and to divide th>- whole number
of the representative population of each Mate, bv the mho
, aired y d<-u runm-d by hnn as above dir  t ied, and ihe pio-
i di3<-t of thi- la-t division shfll be the nu nher of l\epr *-enta-
, lives apportioned to -ueh State under the then last enwmer-
] anon: Prowled. 1 hat the lo-w m the number oi members
: caused t>\ the fra< tions r< mainm^ in the vera! States on
j the division of the population thereof.-hall he eompen-ateci
i for by assigning to manv States having the large-t frac-
i lion* one additional member each for Us fraction, a> may
' be necessary to make tin- whole number of R.-pre-emaiives
I two hundred: Jind provided also, That if, after the , ppur-
| tionment of she Repiesentanves, niuh r the to xi or an\ -ub-
| sequent een-n-, a new State or Stahs -hall he ad,mired
, into the Union, the Hi pre-« iitnuve ur K> pn <•« ntanves
aligned to -ueh new Slate oj * -|MII h.- n. addition
to Ihe number of Kepre-enT mve*. Ilium aho\e Inniltd*
whichever (,t R pie-enl.iti\^ over mo himdied r-haJi
: onlv continue until ihe new -iieeeedu.g apporitoninent of
Repre-enfanve-i under the next suceeeding < onsih,
IVIr. V. said that, at the instance of several gen-
tlemen around him who were desirous that the
question on the amendment should be deferred
until to-moiiow mornmsj, he would sutrafst that
if it were the general wish ho wunid n'-sinm from
making any remarks at ihia time, and move that
the committee rise.
The-coinmittee rose, and its chairman reported
progress.
Mr. JOHNSON", of Arkansas, by unanimous
