2U08
"the congressional globe.
Sept. 20,
of fhall be paid over to the seyeral States to which the same
shall have been'apporuone.i: Prowled, Tnat patents simil
be issued l<> any  tatb for any jiorti ■ ti of tiie lands so ap-
portioned winch may he within llle limits of the same."
The bill as it now stands apportions the lands
to the States, and provides that patents shall be
issued to each State for the lands which are ap-
portioned to it. It is making thirty-one different
States proprietors of lands in each_of the'Siates in
winch the lands lie.
Mr. PEARCE. I have no objection to the
amendment. Upon reflection, I see no objection
to it®
Mr. WHITCOMB. I do not rise to make a
speech., I am glad the amendment is offered, be-
cause it is essential, I think, to the object of this
bill. This distribution has been passed upon by
the counsellors of this nation for years past; and I
call upon all gentlemen that have given evidence
of their attachment to that principle to sh.iw it
now. It is just the same thing—distributing the
proceeds of'the public lands among the different
States. That was the effect of it before. But
this unngasks the last shallow and flimsy pretence,
and shows it in its naked deformity. The matter i
is understood. do not wish it disguised. I only
■want that it should be seen undisguised, and then
we shall vote against it.
Mr. DAWSON. I do not intend to make a
speech. It is said that this is the distribution of
the lands. If it be a distribution, it is to all the
States. I know the State of Indiana has received
her share in the distribution heretofore. In the
same position in which the old States ate the new
States will be hereafter.
Mr FOOTE. I simply rise to state, and I hope
my friends will have paiience for a moment as
they have thought proper to move to incorporate
this amendment in the bill, that I cannot consent
to it. I state, distinctly and frankly, that I think
this amendment will alter entirely the character of
the bill. I cannot vote that the proceeds of the
public lands be divided among the States. I differ
from tne honorable Senator from Indiana, [Mr.
Whitcomb,] who says that the true character of
the bill is not altered by the amendment. 1 think
it is entirely altered. After the remarks he has
made, 1 am sure the bill will be understood as one
to some extent distributing the proceeds of the pub-
lic lands. 1 give notice then, beforehand, that, al-
though I take a deep interest in the bill, I shall be
compelled to vote against it, if the amendment i3
adopted.
The question being taken, the amendment was
rejected.
Mr. BENTON. I now move to strike out the
third section. That thud section is to authorize
any thirty States that please'to go and take pos-
session of any other State they choose, and be-
come the lords and masters of that State. The
third section is:
« Sec. 3. Jlnd he it further enacted, That, whenever the
apportionment ot said lands shall he completed, patents
Rhall be issued to the several Stales for the portions which
thai! be allotted to them respectively ; and thereupon the
said States shall assume the management and sale of the
lands thus apportioned to thetn."
Now, sir, this thing of issuing patents to a State
to hold lands in another State is a new thing. And
when thirty States, besides itself, hold its lands, I
suppose it would be like the nine men starving m
a ship at sea, consisting of eight Englishmen and
one Dutchman. When the question was to starve
or to eat one another, lots were ca3t, and ofc.ourse it
fell upon the Dutchman. When he was stretched
out, and the knife was ready to be put to him, he
begged to be allowed the first slice off of himself.
[Laughter.] That is the case here. I suppose
the thirty-first State can beg to take a piece out
of herself before the rest devour it.
1 was not unfriendly to the object of this bill in
the beginning; but when I see it taken up at such
a day as this is, and at such an hour as this is, to
the exclusion of the business of California, where
the people are now fighting each other and killing
each other now, when there is no time for con-
sideration, I put myself in opposition to it. The
opposition may amount to nothing; butatall events
one vote for it would be worth moretoitthana vote
against it. There is no time to consider it. What
can we expect of a bill sprung upon us at this
period of the session? What is the limitation to
prevent the whole of these lands being taken in one
State? It is referred to the President—is it > Show
me the part of it in which it is referred to the
President. I did not expect that any one would !
be serious in- taking up such a bill.
Mr. PEARCE, (interposing.) If the Senator
will give way a moment, I will say that I am satis-
fied, from the debate of the day, that the bill can-
not be passed to-day. I will move to postpone it
until the next session—the second Monday in De-
cember next.
The motion was agreed to upon division—ayes
27, noes not counted.
INDIAN APPROPRIATION BILL.
Mr. PEAR.CE asked the Senate to proceed to
the consideration of the bill making appropriation
for the Indian Department, which had been laid
upon the table this morning.
Mr. GWIN. I beg leave to make a motion to
make the California bills the special order for this
evening, instead of executive business.
The PRESIDENT. The resolution is imper-
ative.
The motion of Mr. Pearce was agreed to; and
The Senate resumed the consideration of the bill
making appropriation for the current and contin- ^
gent expenses of the Indian Department, and to en-v
aide the President of the United States to conclude
treaties with various Indian tribes for the year end-
ing Juae 311, 1851.
. Mr. WALES offered the following amendment,
to come in after the 503d line:
" For payment to the Seneca Indians of New York of the
amount dae to them accoiding to the report of the special
commissioner appointed hv the authority of Congress, In
1846, to investigate their chum, and in conformitv with the
report of the Committee on Indian Affairs ot the Senat- on
the snrnfi subject at this session ot Congress, (int ludicy
,y2,578 7-2 due to Mrs. Jamison, deceased, which is to he
paid to her proper representatives according to the customs
of the Seneca Indians,) the sum ol $38,406 04.
Mr., W. said: If the Senate will indulge me for
a few moments, I will explain this matter. Tfie
amendment proposed was favorably reported on
by the Committee on Indian Affairs at this ses-
sion, but has not been acted on. The history of
it is this 
Mr. RUSK. There will be no objection, I pre-
sume, to it.
Mr. WALES. If there is no objection, I will
waive the explanation.
Mr. PEARCE. This appropriation was before
the Committee on Finance,' and was rejected by
us for this reason: There was an Indian agent
appointed by the Government of the United States
for this tribe. These Indians thought proper to
make him their agent for the management of cer-
tain funds of their own, other than those which
they derived from the United States There was
a fund payable to them by the State of New York,
being an annuity fund upon the proceeds of the sale
of certain lands of private individuals which had
been invested so as to produce that annual income.
This fund, together with some other funds, was
intrusted to this agent. He was not an agent of
the Government for that purpose, but hems an
agent of the Government for other purposes, he
paid them the moneys due from the United States.
They made him the agent of their private funds,
or leftit in his hands, and he beeamtia defaulter to
them, and not only wasted the funds due to the
tribe, but a portion due to Polly Jamison, her in-
dividual property; and because the agent of the
United States was faithless m the application of
the sums transmitted to him as the agent of the
tribe, the United States are called upon to make
good the money which he wasted, amountng to
something like $30,000. The committee did not
think that because he was the agent of the United
States Government they should be liable for the
funds thus wasted, and which the Indians volun-
tarily placed in his hands without any action on
the part of the Government.
Mr. WALES. After what has fallen from the
Senator from Maryland, it is necessary that I
should say the few words that I intended to say
when I offered the amendment. The action of
the Senate settled this question some time since.
This question has been before this* body for many
years past. The money was lost through the de-
falcation of the agent appointed by the United
States, and the history of the transaction is briefly
this:
In 1846 an application was made to the Congress
of the United States to pay these demands. The
Senate recognized the validity of the demands in
the appropriation bill of that session by an allow-
ance of the sum demanded. It went to the House
and was sent back without their concurrence. A
committee of conference was then appointed be-
tween the two Houses, and this committee of con-
ference recommended the provision to be made
that the Secretary of War should be authorized to
make an investigation into these accounts, in order
to ascertain the facts and justice of the claim. It
was provided that he should be authorized to ap-
point a commissioner to take the evidence in re-
gard to it. A commissioner was accordingly ap-
pointed, who went to the State of New York, and
there made the examination, and obtained a great
body of evidence, which is reported among the
documents of the Senate. That report was made
to the Senate at its succeeding session. The com-
missioner then appointed Mr. Stoddard, who very
carefully and laboriously investigated this claim,
and made a detailed report, specifying the sum for
which hethoughtthe United States were liable, giv-
ing all the items of the account. Every one of these
items is supported by a large amount of evidence,
which has been reported to the Senate. I will read
the report of the United States commissioner con-
taining these items:
Statement of the claim of the Seneca Indians of New Tort
for moneys lost by them through- the United States sub-
agent.
1st. Principal of iheir Phelps and Gorham annuity
fund  §7,143 00
2d. The annuity produced thereby, viz: §500
from 1837 to 1860, inclusive  7,500 OQ
3d. The income ot their United S>ates stock
held in tru-r by the Ontario i.ank of New
York for 1837, 1838, and 1839, viz^|2 5S3
per annum  $7,749 00
Interf >t on same to rl e SOih Septem-
ber, lfcoO, at 6 per cent  5,462 85
4th. Annuity of $500 from State of New York
for 1637 .in i Iftid  $1,000 00
Interest on ^aine to 30ih Septem-
ber, 1850, at 6 percent  735 00
5th. Amount of deposit made by chiels m
Buffalo bank, and drawn ther^irom by agent,
le^s &137 50 distributed to heads o"l fami-
lies    $3,482 50
Interest thereon to 30th September,
1850, at6 per cent -  2,454 97
13,211
1,735 00
— 5,937 47
6iii. Deposit made with agent by Folly Jami-
son    $1,631 00
Tillered thereon to 30th September,
1850, at 6 per cent  1,247 72
2,87^ 72
$38,408 04
fntprest calculated at one per cent, less than the New
York rate, and not charged at all npon the annuity coming
to the Indians from the JPhelps and Gorhaiu furni.
Principal     $28*505 50
Interest      9,900 54
§38.406 04
Now, sir, in regard to all these items, the evi-
dence is clear that the money went into the hands
of this bmted Slates agent by virtue of authority
vested in him by the United States. In conse-
quence of the character which this asrent there held
under the laws and treaties ot the United States,
he was made guardian and controller not only ©f
the interest of the money coming to these Seneca
Indians, but, as agent of the Government of the
United States, to receive and take care of their
funds. By virtue of that character atone, as attor-
ney and agent oflhe United States, he received this
money, but withheld it, and never paid it over to
them.
Now, sir, there is no principle better established
than this: that the Government is liable for the
acts of its agents, when performed in transacting
us business. This agent failed to pay over these
moneys. He was not, as the Senator from Mary-
land supposes, only the agent of the Government,
but their own appointed agent. They intrusted
these moneys to htm, not from any confidence
they had in him as an individual, but supposing
that he was an aeent put there by the Govern-
ment of the United States, who professed to pro-
tect their interest. Therefore they considered him
as entitled to transact their business. He received
their annuities and dividends from the bank, and
they did not attempt at any time to interfere with
this agent of the United States in the transaction
of these various kinds of business.
Now, iaut fair, with regard to this unprotected
tribe of Indians, that we should send out to them
an agent of ours, and say, Here is an agent for
the special protection of your interests, and when,
by virtue of that agency and that appointment, he
has exercised his authority* that we should screen
