1850.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
915
consent, introduced a resolution, which was read
and adopted, as follows, viz;
Resoh-ed, That the Committee on Indian Affairs be in-
structed to inquire into'the facts connected with a eon-
tract made by the Indian Department with Henry M. Rice,
for the removal of those Winnebago Indians now m the
States of Wisconsin and Iowa, to their own lands in Min-
nesota territory, and what steps, if any, should be taken to
annual said contract.
Mr. STRONG- moved that the two reports of
the Committee on Elections in relation to the
Delegates from New Mexico and Deseret be made
the special order for the 15th of this month, and
so continue uritil disposed of.
Objection was made; when
Mr. STRONG moved to suspend the rules for
the purpose. Pending which 
On motion, the House adjourned.
PETITIONS, &c.
The following petitions, memorials, &c., were
presented under the rule, and referred to the ap-
propriate committees:
By Mr. CABLE, of Ohio r "The people's petition for
cheap postageMgned by Doctor John McCoak and 88
other citizen* of New Lisbon, Ohio.
Bv Mi'. SOUENCK: The petition of 1st Lieutenant'W.
T. Sherman, United States Army, for increased pay while
feervtiia as Assistant Adjutant General in the Pacific military
division tn California.
By Mr. LITTLEFIELD: The petition of James Flint
and others, citizens of Bndgton, Maine, a?am t the ad-
mission of any more slave States into the Union, in favor
of a law granting atrial bv jury to alleged fugitive slaves,
and for the lepeal of all laws sanctioning slavery in the
Di-trict of Columbia.
By Mr. FOWLER: The petition of Samuel Cushman
and 123 other cit z^ns of Attiehoro, Massachusetts, praying
that no State may be admitted into the Union unless slavery
is prohibued in its constitution.
By Mr. MEAOHAM * The petition of Hon. P. Hunting-
ton and other citizens of Viraintus. Vermont, asking the
fiee passage, in vessels of the United States navy, for dele-
gat e  to a Peace Congress, to be ho den m the city of Prank-
fort, Germanv, in August next.
By Mr. BOOTH : The petition of 76 gentlemen cornpo-
bing the freshman class m Vale College, in the State ot Con-
necticut, praving for the reduction ot postage to two cents
on all prepaid letters of half an ounce, and that a suitable
reduction be made on all other mailable matter.
Also, the petition of Barnard Hartley and 49 other legal
voters of North-Haven, in the State of Connecticut, prav-
ing for the reduction of po?tage to two cent* on prepaid let-
ters of half an ounce, and one cent on newspapers, for all
distances.
Mr. BRIGGS moved, under the rule, that the pipers of
James M French, a petitioner for a pension, be withdrawn
from the files of the Hou.se, and referred to llie Committee
on Pensions.
IN SENATE.
Monday, May 6, XS50.
Mr. ATCHISON rose and snid : Senators, as
the Vice President is absent, it becomes necessary
to elect a President pro tem ; I therefore move
that the Hon. William R. King, by the unani-
mous consent of the Senate, be the President pro
tempore.
"The motion was agreed to, and Mr. King was
conducted to the chair by Messrs. Atchison and
Mangum.
Mr. KING, having1 taken the chair, rose and
said: Senators, I feel highly honored by the unani-
mous approbation of this body in placing me in
this responsible position. I can only say that I
shall endeavor, during the short period I may oc-
cupy this seat, to discharge the duties incumbent
on the Chair with faithfulness and impartiality.
Every Senator well knows that the high char-
acter of this body for order, decorum, courtesy,
and gentlemanly deportment has given it a reputa-
tion in the land to command the confidence and
respect of every portion of the community through-
out our borders. Still to retain and to command
that respect, it is necessary that every Senator
should sustain the Chair in the efforts it may make
to put down the least movement toward disorder,
or the slightest indulgence in personal remarks.
Whi e I preside I shall endeavor, as far as in me
lies, to repress everything of the kind, and shall
refy confidently upon the support of my fellow
Senators to sustain me.
On motion by Mr. ATCHISON,
Ordered, That the Secretary notify the President of the
United States that the Senate,in the abscncc of the Vice
President, have chosen the Hon. William R. King Presi-
dent of the Senate -pro tempore, and that he make a similar
annunciation to the House of Representatives.
SENATOR FROM SOUTH CAROLINA.
The Hon. Franklin H. Elmore, from the
State of South Carolina, whose credentials were
presented on th# 17th of April last, attended, and
the oath prescribed by law having been adminis-
tered to him, he took his seat in the Senate.
MEMORIALS AND PETITIONS.
Mr. DOUGLAS presented a memorial signed
by one hundred and twenty-seven citizens of Alton,
Illinois, asking a grant of the right of way through
the public lands to the Terre Haute and Alton
Railroad Company, in aid of the construction of
said road.
Also, a memorial of the like effect from citizens
of Lower Alton, in the same State; both of which
were referred to the Committee on Public Lands.
Mr. BORLAND presented a memorial from
citizens of Green county, Arkansas, asking the
removal of obstructions to the navigation of Big
Black river in that State; which was referred to
the Committee on Public Lands.
Mr. CASS presented a petition of citizens of
Oakland county, in Michigan, a&king the adoption
of measures for the adjustment of international
controversies by arbitration; which was referred
to the Committee on Foreign Relations.
Also, two petitions of citizens of the United
States, residing on the southern shore of Lake Su-
perior, asking the construction of a ship canal
around the Falls of the Saint Mary and the improve-
ment of Ontonagon and Eagle rivers; which were
referred to the Committee on Commerce.
Mr. BRADBURY presented a memorial of citi-
zens of Winthrop, Maine, asking thata public ves-
sel may be employed to convey the Delegates from
the United States who may be appointed to attend
the convention to promote the eause of universal
peace, which is to assemble at Frankfort, in Ger-
many, in August next; which was referred to the
Committee on Navai Affairs.
Also, a memorial from Aaroo Hayden and oth-
ers, owners of the steamer Admiral, asking the
enactment of an equal and uniform law on the sub-
ject of alien passengers arriving in the United
States, whereby they may be relieved from op-
pressive or unconstitutional State laws; which was
referred to the Committee on the Judiciary.
Mr. DODGE, of Iowa, presented a petition of
citizens of Iowa, asking the establishment of a mail
route from Peha to Council Bluffs.
Also, a petition from citizens of the same State,
asking that the mail route between fort Des Moines
and Council Bluffs may be made to pass through ;
Winterset instead of Adel, in that State; both of
which were referred to the Committee on the Post
Office and Post Roads.
Mr. BALDWIN presented a petition of citizens
ofTorrington, Connecticut, asking that slavery
and the slave trade may be abolished in the Dis-
trict of Columbia, or the seat of Government re-
moved therefrom.
Also, a petition from citizens of the same place
and State, asking that slavery may be prohibited
by law in all the Territories of the United States.
Also, a petition from the same, asking that no
State may hereafter be admitted into the Union, ;
whose constitution does not expressly prohibit
slavery within its limits.
Also, a petition from the same, asking that the
right of trial by jury may be secured by law to
fugitive slaves; all of which were received and or- j
dered to he on the table. j
Also, a petition of the teachers and students of ;
the Tremont Seminary, in Norristown, Pennsyl- '
vania, asking a reduction of the rates of postage; 1
which was laid on the table. i
Mr. DODGE,of Iowa, presented a petition from 1
citizens of that State, asking a grant of land to aid !
m the construction of a railroad from Davenport •
to Council Bluffs; which was referred to the Com* ]
mittee on Public Lands. i
Also, two petitions from citizens of Iowa, asking ;
the establishment of a mail-route from Blootnfield
to Washington, in that State; which was referred
to the Committee on the Post Oiiice and Post
Roads.
Also, additional documents relating to the claim
of the legal representatives of Rinatdo Johnson and :
Anne E. Johnson; which were referred to the Com- :
mittee of Claims,
OFFICERS AND SOLDIERS OF THE WAR OF '
1812. j
Mr. BORLAND. I hold in my hand a memo- !
rial signed bv twenty-eight officers and soldiers in :
the war of 1812, and with the Indian tribes during
that period, asking to be allowed a grant of land as ;j
a reward for their services. It is similar in import li
to a number of memorials from individuals, and
resolutions from the Legislatures of several States,
which have been referred to the Committee on
Military Affairs. As this memorial goes more
fully into the merits of the case than many hereto-
fore presented, and ns Jt is also very short, I will
ask the attention of the Senate to the reading of it:
Soldiers of 1812 —At a meeting of the officers and foI-
diers of the last war with England, held in Van Buren,
Arkansas, on the iCth of March, 1«50, twenty-four being
pre-ent—
General R C. S. Brown was appointed chairman, and
Alexander Mi-Lean secretary. The meeting v\ a addressed
by the chairman upon the objects, of the meeting, and the
claims of the few ^utvivor* of the war of 1810 upon the
eountrj; which was afterwards followed by an eloquent
tribute from General H Wilcox.
Upon motion. A. McLean, Captain William Steward,
Captain William Rusm II, Valentine M ulock, and Whitheld
lJourn were appointed a committee t<i draw up a memorial
to Uongiess, a king that a portion oi the public lauds be set
apart and appropriated ro each officer ami soldier who
served in the la-^t war with England.
Resolved, That the pioceeding« of this meeting be pub-
lished m the Arkansas Intelligence!, and a co,y of the
same, with the memorial, be forwarded to the Arkansas
delegation in Congress.
JR. C. S. BROWN, Chairman.
A. McLean, Secretary.
to the congress of the uxited states.
The undersigned, officers and soldiers of the war with
England, commenced in 1812, and with the Indian tribes
during that period, respeeifuhy represent that they entered
the service of the United States at different periods during
said war, arid seived out their engagements, and were hon-
oialily discharged. Many of them aeived during the Creek
war, at a period when the army s-uttered man} privations
in the wild«'rne.-s; they also portKipnnd in many of the
hard-fought battles with the Indians. Others, again,served
on the Canadian irontier, suffering the hardships of a rigor-
ous winter, deprived of their regular supply of clothing,
subsisting on short rations, and frequently without any
other food than what could b'. procured by foraging in a
wilderness countrv. It is a matter oi hi-tory that they bore
tho?« hardship* with manlv fortitude, whilst they rendered
I services to their country which have conferred blessings
upon millions of thrifty citizens, who now occupv tho-e
regions that were wrested fioin a savage enemy m a bloody
eonto>t.
The undersigned, though locat* d at one point on the fron-
tier in the Far West, in the fulfillment of a destiny ordained
by an all seeing Providence, have migrated from the States
of Xew York, Virginia, Mi?>ouri, Omo, Kentucky, and
Tennessee, and, when called upon by a sen-«e of patriotic
durv, thev were citizens of these States. Theyenjoj the
higii gratification of having served under a Jackson, a Har-
rison, a Cass, a Scott, a Cocke, a CoffVe, and other distin-
guished generals who have won unfading laurels and the
gi.intnde of their comitn men.
Believing that, by their seivices, they aided in achieving
the final independence of tueir country, in adding millions
i of acres to the public domain, which have brought also mil-
■ lions of dollar-: into the national treasury, the undersigned
, conceive they a*-k but a small pittance in petitioning for an
i inconsiderable fraction of the uuappiopr.ated portion of the
i domain thus won by their valor ;.nd patriotic, upon which
I they may erect humble homesteads, and by which they may
i procure a support during the few lingering yeais they may
j \H have to dwell among those who are nowieahzmg the
• full enjoymentof the benefits of rheir achievements. Such a
j testimonial from the'r country would not only be conferring
! a substantial benefit u- on them, hut would also yield a
| plea ina satisfaction to them, in their decline ot ht«, to know
1 that their servi es are appreciated by their countrymen.
Your memorialist-, th<rtfore, rc.-ptctfully n-k the pas-
sage, of a law granting to all the officers, mu-ieians, and pri-
vates, regulars, volunteers, and nnhtia, who served in the
war of 1812 with England, and with the Indian tribes, a part
of the public domain, to be appropnated to them according
to their respective rank, as a just rewaid i'oi their services.
R. O. S. Brown, A. McLean,
William Russell, William Steward,
Ehjah Parker, Joseph Biyant,
William Oliver, Joel Oliver,
Thiup Stevens, Samuel Rush,
Wbith* id Bourn, Valentine Matlock,
Da\id M.Uiock, Wilham Ritchie,
William G. Ramsey, Lu^h For.-man,
William Howard, Wilham Rilev,
J nits Slunauit, Daud Giving,
John F. VViutrey, John V. Gray,
J din Pf Mz, 'I homas Puutt,
Jo'nnPhagan Russel Bates,
David Buiton, James Mitchell.
Vas Bcrex, (Arkansas,) March, 16, 1850.
The memorial wt s referred to the Committee on
Military Affairs.
On motion by Mr. CASS, it was ordered that
the legal representatives of John Baptiste de Lo-
magne, on the files of the Senate, be referred to
the Committee on Pensions.
K.EPORTS FROM COMMITTEES.
Mr. ATCHISON, from the Committee on In-
dian Affairs, to which was referred the petition of
Charles A. Grignoia, asking compensation for ser-
vices as an interpreter to the Untied States sub-
agents for the Menomonee Indians, reported a bill
for the relief of Charles Grignon; which was read,
and passed to a second leading.
Mr. FELCH, from the Committee on Public
Lands, to which was referred the bill to amend an
