THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
2609
ourselves under a pretence that the money was
intrusted to him individually? The fact that he
was intrusted by them as an individual, and not as
an agent, sent there to protect their interests, is
not supported by any testimony; but the evidence
taken,upon the subject proves the contrary—that
this agent was not a person whom they would
have trusted had they not supposed, in conse-
quence of his character as agent, that he was the
proper person to intrust with their business, and
that the Government was responsible for his acts-.
In view of the fact that he was the agent'of
the United Stares—in view of the fact that the
Senate of the United States, and the committee
of conference, justified this mode of authentica-
ting these accounts, in order to ascertain whether
they were valid, the evidence of their validity hav-
ing been ascertained and shown by abundant tes-
timony—I think there is an imperative obligation
on the part of the Government to remunerate
these Indians for the money lostthrough the agent
of the United States.
Mr. PEARCE. The United States never sub-
mitted themselves to be the guardian of these In-
dians for this purpose. They never gave any
authority to their agent to receive, on their liabil-
ity,these moneys, the individual property of mem-
bers.of the tribe, and which were derived from other
sources than the revenue of the United States.
Sir, there is no fact, which I am able to ascer-
tain, which shows that these Indians had any
right to consider the United States responsible for
the acts of the man who happened to be their
agent, other than those he' performed while dis-
charging the duties of ag;ent. He was "their agent
for certain specific purposes. But there was no
law by which" he was authorized to be their agent
for other purposes, and no instructions from the j
department to perform any other than the specified j
duties as agent of the Government. There is no !
fact from which such an implication can be drawn, j
Jt is extremely probable that the Indians had con- j
fidence in this man, because of his personal and
official character. It was their mistake that th^t
confidence was misplaced; and are the United
States bound to'make good the liabilities of an
as:ent of a tribe of Indians for the custody of
funds other than those he derives from the Gov-
ernment? Suppose you carry this principle out:
who can tell what amount of liabilities will be
brought against us? We have very extensive ne-
gotiations with Indian tribes—several hundred
thousand at a time—and if the Government is to
be bound by all the acts of these agents who hap- !
pen to be intrusted with other goods or money I
than that which the United States have to pay j
over to them, I do not see where it will end. !
There will bean immense amount of liabilities !
incurred, as every one can perceive. Sir, there is
no principle in the thing. The United States
should not be held liable for the defalcation of its
agents any further than they are intrusted with
the funds of the Government. I affirm that, al-
though this man was agent of the United States
for special purposes, he was not their agent for
the transaction of the other business of the tribe. ;
Mr. WALES. The great mistake of the hon- j
orable Senator from Maryland lies in this: This !
money was never paid over to these Indians. It ;
was not intrusted by them to the agent after they |
had received it, for they never did receive it. It j
was in the custody of the United States, from the j
time it was drawn. Now, sir, is it fair, is it pro- !
per to insist upon a strict legal construction with j
regard to the liabilities of this Government in rela- <
tion to these Indians, with whom we have treaty ,
stipulations, by which stipulations they are under ;
the care of the General Government? is it fair to :
insist upon technical rules of law with regard to j
these poor Indjans? I put the question to the Sen- '
ator from Maryland, and to every Senator in this I
body, whether we ought to insist so strongly upon j
mere technicality of law and strict legal construc- r
tion ? I hope no such principle will be established j
in regard to any of the Indian tribes—particularly ■
this tribe that has suffered so much in consequence j
of defalcation, and whose claim has been fully rec- j
ognized by previous legislation.
Mr. DODGE, of Iowa. Was this amendment ;
reported by the committee ? !
The PRESIDENT. It was offered by the Sen- I
ator from Delaware. !
Mr. WALES. I will explain it if the gentleman j
requires it, t
Mr. DODGE. I would like to hear the amend-
ment read, and some explanation given, 1 am on
the side of the Indians and of the Senator from
Delaware.
The amendrnent was read.
Mr. WALES. In answer to the inquiry of my
friend from Iowa, I \yill state again that this ap-
propriation wa3 recommended by the Committee
on Indian Affairs at this session. There was a full
and detailed statement made, which I presume'no
Senator except tllbse on the committee hascon-
dered.
Mr. PEARCE. I have.
Mr. WALES. Then you are the only one, I
presume. At a former session there was not only
a report of the Committee on Indian Affairs, but,
by an amendment of the Senate, this was included
in the general appropriation bill of that session.
That amendment was lost in the Bouse, and, a
committee of conference being appointed, the mat-
ter was referred to a special commission under
direction of the Secretary of War, who reported
favorably upon it.
. Mr. HUNTER. 1 understand this to be a case
in which the Indians intrusted their money to their
own agent, but that this agent failed, and they lost
it; so that it was lost through no misconduct on
our part. Their losses were incurred by the de-
falcation of their own agent, and not through any
fault of this Government; and if we are required
to pay such claims as this, I see no end to appro-
priations. It is enough to pay the Indians what
is due to them in consequence of the defalcation
of our own agents, and we ought not to be asked
to pay for losses sustained through the misconduct
of their own ag;ent.
Mr. WALKS. There is but one sum included
in this report of the commissioner that was ever
in the hands of these Indiana, and that was the
sum due to Polly Jamison. The money was paid
over to her and she afterwards intrusted it to this
agent. It was $1,000. In regard to all the other
items, they were never paid over to the Indians.
They were all received by thi* agent in virtue of
his authority as a^ent of the United States.
Mr. UNDER-WOOD. I wish some gentleman
to state to me where the money was obtained from,
' and how. I want to know the facts.
| Mr. PEARCE. I made a statement a few mo-
| ments ago, and I will make it again as briefly as I
I can. A portion of this money was the proceeds
! of the sale of a tract of land which the Indians
! sold to Messrs. Phelps & Gorham. They paid
j this money, not to the United States, but to some
' bank, for the benefit of the Indians.
[ Another portion of it consisted of an annuity,
! due from the State of New York, of $500 For
I two years this agent received that money from j
' the State of New York. That is a part of the I
claim. ;
But, he it whnt it may, no portion of these '
moneys ever came from the United States Govern- j
ment, nor were ever payable by the Uni'ed Spates !
Government to these'Indians. They consisted of !
funds over which the Government had no control, j
but over whiah the Indians had control. Thisman, i
who was the Indian as:ent, received these moneys, !
not by virtue of any authority as Indian agent—
for the Government had no authority over the
funds, and of course could give no authority—but
the Indians, having confidence in the man, allowed
him to receive these moneys, and through that
agent thev were lost. Well, then, there is also
some $2,000 intrusted to this agent by an individ-
ual of the tribe, (Polly Jamison,) which we are !
called upon to make up among the other sums, j
Now, I ask whether this is not a bond upon which j
the agent could be sued by the Indians and held i
liable?
Mr. WALES. The Government intended to
sue the bond.
* Mr. PEARCE. But could the Government 1
recover one stiver of this bond ? Not a cent. j
The question being taken on the amendment, it |
was rejected. j
Mr. RUSK moved to strike out the word "two"
in the amendment adopted yesterday, in relation
to compensation of special agents for the Indian
tribes in Texas, and insert44 three."
Mr. PEARCE. I will state that, as the sum
recommended to be appropriated by the commit-
tee has been enlarged by the action of the Senate,
there can be no objection to increasing the number
of agents.
The PRESIDENT. This question jnust be
entertained by common consent. *
No objection being made, the amendment was
adopted.
INDIAN AGENT, &C., IN TEXAS.
Mr. RUSK. I have also another amendment
furnished me by the Indian Department, for the
purpose of paying arrearages due to an agent
already in Texas:
" For compensation to an agent and two 'interpreter* in
Texas, authorized by the act of the 3d of March, 1847, and
subsequent acts, $3,200."
Mr. PEARCE. I hope that amendment will
I not pass m the shape in which it is offered. It
| is prospective rn its character. It had better be
I amended by saying, "payment for arrears."
j Mr, RUSK. I have no objection to that inodi-
: fication. I have offered it as it was furnished to
| me by the Indian bureau. I will modify uas the
I Senator suggests, and make it " for payment of
! arrears."
1 The question being taken, and about to be stated,
| Mr. HUNTER having voted in the negative,
j Mr, RUSK hoped that the Senator f/om Vir-
ginia would state his reason for his opposition.
By the act of I847-, and subsequent acts, Congress
authorized the employment of an agent for the In-
dians in Texas, and this is the amount of arrear-
ages due to that agent and his interpreters, as
furnished to him by the Indian bureau, with a
recommendation that it be paid.
Mr. HUNTER. I think we have appropriated
for everything that has been estimated by the In-
dian Department. I appeal to the Senator from
Maryland if this is a proper amendment.
Mr. PEARCE. 1 think the Senator from Vir-
ginia is mistaken in regard to our having appro-
priated for eveiything sent to us by the depart-
ment. This was sent to us, and rejected because
it was prospective in its character. It is now
modified so ds to pay only for aueais. if there
be arrears, it is right they should be paid.
Mr. HUNTER withdrew his objection, and the
amendment was agreed to.
H. W. JERNIGAN AND CO.
Mr. ATCHISON offered the following amend-
ment:
«• To pay the Central Bank of Georgia, assignee of H. W.
Jemigau & Co., and otheis, the sum <>t $-1,042.*'
Mr. ATCHISON. As a short method of ex-
plaining this amendment, I wiii beg leave to read
the following report of the Committee on Indian
Affairs of the Senate, submitted September 10,
1850:
" The Committee on Indian Affair*, to whom was referred
the memorial of theCmitial Bank of Georgia, aa assignee
ol Henry IV. Jernrgan, H. VV. Jermgan, & Co., ol Jerni-
gau, Gaehet, &. Co , and Hill, Jeimg.iu, & Co., claiming
indemnity tor spoliations ot the Cr< ek Indians, at Roau-
oke,on the 15th of May, 1836, report:
"Tluit from ihe reports of commi-sioners of tjie United
Srat«-s apputnte i to inve>ugat« the. lo se-. oi th« of
Georgia and Alabama trom ihe depredations ot the Cieek
i mi j .ins, made in the year 1837, (a: d now on the file in the
office of the Commissioner ol Indian Affairs,) n appeals
that thnry VV. Jeimgan & Co. susiained losses by the dep-
redations of the Creek Indians,on the 15th ot May, !bJ6, at
their ware and storehouses ai Roanoke, m uie county of
Stewart, S ate of Georgia, a< charged and proved by them,
amounting to the sum ot $18,940, and by the award of the
commissioners to the sum of $14,IM; that Jeiniyan,
Gachet & Co., at the same tune and place, and from the
same causes, lost, as by thejn charged and proved, and by
the awaid of die commissioners, the sum nf $},5<X); that
Hill, Jernigan, & Co., at the same time and place, ami tiom
like causes, lost, as charged by them ami proved, and by
the commissioners awaided, the Mini of that Henry
W. Jenii«an,at the same time and place, and trom like
causes lost, as by him charged and Droved, and by the com-
missioners awatded, the sum of >'lu2—making the amount
ot losses, as by the lor* going fiims and p.rsous, on the
whole, the sum of #21,042. It further appears trom the
statements of Major John II. Howard, the commanding oi-
ficer of a battalion of mounted volunteers then on service
lor the protection of the fiontiersot Georgia from the hos-
tilities and incursions of the Indian*, that captain James U.
Home, commanding a company of volunteer*., was by him
ordered to occupy Roanoke with Ins command; that Cap-
tain Home, in obedience thereto, lepaned to that place, and
took possession of the warehnu-e and storehouse ol H. W.
Jernigan & Co., and n ed them a-< u depository for the arms,
j ammunition, and provisions of his company, and quartered
his men around the same; that he continued in possesion
nniil tie was attacked by a body of Creek Indians,routed by
them, and dnven from the same, and the ware an I store-
houses, with their content*—the goods, wares, and mer-
chandise ot the before-mentioned persons—were burnt and
destr yed. This statement is cotroboraied by Captain
Home, and al*o by Marrnaduke Gresham. the quartermaster
for Captain Home's company, who says ih«*t. a« quarter-
master, he 'asked. demanded, and received the key* to, and
possession of the laige warehouse and grocery store of
Messrs. H. W. Jeimgan & Co., and continued to occupy
said house as a quartermaster's depattmeut until the mom-
