9lf>
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
May 6,
act, approved 3d March, 1837, entitled An act to
amend an act entitled "An act for laying off the
towns of Fort Madison and Bowhngton, in the
county of Des Moines, and the towns of Bellevue,
Da Buque, and Mineral Point, "in the county of
Iowa, Territory of Wisconsin, and for other pur-
poses," approved 3d July, 1836, reported back the
same without amendment.
Also, from the same committee, to which was
referred the bill to amend the act of 4th September,
1841, granting preemption rights to settlers on the
public lands, reported back the same, without
amendment.
Also, from the same committee, to which was
referred the bill to equalize the grants of lands to
the several Slates, reported back the same without
amendment.
Also, from the same committee, to which was
referred the bill to grant to the State of Florida the
lands the surveys of which are reported as " im-
practicable,'1 reported-back the same with amend-
ments.
Also, from the same committee, to which was
referred the bill for the relief of Mariba Fairser-
vice, reported back the same, with amendments.
Also, from the same committee,asking to be dis-
charged from the further consideration of the peti-
tion of George Horn.
Also, from the same committee, to which was
referred the petition of citizens of St. Louis, Mis-
souri, residing in townships forty-three and forty-
four, asking that settlers may be allowed to enter
lands, submitted an adverse report on the some;
which was ordered to be printed.
Also, from the same committee, to which was
referred the petition of John Frazer and William
Lindly, for the heirs of John G. Glendenin, sub-
mitted" an adverse report on the same; which was
' ordered to be printed.
Also, from the same committee, to which was
referred the memorial of the Legislature of the
State of Wisconsin, asking a survey of the Me-
nomonee purchase, submitted an adverse repoit on
the same; which was ordered to be printed.
Also, from the same committee, to which was
referred the petition of William Wallis, asking to
be allowed to locate certain land, submitted an
adverse report on the same; which was ordered to
be printed.
GEOGRAPHY AND GEOLOGY OF CALIFORNIA,
Mr. BORLAND. The Committee on Printing,
to which was referred the motion to print the
leportof the Secretary of War in relation to the
geography and geology of California, have in-
structed me to report in favor of printing the same,
and that five thousand additional copies theieofhe
printed, one thousand of which for the use of Col-
onel P. T. Tyson. I will explain the object of
that recommendation. The report is one which
was received from General Smith by the War De-
partment, and a large portion of it is made up
from reports by Colonel Tyson, of Maryland, a
private individual, who made explorations and
surveys at his own expense. The whole report
was made to the War Department, and the pa-
pers of Colonel Tyson were sent in by the Top-
ographical Bureau. The committee, not being
aware of that fact, reported in favor of printing
five thousand copies; but being informed lhat a
portion of the report was the private property of
Colonel Tyson, a motion was made to reconsider,
and the report was recommitted to the Committee
on Printing. On examination, we find that the
report is a very valuable one, and the committee
have instructed me to report in favor of printing
five thousand copies, one thousand of them to be
given to Colonel Tyson, by way of remuneiation
for his labor.
Mr. HALE. This is, I suppose, a work on
geography, of which we now propose to print five
thousand copies. There seems to be no end to this
system of printing everything. I think the whole
system wrong, and if the vote can be taken by
yeas and nays, I shall be glad to record my vote
against it.¥
Mr. PEARCE. I understand this report from
the Topographical Bureau contains two papers,
one submitted by General Persifer F. Smith,
touching upon land titles in California, and va-
rious other matters of great public interest. It is
a valuable paper, and should be in the possession
of the Senate, and I think it should be in the pos-
session of the country. That is an official paper.
The next ia a geological report upon California
This was made by a gentleman from Maryland,
Mr. Tyson, who is a chemist and a geologist of j
high reputation, and every way competent to i
make such an examination , and to prepare such a
report. It was made by hiin as an individual, in
nowise connected with the Government. *1 he
paper was written by him probably with a view
to publication, but it was desired by the head of
the topographical engineers, and by many persons
connected with the Government, and by members
of Congress, that this paper should be submitted
to Congress along with the report of General
Smith. It was so submitted. Mr. Tyson thought jj
that perhaps he was entitled to some compensation 1;
for the preparation of that paper. The committee
were not disposed to allow him any compensation
in money, but they thought it reasonabfe that he
should be compensated in a way in which com-
pensation has often been made before, by giving a
number of copies of a report for which an individ-
ual had furnished materials, and they recommend Ii
it in this case. It was done m the case of Doctor ij
Wizlenzennus, who made a report while em- !;
ployed as a surgeon in the army in Mexico. He jj
was compensated by a number of the copies of the j:
report. It is proposed to compensate this gentle- I
man for his labor in the same way. It is a very
inadequate compensation, which will not amount
in value to one-fifth part of his expenses; but it is
proposed to give some sort of acknowledgment,
rather than compensation, for his report. If this
report is worth printing, surely it will be highly
illiberal to refuse to give this gentleman some
copies of his own work, the product of his own
unaided labor.
Mr. HALE. This seems to me to be going a
step further than we have ever gone heretofore. I
know we have heretofore published very largely
some documents for distribution. It is now pro- j|
posed to buy the copyright—to buy private MSS. j
—and to give the author one thousand copies as !
the price of his proprietary right. I want to men- ;
tiori a single fact. A lieutenant of the Navy made I;
an exploration of the country about the Dead Sea,
under the direction of the late Administration, or !
the one that preceded it, 1 do not know which, j
That book has been published by the family of j
Lieutenant Lynch, and is now to be found in most i,
of the bookstores. I have had many applications I;
to know how long it will be before Congress will !'
take that work for distribution. I do not know ij
why, if these books are valuable and worth print- !!
ing, they have not found their way into market; j
for the booksellers will printanything that is worth
the price of printing and publication. Lieutenant
Lynch's book was one of that sort, and it found ;
its way to the public through the oidinaiy chan-
nels through which books worth printing come i
there. But I suppose it is useless to undertake to !
arrest this tiling; it has been going on increasing
constantly from year to year, so that the contm- ;
gent expenses of the two Houses for printing are 1
counted by hundieds of thousands of dollars, and
each session it is constantly increasing.
Mr. BORLAND. I beg to say that I am as
much opposed to this extravagance in the printing >
of public documents as any one; but, as a member
of the Committee on Printing, I looked upon it in .
connection with the practice of the Senate, which
nas been to print leports from any department, i
communicating valuable information as to the vaiue
of public lands, and with rcspect to other branches
of the public interest; and when they are deemed
of extraordinary interest and vaiue, additional
copies have been ordered to be printed. Regard-
ing this as one of that character, I agreed m the I
recommendation to print, as ha3 been reported. I
think the reasons given by the honorable Senator
from Maryland ate satisfactory, so far as relates
to the additional number of copies to be given to
Colonel Tyson. As a general principle, I am,
however, opposed to any of these extravagant or-
ders to pi int.
The question being taken, the report was con-
curred in.
PATENT OFFICE REPORT.
Mr. BORLAND. I have been instructed by
the Co ,mi ee on Printing, to which was referred .
the motion to print the second part of the report of
the Commissioner of Patents, to report in favor of ,
printing the same, together with thirty thousand
additional copies; five hundred copies of which for j
the use of the Commissioner of Patents. This
number is the same as was ordered last year.
Mr. YULEE. I do not know that I shall in-
terpose any distinct objection, certainly not any
distinct motion, to the printing of the number of
copies which has been recommended; but I think
it may not be amiss to call the attention of the
Senate to the extraordinary amount of printing
that has been already ordered. I have been in-
formed that there has been already ordered an
amount of printing by the two Houses which will
require the issue of ten thousand volumes a week
till the meeting of the next session of Congress.
Now we propose to add thirty thousand volumes
more. This practice of printing books has gone
so far, that all efforts to arrest it seem to be so
entirely unavailing, that I will not occupy the time
of the Senate with a motion; but I have thought
proper to bring to the notice of the Senate the fact
which I have stated.
Mr. DAVIS, of Mississippi. I should be glad
to hear from the chairman of the Committee on
Printing whether this part of the Patent Office
Report has been examined; and if so, what is its
general charactei—on what subjects it treats ?
Mr. BORLAND. 1 will say that I have not
thoroughly examined this document—that 1 have
not scrutinized it with sufficient care and minute-
ness to specify its specific character. It is what is
called the agricultural portion of the report. As
to the competency of the present Commissioner lo
make a report of that kind, and as to the value of
the information he has collected from other sources,
I am not prepared to speak. It wouid be impos-
sible, or would take more time than the committee
have been able to bestow on it, to go into a thor-
ough examination of it. I have supposed that in
value it was about equal to its predecessors. I
add for my own justification, that I am no advo-
cate for the printing of so large a number of this
document, but I have cor.foimed in my report to
the practice of the Senate. The committee have
recommended the printing of the same number
that was printed last year, and would leave it for
the Senate to judge whether a document equal in
size to that of last year contains an amount of
matter equally valuable. I will add, that of the
first part, which relates to mechanic arts and in-
ventions, we ordered the printing of fifteen thousand
copies, and the House of Representatives have
ordered the printing of one hundred and fifty
thousand copies of the two together; that is, fifty
thousand copies of the first, and one hundred
thousand copies of the second I can confirm the
statement made by the Senator from Florida, that
to furnish the printing already ordered by the two
Houses of Congress, the public printers and binders
will have to send us ten thousand volumes per
week till the next session of Congress. I wish
simply to state these facts, v. ithout saying anything
in support of the proposition to print.
Mr. YCJLEE. I wish to inquire of the chair-
man of the committee, what is the probable aver-
age cost of these volumes? 1 estimate it at not
less thar $5 per volume, which would be §50,0U0
per week from this time till the next session of
Congress.
Mr. BORLAND. I think the Senator from
Florida over-estimates very largely the expense.
I doubt whether the cost will exceed one-fifth, cer-
tainly it will riot exceed one-fourth of the sum he
has named. I may be wrong, but that is my im-
pression.
Mr. DAVIS, of Mississippi. I did not intend,
by the inquiry that I made, to ask the chairman
of' the committee of the competency of the Com-
missioner to prepare a report upon an agricultural
subject, or any other subject; nor docs it much
concern me, unless the subject be strictly connected
with the duties of his office. We have extended
to this bureau of the Patent Office a great many
subjects not connected with it; or, at least, not
designed by law originally. An agricultural bu-
reau is growing up in it, and the proposition is m
the minds of many that it should have a distinct
organization, and be separated from the depart-
ment. This 1 hold to be no part of the functions
of this Government; I hold that it is no part of the
duty of Congress to publish works on speculative
philosophy, or compilations on agriculture, or any
similar sub|ect not connected with legislation.
What is termed the ordinary number of these re-
ports is a very extraordinary number. I think wc
should place a limit, that we ought to have checked
