1850.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
917
it long ago. We have become the great book-maker
of the country, and unless this is resisted, it bids
fair to become one of the greatest drains upon the
Treasury of the country. I doubt the propriety
of having any other report than that connected
with inventions which come before that depart-
ment, and I shall object to the printing of anymore
than the ordinary number of this as a document
of the Senate. I move, therefore, to amend the
report of the committee so as to confine the num-
ber to the ordinary number of reports. We have
on many occasions gone on to print documents of
the character of which we had no opportunity to
judge. What the report of the Commissioner of
Patents may be, is a matter of which every mem-
ber of the Senate except the Committee on Print-
ing is now supremely ignorant. The chairman
does not give that information which enables us to
arrive at any conclusion as to the value of the
work; nor would I vote for it, if it were ever so
valuable, a's an agricultural document, to charge
the Treasury with its publication, and to make
Congress the medium of its circulation throughout
the country.
Mr. YULEE. With respect to the question
whieh I put to the chairman of the committee,
as to the probable average cost per volume, I will
say that I may have over-estimated it, as he seems
to suppose; but I desire to state that there is, be-
sides the printing, the expense of binding, the
expense of the paper, the expense of folding, and
of transportation by mail; and when all is taken
into the account, 1 doubt very much whether the
expense will fall short of five dollars per volume.
Mr. TURNEY. I hope, really, the Senate
will not adopt the motion made by the Senator
from Mississippi. It seems that the abuse com-
plained of is not that we print too large a number
of this document, but of others of much less im-
portance. The people regard this of greater im-
portance than almost any other. The number
recommended to be printed by the committee is
thirty thousand, precisely the number printed at
the last session; there is, therefore, no evil grow-
ing out of the printmgof this document more than
has heretofore existed. The cause of complaint is
in relation to other documents; of which too large
a number, it is said, have been printed. Now,
because the Senate has acted wrong, perhaps hasti-
ly, in ordering so large a number of other docu-
ments, it is proposed to cut off the printing of
public documents altogether. I am opposed to
this course; but I am in favor of the reform spoken
of by other Senators; but let that reform fall upon
other documents, and not that which is most ad-
mired and called for by the great majority of the
people. I hope the amendment will not prevail.
Mr. RUSK. Mr. President, 1 wish to say one
word upon this subject. I agree with the obser-
vations that have been made that we are printing
too many documents. I have no sort of doubt of
that. I think that the practice should he reformed.
We print, I apprehend, too many of the Presi-
dent's messages and accompanying documents,
which are temporary and political in their charac-
ter, the interest of which passes away during the
next year. It is the same way with a great many
other documents that we print. They are docu-
ments called for by the various interests of the
country, commercial and manufacturing. We
Crmt them in large documents and in large num-
ers. This is the only document which is issued
by the Government that is sought after by a very
large class of the community—being the agricul-
tural class. So far as my experience goes on the
subject, I can confidently say that I have been
called upon four times as often by my constituents,
and by individuals in the various parts of the
United States, for this document than 1 have for
any other document published by Congress. And
it seems to me that if we are to begin a reform, wc
had better commence with those documents which
are temporary and political in their character, the
interest of which passes away in a short time, and
for which we are not called upon as frequently as
we are for this document. 1 have heard some of
the most intelligent agriculturists in the country
gay that this is vastly the best document that is
printed by Congress. While I am for reform, I
hope we will begin reform on the worst, and not
on the very best document which can be printed
by Congress.
Mr. DAVIS, of Mississippi. We must begin
to reform somewhere. I will venture to say, that
if Congress will publish any work, of the least at-
tractive character, and accompany it with plates, ex-
ecuted in thestyle in which this report is published,
they will have calls for it. But this is a question
of the propriety of the printing of works of this
kind by Congress, and not a question whether the
work is a desirable one or not. If this is really so
desirable, as represented by the Senator from
Texas, let it be published on private account, and
let it find its way through the booksellers to the
people who want it. If it were proposed to pub-
lish the American almanac, and bind that, and
send it through the country, we should have calls
for it equal to those we have for this work.
Mr. BUTLER, (in his seat.) And more too.
Mr. DAVIS. My friend from South Carolina
says we should have more; probably. The ques-
tion is, whether we shall impose on the coun-
try the expense of printing thirty thousand copies
of this work, that we may distribute and send it
out among our constituents. I think there is no
justice in it—no foundation of authority for it to
be drawn from the Constitution under which we
act. I do not object to this document in particu-
lar. I object to the whole system; and most of
all, when we attempt to run into speculative theo-
ries, either on moral or physical subjects. I
have not seen the report, but from the published
extracts, and all I have heard of its character, I
believe it to be one of the most visionary and
speculative works ever presented to the public.
Mr. BUTLER. Mr. President, I believe that
the Patent Office Report is the most popular paper
that is published by order of the Senate or House
of Representatives; and for that very reason I
think it is more likely to lead to abuse. I think it
is through the Patent Office Report that we have
been induced to publish and distribute many other
reports which ought not to have gone into circula-
tion.
I agrge with my friend from Mississippi, that
we ought not to give the sanction of this Senate to
a paper of this kind, and make the Commissioner
of Patents an official author. What is m this
book I know not—no one has examined it—and
yet it is a book of statistics, purporting to be a
book affecting and involving the agricultural in-
terests of the country. The very name gives it a
popular reputation, and hence the demand for its
distribution.
Sir, the cheapest book you can buy is the Pat-
ent Office Report. If you go down to a friend
with whom I lodge, a very worthy and excellent
man, who carries on a very extensive bakery, the
cheapest book you can buy there is the Patent
Office Report. He sends his bread round in it.
This is making a very cheap use of this highly
intellectual production,
Mr. YULEE. Five cents per pound.
Mr. BUTLER. I will say that it is very trou-
blesome for me to distribute this book. 1 have a
great many constituents, and if I undertake to
distribute this book, it will be but partially dis-
tributed, unless I get enough for all of them.
Some time ago I had quite a numer of these doc-
uments in my bags. Before I reached home,
however, my bags were broken into, and these
books taken out, so that I was relieved of the ne-
cessity of distributing them at all. I was very
glad of it. That showed the estimation the peo-
ple had of it.
But, sir, I wish to ask what authority has Con-
gress to print these books ? Whence do we derive
the power to publish a book containing agricultu-
ral statistics? I have applications for these reports,
containing speculative opinions upon agriculture,
by persons who never had a grub hoe in their
hands, who are familiar with none of the imple-
ments, and none of the practical operations of a
farm. I am opposed to the publication by the
Senate of books, the contents of which we know
nothing. I think the precedent is bad; and, as
the Senator from Mississippi says, we had better
commence reform upon this most popular and
most dangerous of all publications. I suppose,
however, that we shall not succeed. I have always
opposed this thing, and I shall do so now. I do
so, because I think it is wrong to print books upon
the suggestion of any one that their contents are
vastly important, or that they contain scientific
suggestions, sometimes of one kind and sometimes
of another. If this principle is to be carried out,
we shall at last come to the point, that, whenever
a member rises in his place and chooses to bestow
laudatory criticism upon one of these official doc-
uments, we shall send it out as food, literary food,
for the people, without ever examining into the
character of it. I am very glad that my friend
from Mississippi has raised the opposition which
he has to this measure, though I think it will
prove unavailing*
Mr. BADGER. I know nothing myself of the
subject to which this book refers; I am not an ag-
riculturist, and therefore am unable to judge of the
value of the work. Ail that I know upon the sub-
ject is, that there is no book published which is so
generally sought for by plain men, unconnected
with politics, and from which, if wc may suppose
and presume they are adequate judges, they derive
material assistance in the prosecution of their agri-
cultural employment. I therefore shall vote for
printing the number of the report which the com-
mittee have recommended, and I as;ree entirely
with my friend from Texas, that if we are to be-
gin a system of reform, and to cut off any sup-
posed excess in the publication ef documents, we
should begin with the political matter, published
by so many hundred thousands of copies, which
is of very little value to any, and of no value ex-
cept to a very few persons. At all events, I am
extremely unwilling, for one, to commence a sys-
tem of retrenchment and reform upon the very ap-
propriation which has not been found fault with,
but which is the only boon, so far as I know, that
Congress has ever bestowed upon the agricultural
pursuits of the people of the United States. It is
to be paid for with their money, and they desire
it. It will impose upon me, I am aware, a good
deal of trouble, which I am not desirous of taking,
in fianking—for upon that subject I am like the
Senator from South Carolina—but I will cheerfully
submit to it as a means of distributing information
among my constituents which they desire, and
which is likely to be useful to them in the prose-
cution of the cultivation of the earth. 1 am ready
to begin at any time, as the Senator from Texas
says, in reforming this matter, but I want to begin
at the other end. I do not desire to begin with
cutting off what is really valuable.
Mr. HUNTER. It is now one o'clock, and I
rise to call far the special order of the day. I
move that the further consideration of this subject
be postponed until to-morrow.
Several Senators. Let us finish with this first.
The motion to postpone was rejected.
Mr. RUSK. Two objections have been raised
to this proposition—one by the Senator from South
Carolina, and the other by the Senator from Mis-
sissippi. One seems to be that some individuals
about the city use these documents for wrapping
paper, or something of that description. This
work, sir, is not to be chargeable with that; the
blame falls on the officer or member of Congress
who neglects to distribute a document which is
very much sought after. The other objection is
from the Senator from Mississippi, and is, fnat
there are plates in this work, and that if we pub-
lish any books containing plates they will be much
sought for by our constituents.
Mr. DAVIS, (in his seat.) The plates and
binding, I said, constituted two of the attractions.
Mr. RUSK. I have had some occasion to look
into this document, and to examine carefully the
subjects with which it is connected, and it is my
impression, from an examination of the matter,
that we owe four times as much of the great and
unbounded prosperity of this country to the in-
dustry and energy of our mechanics and laboring
men as to any and all other sources put together.
It is for that class of individuals more than any
other that this book is published. It is not at the
expehse of the Treasury at all, for the Patent
Office, to which our ingenious mechanics go to
obtain their patents, accumulates annually a very
large fund, much more than sufficient to pay for
this book. And it seems to me that anything
which is calculated to encourage our agriculturists
or our ingenious mechanics, who have done so
much to elevate and advance this country to pros-
perity, is certainly money very well spent, and
under these circumstances 1 shall vote for this
proposition. I shall go into the reform to which
Senators have referred very willingly.8^! know
that we publish hundreds of documents and circu-
late them throughout the country, the only object
of which is to create a little political capital, which
lasts no longer than a presidential term, and are
then thrown aside and forgotten. This book con-
