2012
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
Sept. 28,
etructed hit" to make. He now asked the unani-
mous consent of the House to report from that
committee a resolution; which was read for infor-
mation, as follows:
Resolved, That I)'1 Clerk of the House be directed to as-
certain as soon as possible the legal expenses of the con-
tested election in the fourth Congressional district of Penn-
sylvania, arid pay the same out of ilie contingent fund of
this House; and that he also be directed to pay to John S.
Littell, the contestant, his mileage and per diem allowance
from the commencement of the present session until the
11th of September, when the contest was determined.
And that he also pay oui of the same fund to Charles 3. £n-
gersolt, bis mileage and per diem allowance while he was
contesting the seat of the Hon. Charles Ndylor, m the Q6lh
Congress, from the commencement of tile first session until
the 15th day of January, 1840, when the content was deter-
mined by the House.
Mr. MILLER objected to the introduction of
the resolution. ^
Mr. STRONG moved a suspension of the rules,
which motion was not agreed to, two thirds not
voting therefor.
So the rules were not suspended.
Mr. STANTON, of Tennessee, on leave, with-
drew from the files of the House, to be presented
at one of the departments, the petition and papers
in the case of Mary Barry.
Mr. THOMPSON, of Pennsylvania, on leave,
reported from the Committee on the Judiciary,
with sundry amendments, the Senate bill entitled
«' An act to provide for extending the laws and
judicial system of the United States to the State of
California."
Pending this question—
Mr. WENTWORTH asked leave to make the
report on the subject of the printing of Congress,
from the select committee on printing, to lie on
the table, and be ordered to be printed.
Objection was made, and the report was not re-
ceived.
Mr. NELSON asked leave to make certain re-
ports from the Committee of Claims.
Objected to.
Mr. GR1NNELL asked the unanimous consent
to withdraw certain papers from the files of the
House, to be presented at the Pension Office, the
papers in the case of the widow of William Leath.
Objection was made.
Mr. FULLER asked leave to make a report
from the Committee on Printing.
Mr. THOMPSON, of Pennsylvania, objected,
and called for the consideration of the bill he had
just reported.
The SPEAKER §aid, the bill reported by the
gentleman from Pennsylvania was before the House
by unanimous consent, was pending;, and must be
disposed of b'-fore other business was taken up.
The bill was read by sections, with the amend-
ments.
Mr. THOMPSON, of Pennsylvania, moved th%
previous question.
The previous question was seconded.
And the main question was ordered.
The amendments of the committee (which were
of an unimportant character) were severally read,
and ajreed to.
The bill was then ordered to a third reading;
and having been read a third time by its title, and
the question being on its passage,
Mr. VENABLE demanded the previous ques-
tion.
There was a second. The main question was
ordered, and, having been taken, the bill was
. passed
Mr. VENABLEmoved a reconsideration of the
vote, and that that motion be laid on the table.
BOUNTY LAND BILL.
Mr. COBB, of Alabama, asked the House at
this time to take up and consider the amendments
' of the Senate to House bill granting bounty lands
to officers and soldiers who had been engaged in
the military service of the United States.
The bill (Mr C. said) was a bill of much im-
portance, and great interest was felt concerning it
throughout the country. He hoped the Hou§£
would not hesitate to take it up and dispose of it.
It would not consume fifteen minutes.
Mr. ROOT and other members objected.
Mr. COBB moved that the rules of the House
be suspended to enable him to make the motion.
THE PUBLIC PRINTING.
Mr. FULLER rose, he said, to a privileged
question. He reported from the Committee on
Printing, the following resolution, which was
read:
Resolved, That th<> clerk of the Committee on Printing m
the Senate and the Clerk of the House of Representatives,
be authorized to audit, certify, and allow all accounts tor
prinUnsi during the recess of Congress in the same way us
is now done by the Committee ««  Fruiting.
Mr. WENT WORTH requested Mr. Fuller
so to modify the resolution as to except from the
operation of the resolution the obituary notices of
the late President of the United States.
Some explanation followed between Messrs.
WENTWORTH and FULLER".
Mr. FULLER declined to miJtiify.
Mr. BROWN, of Mississippi, adopting as his
own the suggestion of Mr. Wentworth, moved to
amend the resolution by adding thereto the words
" except that for priming the document containing
the proceedings of Congress, &c., on theoccasion of
the death of the late President of the United States."
Mr. WENTWORTH expressed his willingness
that the matter should be referred to the Attorney
General.
Mr. HALL demanded the previous question.
There was a second.
Mr. JOHN A. KING desired to ask a question.
The SPEAKER said no remarks were now in
order.
The main question was then ordered; and, being
taken, the amendment was agreed to.
And the resolution, as amended, was adopted.
BOUNTY LAND BILL.
The question then recurred on the motion of
Mr. Cobb, of Alabama, that the rules of the House
be suspended, to enable him to move that the
House proceed to the consideration of the amend-
ments to the bounty land bill
The question was taken, and the vote was de-
clared to be—ayes 65, noes 56
Mr. COBB, of Alabama, and Mr. MILLER de-
manded the yeas and nays.
Mr. THURMAN desired to be informed by the
Speaker, whether there was any appropriation bill ]
on the Speaker's table. _ I
The SPEAKER replied, that the Chair was not1
aware that theie was any appropriation bill on the j
Speaker's table. '
The yeas and nays were then ordered. J
And the question, " Shall the rules of the House ;
be suspended'" was taken, and resulted—yeas 110, :
navs 31; as follow: ;
YEAS—Messrs. Albert'on, Alexander, Anderson, An-
drews. BiiialMin, Bocik-Ii, lioolh, Brnvie, Brcck, Briggs,
Albert ii. Biown, Buel, Burrows, Jo-eph Cable, Geor«e "A. |
Caldwell, Joseph P. Caldwell,Calvin, Gartter, Casey, Chand- i
ler Clevtland, V\r. It W. Cobb, Corwin, Dit-ky, Dimmiek, j
Doty, Dunham, Eflinundson, Nathan Evarw, Featherston,
Fitch, Freediey, Goodenow, Hall, Hamilton, Hammond,
Harlan, Miam <?. H.irns, S. W tLuris, H lymond, Hilhard,
Ilolladay, Howe, Huitbard, Hunter, Inae, Joseph W. Jack-
son, Andrew Jotm-ou, James L. Johnson, Robert W.
Johnson, Kaufman, Preston King, La tSete, Leffler Little-
field. Marshall, Mason, MeLanah.iu, Robert M McLme, i
McMullen, McQueen, Miller, Millsnn, Morris, Moiton, ,
Newell, Ogle, Oir, Outlaw, Parker, Peaslee, Phelps, Phoe-
nix, Pitman, Po ter, Powell, Reed, Rolibius, Rockwell, Ross,
Uumsev, ^arketf, tfavaire, Schermethorn, Seddon, Silves- i
ter, Spauldtrn.', Stanly, Frederick P Stanton, Rtehaid H. ■
Stanton, Tliaddeus Stevens, Strone, "aylor, James Thomp-
son, Undei hill, Venable, Waldo, Wallace, WaiUms, Went-
worth, Whittlesey, Wildrick, Williams, Wood, Wright, and
Young—110.
NAYS—Messrs. Allen, Ashe, Ashmun, Chester Butler,
Thomas B. Builer, Clingmau, Crowell, Daniel, Durkee,
Eliot, Fowler. Gott, Gould, Gnnnell, Halloway, Hay,
Henri, Houston, Georne G. Kin;, James G. King, John A.
King, Horace Mann, Moore, Nelson, Otis, Reynolds, Risiey,
Root, Tliurman, Van D>ke,and White—3L.
So the rules were suspended.
[Mr Matteson did not vote, having paired off
with Mr. Richardson.]
The question was upon concurring in the Sen-
ate's amendments.
Mr. HALL moved the previous question.
The amendments were read for information.
The previous question was seconded.
And the main question was ordered.
Pending the question—
Mr. McGlUEEN asked and obtained leave to
withdraw the memorials and papers from the files
of the Committee on the Post Office and Post
Roads, on the following routes:
From Wilmington, North Carolina, to Man-
chester, South Carolina.
From Marion Court-House, by Gilchrist's
Bridge, &c., and back to Marion Court-1 louse.
From Jtffries Creek, by way of Anderson's
Bridge, to Graham's Cross-Roads.
From Bennettsville, to McNiell's Mill.
From the Thirty-two Mtle House, by Lenard's
Ferry, to Kingston; to be referred to the Post
Office Department.
The following is the bounty land bill as it first
' the House: ">
' Be it enacted. Inj the Senate and House of ReprcsentaJ.ines
of Ike United States of America in Cbngi ess assembled, That
nich of the suivivmg commissioned and non-commissioned
officers, musicians", or privates, whether of regular^, volun-
teers, rangers, or militia, who performed military service in
any regiment, company, or detachment in the service of the
United States, in the war wilh Great Briimn, declared by
the United States on the 18th day of June, 1812, or in any
of the Indian wars since 1790, and each of the commis-
sioned officers who was engaged in the military service of
the United Slates in the late war with Mexico, t=hall be en-
titled—for twelve months' servi e, to one hundred and sixty
acres of land; for six months' service, to eighty acres of
land ; and for three months' service, to forty acre? of land:
Provided, The person so having been in service shatt not re-
ceive said lands, or any part iheieof, if it shall appear bv the
muster rolls of hi« regiment or corps that he deserted, or
was dishonorably discharged from service, or if he hac re-
ceived,or i-s entitled to any land bouniy under any act of
Congress heretofore passed.
" k'ec. 2. Jlnd be it further charted, That each com-
missioned and non-commtssioned officer, musician, or pri-
vate, for whom provision is made by the first section hereof,
shall receive a certificate, or warrant, from the Department
of the Interior for the quantity of land to which he may be
entitled, and which may be located by the warrantee, or his
htns at law, af any land office of the United States, in one
body, and in conformity to the legal subdivisions of the pub-
lic lands upon any ol the puhhc lands in such district then
subject to private entry; and upon the return of such citi-
ficate or warrant, with evidence of the location thereof hav-
ing been legally made to the General Land OfTiee, a patent
shall he issued therefor. In the event of the death of any
commissioned or non-commisfioned officer, musician, or
private, prior or buhs-equent to the passage of this act, who
s-h.ill have «ervpd as aforesaid, and who ?.hal! not have re-
ceived bounty land for said services, a like certificate or war-
rant shall be issued in favor and inure to the benefit of his
widow: Provided, She was married to such officer or sol-
dier before the conelu-ion of his service, and is unmarried
at the date of her application: Provided, furtJiqr, That no
land warrant issued under the provisions of this act shall
b« laid upon any land of the United States to which there
hall be a preemption right,or upon which there shall bean
actual settlement and cultivation, except with-the consent
of ■Mich settler, to be satisfactorily proven to the proper laud
officer.
"Sec, 3. *#nd be it further enacted, $c., That all sales,
mortgages, letters Of attorney, or other instruments of writing
going to affect the title or claim to any warrantor certificate
hereinbefore provided for, made or executed prior to the
issue of such warrant, or certificate, shall be null and void,
to all intents .md purposes whatsoever; nor shall such cer-
tificate or warrant, or the land obtained thereby, be in any
wi&e affected by, or charged with, or subject to, the payment
of any debt or claim incurred bysuch officer or soldier prior
to the i?<-uwg of the patent: Provided, That the benefits of
this act shall not accrue to any person who is aSmember of
the present Congress."
The question being on concurring in the amend-
ments of the Senate, the following was concurred
in without a division :
No. 1. " Jnsert after the woid c surviving' in the first sec-
lion, the words {or the widow or minor children of de
ceased.'"
The question being on concurring in the second
amendment of the Senate, as fallows:
No 2. " Insert afferthe word f militia,' in the first section,
the woid*, 'or marine whose name has been returned on
, mu-aer rolls, or in any oiher official manner, to the War De-
; partmeutj as having' ' —
Mr. MARSHALL made a few remarks, which
' were inaudible to the Reporter.
Mr. VENABLE called for tellers on the ques-
; tion; which were refused.
The question being put, the amendment was
i non-concurred in.
The third amendment of the Senate was read:
« Strike out the vverd < who'in the first sfcetion where it
first occurs."
The amendment was concurred in.
The fourth amendment of the Senate was read,
as follows :
After the word " entitled," in the first section, strike out
the following:
"For twelve months'service, to one hundred and sixty
acres of land; for sn months" service, to eighty acres of
land ; and for three months' service, to Jorty acres ^fland."
Andmseitin hen thereof the following:
"To lands, as follows: Those who engaged to serve
twelve months, or during the w. r, and actually served nine
mouths, shall receive one hundred and sixty acres ; and
those who engaged to serve six months, and actually served
four months, shall receive eighty acre#; and those who en-
gaged to serve for any, or an indefinite period, and actually
served one month, shall receive forty acres: Provided, That
wherever any officer or soldier was honorably du-charged in
consequence" of disability in the service, beiore the expira-
tion of his period of service, he shall teceive the amount of
which he would have been entitled if he had served t&e full
period for which Ire bad engaged to serve."
The question was put on this amendment, and
it was agreed to without a division.
The fifth amendment of the Senate. In the pro-
viso to section one, insert after the word "any"
the word " military."
This amendment was concurred in.
The sixth amendment of the Senate was read,
as follows:
