920
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
May 6,
read. It was done with a view of securing popu-
Jarity for the work in advance. I say, therefore,
that I must consider the whole work as stamped
with those moral sentiments to which 1 object, as
I must to everything with which Mr. Greeley has
any connection.^ I am not willing, for one, to con-
sent that Mr. Greeley shall perform, on any occa-
sion, such a task as that to which he has been called
on this occasion. 1 am unwilling that the Govern-
ment shall appropriate a dollar to the publica-
tion of a report, the first part of which has seen
the light under circumstances so suspicious. I
am perfectly aware that the proposition before
us is to appropriate money for the publication of
the remainder of the report, but I believe we ought
not to have appropriated a dollar for the publica-
tion of any part of it. I believe the Committee on
Printing, if they could have fully investigated the
whole subject before they entered upon it so far as
they have, would have pronounced the whole book
unworthy the consideration of the country, and
have recommended, instead of the publication of
any part of it, its being burnt up, if necessary,
even by the common hangman. What is this first
volume ? A considerable part of it proves to be a
long paper, an extensive production, that appeared
in a periodical of February, 1849. It comprises 1
do not know how many pages, but at least forty
or fifty, or more, which was published long
ago in the Franklin Journal, and has been read by
all who felt inclined to do so. Now it is gravely
brought forward again, and the American Senate
is called upon to reprint this production of the
Commissioner, for the purpose of extending his
own fame, and giving some eciat to those under
whose auspices he professes to act. I will, how-
ever, say, that if the Senator from Arkansas will
assure me that he has looked into the remaining
volume to ascertain whether it contains informa-
tion really valuable, 1, for one, from the high re-
spect which I entertain for that gentleman, am
willing to vote for the proposition. But I undei-
Btand from him, and other members of the com-
mittee, that they have no means of judging as to its
character that are not possessed by us all, and that
they are not prepared to state what the report will
be, or to assert, from their own knowledge, that the
second part of the report will be at all more val-
uable than the first part, to which I have referred.
It may contain valuable information, as has been
stated; but 1 am unwilling, from an examination
of the first part of his report, and from a slight ac-
quaintance with the Commissioner, to believe that
Ins judgment is so far to be relied on as to justify ;
us |in piesuming that the agricultural pornon of
the work, is better digested and of a more valua-
ble character than that part of it which has been :
published. Distrusting his judgment, as I do, and
regarding him as among the most visionary of :
men, I am not willing to rely upon his judgment ;
in these matters. By way of showing how vision- ;
ary a man he is, I will read an extract or two j
from his work. See how he dashes on in the !
following paragraph, which 1 will read from the j
twelfth page; ;
"The faculties of those who talk of hunt* to knowledge,
and to the fruits of knowledge, ate nascent Tiicv have j]
neither full nor half-grown ideas of man's powers, and the j|
miracles in agriculture,chemistry, and mechanics, he has to i|
perform. Would they judge of* the future bv tlic past, or
determine what is to he by what isr Do they think'the
earui is to remain as now—the greater part and moors, dark ! |
forest*, and morals ? A larger, much larger, propoition oi 'j
their own species, too, is destitute of mental and moral cui- j
tivanon! Why,man is only enu ring on hi> task—by a few '
preliminary and seatteiedexpenments preparing himself to lj
set about it." ;
On the 15th and 16th pages I find the following: j
" There is. moreover, a morality belonging to the arts that
as yet has been little heeded; a lever, hammer, pulley j
wedge, and screw, are actual representations of great ijatural '
truths, arid the men who reveal them may be said tfllhave !
been inspired. The divine affl.uus flows through many
channels. In fact,all truths are allied; the decalogue being
an exponent of moral, as our mechanical inventions of
physical, and axioms in science of philosophical vermes;
hence, whatever science discover* and art applies i« djvine,
and ultimately tends to eiadicate evil; indeed, ail teach-
ings begin with the arts, and noth ng is more certain than
that,all must end with them. If we glance at existing na-
tions, we invariably find those that excel in aits and sciences
most deeply imbued with moral principles, the foremost and 1
inost active m the benevolent enterprises of the age.
"Invention.-, then, are revealers and expounders of the
practical doctrines ot civilization, and more than any other -
class have they shown us how to lessen life's evils and mul- ;.
tiply its good. The connection of morak with expanding '
science and art, and the necessity of their union to the ele- :
vation ot the species, are beginning to elicit attention. ft h I:
now perceived that deviations from principles of science— ■
either m agriculture, arts, manufactures, in processes or f
pursuits of any kind—are errors ; and alt errors, in an ex- :
tended sense, are sins—are violations of Divine laws. And, 1
though sins of ignorance, they carry, and will forever carry,
their punishment with them—viz: in imperfect results, and
the infliction of unnecessary inconvcnicnce, expenses, and
toil, in spending strength for naught. 1
" Not till mechanical as well as ethical science is fully .
explored, and universally applied, can man attain his des- •
tiny, and evil be swept ftoin the earth." |
I will only read one extract more: j
" It is irrational to suppose that happiness of any kind ,
can he realized except as the reward of efforts  o attain it.
In thi • respect ants and angels ate probably alike. Every •
living tiling ts furnished with organs adapted to its nature, <
and th« theatre of its existence; and on the proper applied- ,
lion of these its enjoyments and their augmentation are .
made to depend. Knowledge comes not to us by intuition,
and the tenderest insect perishes that u*es not the means i
given it to live. All are ordained to preserve fife by the dil- :
igenteinployment of their faculties, and all aie urged theie-
to hy the most pressing of natural requirements. The spirit ,
of the injunction that man should earn Ins bread by the (
sweat of his brow, was therefore nothing new, since it had j
been impo-ed as a condition of life and of the enjoyment of i
life from the beginning. Indeed H is not conceivable how J
any of earth's denizens oould have been disciplined for the j
work assigned them, had not their energies been stimulated |
into action by privations. Man certainly could not, as the ;
story of Eden proclaims; philosophy and experience unite ;
in declaring that, had he b en encircled with perpetual ease 1
and abundance, the sloth and the glutton, with a mind tor- j
pid as in zoophyte^ bad become united in him His sin ;
was indolence, and in a national point of view that in- 1
eludes all oth«n ; it is one for which there is no forgive- j
nesft—can be .none. He preferied, and so have his unre- j
claimed and half-reclaimed descendants to this day, to live j
on spontaneous food rather than earn it by 1 >bor as com- :
manded; hence it was a blessing to expel him—a curse to j
lethnnstav. Had he been permitted in loose idleness to j
live, rudt nature's state had been our siate to-day— j
" With brother biutes the human brute had grazed." j
"Work is a real blessing, then. At least, so this j
Commissioner of Patents has found out. Some j
very sage views on the origin of man and other j
animals are then presented; more poetically grand, \
more brilliant, more fanciful, more Byronic than i
any of the most fanciful poems that Lord Byron i
ever produced: f
"As with man, <50 with all terrestrial creatures. None j
came until the earth was ready to leceive them. Every gen- j
eration had its Eden, in which it> first representatives burst <
into being, and were nourished till strong and numerous
enough to emigrate."
Such is the stuff which fills the first part of this
report, as published in the city of New York,
after being looked over by Mr. Horace Greeley,
admired by him, and commended by him to the
favorable consideration of the Congress of the
United States and of the nation at large. I con-
clude, sir, as I began, by saying, that what I have
seen of the first part of this work called the Report
J of the Commissioner of Patents, admonishes me,
j m the absence of any specific statement on the
! part of the committee, of their knowledge of the
! intrinsic value of the remainder of the report, that
| it is highly unsafe and impolitic for us to vote one
single dollar for the publication of the second part.
■ I think that, for the present at least, until we have
, a practical man in the office of the Commissioner
i of Patents, it would be better to decline publishing
i any more Patent Office Reports.
Mr. RUSK, i desire to say a few words before
the vote is taken. I do not intend to enter into
any defence of Mr. Greeley, or of the Commis-
sioner of Patents, or of that part of his report
which has been read and commented on. So far
as the observations of the Senator from Missis- |
sippi go, upon that portion of the report, it is
locking the stable door after the horse is gone, it :
is already done.
Mr. FOOTE. I am sorry to interrupt my '
friend, but he will find that what I read from was
part first of the Patent Office Report. What it is
now proposed to print is part second of the same
report. :
Mr. RUSK. All that part which has been read .
and commented on has been already printed, and
is not. now before the Senate. The Committee on
Printing, as i understand it, now propose to pub-
lish the agricultural information accompanying the
Patent Office Report. What the Senator hum
Mississippi has read to the Senate has nothing on <
earth to do with what is now proposed to be pub- '
lished by the Senate. The manner in winch this \
agricultural information is collected, I understand, I
is this: There is a clerk in the Patent Office who j
superintends the collection of information of this I
kind; by sending circulars all over the country to
the most intelligent farmers, planters, and others 1
engaged in agricultural pursuits Answers are 1
sent by the individuals, addressed to the Commis-
sioner of Patents, giving the information sought. !
It is these answers which it is now sought, by the
report of the Committee on Printing, to have
printed by the Senate. Well, sir, floes informa-
tion collected from the agricultural societies, and
from the most intelligent farmers and planters all
over the country, North and South, East and
West, amount to nothing—convey no information?
and is it of no use at all, simply because it was di-
rected to a man who writes rather poetically? It
does not change the character of the information at
all because the Commissioner writes the report and
Mr. Greeley publishes it.
Mr FOOTE. I must still say that no member
of the Printing Committee who has examined into
this report has yet risen who is prepared to vouch
for the value of the contents of the remaining por-
tion of it. I may, perhaps, sir, as a friend of mine
suggests, have been guilty of some inconsistency
about this matter. 1 may, in accordance with the
course I have always puisued heretofore, have ex-
pressed my willingness to appropriate money for
the publication of the first part of this report.
Certain it is that, if I did so, it was at a period an-
terior to the examination of the work which I have
subsequently made. I have become subsequently
satisfied that the first part at least is valueless; that
it is worse than valueless, and that the publication of
it by this Government will be disgraceful to the
Government. Being thus perfectly satisfied, after
such an examination, I for one felt bound to inquire
of the committee whether or not they had ex-
amined the second part, and were prepared to
vouch for its intrinsic value. They answer no; but
they still urge the appropriation, and upon what
grounds? Upon the ground that it may contain
valuable information. The Senator from Texas
[Mr. Rusk] has not examined, and cannot vouch
positively for the value of the remaining portion
of the report, but he says it may be valuable.
Why? Because it is devoted to some extent to
agriculture. Well, sir, the first part of the report
is devoted to the progress of the mechanic arts,
and so forth. This first part, sir, has avery lofty
title, too. No man certainly is more inclined than
i am to place a proper value upon mechanical oc-
cupations, and I hope my friend from Texas will
join me in that respect. So far as the title of the
first part of this work was concerned, we had a
right to expect something valuable. We have
been disappointed. No one undertakes to defend
it. It is conceded to be a very poor production,
and .yet the Commissioner of Patents, I under-
stand, is a mechanic by original occupation. If
capable of being practical upon any subject in the
world, it must therefore be upon mechanic arts;
yet that part of the production of his intellect
which is devoted to the mechanic arts is confess-
edly a most signal and absurd failure. What,
therefore, is the ground for the assumption of the
Senator from Texas [Mr. Ri sk] thauhe remain-
der of the report must necessarily be so valuable
as to justify us in making the appropriation now-
asked at your hands? What i.-> the title of the
remainder of the report5 " Report of the Com-
missioner of Patents for 1849, part 2d; Agricul-
ture." is the Commissioner of Patents "better
acquainted with agriculture than with the mechanic
arts ?
Mr. RUSK. Will the Senator yield me the
floor for a moment?
Mr. FOOTE. Certainly, for an explanation.
Mr. RUSK. I take it for granted that, follow-
ing the rule which has been adopted for some
years past, this poition of the report contains in-
formation upon the subject of agriculture, sent to
the Patent Office from all parts of the country in
reply to the circulars to which I referred when I
was last up. The information having been ob-
tained in this manner from faunirs and others,
and afterwards prepaied as in former yiars, by a
clerk in the Patent Office, employed for tluu pur-
pose, I take it for gianted that there is tioihirj of
the Commissioner's work in it at all, and nothing
but the information which has been collected from
all quartets of the country.
Mr. FOOTE. If my friend be correct, the re-
mainder of the wo'-k id not the llopoit o( ihe Com-
missioner of Patenta at all. They now claim that
the remainder of the report shall bo published, be-
cause it is not the production of the Commissioner
of Patents; it is the production of a cleik. If it
be not what it purports to be—if u be not the Re-
port %f the Commissioner on Patents, then let the
gentleman introduce u resolution to publish the
