92£
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
May 6,
doubt the Commissioner of Patents will be deeply
mollified at ihe honoiable gentleman's supposing
that he has left this pifftion of the work to the
clerk, without bringing his superintending power
inio action, and exercising his faculties to the full
extent in pre pan rig this report for publication.
Mr. BORLAND. J am sorry to trouble the
Senate any further with this subject, but, as the
introducer of the report, I desire to say a few
words. I do not think the Senator from Missis-
sippi [Mr. Foote] has quite done justice to the
first (loriion of the report. He has taken up and
commented on only a very limited portion of it,
containing some speculative views of the Commis-
sioner of Patents. I am not aware that there is
any responsibility on me, nor do 1 intend to defend
or justify any of the speculative views of the Com-
missioner of Patents. The report, however, which
it is now proposed to print, is, as has been stated,
in a great measure, the. production of acleik,and
consists chiefly of information upon agricultural
subjects,-furnished to the Patent Office by intelli-
gent farmers of ihe country. On the organization
of the Patent Office, there was a clerk appointed,
whose business it was to send nut circulars, to
which responses are received from various parts
of the country, and then compile the information
thus received and put it in a proper form for pub-
lication. The same clerk now employed in this,
duty-has been engaged in it for a number of years,
and has a good deal of knowledge upon these sub-
jects, and has had a good deal of experience in the
particular branch committed to his care. Whether
the Commissioner has put any speculative views
into this portion of the woik i cannot say, be-
cause I have not examined into it. It would have
been wholly impossible for any member of the
committee to have looked over the whole of this
large document, which will make over six hundred
pages when printed,especially when the Committee
on Priming is expected to report so speedily.
But, even should there be some speculative theo-
ries introduced into the report, it doubtless con-
tains a vast amount of useful information, and I
have confidence enough in the intelligence, virtue,
and patriotism of the farmers and planters of the
United Stales to have no fear of their being in-
jured or misled by anything of the sort.
Mr. DAWSON. I do not desire to make a
speech, but merely a statement. The Commis-
sioner of  Patents was of course selected on ac-
count of his knowledge of mechanics. The gen-
tleman who has been alluded to as a clerk in that
department is one of the most competent men upon
thissubject in America. He is theeditorof an agri-
cultural paper published at the Soulh, although he
is obliged by his office to reside here. And as to the
characier of the work, it is probably better than it
would be if written by the chief of the Patent Office.
I make this statement merely to-justify the course
pursued. It is not to be expected that a man con-
versant with mechanics should bea practical farmer
or plainer, and he is necessarily compelled to seek
the aid of those who have a better knowledge ol
agiiculture than he has, and lie lias certainly se-
lecied a very competent person to aid him.
The question was then taken on the amendment
offered by Mr. Davis, of Mississippi, which was
rejected, as follows:
YKAS—Me.-fi-<. Atchison, Benton, Briatit, Butler, Clem-
em, L><tvis ut Lmw-on, Eimore, Foote, Hun-
ter. Kii'g, Mas-oil, Whueou.b. and Yuhe—14.
NAYS—M^ri. Badger, B.tfdu m, Berrien Borland, Brad-
bui\ ,Ca*>, l have, Claike, Ciaj,Cooler,Coi win, Dick n>on,
0udji' r  Wisconsin D  di*e of' luvva, D< ugl.v«, Down.-,
Feieb, Green**, Halt'. Houston. Jones, Mangum,Miller, Mot-
ion, AWri-, Peaiee. Phelps Pi at, Ru-k. Sewatd, Smith,
Sou.e, Spt nance, Stir gton, Turney, and Wdlkei—36.
The report of the committee was then agreed to.
CALIFORNIA.
Mr. YCJLEE submitted the following resolution,
which hes over oi.e day:
Resolved, Thauhe President of the United States be re-
quited to t ui t-i-h to Ultimate copies ot ail cor re-pond, nee
ln'tv\«fti miv 01 the Executive Drjiaiunr tits and General
P> rMf'i i F. Snmh and Bng.idtt r General B. Riley, or Htln-r
ot them, which ha> not been htretoioie ( oUJiiiuiiK ated to the
S< imt<.
Respired,further, That the President he requested to fur-
M?-h to t!>e m iMte Mil ihe information exiting hi any of the
Fx' tutive Dej'.uimi-tits r^sp* Ming ihe ti.n^HciMxts of the
O'livrMioi, ui C.ihiori oi, t.j. w hk li tbf piojeet or a State hov-
ernm ht v\n> pie|>ar< d, ami partunlarl) atop\ ol the jour-
nal *.f .-aid CoitVH hnn,ai.d oi Mich ot tin- nrdiiMm e*- adopted
bv it tn.n in anv vv«ij have betn coiiunuitKUied to any ol
the 5-a-d d< pamnetiK
ResoJi ed,fxiil, er, That the President of the Umtul States
be requeue the Senate if the surrender of Gen-
eral Riley, to the jurisdiction and civil authority of the gov- j
ernmntt made bv th« aforesaid convention, whs by order of i
the Executive of the United Sidles; and, tf not, whether the ;
proclamation ot General Riley, recognizing the said State f
govermm nt, aud frubnniung «o its jurisdiction, has received 1
tike sanction of Ihe Exteuuve.
NOTICES OF BILLS.
Mr. ATCHISON gave notice that he would on
to morrow, or softie subsequent day, ask leave to
introduce the following bills:
A bill for the relief of the heirs of Nicholas
Lanchance and others.
A bill for the payment of a debt due to the heirs
of Antoine Peltome.
BOARD OF ACCOUNTS.
The Senate,.as in Committee of the Whole, pro-
ceeded to the consideration of the special order,
viz: the bill to establish a board of accounts.
This bill was btought in on notice by Mr. Hun-
ter, on the 23d of January, was read twice, and
referred to the Committee on Finance; it was re-
ported back on the 28th February with several
amendments, which were the pending question.
Mr. HUNTER, m a speeeh of near an'hour's
duration, explained the objects and advantages of
the bill. [See his speech in the Appendix.]
The amendments submitted by the committee
were then adopted.
Mr. BRADBURY then moved to strike out of
the original bill all after a few lines of the firstsec-
tion and substitute therefor several sections of his
bill, which, on his motion, was ordered to be
printed a few days ago.
The amendment was read by the Secretary.
Mr. BRADBURY. It may perhaps be neces-
sary that I should explain how the bill will stand
if the amendment is adopted. I will first say, how-
ever, that 1 concur in the object which the Senator
from Virginia has in view. 1 think the establish-
ment of such a board as is proposed, by which
ihe rights of the United States and of the claim-
ants would both be carefully guarded, would be
one of the greatest reforms that can be introduced
in regard to the transaction of a portion of the
business that comes before Congress. The amend-
ment provides, first, that an attorney for the Uni-
ted States, representing the Government before the
board, shall be appointed by the President, by and
with the advice and consent of the Senate. It
makes it the duty of the attorney to prepare all
cases on the part of the Government for bearing
before the board, and toarguethem when prepared.
To cause testimony to be taken when necessary to
secure the interests of the United States. It also
authorizes the board to appoint commissioners to
Uke ustimony to be used in the investigation of
claims that may come before it. It provides that
in taking testimony to be used in support of any
claim before said commissioners, opportunity shall
be given to the United States to file interrogatories,
or by attorney to examine the witnesses. It fur-
ther provides that it shall not be lawful for any
member of Congress, nor any person holding any
office under the United States, or in the employ of
any of the departments of the Government, to be
retained or employed as agent, attorney, or solicit-
or in the prosecution of any claims against the
United States.
It contains the further provision, that no com-
munication, oral or in writing, touching any claim
before the board, shall be made to any member
thereof unless ;n open court. It provides, also,
that the board shall, at the commencement of each
session of Congress, and at the commencement of
each month during the session, report to Congress
the facts found by them in regard to each of the
several claims referred to and acted upon by them,
with their opinion in relation to the same; and it is
made their duty to prepare a bill or bills in those
cases which shall have received the favorable de-
cision of the board. Another provision I will
notice IS, that the reports of the board, arid the
hills reported by them, shall, if not finally acted
upon during the session of Congress to which the
reports are made, be continued' from session to
session, and from Congress to Congress, until the
same shall be finally acted upon. When claims
have been reporied upon adversely, they shall be
placed upon the calendar, and if the decision of
the boaid shall be confirmed by Congress, that
decision shall be conclusive; and the board shall
not at any subsequent period consider such claims,
unless such reasons shall be presented to the board '
as, by the rules of common law or chancery in
suits between individuals, would furnish sufficient
ground f r granting a new trial.
It will be peiceived, Mr. President, that the bill,
with the amendments, will very carefully.guard
the interests of the United States, as well as those
of private claimants. The great object is, to
secure a careful examination of all claims, in order
to ascertain truly the merits of each case. It is
designed to adopt here, to some extent, the same
mode of ascertaining the facts, and arriving at the
truth, which is presented in ordinary investiga-
tions in the courts of law. The testimony will
not be, as is now the case, ex parte. Each side
will have the benefit of a cross-examination of the
witnesses; the Government will be heard by its
attorney; the witnesses will be known, for the
bill provides that when testimony is to betaken, it
shall be taken as nearly as is convenient to the
residence of the witnesses. After the case is pre-
pared and presented for hearing, ther board will
have the advantage, which the committees of Con-
gress have not, of time for a careful examination
of the facts, and of the principles upon which the
claim rests. It is believed that under the provis-
ions of this bill, justice will be most readily done
to honest claimants, and that fraudulent and un-
founded claims will not have that opportunity to
escape detection and to pass Congress which they
now have. It will be perceived that the bill does
not propose to make the action of the board final.
It provides that they shall report to Congress.
I think that this is as far as it would be wise
to go in the first instance; as there might be objec-
tions to submitting to the discretion of any board
the allowance of claims of the magnitude likely to
come before them. The board, 1 apprehend, will
prove a great saving of the time and labor of Con-
gress, and be of essential service, although their
decision is not final. Of the numerous claims
which arise, it will be found, on a careful investi-
gation, that not less than one-third of them are
utterly groundless, and the report and examina-
tion of such a board would put an end to that class
of claims. Another class, perhaps equally numer-
ous, will be found upon examination to be just
and clear from objection. It is not an unusual
thing to find a claim that has received the exam-
ination of committees of both Houses of Congress,
| who have unanimously and repeatedly agreed
j upon its equity and justice, fail in its passage for
i want of time. I recollect, when a member of the
J Committee of Claims, finding cases in which there
i had been six, seven, or eight favoiable reports,
and to which there was no objection, repeated)y
passing one House and being lost for this reason
in the other. This class of claims aiso will, by aid
of the board, be easily disposed of. So that the
labor of Congress will be mainly confined to (he
claims remaining, not embraced in either of those
classes, where the principles are not so clearly es-
i tablished, and which will require ihe exercise of a
i sound discretion on the part of Congress.
i It is time, Mr. President, nay, it is necessary,
|; that something should be done. It is impossible
; that Congrtss can undertake the investigation of
■ the numerous claims that are coming before it,
with any hope of doing justice to the Government
or to claimants. The committees to whom ihey
are referred, even if they devoted their entire time
to the. investigation in the committee rooms, would
i find themselves unable to wade through the mass
of testimony p-esenled to them, and arrive at a
. result saiisfactory even to themselves. The testi-
mony is wholly ex parte; the witnesses are un-
known, and frequently their statements are in the
handwriting of the attorney who prosecutes the
: claim. The committees having but liule time to
devote to these investigations, in consequence of
the piessure of other duties, have, if possible, less
inducements, for they perceive that after they shall
have examined the cases andt reported thereon,
Congress will be unable to take up and act upon
one-third of the reported bills. It is due to pri-
vate claimants whose claims are just, and due to
the Government, that the Treasury may be guard-
ed against unfounded claims, that some better
method than now exists should be provided for
their investigation. ! can conceive of nothing that
promises better than the board proposed in the bill
of the honorable Senator from Virginia, as pro-
I posed to be amended, and I therefore hope it «il!
[ meet with early and favorable consideration.
I wish to say, that at the last session of Con.
