THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE
PUBLISHED AT WASHINGTON, BY JOHN'C. RIVES.—TERMS $3 FOR THIS SESSION,
31st Congress, 1st Session.
SATURDAY, SEPTEMBER 28, 1850.
New Series No. 127.
« For the payment of the awards of General William B.
Mitchell, commissioner undei the treaty of Chicago ot the
26th of September, 1833, with the Pottawatomies, reported
by ium to the Secretaiy of War an the 23th of January,
1841, as adjudicated and approved by the said Secretary in
4iiss decision of the 3d of March, 1841, the sum of $6&,589 32."
Mr. THOMPSON, of Mississippi, said that he
had been instructed by the Committee of Ways
and Means to recommend that this amendment.be
disagreed to.
Mr. FITCH. Yes; and without any investi-
gation.
The question being on concurring in the amend-
ment—
Mr. FITCH called for tellers. They.were or-
dered, and Messrs. King, of New Jersey, and
Johnson, of Arkansas, were appointed.
The question being taken, the tellers reported—
ayes 50, noes 62.
So the amendment was non-concurred in.
The following amendments of the Senate were
severally considered and disagreed to:
No. 67. "Sec.—, And be it further enacted, That the sum
•of $5,000 be and is hereby appropriated, to be expended un-
der the direction of the President of the United States in
payment tor the service* and expenses of such person or
person* as have been engaged by the provisional government
of Utah in convejing communications to and from the
United Slates, and the purchase of presents for such of the
Indian tribes as the peace and q.uetude of the country re-
quires."
No. 68 " Sec. —. And he it further enacted, That the ac-
counting officers of the United States Treasury be and are
hereby directed to audit and settle the accounts of the com-
putes of Texas mounted rangers., commanded by Captains
B. F. Hill, J. M. Smith, J. Robert*, J S. S. Sutton, S. P.
Ross, fl. K. McCulloch, J. W. Johnson, and C. Blaekwell,
who were retained in, or called into service by the Governor
of said State, and out of any money in the Treasury not
otherwise appiopriated."
No. 69. " Sec. —. Awl be it further enacted, That the Sec-
retary of the Treasury cause to be paid to David Taylor, as
the lesal iepresentativ?>of his wife and children,the amount
due to them under the Cherokee treaty of 1835 6,- tor and on
account of a reservation of land to which they were entitled
under a previous treaty, according to the settlement of the
. claim for the same made by the Second Auditor of the
Treasury, pursuant to an opinion of the Witornev General of
the United States, da-ed July 7,18*6, deducting whatever
amount may have been p.nd to said David Taylor under the
above-mentioned treaty, and on account of Jus life-estate in-
terest in said reservation "
No. 70- " Sec. —. •find be it farther enacted, That no pay-
ment to any Indian residing in the State of Noi th Carolina I
be made until a census be taken which shall exhibit those j
who run aimed eastat the tune of the emigration, and who ,
are enti'ted to share m the per capita distribution under the
treaty of 1836: Provided, Th ;tno fuither payment be made
to the Indians of NTo th Carolina under the act of the 2Dth
of June, 1848, until said census shall be returned to the de-
partment; and that the sum of $53 33y, setapaitfor any In-
dian who shall have died, or who may die, previous to In* or
her emigration, shall he paid to the Cherokee nation: Pro-
vided, That the Secietanes of the Tieasury and of the In-
terior be and are hereby authorized and directed io reserve
and cause to be paid out of the moneys to he paid through
their respective depigments to the counsel of the North
Carolina Cherokee?, a reasonable compensation for their
services in prosecuting the claims of said Cherokees against
the United States."
All the amendments having been acted upon—
The committee (on motion by Mr. Thompson,
of Mississippi) rose, and the chairman reported to
the House that the committee had concurred in
isome of the amendments of the Senate, and non-
concurred in others.
And the question being on concurring with the
Committee of the Whole on the state of the Union
in its action on the said several amendments—
Mr. THOMPSON, of Mississippi, asked the
previous question.
Some conversation followed between Messrs.
STANTON7, of Tennessee, THOMPSON, of Mis-
sissippi, WHITE, and the Speaker, as to the
mode in which the vote on the amendments should
be taken.
Mr. THOMPSON, of Pennsylvania, having:
called for a separate vote on amendment No. 31 of
the Senate, which had been agreed to with an
amendment by the Committee of the Whole on
the state of the Union, as follows:
" Provided, That said money shall he paid by the United
States and received by the Indian's, on condition that the
sum shall hem lull dischaigeof the amount thus ltnpiop-
erly charged to said treaty fund: Provided,fuither, Tnat in
no case shall any money hereby appropriated be paid to any
a eritof*a«d Indians, or to any other person or peisons than
the Indian or Indians to whom it is due per cajwJa"—
The question was put, and the amendment as
amended by the committee was agreed to, on
count by tellers, by ayes 77, noes not counted.
Mr. FITCH called for a separate vote on the
6.5th amendment of the Senate, which had been
disagreed to by the Committee of the Whole on
the state of the Union.
The amendment provided for the payment of
$88,589 32, the awards of General William B
Mitchell, under the treaty of Chicago, with the
Pottawatomies.
The question being on concurring with the
amendment of the Senate,
Mr. FITCH called for the yeas and nays; which
were not ordered.
Tellers were then called for, and ordered; and
Messrs. Mason and Breck were appointed.
The question was then taken, and the amend-
ment was rejected—ayes 61, noes 66.
The other action of the Committee of the Whole
on the state of the Union was concurred in.
BOOKS TO MEMBERS.
Mr- STANTON, of Kentucky, asked leave to
offer the following; resolution:
Resolved, That the Cleik of the House of Representatives
furnish and deliver to each of the members and delegates of
the House of the present Congress who have not already
received them, and pay for the same out of the contingent
fund of the House, such books as have been furnished to
members of the Twenty-eighth, Twenty-ninth, and Thirtieth
Congress, including to all membeis and delegates of the.
present session, the residue of the eighth volume of the
Statutes of the United States already published, the ninth
volume of that work, and the index; ateo, the Collected
Opinions of the Attorneys General of the United States, pub-
lished under the Direction of H. D. Gilpin, E-q., late Attor-
ney General; the Finance Reports, which have been pre-
pared in obedience to the act of Congress of May 10, 18't0 ;
and the Annals of Congress, in six volumes: Piovided,
That this shall not authorize, the reprinting of any of said
books: And provided, farther, That no woik thus author-
ized to he furnished shall he obtained or delivered by the
Clerk, unless he shall he able to procure a sufficient num-
ber of copies thereof to furm^h a complete set to each
member and delegate entitled thereto; and that the. Clerk
of the House procure from the publishers, and pay for the
same out of the contingent fund of the I louse, one hundred
copies of the Congressional Globe and Appendix, and of the
Register ofD^ba^s, and th* Annals of Congress, and place
the same in the Libraiy «f the House, for the use of the
membeis thereof, under the regulations prescribed |for the
use of books in said Library.
Objection was made.
Mr. STANTON moved a suspension of the
rules to enable him to offer the resolution.
The motion was put and agreed to.
So the rules were suspended.
The question being on agreeing to the resolu-
tion—
Mr STANTON. I desire simply to remark,
that the money has already been appropriated for
this purpose. The resolution is a simple direc-
tion to the Clerk to purchase the books, 1 move
the previous question.
The previous question was seconded.
And the main question was ordered.
The yeas and nays were asked and refused.
Tellers were asked and* refused.
The question was taken, and decided in the
affirmative.
So the resolution was agreed to.
Mr. STANTON, of Kentucky, moved to re-
consider the vote, and to lay the motion on the
table; which latter motion was agreed to.
COLLECTION DISTRICTS, &C.
Mr. McLANE, of Maryland, asked the consent
of the House to take up Senate bill No. 315, con-
taining a provision for the establishment of a col-
lection district in Ciiifornia, and providing for
reclamation and indemnity for seizures improp-
erly made. The matter had been presented to the
Committee on Commerce and pressed upon their
attention by the department. He hoped the House
would consent to take it up and act upon it.
The SPEAKER. Remarks can only be made
by unanimous consent.
Objection was made to the gentleman's proceed-
ing and to the motion being entertained.
Mr. McLANE moved a suspension of the rules
to enable him to move that the bill be considered.
The title of the bill was read, viz:
"An act to create additional collection districts in the
State of California, and to change the existing districts
therein."
The motion was put and agreed to.
So the rules were suspended.
And the bill being before the House, and the
question being on ordering it to a third reading,
The bill was read a first and second time by its
title, and was then read through.
Mr. McLANE, of Maryland, offered the fol-
lowing amendment as an additional section:
Sec. 5 And be itfuriker en<utcd, That all the territory,
haibors, rivers, and wateis, on the eastern shore of the State
of Wisconsin, bordering on Lake Michigan and lying south
of the forty-fourth parallel of north latitude, heretofore em-
braced in the dt>Jiict of Chicago, as are contained within
the limits and jurisdiction of the Slate of Wisconsin, shall
be,andaie hereby, constituted a collection district to be
called the district of Milwaukee, and a poit of entry for
said de-tnet is hereby estab'ished at Milwaukee; and Souih-
port, Racine, Shebojgan, G-een Bay, aRd Dep6re, shall-be
ports of delivery only. And the town of Waukegan, in the
State of'Illinois, in the collection district of Chicago, shall
be a port of delivery also. And all the territory, harbors,
rivers and waters, on the eastern shore of the Stale of Wis-
consin, bordering on Lake Michigan and Green Bay, lj)rig
north of thesaid forty-lourth parallel of latitude, shall be,
and the same are hereby attached to, and made part of ilie
collection district of Mackuuiw, in the State of Michigan.
Sec. 6. And be it further enacted, That there shall be ap-
pointed in pursuance of law, a collector of the customs tor
the aforesaid district, who shall reside at the port of entry
created by this act, togcthei with such other subordinate
officers of the custom?, as aie provided for_by law, and
ihe compensation of said collector shall be pet annum,
together with such commissions and lees as are authorized
by existing laws.
Sec. 7. Arid be it further enacted, That deputy collectors
of the customs shall be-appointed and compensated for their
services in the mode pre-ctibed by existing laws, to reside
at the r< specuve ports of delivery constituted by this act,
and said officers shall exeicise all the poweis and duties
vested in deputy collcctors of the customs under existing
law*.
Sec. 8. And be it further enacted, That all that part of
the tei ritory of the United Stairs Ijmg nonh offhe northern
boundary line of the States of Wisconsin and Iowa, and
east of the Rocky Mountain®, is hereby created a collection
district, to he called the Minnesota district, whereof Pem-
bina shall be the port of entry ; and a collector shall be ap-
pointed, who shall give the usual bond rf quired of su<.h
officers, and who shall be entitled to a salary ol twelve hun-
dred dollars per annum,and who shall not receive any other
compensation whatever in ihe shape of extra allowance or
Jees of any description whatsoever.
Sec. 9. And be it further enacted, That the Secretary of
the Tieasury ts hereby authonz- d, at his discretion, to ap-
point a deputy collectoi, or an inspector of the customs for
said district, at a rate of compensation not to exceed three
dollars per day when he is employed.
Slc. 10. And be it further enacted, That the town or
Jeflvrsonville, in the S'tate or' Indiana, shall be attached to
and made part of the port of delivery as now existing at
Louisvi le, in the State of Kentucky,and goods i«npoit*d
into the poit of Louisville in pursuance of existing laws,
and destined for JefFersonville, may be landed and ware-
honied under the provisions of ihe warehousing act of the
6th of August, 1846, at JefFeisonville, under the custody and
control of the surveyor ot the poit of Louisul'e
Sec. U. And belt further en-icted, That the town of
Memphis, m ihe State ol Tennessee, shall b* a port of de-
livery, and shall be subject to the same regulations and re-
strictions as other ports of delivery in the United fctatest
and there shall be appointed a surveyor of the cus-
toms to reside at tiie said poit, who shall, in addition
to Ins own duties, also peiform the duties and receive the
salary and emolument of surve>ors presorted by the act
of Congress passed on the 2d of March, 11331, providing
for the payment of dimes on imported goods at eettain
ports therein mentioned, the same being entitled "An act
allowing the duties on loieign merchandise imported into
Pittsburg, Wheeling, Cincinnati, Louisville, St. Louis,
Nashville, and Natchez, to be nctivedand paid at those
places; and the said town of Memphis and the said port
of delmrybe, and the same i> h« r< by, annexed to and
made part of the collection district of New Orleans, and
all the privileges and facilities afiorded to Pittsburg, and
Wheeling, and Cincinnati, &c«, by the act <>l Conauss of
2d of March. 1831, b« , and the same aris hereby extended to
said port of Memphis.
Sec. 12 And be it further enacted, That the port of
entrv now existing bv law as the port of entry in the collec-
tion district of MisKwi, Ohio, be, and the same is hereby,
changed and transfer! ed to the town of Toledo, in the State
of Ohio, and all the laws now 1.1 force In reg.ird to s«nd port
of entry in ihe saul collection district of Miami be, and toe
«amt; are hereby, declared to be in full loree, and to apply
to the new poit of entry of Toledo, and the Secretary of the
Treasury be, and he.it> hereby, authorized and directed to
cause the mchives and custom-house of said district ot
Miami to be transferred to the town of Toledo.
Sec. 13. And be it further enacted, That the town ot
Chclse-i, in the State of Massachusetts, shall be attached to
and made part of the poit of entry and collection di<tuctof
Boston and Charle-down, in the State of Massachusetts, as
now existing bv law, and goods unpolled into ihe port of
Boston and Chs\rl«sto\\ n, and destined lor the portof Chel-
sea, maybe lauded and warehoused under the provisions of
the w an housing act ot ihe 6th of August, Ib4b, at Chelsea,
under the custody and contioloftUe collectors o Bos on
and CharJestown, and that the Secretary of the Irtasuiy
127
