1850.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
925
Mr. BINGHAM raised the point that the
amendment was not in order.
The CHAIRMAN overruled the objection,
stating1 that the amendment was very clearly in
order under the 53d rale.
The question being taken, the amendment of
Mr. Kaufman was rejected.
Mr. WOOD moved to strike out 200 and insert
500. Rejected.
Mr. CARTTER moved to strike out 200 and
insert 225. Rejected.
Mr. McMULLEN moved to strike out 200 and
insert 220. Rejected.
Mr. CROWELL moved to strike out 200 and
insert 275. Rejected.
Mr. DIMM1CK moved to lay the amendment
on the table.
The CHAIRMAN reminded the gentleman that
the motion was not in order in Committee of the
Whole on the state of the Union.
Mr. FOWLER moved to strike out 200 and
insert 240. Rejected.
Mr. CARTTER moved to strike out 200 and
insert the present number of the House—231.
Rejected.
The question recurred on the adoption of Mr.
Vinton's original amendment.
[Cries of "Question, question."]
Mr. BOWIE moved to strike out all after the
word " That," and insert as follows:
The number of Representatives shall he'apportioned
among the several States, so astogiveatlcastonereproscnt-
ative tor every one hundred thousand persons, which num-
ber shall be ascertained and determined accotding to the
second section of the first article of the Constitution.
Mr. B. said: The numerous and various sug-
gestions of members, as to the proper number of
Representatives, show there is no matured opinion
on the subject; and that the proposition of the
honorable member from Ohio is at least prema-
ture.
No question can be more important to the peo-
ple of this country, than the ratio of representation.
It is the very basis of their power and influence,
the Jink of their connection with the Government,
and the great security for the preservation of their
liberties.
Gentleman are mistaken in supposing the ratio
of representation is too small, that the difficulties
of legislation proceed from a too greai number in
this hall. The reverse is the case: the great com-
plaint is, that there are not enough to transact the
public business, or that the constituent cannot
command the time of his Representative.
The representation should be numerous enough
to reflect the interests, sentiments, and sympathies
of the commonwealth. Surely, the interests and
welfare of seventy-five thousand freemen, are
enough to engross the talents and time of one Rep-
resentative.
The true principle is, the smaller the ratio of
representation, the more perfect the representation.
The smaller the number represented, the nearer
the Representative is drawn to his constituents,
and the stricter his accountability. Public opinion
has not been formed upon this subject, our con-
stituents should be consulted, time should be given
for the expression of public sentiment on a matter
of such deep moment.
The amendment I have had the honor to pro-
pose, commits to a future Congress all the im-
portant questions depending upon a new appor-
tionment; and secures full time for examination
and deliberation.
The section and the proposed amendment having
been again read,
The question was taken on the amendment, and
decided in the negative, without a division.
So the amendment was rejected.
Mr. CLARKE moved to amend the amendment,
by inserting fifty-five after the word " hundred,"
so that the amendment would read two hundred
and fifty-five, instead of two hundred.
He said that five minutes was a very short time
to discuss so important a question as that of so
materially changing the ratio of representation.
We have now a representation of two hundred
and thirty-one, and that is predicated on a popu
lation of seventeen millions. Before the census of
I860 is taken, we shall in all probability have a
population of more than double that number; and
the gentleman from Ohio proposes to reduce the
actual representation thirty-one. Since the last
census we have annexed Texas, Oregon, New
Mexico, and California. The duties of Congress
are becoming every day more onerous and com-
plicated; and we are called on to reduce, not
merely the ratio, but the actual number of our
representation. 1 think it ought to be increased.
I would propound a question to each and every
member present, whether his duties are not now
sufficiently onerous? Whether we do not usually
adjourn over from Friday to Monday, so as to
keep up with that business of our constituents
which does not make its appearance in this
House? Are we, any of us, too prompt? Have
any of us any leisure ? For myself, I would say,
that there are as few isms in the district I represent
as in any other—my constituents are as forbearing
in the burdens they impose on me. There are
fewer applicants for office, I believe, and fewer
gratified, I am certain. I still find enough to do,
with the aid of a clerk one day in each week. T wo
hundred and fifty men, selected with the utmost
care, will have none too much or too varied knowl-
edge—none too much moral influence; and, how-
ever industrious and talented, they will have
enough to do.
Wefcre not situated here as if we were legislating
in the midst of some of our great cities, where the
city itself would add much to that stock of knowl-
edge which the Government ought always to have-
at command. Remove from this city the Govern-
ment, and those necessarily connected with it, and
what would be left? The Government is heie ail
m all.
It is said that our numbers now are so large
that it is impossible for us to hear in one quarter
of this House what is going on in another. Is
that fact owing to our numbers? We have voted
various times to-day, and those votes indicate that
there are not over one hundred and forty present;
and still I do not perceive that there is less noise,
less confusion, more attention to business, than
when every seat is filled. One great reason why
there is so little attention to the business of the
House, is to be ascribed to the Hall in which we
sit Here, as in most other matters and things
in this blessed city, comfort, convenience, utility,
are sacrificed to grandeur of appearance. There
is a world of splendid misery; and that is to be
our consolation, and our only consolation, for the
almost total sacrifice of comfort and convenience,
if the architect that constructed this Hall had been
master of his trade, and his design had been to
construct a building in which we could neither
hear nor be heard, his utmost wishes would have
been accomplished—there would have been Jeft
nothing to desire. We must be excused if we do
not listen while others talk; the effort would be
vain; and hence it is t-af we are inattentive. It
is not that we are disorderly, but because it is im-
possible to hear. I wish to see this Government
as nearly Democratic, as nearly the mirror that
reflects public sentiment, and every public senti-
ment fully, as it can be; and I think that we do
not accomplish this object, or approximate toward
it, by the diminution of our numbers.
It has heretofore been a fearful source of com-
plaint that Congress does not reflect the will of the
people; that Executive patronage overrides the '!
popular will; and that when the Representative ]\
has become recreant to his representative duty, the jj
presidential smile compensates, and more than
compensates, for the frown of those who have jj
been misrepresented. j1;
Let us look back for twenty years, from March, •:
1849, to some of the great measures which have ]|
originated with the gravest measures not dreamed I
of by the people. Has not the popular finger
pointed out the men who have been bought up, and j,
how they have been paid, for representing the
President and his policy, rather than the wishes of ■!
the people? Shall we be likely to counteract this i
great evil by diminishing the number of represent-
atives'1 For these reasons, I think it unwise, im-
politic, and dangerous to diminish the number of •
our representation.
The question was then taken, and the amend-;j
ment was rejected. ;j
Mr. SWEETSER moved to amend, by insert- /
ing the number of 235. i|
Mr. S., in explanation, said, that he very much j!
regretted to see a proposition of this character !j
drawn in upon the census bill at this time. He jj
thought it must be a matter of regret to gentlemen ij
generally, that a proposition of so much import- :i
ance should have been offered, at a time when it ij
was known that the committee were bound down
by the five minutes' rule. The proposition, he
thought, was one which should not have been of-
fered under such circumstances. He could not
infer that it was the desire of his colleague, [Mr.
Vinton,] who offered the amendment, to see the
bill defeated. It was obvious, however, that prop-
ositions were contained in the bill, in the shape in
which it now stood, which were objected to by a
great many membeis of the House, and it seemed
to him (Mr. S.) that this was not the time to
introduce amendments, calculated to make it still
more objectionable. He was opposed to the whole
proposition of his colleague; he was opposed to it
for this, as well as for other reasons, that, he would
not bind down a future Congress to any proposi-
tion which this Congress might think proper to
adopt. Nor did he wish to surrender any portion
of the legitimate powers and authority of this
Hguse to any of the Executive departments. It
might be said, that the principle being settled by
Congress, it would be a mere matter of figures on
the part of the Secretary of the Interior; but he
was opposed to any such delegation of power—it
tended to centralization. He desired that the
House should hold in its own hands all the pow-
ers and sanctions which had been committed to it
by the Constitution of the land. He would be the
last man to surrender one jot or tittle of these
powers to any other department of the Govern-
ment. Having had the opportunity which he de-
sired of making this brief explanation, he would
withdraw the amendment.
So the amendment was withdrawn.
Mr. McMULLEN inquired of the Chair what
the proposition now before the committee wa^?
The CHAIRMAN stated it to be on the amend-
ment of the gentleman from Ohio, [Mr. Vinton.]
Mr. CLINGMAN understood (he said) that
the pending question was on the amendment
moved by the other gentleman from Onio, [Mr.
Sweetser.]
The CHAIRMAN explained that the latter
amendment had been withdrawn.
Mr. STEVENS, of Pennsylvania, moved to
amend the amendment by substituting the number
of 239 for 200.
Mr. S. said, in explanation, that he thought it
"must be apparent to every member of the House
that this had been, from beginning to end, a most
unfortunate proposition. He (Mr. S.) had no
| doubt that if the House were to go on and incor-
■ porate the amendment of the gentleman from Ohio
I [Mr. Vinton] into the bill, a good month would
pass away before the bill would become a law.
We were now advancing some distance into the
month of May; and by the provisions of the bill,
everything must be done—the blanks of instruc-
tion were to be made out 
[The Chairman, at this point in the remarks of
Mr. Stevens, resigned the chair, informally, to
the Speaker of the House, who received a mes-
sage in writing from the President of the United
States, by the hands of Colonel Bliss, his Private
Secretary.]
The Chairman then resumed the chair.
Mr. STEVENS proceeded with his remarks.
He was well awajre (he said) that if this amend-
ment should be inserted, there were many mem-
ber of the House who would vote against the
whole bill after that clause should have been in-
grafted upon it. He referred to the weight of
; matter which must be sent off by the mails daily,
I (some three thousand pounds, he was understood
to say,) so as to be m the hands of the marshals
: by the 1st of June; and remarked that, if Con-
.grrss should procrastinate much longer, the re-
quiiement of that p.ut of the bill which provided
that the taking of the census should commence on
the 1st day of June, could not be executed. He
should therefore vote against all amendments, and
against the amendment of the gentleman from
Ohio, [Mr. Vinton ]
Mr. S. then withdrew his amendment.
Mr. MEACHAM moved to amend the amend-
ment, by substituting the number of 246 in lieu of
200. He had offered the amendment (he said)
that he might have an opportunity of making one
or two remarks.
It certainly did appear to him, that the amend-
ment of the gentleman from Ohio [Mr. Vinton]
was entirely out of place. It seemed to htm (Mr.
M.) that the gentleman should withdraw it, in
order that time might be allowed for a more cate-
