1850.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
2021
was, that the Secretary of the Navy was authorized
instead of being: required, to contract. The latter
part of the amendment referred merely to the terms
on which the dock when constructed, and when not
needed for public ships, should be used for private
vessels.
Mr. STANTON, of Tennessee, saidj he under-
stood the Committee of Ways and Means as rec-
ommending that the House concur in this amend-
ment of- the Senate, under Che idea that it did not
affect, the proposition as it went from the House.
If such was the fact—if the amendment really did
not affect the proposition as the House adopted it,
then it seemed to him not important that the
House should concur, and therefore, it should not
do so. He believed that he understood the source
from which this amendment came, and he believed
he understood equaliy well what would be the
operation of it. He believed that the idea of some
of the old gentlemen at the head of the bureau was
to build the old stone dock, which would cost some
$10,000,000, and would not be finished for as
many years.
Mr. VINTON. The amendment requires that
it should be a floating dock.
Mr. STANTON said he understood that; but
his objection to the amendment was, that it struck
out the direction to the Secretary of the Navy to
enter into a contract with the only person who
could buiid such a dock upon any plan which had
been tested and had proved available. He re-
ferred to the number of our merchant ships (sev-
eral hundred) which were stated to be in the Pa-
cific, and which could not return here until they
had been repaired. Such also was the case with
one of our public ships which had cost some seven
hundred thousand dollars. If the matter was left,
as the amendment of the Senate proposed to leave
it, discretionary with the Secretary of ihe Navy,
he would make no contract, nor would any such
structure be commenced, for at least another ses.
sion of Congress. He hoped the House would
not concur in the amendment. He had no objec-
tion to that part of it which proposed to strike out
the names of the parties with whom the contract
shall be made.
Mr. JONES said that the amendment of the
Senate, as had been remarked by the chairman of
the Committee of Ways and Means, did not in
'the least affect the character or description of dock
that was to be constructed. It was still the same
sort of dock which the House proposed should be
built—that was to say, a sectional, balance, or
floating dry dock. The other portion of the amend-
ment simply proposed that when the dock was not
required for public vessels, the Secretary of the
Navy might contract for its use for private" pur-
poses upon such reasonable terms as appeared to
him to be right.
Mr. STANTON, of Tennessee. Will the gen-
tleman yield me the floor for a moment?
Mr. JONES. Certainly.
Mr. STANTON. 1 have no objection to that
part of the amendment which authorizes the Sec-
retary of the Navy to prescribe the terms on which
the dock may be used for private purposes.
Mr. JONES. Nor need my colleague [Mr.
Stanton] have any objection to the other part of
the amendment which has elicited his opposition.
It merely authorizes, instead of requires, the head
of the department to expend the money; and that
any public officer will be sure to do, if you give
him the chance. Especially certain is it in this
"case, the head of the department being a Whig.
(Laughter.) 1 think that these amendments are
all right and proper. They throw upon the Secre-
tary of the Navy the duty of making a contract
for the dock, if in his judgment he should deem
it expedient, and they "give him the range of the
world for the contract. I move the previous ques-
tion.
Mr. BOCOCIC. I hope the gentleman from
Tennessee [Mr. Jones] will withdraw the demand
for the previous question, to enable me to say a ;
few words. |
Mr. JONES withdrew the demand. _ !
Mr. BOCOCK said there was one consideration j
which had not been presented by the gentleman
from Tennessee, [Mr. Stanton,] and which, in
his (Mr. B.'s) opinion, ought to weigh heavily
with the House in determining whether it would
concur in the amendment of the Senate or not.
The gentleman's colleague [Mr. Jones] had stated
that the first part of the amendment-made no ma-
terial alteration in the proposition. Yet it did
make a material alteration—such an alteration as
struck at the existence of the thing itself. The
difference between the two propositions was this:
If the proposition of the House should be adopted,
a dock would be built. If the amendment of the
Senate should be adopted, a dock would not be
built. The amendmentof theSenate left the mat-
ter to the discretion of the Secretary of the Navy.
If he approved the proposition, he might contract.
If not, not. It wa's thus left to the discretion of
th^t officer to do, or not to do, that which he had
already said he would not do. The whole matter
had been examined by the Committee on Naval
Affairs, and they had decided that the proposition
adopted by the House was not only a reasonable
proposition, but that it was in fact the only prac-
ticable one. The construction of a stone dock
would cost the Government ten millions of dollars,
and, as the gentleman from Tennessee [Mr. Stan-
ton] had indicated, would take ten, or perhaps any
more numher of years, to construct it. Yet the
amendment was advocated by most of those old
commodores who could not, in their age, unlearn
what they had been taught in their youth. The
effect of the adoption of the amendment of the
Senate would be to defeat for some time the com-
mencement of any structure at all. He hoped
that it would not be concurred in.
Mr. VINTON. I think the House will concur
with me that this is no time for debate. I move
the previous question.
There was a second, and the main question was
ordered, (on agreeing to the amendments of the
Senate.)
Mr. STANTON, of Tennessee, asked for tell-
ers, (which were refused.)
And the question having been taken, the sixth
amendment of the Senate—by ayes 86, noes given
up—was concurred in.
The seventh amendment of the Senate was also
concurred in.
All the amendments had been thus disposed of.
The following message was received from the
Senate, by Mr. Dickins, their Secretary:
Mr. Speaker : Tiie Senate have agreed to the confercnee
asked by the House on the disagreeing votes of the two
Houses, on the amendments of the Sen.ite to the hill of the
House, No. 244, granting bounty land to certain officers and
soldiers who have been engaged in the military service of
Ihe United States; and have appointed Mr. Hale, Mr.
Shields, and Mr. Smith, the managers at the conference
on the part of the Senate.
LIGHT-HOySES,' &-C.
The question then recurred on the motion of
Mr. McLane, of Maryland, that the rules of the i
House be suspended to enable him to move that j
the Committee of the Whole on the state of the j
Union be discharged from the consideration of the ;
light-house bill.
Mr. BURT. The motion of the gentleman from i
Maryland [Mr. McLane] is really so extraordi- ;
nary, that 1 deem it my duty to demand the yeas j
and nays.
The SPEAKER counted, and said, there was :
believed to be not a sufficient number. j
Mr. BURT called for tellers on the yeas and j
nays, (which were ordered,) and Messrs. Harris \
of Tennessee, and Hay were appointed. |
The yeas and nays were ordered. • j
Mr. McLANE, (to the Speaker.) Is it in order ;
for me to state that this is a bill to carry out  j
Calls to order. ;
The SPEAKER said, no remarks could be made j
cxcept by unanimous consent. i
Objection was made. j
And the question, lt Shall the rules be sua- j
pended?" was then taken, and resulted—yeas 112, j
nays 46; as follow:
YE\S—Messrs. Allen, Anderson, Andr#><cv*, Baylv, Ben-
nett, Bisseil, Bokee, Booth, Bowie, B*eck, Brigg*, Brook?,
Buel, Burrows, Chester Butler, Thomis B. Butler, E. C.
Cabell, Joseph P. Caldwell, Calvin, Chandler, Cleveland,
Chngman, Cole, Crowell, Dickey, Dixon, Duncan, Durkee,
Ehot, Alexander Evans, Nathan Evans, Fitch, Fowler,
Freedley, Fuller, Gerry, Gilbert, Goodenow, Gmt, Gould,
Gnnnell, Hallowav, Hammond, Hampton, Hay, Haymond,
Hebard, Henry, Flibhard, Hilliard, Holmes, Houston, Howe,
Hunter, Julian, Kaufman, Kerr, George G. King, James G.
Kins, John A. Kin^, Preston King, La Sere, Littlefield,
Horace Mann, MeLanahan, "Robert M McLane, Meacham,
Millson, Moore, Morehead, Morton. Nelson, Newell, Ogle,
Ons, Outlaw, Peasl*e, Peck, Phoenix, Pitman, Potter, Put-
nam, Reed, Reynolds, Robbms, Rockwell, Rumsey, Sackett,
Sehermerhorn, Schoolcraft, Seddon, Silvester, Spaulding,
Sora«ue, Stanly, Frederick P. Stanton, Thaddeus Stevens,
Stetson, Strong, Thurmari, Tuck, Underbill, Van Dyke,
Vinton, Walden, Waldo, Watksns, Wenlworth, White,
Williams, and Wood—112.
NAYS—Messrs. Aibertson, Ashe, B*y, Beale, Bocock,
Bowdon, Bowlin, Burr, Joseph Cable, George A. Caldwell,
Campbell, Carfter. Colcock, Daniel, Dimmiek, Disney, Dun-
ham, Edmunrison, Featherston, Hall, Hamilton, Harlan,
Isham G. Harris, Sampson W. Harris. Holladay, Hubbard,
Joseph W. Jackson, Andrew Johnson,Itobeit W. Johnson,
Jones, Leftlt.r, McYFullen, McQueen, Meade, Morris, Orr,
Parker, Phelps, Powell, Ross, Richard H. Stanton, Jamesr
Thompson, John B. Thompson, Wallace, Whittlesey,
Woodward, and Voung—46.
So, two thirds having voted in the affirmative}
the rules were suspended.
[Mr. Baker repeated the statement he had
heretofore made, that he had paired off with Mr.
Averett, and if he (Mr. B.) had voted, he should
have voted in the affirmative.]
A message was here received from the Senate,
by Mr.8DiCKiNs, their Secretary, informing the
House of the passage of the arjpy appropriation
bill with sundry amendments.
On motion by Mr. BAYLY said bill and amend-
ments were referred to the Committee of Ways
and Means.
The following message was received from the
Senate by Mr. Dickins, their Secretary:
Mr. Speaker: The Senate have agreed to the report of
Ihe committee'of conference, on the disagreeing votes of
the two Houses upon the bill of the House, No. 334, enti-
tled " An act making appropriation for the civil and diplo-
matic expenses of Government for the year ending June
3f, 185), and for other purposes," so far as the said com-
mittee were able to agtee, and they insist on their let, 18ih,
8yth, 90th, and 91st amendments to the said bill on which
the said committee were unable to agree.
Mr. McLANE, of Maryland, then submitted
his motion that the Committee of the Whole on the-
state of the Union be discharged fron\the consid-
eration of the light-house bill.
The motion having been agreed to, the bill was
thus before the House, and the question was on
ordering it to a third reading.
Mr. McLANE said that the Committee on
Commerce had no amendments to offftr to this
bill, except as regarded the correction of a clerical
error. In the paragraph authorizing a light-house
for the State of Virginia, there was an omission
of four or five words, which he desired should now
be read.
The words were read by the Clerk, as follows:
Insert after the vvoid in the clause following "Mutchi-
pungo," the words "or on sand shoals, as the one or the
otiter, upon actual survey, may be found bpst."
"Foi two lights on the south end of Hog Island, as a
range lor the channel of Great Mutchipungo, or on Sand
Shoal 0,000; and the appropriation of $10,000, made
by the act of the 14th August, 1848, for two lights on Sand
Shoal Inlet, be, and is hereby repealed."
Mr. McLANE. I move the previous question.
Mr. STRONG. Well; I should like to hear
the bill read.
Several Voices: So would i—so would i.
ARMY APPROPRIATION BILL.
Mr. BAYLY, from the Committee of Ways
and Means, to whom had been referred theamend-
ments of the Senate to the bill making appropria-
tions for the support of the army for the current
fiscal year, reported that the committee had had
the same under consideration, and had directed
him to report them back with a recommendation
that they agree to some and disagree to others.
The SPEAKER. What motion does the gen-
tleman make ?
Mr. BAYLY. I move that the House now
proceed to the consideration of the said amend-
ments.
The SPEAKER. Do the amendments require
commitment?
Mr. BA.YLY. There are no additional appro-
priations. .
The bill therefore was not committed, and the
question was on agreeing to the said amend-
ments.
The first, second, and third of the said amend-
ments of the Senate were concurred m, and the
fourth amendment was non-concurred in, (onder
the recommendation of the Committee of Ways
and Means.)
The fifth of the amendments of the fcienate was
as follows:
Amendment No. 5. Aiid after the clause appropriating
$100,000 fur the current expenses of the ordnance service,
^Provided, That the principal assistant in the ordnance
bureau of the War Department, shall
tion not less than that of the persons employed at the
foundries under the 5th section of the act approved 23d of
August, from and after the date thereof.
The amendment having been read
Mr. BAYLY said that the Committee of Ways
