2022
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
Sept. 28,
and Means recommend that the House do not con-
cur in this amendment.
Mr. BURT, i should litce to know from the
chairman of the Committee of Ways and Means
[Mr. Bayly] what considerations have induced
them to recommend a non-concurrence in this
amendment?
Mr. BAYLY. We had no information before
us in relation .to this matter. This seemed to us
to be an indirect mode of accomplishing the object,
and therefore, in the absence of all information,
the Committee of Ways and Means recommend
a non-concurrence.
Mr. BURT. The proposition is one which has
been examined and considered, by the Committee
on Military Affairs, and i trust that this House
will do to the ofli^r to whom it relates the naked
justice of concurring in the amendment of the
Senate. The gentleman who is to be provided for
by this amendment is one of the most excellent
and scientific officers belonging to the army. He
was the commander of a distant arsenal, and was
brought here to the Bureau of Ordnance. He
looses his compensation as commander of an ar-
senal, and is required to live in this city, where the
expense ia enormous, at actually less pay than he
received at the remote and unexpensive post/rom
which he was taken. 1 will not at this late hour
de'ain the House with further remarks. But, I
trust the House will concur in this amendment of
the Senate, and I am sure that if the Committee of
Ways and Means had had before them the inlor-
'mation which was laid before the Committee on
Military Affairs, they would have recommended a
concurrence.
The question was taken, and the amendment of
the Senate was concurred m.
[A message was received from the Senate stating
that that body had receded from their amendments
disagreed to by the House, to the bill of the House
making appropriations for the naval service for the
year ending June, 30, 1851.]
The sixth amendment of the Senate, on the
recommendation of the Committee of Ways and
Means, was concurred in.
The seventh amendment of the Senate consisted
of a new section, which was as follows:
"Jlnd be it further enacted, That the Secretary of War tye,
arid he is hereby, authorized to pay the unexpended balance
of'me appropriation made by an act of March 3d, 1849,
1 for publishing a new edition of the Ordinance Manual,' to
the officer of the United States aimy employed in com-
putus:, arriinrnnr, and supervising the publication ol the
same, as provided by the terms ol said act.';
The section having been read,
Mr. BAYLY said that he was instructed by the
Committee of Ways and Means to recommend
that the House non-concur in this amendment.
Mr. STANLY, (addressing the Speaker.) Do I
understand the Committee of Ways and Means
to have recommended a non-concurrence m this
amendment?
The SPEAKER. Such is the recommendation.
Mr. STANLY made a remark, which could not
be clearly heard, but it was understood to be to
the effect* that the object of the section was simply
to give a construction to an act of Congress passed
a year or two since. Mr. Crawford had refused
payment, though Congress intended that payment*
should be made.
Mr. VINTON. Thi3 amendment makes no
new appropriation. It merely directs-that a bal-
ance which has heretofore been appropriated shall
be paid. I hope it will be concurred in.
The question was taken, and the amendment
was concurred in.
All the amendments to the said bill had now been
disposed of.
/CIVIL AND DIPLOMATIC BILL.
-Mr. BAYLY. The committee of conference
on the disagreeing votes of the two Houses on the
bill making appropriations for the civil and diplo-
matic expenses of the Government for the current
fiscal year, have instructed me to make a report.
I move that the House insist upon its disagree-
ment to the 1st, 18th, 89th, 90th, and 91st amend-
ments of the Senate, and that another committee
of conference be appointed, and on that motion I
call the previous question.
Mr. VINTON. 1 should be glad to know what
the committee have done. I hope that the gentle-
man from Virginia [Mr. Bayly] will withdraw
his demand for the previous question, and state
what the action of the committee has"been.
Mr. JONES. The committee of the Senate
have concurred in the report, and the Senate have
insisted on their amendments.
The report was read, as follows;
The committee of conference on the disagreeing
votes of the two Houses on the bill (H. R. 334)
making appropriations for the civil and diplomatic
expenses of Government for the year ending the
30th of June, 1851, and for other purposes, hav-
ing met, and after full and free conference have
agreed to recommend and do recommend to the
respective Houses as follows: '
That the Senate concur in the amendment of the
House to the 33d amendment of the Senate, with
an amendment as follows:
In line 7 of the amendment, before the word " compen-
sation," ii.sert "additional."
That the Senate agree to the amendments of the
House to the 40th-, 43d, 50th, 52d, 82d, and 85th
amendments of the Senate.
That the House iecede from their disagreement
to the following: amendments of the Senate: Nos.
9, 26, 30, 36, 51, 59, 64, 65, 76, and 80.
That the Senate recede from their 19th, 28th,
29th, 48th, 49th, 53d, 55ih, 66th, 69th, 71st, 72d,
73d, 75th, 79th, 84th, and 86th amendments.
That the House agree to the 15th amendment of
the Senate, with the following amendment:
Strike out all after the words ":*9C0," and insert the
words, "and the salary of the book-keeper and accountant
m tiie &aid office is hereby raised from §1,000 to §1,250."
That the House agree to the 20th amendment
of the Senate, with an amendment, viz:
Strike out the said amendment, and in heu thereof insert
the following:
"Provided, That to enab'e the President of {he United
States to obtain for the United States, if he shall deem it
expedient to do so, the rurht to use the improved methods of
refining argentiferous gold bullion, recently discovered arid
being patented to R. S. McCulloh and Jauie- C. Boothe, or
the light to use any other method of accomplishing the same
object which may be herfafter discovered and patented,
there be appropriated the sumof $3o.0OO."
That the House agree to the 22d amendment of
the Senate, with the following amendment:
At the end of the amendment, after the word dollars,'
add the following proviso:
uProvided, hoiveier, That no part of said appropriations
fur the Territory of New Mexico shall be expended until
the State of Texa? shall have agreed to the tenns of the act
of Congress entitled ' An act proposing to the Slate of
Tex«is> the establishment of her northern and western bound-
aries, the relinquishment by the said State of all territory
claimed by her exterior to said boundaries, and of all her
claims upon the United States, and to establish a territorial
government for New Mexico.'"
That the House agree to the 35th amendment of
the Senate, with the following amendment:
Strike out the eaid amendment, and in lieu thereof insert:
" For the extension ot the Capitol, according to such plan
as maybe approved by the President of the United States,
$100,000; to be expended under hi- direction by such archi-
tect as he may appoint to execute the same."
The committee of conference further report that
they have conferred on the disagreeing votes of
the two Houses on the 1st, 18th, 89th, 90th, and
91st amendments of the Senate, and were unable to
come to agreement thereon.
TH. H. BAYLY,
SAML. P. VINTON,
G. W. JONES,
Managers on the part of the House.
D. S. DICKINSON,
GEO Ea BADGER,
PIERRE SOULE,
Managers for the Senate.
September 28, 1850.
Mr. KAUFMAN. I ask that the section to
which the amendment refers may be read.
Mr. BAYLY. 1 can relieve the House from
any uncertainty in the matter. The only points
upon which we do not agree are, the proposi-
tion in relation to Doctor Harris's salary, to the
question of mileage, and the question of the pub-
lic piinting.
[A message was received from the Senate by
Mr. Dicktns, their Secretary:
Mr. Speaker: The Senate have passed a joint resolu-
tion of the House, No. 10, explanatory of certain acts theiem
mentioned.
The Senate have suspended the sixteenth joint rule of
the two Houses, so far as the same relates to the bill of the
Senate, No. 237, entitled "An act to provide compensation
to such persons as may be designated by the Secretary of
the Treasury to receive and keep the public money, under
the fifteenth section of the act of 6th August, 1846, for the
additional service required under i hi-? aet.1']
Mr. VINTON. I suppose the question to be
on agreeing to the report of the committee of con-
feience? 1
The SPEAKER. The Chair understands the
question to be presented by the report of the com-
mittee of conference, and by the motion of the
gentleman from Virginia, [Mr. Bayly,] to be this:
The first question will be on agreeing to the report
of the committee of confeience, which has been
agreed to on the part of the Senate. If the report
should be concurred in by the House, these amend-
ments will be considered as having been disposed
of; and the two Houses will then stand upon their
disagreeing votes on the three amendments desig-
nated by the gentleman from Virginia, [Mr. Bay-
ly,] upon which the committee of conferencecould
not agree. And the gentleman from Virginia has
moved that the Hous€* insist upon its disagree-
ment to the amendments of the Senate, and has
asked for the appointment of another committee of
conference.
Mr. EVANS, of Maryland, (to the Speaker.)
Is it in order to movethat .the House recede from
its disagreeing votes on the amendments relating
to the salary of Doctor Harris and to the question
of mileage, and that it insist upon its disagreeing
vote in relation to the other proposition, which re-
gards the public printing?
The SPEAKER. The motion is not in order
at this time. The question must first be taken on
the motion to insist m the form in which it has
already been made by the gentleman from Vir-
ginia, [Mr. Bayly.]
The question was then taken on the demand for
the previous question. There was a secondhand
the main question was ordered to be taken. (Which
main question was, first, on agreeing to the report
of the committee of conference, so far as regarded
those amendments upon which the committee had
agreed.)
The SPEAKER directed the amendments to be
reported to the House, and said that as the read-
ing would require some time, the Chair must, in
advance, ask gentlemen to preserve order, so that
the amendments might be understood
Cries of Dispense with the reading."
In other quarters of the House the reading
was insisted upon; and, after some conversation,
those amendments upon which the committee o?
conference had agreed were read.
And the question being taken on agreeing to so
much of the report, it was agreed to.
The question then recurred on the motion of Mr.
Bayly, that the House insist upon the other amend-
ments which he had designated, and that another
committee of conference be appointed.
Ordered accordingly; and the Speaker appointed
Messrs. McLane, of Maryland, Grinnel*, and
Brown, of Mississippi, the managers on the part
of the House at the said conference.
LIGHT-HOUSE BILL.
The House then resumed the consideration of
this bil?—the question being on the demand of Mr.
McLane, of Maryland, for the previous question.
There was a second; and the foain question was
ordered, being first on the amendment (rendered
necessary by a clerical error) proposed by Mr.
McLane, of Maryland.
There was a second. The main question was
ordered. The amendment was agreed to; and the
bill was read a third time by its title.
And the question being on the passage thereof—
Mr. CARTTER asked the yeas and nays.
The SPEAKER counted, and said that a suf-
ficient number did not rise to order the yeas and
nays.
Tellers were asked and ordered; and Messrs*
John A. King and McQueen wete appointed.
The yeas and nays were ordered, and, having
been taken, lesulted—yeas 107, nays 50; as fol-
low:
YEAS—Messrs. Alexander, AUen, Alston, Andrews^
Bayly, Bokee, Booth, Rowie, Breok, BrigsE*, Buel, Burrows,
Chester Butler. Thomas B. Butler, E. C. Cabell, Calvin,
Ca*ev, Chandler, Clarke, Cleveland, Cole, Corwtn, Crow-
ell, Dickey, Dixon. Dotv, Duncan, Durkee, Eiot, Alex-
ander Evan*, Nathan Evans, Fowler, Freedley, Fuller,
Gerry. Goodenow,Gott, Gould, Grinnel!, HaMoway, Hamp-
ton, Hay, Havinond, JHehard, Henry, Htlliaid, Holmes,
Houston. Ilowe, Joseph W. Jackson, Julian, Kaufman,
Kerr. George G. King, James G. Kin?, John A. King- Pres-
ton King, La Sfere, Litflefieid, Horace Mann, Robert
L <ne, Meacham, Million, Moore, M<uton, Nelson, NewelJ,
Oi le, Otis, Outlaw, Peaslee. Peek. Phoenix, Puroan, Potter,
Putnam, Reed, Reynold-:, Rtsley, Rohbins, Roekwett, Root,
Rumsey, SacketT, Scherinerhorn, Selioolcraft, Seddon, Sil-
vester, Spanldinj;, Spraguo, Stanlv. Frederick P. Stanton,
ThaddeusStevens Stet^m, Strong Taylor,Thnrtnan,Tuck,
Underbill, Van Dyke, Vinton, Walden, Waldo, Watkins,
VVentworth, White. Williams, and Wood—107.
NAYS—Me$?rs. Albertson, Bay, B'ssell, Bowdon,
Bowlin, Burt, Joseph Cable, George A, Caldwell, Camp-
