2024
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
Sept. 28,
Shields, and Mr. Winthrop, to be the managers
on their part.]
The report was read aa follows:
That they have agreed to recommend to the
House to recede from their disagreement to the
Senate's 1st and 2d amendments.
To insist upon their disagreement to the Senate's
26ih amendment.
To insist upon their amendment to the Senate's
31st amendment.
To insist upon their disagreement to the Senate's
33d amendment.
To recede from their disagreement to the Sen-
ate's 33d amendment, and agree to the same with
the following amendment:
" Prowled, also, That the Indians who shall receive the
said money, shall firsyrespectively siyn a receipt or release
acknowledging thesalB to be in fall of all demands under
the fourth article of said treaty.7'
That the House recede from their disagreement
to the 39th amendment of the Senate.
That the House insist upon their disagreement
to the 57th amendment.
That the House agree to the Senate's 60th
amendment, with an amendment to the same,
striking out " one hundred thousand" and insert-
ing "twenty-five thousand."
That they recede from their disagreement to the
Senate's 61st amendment.
' That the House recede from their disagreement
to the Senate's 63d amendment.
That they insist upon their disagreement to the
Senate's 64th, 65th, 67th, 68th, 6&th, and 70th
amendments.
On motion by Mr. JONES, the amendments to
whie.h it related were read.
The report and amendments having been read—
Mr. JONES made an inquiry of Mr. Thomp-
son, in relation to the amendments or appropria-
tions for the Eastern and "Western Cherokees. He
(Mr. J.) understood, he said, that the committee
had recommended that the House recede from its
non-concurrence in one of these amendments, and
that, the Senate reccde from the other. He wished
to know from which one the House was to re-
cede ?
Mr. THOMPSON, of Mississippi. We rec- i
ommend that the House recede from its disagree- '
ment to the smallest amendment, that was to say, :
as to the claim that was not disputed. And the !
Senate receded from the largest. I
Mr. JONES said, that these amendmentshad been
sprung upon the House at the very close of the j
session, and that rather than concur he would j
lose the bill. J
Mr. THOMPSON, of Mississippi, held the i
floor. He remarked, generally, that the amend- j
ments in which the committee had agreed to con
this Government, as one of the parties, was bound
to pay it. It had no discretion in the premises.
The treaty made the Senate the arbitrators. These
arbitrators had decided the case, and he did not
think that this Government could in good faith re-
fuse to pay. The money was due, and must be
paid, and he believed that the items, as they had
iieen concurred in, were not to be disputed.
The item was a heavy one, but he submitted that
the Government was bound to pay it.
Mr. CLINGrMAN. Do I understand the gen-
tleman from Mississippi [Mr. Thompson] to say,
that the item making an appropriation for the
VVestern Cherokees has been concurred in, and
that that for the Eastern Cherokees has been re-
! jected ?
Mr. THOMPSON. That is so. Theonehad
disputed items in it, and the other had not. There
have be€n $300,000 already appropriated for the
Eastern Cherokees. They get that under the bill
which was concurred in this morning.
Mr. CLINGMAN. Who is it that continues
from nme to time to dispute the items so as to
prevent the appropriation for the Eastern Chero-
itees? Is it not the agents and friends of the
Western Cherokees, who privately interfere to
prevent the appropriation being made ?
Mr. THOMPSON. If I eould believe the inti-
mation which the gentleman throws out to be cor-
rect, 1 should regard it as a strong argument in
favor of insisting upon having this very thing
done that we are just now about to do, because h
would remove all the difficulties out of our way.
But 1 do riot believe anything of the kind. It is
all outside of the question—merely thrown m to
create difficulty.
Mr.'CLINGMAN meant to state, (he said) that
the Western Cherokees endeavored to absorb the
whole of the treaty funds, by means of agents and
friends who were constantly throwing obstacles m
thf way and endeavoring to exclude the Eastern
Cherokees from any participation in them. He
had com batted these efforts at every session, and
it was of these, things that he complained. .
Mr. THOMPSON said, if the gentleman from
North Carolina [Mr. Clingman] would examine
the matter in connection with the treaty of 1846",
he would find that these were two separate and
distinct things—that they had been kept so—that
so far as concerned any attempts on the part of
the agent"? or friends of the Western Cherokees to
engross the whole funds for their own purposes,
the treaty laid down the fcncl. sum—that it could
be made neither higher nOT lower—that the West-
ern Cherokees were not affected by the amount
given to the Eastern Cherokees, nor the Eastern
Cherokees affected by the amount given to the
Western Cherokees. Therefore there was no con-
cur, were based upon estimates sent to the com- fiict, and he must conclude that the gentleman from
r7 8 _ Partment> and were agreed upon jj North Carolina was in error when he spoke of
these interferences on the part of the agents and
for that reason.
Mr. JOHNSON, of Arkansas, asked him to
yield.
Mr. THOMPSON declined to yield. He said
that he thought the House should be satisfied to
adopt this report from the committee of confer-
ence, because it would be found that as to two
thirds of the disagreeing votes between the two
Houses, the Senate had receded.^ It was true that !j with tills explanation
friends of the Western Cherokees. But even if
such interferences existed, the gentleman would
perceive that they could answer no effective pur-
pose, because it was provided that no agents were
to receive any portion of the money, but that it
was to be paid to the Indians per capita. He hoped,
therefore, that the gentleman would be satisfied
on one large item the House had receded. But
the question was a very difficult one, arising out
of treaty stipulations. The Cherokee claim, to j
say the best of it, was a difficult question. He !
then entered into a recapitulation of the facts and !
circumstances-connected with the treaty ofl846,and j
the difficulties arising out of the claims of the two I
branches of the tribe known as the Eastern and
Western Cherokees. He submitted that looking
Mr. T. now indicated his intention to move the
previous question.
Mr. FITCH said, if such was the intention, he
hoped the gentleman would allow a brief respite,
whilst he (Mr. P.) submitted a few remarks.
Mr. THOMPSON said that he should be glad
to have the sense of the House upon the matter.
If ths House desired to hear the gentleman from
Indiana, [Mr. Fitch,] he {Mr. T.) should cer-
to the embarrassments which surrounded the ques- i tainly not refuse to waive the demand for the pre-
tion, the committee had thought it best to agree ;j vious question
upon the report which they had presented. As !
regarded the interest from the date of the treaty
of 1846, there were, he said, two items referred j
The previous question was not moved.
Mr. FITCH said he desired to call the attention
of the House to the extraordinary action and re-
port of this committee of conference, and to urge
ur  —.    :.  .. 1 . • 0
to the Senate as arbitrators. He insisted that they , ..     ,  
had a right to interest upon the amount which had j; the House not to concur in its recommendations,
not been paid, from 1835 to 1850. The United 'j He would, in the first place, direct attention to the
States resisted that claim, but under the treaty of 'I fact, that the committee had adopted the Senate's
1846, the Eastern and Western Cherokees and • amendments which had been most strongly con-
the commissioners of the United States agreed to
refer two questions to the Senate. One was for
subsistence which the Senate arbitrated, and which
was the one that had been concurred in this morn-
ing. The other was a question of interest. The
Seriate decided that interest should be paid, nnd
demned by the House—which had, in fact, scarcely
secured the vote of a respectable minority here;
and had rejected such as the House had very
nearly accepted—such as had the largest vote and
most strength. The Georgia and Cherokee claims
suffered here an overwhelming defeat, scarce a
baker's dozen being found to sustain them; while
the Potawatomie and Ottawa claim was lost by
but two majority. Yet the weaker were adopted
by the committee and the stronger rejected. Could
there be any good reason for action so uncourteoua
to the House—any reason which the committee
would like to proclaim to the House and the coun-
try in justification of this report? The gentleman
from Mississippi [Mr. Thompson] had told the
House that the committee had agreed only to such
amendments as were based upon estimates from
the Indian Department, and left the House to {re-
fer that those only were rejected which were not
thus based. Did that gentleman or any other
member of the committee pretend to say that the
appropiiation for the Georgia claim was based
upon an estimate from the department > Or that
the Potawatomie and Ottowa claim was not thus
based? Why, then, he again asked, was the
former adopted and the latter rejected > The rule
which the gentleman from Mississippi told the
House governed the committee, certainly was not
regarded in the mstanee of these two claims. The
Potawatomie and Ottawa—in which nearly a hun-
dred of his constituents were interested, which had
received the sanction of three successive Admin-
istrations, and was urged upon the attention of
Congress by the Home and Indian-Department,'
and sustained by indubitable evidence—the pro-
posed appropriation for this purpose was permit-
ted to die unaided and unmourned by the com-
mittee, while the Georgia claim and tite Cherokee
claim of half a million of dollars were recommend-
ed to be passed. The land of Galphin could ob-
tain all it asked, whilst justice was denied 10 citi,-
j zens of Indiana, Michigan, and Illinois. He .did
' not wish to be understood as speaking disparaging-
ly of the other claims, for he knew nothing about
them. They might be just. But he knew the
Potawatomie and Ottawa claim to be so. If the
former were to be allowed, he insisted that the
latter should be. Let equal justice be given to all,
or let all be repudiated. He wished no discrimi-
nation to he made against his constituents, when
he knew their claims to be just, and believed them
to be more meritorious than the others. He asked
the House, therefore, to refuse to concur in the
report.
Mr. JOHNSON, of Arkansas, said, that in some
little measure, the Lord seemed to be on the sido
of the Indians. He briefly urged the adoption of
the report on the.ground that it wag the best thing
which could, under the circumstances, be effected.
When it was in our power to oblain some portion
of our rights, that was a poor pohcy which would
reject it because we could not at once get ail that
belonged to us. The next time this matter came
up for the consideration of Congress, full justice
would no doubt be done; and if the committee of
conference had reported only a portion of what
was right, and if that was all that could now be
secured, he was for accepting it until better things
could be obtained, ff that rule had been found
to be good upon the great principles which had so
recently divided the North and the South, surely
it was a good and ..wise rule when applied to an
Indian claim. . *
Mr. THOMPSON, of Mississippi, replied brief-
ly to Mr. Fitch, and defended the action of the
committee. He (Mr. T.) regretted the temper
which, he said, the gentleman had exhibited, and
the flmgs which he had thought proper to make
at the committee, as if there were really something*
covered up, something that should not see the light
of day. In regard to the amendment, in which
the gentjeman had expressed so much interest, the
Senate had harked out upon the very first fire 
Mr. FITCH, (interposing.) Was there any
advocate of the Potawatomie claim on the com-
mittee of conference ? Was there any advocate of
the Georgia claim on the committee of conference ?
Mr. THOMPSON. There was of the one,
but not of the other.
Mr. FITCH. There was an advocate of the
latter, but not of the former, which accounted for
the difference in the success. ^
Mr. ASHMUN interposed, and was understood
to say, that, as a member of the committee of con-
ference, he had been in favor of the Potawatomie
claim, and of the Georgia claim also.
Mr. FITCH. The extent of the gentleman's
advocacy of the Potawatomie claim can be ap-
preciated from the fact that he had previously
voted against it.
