1850.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
2025
Mr. THOMPSON. The Senate gave up the
claim foe which the gentleman contends. They
ran, I say, at the very first fire. And I think the
gentleman shows entirely too much anxiety about
these $80,000. Why was it that, after we had
been gagged in the Senate, something was not
eaid about it here ?
Mr. KAUFMAN,(interposing.) Will the gen-
tleman tell us why the committee of conference
receded from an amendment wfiich received the
unanimous sanction of the Committee of the Whole
on the state of the Union ?
Mr. THOM:PSON. Because it was, under the
circumstances, the best thing that could be done.
I hope the House will sanction the report; and I
call for the previous question.
There was a second, and the main question (on
agreeing to the report of the committee of confer-
ence) was ordered to be now taken.
Mr. ROOT asked the yeas and nays, which
were ordered, and being taken, resulted—yeas 73,
nays 77; as follow:
YEAS—Messrs. Andrews, Haylv, Beale, Bis^ell, Bokee,
Booth, Dowdon, Bowie, Briggs, Burrows, Chester Butler,
Joseph P. Caldwell, Calvin, Ca^py, Chandler, Clarke, Cling-
man, Colcoek, Duncan, Eliot, Naihan Evans, Featherston,
Freediey, GmUdi Hamilton, Hammond, lshain G. Harris,
Sampson VV. Harris, Hav, Naymond, Hibbard, Hilhard,
Holladay, Holmes. Joseph W. Jac kson, Robert W. Johnson,
La Sere, Leffl'.-r, Horace Mann, Marshall, Mason, McMul-
len, McQueen, Meacham, Meade, Moore, Morris, Morton,
Newell. Ogle, Pea«lee, Phoenix, Pitman, Rerd, Reynolds,
RMey, Rockwell, Ro-s-*, Savage, Se.ldon, Fiederic k P. Stan-
ton, Richard H Stanton, Stetson,Taylor, Jacob Thompson,
John li. Thompson, Thurman, Tuck, Van Dyke, Venable,
Walden, Waldo, and Wellborn—73.
NAYS—Messrs. Albori-on, Alexander, Bay, Bennett,
Buel, Thomas B. Butter, P. Catnrigton Cabell, Joseph Ca-
ble, Gemge A. Caldwell. Campbell, Caitter, Williamson R.
W. Cobb,Coif, Corwui, Cruwell, Daniel,Dimniick, Disney,
D' tv, Dunham, Durkee, Alexander Evans, Ftieb, Fowler,
Fuller, Gott, Hall, Hailan, Henry, Houston, Hubbard, Hun-
ter, Andrew Johnson, Jones, Julian. Kaufman, Kerr, George
G. Kmg, James G. King, John A. Km?, Preston King, Lit-
tlefieh), McKissock, MeLanahan, Miller. Millsun, More-
head, Nelf^on, Orr, Otis, Outlaw, Parker, P(ck, Potter,
Powell, Putnam, Bobbins, Root, Ilum^ey, >5eherinerhflrn,
Schoolciaft, Silvester, Spaulding, Spiaaue, Stanly, Thad-
deu<.Sievens, Strong, Underbill, Vinton. Wallace, Wat-
kins, Wentworth, White, Wildrick, Wood, Woodwatd, and
Young—77.
So the report was non-concurred in.
[Mr Bayly, who was absent on the business of
the House when his name was called, a^ked and
obtained the unanimous consent of the House to
record his vote-]
Mr. STRONG moved to reconsider the vote just
taken on the saftl report, and that that motion be
laid upon the table.
Mr. JOHNSON, of Arkansas, asked the yeas
and nays; which were refused.
Mr. BURT, (to the Speaker ) Will the effect
of the motion to lay on the table the motion to
reconsider be to defeat the bill ?
The SPEAKER. Unless the House should
have another committee of conference such will be
the effect of the motion.
Mr. BURT. Then the House can have another
committee of conference?
Mr. VINTON, (to the Speaker.) I suppose
we can move to adhere or insist upon our disagree-
ment to the amendments of the Senate, and ask
for another committee of conference?
The SPEAKER. Ancfther conference can be
asked.
Mr. VINTON. I hope, then, that ihe motion to
reconsider will be laid upon the table.
The SPEAKER. All remarks are out of order.
Mr. GOTT called for tellers on the motion to
reconsider.
Tellers were ordered, and Messrs. Crowell and
McQueen were appointed.
And the question was then taken, and the vote
stood—ayes 82, noes 42.
So the motion to reconsider was laid upon the
table.
ARMY APPROPRIATION BILL.
Mr. BAYLY. I should like to make a report
from a committee of conference.
The SPEAKER. The gentleman rises to a
privileged question.
Mr."BAYLY. The committee of conference
appointed on the disagreeing votes -of the two
Houses on the bill making: appropriations for the
support of the army, have adopted the report
which I send to the Chair.
The report was read as follows:
The committee of conference on the part of the
Senate and House of Representatives, on the dif-
ference between the two branches in relation to the
House bill (No. 390) beg leave to report that they
have agreed to recommend that the House recede
from their disagreement to the Senate's amend-
ment, and agree to the same with an amendment,
viz: Strike out all after the word " pay," in the
1st line of page2, down to "to" in the'2d line,
and that the Senate concur in that amendment.
THOMAS H BAYLY,
C. S. iVJOREHEAD,
A. BURT,
Managers on the part of the House.
JEFFN. DAVIS,
JAMES SHIELDS,
ROBT. C. WINTHROP,
Managers on the part of the Senate.
The report having been read—
Mr. BAYLY said: To save time I will explain
that the amendment upon which the two Houses
disagreed related to the increase of the pay of the
army in California. We have amended the
amendment of the Senate so as to strike out all
that part which had a retrospective operation, and
it is to increase the pay of the officers and men out
there prospectively, until the year 1852, when the
law will expire by its own limitation.
The question was taken, and the report was
concurred in.
[ A message was received from the Senate sta-
ting that that body had agreed to the report of the
committee of conference on the disagreeing vote
of the two Houses on the bill of the House
(No. 390) making appropriations for the naval
service for the year ending June 30, 1851.]
. Mr. HILLIARD moved a concunence.
Concurred in.
ACCOUNTS FOR PUBLIC PRINTING.
Mr. FULLER moved that the House take up
the joint resolution from the Senate (No. 40) in re-
lation to auditing and settling the accounts for
public printing1 during the recess.
The SPEAKER. It is the same resolution
which was passed by the House this morning,
but it was necessary to put it in the form of a
joint resolution.
The resolution was amended on motion of Mr.
Wentworth, (as the resolution of the House
had been in the morning,) so as to exempt from its
operation the obituary notices of the late Presi-
dent of the United States.
And then thejoint resolution was read a third
time and passed.
HICKEY's CONSTITUTION.
Mr. HOLMES asked the unanimous consent
of the House to offer a resolution, which, he said,
concerned the Constitution of the United Slates.
The resolution was read, as follows:
Resolved, That ihe Clerk of the House be directed to
procure (rum the piopn- tor, lor the u-e fit ihe House of Rep
resenidtivee, twenty thousand copies of Hieke.v't, rd uon of
the Constitution, with an Alphabetical Analysis, Washing
ton's Inaugural and Faiew.JI Address, and other impoit-
antstatistical matter initiative of the gowns ot the Amer-
ican Government and the development ot it* pnnciples:
Ptotided, That the lattsf mi; roved edition be tuinisdiul, at
the same pricc as the preceding edition has been lurmslied
to the Senate.
The resolution having been read—
Objection wa.s made to its introduction.
Mr. HOLMES moved a suspension of the
rules. Can I (added Mr. H.) make a remark?
The SPEAKER Only by unanimous consent.
Objection was made.
The question was then taken, and two thirds
not voting in the affirmative, the rules were not
suspended, and the resolution was not received.
Mr. STRONG asked the unanimous consent of
the House to report the following resolution from
the Committee on Elections:
Resolved That the Clerk of the Hm^e be directed to
ascertain, as saou as possible, the legaj expenses of the con-
tested election in the fourth congressional district of Penn-
sylvania, and pay the same out of the contingent fund of
tins House; and that he also be directed to pay to John S.
Littell, the contestant, his mileage and per dtem allowance
trom' the commencement of the present sesMon until the
11th of September, when the content was determined. And
thai he also pay out of the same fund to Charles J. Ingeitoll,
his rmlea«e and per diem allowance while he was contest-
in" the seat of the Hon. Charles Naylor, m the 26th Con-
wres* from the commencement ot the flr-t session until the
13th day of January, 1S40, when the contest was determined
by ihe. House.
Objection being made,
Mr. S. moved a suspension of the rules.
Tellers were ordered—Messrs. Moore and Ba-
ker.
And the question having been taken, the House
refused to suspend the rules, 36 only voting in the
affirmative.
WIDOW OF GENERAL ARMISTEAD.
Mr. BISSELL. There is on the Speaker's table
a small but very meritorious bill whicfi should be
taken up and passed, and can be so, I hGpc, with-
out the necessity of a suspension of the rules. It
is for the relief of the widow of thg late General
Walter K. Armistead. He died, the Government
being in his debt at the time of his death. Since
his death, the Senate, under the unanimous recom-
mendation of the committee, passed by a unani-
mous vote a bill authorizing the payment to his
widow of a small sum—less than $700, the amount
confessedly due to him at the time of his death.
The sum is comparatively sma% but to the desti-
tute widow of a gallant officer, who was a creditor
of the Government at the time of his death, it is im-
portant. I asK the unanimous consent of the House
to tuke up the bill; it will not occupy ten minutes.
The paymaster did not feel authorized to pay the
amount. 1 do not understand any gentleman as
objecting.
Objection was made.
Mr. BISSELL moved a suspension of the rules.
Mr. HUBBARD. Come, let her get her money.
The question was taken, and two thirds not
voting in the affirmative, the rules were not sus-
pended.
ORANGE AND ALEXANDRIA RAILROAD.
Mr. MORTON. Idesnetoask the attention of
the House to a bill on the table of great public im-
portance. It is Senate bill 283, (for the relief of
the Alexandria and Orange Railroad Company )
I ask the unanimous consent of the House that the
Committee of the Whole be discharged from the
consideration of the bill.
The title of the bill was read.
Mr. ROOT, and other gentlemen, called for the
reading of the bill.
The bill was read.
Objection was made.
Mr. MORTON moved a suspension of the rules.
The question was taken, and two thirds not
voting in the affirmative, the rules were not sus-
pended.
Mr. MORTON then asked the unanimous con-
sent of the House to take up a bill for the relief of
Mrs. A. M. Dade, the widow of the late Major
F. L. Dade, United States army.
The title of the bill was read.
Objection having been made—
Mr. MORTON asked leave to make a brief
statement; but it was objected to.
Mr. MORTON moved a suspension of the rules.
Two thirds not voting in the affirmative, the
rules were not suspended.
WIDOW OF THE LATE GENERAL WORTH.
Mr. FEATHERSTON a^ked the unanimous
consent of the J-iouse to move that the Committee
of the Whole he discharged from the further con-
sideration of ihe bill for the relief of Mrs. Margaret
L. Worth, the widow of the late General Worth,
(with a view to put the bill on its passage.)
Objection was made.
Mr. FEATHERSTON. Is it in order for me
to make a remark ?
The SPEAKER. It is not.
Mr. FEATHERSTON. I move to suspend
the rules for the purpose ! have indicated.
The question was taken, and two thirds not
; voting in the affirmative, the rules were not sus-
, pended.
' Mr. MASON asked the unanimous consent of
' the House to make a report from the Committee
' on Accounts, which was read for information, as
I follows;
" Resolocd, That the Speaker of the Hon«e be authorized
i to pay to the several member* of the present Conguss tvb«
| were''prevented by domestic affliction or siekne..^, or by ac-
cident or casualty on the route, from attendance at the com-
mencement of the present of any pievioue session, the
amount to which they would-.have been entitled if they had
not been so detained."
Objection being made—
Mr. MASON moved a suspension of the rules.
Mr. JONES. That is now the law.
The SPEAKER No remarks are in order.
Mr. MASON. It is the same resolution that
has been passed at nearly every session of Con-
gress.
The SPEAKER called to order.
The uestion was taken, and, two thirds not
