THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE,
voting in th6 affirmative, the rules were not sus-
pended.
Mr. MARSHALL asked the unanimous con-
sent of the Hause (in behaff of* his friend from
Louisiana) to call up the Senate hill entitled "An
act for the settlement of certain classes of private
land claims within the limits of the Baron de Bas-
trop grant, and for allowing preemption to certain
actual settlers in the event of the final adjudication
of the title of the said De Bastrop in favor of the
United States.1'
Objection being made—
Mr. MARSHALL moved a suspension of the
rules.
Which motion (two thirds not voting in the af-
firmative) was rejected.
THE PUJLIC PRINTING, &C.
Mr. STANLY asked the unanimous consent of
the House to make a report from the select com-
mittee appointed on the 6th of May last, for the
purpose of having it laid on the table and printed.
Mr. S. asked the unanimous consent of the
House to introduce the following resolution; which
was read for information:
Resolved, That the evidence taken bv the select commit-
tee appointed on the motion of Mr. Wentworth, of Illi-
nois, on the 29th day oi April la®t, to inquire whether there
exi<ts any combination to break up the contract system as
regards the public printing, &e., and the evidence taken by
the select committee on the 6th day ot May last, on the mo
tion of Mr. Stanly of North Carolina, to inquire into the
conduct of office-holders under the last Administration, &c.,
l>e laid on the table and printed
Mr. BAYLY objected.
Mr. STANLY moved a suspension of the rules.
Mr. S. and Mr. BAYLY demanded the yeas
and nays; which were ordered.
The resolution was again read.
INDIAN APPROPRIATION BILL.
Mr. JOHNSON, of Arkansas, rose to what he
supposed to be in the nature of a privileged ques-
tion. He moved that a message be sent to the
Senate, informing that body of the action of the
House on the Indian appropriation bill. He de-
sired the Senate might be informed that, as mat-
ters now stood, the bill was dead.
The SPEAKER. This question can only be
entertained by the unanimous consent of the
House.
No objection having been made, it was ordered
that a message be sent to the Senate, informing
them of the action of the House on the report of
the committee of conference.
THE PUBLIC PRINTING. &C.
The question then recurred on the motion of
Mr. Stanly to suspend the rules to enable him to
introduce the resolution above mentioned, and the
vote having been taken, resulted—yeas 109, nays
46; as follow:
YEAS—Messrs. Alexander, Allen, Alston, Anderson,
Andrews, Bennett, Bokee, Booih, Bowie, Rowlin, iireck,
Briggs, Burrows, Burt, Chester Butler, T. B. Butler, E. C.
Cabell, J. P. Caldwell, Calvin, Can pbell, Canter, Ca*ey,
Chandler, Clarke, Cleveland, Cole, Corwiti, Daniel, Dickey,
Dixon, Duncan, Durkee, Edmundson, Eliot, Alexander
Evans, N-uhan Evans., Featlurston, Fowlei, Freedley,
Goodmow, Gould, Halloway, Hampton, Sampson
W. Harris. Hay, Raymond, Hehard, Henry, Holmes:,
Houston, Howe, Hubbard. Hunter, Julian, Keir,G. G. King,
James G. King, John A. King, Preston King, Horace Mann,
Mart-hall, McKissock, McQ,uet.n, McWillie, Meathani,
Meade, Moore, Morehead, Mori is, Morton, Nelson, Newell,
Ogle, Orr, Otis, Outlaw, Peaslee, Phoenix, Pitman, Putnam,
Reed, Reynolds, Risley, Rockwell, Root. Rumsey', Sackett,
Schermerinun, Schoolcraft* Silvester, Kpauidmg, Sptague,
Stanly, Thaddeus Stevens, John B. Thompson.* Thurman,
Tuck, UndcrhiJI, Van Dyke, Venable, Vinton, Walden,
Wallace, Watkms, Wentworth, White, Whittlesey, Wood,
Woodward, and Wright—109
NAYS—Messrs. Albert^on, Bay, Bayly, Beale, Bissell,
Bocook, Joseph Cable, George A. Caldwell, Williamson
R. W. Cobb, Colc-ock, Diminick, Disney, Dotv, Fitch,
Fuller, Gerry, Hamilton, Hammond, Harlan, I'stmm G.
Harris, Hibbard, Holl day, Joseph W. Jackson, Robert W.
Johnson, Jones, Kaufman, La Sfere, Leffler, Littlefield,
Mason, McLanahan, Miller, PfcU, Phelp-, Potter, Powell,
Bobbins, Savage, Seddon, Frederick P. Stanton, Richard
H. Stanton, Strong, James Thompson, Waldo, Wellborn,
and Young—46. ' ' '
So, two thirds voting in the affirmative, the rules
were suspended.
Mr. STANLY then offered the resolution; and
the question being on its adoption—
Mr. S. moved the previous question. There was
a second. The main question was ordered, and,
being taken, the resolution was adopted.
Mr. S. moved a reconsideration of the vote, and
that that motion be laid upon the table.
Ordered accordingly.
BRANCH MINT AT NEW YORK, &C.
Mr. BRIGGS. I ask the unanimous consent of
Sept. 28,
the House to move that the Committee of the
Whole on the state of the Union be discharged
from the consideration of the bill of the Senate en-
titled "An act to establish a branch mint of the
United States in the city of New York, and a
branch mint and an assayer's office at San Fran-
cisco, in California."
INDIAN APPROPRIATION BILL.
Mr. THOMPSON, of Mississippi , rose, he said,
to what he believed was a privileged question, or
at least in the nature of such. 1 believe, (he con-
tinued,) from the present aspect of things, we are
about to get rid of our treaty stipulations with the
Indians. 1 do not wish to see this done; and I
move, therefore, that we insist on our amendments,
and ask another committee of conference.
The motion was agreed to; and the Speaker ap-
pointed Messrs. Thompson of Mississippi, Vin-
ton, and Johnson of Arkansas, the managers at
the said conference on the part of the House.
BRANCH MINT AT NEW YORK, &C.
Mr. BRIGGS now renewed his motion for the
unanimous consent of the House to move to dis-
charge the Committee of the Whole on the state of
the Union from the consideration of this bill. He
earnestly appealed to the House to sustain his mo-
tion. The importance of-the bitt was well known,
the necessity of its passage admitted. During the
last two Congresses it had received the favorable
action of one or the other House of Congress.
The increasing influx of the precious metals into
New York rendered its passage more and more
imperative. He did not desire to make a speech—
this was no time for speeches. All he asked was
action.
Objection was made.
Mr. BRIGGS moved a suspension of the rules.
And the question being taken, the vote stood—
ayes 70, noes 49.
So, two thirds not voting in the affirmative, the
rules were not suspended, and the motion was not
received.
Mr. ORR asked the unanimous consent of the
House to introduce the following resolution; which
was read for information:
Resolved, That the messenger*? in the employment of the
House be paid the same ptr diem a a i? allowed to the mes-
sengers of the Senate, commencing with the present session
Mr. CARTTER objected.
Mr. ORR moved a suspension of the rules,
which motion (two thirds not voting in the affirm-
ative) was rejected.
[A message was receij^d from the Senate, sta-
ting that that body had agreed to the amendments
of the House to the act to authorize the appoint-
ment of Indian agents in California, and for other
purposes; and the resolution of the Senate relative
to the public printing.]
Mr. McCLERNAND said, he wished to call
the attention of the House to a subject of very
grave and great imporiance.
The SPEAKER. The Chair cannot hear the
gentleman from Illinois.
Mr. McCLERNAND repeated his statement,
and proceeded to say, that during the Mexican
war, a man by the name of Thomas Rider," a
British subject, had been seized under the idea that
he was Riley who deserted from the army of the
United States. He was brought from Matamoros to
Camargo as a deserter. He was put into a vessel
and taken to Tampico. He was transferred to
that place, and kept in a dungeon for five months.
He was tried and sentenced to be executed. The
day arrived, and a multitude assembled at the
place appointed for the execution. Having met
by accident with a Maryland volunteer, he said,
" I am not Riley, the deserter, but Thomas
Rider, a British subject, and a different person."
The volunteer, actuated by feelings of humanity
and justice, went to the British copsul, and in-
formed him of the'fact. The British consul called
upon Colonel Gates, and informed him of the cir- ,
cumstance. The execution was suspended. A call
was made upon General Taylor for a description
of Riley, who was in his battalion. Riley was some
five or six inches taller than Rider. It was ascer- ,
tained that he was not the man. He was dis-
charged. His health, in the mean time, had been |
greatly impaired, and his constitution injured.
Colonel Gates offered to employ him as a team-
ster, but he was incapable of service. A passage
was offered him to New Orleans, but he declined
to go. He went to England, and laid the case be-
fore Lord Palmerston. Lord Palmerston brought
it to the notice of Mr. Clayton, and Mr. Clayton
presented it to the consideration of the Committee
on Foreign Affairs, making itthesubject ofaspecial
communication. The committee authorized him
(Mr. McC.) to report a bill for the relief of Rider,
allowing him all he claimed, some thirty dollars a
month, the whole being something over three
hundred dollars. He moved that the Committee
of the Whole be discharged Yrom the considera-
tion of the bill. 1
Mr. CARTTER desired to know whether this
was the same individual who was the author
of Riley's Narrative? *
Mr. McCLERNAND replied that if the gen-
tleman was so ignorant of chronology as not to
be able to answer his own question, he (Mr. McC.)
could not inform him.
Some conversation followed between Mr. STE-
VENS, of Pennsylvania, and the Speaker on a
point of order.
. The question was then put on suspending the
rules to enable Mr. McClernand to make his
motion. The vote stood—ayes 71, noes 39.
No quorum voting.
Tellers were appointed, (Messrs. Beale, and
King of Rhode Island.)
The question was again taken, and the vote
stoQd—ayes 80, noes 31.
Srill no quorum voting.
The SPEAKER called upon gentlemen to vote
Qji one side or the other.
The question was again taken, and the vote
stood—ayes 81, noes 28.
Still no quorum voting.
A call of the House was moved.
Mr. JONES. If the House is disposed to ex-
ercise its magnanimity and generosity, it can do it
on a tolerably large scale, without injustice to the
country, and with great justice to 
Loud calls to order.
The SPEAKER said, all remarks were out of
order. No quorum had voted on the last division
of the House.
A motion was made that the House adjourn.
The House refused to adjourn.
The question recurred on a motion that there be
a call of the House.
A call of the House was refused.
The question then recurred on the motion of
Mr. McClernand, to suspend the rules for the
purpose of enabling him to move to discharge the
Committee of the Whole, from the consideration
of the said bill.
Mr. McCLERNAND. Is it the sense of the
House that I shall withdraw the motion?
Many Voices. " Yes—yes;" and here and
there a feeble " no."
The SPEAKER. Does the gentleman with-
draw the motion ?
The question not being answered, the Speaker
repeated it.
Mr. McCLERNAND withdrew the motion.
CHARLES W. STEWART.
^ Mr. THOMPSON, of Mississippi, said he de-
sired to offer a resolution, which he hoped the
House, on all sides, would be gratified to hear
iead. +
The resolution was read, as follows:
Resolved, That the Clerk of the House be directed to pay
out of the contingent fund to Charles W. Stewart the same
amount heretofore paid to the assistant doorkeeper, (com-
mencing with the present session,) during his continuance
in office, which shall be until otherwise orde.red by the
House.
The resolution having'been read,
Mr. THOMPSON said, he has discharged the
duties and deserves the pay.
Objection was made to the introduction of the
resolution.
Mr. THOMPSON moved a suspension of the
rules.
Mr. STEVENS, of Pennsylvania. Is he not
included in the resolution which has been passed?
Mr. THOMPSON. This resolution will exclude
him from it.
The question tvas then taken, and the vote stood
—tfyes 90, noes 28.
So the rules were suspended.
And the question being on the adoption of the
resolution,
Mr. THOMPSON demanded the previous ques-
tion.
Mr. CROWELL asked hitn to withdraw, to
admit an amendment.
Mr. THOMPSON declined to withdraw.
