1850.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
functions of this office. I agree with the honora-
ble Senator from Indiana that, so far as relates to
the offices of the States, and of the larger States
in particular, the most effectual way to counter-
balance the effect of the patronage of the Genefal
Government is to give very large salaries. But,
sir, these commissioners are officers whose juris-
diction must necessarily extend to the settlement
of vast claims, which sometimes amount to mil-
lions of dollars. I know several claims which
must necessarily overgo a million of dollars. It
is not for the amount of labor to be performed that
I would select an officer. I know that there are
men who would labor from sunrise to sundown in
some branches of labor, and so these auditors will
do who go over the accounts of the Government
in detail. You can get thousands of men of that
description where you cannot get one man with
the rare combination of qualities to fit him for
such an office as this. If I were the head of the
Republic I would give high salaries to high intel-
lectual and responsible officers, and low salaries to
those who perform manual labor. I would draw
a distinction betw'en mere manual toil and that
kind of duty which involves moral responsibility
and high mental endowments. I should make a
wide difference in the selection of the men for this
particular office, for which, no doubt, there will be
a thousand applicants. I would not give it to any
applicant. I would go through the State tribunals,
and if 1 found one m Mississippi better than any-
where else, I would ask him to come and take it.
I would give it to a man who has filled his judicial
office with high credit. I know much is said
against a life tenure, but it will be a long time be-
fore I shall agree that we shall have as good judges
for ten years to come as we have had for ten years
past. I have no doubt there are in Mississippi
very many eminent judges. It was said of the
Augustan age of literature that perhaps the litera-
ture which had been planted by Cicero and the
republic began but then to exhibit itself. I venture
to say that the judges who are on the bench now
are educated under a far different system from the
short term system, and that the fruits of that sys-
tem will not show themselves for some time to
come.
Mr. FOOTE. I certainly ccfticur fully in the
views stated by my friend from South Carolina
with regard to the importance of giving to all pub-
lic officers good salaries, especially such officers as
those whom we are about to create. I have no
doubt that the salaries should be sufficient to ena-
ble the Government to enlist men of great weight
of character to perform the duties of this office;
but I repeat, I should be as much opposed to ena-
bling these officers to remain in office twelve years
as I would be to permitting them to remain there
for life. Twelve years is a lifetime, and if you put
them in office twelve years continuously, it seems
to me to be obviously certain that they will feel in
their office that sort of independence which is
sometimes commended so warmly by members of
the legal profession as pertaining to the judiciary,
which might be more correctly entitled pride of
opinion, or official arrogance—a sort of independ-
ence, I must confess, I have never respected at all.
The independence of the British judiciary, which
was an independence of the Crown, and an inde-
pendence to be exercised for the benefit of the pub-
lic at large, was a sort of independence very easily
to be felt and very much to be desired. The inde-
pendence of the judiciary in this country, or that
of any other class of officers which simply has the
effect of relieving them from the salutary super-
vision of the people at large, is wholly at war with
republican principles, and should not be tolerated.
The judicial tenure so warmly commended by my
friend was said by Mr. Jefferson to be a solecism
in our system; it was always an object of abhor-
rence and distrust to him. He said'that our fore-
fathers had made a great mistake in having any
office of this sort at all.
1 will not, however, enlarge upon this subject;
but I will say, that if my friend has discovered a
great falling off in point of dignity and efficiency
in that class of officers denominated judicial, he
will find, if he looks a little more narrowly into
the matter, that the supreme judges of the Union
have always been officers appointed during good
behavior. He seems to intimate—I do not know
that I understood him correctly—that there has
b£en some falling off in the respects mentioned, in
the federal judiciary; and although that bench
contains now, as it has heretofore contained, very
able and learned men, I suppose he will agree that
it is not, in all respects, precisely what it was
many years ago. If this be true of that court, I
would like to know to what it is chargeable r I
undertake to assert that it is in some degree
chiPgeable to the tenure of office. I hope to see
the members of theSupreme Court of the United
States elected yet by the people, and for a term
of years. Gentlemen need not be alarmed. When
a similar proposition was brought forward in
Mississippi and in New York a few years ago, it
was just as startling an idea as this isnow; but I un-
dertake to say, that if we were to elect the judges of
the Supreme Court, and have the term of office for
a term of years only, and let them stand respon-
sible to the people of the United States, we should
have as learned and as able a bench as we now
have; and in my opinion, it would be greatly im-
proved. That which has been realized in Missis-
sippi would be realized by the "Federal Govern-
ment. In Mississippi we never hear of a judge
mingling fiercely in party politics. The judge
who should do so would never be elected again.
They never take part in public movements unless
on some great occasion, when all true patriots are
called upon to participate in efforts to promote
the good of their country, or save it from men-
aced ruin. The judge who should participate in
pending elections would be looked upon as a dis-
graced man, although impeachment might not be
tried upon him. That mockery—that proceeding
which we have long since ascertained to be wholly
imperfect and valuefess, might not be resorted to;
but it is certain he would never be elected again.
My friend from South Carolina says the Judi-
ciary has grown worse; but he says he did not
intend to apply it to the Supreme Judiciary. To
whom did he intend to refer? Certainly not to
Mississippi, because there a different state of
things exists, and the Judiciary is in an improved
condition. Our judicial decisions are known to
be much more valuable than those which were
delivered twenty years ago, and I verily believe
that the Judiciary is everywhere better, except in
those unfortunate States where the old tenure for
life is still retained. Now, if my friend intended
to intimate that there is a falling off in the Judi-
ciary in South Carolina, I think he may find it
is from the cause I have endeavored to specify.
Although they mSy have an able Judiciary, as I
have no doubt is the case, yet if the people would
modify their constitution so as to elect their judges
for a term of years, and thus hold them respon-
sible to them, they would, I doubt not, find their
courts more or less improved.
The Senator from South Carolina has said
nothing to diminish my objections to that part of
the bill. I feel disposed to insist, as earnestly as
I did when first up, that the tenure should be
modified as I have suggested. I must confess that
I was somewhat startled when 1 heard this num-
ber of years first mentioned, inasmuch as it looks
to me like an intention to build up a local aristoc-
racy. And I was especially surprised to find that
many of my friends, whom I have known here-
tofore to be somewhat ultra in reference to such
matters, should have gone over, even for a mo-
ment, to such a proposition. And I must say
that I was especially surprised that my friend
from Maine, whom I have always recognized as
being an ultra Democrat, should have lent any aid
to it, or should for a moment have given his sanc-
tion to a plan, one of the certain effects of which
will be that of building up an aristocracy of the
very worst kind at the metropolis of the Union.
Mr. HUNTER. A word or two, sir, merely
by way of explanation. I am not disposed to go
into any debate on the general subject of the " ten-
ure of office," as it appears to me to be a subject
which is altogether aside of and beyond this bill.
But, sir, it strikes me that perhaps we may end
this discussion by proposing something like a
compromise. It has been suggested by the Sena-
tor from Illinois that these commissioners, instead
of holding office for terms of twelve, eight, and
four years, should hold them, in the first in-
stance, for the several periods of nine, six, and
three years. Now, perhaps this is a propositibn
in which Senators will generally concur. Here is
a suggestion which perhaps the honorable Senator
from Mississippi [Mr. Foote] will acknowledge
to be Democratic, as it comes from the State of
Illinois, which is ultra Democratic. In reply to
that Senator's remarks, in relation to the Senator
from Maine, [Mr. Bradbury,] who is not now in t
his seat, I must say that the proposition of that
Senator was for a term of six, four, and two years;
the proposition now in the bill (twelve years) was
mine. Sir, I think no one is less disposed than I
am to build up an aristocracy here of any descrip-
tion; but, if to have an independent judge, if to
have an independent tribunal before which to try
claims and questions of property, is to build up
an aristocracy, then I must have misunderstood
this thing all my life; for I have always conceived
it to be an object of the highest importance to
provide independent tribunals, that should have
power of deciding questions, not only between
man and man, but also between private individ-
uals and the State. But, sir, that is a question the
discussion of which I do not propose to go into;
an argument into which I do not wish to bs
dragged. I hope that we may make a compromise,
so that we may proceed with the bill, and that the
amendment proposed by the Senator from Illinois
will be satisfactory to the Senator from Indiana,
as it is the tenure of the office of judges in the
State of Illinois.
Mr. BUTLER. I agree entirely with the Sen-
ator from Virginia, that this is a topic which is not
necessarily connected with the bill before the Sen-
ate. I think the Senate will bear me witness that
I did not bring under discussion the subject of the
"tenure of offices"—whether they should continue
for a long or short term; and that I made no allu-
sion, specifically, to the Sjpreme Court of the
United States, and that I undertook to draw no
contrast between the judicial functionaries of the
State of Mississippi and those of any other State.
Nor shall I now undertake to say whether the
judges of the State of Massachusetts, who, I be-
lieve, hold their offices for a long term, are better
than those in the Stateof New York, whohold their
seats upon the judicial benches only for a short
term of years; nor shall 1 allude to the illustration
adopted by the Senator from Mississippi one way
or the other. The only difference between myself
and the Senator from Mississippi is this: He is a
radical, progressive Democrat, and I am a con-
servative Republican. [Great laughter.] I love
Republicanism as I found it. 1 love to adhere to
those old-fashioned doctrines, which, I am sorry
to say, have been departed from in some de-
gree. Whether those high and fashionable notions,
which the Senator from Mississippi wishes to
inculcate, are correct or not, I will not undertake
to say.
I merely rose to observe that I shall make no
reference whatever to the Supreme Court, and that
I did not intend to make any such reference;
and further, that I do not draw any comparison
between the judges who now preside in that court
and those who have presided there in time past. I
merely wished to say, that whether you appoint
judges for a long term or a short one, I am most
favorable to that mode which is most likely to se-
cure the entire independence of judicial officers. I
said it would take history to decide whether a
short term or a long term operated most favorably
in the administration of judicial duties. You may
look back for twenty years, and you may look""
forward for twenty years, and ascertain as well
as you may be able what is likely to be the
public sentiment on this question. This was put-
ting the question in as delicate a way as I was
able, without making any allusions of a special
character to any particular State. My deliberate
opinion is, that the longer term is the better for the
general welfare. The offices which we are about
to create 1 regard as very important; and, so re-
garding them, I think it is our duty so to determine
them as to enable us to select the very best men that
can be had in the country to fill them; and then, if
this be true, I think we ought never to subject men
of that kind to political influences, by which they
might be removed every two, four, or six years.
Mr. FOOTE. Mr. President, I wish to make
a very shod reply to the remarks which have jnst
fallen from the honorable Senator from South Caro-
lina. 1 am willing to take upon myself the respon-
sibility of introducing this discussion. I know,
indeed, that thus far I have not discussed it so ably
as I might desire to have done, nor, perhaps, so
well as the honorable Senator from South Caro-
lina. To the extent of my ability, however, I did
discuss that topic, and I thmk it is quite pertinent
to the question now before the Senate.
