1850.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
20 29
B. Thompson, Thutman, Underbill, Van Dyke, Walden,
Watkins, Wentworrh, White, and Woodward—66.
NAYS—Messrs'. Alberlson, Alburn, Ash#1, Bay, ttoeock,
Booth, Bowdon, Bowhn, Albert G. Brown, E. C. Cabell,
Jo.-eph P. Caldwell, Cleveland, W. ft. W. Cobb, Dunnnck,'
Disney, Duncan,Dunham, Edmundson, Feathersion, Pitch,
Puller, Goiry, Grinneil. Hall, Hamilton, Hammond, Harlan,
Sampson W. Harris, Hibbard, Holladay, Joseph W. Jack-
son, Jones, Kaufman, George G King. La Sfere, Leffier,Lit-
tlefield, MiCIernand, McLnnahan, Robert M. MeLape,
Meade, .Miller, Millson, Morehead,Morton, Parker, Peaaiee,
Peck, Potier, Powell,Bobbins, Ros3, Savage, Seddon, Fred-
erick P. Stanton, lliehaid II. Stanton, Strong, Waldo, Whit-
tlesey, and Young—60.
So the motion to reconsider the vote by which
the House had refused to concur in the report of
the committee of conference was laid on the table.
The question then recurred on the motion of the
gentleman from North Carolina, [Mr. Stanly,]
that the House insist on its disagreement to the
amendments of the Senate, and ask the appoint-
,ment of another committee of conference.
Mr. STANLY addressed the Chair, and was
recognized.
^ Mr. KAUFMAN. I rise to a privileged ques-
tion. It is now the Sabbath day, 1 move that the
House adjourn.
The SPEAKER. That is not such a privileged
question as will entitle the gentleman from Texas
[Mr. Kaufman] to take the floor from the gentle-
man'from North Carolina, [Mr. Stanly.]
Mr. STANLY. Is it in order to say a word ?
The SPEAKER. The motion submitted by
the gentleman from North Carolina [Mr. Stanly]
is open to debate.
Mr. STANLY then said a few words, (very im-
perfectly heard.) He was understood to urge
upon gentlemen to stand firm upon the ground
•which they had taken. The question involved in
the amendment of the Senate was not a simple
question of money; a great public principle was at
issue. This House was theguardian of the public
Treasury. The Constitution of the United States—
the great chart of American liberty—expressly pro-
vided that revenue billsshould originate in the House
of Representatives. Why? Because upon that body
devolved the high responsibility of laying upon
the people those burdens of taxation, by which
the public Treasury was supplied with means for
the support of the Government. The Committee of
Ways and Means of this House had originated
this bill—the Senate had not originated it—and
the amendment which the Senate had made in re-
lation to the public printing was nothing more nor
less than an attempt to foist upon this House a
private claim which the House had again and
again rejected by yeas and nays; and yet the
Senate insisted upon bringing this—the House of
the people—to the terms which it chose to dictate,
or, as an alternative, to sacrifice the bill. Upright
and honorable men in this House were not, he
hoped, to be frightened from their propriety in this
way. He trusted that they would stand firm on
the ground which they had taken, be the conse
quences what they might. He had no more to
say. He demanded the previous question.
drreat excitement and confusion prevailed through
the House.
There was a second to the demand for the pre-
vious question*
The main question was ordered, and, having
been taken, the motion of Mr. Stanly was agreed
to.
So the House insisted on its disagreement to the
amendments of the Senate, and ordered that
another committee of conference should be ap-
pointed on the part of this House.
Mr, BfJRT, (to the Speaker.) Will it now be
in order to move that the House recede from its
first disagreement ?
The SPEAKER. The House has just deter-
mined to insist, and to ask another committee of
conference.
Mr. MEADE. I move a reconsideration of the
v^te just tak^n. And I inquire whether the mo-
tion is debatable ?
The SPEAKER, ft is.
Mr. OR ft inquired whether the gentleman from
Virginia [Mr. Meade] had voted with the major-
ity ?
Mr. MEADE. I did not vote at all.
The SPEAKER, if the gentleman did not
vote in the affirmative the motion is not in order.
Mr. MEADE resumed his seat.
Mr. ORR. I move a reconsideration of the
vote just taken, and that that motion be laid upon
the table.
Ordered accordingly.
The question then recurred on the resolution of
Mr. Woodward, and the amendment of Mr.
Crowell-
Mr, CROWELL desired to modify his amend-
ment.
The SPEAKER said,ft was not in order.
Mr. CROWELL asked that the amendment
might be i ead for information.
The SPEAKER called to the Chair Mr. Bttrt,
of South Carolina.
The amendment'of Mr, Crowell was read.
Mr. CARTTER rose to a question of order,
which was not heard, but which may be inferred
from the reply of
The SPEAKER (pro tem.)—that the gentleman
from Ohio [Mr. Crowell] could not modify his
amendment after a motion had been made to lay
on the table.
Mr. WOODWARD, (to the Chair.) At the
time the committee of conference made their re-
port, a resolution of mine was pending.
The SPEAKER, (pro (em.) A motionjwas
made to (ay the whole subject on the table, and
that is the pending question.
 Mr, HAMPTON desired tto moveuan amend-
ment to the amendment.
The CHAIR said, it was not in order, as a mo-
tion was -pending to lay both the resolution and the
amendment on the table.
And the question having been taken, and decided
in the affirmative, the resolution and amendment
were laid on the table.
Mr. HAMPTON (leave having'fbeen denied)
moved a suspension of the rules to enable him to
offer the following resolution:
Revolved, That the Clerk of the House of Representa-
tives pay to James J. Randolph, out of the contingent tund
of the House, fifty cem  per day in addition to the per diem
already allowed him, commencing with the beginning of the
present session.
Mr. JONES moved that the House adjourn.
The SPkAKER, (pro tern-) What is the mo-
tion of the gentleman ?
Mr. JONES. I move that the House adjourn,
and asK the yeas and nays.
The yeas and nays were refused, and the House
refused to adjourn.
The question then recurred on the motion of
Mr. Hampton to suspend the rules, and, two
thirds having voted m the affirmative, (by the count
of tellers, Messrs. Cole and Edmundson,) the
rules were suspended, and the resolution was be-
fore the House.
Mr. HAMPTON moved the previous question
on the adoption of the resolution.
[A message was received from the Senate, by
Mr. Fitzpatrick, their clerk, announcing the fact
that that body had passed a joint resolution to ex-
tend the provisions of a joint resolution for the
benefit of Frances Slocum and her children and
grandchildren, approved March 3, 1845, to certain
other individuals of the same tribe.]
Mr. WOODWARD asked the gentleman from
Pennsylvania [Mr. Hampton] to withdraw the
demand for the previous question.
Mr. HAMPTON (on the pledge of renewal by
Mr. Woodward) withdrew the demand for the
previous question.
Mr. WOODWARD moved to amend the reso-
lution as follows:
"Resolved, That William G. Stewart, the assistant folder
on the floor of the [iou*e of Representatives, be allowed the
><une pay and compensation as a messenger for his services,
commencing with the present session of Congress."
Mr. W. moved the previous question.
Mr. MASON inquiied whether it was in order
to move to refei^these matters to the Committee
on Accounts, with instructions to inquire what
the duties and the compensation were.
Mr. CROWELL asked Mr. Woodward to
withdraw his demand for the previous question
to admit an amendment.
Mr. WOODWARD said, being under pledge,
he could not.
The question was taken, and fifty-two members
voted in favor of the previous question. Tellers
(Messrs. Peck and Evans) were appointed; and
the vote being again taken, stood—ayes 74, noes
53; a second.
And the #iain question was ordered to be taken.
THE INDIAN APPROPRIATION BILL.
Mr. THOMPSON, of Mississippi. I ask the
indulgence of the House to make a report from
the committee of conference on the disagreeing
votes of the two Houses on the Indian appropria-
tion bill. The committee on the part of the House
met the committee on the part of the Senate, and
have agreed upon a report. We make now the
same report as we made before, with this differ-
ence: In the case of the Indian, or Potawatomie
appropriation, ($88,000,) the House has receded,
upon new testimony adduced since the committee
left the House—that is to say, the late Secretary
of the Interior [Mr. Ewwg] appeared before the
committee, and made such a statement as satisfied
us that the claim was correct. The House then
receded. We have also receded from thedisagree-
ing vote of the House upon the Texan claim, (for
eight companies for the deffepce of the frontier.)
This was done upon the unanimous recommenda-
tion of the committee of the Senate and of the
Military Affairs of the House, and one of the
Senators from Texas appeared before the commit-
tee of conference, and made statements which w^re
satisfactory. This U $72,< 00. With these differ-
ences, the report is the same as before.
[Several Voices. The Georgia claim is re-
tained.
Mr. THOMPSON. I move the previous ques-
tion on the adoption of the report.
The report was then read.
Some conversation followed between Mr. STE=
VENS, of Pennsylvania, Mr. THOMPSON, ana
Mr. JOHNSON, of Arkansas.
The previous question was then seconded, and
the main question was ordered.
Mr. JONES. I ask the yeas and nays. There
is a good deal in that amendment.
The yeas and nays were ordered; and having
been taken, resulted—yeas75, nays 61; as follow:
YEAS—Messrs. Alberlson. AMon, A^hmun, Baker,
Bavly, Bokee, Bowdon. Bowie, Bowhn, Breok,
A. G. Brown, Burrows, Thomas B. Butler, Calvin, Ctvey,
Chandler, Cleveland, Chngtnan, CioweH, Doty, Duncan,
Dunham, Edmund.-on, Ehor, Fitch, Freedlev, Gilbert,
Gould, Grinnell, Hampton, Harlan, Hajinoud, Holladay,
Holme?. Joseph VV. Jackson. Robert W. Johnson, Julian,
Kaufman, Kerr, Janu s G. King, Horace Mann, Mhsop,
McClernand, McKis?ock, Meachain, Meade, Moore, Moie-
head, Morton, Nelson, Ojrl  , On-*, Pttnian, Potter, Putnam,
Reed, Robbins, Sehermerhorn, Seddon, Silvester, Spaul-
•dms, Sprague, Frederick P. Stanton, Richard H. Sianton,
Taylor, Jacob Thompson, John 8. Thompson, Tuck, [Jn-
derlnll, Van Dyke, Walden, Wentworth, White, Wright,
and Young—75.
JV'AVS—Me>srs. Alexander, Anderson, Ashe, Bav, Ben-
nett, C. Butler, E. C Cabell, Joseph Table, Joseph P.
Caldwell, Campbell, Cartter. W. R. W. Cobb, Colcock,
Dickey, Disney, Dixon, N. Evan*, Feather«tori, Fowler,
Fuller, Gerry, Golt, Ilalloway, Hamilton, H->y, Houston,
Howe, Andrew Johnson, Jones. George G. King, Preston
King, Littlefleld, Marshall, McQueen, Miller, Mtllson,
Morris, Outlaw, Parker, Pcaslee, Peck, Phelps, Phoenix,
Powell, Reynolds, Root, Ross, Rumsey, Savage, Sehooi-
crift, Thaddeus Stevens, Stetson, Strong, Jas. Thompson,
Vmton. Waldo, Watkins, Whittlesey, Wildrick,and Wood-
ward— 61.
So the report was agreed to.
On motion by Mr. THOMPSON, of Missis-
sippi, a motion made by him to reconsider the
vote, was laid upon the table.
The question recurred on the adoption of the
resolution of Mr. Hampton, and the amendment
of Mr. Woodward.
Mr. WOODWARD desired to modify his
amendment.
The SPEAKER (pro tem.) said it was not in
order after the previous question had been ordered.
Mr, JONES. This is Sunday. We have been
here long enough. It is time the House should
adjourn. I make that motion, and I call for the
yeas and nays.
The yeas and nays were not ordered.
And the question having been taken, the House
refused to adjourn.
The,, question then again recurred on the amend-
ment of Mr. Woodward to the resolution of Mr.
Hampton-
The amendment—by ayes 85, noes not counted—
was agreed to.
And, after some conversation, the resolution, as
amended, was adopted.
Mr. HAMPTON moved a reconsideration of
the vote, and that that motion be laid upon the
table.
OideFed accordingly.
CALIFORNIA.
Mr. PHELPS (leave having been denied)
moved a suspersioti of the rules, for the purpose
of enabling: him to move that the House proceed
to the'consideration of Senate bill entitled 41 An act
to make temporary provision for the working and
