936
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
May 7,
i. tendency to bring it about. I merely wanted to
show what effect this amendment would have in
regard to establishing the principle.
Mr. FOOTE. I simply rise, Mr. President, in
aid of the suggestion of the Senator from Maine,
[Mr. Bradbury,] and to unite with him in protest-
ing against the rash and hasty decision of a grave
and important question in the mode proposed by
thehonorableSenatorfromTennessee, [Mr. Bell ]
I am unwilling to treat a question of such import-
ance so slightingly, and to award at once an authori-
tative decision upon it, as so warmly urged by the
gentleman from Tennessee. I understood him to
say distinctly, in his first remarks, that if we sanc-
tion this amendment, and it should receive the
approbation of the House of Representatives, he
should look upon it"as an authorative declaration
of principle by the two Houses of Congress in
opposition to former precedents. This is a great
undertaking, a serious matter,indeed, thus to settle
a question which divided public sentiment so serio-
usly in 1789, and which has much divided public
sentiment ever since. I repeat that I am unwilling,
in connection with a bill like this, or in any very
hasty manner, to bring on the settlement of this
question. I shall be willing, at a proper time, to
go into an examination of the subject in all its
bearings, as a general question of great public
moment, calmly and deliberately to be considered
and acted upon, and with something of composed
dignity.
Mr. BELL. Upon what more important bill
would the Senator from Mississippi decide this
question ? „
Mr. FOOTE. I would say a bill for the pur-
pose of effecting a general settlement of the whole
question, in application to all officers throughout
the country, in connection with which we could
adopt such a provision without a transcension of
our constitutional powers. This is a special bill,
and I am not willing, for one, thus hastily, and
without due examination and thorough argument,
to go into a settlement of the qustion alluded to. I
am unwilling to render a decision now, and upon
the bill before us, if it is to have the permanent
effect described by the honorable Senator from
Tennessee. I beg leave to suggest that the honor-
able Senator seems to have fallen into great error
in other respect3. It is true that these officers
are to have certain judicial functions; but, strictly
speaking, they are not judicial officers. They are
accounting officers, auditors; and their decision is
in but few cases, if any, to be final. Now, how
they can be considered judicial officers, in the sense
in which the Senator i'rom Tennessee appears to
understand it, I cannot conceive.
Permit me to observe that I am not surprised at
the zeal which the honorable Senator has mani-
fested on the present occasion. I think that the
exhibition which he has given us this morning of
his desire to effectuate a great scheme of reform 1
such as he has delineated, is not'Wily natural and
becoming, but decidedly praiseworthy. He seems
to me, in urging this plan of reform upon us, to
rise far above all mere party considerations. I give
h lm credit for great elevation of purpose, and pu-
rity of motives. J know it must have cost him a
severe struggle to meet this very delicate question
so boldly as he has met it; because his speech j
seems clearly to imply that he has very recently :
discovered that the power of the Executive in
connection with official displacement may be most
^awfully abused—that the most serious mischiefs .
may arise, and have already arisen, from the prac-
tice of proscription on the part of the Execu-
tive.
The Senator from Tennessee, although he is '
distinguished for many things highly honorable 1
to him, not having been distinguished, so far as I
have learned, on any former occasion by such
zeal as he has manifested at the present time; not
having even made before, at least in this body, a
solemn declaration of his opinion that any such
alteration in the action of the Government should
be effected as he now recommends, I feel author- 1
ized to take it for granted that he, in common with
many other patriotic individuals, has experienced
disgust at the manner m which this branch of Execu-
tive power has been put in exercise of late. I say
again that I award him great credit for this implied
admission. It required much moral courage thus to
make known his views to the country. It is a
manly confession of delinquency, which I hope
will have its effect elsewhere; and I trust this i!
rebuke will be efficient in the work of reform in the
right quarter.
Gentlemen in high places, intrusted with au-
thority by the people, will now understand that
they cannot pursue such a course as has been pur-
sued in this country for the last twelve moi^fs,
however distinguished they may be for patriotism,
however worthy of admiration as men, however
exalted their intellectual powers, without incurring
censure from all good men of all parties. They will
understand that they cannot pursue this course
without calling forth the language of indignation
and rebuke, notonly from their political opponents,
but even from their high-minded supporters. The
speech of the Senator from Tennessee this morn-
ing I hold to be a most salutary and seasonable
warning. I hope it will be listened to. I thank
him for that speech; I hope the American peo-
ii pie will thank him for the admission which he
11 has made; and I trust that he will unite with ray-
| j self and others in endeavoring to effect the reforms
l| wnich his speech appears to indicate as being so
;j essentially requisite to the welfare of the country
and the henor of our free institutions.
Mr. BELL. I am afraid my friend from Mis-
sissippi will not think so well of me when he
hears me through. Certainly I am not entitled,
on the giound which he has placed it, to the
slightest advance in his respect or admiration. If
the Senator had heard me a few days ago, he
would have heard me avow that in my opinion
•there had been no proscription under the present
Administration, so far as I had examined, and
that the arbitrary absolute power of the Executive
control over the public officers of the country had
been manifested in no single case, so far as I had
heard or been informed.
Mr. FOOTE, (in his seat.) I did not hear the
Senator on the occasion to which he refers.
Mr. BELL. 1 admitted that there might have
been cases where the President had removed from
office under a mistake of existing or alleged facts,
or where he had been imposed upon, as no doubt
'j instances had occurred under other, and would
] occur under any Administration. 1 believe the
present Administration, though there have been a
great many removals, has acted under a doctrine
directly the contrary of proscription. If the Sena-
\ tor from Mississippi and myself understand the
! word proscription in the same sense, then we dif-
i fer totally in regard to the acts of the Administra-
te tion. I say that I do not know of an act of pro-
j; scription, or of the tyrannical arbitrary power to
remove an officer of the present Administration,
, or of any removal except on such causes as have
i, heretofore been held to be good and sufficient by
, such men as Jefferson. I understand that General
Taylor has notactejl on the ground that he had the
power, or, if he had, that he thought it proper to
remove any public officer from any station what-
ever, where there was a mere difference of opinion.
; I did not say that I knew not of any instance of
' the kind; for, as I stated the other day, after some
diligent inquiry, I have ascertained that in some
■ two or three cases of which I have heard, that
: was not so distinctly the ground upon which the
President had acted. But I do not mean to pur-
sue this subject further in connection with this
; bin. |
In regard to another remark of the Senator from j
Mississippi, that this was a new subject, and a '
principle for the first time advanced by me as a J
member of Congress, I can tell the honorable Sen- .
ator, that though my course has been humble, and ;
not attracting the attention of the country so much I
as that of other distinguished gentlemen who have j
, occupied a seat in this and the other House of Con- I
j gress, yet for five or sixyears I devoted alarge por- j
; tion of time to the investigation of this subject; and i
| whilst there was a ray of hope of' bringing a major- j
i ity in the other House to a. proper sense of what 1 '
| considered thetrueprincipleofiheConstitutiori,and '
| theessential pnncipleof preserving the purity ofthe .
, elective franchise, so necessary to the permanent
; stability of this Government, I did persevere in at-
tempting to advance the same principles to which I
have alluded to-day. I repeat, again, that for five or
sixyears,averylargeportionofthetimewhilel was |
a member of the other House, was devoted to this !
subject, and to the investigation of this principle, !'
and in attempts to impress upon that body the
dangerous tendency of this doctrine of the abso- i'
lute, uncontrolled power of the President to re-
move from office without any allegation or charge; jj
and particularly without any cause at all. In
regard to this question 1 must say, that I think it
was a most appropriate occasion to have presented
the point which 1 did. What can be more im-
j portant, when it is proposed to establish a board
I which is to have the disposal of millions of money,
! and to stand in the place of an accountant-general
j for all claims from the Governmen t, than the asser-
I tion of the power of Congress over this absolute,
1 uncontrolled power claimed by the President, of
1 removing incumbents from office without any
cause? The board, it is true, will not be a final
resort in all these claims; but it will be a very ex-
] traordinary case where Congress will undertake to
investigate and overrule their decisions. And, 1
I repeat again, what more appropriate occasion can
I arise, what more important measure can be pre-
sented for the assertion of this power of Congress ?
I I will state, as respects this bill, though a favor-
| ite of mine, as it has been for many years past,
i and while I am aware it is impossible to perfect
, one at this time which will thoroughly satisfy me,
that my vote in favor of it will depend very much on
' the term of office which shall be fixed, and the power
which Congress shall retain over them. With the
i important duties that are to be vested in them, I
I desire that they shall not be in the slightest degree
I subjected to Executive influence. If they are, and
l are to be the subjects of removal every three or
1 four years, I doubt very much whether men of
! the proper skill, ability, and character throughout
I the whole country, can be procured, to come to
: Washington to discharge those duties; and once
here, to have them exercising those great and im-
1 portant duties, so far as the amount of money is
: concerned, subject to the changing party adminis-
| trations of the Government, and exposed to the
j imputation of conforming their acts to the varied
j tide and fortunes of the political parties of the
country, is what I can never consent to. And if
this is to be so, I am against this bill,
i Mr. FOOTE. The Senator from Tennessee
! has done me serious injustice in supposing that I
; had designed to accuse the Administration of hav-
| ing practised proscription. Whatever may be .
' true upon this point, I have not designed to press
i any such accusation in a regular way myself upon
1 this occasion. I have endeavored to avoid, as far
i as possible, the presentation of any distinct charges
I of a dishonoring character against the Adminis-,
; tration. I have repeatedly declared, and have
' acted on that declaration, that it was the bounden
; duty of all of us here to exhibit nothing like a
factious opposition to the Administration; but to
j give it a fair opportunity, in the exercise of its
legitimate powers, of maturing and carrying into
; execution such measures of policy as might, in
! their judgment, be best calculated to promote the
, happiness of the whole country, as well in regard
i to its domestic as its foreign concerns. I certainly
i misconceived the Senator from Tennessee most
grievously, since I did understand him as evincing
! m his speech, just now delivered in our hearing, a
zeal seldom manifested in the discussions of this
! body, in connection with a grand scheme of re-
form, of which he has become the earnest cham-..
pion, and really supposed that this zeal had been
engendered chiefly by recent occurrences. The
Senator will at least permit me to say that, al-
though he now only reannounces one of the con-
stituent portions of a political creed of which, as he
informs us, he \ as for six years an advocate else-
where, and at quite an early period of his public
life, yet that it is nevertheless tiue that he has
been for some years past quite silent on the subject.
So far as I have been able to learn, this is the first
development of his views here, however faithfully
retained by him, and at one tune warmly expressed
in the other wing of this Capitol. Now, inasmuch
as he has been here for three years past, and has
been thus far perfectly silent upon this topic, was
I not authorized, to some extent, to draw the con-
clusion that he, like some others, has seen some-
thing m recent proceedings of the Government
touching the displacement of officers which ap-
peals to him as a patriot, as we all believe him to
be, to seek the earliest opportunity of makin" his
opinions known to the public, and especially to
those in power, with a view to bringing to a close
those scenes of proscription which have caused so
many patriotic hearts to swell with indignation,
arid awakened serious apprehensions as to the
permanency of our free institutions ?
If I have run into any error in regard to this
