1850.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
937
matter, I regret the fact most deeply. If I erred
in supposing that the Senator from Tennessee,
earnest as he was in his language just now, has seen
nothing in the present transactions of the Govern-
ment to incite him to increased zeal, and to prompt
that fervid appeal to which we have listened with
so much pleasure upon this occasion, 1 am sure
that what I have said was at least not at all calcu-
lated to disparage him in public estimation. The
honorable Senator complains in one breath of
abuses, crying abuses, and enormous evils, which
he says exist, and need at once the hand of reform,
and in the next he virtually at least says, that on
looking over the condition of things in the country,
he sees no such evils at all, and insists that none
such exist. If no instance of proscription has
occurred under this Administration, I feel author-
ized to assert that there is no earthly need of that
plan of reform which the Senator has been so
warmly advocating this morning; because it is
certain that proscription can never yet have oc-
curred in the whole history of the Government.
One proposition I venture to presume that neither
the Senator from Tennessee nor any other Senator
will venture to dispute, and that is, that a much
larger number of expulsions from office have taken
place under this Administration, for some cause
or for no cause whatever, than ever occurred under
any other, and perhaps 1 might say, than all others
put together; therefore, if there has been no abuse
of the power of displacement practised under this
Administration, it would appear that no such evil
as proscription for opinion's sake has ever arisen
among us, to call for that remedial interposition
which the honorable Senator from Tennessee has
so vehemently invoked on this occasion. To le-
gislate for the suppression of an evil which has
never yet had a real existence, seems to me to be
visionary and fanciful in the extreme; nor am I
willing to do so even under the seductive persuasion
of the honorable Senator from Tennessee.
Now, I say again, I do not charge the Admin-
istration with having produced proscription. I
have not accused or denounced those in power in
connection with this matter. 1 am very willing
to postpone censure on this head until I find out
those facts, and which it seems the Senator from
Tennessee has been able already to obtain knowl-
edge of, in connection with the various instances
of official displacement which have occurred. I
shall pursue a quiet course on this subject, and
when we do obtain the proper information m re-
gard to it, I am prepared to do justice to all con-
cerned. But I have this remark to make: If the I
Senator from Tennessee has actually found out
and ascertained that there has been no proscrip-
tion for opinion's sake under this Administra-
tion—a statement which now I do not care about
denying, because it would be ungracious to do so
in the face of the positive averment of the Senator
to that effect; if he has thoroughly examined the
subject, and has clearly ascertained that not a
single instance of proscription for opinion's sake
has yet occurred, and such multiplied cases of
official unworthiness have been found out, then I
have to say that we must have sadly degenerated
from the purity of former generations, and have
become the most profligate, the most corrupt, and
the most degraded people the world ever saw. If
ail these instances of expulsion from public office,
so multiplied as to raise a feeling of universal in-
dignation throughout the land, have arisen in con-
sequence of official unworthiness, then I repeat we
have become the most corrupt, aDandoned, profli-
gate, and degraded people the God of Heaven
ever permitted to er.joy the blessings of civil and
religious liberty. I do not at present deny this to
be our deplorable condition; but I do not make
issue with the honorable Senator who has given
utterance to the surprising declaration, simply on
account of the high personal respect I entertain
for him, and my unwillingness to deny positively
the existence of a state of facts, in belief of which ;
he has so formally avouched. .Let me beseech j
him, though, if he knows where adequate and sat- |
isfactory information on this very painful subject j
can be obtained, that he will use his best exertions
to have it forthcoming, for the- benefit of us all,
and with a view to the effectual vindication of
those in power against one of the most serious
accusations that has yet been preferred against I
them. It is indeed important to the honor of the
nation that this charge, if unjustly preferred, j
should be met and put down by irrefutable testi-1
mony. It is important to the character and pop-
ularity of those in power, that all the mystery
which has heretofore enveloped this subject should
be dissipated by the production of the actual facts
of the case. Let us have them at once, and let
the public mind be relieved from the gross error
in which it has become involved in regard to the
conduct of the President and his official advisers
touching removals from office. A very different
opinion from that avowed by the honorable Sena-
tor from Tennessee, I can assure him, prevails
upon this subject in the country generally. I be-
lieve that at this time 99-100ths of our people—
Whigs and Democrats, if such a state of facts ex-
ist as the Senator from Tennessee asserts to be the
case—are in a state of most unfortunate delusion
in regard to them. The sound-thinking portion
! of our citizens at the present time, do generally
| indulge the belief that the most sweeping expul-
I sion from office for opinion's sake has occurred
j under this Administration.
j I regret the broad declaration of the honorable
i Senator, on this head, for special reasons. I do not
profess to have looked into the whole subject with
minute and scrutinizing diligence; but some cases
have come under my own observation, in connec-
tion with which, I undertake to say to the Senator
from Tennessee, (without designing to indulge in
any special denunciation of the President or of
the Cabinet at all,) that if some individuals with
whose merits I am well acquainted, have not
been expelled from office for opinion's sake, the
President and his Cabinet must have been more
egregiously imposed on and deceived than were
ever any set of men before in all Christendom;
because it is undeniably true, that worthy officers
i have been turned out of office in the State which 1
in part represent, known to the whole country to
be as high-minded, capable, and patriotic, as any
men in the Republic. Yes, sir, men who have
nobly shed their blood in defence of the country;
men who fought with Jackson at New Orleans,
and who fought with him in his Indian battles,
have been fated to suffer expulsion apparently
without fault, and without even suspicion of de-
linquency. One venerable personage in my own
State, I know well, and who is doubtless well
known to the honorable Senator from Tennessee,
also. I allude to General Rayburn, late marshal
of the northern judicial district of the State of
Mississippi. This gentleman served, if I mistake
riot, most honorably in the legislative councils of
the SLate of Tennessee, for severed years. He was
for many years a member of the Mississippi Sen-
ate. He signalized his patriotic valor in some
dozen battles of the late war with Great Britain.
His character is spotless. His official fidelity and
competency were beyond doubt or denial. And
yet he is one of the multitudinous list of pro-
scribed officers, none of whom, the Senator from
Tennessee insists, were dismissed from public em-
ployment except upon official grounds. I might
go into a pretty extensive citation of instances of
the same kind, in the State of Mississippi and the
adjoining States, were I willing to weary the Sen-
ate, and seriously inclined to hot controversy with
my friend from Tennessee. But I forbear, and
will only remind him of a single case besides,
which fortunately belongs to his own State, and he
is therefore bound to know all the particulars con-
nected with it. Let me ask him what he thinks
of the displacement of General Armstrong, our
late excellent Consul to Liverpool? Was he dis-
missed, too, for some other cause besides his being
a Democrat? What grievous crime had he com-
mitted ? What want of qualification had lie dis-
played ? Who doubts his love of country—of
that man who fought side by side with Jackson
in battle, enjoyed his confidence and friendship for
forty years of his glorious life, and praises of !
whom were upon the lips of the dying Hero of the
Hermitage, during his last moments? General
Armstrong was displaced to make way for a young
gentleman of whom I shall say nothing in dispar-
agement; but I will mention that he is the son of a
distinguished personage, for whom we all enter-
tain high personal respect, and who did more to
secure the election of General Taylor to the Presi-
dency than any ten men in the Republic beside.
Was this not a case of proscription? Was this
not a case of displacement for opinion's sake, and
of appointment in requital of political support?
I should really be pleased to hear how the honora-
ble Senator from Tennessee explains this, and a
thousand other cases equally striking whichcould
becited without trouble.
Mr. President, the honorable Senator from Ten-
nessee, by yielding the authority of his name to
the assertion so often made by others, that no pro-
scription for opinion's sake has taken place under
this Administration, has, I apprehend, done seri-
ous injustice to a numerous and most meritorious
class of his countrymen, whose misfortune it i3 to
have been expelled from places of public trust,
without any known allegation of official demerit
of any kind. This denial to-day that any of
those men were dismissed on account of their po-
I litical opinions, necessarily raises an implication
! of official unworthiness against them all which
cannot but operate most injuriously. Let me in-
| voke him at least to unite with us in securing to
j them, each and all,,an opportunity of defending
1 themselves against this most in jurious implication.
I Let me urge upon him the justice of cooperating
with us in bringing all the facts connected with
these cases of official displacement at once to
light, by the adoption of the resolution some time
since introduced by the honorable Senator from
Maine, [Mr. Bradbury,] and which is now
awaiting our action, and which respectfully calls,
upon the President for full information upon this
whole subject.
Mr. BELL. Mr. President, I wish to eay, in
reply to ihe Senator from Mississippi 
Mr. TURNEY. I have something to say,
which, perhaps, my colleague would prefer to reply
to at the same time.
Mr. BELL. Very well, I will give way for my
'colleague.
Mr. TURNEY. I had not intended to partici-
pate to-day, or on any other occasion, in the dis-
cussion of this matter of removals from office. I
hold it to be my duty, however, to defend the
reputation of a portion of those who have been
proscribed, and who reside in the State which I in
part represent. I was not here some days ago,
when my colleague made his speech on the reso-
lutions of the Senator from Maine, or I should
then have replied to his remarks on that occasion,
and which greatly surprised me when I read them.'
I have never doubled that my colleague would
himself admit that some of the officers who have
been removed were in every way qualified and
woithy of the stations which they held. As
one of these, I would select a gentleman residing
in the same town with my colleague, Jesse B.
Clemens, Esq., in relation {to whose removal I
offered, at an early day in the session, a resolution
calling on the department for the papers now on
file. And if we could have access to those papers,
and they could be published, the character of this
gentleman would not be affected thereby, whether
charges were made against him by the President
himself, his Cabinet, or any one else. Sir, he held
an office which never before was proscribed. I
believe it was thft first time since Tennessee be-
came a member of the Union, that the marshal of
the middle division of the State has been removed.
And after General Taylor was elected and came
into office, the two judges of the federal court, the
district and the circuit courts, united in a strong
letier recommending the continuance of this gen-
tleman in office. The district judge, as my col-
league knows, is as strong and decided a Whig as
is to be found in Tennessee, and a gentleman in
every sense of the word; indeed there is no gen-
tleman more decided in his political opinions than
is Judge Brown. In addition to this, this gentle-
man had the recommendation of three judges of
the supreme court of the State, two of whom were
strong Whigs, setting forth his character, capaci-
ty, qualifications, and standing in the community,
and asking his continuance in office. He had,
besides, a strong recommendation from the chan-
cellor of the courts, who is also a Whig, as well
as of the circuit judge of the State courts, who is
another Whig. And he had, 1 believe, the unani-
mous recommendation of the bar at Nashville,
where the court was holden, two-thirds of whom
were Whigs. And in addition to all this, he had
the recommendation of the grand jury and the
petit juiy of the supieme court holden at Nash-
ville. All this was unsolicited, and the papers
are now on file, or were on file, in the department
at the time of his removal. If my colleague
thinks, as his speech would seem to imply, that
this gentleman ought to have been removed for
cause, upon charges, I think he is about the only
