2032
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
Sept. 27.
amotion to reconsider that vote has been laid upon
the table ? Is there such a thing on the record ?
The SPEAKER. A committee of conference
has been appointed after two adherences*, not here,
but the parliamentary precedents show such a state
of things.
Mr. BURT. I desire to ask whether the bill
will not be sent to the Senate with a message set-
ting forth the action of the House ?
•The SPEAKER indicated that a message would
be sent to the Senate informing that body of the
action of the House.
Mr. BURT. Then it will be for the Senate to
determine whether they will recede from their
amendment, or defeat the bill. I hope the House
wdl wait and hear from the Senate.
Mr. HALL. I cannot see any good to be at-
tained by waiting here any longer, i move that
the House adjourn, (half-past three.)
Mr. KAUFMAN. 1 move that when the
Hou.*e adjourns, it adjourn to meet at nine o'clock
on Monday.
The SPEAKER. The'Chair has repeatedly
decided that that is not a privileged motion.
Thequestion on the adjournment was then taken,
and the House, by ayes 45, noes 27, refused to
adjourn.
?J?he SPEAKER.. The Chair would not have
entertained the motion to adjourn, if he had re-
flected that at the time the committee of conference
made their report, the House had commenced pro-
ceedings on a motion for a call of the House, and
that the call of the roll had been commenced.
[Laughter—and cries of " first-rate."]
The Clerk then proceeded with the call of the
roil.
And the vote stood—yeas 39, nays 94.
So a call of the House was refused.
Mr. FEATHERSTON moved that when the
' House adjourns it adjourn' to meet at eleven
'o'clock on Monday.
The SPEAKER. That is not a privileged
question. It will require a vote of two thirds. And
the Chair will remind the gentleman that eleven
o'clock is now the hour fixed for the meeting of
the House.
Mr. HALL (at twelve minutes to four o'clock)
moved that the House adjourn.
The House refused to adjourn; which question
was taken on a vote by yeas and nays, and result-
ed—yeas 25, nays 68; as follow:
YEAS—Messrs. Bocook, Albert G. Brown, Chester But-
ler, Thomas B BuUer, Williamson R. W. Cobb, Colcock,
Dunmick, DUucy, Dunham, Edmundson, Eiiot, Alexander
Evans, Feath^rston, Hall, Hamilton, Andrew Johnson,
McLanahan, Miller, Newt-ll, Phceuix, Potter, Ross, Savage,
Itu-hard H. Stanton, and Wildrick—95.
NAVS—Messrs. Alhertson, Alexander, Anderson, An-
drews, A<he, Bayly, Bok"f\ Bowdnn, Breck, Brigg®, Bur-
rows, Burt, Joseph P. Caldwell, Calvin, Campbell, Clarke,
CrowHI, Dixon, Duncan, Nathan Evans, Fnch, Gilbert,
Gott, Hailoway, Hay, Hibbard, Holladay, Howe, Hubbard,
Hunter, Joseph W, Jackson, Robert W. Johnson, Julian,
George G. King, James G. King, John A. King, Preston
Kmg, La S£re, Lmlefield, Horace Mann, McKissoek, Me-
&ut*L-u, Meacham, Morris, Morton, Nelson, OJe, Oir,
Parker, Pitman, Reynold*, Robbing, Root, Rumsey, Seher-
nifrhorn. Schoolcraft, Stanly, Frederick P. Stanton, Strom?,
Taylor, James Thompson, Und -rhiM, Van Dyke, Vinton,
Walden, Watkms, White, and Whittlesey—(x>.
The SPEAKER laid before the House the fol-
lowing Executive communication :
A communication from the War Department,
transmitting, pursuant to an act approved May 1,
1820, the annual statement prepared by the Second
Comptroller, exhibiting the appropriations and the
expenditures therefrom for the service of the de-
partment during the fiscal year which ended on the
30th of June last. Laid on the table and ordered
to be printed.
A communication from the Post Office Depart-
ment, transmitting, in compliance with the provis-
ions of the act of 2d July, 1836, to change the or-
ganization of the'departmem—
1st. A copy of the abstracts of the offers for car-
rying the mails, made within the year preceding
the 1st July, 1849.
2d. A report of all contracts made for the trans-
portation of the mail within the year aforesaid.
3d. A statement of all such land and water mails
as have been established or ordered withm the said ,
year.
4th. A report of all additional allowances made
to mail contractors within the said year.
5th. A report of curtailments of mail service
and pay ordered within the said year.
6th. A report of fines imposed and deductions
made from the pay of contractors within the same
time.
The. communication, &c., was laid on the table
and ordered to be printed.
The question then recurred on the motion of
the gentleman from Kentucky, [Mr. Stanton,]
that the rules of the House be suspended, to en-
able him to introduce the following resolution:
~ Reiolued, That the messengers in the employment of the
House be paid the same per diem as is paid lo the messen-
gers of the Senate, commencing with the present session^
and that Benjamin Miller, employed as a laborer in the com-
mittee room« ol the House, shall be paid the extta compen-
sation allowed to other laborers in the CnpitoJ.
The vote stood ayes 40, noes 25.
No quorum voting.
Mr. BURT. It is obvious that there is no
quotum. I was going to ask 
[Cries, " Move to adjourn."]
Mr. BURT, (continuing.) If the Senate recede
from the amendment to the civil and diplomatic
appropriation bill, will it be necessary that a quo-
rum should be present to receive the message? I
suppose not; but that if they recede, the bill be-
comes a law. If so, I do not wish to wait here
any longer
The SPEAKER. No further action of the
House would be required. The bill would have
to b^ signed by the Speaker, and a quorum, must
be present for that purpose.
Mr. ORR moved the House adjourn; but with-
drew the motion.
The SPEAKER further suggested, that if the
bill was likely to be received within any short
time, the House had better receive it, so that it
might be in the hands of the enrolling clerk.
Mr. MARSHALL was proceeding to move to
discharge the committee from the consideration of
a.certain bill, (title not heard,) when
The SPEAKER interposed, and said, that there
was already a motion to suspend the rules pend-
in£-
Mr. VINTON moved that the House adjourn.
[A message was here received from the Senate,
announcing the fact, that that body had receded
from their amendments to the civil and diplomatic
bill in regard to the contractors for the public
printing.]
[In the course of the .d^iy and night, Messrs.
"Wildrick and Dickey made sundry reports from
the Committee on Enrolled bills.]
Mr. HALL moved that the House adjourn.
Mr. THOMPSON, of Mississippi, desired to
make a single remark. He would suggest that it
would be better that the House should remain in
session until the Speaker had signed the bill. It
was not probable that a quorum would be present
on Monday, and he (Mr. T.) hoped that it would
be understood that no legislative business was to
be transacted on that day.
The SPEAKER said that it would take full
two hours before the civil and diplomatic bill, and
the Indian bill could be engrossed.
Mr. HALL insisted on his motion to adjourn;
which was agreed to.
And, at fifteen minutes past four o'clock, the
House adjourned until Monday at eleven o'clock
IN SENATE.
? Friday, September 27, 1850.
Mr. GWIN moved that the reading of the Jour-
nal be dispensed with.
Mr. SMITH. I rise to make a motion for a
correction of the Journal. At the time the old
soldiers' bill was under consideration yesterday,
the honorable Senator from Virginia [Mr. Mason]
moved an amendment, to make some provision for
the payment of Virginia clainr#. I had made an
arrangement with the junior Senator from Texas
[Mr. Rusk] to pair off with him on that question,
as he was to be engaged in committee, and my
vote would be in opposition to his. When the
vote came to be taken, I had forgotten the arrange-
ment I had made with him, and gave my vote in
the negative. 1 ask the unanimous consent of the
Senate to correct the Journal, by striking out my
vote.
The PRESIDENT. The vote cannot now be
changed for that reason.
Mr. RUSK. I know that the Senator from
Connecticut was very busily engaged in examin-
ing papers when the vote was taken, and I am
perfectly sure that he forgot the arrangement he
had made with me; and, besides that, he would
immediately have made the request that he now
does, had he been reminded of his mistake at the
time.
The PRESIDENT. It is not in order to dis-
cuss that matter now.
Mr. SMITH. It makes no difference—only I
was very much mortified upon discovering my
mistake.
Mr. GWIN. I renew my motion that the read-
ing of the Journal be dispensed with.
Mr. CASS. Oh, no.
Mr. TURNEY. 1 presume the reading of the
Journal cannot be dispensed with, except by unan-
imous consent of the Senate.
The PRESIDENT. It does not require the
unanimous consent. A majority can dispense
with the reading.
Mr. TURNEY. That has not been the prac-
tice heretofore.
The PRESIDENT. 1 have never known an
instance in which unanimous consent was required.
Mr. TURNEY. I would state to the Chair
that the question was raised on the occasion of the
passage of the Oregon bill, if I recollect rightly,
and it was decided that the unanimous consent was
required.
The PRESIDENT. The Chair is not aware
of the question ever being raised. It is possible
that, strictly speaking, it may require the unani-
mous consent. The Journal wdl be read.
The reading was commenced, and the Secretary
having proceeded some time—
Mr. FOOTE rose and said: I renew the motion
to dispense with the further reading of the Jour-
nal, as I understand there will be no further ob-
jection.
Mr. UNDERWOOD, fobject.
The reading,therefore, was continued, and hav-
ing proceeded for some further time,
Mr. UNDERWOOD said: I believe I was the
only person who objected to dispensing with the
reading of the Journal. I am willing to relinquish
my objection, as my only object in desiring to
have it read was to attend to the yeas and nays,
and I can do that privately. I therefore renew the
motion to dispense tvith the further reading.
The motion was agreed to.
FRAUDS' UPON THE REVENUE.
The CHAIR laid before the Senate a communi-
cation from the Secretary of the Treasury, made
in compliance with a resolution of the Senate,
" that the Secretary of the Treasury be requested
' to report what have been the measures adopted
* to prevent frauds upon the revenue since the pas-
{ sage of the act of 1846, and what has been the
4 result."
On motion by Mr. DAVIS, of Massachusetts,
the communication was laid on the table, and or-
dered to be printed.
THE GUANO TRADE.
The CHAIR laid before the Senate a communi-
cation from the Department of State, containing
an additional report, in compliance with a resolu-
tion of the Senate, of information respecting the
trade in guano between Peru and the United States,
and a dispatch from the charge d'affaires of the
United States at Lima on the same subject; which
was read, and ordered to be laid on the table and
printed.
HUNGARIAN EXILES.
The CHAIR laid before the Senate a message
from the President of the United States, in response
to a resolution of the Senate of the 23d instant,
calling for the correspondence between the State
Department and the Turkish Government, on the
subject of the Hungarian exiles, enclosinga report
from the Secretary of State, transmitting copies of
papers and documents on file in' the department in
relation to the subject; and the message and ac-
companying: papers were read, laid on the table,
and ordered to be printed.
BOUNTY LAND BILL.
Mr. WALKER. The bill called the old sol-
diers' bill has been engrossed, and in it there is an
error or contradiction which I ask may be cor-
rected. It will be recollected that a provision of
the bill was made to apply to the benefit of the
widows and minor children of deceased officers
and soldiers. That provision was adopted, and in
another part of the bill there are some words left
which were intended to be stricken out. The
words are, " but not to her heirs, nor to the heirs
of such commissioned or non-cajjLmissioned offi-
