940
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
May 8,
ftjseetioti, if a subsequent part of the section re-
qttfrM-such amend raent, that was considered mere
matter of form. The Committee on Enrolled
Bills had the right to make such verbal amend-
ments. He therefore thought the motion unne-
cessary.
The SPEAKER. The motion cannot be con-
sidered at this time except by general consent;
and objections are made.
Mr. McCLERNAND said there was so much
noise in the Hail he could not hear what was
going on, and requested the Speaker to call the
House to order.
The SPEAKER did so, and requested gentle-
men to take their seats. No question (he said)
would be propounded until order was restored.
Order having been in some degree restored—
The CHAIR againustated the question. In the
amendment reported from the Committee of the
"Whole on the state of the Union, and which had
been agreed to in committee, on motion of the
gentleman from Ohio [Mr. Vinton] the number
of Representatives was fixed at two hundred.
The gentleman from Pennsylvania [Mr. Thomp-
son] had offered an amendment to add after two
hundred the words " and thirty-three," making
the number of Representatives two hundred and
thirty-three; and the question now before the
House was on agreeing to the amendment offered
by the gentleman from Pennsylvania.
The question was then taken and decided in the
affirmative—yeas 93, nays 78; as follows:
YEAS—Messrs. Alexander, Baker, Bissell, Booth, Bow-
lin, Boyd, Albert G. Brown, Burrows, Chester Butler, Jos.
Cable, Joseph P. Caldwell, Calvin, Cartter, Case>,Chandler,
Clarke, Cleveland, Conger, Conrad, Corwin, Crowd],
Dickey, Diimmck, Duncan, Durkee, Featherston, Fitch,
Fowler, Puller, Gentry, Gerry, Gott, Green, Gnnnell, ilal-
loway, Hatl.m, Isham G. Harris, Hibbard, Howard, Howe,
Hunter, W. T. Jackson, Julian, Kerr, D. P. Kin?, George G.
King, John A. Kins, Preston King, Leffler, Levin, Little-
field, Job Mann, Matteson, McDonald, McLanahan, Mc-
Mullen, Meacham, Moore, Moiehead, Morris, Nelson, 0>lc,
Otis. Outlaw, Parker, Peas-Ice, Peck, Phelps, Pitman, Pot-
ter, Powell, Putnam, Robbme, Rockwell, Sawtelle, Hprague,
Richard II. Stanton, Thaddeus Stevens, Stetson, Sweetser,
Taylo , J-is. Thompson, Win. Thompson, Tuck, Underfill!,
Waldo, Wentworth, Whittlesey, Wildrick, Williams, Wil-
son, Winthrop, and Wood—93.
NAYS—Messrs. Albertson, Alston, Anderson, Ashe, Ave-
rett, Bay, Bayly, Bingham, Bowdon, Breck, Briggs, Wm, J.
Brown, Tho-*. B. Butler, G. A. Caldwell, Campbell, Clmg-
nian,W R. W.Cobb, Deberiy,Dixon,Dunham,Edmundson,
Nathan Evans, Gorman, Gould, Hall, Haralson, Sampson
W. Hasris, Hay, Hebard, Henry, Hoagland, Houston. Hub-
bard, IngQ. J. W. Jackson, And'w Johnson, Jon^s, Kaufman,
J -m^s G. King, La Skie, Marshall, MeClernatid, McDowell,
McGyuL'hey, Robeit M. McLane, McQueen, McWilhe,
Me tdo, Milison, Moisc, Morion, Newell, OJdi, Orr, Owen,
Reed, Reynold*, Risley, Root, Ross, Rumsey, Savage,
Schenck, Schoolcraft," Seddon, Shepperd, Frederick P.
Stanton, Alexander II. Stephen-, Strong, Thomas, Jacob
Thompson, John B. Thompson, Toombs, Venable, Vinton,
Wallace, YVatkms, and Woodward—78.
So the amendment to the amendment was agreed
to.
Mr. THOMPSON, of Pennsylvania, moved a
reconsideration of the vote, and that that motion
be laid on the table. #
It was ordered accordingly.
The question then recurred on agreeing to the
amendment as amended.
Mr. HALL asked the yeas and nays; which
were ordeied.
Mr. VINTON suggested that the adoption of
the amendment as amended would render it ne-
cessaiy to insert the words " thirty-three" where-
ever the words " one hundred'' occurred.
The SPEAKER said the correction could be
made only by unanimous consent.
Objection was made.
The SPEAKER said, the correction could not
be made, because there was objection.
The question was again stated to be on the
amendment as amended.
Mr. THOMPSON, of Pennsylvania, desired to
be informed by the Chair, whether this was not
the proper time to inquire whether the corrections
suggested by the gentleman from Ohio [Mr. Vin-
ton] would not be made as a matter of course ?
The SPEAKER explained.
Mr McDONALD called for the reading of the
amendment as amended, and it was again read.
Mr. DUNCAN said he was very unwilling to
vote under the absurdity implied in the section as
it now stood.
The SPEAKER (interposing) said, the Chair
must remind the gentleman from Massachusetts,
[Mr. Duncan,] that no remarks were in order, the
previous question having been ordered.
Mr. McCLERNAND inquired of the Speaker,
whether the vote now about to be taken was not
on the whole amendment of the gentleman from
Ohio, [Mr. Vinton,] as amended?
The SPEAKER said such was the state of the
question. It was on the whole amendment. It
had been reported as a whole from tHe Committee
of the Whole on the state of the Union.
The question was then taken and decided in the
affirmative—yeas 115, nays 62; as follows:
YEAS—Messrs. Albertson, Alexander, Baker, Bennett,
Bingham,Bocock, Booth, Breck, Briggs, A. G. Brown, Buel,
Buirows, Chester Butler, Joseph Cable, Joseph P. Caldwell,
Calvin, Campbell, Caruer, Casey, Chandler, Clarke, Cleve-
land, Conrad, Corwin, CroweJl, Deberry, Dickey, Dixon,
Duncan, Dunham, Durkee. Nathan Evans, Fitch, Fowler,
Gentry, Gott, Gould, Gnnnell, Halloway, Harlan, Hay, Hay-
mond, Hibbard, Hoagland, Hunter, William T. Jackson,
Andrew Johnson. James L. Johnson, Jones, Julian, Kauf-
man, Kerr, Daniel P. King, George G. King, James G. King,
Joiin A. King, Preston King, La Sere, Levin, Job Mann,
Matteson, McDowell, McLanahan, Robert M. McLane,
McMullen, McWilhe, Meade, Moore, Morehead, Morris,
Moise, Morton, Nelson, Newell, Ogle, Otis Outlaw, Pea&lee,
Pitman, Potter, Powell, Putnam. Reed, Reynolds, Risley,
Robbins, Rockwell, Root, Rose, Rumsey, Schenck, School-
craft, Seddon, Shepperd, Sprague, FredericK P. Stanton,
Alexander H. Stephens, Stetson, Strong, Taylor, Jacob
Thompson, James Thompson, John B. Thompson, Toombs,
Tuck, Underbill, Vinton, Waldo, Watkins, Wentworth,
Whittlesey, Wildrick, Wilson, Winthrop, and Wood—115.
NAYS—Messrs. Alston, Anderson, A he, Averett, Bay,
Bayly, Bis^ell, Bowdon, liowlin, Boyd, William J. Brown,
Thomas B. Butler, George A. Caldwell, Chngman, W. R.
W. Cobb,Conger, Dimnnck, Duer, Edmundson, Featherston,
Fuller, Gerry, Gorman, Green, Hall, Haralson, Isham G.
Harris, Hebard, Henry, Houston, Howard, Howe, Hubbard,
Inge, Joseph W. Jackson, Robert W. Johnson, Leffler, Lit-
tlefie.ld, Marshall, Mason, McClemand, McDonald, Mc-
Gaughey, McQueen, Meacbam, Milison, Olds, Orr, Parker,
Peck, Phelps, Ross, Sawtelle, Richard H. Stanton, Thad-
df*us Stevens, Sweetser, Thomas, William Thompson,
Venable, Wallace, Williams, and Woodward—62.
So the amendment as amended was agreed to.
Mr. VINTON moved to reconsider the vote just
taken, and to lay the motion on the table.
The question was taken, and decided in the
affirmative.
So the motion to reconsider was laid on the
table.
Mr. THOMPSON, of Mississippi, rose he
jj said, to a privileged question. He moved to re-
! i consider the vote upon striking out the 21st sec-
i[ tion. He had not correctly understood the effect
jj of the various amendments when he had voted,
j! but had supposed that the amendment of the pre-
:j ceding sectiun remedied the difficulty. Uponexam-
}; ination, however, he found that this was not the
j| case. The section which had been stricken out
j related to the preparatory printing, arid provided
1 that the Secretary should Jet it out to the lowest
■' bidder.
The SPEAKER. Remarks are out of order.
Mr. THOMPSON-. I move to reconsider that
■; vote, and 1 hope it will be reconsidered.
;j The SPEAKER. The gentleman from Missis-
'\ sippi moves to reconsider the vote by which the
ii House concurred in the action of th * Committee
! i of the Whole on the state of the Union in striking
out the 21st scction, which provides for issuing
!j proposals for printing the census blanks.
'< Mr. THOMPSON. Will the Speaker indulge
j! me a moment ?
jj The SPEAKER. The Chair will indulge the
jj gentleman with pleasure. It is for the House to
|j say whether or not they will listen to any remarks
j; from the gentleman. If no objection is made the
j! gentleman will proceed.
i; Objection was made.
;i Mr. STEVENS, of Pennsylvania, moved to
ji lay the motion to reconsider on the table.
The question was taken, and decided in the
affirmative—ayes 65, noes 53.
| So the motion to reconsidcr was laid on the
I table, and the action of the House—striking out
| the section—stands unchanged.
RETURNS OF HEMP.
i The next amendment being under consideration,
i as follows:
j Beit further enacted, That the Secretary of the Interior,
j m his instructions to the marshals, shall direct that the sia-
i Jistics in regard to all other descriptions of hemp not tin-
I braced m the denomination of dew and water-iotted, shall
j be taken and estimated m the returns.
I The question was taken, and decided in the
[ affirmative without a division.
So the amendment was agreed to.
The amendments having all been disposed of—
The question recurred on ordering the amend-
ments to be engrossed and the bill tg be read a third
time.
The question was taken and decided in the affirm-
ative, without a division.
So the bill and amendments were ordered to be
engrossed.
The SPEAKER. The bill is engrossed. The
third reading of an engrossed bill 
Mr. THOMPSON, of Pennsylvania. I rise to
a privileged question. I move to reconsider the
vote by which the bill was ordered to be engrossed,
and I move to lay that motion on the table.
The question was taken and decided in the
affirmative.
So the motion to rec«nsider was laid on the table.
The bill was then read a third time by its title.
An'd the question being on its passage,
Mr. THOMPSON, of Pennsylvania, demanded
the previous question.
The previous question was seconded, and the
main question was ordered.
Mr. THOMPSON, of Mississippi, demanded
the yeas and nays on the passage of the bill.
The yeas and nays were ordered, and, being
taken, were—yeas 109, nays 61; aa follows:
YEAS—Messrs. Albertson, Alexander, Baker, Bennett,
Bingham, Booth, Bowhn, Breck, Briggs, Buel, Burrows, C.
Butler, Thomas B. Butler, Joseph Cable, Calvin, Campbell,
Cartter, Casey, Chandler, Clarke, Cleveland, Conger, Cor-
win, Crow-11, Debeny, Dickr-v, Dimmick, Dixon, Duer,
Duncan, Dunham, Durkee. N. Evans, Fitch, Fowler, Fuller,
Gott, Gould, Gnnnell, Halloway, Harlan, Hay, Hti>muiid,
Hebard, Hibbard, Houston, Howe, Hunter, William T.
Jackson, Julian, Kerr, Daniel P. Kins, George G. King,
James G. King, John A. King, Preston King, Leffler, Little-
field, Job Maun, Matteson, McDonald, MoGaughey, Mc-
Lanahan, Meacham, Moore, Morehead, Morris, Nelson,
Newell, Ogle, Otis, Peaslee, Peck, Pitman, Potter, Putnam,
Reed, Reynolds, Risley, Robbins, Rockwell, Root, Rose,
Ross, Rumsey, SawtHle, Schenck, Schoolcraft, Shepperd,
Sprague, Frederick P. Stanton, Richard H. Stanton, Thad-
deus Stevens, Stetson, Strong, Taylor, James Thompson,
John B.Thompson, William Thompson, Tuck. Underbill,
Vinton, Waldo, Wentworth, Whittlesey, Wildrick, Wil-
son, Winthrop, and Wood—109.
NAYS—Messrs; Alston, Anderson, Ashe, Averett, Bayly,
Bi-sell, Bocock, Bowdon, Boyd, Wm. J. Brown, George
Alfied Caldwell, Joseph P. Caldwell, Williamson R. W.
Cobb, Colcock, Edmundson, Featherston, Gentry, Gerry,
Gorman, Green, Haralson, Lsham G. Harris, Sampson W.
Harris, Henry, Hoagland, Howard, Hubbard, Inge, J. W.
Jackson, Andrew Johnson, Robert W. Johnson, Jones,
Kaufman, La Sdre, Marshall, Mason, McCIernand, R. M.
I McLane, McMullen; McQueen, McWilhe, Meade, Milison,
i Olds, Orr, Outlaw, Parker, Phelps, Powell, Savage, Sed-
' don, Alexander H. Stephens, Sweetser, Thomas, Jacob
! Thompson, Toombs, Venable, Wallace, Watkins, Wil-
j hamf=, and Woodward—61.
j So the bill was passed.
I Mr. THOMPSON, of Pennsylvania, rose to a
| privileged question, and moved to reconsider the
J vote by which the bill was passed, and that that
| motion be laid upon the table.
! The question was taken, and decided in the
! affirmative.
So the motion to reconsider was laid on the
; table, an^ the bill stands finally passed.
The question being on agreeing to the title of
the bill, as follows: "A bill providing for the
taking of the seventh census of tne United States."
Mr. THOMPSON, of Pennsylvania, moved an
amendment to strike out the title, and insert in
' lieu thereof the following:
" An act providing for the taking of the seventh and sub-
sequent censuses of the United States, fixing the number of
Representatives, and providing for their future apportion-
' inent among the several States."
| The question was taken, and decided in the
affirmative.
; The title, as amended, was then agreed to.
j A motion of Mr. THOMPSON to reconsider
I the vote by which the title was agreed to was, on
j his motion, laid on the table.
j TONNAGE DUTIES.
! Mr. McLA.NE, of Maryland, rose for the pur-
| pose (he said) of giving a notice to the House.
; There were several bills lying* on the Speaker's
I table, that had been there four or five weeks, and
were of public importance. The House would
|; remember that it was not in order to proceed to
! business on the Speaker's tabic, until one hour—
i; the morning hour—had been devoted to reports of
committees, and it was the general practice of the
: House, after having devoted this holir, and very
I often before, to go into Committee of the Whole on
I the state of Union. Thus it had been impossible
i for him to bring before the House a measure ema-
; nating from the Committee on Commerce, (being
i an act authorizing the city of Baltimore to collect a
! certain tonnage duty) which had passed the Com-
| mittee of the Whole on the state of the Union, and
i was now lying on the Speaker's table.
