m% 4
Wil) be no objection to the motion of my colleague.
Mr. YULEE called for the yeas and nays on
the motion, but they were not ordered.
The motion was then agreed to—ayes 25, noes
not counted.
APPOINTMENT OF MESSENGER.
_ The following resolution, submitted some days
since by Mr. Davis, of Mississippi, was taken
up and read a third time, and passed:
Resolved. That the Sergeant-at-Arms of the Senate be,
ami he is hereby, authorized to place the name of Felix D.
Queen on the roll of messengers; and that there be paid to
mm, out ot the contingent fund of the Senate the same
per diem and compensation as is allowed to the me&sen-
(Sngress6 Senate' C0mmet!Ci g with the present session of
Tl$E ARMY APPROPRIATION BILL.
The bill from the House of Representatives
making appropriations for the support of the army
ofthe United States for the year ending June 30,
1851, was referred to the Committee on Finance.
PASSAGE OF ENGROSSED BILLS.
The bill making appropriations for the construc-
tion of light-houses, life-boats, buoys, &c., yes-
terday ordered to be engrossed, was read a third
time, and passed; and the bill for the settlement of
classes of private land claims within the limits of
the Baron De Bastrop grant, and for allowing pre-
emptions to certain'actual settlers in the event of
• the final adjudication of the title of the said De
Bastrop in favor of the United States, yesterday
ordered to be engrossed, was read a third time,
and passed.
AMENDING THE RULES OP THE SENATE.
Mr. UNDERWOOD. 1 rise to ask the Senate
to take up a resolution which I offered some time
ago, proposing to amend our rules so as to author-
• lze a motion to be made to lay an amendment on
the table without carrying with it the bill. I pro-
pose, if the Senate will take it up, to amend it so
as to make it applicable alone to the appropriation
bills. I put it to the Senate, if we had a rule of
that sort, whether it would not be an immense
saving of time at the end of the session. I pre-
sent that proposition now, and ask Senators
whether it would hot be expedient now to adopt
that amendment to the rules, so that the multitude
of amendments that are offered to the appropria-
tion bills may be laid upon the table at the pleas-
ure of the Senate, and thus cut off a great deal of
unprofitable or unnecesary debate? We have
seen the evil resulting from discussing amendments
day after day, thereby procrastinating the final ac-
tion on the bill. I propose to confine the amend-
ment to the appropriation bills alone, for the mere
purpose of saving time.
Mr. HUNTER. I hope this resolution will not
be taken up. It will lead to debate.
Mr. UNDERWOOD. If any gentleman says
he wishes to debate it, I will withdraw it.
Mr. HUNTER. I shall fee 1 compelled to de-
bate it.
Mr. UNDERWOOD. Then I withdraw it.
INDIAN APPROPRIATION BILL.
The Senate then resumed the consideration of
the special order—being the bill making appropria-
tions for the current and contingent expenses of
the Indian Department for the year ending June
30, 1851, the amendment pending being the one
offered by Mr. Atchison:
" To pay the Central Bank of Georgia, assignee of H. W.
Jernigatt & Co., and others, the sum o£* 421,04-2."
The yeas and nays having been ordered on this
amendment, the question was taken, and resulted 
yeas 23, nays 16; as follow:.
THE CONGRESSIONAL .GLOBR.
hereby, appropriate^ out of any money in the Treasury not
otherwise appropriated, for the purpose aforesaid."
rJEAr?-Me*yf;AtcMl,0ii> Badffer, Bell, Benton, Benien,
Uay, Davis of Ma-sachu^etts, Dawson, Davtou, Ewin*
Fremont, Gwin, Manguni, Miller, Pratt, Rusk, Seha*tiaiT
beward, bantu, Spruance, Wales, Walker, and Wintlirop
NAYS—Messrs. Briglif, Chase, Cooper, Davis of MRms-
eippi, Dickinson, Dodge of Iowa, Downs Hunter, Jones
SdYuuS-16 earce) SturSeon> Underwood, Whitcomb,
So the amendment was agreed to,
Mr. A1CHISON. I offer the following amend-
ment as an addition to the bill:
"The President of the United States is authorized to pur-
chase of the half-breed Sioux Indians all their right, title
and elnm to the tract of land lying and being in tlie Terri'
tory of Minnesota, beginning at a place called the Bim.'be-
low and near ihe village of the Redwing chief, and runnmsr
back fifteen miles,; thence, in a parallel line with Lake
Pepi.i and the Mississippi river, about thirty-two miles to a
point opposite to Beef, or O'Bceuf river; thence fifteen
miles to the Grand Encampment opposite the river afore
«md; and that the sum of ^00,000 be, and the same is j
Mr. PEARCE. I hope that amendment will
not be adopted. It seems to me that there is no
limit to the appropriations which we are addin°- to
this hill, large as it -originally was. It will proba-
bly mount up to two or three times the sum that
we ordinarily appropriate for the current eXDenses
of the Indian Department. And there is no press-
ing necessity, no urgency that these appropria-
i'on nnnh°u-d ■be m£u'e-. We seem to look at
$^0,000 as if it was nothing; as if there was such
a plethora of the Treasury that it was necessary
to do something to save the Secretary the trouble
of keeping the treasure. Now, we shall want
money to pay the appropriations this year, if we
do not arrest this course of things. I do hope the
amendment will not pass.
Mr. ATCHISON. It is scarcely worth my
while, after the full discussion of this matter in
Executive session, concerning which the injunc-
tion of secrecy has been removed, again to place
this matter before the Senate; but it will be recol-
lected that this territory, owned by half-breeds,
lies nearly in the centre of the Territory of Min-
nesota, and it is the representation of the Legisla-
ture of that Territory, of her Delegate, and of the
oenators who reside in that neighborhood, that it
is almost absolutely necessary that this appropri-
ation should be made. Why, sir, a treaty was
made for the purchase of this land from these half- j
breed Indians, and the objection taken in Execu- '
tive session was not that it is inexpedient to make
this purchase, but the President and Senate had no
right by treaty to purchase this territory from the
half-breed Sioux Indians. That was the objection
taken to it in Executive session, and not on the
ground that it was inexpedient or unnecessary at
this time to make this purchase. I think it due to
the people of the Territory of Minnesota, and also
to the people of Iowa and Wisconsin, that the
title to these lands should now be extinguished. If
there is anything further to be said I leave it to the
Senators from Wisconsin and Iowa; but I do hope
the appropriation may be made, and made without
a further delay.
Mr. DODGE, of Iowa. I suppose I am at lib-
erty now to refer to what took place on this subject
m Executive session, the injunction of secrecy hav-
ing been removed?
Mr. ATCHISON. Certainly.
Mr. DODGE. Well, sir, this country has been
twice treated for by agents sent from Kentucky
and Pennsylvania to Minnesota at different times.
It was treated for under the administrations of
General Harrison and Mr. Tyler—commenced
under the one and completed under the other—and
recommended here to the Senate for confirmation;
but there was always a difficulty in regard to the
treaty. The last time it was rejected, (during the
present session,) it came within three votes of
being confirmed without a single word of explana-
tion from the chairman of the committee; and I
hesitate not to say that it would have been con-
firmed if there had been a full Senate, and if an
explanation of the treaty had been made.
This amendment is resisted by the Senator from
Maryland on the ground of the enormous expend-
itures it will occasion. I meet that just as i met
his opposition to the proposition to treat for that
rich country for which we have made an appro-
priation to treat. I say that, if there were no other
considerations, I would be for extinguishing the
title of these half-breeds to this portion of country,
because it is in the very heart of Minnesota, where
the settlements of the white population are ex-
tending on all sides, and therefore, as a matter of
dollars and cents, 1 consider it as a money-making
proposition. Now, disregarding the calculations
of the chairman and of the Commissionerof Indian
Affairs, and all others that have been made, 1 have
here the closest and nicest calculation that could
be made by Mr. Hickey. Assuming that this
tract is a parallelogram thirty miles long by fifteen
in,depth, itcontains three hundred thousand acres,
and Mr. Hickey, with -all the calculations before
him, computes that the cost per acre of this land
will be sixty-five cents. 1 have also an answer
from the Commissioner of the General Land Office
as to the cost of surveying this land, and I am
assured that, supposing the title to these lands to,
cost sixty-five cents per acre, and the. surveying of
them ten cents per acre, the Government will still
make the difference between seventy-five cents and
Sept. 27,
one dollar twenty-five cents per acre on the sale of.
the lands; and as this is rich land, right upon the
Mississippi, and under cultivation by the half-
breeds, it will be sure to sell immediately, and the
Government will make some fifty or sixty thou-
sand dollars on it,
Mr. PEARCE. The Senate has refused already
to strike out two sections which the committee pro-
posed to strike out, authorizing treaties to be en-
tered into for the extinguishment of Indian titles '
o a vast extent of country—forty and fifty thou-
sand square miles, a part of which is immediately
contiguous to this, and this amendment now pro-
PT1 0 &ITe. $200,000, for that is the maximum,
and the maximum in the bill is generally the min-
imum in practice $200,000; that is,as the Senator
says, about sixty-five cents an acre. Now sir
the Commissioner of Indian Affairs, in his last
annual report, or rather in his instructions to com-
missioners, says that ten cents per acre is ordina-
rily a large price for lands purchased from the In-
dians, and here we propose to give sixty-five cents
per acre for three hundred thousand acres; and we
do it at the very time that we are directing'treaties
to be made for the extinguishment of titles to
other lands. Why it is a direct encourgement to-
the Indians who hold the other tracts to put up the
price of the lands and refuse to enter into negotia-
tions unless we give a price for those large tracts
at least somewhat approaching to what it is pro-
posed to give here. I say again that it will involve
us in numerous expenditures, and I hope the ap-
propriation will not be made.
Mr. DODGE, of Iowa. The answer I have to
make is, that this is choice land, in the heart
of trie Territory, upon the Mississippi river, and
is owned by intelligent half-breeds, many of whom
understand their own interests, and with whom
you make a very different bargain from what you
would make with the chiefs of wild Indian tribes.
We confirmed a treaty the other day giving- the
Indians of Ohio $1 25, and incurred all the expense
or the removal of the Indian population, and it
has been the same in Wisconsin and ,elsewhere.
When the settlements of the white population
have surrounded these reserves and the lands have
become valuable, 75 cents and $1 25 per acre have
been given. Even if the Government was to make
nothing by the transaction, it is right that it should
be done in order to acquire the territory. These
reserves in the heart of the country ought never
to have been made; but when they >have been
made, it is the duty of the Government to pur-
chase the lands; and in point of dollars and cents
the Government will make money by this transac-
tion.
Mr. CASS. I merely want to remark that 1
have passed through this tract of country in Minne-
sota, and it is one of the most beautiful regions in
the world. As the Senator from Iowa says, it is
in the heart of the Territory and on the great
highway of the Mississippi, and I think it is very
desirable that we should acquire the land. I think
the Senator from Maryland is under a misappre-
hension in one respect. Where we buy immense
tracts, hundreds of square miles in extent, of
course the price is very low; but when we come
to purchase small and choice tracts in the interior
of the country selected by the half-breeds, of course
we have to pay a higher price. We have always
done it, and the reason is very evident. As the pop-
ulation increases around them they become valua-
ble, and are in possession of half-breeds who can
appreciate their value.
Mr. DAVIS, of Mississippi. This proposition
was discussed, I believe, on a former day, and
I then took occasion to offer some objections to it.
I entertain the same opinions now as i expressed
then. I will not ^o over the whole again, because
I never address the Senate unless with some ob-
ject, and if my poor opinion is worth anything it
has been already given. In the treaty extinguish-
ing the title of the tribe to this Territory a reserva-
tion was made to these half-breeds, and the Pres-
ident was authorized to subdivide the country
among them. These half-breeds are now consid-
ered citizens of the United States, voting, and, I
believe, some of them members of the Legislature
of Minnesota. I think, therefore, that it is quite
unjust to these half-breeds who have parted with
their tribe and character to make a treaty now
with the tribe to buy out their possession or reser-
vation again. These half-breeds hold the land,
and have incorporated their labor in it and made
