1850.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
941
Mr. WINTHROP rose to a question of order,
and said he believed there was no debatable mo-
tion now before the House.
The SPEAKER stated that debate was not in
order.
Mr. McLANE. I wish to make a brief expla-
nation. I hope my friend from Massachusetts
will allow me to proceed.
The SPEAKER. No debate is in order. The
Chair does not understand the gentleman from
Maryland as making any motion.
Mr. McLANE. 1 give notice then, that when
the Committee of the Whole on the state of the
(Jnion rise, I shall move to proceed to business on
the Speaker's table. I hope the House will per-
mit me to make that motion.
Mr. JONES. I give notice I shall object.
DEFICIENCY BILL.
Mr. BAYLY. I desire to say, that it was my
purpose to call up the deficiency bill as soon as the
census bill had been disposed of, but although the
bill was received from the Senate and sent several
days ago to the printer, and although I have sent
two messages for it, I cannot get the bill back. It
is due to myself and to the Committee of Ways
and Means that I should make this statement.
CALIFORNIA.
On motion by Mr. PRESTON KING, the rules
were suspended, and the House resolved itself
ifito Committee of the Whole on the state of the
Union, (Mr. Boyd, of Kentucky,in the chair,) and
resumed the consideration of the special message
of the President of the United States on the sub-
ject of California.
Mr. WiNTHROP was entitled to the floor, and
addressed the Committee during the allotted hour.
The speech was in favor of the adoption of the
policy recommended by the President in relation
to California and the Territories of New Mexico
and Deseret. [His speech will be found in the
Appendix.]
Mr. W. having concluded—
Mr. ORR next obtained the floor, and addressed
the committee during his hour -upon the slavery
question. His remarks were principally made
with the view of demonstrating the continued
existence in unabated vigor of feaiful dangers to
southern rights and interests,growing out of north-
ern action. For this purpose he ieferied to the
speeches of northern members of Congress, and
to the proceedings of northern legislatures, socie-
ties, and people—all going to show, as, he contended,
a complete union of all parties in the North, in
favor of the admission of Caifornia with her pres-
ent constitution, of the exclusion of slavery from
the teriitoiies,and of aggressive movements gener-
ally, upon that institution, which he predicted
would finally, and ere long, result in the direct
attempt to abolish slavery in the States. He de-
manded that this abolition interferenceshould cease
and that the constitutional rights of his section
should be observed, if thiscourse were not taken,
five years would not pass before the southern^
States would insist upon a dissolution of the Union,
as they would never consent to remain therein, in
the condition of vassals and inferiors.
[A report of his remarks will be found in the
Appendix.]
Mr. 0. having concluded—
Mr. CLARKE obtained the floor, but yieded to
a motion that the committee use.
The motion having prevailed—
The committee rose and reported progress.
And the House adjourned.
By Mr. BINGHAM: The petition of C. S. Thompson, a
mail contractor in Michigan, for relief.
By Mr. REED: The petition of William Parkeson, for a
pension.
By Mr. BAYLY' The petition of 150 citizens of Wash-
ington city, praying Congress to amend the charter off-aid
| city so as to give to the people thereof the power to elect
all the officers of said corporation, and especially police
magistrates and constables.
By Mr. PRESTON KING: The petition of citizens of
Hopkinton, St. Lawrence county, New York, for the repeal
of^all laws adopted or enacted by Congress by which
slavery or the slave trade is authorized or sanctioned in
the District of Columbia.
Also, the petition of the same, asking that no State shall
hereafter be admitted into the Union unkss the constitu-
tion of such State expressJy prohibit the txistence of slavery
within its limits.
Also, the petition of the same, asking that slavery and
the slave trade shall be expressly prohibited by act of Con-
giess in the territories of the United States.
Also, the petition of the same, fora lawgiving to fugitives
claimed as staves the right of trial byjnry.
Also, four seveial petitions of citizens of Lausine, Tomp-
kins county, New York, for the same objects.
Also, four several petitions from citizens of Lisbon, in
St. Lawrence county. New York, for the same objects.
Also, the memorial and pledge of citizens of Lisbon,
against all wars as inconsistent with the spirit of Christianity
and destructive of the interests of mankind.
PETITIONS, &c.
The following petitions, memorials, &c., were
presented under the rule, and referred to the ap-
propriate committees:
By Mr. MORTON : The memorial of the citizens of
Alexandria, piaying the passage of a law authorizing the
distuct court of the United States for the eastern district of
Virginia to hold term  ot'said court at that place.
fiy Mr. MATTESON ■ The memorial of Adam P., son of
Patrick Campbell, for himself and other heirs, praying lor
a pension on account ot the services of their late lather
during the war of the Revolution.
By Mr. TflOMPSO.V, of Mississippi: The petition of
W. G. Harrison, one of the Auxiliary Guard of the city of
Washington, praying compensation withheld from him
during the time of his sickness.
By Mr. STETSON: The petition of David Shepheidand
22 others, citizens of Sebcc, Maine, that the Secretary of
the Navy be authorized to order a national vessel to trans-
port to Europe delegates to the peace congress.
IN SENATE.
Wednesday, May 8, 1850.
Mr. DOWNS submitted additional documents
relating to the memorial of A. P. Britingham;
! which were referred to the Committee on Foreign
I Relations.
j On motion by Mr. DAVIS, of Mississippi,
j Ortleiei1, That the memorial of the We«t Feliciana Rail-
road Company, on the files of the Senate, be referred to the
Committee on Finance.
BILL INTRODUCED.
Mr. ATCHISON, in pursuance of notice, asked
leave to introduce a bill to provide for the pay-
ment of a debt due the heirs of Antoine Peltier.
Mr. PHELPS. I deem it my duty to call the
i attention of the Chair and the Senate to the forty-
; ninth rule of the Senate. Whether this bill comes
within that rule is a question to be determined,
i That rule is, that whenever a claim is presented
; to the Senate and referred to a committee, and the
■ committee report that the claim ought not to be
i allowed, and the report is adopted by the Senate,
it shall not be in order to refer the papers back
! again to a committee. This claim has been over
| and over again considered by the committees of
i the Senate. I believe 1 have made one or two
| adverse reports upon it myself, which have been
! adopted by the Senate. It would not therefore be
i in order, according to the rule, to move to with-
: draw the papers and refer them to a committee,
j The only doubt is, whether a bill thus introduced
-comes within the rule. If it does not come within
, the letter, in my judgment it comes within the
i spirit of the rule.
j I am induced, Mr. President, to say this be-
| cause there are several of these old claims which
i 1 have been watching for years, and in all human
probability shall not be able to watch much
longer. This claim has been examined in this
and the other House. It, however, seems to be
presented here from time to time, and ultimately,
unless the attention of the Senate be called to its
own rules, this claim, groundless as it is, may be
passed.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Chair will
refer to the rule. It would not be in order for the
Senator from Missouri to move to take the same
papers and refer them a^ain to a committee, if an
adverse report had been made and agreed to by j
the Senate during the session. The introduction I
of a hill, strictly speaking, does not come within !
the rule. It is a question then for the Senate to i
determine. The question will be, shall the Sen- !
ator have leave to introduce the bill?
Mr. ATCHISON. Do I understand the Sena- '
tor from Vermont as objecting to granting leave ?
Mr. PHELPS. Yes, sir. j
Mr. ATCHISON. Then it is the first case of !
the kind in my recollection since I have had the ;
honor of a seat in this body. The Senator does j
not know what evidence may be obtained by the '
committee to whom this bill may be referred. |
This or a similar bill has passed the Senate time '
and again, and I believe has also passed the other |
House. If this were the proper time, and it were ;
in order, I think I could demonstrate that this I
claim ought to be allowed. [i
The PRESIDING OFFICE. The bill is not [j
before the Senate, and thereforedebateon it£ merits
is out of order.
Mr. PHELPS. I trust I shall not be considered
factious in this matter. I recollect very well the
occasion of our adopting this rule. It was adopted
by the Senate for reasons which will be obvious
to every Senator. Many of these old claims have
been examined and repudiate^ by the Senate, and
yet are brought before us here time after time;
committees are called upon to examine them, who
do not refer to the previous action of the Senate;
and in the mean time other documentary evidence
is brought in by the agent or attorney, and an op-
portunity is afforded for the suppression of any
portion which they choose to suppress; in short,
for garbling the testimony. My object was simply
to call the attention of the Senate to this rule,
which of late, I am sorry to say, appears to have
been disregarded. I think it is a salutary rule;
certainly I hope the Senator from Missouri will
not consider me captious when my ohject was
simply to call the attention of the Senator to a rule
which seems of late to have been overlooked.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Chair
will state that he misunderstood the Senator from
Vermont, in stating that this had been reported
upon by the committee adversely, and that the
Senate had concurred in the report; that it had
been done during the present session.
Mr. PHELPS. It has been reported against
heretofore. I had no reference to this session. *
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Heretofore!
Then the rule does not apply, even if it were a
proposition to send the papers back again to the
committee.
Mr. PHELPS, The rule is not confined, I
think, to the present session. This claim, if f
mistake not, is one arising upon a draft made by
General George Rogers Clarke, about the year
1777, during the expedition to Kaskaskia.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Discussion upon
the merits of the case will not be in order.
Mr. PHELPS. Certainly not. These claims ,
are presented sometimes in one name and some-
times in another, sometimes in the name of Francis
Vigo, and at other times in the name of Antoine
Peluer, and at others in the name of Nicholas
Lachance. They are all the same claims, and all
have been considered and reported upon together.
It has been my duly to report upon them, t make
this explanation, not to prevent the consideration
of the bill, so much as to draw the attention of
the Senate to the fact that these several claims have
heretofore been fully examined.
-The question being taken on granting leave to
introduce the bill, it was agreed to; and the bill
was read a first and second time, and referred to
the Committee on Revolutionary Claims.
Mr. ATCHISON also, on leave, introduced a
bill for the relief of the heirs of Nicholas Lachance;
which was read a first and second time and refened
to the same committee.
MISSISSIPPI AND THE NASHVILLE CONVEN-
TION.
Mr. DAVIS, of Mississippi, presented a report
'of a Committee on Federal and State relations, ac-
companied by resolutions adopted by the Legisla-
ture of the Slate of Mississippi, on the subject of
slavery, and the questions in controversy between
the northern and southern portions of the Con-
federacy growing out of that institution; which
were read and ordered to lie on the table.
Mr. D. said: As instructed, I present the report
and resolutions of the Legislature of Mississippi, on
the subject which distracts and divides the people
of the Union, and which threatens, unless checked
in its onwaid course, to produce consequences fatal
to the cause of human liberty, as secured and ad-
vanced by the Constitution of the United States—
consequences destructive to fraternal feeling be-
tween the different sections of the Confederacy—
and finally to terminate m the wieck of this Repub-
lic, the last best hope of free government, of human
and social progress and happiness.
In presenting these resolutions to the Senate, I
wish briefly to read from the proceedings of the
popular meetings which preceded, and probably
originated this legislation, both because they illus-
trate the meaning and intent of these resolutions,
and because they have been either greatly misun-
derstood or grossly misrepresented. The people
of Mississippi Mving seen, in public meetings, in
conventions, and in legislative resolutions of north-
