M2
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
May 8,
ern States, what they deemed to be an assault upon
their institutional rights, looked for protection
against these hostile proceedings to the Congress of
the United States. When a crisis approached, if it
had not arrived, and they saw Congress adjourn,
after full discussion of a question dangerous to their
peace, their prosperity, and perhaps to their exist-
ence, without any#ction upon the subject, they,
as became freemen and the sons of freemen, took
the case into their own hands. A primary meeting,
after full notice given through the press, assembled
at the seat of government in Mississippi on the 7th
of May. That meeting called upon the different
counties to hold assemblages within their limits,
and to elect delegates toa State convention, which
should be authorized to take into consideration the
means which should be adopted to avert the hazard
which seemed to be impending over them. This
primai*y meeting and that State convention have
been assailed, either ignorantly or maliciously, and
accused of having desired to disturb the fraternity
of the nation, if not to dissolve the bonds which
hold it together. A complete answer to all such
charges is to be found in the proceedings them-
selves; and I propose now to read to the Senate
brief extracts from the journal of the primary
meeting, and from the report and address of the
convention which assembled in obedience to its call.
These extracts, and the remarks with which I pro-
pose to accompany them, shall be as limited as the
case will allow.
When the meeting assembled, it was organized
with all the due forms of a deliberative body, and
a committee was appointed to prepare an address
and to report it to the meeting. The address thus
reported by them reads:
<kThe committee to whom was referred the subject of
controversy between the northern and southern States of the
Union have had tiw same under consideration, and beg
leav«- to report the following as an address to the citizens
of Mississippi, together with the accompanying resolutions.
" The subject was approached by thtiw, as it should be by
this, meeting, in lull view of its solemnity and imjjgrtance;
not as a common-place topic—not as a im-re question of
expediency on a matter of secondary consideration, but a&
one in which our dearest rights are involved—rights which
we possessed a- citizens of indt-pendent States, and which
are reserved to us by the Constitution of the United States.
***********
" We approached the subject, not in anger, hut in sorrow.
We venerate the Union—we venerate the memory of the
illustrious men who cemented us as a family of nations—as
one people; and we would hold out as an example to their
sons the recollection of the spirit of forbeaiance—ot moder-
ation—of cunpromi-e—of equal justice and true patriotism,
winch governed thein in their gieat work
+■*■<******■>•*
u VVe have met, not only in defence of our individual
rights, but in defence of our common country; and we
would lundly hope that our timely warning may save our
Union unimpaired. We meet not to agitate—not to act.
hut to prepare for action when the occasion maj be forced
upon us."
•* Such was the language of those who assembled
in this primary meeting. In such terms they called
upon the counties to deliberate ort the state of the ;
country, and, if found advisable by them, to ap !
point delegates to meet in State convention, to con- j
fer together on the dangers by which they were j
threatened. AStateconvention, formed of delegates j
appointed from the different counties, after full I
time, and notice, and discussion in primary asi
sembiies, met. The committee of that State con^
vention, appointed to report upon the subjects for
the consideration of which they assembled, made
the report from which 1 read:
" We, the delegates to a convention, called by the people
of the State of Mississippi, to deliberate on the means to i
prevent the unfounded p etension that Congress has power '
to legislate on the subj cto! domestic slavery, and to p«-o- :
hilar its introduction and existei-ce in the territories of the
United States, h ve duly considerpd the important subject
committed to our charge, and make the following report as
expressive of tiie voice of Mississippi.
***********
'• In tins unfortunate controversy there are but two alter-
natives'—Hie one is submission, the other resistance. To
the one we cannot, we will not consent; the other, we are
reluct ;nt to adopt.
**** * * * * * * *
i( We have not met to discus* the question of power or i
expediency; tiny have been argued and reargued, in and [
out of Conwres-^ by our statesmen and by our peoplp. We J
have reasoned and remonstrated in terms of conciliation ,
with our northren brethren, until forbearance ha< ceased to
•be a virtue. We have warned them of the consequences of J
perseverance. They have disregarded our remonstrances '
and our warning's; they have disregarded the most solemn }
compromises, in winch we yielded too much. They have j
refused to submit to judicial determination, prefemng to de- \
cide by the force of numbers. There is no common arbiter; {
and we, too, must decide for ourselves. That decision i  -
made. We take our stand on the pl^toprinciples of the
Constitution, and intend to maintain it, or sink in the effort.
" We assert that Congress has no power over the subject
ofslavery, within the States, or in the Territories; thatthese
Stales, by the Revolution,by the Deciarattouof Independence,
and by the ireaty of peace, became separate and indepmd-
entsovereignties, with all the political power of separate and
distinct nations; that they are still so, except so far a> they
may have expressly delegated part of their power to the
General Government.
***********
iC We maintain that the system of slavery was recognized
by the Constitution—slaves were recognized as property, the
lull enjoyment of which was guarded and protected—guar-
antied by that compact; that Congress has no power over
such property.
* * * ** * * ** * *
" The power of Congress to legislate for the Territories is
a power to protect the citizen- and his property, not to declare
what is property."
But, sir, a full answer to those who have charged
this convention with any purpose of disunion, is
contained in the first resolution passed by that con-
venlion, as follows:
" 1st. Resolved, That we continue to entertain a devoted
and cherished attachment to the Union, but we desue to
have it as it was formed, and not as an e. gine of oppres-
sion."
This convention appointed a committee tapre-
pare an address to the people of Mississippi; and
from that address I will read as briefly as I have
from the report:
" The Union must and Will be preserved. The slave
States,in resistwgsuchdangerous and destrucitve usurpations
of the Federal Government, are defending the Constitution
and Union. Their position is wholly delensive—defensive
of their domestic relations and their pnvate rights of property;
defensive of their laws, upon winch these domestic relations
and rights of property are founded; defensive of their social
and political existence as States ; delensive of the Constitu-
tion and Union ; defensive of law, order, and good govern-
ment, of the right oY the people to govern themselves by
governments and laws of their own making throughout the
• oild. It is a cause which cannotfail before the social phi-
losophy.
* * * * * *- * * * * *
" Beside arid beyond a popular convention of the southern
States, with the view and the hope of arresting the course
of aggression, and, if not practicable, th^n to concentrate
the South in will, understanding, and action, the conven-
tion of Mivis>ippi suggested, as the possible ultimate resort,
the call, by the L gislatutes of the assailed States, of still more
solemn conventions—such asshould be regularly elected bv
the people ol those States—to deliberate, speak, and act, with
all the sovereign powei of the people. Should, in the result,
such conventions be called and meet, they may lead to a
like legularly constituted convention of all the assailed
States, to provide, in the last resort, lor their separate wel-
fare by the formation of a compact and a union that will afford
protection to their liberties and rights. In such a crisis, in
the language ot Mr. Madison, 'one spirit will animate and
conduct the whole.5 "
The last, sir, were not the means chosen, but the
alternative resorted to when all constitutional and
legal modes had failed—to be adopted only when
they could not possibly otherwise secure their
rights. After noticing how much depended upon
the Union, how deeply the interests of all sections
were connected with it, with what jealousy it was
watched, with what design and purpose at least
one foreign power had sought to sow the seeds of
disunion in the United States, the address goes on
to say:
"Our strength a' a nation—our success in gaining the
commerce of the world—our future growth in wealth and
population—the cause o{ human hbert) and the people's
ruliU throughout the world, depend upon our Union m it 19.
Lnt us be true to our trust. Let us preserve the Union and
leave slavery to the natural course of events."
They have not nor have their representatives
ever sought any other rights than the Constitution
gives, or any higher privileges than our fathers
left us as an inheritance. They have never viola-
ted the rights of others, and thus endangered the
Union. They have never disturbed the peace,
security, or growing prosperity of other States,
and thus given cause to dissolve the compact be-
cause of its insufficiency or its violation, and still
less have they sought its dissolution themselves.
After these popular proceedings, the Legislature
of the State met. That Legislature, in the resolu-
tions which I proposed this morning to present,
have but responded to the known feelings of the
people whom they represent. They have in no-
wise departed from the characteristic features of
the primary meetings and the popular convention
of the State. They have reaffirmed that attach-
ment to the Union which characterizes our people,
and they have reasserted those rights which they
value above all earthly considerations, as the birth-
right of freemen and peers in the Union. Such,
sir, has been the action of the State—such has been
the action of its Legislature.
I read an extract from a report of the select
committee on Federal and State relations, adopted
by the Legislature:
" We have anived at a period in the political existence of
our country when the fears of the patriot and philanthropist
may well be excited, lest the noblest fabric of constitutional
government on earth may, ere long, be laid in ruin* by the
elements of discord, engendered by an unholy hi^t for
power, and the fell spirit of fanaticism, acting upon the
minds of our brethren ol the non-slaveholding Stales ; and
that beneath its rums will be forever buried the hopes of an
admiring world for the political regeneration of enslaved
millions.
**********
"The spirit of forbearance and concession, which has
been for more than thirty years manifested arid acted on by
the slaveholding States has but strengthened the determina-
tion of their northern brethren to fasten upon them a sys-
tem of legislation, m regard to their peculiar dome-tic rela-
tions, as fatal in its effects to their prosperity and happiness
a? members Of the Confederacy, as it is unjust, and contrary
to the principles and provisions of the Constitution.
**********
" 1. Resolved, That we continue to entertain a devoted
and cheushed attachment to the Union, but we desire to
have it as it was formed, and not as an engine ol oppression.
**********
"7. That, in view of the frequent and increasing evidence
| of the determination of the people of the non-sl.ive holding
; States to disregard the guarantees of the Constitution, and
to agitate the subject of slavery, both in and out ot Con-
i uress, avowedly lor the purpose ot effecting its abolition in
! the States ; and, also, m view of the fncts set forth in the
! late "Address of the Southern Members of Congress," this
Convention pioclaims the delibeiate conviction that the
time has arrived when the southern States should take
counsel together for th< rr common safety ; and that a Con-
vention ol the slaveholding States should be held at Nash-
ville, Tennessee, on the first Monday i.n June next, to
devise and adopt some mode of resistance to these aggies-
sions.
**********
"Be it farther resolved, That it i« the duty of the Congress
of the United States to provide territorial orgamzuiiotfand
governments for all the territories acquired b> the common
blood and treasure of the citizens ol the several Slates, and
to provide the means of enforcing in said territories the
guarantees of the Constitution of the Urmed States in refer-
ence to the property ot citizens of any of the States re-
moving to any of said territories with the same, without
disti ctiou of limitation."
Now, sir, compare this with the action of those
who, striving against the Constitution, and con-
stantly seeking to scatter broadcast the seeds of
dissension throughout the Union, yet arraign our
' defensive measures, which grow legitimately and
i necessarily out of their own action. Compare
I the proceedings from which I have read, and the
' spirit of the extracts fiom the* Mississippi address *
j and resolutions which I have broughfrto the notice
1 of the Senate, with such tirades as are to be found"
! in the proceedings of Free-Soil conventions,
j Measure them with the proposition of the so-
1 called Christians for a convention of all the re-
; hgious denominations of the North and of the
I West for a crusade against slavery, and to debar
J slaveholders from communion with the churches.
For the South to have remained passive under
all the provocations they have received, non-resist-
ant under all the injuries perpetrated and contem-
: plated, would have exhibited more patience than
is consonant with political wisdom, or less spirit
than becomes a free and independent people, or
less vigilance than is necessary for the preserva-
tion of liberty.
We have had cause enough, both in and out of
Congress, for all, and more than all, the measures
we have ever proposed—warnings, abundant warn-
ings, to have justified more formidable and efficient
peparation. Whilst Congress has failed to pro-
mote peace and security, by discouraging and re-
fusing in any degree to be connected with fanat-
ical agitation, blank petitions have been sent all
over the country to procure signatures asking for
such hostile legislation by the Federal Congress
as its conduct has permitted evil men to hope for.
Instead of giving the repose and the assurance of
safety which is a duty ol Government, the course
pursued here has increased the agitation which a
hesitating policy might have been expected to en-
gender when opposed to fanaticism. The senseless
cry of the sacred right of petition—surely seuse-
l less when there is no grievance complaincd of, or
| when no redress is possible—has supported, if it
| has not created, a morbid desire to exercise the
privilege of encumbering the tables of Congress
. with petitions, which it were uncharitable to sup-
pose had been alsvays examined by the signers,
it has become a business of some to multiply the
cases of offence to the southern people, to pile
higher the mountain of memorials and petitions,
abusive of southern institutions, under which the
congressional shelves are now groaning.
I read from a document consisting of a number
of captions for various petitions, to be distiibuted
for signers in various parts of the country. They
are as follows:
" Petition to secure to alleged fugitives the right of trial
by jury—to the Congress of the United Slate*."
