£036
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
Sept. 27,
frontier of Texas. It was the duty of the Gov-
ernment to perform that service, but they were^not
in a position to do it, and did not do it; and the
question is whether, Texas having done what the
United States Government was bound to do, they
will pay the troops that defended the frontier.
Sir, I had hoped that there would be no question
raised on thia amendment. I have not complained
and I do not now complain, but the news which I
receive constantly from that frontier, and have
done for the last three or four years, is heart-rend-
ing in the extreme. War is not made upon men;
it is not waged in open day, but those who suffer
are the women and children, at the hour of mid-
night, and from such inflictions of savage barbar-
ity as it would be improper for me to mention in
the Senate of the United States, but which if men-
tioned would cause every man's blood to run cold.
Sir, I know that this is a just claim against the
Government of the United States, and I have no
sort of doubt that it will be paid. These pien
have done service upon the frontier, and they are
ready to do it again, and the only question is
whether yqu. will appropriate money to pay them
for that service now.
The amendment was then adopted.
Mr. BELL offered the following amendment:8
" For the payment of the awards of General William B.
Mitchell, commissioner under the treaty or Chicago of the
23thof September, 1833, with the Potawaiomies, leporied
by him to the Secretary of War on the 28th January, l84i,
as adjudicated and approved by the said Secretary in his
decision of the 3d .March, 1841, the sum of eighty-eight
thou.-and five hundred and eighty-nine dollars aud ihirty-
two cents, ($88,589 32.)"
That is a pretty large amount, Mr. President,
it is true; but it is a claim which has been pending
for the last ten years. If I can gain the attention
of the Senate, I will state the grounds on which I
am directed by the Committee on Indian Affairs
to present the amendment. I may state^ further
that it has also been adjusted by the Department
of the Interior and by the Commissioner of Indian
Affairs.
The claim arises in this manner: The United
States made various treaties with several bands of
Indians, the Potawatomies and some other tribes,
in 1833-6 and 7. I think there are some three or
four treaties as far back as-that. The stipulation
in each treaty, after making provision to pay their
debts, was, that they should remove within two
years beyond the Missouri river. Well, they de-
clined to remove from time to time, although ap-
plied to by the proper officers of the Government,
until 1846, when the people of Indiana, Illinois,
Wisconsin, and other States where these Indians
resided, made a united effort to have these
treaties enforced by the Executive. The difficulty
was, that these Indians were largely indebted to
the white people of the States in which they re-
sided, and which they refused to remove from.
The Executive, however, ordered General Brady
to take a sufficient force and remove them by force
of arms, but at the same time instructed him to
assure the Indians,as well as the white population
to whom they were indebted, that the Govern-
ment would take steps to pay these debts out of
the Indian annuities.
Well, sir, the creditors of these Indians, with
these assurances from the Government of the United
States, agreed to throw no obstructions in the way
of the removal of the Indians by harassing them
with their claims. But it seems that when the In-
dians arrived in the West, they positively refused
to al'ow the claims ascertained to be due to the
citizens of these States to be paid out of their an-
nuities. They insisted that there was no provision
made in the treaty for any such payment,"and they
would not agree to it; and that, the assurance <jiven
to them was that the Government ** f the United
Spates would arrange to pay their creditors. The
Indians had maintained, from that time to this,
that the Government of the United States stipu-
lated to pay their debts when they removed.
The Executive appointed a commissioner, in
accordance with the assurances given by General
Br.^'iy, to examine into the amount of these claims.
I *il! tfive, very briefly, a history of the proceed-
ings of that commissioner. General Wiiham B
Mitchell was appointed commissioner in 1839, and
proceeded, under special instructions from the War
Department, to make the examination. He ex-
amined claims against those who had resided m
Indiana ajone to the amount of $250,000. The
commissioner allowed some ninety-od4 thousand
dollars. This was returned to the department in
the Spring of 1840, and was cut down to some
eighty-odd thousand dollars. In the instructions
given to this commissioner he was authorized to
issue certificates for these debts, when he had ad-
justed them according to the instructions of the
department. > When the return was made to the
department, it was seen that great difficulty would
arise in issuing the certificates, and they were not
at that time issued. The claim was presented in
the early part of 1841, under the administration of
General Harrison, when I bad the misfortune to
preside for a short time in the department; and it
was misfortune, sincerely and truly. The de-
partment at that time, under the instruction of the
President, refused to carry the instructions given
by the preceding Executive into execution. This
I learn from a statement from the Commissioner
of Indian Affairs, filed among the papers in this
case.
The Secretary of War at that time decided that
the Indian annuities were not, by the treaty, liable
for the payment of these claims, and that if the
Government assumed to pay the claims therefrom,
it would deprive the Indians of the whole amount
of their annuities. The treaty under which the
Indians agreed to remove had appropriated a spe-
cific amount for the payment of the debts, which
had been long since exhausted, and had proved ut-
terly incompetent to pay but a small portion of
them. That was in 1841. When Mr. Spencer
came into the War Department he took up the case
as it stood at the expiration of the preceding Ad-
ministration, and he confirmed Mr. Poinsett's in-
structions upon that subject, and ordered the issu-
ing of the certificates in conformity with Mr. Poin-
sett's instructions. But they found great difficulty
in carrying it into execution; for there were sev-
eral bands of Indians, and there was no specifica-
tion of the particular band or tribe of Indians
against whom a particular claim could be brought.
In the mean time application was made to Congress
and in lb48 Congress took up the subject and or-
dered the certificates by law, m conformity with
the instructions of Mr. Poinsett. Then it became
the law of the land that the amount of these cer-
tificates should be paid, and paid with interest,
which was the form m which they were ordered
by Mr. Poinsett when these claims were adjusted.
Well, now, the sole question to which I ask the
attention of the Senate—and it is one which they
will have to decide upon—is this: The Indians de-
nied, when they removed west, that they ever
agreed that these claims should be paid out uf their
annuities, or in any other way, except out of the
fund appropriated for the purpose m the treaty un-
der which they agreed to remove; and then there
are the creditors, with these certificates m their
hands, with the assurance of the Executive, sanc-
tioned by Congress, that they should be paid. The
question now is, whether those claims shall be paid
out of the Treasury, or not paid at all, except by
taking the Indian annuities.
Now, these Indian annuities, though amounting
toa considerablesum, when those of all of the tribes
are united together, are yet very small when those
of the different bands or tribes are taken separate-
ly; and you have no power to take the funds of
the whole to pay the debts of individual tribes or
bands. I remember that in 1841 my conviction
was clear that these debts could not be paid by
the Government, unless you assumed arbitrarily
to dispose of the funds of the Indians, except out
of the Treasury.
I* do not wish to detain the Senate further. The
only question to be decided is, whether you will
rob these Indians of their annuities for four or five
years to pay these debts, when they never agreed,
in the stipulations of the treaty under which they
removed, that their annuities should be taken for
such a purpose, or whether you will pay these
debts out of the Treasury of the United States?
The question was then taken on the amendment,
and it was agreed to, on a division—ayes 22, noes
not counted.
Mr. YULEE. An amendment has been made
to this bill, providing for payment of certain ser-
vices rendered by volunteer troops in Texas in
resisting Indian depredations. There were some
companies of volunteers employed under similar
circumstances on an emergency in Florida. A bill
for the settlement of this claim has been reported
by the Military Committee during the present ses-
sion, and has passed the Senate; but it is in sucii
a position on the docket in the House as to render
it impossible that it can be reached during the pres-
ent session. The payment of the c'aim is recom-
mended by the department in a letter to the chair-
man of the committee of the other House; and, a 
provision for the Texan volunteers has been placed
in this bill, L ask the Senate to incorporate in it
also the following amendment:
" Be it further enacted, That the Secretary of War be, and
hereby is, directed to audit and adjust the claims of the State
of Florida^ under such laws and regulations as bave hereto-
fore governed the adjustment of similar claims of the States
on the United States, for moneys advanced and paid, and
for expenses incurred, and obligations contracted, by said
Slate, tor subsistence, supplies, and services of focal troops
called into service during the year 1849, by and unfler the
authorities of said Stale, to meet the emerg^nevkrising out
of the sudden insurrection of the Seminole Indians wubin
her limits; and that the sum so found due, or required for
said payments, be paid out of any money in the Treasury
not otherwise appropriated.'*
Mr. DAWSON". I will merely state that thia
claim was referred to the Committee on Military
Affairs, and we made a report favorable to the
bill, which passed the Senate without any diffi-
culty. It is but a small amount. 4
Mr. PEARCE, The bill before the Senate is<
a bill making appropriations for the current ex-
penditures of the Indian Department, and to en-
able them to comply with treaty stipulations.
That bill has undergone a strict scrutiny in the
committee—such a scrutiny as this and similar
amendments have not undergone, either in the
Finance Committee or in the Senate. Now, how,
njany members of the Senate have heard the ex-
planations which have been made? I will ven-
ture to say not one in ten. If we vote on this
amendment, we shall'not vote understanding^
and I submit to the Senate whether it is not very
unsafe to depart from the rule of legislation rec-
ognized heretofore, not to tack incongruous sub-
jects to a bill for specific purposes. It is impossi-
ble that any of us should be able to investigate
this matter properly. It does seem to me that
unless we abandon all system in legislation, throw
everything loose, and allow every sort of amend-
ment to be made, we ought to put down these
amendrr^nts, one and all. if we do not, there
will not be time for them to undergo the consid-
eration of the House, and the bill will be lost;
which would be a greater calamity to the whole
country than the postponement of the settlement
of this claim until next session could be to the
State of Florida. 1 hope the amendment will be
voted down.
Mr. YUJLEE. I will simply remark*that 1
should not have offered this amendmept if it had
not been that in consequence of a similar amend-
ment from another State having been adopted, I
felt it to be my duty to my constituents to give
this case the same chance of success in the House
as the other will have.
Mr. HUNTER. This shows the impropriety
of adopting these amendments. ,The Senator from
Florida remarks, very properly," that we have put
in the claim of another State, and that in justice
to his constituents he must ask to have their claim
put in too; and so we shall have all the claims of
States and private individuals tacked to the gen-
eral appropriation bill. I would say, in confirma-
tion of what has fallen from the Senator from
Maryland, that there will be great difficulty in get-
ting the appropriation bills through the'two Houses
in the limited time that is left; and if we are to
have committees of conference on all the bills, it
will be impossible. It is jtherefore desirable that
we should pass the bills as nearly as we can in
the shape in which they came from the House.
The question was then taken on the amendment,
which was rejected on a division—ayes 5, noes
not counted.
Mr. SEBASTIAN. I offer the following amend-
ments:
"To the Cherokee nation, including those Cherokees
stiH residing east of the Mississippi river, to be distributed
per capita, "according to the respective rights, and in full of
all claims under the treaty of J835, and the supplemental
articles of ,1836, according to the pnnciples estab-
lished and in pursuance of the stipulations embraced m the
third and ninth articles of the tre.ity of 6th of August, 1846,
as stated in the report of the accounting officer of the Treas-
ury under the joint resolution of Congiessofjih of Au^st,
1848, the sum ot seven hundred and r^ity^ilf th"oQ &nd
six h-mdred and three dollars hirty-sev%p cents.
"For the additional amount for expenses jjaid for subsist-
ence, and improperly charged to the treaty-futfd .iccoiding
to the award of the Senate of fifteenth day of September,
1850, under the provisions of the eleventh'article of the
treaty of 6th day of August, 1840, one hundred and eighty-
