1850.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
2037
nine thousand four hundred and twenty-two dollars seveniy-
six cents.
"To the 'Old Settlors,' or ' Western Cherokees,'in full
of all demand-. und«'r the provisions- of the treaty of 6th of
Anmut, 1 S6, according to the principles (established m the
fourth -iiticle thereof, five hundrfd and thirty-two thousand
eight hundred and mneiy-HX dollars, ninety cents.
« And he it furthtr enacted, That intt test he allowed and
paid upon the above sums due respectively to the Cherokees
and ' Old Sinter?-,' in pursuance of the above-mentioned
awaid of the Senate, under the reference contained in the
said eleventh article o( the ueaty of the 6th of August,
18-16."
If I can obtain the attention of the Senate I will
give a brief explanation of this amendment, but it
will be very brief. These claims arise under the
treaty of 1833, in which the rights of the Chero-
kees were adjusted by the officers of the United
States Government. About the year 1841 that
treaty became the subject of a controversy be-
tween the nation and the United States, that re-
sulted in the Indians prosecuting their claims
before the Government until 1846, when the em-
matter, allow me to say, which is now no longer a
controverted or open question. It was settled by
the award of the Senate of the United States, con-
stituted umpire by the mutual agreement of both
parties in the treaty of 1846, and that award be-
came a part of the original treaty itself, and is
binding on the Government.
The next provision is that of five hundred and
■ some odd thousand dollars for the western Chero-
! keea. This claim originated in this way: By the
] original treaty of 1835, by which the United States
: acquired the title to ail the lands of the eastern
i Cherokees lying east of the Mississippi river, they
1 were to be emigrated and settled upon the lands
j of the western Cherokees, to whom the country
assigned to them had been exclusively secured by
i the treaty of 1820 and 1833. This treaty made
I no provision at all for compensation to the Western
, Cherokees for the country thus taken for the use
i of the Eastern Cherokees, and the consequence
j was that the Western Cherokees became greatly
i dissatisfied, and prosecuted a claim against the
barrassment and trouble arising out of the con- U1.,SUUCI1,U) „llu     _
struction of the treaty of 1835 was finally settled i: Gove'rn'ment"for 'reasonable satisfaction for the
by the explanatory treaty of 1846. The delay :! country thustaken from them. The treaty of 1846
which has occurred in the appropriations since >• .... • • , -• =  -
has been entirely in consequence of the want of a
statement of the account, according to the princi-
ple of the treaty of 1846, by the proper officer of
the Treasury. This is the first session at which
we have been able to procure that statement, and
according to ihe statement made out by ihe Comp-
troller and Auditor of the Treasury under the au-
thoiity of a joint resolution of Congress, I have
presented the amounts named in this amendment.
This subject has been before the Senate upon one
settled the principle upon which they should re
ceive compensation, and the accounts have been
audited according to the principles thus settled by
that treaty, and the result is a balance found due
to the Western Cherokees of the sum reported by
the Committee on Indian AlFdirs, in ihis amend-
ment, which stands, L believe, at ^530,0U0.
I would say further, in explanation of this
item, that the basis of settlement with the Eastern
Cherokees is contained m the 9th article of the
treaty of 1846; the basis of the settlement with
or two occasions heretofore, but in consequence of ,| t]ie vVestern Cherokees is fixed in the 4th article
the incomplete character of the report from the In- j; 0f ^at treaty. The compensation which is Que
dian office, and from the fact that that office did
not possess data on which to make a final report ij
on these controverted questions between the Uni- jj
ted States and the Cherokees, Congress, by ajoint jj
resolution, and for the purpose of settling forever, i
and by a conc'usive report, understood to beacqui- !
esced in as final both hy the Cherokees and the
United States, referred the whole complicated i
question of the accounts, amounting to six or seven
millions of dollars, and running through a period
of ten or twelve years, to the accounting ofiiceis
of the Treasury. A laborious search into all the
to the Western Cherokees was based upon the
assumed ground that they constituted one third of
the entile Cherokee nation; that after ascertaining
how much was due to the Ejstein Cherokees, a
sum equal to one thiid that amount was to be
awarded to the Western Cherokees as compensa-
tion for the country which they had surrendered
for the occupation of the Eastern Cherokees,
Previously to the treaty of 1835 the Eastern
and VVestern Cherokees constituted separate na-
tions. The equity of the claim of the Western
Cherokees consisted in this fact, that the country
files of the department, continued for about twelve | Sllrrendered to them exclusively by the treaties of
months, and under the superintendence of one ofigo^j and 1833, had, by a treaty to which they
the commissioners who negotiated the treaty of ij were not parties and had not given their consent
* A I /t 1 I . _ J I  iL^ fhlOt li 1 J* .1 *   t nta/MA f I u A ^ lint*
1846, has resulted in the report upon which this
appropiiation is based. These officers report an
amount of $624 000 in favor of the Eastern or
National Cherokees, to which the Committee on
Indian Affiirs have reported an additional allow-
ance of §96,000, which they contend was improp-
erly charged to the Cherokee fund, and which, by
the thud article of the explanatory treaty of 1846,
is to be reimbursed to the Cherokees. This addi-
tional item is money improperly expended by the
Government and charged to the Cherokees, for the
been taken for the joint occupation of the Cher-
okees east. This claim is settled on the basis fixed
in the 4th article of the treaty of 1846, by which,
after deducting certain expenditures, which were
agreed upon, ihey were to have one third. That
proportion was ascertained by a communication
from the Land Office to be §53!),000 The com-
mittee, however, thought that the VVestern Cher-
okees were chargeable with the emigration of a
greater number than that stated in the report of
the Land Offi'-e, and in consequence leduced the
expenses of agents concerned and engaged in the !; amount to §530,000, as it stands m the amend-
removal of the Indians. This by the third article j n-jent.
of the treaty of 1846 is made an improper charge, jj This, sir, constitutes a very brief explanation of
and by the terms of that article it is to be reim- jj tj,e poinis involved in these amendments; and 1
bursed to the Cherokees. The amount thus ascer-
tained by the Auditor and Tieasurer under the
joint resolution of Congress, with the additional
amount reported by the committee, makes up the
aggregate presented in the first amendment.
The next item in the proposed appropriation
consists of §189,000, which was allowed upon the
5th of this month, by an award of the Senate, con-
stituted umpire under the 11th article of the treaty
of 1846, and which is for the expense of subsist-
ence improperly charged to the Cherokees in the
settlement of their account by the accounting
officers.
Whether the Government or the Cherokee fund
was to bear the expense of subsisting the Chero-
kees for twelve months after their removal into
their own country west, was a controverted ques-
the poi..—  .
maybe permitted to say, that, notwithstanding
the question has heretofore been controverted,
still we have in this discussion arrived at a point
in which we have obtained at last certain official
data on which we are enabled to make the appro-
priation, and the question can now be settled.
; The Senate, for the purpose of procuring the
1 data on which they should make this appropna-
■ Uon, got rid of this difficult and embarrassing
. question by referring it not only to the officers con-
stituted by lav/ the proper persons to adjust ac-
counts of this kind, but, m addition to that, one
of the officers who have had the adjudication of
the claim, was one of the commissioners appointed
by the Government to negotiate the treaty of 1846,
and for that reason was supposed to be familiar
with the principles, object, and design of that treaty.
L-wrsa -j
themselves unable to settle, and to make a final | very difficult,and^embauas&i^.
disposition of the matter it was referred to the
Senate of the United States as umpire. On the ,
5ih of th's month, in a resolution of the Senate, ,
we discharged the duty thus imposed on us by the ;
virtual agreement of the United States and the :
Cherokees, and decided that, §189,000 was im-
properly charged to the Cherokees. That is a
task. I do not
mean to say that the reports of the accounting of-
ficers in this case,and of the Commissioner of In-
dian Affairs, have attained absolute accuracy and
certainty. This is, at the most, but an approxi-
mation to what is a right and just final settlement
between the United States and the Cherokees.
This, sir, is final in its character. It is a report
which was asked for by the Indians themselves,
for the purpose of obtaining satisfaction, ft has
resulted in giving to them a smaller amount than
they refused previously to take as a finnl settle-
ment. It is, however, from its very character, final
and conclusive on all (he parties, and it is, under
all the circumstances, as correct a report of the
final balancc winch is due upon the settlement be-
tween the parties as we shall ever attain. By de-
lay we shall only accumulate the interest which
has been allowed by the decision of the Senate,
which will be of far more value, and of grea'er
magnitude than will be compensated for by any
slight reduction, or contingent reduction, which
we might obtain in the statement of the balance
by referring these accounts again to the officers.
Whether they would report more or less is en-
tirely a matter of uncertainty. But, as I said he-
fore, this statement approximates to the real truth
of the case to as great a certainty as we shall ever
probably be able to attain. !t is final, agreed upon
by both parties, and as such I hope will need no
further explanation or discussion.
Mr. COOPER. The piesentation of this claim
opens one of the saddest and most discreditable
transactions of this Government with our Irdian
tribes. I am not goin^ to detain the Senate at this
stage of the session with many remarks. I shall
be exceedingly brief; but in justice to the Indians,
and in answer to some suggestions made by the
Senator from Arkansas, (Mr. Sebastian,] I feel
bound to make a very brief statement of this case
to the Senate. If I had time I could demonstrate
| to the Senate that by this settlement the Western.
' Cherokees are wronged to an amount of half a mil-
lion of dollars, or very nearly to that amount. It
is perfectly demonstrable on the face of the treaty,
and by figures. But, sir, I do not desire that this
appropriation should be defeated at this time.
They have been kept out of their money for years,
and (hey are now, many of them at least, in a state
of absolute destitution, from the fact that it has
been witnheld fiom them for so long a period of
time. Sir, a very brief history will satisfy those
who choose to listen that these Western Chero-
kees have been very grievously wronged. In 1817
a treaty was made with a branch of the Cherokee
.nation, and m pursuance of that treaty, in 1819,
! about one thud of the nation, as was afterwards
; ascertained, moved into what is now the Siare of
■ Arkansas, occupying, under the provisions of the
1 tieaty, about f<>ur million acres of land. The
: Western Cherokee received acre for acre in what
' is now the State of Arkansas, for what th^y re-
; hnquuhed in Georgia, Tennessee, and perhaps in
j other States. In 1828, population extending west-
j ward, and the lands of the Cherokees who had
1 emigrated to the West being desired by the white
I population, a treaty was set on foot and they weie
i removed further west, seven millions of acres west
t of Arkansas being given to them in fee simple,
without any reference whatever to the Eas'ern
Cherokees. Seven millions of acres were givon to
them under that treaty, with a perpetual ou'let
west. So things stood until 1835. In 1835 a
treaty was made with the Eastern Cherokt-es, by
! which it was stipulated that the Government of
j the United States should pay to the Eastern Cher-
! okees, for the lands which they were to cede to
; the Government, #5,000,000 in consideration of the
lands, and $000,OUO to be approbated to pay for
; improvements and emigration westward Subse-
| quently, m 1837, or perhaps at the beginning of
1 1833, an appropriation svas made of §1,041,067 for
! the purpose of bearing the expenses of the emiirra-
j uon of the Eastern Cherokees west, making in all
ij over $6,600,000, which was appropriated by the
United States, or to be paid by the United States.
They did emigrate, and instead of occupying lands
belonging to the United States, they were placed
upon lands which, by the treaty of 1828, had been
granted to the Western Cherokees, who occupied
i this territory of seven millions of acres. They of
, course sought redress of the grievances which they
' suffered m'consequence of the Eastern Cherokees
' being placed amontj them, and on their lands, un-
! der the treaty of 1835 It resulted at last in the treaty
| of 1846. By the fourth article of that treaty, as
, stated by the Senator from Arkansas, provision is
1 made for the Western Cherokees, and that provis-
: ion is this, which is the gist of the question. They
" were to have one third of the m-wy appropriated
by the treaty of 1835, less $500,000, winch was to
constitute a permanent fund, and other expendi-
