1850.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
943
" Petition for the repeal of ail laws, enacted or adopted
by Congress, for the support of slavery in the District of
Columbia—to the Congress of the United states."
" Petition against the admission of more slave Slates into
the Union—to the Congress of the United States."
" Petition for the establishment and protection of freedom
in the territories of the United States—to the Congress of
the United States."
On the opposite sheet to that containing these
petitions, is the following circular:
" To each friend of liberty in the United States:
"Your prompt attention is earnestly requested to this
communication. Please read it with the annexed forms of
petitions, and then act efficiently in the premises."
These are sent through the mail, and in due time
bear their fruit of public excitement; and when
they reach their final destination, the halls of Con-
gress produce that interference with the discharge
of our duties which has been recently so often
witnessed in the Senate.
Sir, in every form, individually and collectively,
through the press and from the pulpit, by associa-
tions, by conventions of world-wide delegates,
by evangelical alliances—by every known mode,
have we been assailed; yes, by State conventions,
too. I have before me the proceedings of one, the
object of which is to get up a sectional convention.
It was held in the State of Rhode Island. The
proceedings which have been sent to me bear date
of March 16, 1850. With the usual amount of 1
scurrilous abuse of the South, is mingled an attack ••
on a measure now pending in this body—the bill i
to enforce the constitutional requirement for the
rendition of fugitive slaves. I wiil read the intro-
duction, and two of the resolutions:
"Free Soil State Convention.—The convention was
held yesterday in tins city at the State House, and was
called to order by Joseph Veazie, esq., and was temporarily \
organized by the election ot Walter R. Danforth, president, |
and John H. Willarri and ! hsha N. Aldrich, secretaries. A 1
call was made Irom the '-hair fur certificates of tlie election .
of delegate* ftom the several towns, which, being produced,
were thus enrolled by the secretaries, as follows :
"Gloucester, Warwick, Exeter, East Greenwich, Provi-
dence, YVeateily, H'ipkirnon, Coventry, Cumberland, South
Kingstown, North Providence, Burriliville, Newport, and
Smithfield.
"Resolved, That, if the bill now pending before the Uni-
ted State& Senate, "to reclaim fugitives from shivery," be-
comes a law, we cannot and will not so far degrade our
common humanitv, mock our professions as lovers of lib-
erty, Nullity our convictions of justice, scofFat the plairie-t
teachings of the Chn.-tian religion, and deride the mstiuc-
tions ot the world's Redeem- r, as to refuse to clothe the
naked and feed the hungry, panting fugitive, pleading f<r
freedom; or as to become jaekaN and blood-hounds foi
inan-stealers in pursuit o! their innocent viciim !
"Resolved, That, in our opinion, agitation is essentially ■
necessary to aiouse the public mind from its present state of f
lethargy on the subject of human slavery : therefore we 1
would recommend the call of a New England convention '
of Free-Soilers, at such time and place as the various State !
cential committees may hereafter determine ; and we would
earnestly solicit their early attention to the importance of
this matter."
Here, sir, is the proposition to assemble a sec-
tional convention for the purpose of violating the
constitutional rights of another portion of the
Union; yet this passes unnoticed, at least unre-
buked, by such as have villified those who have ,i
peaceably assembled, not to assail or endanger
their neighbors, but to secure their own constitu-
tional rights. They, however, being of the South,
therefore are charged with purposes of disunion.
It is not enough that our rights are disputed, our
growth and prosperity and equality in the Union
attacked as the cause of an enemy, that the bur-
dens and benefits of the Government are distribu-
ted with a partial and unjust discrimination against
us, but to this, to these, shall the arraignment of
our motivbe se added.
Mr. President, these injuries, positive and nega-
tive—these offences against their pride and sensibil-
ity-—these intrusions upon their domestic relations
—these infringements upon their State rights, in-
creasing from year to year in offensiveness, and
the strength by which they are sustained—have
excited the feeling manifested in the State of Mis-
sissippi. But, sir, we have been asked, and asked,
too, in the Senate, if this Nashville Convention
does not meet for purposes of disunion, why does
it meet at all? Mr. President, have we reached
that point in the history of our Government when
aggression is sanctioned by numbers, and redress
can only be obtained by force?—when citizens can
not peaceably assemble in convention with other
hopes and other prospects than disunion ? Sir,
this Nashville Convention was founded in the con-
fidence which the people of Mississippi, so far as
they recommended it, had in the patriotism, the
good morals, and good sense of the North. It was
founded in the expectation that the masses of the
South couid speak to the masses of the North, and
gain their attention for useful purposes, it was
founded in the hope that fraternity was not yet
dead, and regard for the Constitution not yet
wholly obliterated among the people, however far
politicians may have gone astray. Those who be-
lieve that this faith was unjust and this hope was
vain, may well ask us, if not assembled there for
purposes of disunion, why do we assemble ?
When those who believe this confidence in the
patriotism and fraternity of our co-States of the
Union to be unfounded, ask such a question, no
answer can be given which to them could be sat-
isfactory.
One of the resolutions which I propose this morn-
ing to present, avers it as one of the grievances of
which we complain, that Congress has failed to
exercise what is an official, a moral, a constitu-
tional obligation, that is, to give government to the
Territories, and protection to property going into
those Territories. We, the Congress, are the trus
tees of the public domain. We have failed to ex-
ercise the duties of that trust; and why, sir, have
we failed? it has been because the power of fanat-
icism has interfered with our legislation; its influ-
ence has been sufficient to control the action of
Congress. We have been unable to leg,slate,
unless in accordance with the demands of the
anti-slavery party. In this case it is not only a con-
i stitutional obligation of the high character which
I I have stated, but an obligation imposed upon us
I by treaty, an obligation winch we took upon our-
! selves in the solemn international compact of Gua-
dalupe Hidalgo, by which we received a territory
and population of Mexico, and pledged ourselves
to give to that population the protection of our laws
and ourgovernment. We have failed in that treaty
obligation, and to the other derelictions haveadded
a breach of national faith by failing to give to the
Mexican population accepting the terms of the
treaty, that protection which had been guarantied in
the contract by which we acquired the territory, to
those who chuse 10 remain on the soil and become
citizens of the United States.
It is true, sir, that some have proposed to escape
from this responsibility by allowing emigrants,
drawn from all countries by the attractive force of
gold, in conjunction with the resident Mexicans and
those who have gone from the United States into
California, to execute those powers which it was
the duty of this Federal Government in part to have :
exercised, and m whole to have preserved as the
property of the States, until surrendered on their
part by competent authoiity. When we received
the territory into the United States, it was the ac-
quisition of the States, and ours the obligation to
secure it for the common benefit and to the com-
mon use : that we have failed to perform. There
was a right in every citizen of the United States to
go into that territory, and to find tor his property
the protection of the law and the Constitution of the
United States: that has been denied;—denied foi
the express purpose of stripping the people of the
South of the advantage which even the declaration
that the Constitution extended to the territory
would have given to the slaveholders who might
wish to carry that species of property into the ter-
ritories. Congress has thus indirectly done that
which it has not dared directly to do: it has, by
refusing the protection of laws conforming to the
United States Constitution, excluded slaveholders
from going with their property into the territories
as effectually as it could have been done by the
odious, abandoned Wilmot proviso. Need we,
sir, graver or other causes of complaint to justify a
Southern Convention?
If, sir, the people of that territory, coerced by
the failure ot Congress to give them a government,
have assembled and adopted for themselves such
governments as they could provide under the cir-
cumstances, it was by the action of Congress that
they were driven to that necessity. Nay, more,
sir: with the knowledge before their eyes, that it
was opposition to slavery which prevented the
formation of territorial governments, they must
have seen, without recurring to the Missouri con-
troversy, that unless they excluded slavery by
their fundamental law, their government would
be rejected; and thus they were m effect com-
manded to form a constitution which should ex-
clude slavery from the territory over which they
proposed to erect their government. What is
this, sir, but two-fold interference with the prop-
erty rights Of one and the political liberty of another
portion of the people? What, sir, but dictation to
the population of California with regard to the
kind of government which they should be per-
mitted to form ? If they had a right to form a
government at all, they certainly had a right to
form it unshackled by extraneous opinions or
other limitation than that which the Constitution
of the United States imposes. I do not propose
now to discuss this question. It is but inciden-
tally involved in the resolutions I present, and be-
longs properly to a bill which I presume will be
soon under the consideration of the Senate. I
merely wish to suggest to Senators, to ask them-
selves whether they have given to the people,
whom they propose to admit as a State, the free
and untrammeled privilege of forming their in-
stitutions according to their own will? whether
they have not indicated to them, by their action,
that they need not hope to enter this Union save
with a prohibition of slavery incorporated into
their constitution?
Thus it seems to besought by the hands of oth-
ers to do that which the anti-slavery men of Con-
gress have not been able to effect, and thus indi-
rectly, but effectually, to deprive the South of all
share in this territory.
The people of Mississippi exercised their right
peaceably to assemble—a right which Great Brit-
ain denied to our forefathers, and which denial,
more than any other one cause, led to the war of
the Revolution, which gave independence to these
United States. They peaceably assembled. They
considered their grievances. They have invited
others, like circumstanced,to meet them in con-
sultation upon the subject of providing appropriate
remedies. They have not sought by force of arms,
nor by force of numbers, to violale the Constitu-
tion, or infringe the rights of others. Far from it.
They have sought by public opinion, and by a
frank expression of their convictions and determi-
; nations, to operate upon what they still hope ex-
. ists—the spirit of patriotism and fraternity—
I which, in times gone by, animated and governed
j-their fathers, when, united by one Constitution,
j and marching to a glorious destiny under one ban-
] ner, they founded the Republic. This is the
i length and breadth and depth of all the proceed-
ings of the(ipeople of Mississippi. Under such
circumstances, therefore, ihey may well scorn the
denunciations of those who impugn their motives.
; They may well rely for their justification against
charges of disloyalty to the Union, on the proofs
they have heretofore given, and those they are
ready hereafter to give, whenever their country
may need them, of their devoted attachment to
the glory and interests, and th'eir faithful adhe-
rence to the Constitution, of the United S.ates.
Well may they rely securely upon the purity of
their motives, the justice of their demands, and the
final judgment of mankind, for a refutation of the
charges of those who have attempted to defame
them. It is true that the hope arid confidence in
the justice, the feeling of fraternity, and the sense
of constitutional obligation, to which I have le-
ferred, have rendered some prone, upon slight evi-
dence, to believe that all danger was past; and if
recent events have created thus some division of
opinion as to the necessity of the Nashville Con-
vention, let no one presume from that manifesta-
tion that there is any purpose of submission, or of
ahandnnment of their friends and neighbors, in
case that hope and confidence are disappointed
and deceived. The difference, Mr. President, is
mainly this: some rely upon the patriotism and
good teelins: of their fellow-citizens of the North
for a full and fair settlement of all matters in dis-
pute; others distrust it. Those who distrust it are
in favor of immediate action. Those who feel
the reliance to which 1 have referred aie disposed
to postpone action, with the hope that it will be
rendered unnecessary. I am not one of those who
believe the hope to be well founded. It is my
opinion that justice will not be done to the South,
unless from other promptings than are about us
here—that we shall have no substantial considera-
tion offered to us for the surrender of an equal
claim to California. No security against future,
harassment by Congress will probably be given.'
The rainbow which some have seen, I fear was
set before the termination of the stoim. If'this be
so, those who have been first to hope, to relax
their energies, to trust m compromise promises,
will often be the first to sound the alarm when
