1850.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
Mr. SEBASTIAN. I have another amend-
ment, which I wish to offer. It is as follows:
« Thai the sum of $39,901 67 he and the same i* hereby
appropriated, out of any money m the Treasury not other-
wise appropriated, to he paid by the Creek agent to the sur-
viving chiefs of the Mcintosh party of Creek Indians, to be
divided among the chiefs and warriors, the friends and fol-
lowers of the late General William Mcintosh, who have not
received their proportion of the sum of $100,000, stipulated
by the ninth article of the treaty between the United States
and the Creek nation, made at the city of Washington, on
the a9fch January, 1826; said sum of $39,901 67 to be in full
may not be a thousand dollars or so allowed
more than is justly-and precisely due under a fair
and proper construction of the treaty—we are
asked to postpone the matter. Well, it is for the^
feenate to decide whether, for such considerations,
they will postpone it. i have carefully examined
that report of the Senator from Arkansas; and,
from my own recollections and impressions of the
examination which I made at one time of this
whole subject, I can state with confidence that
| l*)at reP£rt cannotgbe impugned in any one partic-
s ular. X here may be injustice done as to the rel-
: ative claims of the parties, as suggested by the
: feenatcr from Pennsylnania, but the treaty of 1846
t warrants every dollar of this appropriation.
Mr- DICKINSON. 1 submit that the appro-
priation here proposed is too large in amount, and
involves too many important considerations, to be
disposed of in this hurried manner, and receiving
so little attention as it necessarily must. I do no!
believe that the public interests will suffer any
great detriment, or that injustice will be done to
the claimants, if this question be postponed until
another session. I hope, therefore, that it will be
passed over, and permitted to rest until an occa-
sion shall offer when we shall have an opportu-
nity at least to examine if not to discuss its
merits.
This is a very plain question, and
1 shall not detain the Senate by entering upon its
discussion. According to the ninth article of the
treaty, and a decision made by the Senate in pur-
suance of another article of the same treaty, the
Government and the Senate have allowed these
claims, This, then, is a subsisting debt against
the United States; first, by treaty stipulations, and
secondly, by a decision of the Senate according to
the terms of that treaty. It is a debt conceded to
be owing these Indians, and it is time that we
paid it.
Mr. PEARCE. If the resolution of the Senate,
which has been referred to, had awarded the dif-
ferent amounts named in the different branches of
the amendment, X should not have said a word
aga.inst that amendment. I do not mean to say
that every Senator is in the same position; but
1 do say that the Finance Committee had not
their attention called to this amendment, that it
was not in the bill before the House, and that
they have had no opportunity to investigate it. It
was no fault of theirs that they have not made
themselves masters of this subject, as they would
have done had it been submitted to them in proper
time. They only knew, in regard to it, what the
rest of the Senate had made known to them, and
so much of the amendment we are willing to ac-
cept. If we had the same knowledge in regard to
the rest of the items, we should have been pre-
pared also to allow them, large as they are, amount-
ing in the aggregate, I believe, fco a million and a
half of dollars, an^I know not how much inter-
est, but at least a quarter of a million more be-
sides ! On an appropriation for so large an amount
we should act understanding^, and this we can-
not do at the present time.
Mr. MANGrUM. What is the question ?
The PRESIDENT. It is on the fhotion to
strike out of the amendment offered by the Sena-
tor from Arkansas all except the following:
" For the additional amount for expenses paid for subsist-
ence an^l improperly charged to the treaty fund, according
to the award of the Senate of the 5th day of September,
1850, under the provisions of the 11th article of the treaty of
0th of August, 1846, $169,422 76."
The amendment to the amendment was agreed
to, and the amendment thus amended.
Mr. PEARCE. It is proper, in conformity
with the treaty and the resolution of the Senate,
to make an addition for interest at five per cent,
per annum. I move to add at the end of the
amendment just adopted the words:
" And that interest be paid on the same at the rate of five
percent, per annum, according to a resolution of the Ben-
ate of the 5th September, 1850."
The amendment was agreed to.
2039
of all demands of said Indians, under the said ninth article
or tlie said treaty."
Mr. PEARCE. I should like to hear some ex-
planation of that amendment.
Mr. SEBASTIAN. As discussion was so fatal
to the very be3t amendment offered^ I prefer to
withhold from this amendment even the fatal
friendship of an explanation. I will hear the ob-
jections which I expect from the Senator from
Maryland, and simply reply to them.
Mr. PEARCE. It is scarcely fair to call for
objection to a proposition the first moment I hear
it, and I have not heard it read very distinctly
either. I think an affirmative explanation ought
to be offered before an objection can be expected.
Mr. SEBASTIAN. 1 he amount reported by
the committee as due to the remaining party of the
friends and followers of the late General William
Mcintosh, of some thirty-odd thousand dollars,is
in fulfillment of the plain terms and obligations of
the treaty of 1846. To ascertain this balance is as
plain a matter as the ascertainment of a balance
due on a promissory note by summing up the
credits and the interest due on it. By the 9th ar-
ticle of the treaty of 1846 with the Creeks, the
United States stipulated to pay the sum of §100,000
to that party of the nation known as the friends
and followers of General Mcintosh, the party who
espoused the interests of the United States in the
old Creek war of 1814, and whose chiefs were as-
sassinated in consequence of bringing about the
treaty of Indian Springs, and the cession of terri-
tory there agreed to. That treaty was repudiated
in 1826. These Indians, in consequence of their
agency in this matter, were driven out of the na-
tion and took refuge in the State of Georgia. Their
chiefs were murdered, and the Government found
itself under the necessity of removing the remain-
ing portion of them west; and in the treaty in
which they agreed to do so it was stipulated, in
consideration of their past misfortunes, that the
sum of $100,000 should be divided among them,
numbering then some three thousand. By the
terms of that treaty $15,000 were to be paid down.
That was done, and an appropriation was made by
the act of 1847 in fulfillment of that treaty. $15,000
then were paid down as 1 have said; $38,000 were
taken by the officers of the Government to dis-
charge other articles of the treaty, and to pay the
expenses of subsisting the Indians prior to their
making the treaty and in pursuance of the treaty
of 1825, by which the United States agreed to hold
the Mcintosh party harmless from the consequence
of making the treaty of Indian Springs. In 1848
a portion of the Mcintosh party, who emigrated
under Crowell, made application and received their
proportion of §33 a head. There is still, however;
a party of some sixteen or seventeen hundred to ,
whom the Government have not as yet even paid !
this money. The Indians exist, as is shown by j
the reports of the Indian agents. The Govern- |
ment has appropiiated the money, yet the report i
which came from the bureau of Indian affairs !
shows that the money was not distributed to them,
but that it was appropriated previously to other
purposes. And the amount which is now asked
is the proportion due to those remaining unpaid of
§100,000 appropriated. An amount has been paid
as I stated: To the party under Crowell §15,000
were paid down, in pursuance of the treaty, and
there is a balanSte remaining, and this is the bal-
ance now proposed to be appropriated. This is a
brief statement of the case, as shown by the report
of the Commissioner of Indian Affairs.
Mr. DAWSON. I beg to ask the chairman of
the Committee on Indian Affairs if this is not the
appropriation we passed the other day ?
Mr. SEBASTIAN. No, this matter has never
been brought before the consideration of either
House of Congress this session. A memorial
was presented to the Senate, which was referred to
the Committee on Indian Affairs, and which I, as
one of that committee, report upon at the present !
moment. I
Mr. DAWSON. Is this the matter of §100,000 ? !
Mr. SEBASTIAN. No, it is the claim of the
friendly Creeks for losses sustained in aid of the
United States.
Mr. DAWSON. Which treaty is it under?
Mr. SEBASTIAN. Under the treaty-of 1826.
It is to fulfill the terms of the treaty made between
the Mcintosh party and the United States, who,
as the Senator is well aware, took refuge in his
own State.
That is all I desired to know.
Mr. DAWSON.
Then it is all right.
Mr. DICKINSON. I see that this amendment
gives these Indians $39,901 67, while the report
shows a different balance, that of #41,666. '
Mr. SEBASTIAN. I will state, in explana-
tion of this difference, that in the subsequent acts
no notice was taken of the 815,000 which had been
already paid, and the Inuian bureau concluded
from the action of Congress that it intended to
make a gratuity of that amount. The Committee
on Indian Affairs took a different view of it, and
deducted, pro rata, that amount from the original
sum under the treaty.
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. BELL. I move to strike out of the lines
207 and 208 of the bill the words "pro rata, as now
required by law," from the appropriation. I do
't®t.the.suggestion of 'he Committee on Indian
Affairs in the other House, the chairman stating
that it was not the policy of that committee to re-
quire the fund to be appropriated in that way.
Mr. PEARCE. If the Senator will allow me,
I can tell him that these words were proposed to be
stricken out by the committee, and that the amend-
ment was carried.
Mr. BELL. The amendment was sugo-ested to
me by another Senator, but I am glad to know
that it has been done, and very properly done,
as I think, already. I wish to offer another
amendment with a proviso to come in as a separate
section in some proper place. It is as follows:
" Be it further enacted, Sfc., That no payment to any In-
dian residing in the State of North Carolina be made until
a census be taken which will exhibit those who remained
I east at the time of the emigration, and who are entitled to
j share in the per capita distribution under the treaty of 1836:
' Provided, That no further payment be made to the Indians
of North Carolina under the act of the 26th of June, 1848
until said census roll be returned to the depaitment; and
that the sum of fifty-two dollars and thirty-three and one
third cents, set apart for any Indian vvlio shall have died or
wlio may die previous to his or her emigration, shall be paid
to the Cherokee nation.''
This proposition is merely to suspend the pay-
ment of the amount appropriated two years ago
to the North Carolina Indians, upon the ground,
as I believe, that a fraud has been committed on
the Government in some form or other, whether
intentionally or not, I do not know. In order to
explain to the Senate the application of this amend-
ment, I will read the section of the law under
which the appropriation was made:
"Sec. 4. And be it further enacted, That the Secretary
of War cause to be ascertained the number and the names
©f such individuals and families, including each member of
every J'aiuily of the Cherokee nation of Indians, that re-
mained in the State at the time of the ratification of the
treaty of New Eehota, May 23, 1838, and who have not re-
moved we-t of the Mississippi, or received the commuta-
tion for lemoval and subsistence, and repoit the same to the
Secretary of the Trea-ury, whereupon the Secretary of the
Treasury shall set apart, out of any moneys in the Treasury
not otiierwse appropiiated, a sum equal to fittv-three dollars
and thirty-three and one third cents for each individual as-
certain d as aforesaid, and that he cause to be paid to every
such individual, or his or her legal representative, interest
at the rate of six per cent, per annum, on such per capita,
from the said S3d day of May, 1835, to the time of the pas-
sage of this act, and continue annually thereafter said pay-
ment of interest at the rate aforesaid."
I wish to ask the attention of the Senate, and
particularly of my friend from Maryland, to this
matter, for I think we may effect a saving here.
At the time this act passed, it was supposed there
might be some six or seven hundred of these In-
dians in North Carolina who were entitled to this
j appropriation. The census roll, however, shows
some eleven or twelve hundred, and on ascertaining
this fact, it struck me that there must be some mis-
understanding or misconstruction of the law; and
with the advice of the Indian Committee, of which
my friend from Maryland is chairman, we ad-
dressed several inquiries to thedepartment,to know
what construction had been placed on the act, and
how it came that the number had swollen to such
an extent. We have not ascertained the true state
of the facts as yet, but we are satisfied that they
have reported every Indian, man, woman, and
child, no matter of what age, in the State, that
may have died previous to the year 1838, when
-this emigration took place; and that they have
computed every Indian living in the State, in order
to swell this roll to eleven or twelve hundred;
whereas a portion of them, under the treaties of
1818 and 1819, have taken up reservations in North
Carolina, have received their proportions of the
Cherokee fund, and have agreed to become citi-
zens of the State. The appropriation made on
