1850.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
947
" The committte have endeavored to present to
the Senate a comprehensive plan of adjustment,
which, removing all causes of existing excitement
and agitation, leaves none open to divide the coun-
try and disturb the general harmony. The nation
, has been greatly convulsed, not by measures of
general policy, but by questions of a sectional
character, and, therefore, more dangerous and
more to be deprecated. It wants repose. It loves
and cherishes the Union. And it is most cheering
and gratifying to witness the outbursts of deep
and abiding attachment to it which have been ex-
hibited in all parts of it, amidst all the trials
through which we have passed and are passing.
A people so patriotic as those of the United States
will rejoice m an accommodation of all troubles
and difficulties by which the safety of that Union
might have been brought into the least danger.
And, under the blessings of that Providence who,
amidst all vicissitudes, has never ceased to extend
to them His protecting care. His smiles, and His
blessings, they will continue to advance in popu-
lation, power, and prosperity, and work out tri-
umphantly the glorious problem of man's capacity
for self-government."
I do not know (said Mr. Clay) whether it will
be the pleasure of the Senate that the bills should
be read otherwise than by their titles, or that the
several amendments proposed to the fugitive bill
should be read. I hardly think it can be required.
They are stated and referred to in the report in
such a clear manner, that they can be printed with-
out being read. I think it would be trespassing
too much upon the time of the Senate to read
them; and, unless the reading lscalled for, I do not
think it desirable. 1 therefore send to the Clerk's
table the bills which have been prepared.
The first in order of the bills, &c., presented is
entitled "A bill to admit California as a State into
the Union, to establish territorial governments for
Utah and New Mexico, and making proposals to
Texas for the establishment of her western and
northern boundaiies." This bill contains, in all,
thirty-nine sections, many of them being devoted
to defining the officers, executive, legislative, and
judicial, of the respective territories, and prescrib-
ing their duties. We extract such parts as des-
ignate the several governments proposed to be
erected, with their respective boundaries, &c.
california.
"Whereas the people of California have presented
a constitution and asked admission in the Union,
which constitution was submitted to Congress by
the President of the United States, by message,
dated February thirteenth, eighteen hundred and
fifty, and which, on due examination, is found to
be republican in its form of government:
Be it enacted, Sfc., That the State of California
shall be one, and is hereby declared to be one, of
the United States of America, and admitted into
the Union on an equal footing with the original
States in all respects whatever.
Sec. 2. And be it further enacted. That until the
representatives in Congress shall be apportioned
according to an actual enumeration of the inhabit-
ants of the United States, the State of California
shall be entitled to two representatives in Con-
gress.
Sec. 3. And be it further enacted, That the said
State of California is admitted into the Union upon
the express condition that the people of said State,
through their legislature or otherwise, shall never
inteifere with the primary disposal of the public
lands within its limits, and shall pass no law and
do no act whereby the title of the United States to,
and right to dispose of, the same shall be impaired
or questioned; and that they shall never lay any
tax or assessment of any description whatsoever
upon the public domain of the United States; and
in no case shall non-resident proprietors, who are
citizens of the United States, be taxed higher than
residents; and that all the navigable waters within
the said State shall be common highways, and for-
ever free, as well to the inhabitants of said State as to
the citizens of the United States, without any tax,
impost, or duty therefor: Provided, That nothing
herein contained shall be construed as recognizing
or rejecting the propositions tendered by the peo-
ple of California as articles of compact in the ordi-
nance adopted by the convention which formed
the constitution of that State.
Sec. 4. And be it further enacted^ That all laws
of the United States which are not locally inappli-
cable, shall have the same force and effect within*
the said State of California as elsewhere within the
United States.
the territory of utah.
Sec. 5. And be it further enacted, That all that
part of the territory of the United States included
within the following limits, to wit, bounded on the
west by the State of California, on the north by
the Territory of Oregon, and on the east and south
by the dividing ridge which separates the waters
flowing into the great basin from those flowing into
the Colorado river and thegulf of California, be,
and the same is hereby, created into a temporary
government, by the name of the territory of Utah :
Provided, That nothing in this act contained shall
be construed to inhibit the Government of the
United States from dividing said territory into two
or more territories, in such manner and at such
times as Congress shall deem convenient and
proper, or from attaching any portion of said terri-
tory to any other State or territory of the United
States. * * * *
Sec. 9- And be it further enacted, That every
free white male inhabitant above the age of
twenty-one years, who shall have been a resident
of said territory at the time of the passage of this
act, shall be entitled to vote at the first election,
and shall be eligible to any office within the said
territory; but the qualifications of voters and of
holding office, atall subsequent elections, shall be
such as shall be prescribed by the Legislative As-
sembly: Provided, That the right of suffrage and
of holding office shall be exercised only bycitizens
of the United States, including those recognized as
citizens by the treaty with the Republic of Mex-
ico, concluded February second, eighteen hundred
and forty-eight.
Sec. 10. And be it further enacted, That the le-
gislative power of the territory shall extend to all
rightful subjects of legislation, consistent with the
Constitution of the United States and the pro-
visions of this act; but no law shall be passed in-
terfering with tl*e primary disposal of the soil, nor
in respect to African slavery; no tax shall be im-
posed upon the property of the United States, nor
■shall the lands or other property of non-residents
be taxed higher than the lands or other property
of residents. Ail the laws passed by the Legisla-
tive Assembly and Governor shall be submitted
to the Congress of the United States, and, if dis-
approved, shall be null and of no effect. * *
Sec. 21. And be it further enacted, That all laws
of the United States, which are not locally inap-
plicable, shall have the same force and effect within
the said territory of Utah as elsewhere within the
United States.
territory of new mexico.
Sec. 22. And be it further enacted, That all that
portion of the territory of the United States ac-
quired from Mexico by the treaty concluded Feb-
ruary second, one thousand eight hundred and
forty-eight, and not included wuhin the limits of
the State of California, nor within the limits of the
Territory of Utah as prescribed in this act, be and
the same is hereby erected into a temporary gov-
ernment by the name of the Territory of New
Mexico: Provided, That nothing in this act con-
tained shall be construed to inhibit the Govern-
ment of the United States from dividing said Ter-
ritory into two or more Territories, in such manner
and at such times as Congress shall deem conve-
nient and proper, or from attaching any portion
thereof to any other Territory or State. * * *
Sec. 26. And be it further enacted, That every
free white male inhabitant above the age of twen-
ty-one years, who shall have been a resident of
said Territory at the time of the passage of this
act, shall be entitled to vote at the first election,
and shall be eligible to any office within the said
Territory; but the qualifications of voters and of
holding office at all subsequent elections, shall be
such as shall be prescribed by the Legislative As-
sembly: Provided, That the right of suffrage and
of holding office shall be exercised only by citi-
zens of the United States, including those recog-
nized as citizens by the treaty with the Republic
of Mexico concluded February second, eighteen
hundred and forty-eight.
Sec. 27. And be it further enacted, That the le-
gislative power of the Territory shall extend to all
rightful subjects of legislation, consistent with the
Constitution of the United States and the provis-
ions of this act; but no law shall be passed inter-
fering with the primary disposal of the soil, nor
in respect to African slavery; no tax shall be im-
posed upon the property of the United States; nor
shall the lands or other property of non-residents
be taxed higher than the lands or other property
of residents. All the laws passed by the Legisla-
tive Assembly and Governor shall be submitted to
the Congress of the United States, and if disap-
proved shall be null and of no effect. * # * *
Sec. 38. And be it further enacted, That all laws
of the United States which are not locally inappli-
cable shall have the same force and effect within
the sai4 Territory of New Mexico as elsewhere
within the United States.
proposition" to texas.
Sec. 39. And be it further enacted, That the fol-
lowing propositions shall be and are hereby offered
to the State of Texas, which, being agreed to by
the said State in an act passed by the General
Assembly thereof, within months from the
day of the passage of this act, shall be binding
and obligatory on the United States:
First. The northern boundary of said State shall
be as follows: Beginning at the point on the Rio
del Norte commonly called El Paso, and running
up that river twenty miles, measured by a straight
line thereon, and thence eastwardly to a point
where the hundredth degree of west longitude
crosses Red river, being the southwest angle in
the line designated between the United States and
Mexico, and the same angle in the line of the ter-
ritory set apart for the Indians by the United
States.
Second. The United States cede to the State of
Texas all right, claim, and title which they have
to any territory lying south of the line aforesaid;
and the said State of Texa^ cedes to the United
States any right, claim, and title which it has to
any territory lying north of the s.nd line.
Third. The State of Texas relinquishes to the
United States all claim upon them for liability for
any portion of the debts of Texas, and for com-
pensation and indemnity for the surrender to the
United States of her ships, forts, arsenals, custom-
houses, revenue derived from foreign imports,
arms and munitions of war, and public buildings,
with their sites, which became the property of the
United States at the time of the annexation of
Texas.
Fourth. The United States, in consideration of
the three preceding articles, and considering that
to a portion of the creditors of Texas were pledged
the duties on foreign imports receivable in her
ports, as a security for the reimbursement of the
lo^ns and advances which they made to the said
State, and that the said duties, since the annexa-
tion of the said State to the United States, have
been leoeived, and are receivable by them, will pay
to the State of Texas the sum of dollars, in
a stock bearing five per cent, interest, payable half-
yearly at the Treasury of the United States, the
principal to be redeemable at the end of fourteen
years; which said stock shall be first applied to the
extinction of any debt for which the duties on im-
ports were pledged as aforesaid, and the residue
thereof in such manner as the said State may di-
rect: Provided, That nothing herein contained is to
be construed to imply or admit the liability of the
United States for any portion of the public debt of
Texas.
Fifth. Immediately after the President of the
United S'ates shall have officially received an au-
thentic copy of the act of the General Assembly
of Texas accepting these propositions, he .shall
cause the stock aforesaid to be issued and delivered
to the lawful a^ent of the State of Texas, as pro-
vided for in the fourth article aforesaid: and this
compact shall be binding and obligatory on the
United States and the said State of Texas.
S'ulh. if the said State of Texas shall refuse
or decline to acccde to the preceding articles, they
shall become null and void, and the United States
shall be remitted back to all their territoiial rights,
in the same state and condition as if these articles
of compact had never been tendered to the accept-
ance of the State of Texas.
fugitive slaves.
Sec. •—. And be it further enacted, That when
any person held to service or laoor in any State
or Territory, or in the District of Columbia, under
the laws thereof, shall escape therefrom, the party
to whom such service or labor shall be due, Ins,
her, or their agent, attorney, guardian, or trustee,
may apply to any court of record therein, and
