2042
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
Sept. 27,
proved of it. Under that state of the case, I ask
the Senate to allow this claim. 1 admit it is out
of place in this bill; but, a precedent having been
set by a previous appropriation for a private claim,
I think this is as meritorious a claim as any that
can be offered.
The question beinsf again taken, the amendment
was adopted—22 voting in the affirmative.
Mr. SEBASTIAN. I desire to offer again the
amendment, which 1 offered in committee, in rela-
tion to the Cherokees:
" To the Cherokee nation, including those Cherokees
still residing east of the Mississippi river, to be distributed
per capita, according to the respective rights, and in fall of
ail claims under the treaty of 1835, and the supplemental ar-
ticles of , 1833, according to the principles established,
and in pursuance of the'stipulations embraced m the third
and ninth articles of the treaty of 5ih August, 1846, as stated
in the repoit of the accounting officer ot the Treasury, un-
der joint resolution of Congress of 7th August, 1848, the bum
of $724,603 37.
" For the additional amount for expenses paid for subsist-
ence, and improperly charged to the treaty fund, according
to the award of the Senate of 5th of September, 1850, under
the provisions of the eleventh article of the treaiy of 6th
day of August, 1846, $189,422 7G; and that interest be paid
on the same ai the rate of five percent, per annum, accord-
ing to a resolution of the Senate of 5tti September, 1850.
<• To the ' Old eSettlers' or4 Western Cherokees,' m full of
all demands under tn« provisions of the treaty of 6th August,
1846, according to the principles established in the fourth ar-
ticle thereof, $53^.896 30,
" And be it enacted, i^c., That interest be allowed and paid
upon the above sums due respectively to the Cherokees
and 1 Old Settlers',' in pursuauce ot the above-mentioned
award of the Senate, under the reference contained in the
said eleventh article of the treaty ot 6ih August, 1840."
I offer this amendment not with the intention of
arguing it, but simply to bring to the notice of the
Senate the language of certain articles of the treaty
with the Cherokees. 1 beg, therefore, the atten-
tion of Senators to the third and ninth articles of
that treaty, in order to ascertain that what i have
asserted is the fact, and to show that several Sen-
ators have been under a misapprehension in regard
to this case:
" Art. 3. Whereas certain claims have been allowed by
the several boards ot commissioners heretofore appointed
under the treaty of 1835, tor rents under the name of im-
provements and spoliations, and for property of which the
Indians were dispossessed, provided for under the 10th ar-
ticle of the treaty of 1835; and whereas the said claims have
been paid out of the $5,000,000 fund; and whereas said
cjaims were not justly chargeable to that fund, hut were to
be paid by the United Stales, the said United States agree
to reimburse the said fund the amount thus charged to
said fund, anri-the same shall (orrri a part ot the aggregate
amount to be distributed to the Cherokee people,as provided
in the ninth artice of this treaty; and whereas a further
amount has been allowed for reservations under the provis-
ions of the thirteenth article of the treaty ot 1835 by said
commissioners, and has bf'en paid out of the said fund,
and which said * ums were properly chargeable to and
should have been paid by the United States, the said United
States further agree to reimburse the amounts thus paid for
reservations to said fund; and whereas the expenses of
making the treaty or New Eehoia were also paid out of said
fund, when they should have been borne by the United
States, the United States agree to reimburse the same, and
al?o, to reimburse all other sums paid to any agent of the
Government, and impioperly ehaiged to said fund; and the
same also shall form a part of the aggregate amount to be
distributed to th^ Cherokee people, as provided in the ninth
article of this treatv."
uArt. 9. The United States agree to make a fair and
just settlement ot ali moneys due to the Cherokees, and sub-
ject to the per capita division under the treaty ot 29th De-
cember, 1835; which said settlement shall exhibit all money
properly expended under s-aid treaty, and shall embrace ah
sums paid for improvements, terries, spoliations, removal,
and subsistence, and commutation therefor, debts arid
claims upon the Cherokee nation of Indians, for the addi-
tional quantity of land ceded to said nation; and the several
sums provided m the several articles of the treaty to be in-
vested as the general funds of the nation, and also all sums
which may be hereafter properly allowed and paid under
the provisions of the treaty ot 1835 : the aggregate of which
said several sums shall be deducted from the sum of
$6,647,0S7; and the balance thus lound to be due shall
be paid over per capita in equal amounts to-all those indi-
viduals, heads of families, or their legal representatives,
entitled to teceive the same under the treaty of 1835, and
the supplement of lc36—being all those Lherokees residing
ast at the date ot  <ud ueaty, and the supplement thertto."
When theSenator from Maryland [Mr.PEARCE]
was last addressing- the Senate, there was an inti-
mation conveyed in his remarks which would
seem to throw a doubt upon this claim in the man-
ner in which it was presented. Now, the reason
why .this treaty was not laid before the Finance
Committee of the House was this: that inasmuch
as the question of subsistence was referred by the
treaty to the Senate, it was considered important
that the Senate should decide the whole matter at
once. That could not be done by taking it up by
piecemeal in the different Houses of Congress. In
the next place, the committee thought proper to
bring it all at once here. 1 brought the appropriate
question before the Senate in time to have it pre-
sented hereupon the bill; and if the Senate have
not availed themselves of tjje opportunity of un-
derstanding it, I am certain that it is no fault of the
committee. The report has been lying upon theu
tables of Senators for four or five weeks past. '
The Committee on Finance have not been enabled
to investigate this matter, it has been said. Now,
I am certain that those w'ho urge this objection
will do me the justice to say, 1 have not failed to
press this matter even importunately upon them
for examination, and the only reason they have
not examined it w s for want of time. The Com-
mittee on Indian Affairs have given this matter as
careful an examination as any other committee
could give.
Then, another objection which is urged is, that
it was not recommended by the departments. In
answer to that,'I would say that tnis matter was
always estimated by the departments, until Con-
gress, by a joint resolution, took it out of the
hands t>f the Commissioner of Indian Affairs, and
referred it to the Auditor and Comptroller. The
report of these officers was made, I see, in January,
after the estimates came in from the departmeuts.
Now, if these officers, whose business it was to
make these estimates, did so in January last, that
is the reason why they were left out of the esti-
mates of the Indian Department, they having been
regularly made here before. Well, sir, in 1848
and 1849, this same subject was before the Senate,
and during the last session; but when a large
amount was recommended upon the estimate of
the Indian Department, it was unsatisfactory to
the other House, and they rejected the resolution
in which the Auditor and comptroller reported
this amount; so that they have obviated the very
difficulty which obviated these appropriations here-
tofore—the want of a perfect understanding for a
fair settlement of the claims of the Cherokees un-
der this appropriation. And now, at this late mo-
ment, when we have waited for four years for a
settlement of this treaty, the same objection is
made which has defeated the appropriation twic&
before, that we have not got a final settlement, and
Senators do not understand it. I now ask Sena-
tors whether they think they will understand this
subject in future any better than they do now?
Do'Senators wish to go behind and investigate the
report which was made out at a cost of twelve
months' labor of the Auditor's and Comptroller's
offices ? I apprehend not. As to the size of the
amount, it does seem strange to me—after we have
made treaties—to avail ourselves of our own delin-
quencies. I ask the Senator from Maryland if it
is possible that this amount will grow any
smaller? Is it possible that the Treasury of the
United States will be fuller at the next session of
Congress, or that the Senate will better under-
stand the matter? I can see nothing practicable
that can be gained by the delay, for we will never
understand it better than we do now. If I could
see any practical good to be obtained by it, 1 would
consent to postpone it. But none can be obtained.
As to the magnitude, that is one objection which
can at all times be urged against it. It is in conse-
quence of permitting the treaty of 1835 to remain
unfulfilled. If there was a prospect of the Treas-
ury being more full at the next session of Con-
gress, then there would be force in the objections.
As it is, there is none; \v e have adopted an amend-
ment fulfilling one article of the treaty, and re-
fused to fulfill the other. The consequence is, we
deprive this amendment of what I consider a very
important object—that of finally settling this busi-
ness and deciding the claim. 1 appeal to the Sen-
ate to adopt this amendment, for I see no earthly
object to be attained by postponing it.
Mr. MANGUM. I voted upon this occasioif
this morning under a misapprehension. There
was originally an error in the construction of one
of the articles of the treaty. This spoliation upon
the Indian fund should have been paid out of the
Treasury of the United States. _ I think no great
objection can be urged against this, as it is the sum
fixed by the officers to whom it referred under
the authority of Congress. I have had some
knowledge of this thing in the Judiciary Com-
mittee for some months, where I sat nearly as
much as in the one of which I am a member, and
it has undergone a very thorough examination
upon the pare of that committee, I admit there is
great weight in the objection urged by theSenator
from Maryland as to tacking on matters of this
kind to bills of this sort. I shall, therefore, to
obviate that objection, if 1 live to makemy appear-
ance here at another session, endeavor to have a
rule adopted which will" make every amendment
to a regular appropriation bill out of order, unless
submitted to the Committee on Finance in reason-
able time to allow them to examine it. However*
I shall, upon this occasion, vote for this amend-
ment, as I think it is of a class that we cannot well,
in good faith, svade.
The question being taken upon the amendment,
upon division there were 18 ayes; but before the
negative vote was taken
Mr. HUNTER called for the yeas and nay3j
which were ordered.
Mr. RUSK. I desire to say a word or two
upon this subject. This matter has been investi-
gated at the cost of great labor and difficulty. *It
has been investigated by the accounting officers
of the Treasury, and the amount which is here
suggested has been found to be due. It is not a
question with the Senate, I should think, as to the
amount, if they find the indebtedness to extend to
that amount. This is not a matter for their con-
sideration; and if economy in curtailing accounts
is proper, the Senate had better vote this sum. I
happen to be one of the Committee on Indian Af-
fairs, who believe that the Indians are entitled to
a still larger amount than the accounting officers of
the Treasury have given to them, it has been
after considerable investigation, and I think after
having mastered all the facts, that I have come to
that conclusion. Then, sir, you have stipulated
to make out this account, and when you have done
it fairly, under the 9th article of the treaty, you
are to pay it. The account has been made out.
The question of interest, as well as some other
matters submitted to the Senate, as the arbitrator
between the Government of the United States and
the Cherokee nation, has been put aside. The
Senate must, among other decisions, decide that
for the amount unpaid they are to receive interest;
and the only question which remains, according
to my conception—for I cannot conceive that the
United States will refuse to pay the debt because
it is large—the only question is, whether we will
maKe the appropriation now, and thus save the
interest; or will they consent to have it a matter of
trouble longer before Congress, and be paying the
interest all the time?
Mr. EWING. I do not think it makes any dif-
ference whether the sum be large or small. If we
are bound to pay it, we ought to do so. Eor one, I
think that it is not necessary, after a claim has been
examined by a committee—for instance, an Indian
claim by the Committee on Indian Affairs—and
they have reported upon it to the Senate, that the
same examination should then be made by the
Committee on Finance. If they are to examine
this case, they must examine also all the cases ex-
amined and passed upon by the Committee of
Claims; and it will become necessary, as the labors
of the other committees amount to nothing; to have
no other committee than the Committee on Fi-
nance. 1 therefore will not the less vote for this
claim because it has not been reexamined by the
Committee on Finance. Neither can the Senators
examine this claim in the Senate, while the discus-
sion is going on about allowing it. I understand
from the Senator from Arkansas—a most industri-
ous and laborious man—that he has spent months
upon this case. Now, how can we ever expect to
examine it in the Senate ^ and decide whether it is
a good claim or not ? It is wholly out of the ques-
. tion. We must rely upofi our committees. I place
my vote entirely upon the report of the committee,
\\ and nothing else. I vole for it simply because the
|! committee have reported in its favor; and although
t| the sum is very large, we aie bound by the treaty
j to pay it; and therefore I would pay it to the In-
' dians as soon as I would pay it to a foreign nation.
■i Mr. DAYTON. I am very happy indeed to
j hear the remarks of the Senator from ^ Ohio. I
t agree with him entirely, and say that, whether the
! sum be $1, or $1,000,000, or $5,000,000, it cer-
1 tainly does not affect the question in the slightest
' degree. It is a mere question of right and wrong,
i whether the money is or is not due from this Gov-
| ernment to these Indians. And permit me to say
I that I would vote for an appropriation to pay it to
; these Indians, if anything, a little quicker than to
(j a foreign nation, if a distinction were to be made
} at all. Now, sir, I hear no gentleman upon this
11 floor oppose the righteousness of this claim; but,
II so far as I have heard the merits of it,, they seem
