1850.
THE CONCESSIONAL ©LOBE.
2043
to admit that the statements made by the Senator
from Arkansas, and other members of the Commit-
tee on Indian Affairs, show that the merits of_the
claim are as clear as a sunbeam. It is complex, it
is said, and it has been referred to the proper ac-
counting officers of the Treasury; and these offi-
cers, after an en-tire review of the whole matter,Jiave
repotted the sum due back to the Senate; and now
the question is whether we shall pay the Bum re-
ported by our own accounting officers. It is said
that the Committee on Finance have not examined
it. Why, the report has been on our table for some
six weeks, spreading the whole thing before Con-
gress. The committee specially charged with this
subject have had time, and have looked into it. I
am prepared to rest my vote upon their report
and the report of the accounting officers of the
Treasury.
Mr. UNDERWOOD. According to the theory
of our rules, it is the duty of our Finance Com-
mittee to take charge of our general appropriation
bills, and make appropriations for subjects pro-
vided for by law. If new subjects of appropria-
tion are found, then they are to be brought before
the Senate, and their action- obtained upon them
beforehand. Now, it is impossible for the Finance
Committee to attend, not only to their own duties,
and attend to appropriations for which there are
existing laws, but also to look up the report of
every other committee, in order to see what they
are going to bring forward to add to these appro-
priation bills. We cannot legislate consistently,
economically, and properly, unless we attend to
this theory of business. Let these other commit-
tees come forward and push their business, and
claim the attention of the Senate to them by them-
selves. Why, sir, 1 have been willing, at any
time, to give a portion of the time of the Senate
to this Indian Committee, or any other committee
who have subjects to submit, and for which they
have bills. It will be much more proper that
claims as large as this should be examined by the
Senate as a separate subject. The Committee on
Indian Affairs are as much entitled to our confi-
dence as any committee; but would we act upon
claims as large as this, reported by any commit-
tee, without examining for ourselves? The Sen-
ator from New Jersey says he has heard no one
who has not admitted the justice of this claim.
Sir, I have neither admitted nor denied it. I am
willing, if, after we have had time to examine it, it
shall turn out to be due to them, then to vote to
pay it to them. But 1 am unwilling, without ex-
amination, upon the recommendation of a com-
mittee, to add this to one of the appropriation bills.
That is no place for it. If we encourage this sys-
tem of legislation by Congress, if committees find
that they can put them upon appropriation bills,
why, it would be much less trouble to offer amend-
ments than to bring them forward as separate sub-
jects that must be passed upon by themselves;
why, they would come here and have it all in their
own hands. It would be, m fact, permitting each
committee to pass any appropriation which it
should choose to recommend. Why, sir, who is
or can be prepared, on any one committee, to get
the claims that may be presented from every other
committee in th? House? And there is no com-
mittee which cannot thus ingraft its own subjects
and recommendations upon some one of the gen-
eral appropriation bills. It seems to me thai we
ought to take a stand upon this matter; and my
word for it, when it is once done, we will find that
these committees will claim their share of the time
of the House, and have their measures decided
upon as separate measures, and then they will be
properly decided upon. I am not undertaking to
say whether this claim is just or unjust; I neither
admit nor deny it. This is no place for it at this
period of the session. Have we time to examine
it when the Committee on Finance have not done
go? This report was made four or five weeks ago,
it is said. Why, sir, every committee have been
making reports, and vast amounts of them. Could
we go over the files for the purpose of searching
up every report on every case which would be
likely to be added or offered to this appropriation
bill? By no means. We could not do it. I be-
lieve we have done our duty in examining thdse
matters of appropriation which are provided for
by Congress, and in resisting the introduction of
others which have not been so provided for. It is
for the Senate, however, to determine, and we
must submit to their decision.
Mr.-BERRIEN. Our experience at the close
of each successive session tends to show to us the
embarrassments under which we are now labor-
ing. I have no doubt of the correctness of the
suggestion of the Senator from Virginia, [Mr.
Hunter,] if the principles for which he would
contend were carried into effect by the adoption of
a rule which would be obligatory upon the Senate.
What I object to is the application of that princi-
ple to successive amendments which are proposed
to these bills, against some of which it prevails,
while in relation to others it falls. We have no
uniform mode of legislating upon these subjects.
I protest, therefore, against the imperative appli-
cation of that principle against a claim which has
been deliberately investigated by a committee of
this Senate, and whose report has been published
—which report, I venture to say, no Senator can
read attentively without having his conviction in
perfect accordance with that of the committee by
whom the report has been made. Sir, we are told
that this matter is presented to us in a hurried
manner; thattheCommitteeon Finance have had no
opportunity of examining it, as it was their duty,
if such opportunity had been afforded them to
look into the merits of this claim; that if they had
made a report to the Senate of the United States,
the Senate of the United States would have been
able to consider it justly. 1 have great respect for
the Committee on Finance, but I have an equal
respect for the Committee on. Indian Affairs in re-
gard to questions of this sort, connected with their
peculiar duties. I choose in this case to look for
information to that source rather than to the other.
I have not yet heard an intimation that there is
any ground of real objection to' this claim. The
objection to allowing it is, that time has not been
afforded for the purpose of ascertaining whether
by any possibility there can be found such objec-
tions. Now, after the deliberate investigation
which has been made by the Committee on" Indian
Affairs—after having read that report myself some
days since, and acquiescing in the correctness of
its statements and its conclusions—I am unwilling
that a principle shall be applied to this case which
is not applied indiscriminately to every other case.
I w(ill be content at the commencement of the next
session of Congress to see incorporated upon our
rules one which will forbid occurrences of this sort.
But in the absence of any such rule, with a differ-
ent legislative course upon this class of subjects, I
protest against the applifcation of that principle to
a claim which in my judgment stands so undis-
puted in its merits as this claim does, merely be-
cause of its magnitude.
Mr. RUSK. The Senator from Virginia rather
begs the question, and places these two commit-
tees in opposition to each other, as if this claim
was solely recommended by the Indian Committee.
He states that the Committee on Finance are to
report appropriations necessary to meet existing
laws. Well, sir, here is an existing law—this
treaty between the Government of the United States
and the Cherokee nation. According to my nund,
there is no doubt of that. The ninth article of the
treaty, which has been read, declares that certain
sums, after the accounts shall have been properly
Stated, shall be paid to this nation. N-iw, when
you come to make up the account, you would
naturally go to the accounting officers of the Treas-
ury to ascertain the amount. Well, sir, the ac-
counting officers of the Treasury have ascertained
this sum, which has been subjected to their inves-
tigation, guided by this article of the treaty; and
if it came here with no stronger authoiity than
this fact, that would be sufficiently strong to my
jrcind to induce me to favor its inclusion in this ap-
propriation bill. But, more than that, you have
not only the obligation to pay the money contained
in the treaty, but you have the information from
the accounting officers of the Treasury as to what
that amount ii which you are bound to pay. Then
you have a long and labored investigation by th-e
Committee on Indian Affairs, with their unani-
mous concurrence in the justice of this claim.
Now, sir, that is just the state of the question. It
is not bringing up the mere report of the commit-
tee, asking it to be endorsed by the Finance Com-
mittee, but it is for the payment of money due by
]aw—because the treaty between the United States
and the Cherokee nation is law.
} Mr. DICKINSON. Any money due justly upon
I a claim is money due by law, whether it is under
i a treaty or for any other service rendered. The
position of my colleague upon the Finance Com-
mittee', the Senator from Virginia, was, not that
the Committee on Indian Affairs were inferior in
point of position, or that their reports were enti-
tled to less consideration in their proper place; but
he contended that they were out of place here, and
I think his distinction was a sound one. So with
the Committee of Claims. They may say, with
great propriety," We are entitled to respect." We
have as much respect for them, too, as for any
other committee; but shall they be placed upon
the appropriation bills because they find in some
of the claims presented to them that money is act-
ually due? Not so. The position of the Senator
from Virginia was, that this was a matter which
the committee should bring before the Senate, and
have them act upon it in the usual manner. It is
not the duty of the Committee on Finance to ex-
amine this question. They are claims, in every
sense of the term, whether they arise under a
treaty, or under a particular law not within the
general scope of the operations of Government, or
whether they come from the Committee of Claims
or any other committee. The Finance Committee
has to labor on the ordinary machinery of the
Government—to make the appropriations which
are called for by the executive departments, to ex-
amine into their justice, their soundness, their
propriety, and to furnish the wayijand means, or
the Government could not get along.
Mr. ATCHISON. I wish to make one remark.
The Senator from Virginia complains that the
Committee on Finance had not an opportunity to
examine these and other propositions submitted to
them by the Committee on Indian Affairs.
Mr. HUNTER. The Senator from Missouri
is mistaken. I did not complain, nor have the
committee complained that they have had no time
for its examination, but that the claim was not
submitted to the Senate. What I said was, that
it was the duty of the Committee on Finance to
make appropriations for subjects already provided
for under the existing laws. 1 did not complain
of the Committee on Indian Affairs; I did not ask
that they should present their propositions to the
Committee on Finance, but to the Senate.
Mr. ATCHISON. Then the Senator from Vir-
ginia and other members of that committee com-
plained that they had had no opportunity to investi-
gate this matter; that they knew nothing about it.
I believe that is true, that they do know nothing
about it, or they would not make this opiMsition
to it. They have not examined it. WellTwhose
fault is that ? The Senator from Virginia is a Sen-
ator upon this floor, as well as a member of the
Committee on Finance. The report mads from
the Committee on Indian Affairs by the Senator
from Arkansas, has been before the Senate for
nearly two months. Then it is his fault, or rather
his misfortune, that he has not read this report,
and examined this matter.
But, Mr. President, 1 rose for this purpose: to
say that I did request the chairman of thp Com-
mittee on Finance, for myself and other members
of our committee, that they would permit us to
lay this, among other propositions, before them,
and give us an opportunity to explain it to them,
that we might have their approbation and their
concurrence, for the purpose of saving the time of
the Senate under the circumstances. It was prom-
ised. The chairman of the Committee on Finance
told me that the Senator from Vermont [Mr.
Phelps] had this bill in his charge, and subse-
quently that the Senator from Maryland [Mr.
Peaece] had the bill in his charge. I went to
their committee room, and inquired of them when
it would be convenient to have a conference with
the Committee on Indian Affairs. It is true that
I have the utmost confidence in the ability of that
committee and in their courtesy also. But, al-
though they promised me an interview, the time
never arrived when they could have it; and now
they state, for an objection, that they have not
had an opportunity to examine this matter.
Mr. DICKINSON. I wish to say a few words
with regard to this conference with the committee.
This bill came to us while we had the civil and dip-
lomatic bill under our consideration, which bill
it was a great work to master and understand. It
required the attention of a majoiity of the com-
mittee. The Indian bill was putin charge of the
Senator from Vermont, [Mr. Phelps,] he having
formerly been a member of the Indian Committee.
He retained it in his hands a few days, but
