1850.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
949
fudgmentof the propriety of the measure, if the
subject had been permitted to rest, instead of being
introduced into the discussion, as a new topic of
discussion and controversy. I would have said in I
regard to it, Sufficient unto the day is the evil I
thereof.'* |
With this explanation, Mr. President—an ex-
submitted a report which should have embodied
the points upon which it was my misfortune to
differ from the majority of the committee which
has just reported. I do differ in some material
respect from the majority. 1 cannot concur in all
the provisions of all the bills which have been re-
ported, as embracing subjects intrusted to the
planation which I would not deem it proper to i! charge of the committee. Nor have I been able to
make, if I were able to go into it more particu-
larly—I have only to add, that should my own
•opinion be deemed of any importance to anybody,
when a future opportunity shall be afforded, and
when these several measures shall come up for
discussion, I may deem it my duty to express
them more at large.
Mr. CLAY, i have been a little anticipated.
I had intended to offer a very few remarks on this
agree with all the statements and reasonings of the
i report which accompanies these bills. I shall not
| now, sir, particularize the points of difference be-
S tween myself and the majority of the committee.
] When the subject shall comc up for discussion, I
j may feel called upon to do so. X will remark that
' 1 concur in the views last expressed by the Sena-
j tor from Vermont, [Mr. Phelps,] that, although
the reasoning of the report on the subject of the
ubject. 1 do not know but that the Senate ex- '! resolution by which Texas was annexed to thi3
pected some oral exposition of the proceedings of ,
the committee. I intended to have said tfiat I j
should forbear at present, and make no additional i
exposition before the Senate except that contained
in the report, which is very explicit, 1 deem it
due, however, to the committee and to my own
feelings, to express the sentiment that I have never
been associated with gentlemen on any great and
eiomentous occasion in which a spirit of more
kindness, more conciliation, and more of a disposi-
tion to listen and to give effect, as far as possible,
to any opinions entertained by the members of the
committee, though not entertained by all of them,
than was presented during the whole ofour session.
Though on a few subjects there was a diversity
of opinion, and although members holding diverse
opinions maintained their own views of what they
thought public policy required, especially in the
quarters from whence they came, it was always
done in the spirit of conciliation and kindness.
On the occasion of taking up the bill providing
territorial governments for Utah and New Mexi-
co, I will, if it is found necessary, endeavor to vin-
dicate the course which the committee pursued,
and make any explanation or any exposition the
occasion may require. That is all I entend to say
at the present time.
Mr. MASON. Mr. President, I rise to make a
few remarks upon the subject of the report just
presented by the distinguished chairman of the
country is mainly satisfactory to me, yet, like him
i desire to reserve my judgment on that part of
the questions referred. 1 may say that I have in
the mam concurred in the recommendation of the
report and in its provisions, and i regret that I
was not able to do so entirely. 1 trust 1 need not
say that every member of that committee seemed
to be animated by a desire to do everything that
was in his power, consistently with his own opin-
ions of what his duties enjoined, to settle the ex-
isting difficulties, to allay the discord which has
distracted the country, and to diffuse the senti-
ment that we are one people, and, although sepa-
rated by State lines, that we have a common
origin, and are looking to a common and a glori-
ous future.
Mr. DOWNS. I do not wish to enter into any
discussion of this subject at this time; but inas-
much as there are several provisions in the bills
attached to that report which I have opposed very
strenously heretofore, and although I have always
acted with a spirit of compromise, yet there are
some opinions advanced in that report which i feel
bound still to oppose. I shall not, however, enter
into them now. The objections which I have
heretofore urged to the admission of California,
with her present boundanes, are so strong and de-
cided in their natuie, that although 1 have a sin-
cere desire to concur with the committee on this
subject, yet I am compelled to say that these ob
   .... _  . I! ^ .  
committee. The honorable gentleman has dotie ; i jections are stiU not removed. There is another
no more than justice—full and proper justice to
every member of it—certainly so far as I am in-
formed. I went into that committee, sir, with
the earnest hope that it was in the power of the
committee to recommend such an adjustment of
the gieat questions committed to them as would
be satisfactory to the States. INone can regret
more deeply than I do that their counsels aid not
so result. I need not say to you, sir, or to Sen-
ators around me, that the subject committed to
them was environed with difficulties; but f fear, so
far as I am informed of what is expected of the
Representatives of the southern States upon this
question, that those difficulties, by the report sub-
mitted, have not been removed. The language of
the report, Mr. President, shows that, excepting
a single one of the subjects considered by them,
there was not unanimity. That one was the con-
struction of the compact under which the State of
Texas was annexed, it was my misfortune not
to be in the majority who made this report, or
that has recommended the measures to he adopted.
I do not mean to go into that now, sir. It may
become my duty to do so in the deliberations of
the Senate, when they shall take up the various
modifications which these measures are to undergo,
important point connected with this subject upon
which I advanced an opinion, and which I have
seen no reason to change, and which I think
is a serious objection to the bill and the report
upon that subject. X concur mainly in the provis-
ions fixing the boundaries between Texas and
New Mexico as a fair compromise; yet 1 thought
that, inasmuch as the territory embraced in that
compromise had had its character fixed by a
former compromise—the compromise of annexa-
tion—it ought to have been reserved in the same
state as to slavery as that compromise left it. Per-
haps it is so. 1 do not say it is not by the manner
m which this bill is presented.
The PRESIDING- OFFICER. It is not in or-
der to discuss the merits of the bill on the motion
to print.
Mr. DOWNS. I have no disposition to discuss
the merits of the bill at this time. X wish merely
to mention this subject in order to prevent the
conclusion that might have been drawn from my
silence, that inasmuch as there was no minority
report, 1 had agieed with the whole report. With
most of the provisions recommended by the com-
mittee I do agree, and I am soiry that 1 cannot
agree with all. I have devoted my mind seriously
if it shall then be found that we can fix upon some j to their consideration, but 1 cannot concur in all
plan satisfactory to the country. I desire only to 1 — 1 1 1 *u —
state, because of the gravity and importance of
the question to be considered, humble as I am
upon this floor, but representing one of the States
most deeply interested in the question involved,
that I do not constitute one of the majority of the
committee. I deeply and earnestly regret it, sir,
that I could not either concur in the measures
recommended by the committee—at least those
measures which were of the chief importance—and
of them. I have always been in favor of this
compromise committee; I have always hoped that
a satisfactory settlement of these questions) might
: result fiom the laborof the committee. 1 yet hope
! so. But I must confess that my hopes are less
: sanguine than they were. X cannot agree with all
I the plan of the committee as it now stands. How*
I ever, I shall continue in this business as I com-
\ menced, with a sincere desire that a settlement,
satisfactoiy to all sections of the Union, may be
that I could not recommend any conclusion at- j1 made. I hope it will still be arrived at. Whether
tained by the committee, or the reasons which led j' it shall be or not, my course must be, as it has
them to it. I do not mean to detain the Senate. \l been heretofore, guided by a desire for a final and
I wish merely to put myself right in relation to (! satisfactory settlement of the question. I merely
the measures proposed. i; wish that it should be understood how the corn-
Mr. COOPER. Mr. President, I shall not de- j' mittee stood m this matter. And as the report and
tain the Senate but a minute m the remarks I have j| bills would go out without any such information,
at present to make, it was my design to have || i have deemed it my duty to make this explanation.
Mr. BERRIEN, i do not propose, Mr. Presi-
dent, to enter into any discussion of the merits of
the bill. But, as the report and the bills which
accompany it will go before the public, and as they
will produce, as they are calculated to produce,
very great effect upon the public mind, from the
ability with which that report is drawn, from the
interest and magnitude of the subject which it
discusses, I desire, as a member of that com-
mittee, that my position in reference to it may
be understood, by my constituents at least. It
seems to me to have been rendered more necessary
on my part by the observations which have fallen
from the honorable Senator from Vermont, [Mr.
Phelps,] in reference to the Texan boundary. It
is well known to you, sir, as it is to many of my
I associates in this Chamber, that from the earliest
' inception of the measure of Texan annexation, I
was personally opposed to it, and continued, until
the consummation of that act by the passage of
the resolution of annexation, to resist it on the
ground of its unconstitutionality. The recom-
mendation—with which X, in common with all the
other members of the committee cordially concur
—which proposes an appropriation of a certain
sum of money to Texas, in .consideration of her
circumscribing her boundary—a recommendation
which is founded on the assumption of her exist-
ence as one of the States of this Union on the
terms and conditions on which she was admitted
—seems to impose an obligation to explain that
the ground which I have assumed is precisely that
which X occupied when the resolution of annexa
| tion, after having received the assent of Texas,
i was brought back to the Senate of the United
| States. Then, sir, notwithstanding my opinion
! that the Congress of the United States in the adop-
| tion of that resolution, had transcended their con-
] stitutional power, I considered that it was my duty
[ to submit to the will of the majority, expressed in
I the form which the Constitution had prescribed
i for the expression of the legislative will. Con-
I sidering that the opinion which I personally enter-
[ tained as to the constitutionality of this measure
j had been overruled by the decision of the compe-
| tent constitutional authority of the United States,
j I acquiesced then, as I have done ever since, in the
j validity of that act; and, therefore, I have cordi-
: ally concurred in the proposition to which the re-
pmt refers—that which recognizes Texas as the
rightful proprietor of the soil which the United
States proposes to acquire from that State.
But, sir, upon other points it was not my good
fortune to concur with the majority of the com-
mittee. I hope that it is not necessary for me to
say that X am sincerely devoted to the preserva-
tion of this Union, and that I would most cheer-
fully and cordially concur, at the sacrifice of every
individual opinion which 1 ought to be required to
| yield, in any measure calculated to promote the
| peace and harmony of that Union and of the people
, of the United States. But, sir, there were meas-
| ures presented to the consideration of the com-
i mittee, some of minor and some of greater im-
i portance, upon which it was my misfortune to
! differ with the majority. I did not, however,
! consider that the differences of opinion entertained
land expressed in that committee would be con-
i elusive upon the minds of the individuals enter-
j taining them, if, after a full discussion of the
I measures recommended to the Senate, there should
j appear to be a prospect of a final adjustment of
j al! these questions which have distuibed the peace
I of the country—an adjustment not merely confined
I to this particular territory, but extending to the
1 whole subject of contioversy. Considering that
; the opinions of this committee was to be submit-
i ted to the consideration of the Senate, I felt it to
; be my duty, even upon questions which, in my
ii own view, were of comparatively minor import-
's ance, to adhere to the opinions which I entertained,
1 in the expectation that, during the progress of our
i; deliberations, an oppoitumty would be afforded
j! for such modifications as I desired to obtain.
jj I will say, then, sir, m the first place, that X
It found it impossible to acquiesce in the proposition
I; of the committee to admit California with the boun-
ji dury which she had herself prescribed. Looking
j1 at that subject entirely apait from the slavery
j} question, I thought that, as an American Senator,
|j i could not prudently and discreetly consent to
|| recommend the long line of sea-board which was
j! claimed—tojplace the whole interest of the United
|| States in the commerce which will necessarily be
