2046
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
whom, sir? Fraud against the Government from
which they were derived? Sir, it was hard for
that Government to get anybody to accept of land.
I know that when I first went to Missouri, the
people of that co.untry were often begged to accept
lands, and they would not.
Now, sir, here are the people of California, four
thousand miles from* us, no one of them on this
floor, no one of them in the other end of the Capi-
tol, no one of themselves on this ground, no agents
from them, except their Senators and Representa-
tives; and what do you suppose will be the palpi-
tations of the hearts of that people, when they
learn that the Congress of the United States is
going to apply to them the same system which
was applied to Louisiana ? I have received letters
from people of that country, and I know that some-
thing like a feeling of despair and of death must
take possession of them at the very idea that the
Government of the United States is going to put
them all to the expense and trouble of lawsuits to
establish their titles. They will regard themselves
as ruined.
Sir, all people hate lawsuits, unless it be those
who live by them. The mass of the people hate
lawsuits, and they consider everything in jeop-
ardy, and may well do so, whenever it goes into
law. And what must be the feelings of the people
there at this time when they know that the Con-
gress of the United States is to be occupied with
legislation which proposes to subject the whole of
these titles to judicial tribunals, and to establish
the principle heretofore acted on in Louisiana—a
principle on wffich land claims, after an occupa-
tion of forty-six years, were unsettled ? Our courts
are still occupied with this question, and I believe
that a bill was passed a few days ago for some-
thing like preemption rights on Baron Bastrop's
claim after an occupation of forty-six years. Sir,
when a man's home is to be held up in law and be
subject to the decisions of courts, what becomes of
cultivation and improvements in that time? Why,
sir, the man's arm ha3 no strength in it, What
becomes of the courage of his heart? It dies
away, he knows he has not a home. The coun-
try remains without improvement, without amelio-
ration. The people sink into listlessness, because
their property sinks from under them, and they
will sell out. Believing that their property is not
*so well protected as that of the American, they
will sell out for a tithe of its value, or share it with
the American. And while the Senators from Cali-
fornia have felt themselves compelled to give in to
the policy of the United States for the purpose of
bringing in this bill requiring titles to be investi-
gated by commissioners, and in some cases sub-
jecting them to the decisions of the Supreme Court,
yet they have endeavored to throw into this bill
principles that will soften the working of it, and
* make it as little injurious and d isagreeable as may be.
£ believe that the bill has had all the ameliora-
tions put into it which have been admitted in the
progress of forty-six years—everything which
Congress has granted since that time. It also
cites the decisions of the Supreme Court in cer-
tain cases, and makes those decisions applicable to
like cases in California; and it was not until the
question in relation to the rights of the people of
Missouri and Louisiana got into the Supreme '
Court that their titles were decided to be good by
the laws of the country. They were treated
worse than the people of any conquered country;
and it was not until twenty-five years afterwards
that any progress was made in the amelioration of '
the laws.
Now, the two Senators from California have
endeavored to sustain the workings of the system
in relation to their State, which the United States
have adopted in regard to other territory which
they have acquired. I abhor the system. 1 pro-
test against ruining the titles of a whole com-
munity. I protest against such a law, which as-
sumes that the titles of an entirepeople—whether ,
their territory be conquered or purchased by us— ^
are to be regarded as invalid, and which holds
them to be so until you prove them to be good in
a court. I protest against it; I shall vote against
it. I shall endeavor to save every amelioration
which the Senators from California have put into
their bill; and, besides saving these ameliorations,
I shall 'endeavor to get some others which shall
still more soften the most odious provisions which
have had an existence in the code of any conqueror
taking a country by force of arms.
Sept! 27,
The motion of the Senator from Ohio is to unfix
the settled places at which these commissioners
are to meet. Sir, the Senator from California com-
mences this system with the appointment of three
commissioners, to be appointed by the United
States—the people whose rights they are to adju-
dicate upon having no hand in their election. The
bill goes on providing that these commissioners
shall go through the heart of the country, from
place to place, so as to make it as convenient as
possible to have the people appear before them
and prove their titles. It mentions the time when
they are to be there, and the Senator from Ohio
proposes to strike that out and leave it to the
President to fix the time. Sir, why not fix it our-
selves? Is it not a subject for a legislative pro-
vision? And are we not legislators? Why not
fix it ourselves, when the country requires that it
should be fixed, and fixed by law, that those who
may be arraigned may be prepared to go to the
place at the appointed time ? There is a great de-
ception in ail this business of devolving duties
upon the President of the United States. Our
statute books are crowded with such provisions.
Now, in the first place, we all know that the
office of President of the United States never
was created for any such purpose as this. The
framers of the Constitution never made it for
any such purpose. They created the office
of President for Executive purposes—for great
national purposes—for the superintendence of
a great national system, and not for the purpose
of arranging details. And if we put the arrange-
ment of these details upon him, we deceive our-
selves; for he does not do it. He has not time to
do it, and he cannot do it; and we know how it is
obliged to be done. It is obliged to be done pre-
cisely as it was under the Spanish crown in the
time of Gil Bias. Leave out the barber, and it is
exactly-the same. A petition was presented to the
King: he iefersit to the Duke de Lermo, and the
Duke refers it to his secretary, and he refers it to
Gil Bias, and Gil Bias refers it to Scipio, and
Scipio decides it according to the fee which he gets.
Then it goes back again from Scipio to Gil Bias,
and so on, until it gets back to the King, each de-
ciding according to the amount of the fee. Well,
sir, it is precisely the same in our country, leaving
out the barber. We refer it to the President, who
cannot attend to it. He refers it again to the Sec-
retary of State, who cannot attend to it. He is
ovei whelmed with business, and gives it to his
first clerk. He has enough of business to do, and
he gives it to the next clerk; and he again till it
travels through a whole line, and the appointment
is made by some one who knows nothing about it;
and it goes back to the President and is assented j
to by him, and comes out as his decision. This
is the history of all details that are left to the decis-
ion of the President, and it is nothing but deceiving
ourselves. I am therefore against it, because it is
practicing a deception upon ourselves. lam against
leaving to the President what he cannot do—what
he ought not to do, even in a case where he can act
ad visedly, and much less in a case where the matter
is to be left to the decision of a subordinate clerk, i
am against it for all these reasons; but I am still more
against it for the sake of the people. Sir, if these
commissioners are to go through the country'for
the purpose of trying all the titles of the country,
they are to perform the duties of a court of justice,
and, like every other court of justice, they should
have a time fixed by law(of which all persons can
inform themselves, and wnere they can appear at
a known place and at a given tune estabhsned by
law.
The bill as it now stands endeavors to ameliorate ;j
the old law, and to save the people of California |i
from much inconvenience. It makes a provision ]i
for commissioners, whose decisions in favor of the ;
claimants are to be final. That principle is ob- j
jected to, and in some cases, even where that de- ;j
cision is favorable, the question is not to rest there, ij
but to be brought to tne Supreme Court of the !,'
United States. Now, the Senator from California i
[Mr. Fremont] has mentioned this mode of de- j!
ciding these land titles by. commissioners as an (!
amelioration of the old system. He tells you that
their decisions ought to be final, because the com- i|
missioners are judges appointed by the United I
States.
The PRESIDENT. The hour for the recess
has arrived.
Tha Senate took a recess.
EVENING SESSION.
The Senate resumed the consideration of the bill
to ascertain and settle the private land claims in
the State of California.
Mr. G WIN. I ask the indulgence of the Senate
that I may make a few remarks, in order to set
myself right in regard to the last bill before the
Senate to-day.
Mr. DICKINSON. I desire that he may have
the opportunity to make the remarks he indicates;
but I hope that as soon as he shall have finished
the matter will be laid over, and we shall proceed
to the appropriation bill.
The PRESIDENT. The California bill was
the unfinished business when the Senate took a re-
cess, and upon that bill the Senator from Missouri
[Mr. Benton] is entitled to the floor.
Mr. BENTON. I yield to the Senator from
California with pleasure.
Mr. GW1N. The remarks of the Senator from
Missouri make it necessary that I should address
some few remarks to the Senate. The bill that is
under consideration was introduced by my col-
league. It is his bill, and not mine. It contains his
sentiments, but does not contain mine. I have al-
ways been in favor of a board of commissioners
to settle these land claims, with a right of appeal
on an adverse decision, whether against the United
States or against the claimant, to the Supreme
Court of the United States. I am of the opinion that
this is the only plan that can be devised forlhe
settlement of these claims. Therefore the Senator
from Missouri is mistaken in saying that the bill
under consideration contains the views of the Sen-
ators from California." It contains the views of my
colleague, but not my own.
I must say a word in reference to the part that
the Senator from Ohio has taken in this discussion.
It was the anxious desire of my colleague and my-
self that there should not be the slightest collision
between us in reference to this matter. We both
had honest opinions in regard to this question.
My colleague's opinions are imbodied in this bill.
I was in favor of the plan proposed by the Sena-
tor from Ohio, that there should be a board of com-
missioners to adjudicate land claims, and from that
board of commissioners there should be an appeal
to the Supreme Court of the United States. It was
important, as I have said before—both my col-
league and myself honestly differing upon this
question—that thatdifference should not be brought
forward in the Senate if it could be avoided. And
hence, with full consultation between us, it was
proposed that the Senator from Ohio should em-
body these views, and f should not say a word
upon the subject. I am of opinion ,that the Su-
preme Court of the United States will not oppress
the landholders of California. I'do not believe ap-
peals will be taken to that tribunal on the part of the
claimant, unless there has been an evident error.
That is theopimon of the representative of the Gov-
vernment of the United States m California. I a%
perfectly confident that it i3 expected, by the great
majority of the people in California, that the Su-
preme Court of thaUnited States should be the ulti-
mate arbitrator in regard to land claims of that kind.
There are another set of persons in that country be-
sides the land claimants. It is the 100,000 Amer-
ican citizens who have no land, and to whom it is
a matter of great moment to know, and to know
speedily, what portion of the lands in California is
public domain. I am in favor of giving to these
citizens of the United States, now permanent citi-
zens of California, the right to settle and cultivate
the lands that belong to the United Slates. It is
therefore to the interest of the land owners,as well
as those who nave no land, that there should be a
speedy settlement of the question with regard to
these land claims. I am therefore in favor .of the
plan that there should be a board of commission-
ers, and that there should be the right of appeal
from that board to the Supreme Court of the Uni-
ted States for both parties.. I am perfectly confi-
dent that this system will be satisfactory to those
in California, although some of the citizens there
who own land claims may not at first be satisfied.
It will bringaboutaspeedysettlemeru. What we
want is speedy and final settlement; and nothing
could induce me to hold out to the defeat of any
measure that would bring about this end. The
Senator from Missouri, I think, is mistaken if he
supposes that ruin would fall upon the landholders
off that country by this mode of adjudication. I
think it would lead to a speedy and final settle-
