1850.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
mn
since, when the Senator from Kentucky introduced
certain resolutions here, and desired most earnestly
that they should be printed before any one of us
undertook to carp at them or to criticise them, he
was then of opinion that we should allow the
Senator from Kentucky time to have his speech
accompanying the resolutions, together with the
resolutions, printed before we undertook to de-
termine that he was wrong in any one of his po-
sitions, but that I was not. Now, sir, if my hon-
orable friend had known all the facts of the case,
he would have found that I did assent originally
to nearly all the propositions of the Senator from
Kentucky; but, theie being one or two of his prop-
ositions concerning which 1 apprehended that
silence might be regarded as assenting: to them, I
therefore, with the consent of the Senator from
Kentucky—who magnanimously relieved me from
my obligation to him—got up, and in a very brief
manner, and, as he will admit, courteously, and as
much in a spirit of kindness as I ever spoke in my
life, suggested one or two slight objections. On
that occasion, I can assure the Senator from Ala-
r bama, there was no heated declamation issuing
from my lips at all, nor did J use languarge of
harshness in reference to the distinguished Senator
from Kentuckyor his resolutions.
But, Mr. President, the Senator from Alabama
has failed to draw the distinction which I hold to
be perfectly just between the resolutions and
speech of the honorable Senator from Kentucky,
ar. that time, and this report. The resolutions
were the product of an individual member of the
Senate, and so was the speech; this report is the
report of a committee composed of thirteen dis-
tinguished" membeis of this body, to whom we
my friend from Alabama, that if the report was of
a certain character he should present no hasty or
rash opposition to it.
Mr, CLEMENS. In reply to the Senator from
Mississippi, I have only to say that I was not
aware that he desired the conversation to which
he referred to be considered as confidential, or that
he cared whether the whole world knew it or not.
Mr. FOOTE, (in his seat.) Oh no, certainly
not.
Mr. CLEMENS. Besides, it was only what,
at least, half a dozen persons had told rue previ-
ously. I referred to the conversation merely as
showing that the Senator had no reason to be sur-
prised at my acquaintance with the provisions of
the report.
Mr. FOOTE. I have not referred to the con-
versation as of a private nature; I only expressed
my mortification at its being the subject of refer-
ence at all.
Mr. YULEE. i do not rise to discuss the ar-
gument of the report of the committee, but to ex-
press my opinion of the plan they presented. I
think it is due to candor, and to the constituents
I represent, remote as they are from the place in
which I am called upon to act upon this important
subject, likely from indications to be pressed to a
decision in somewhat of hot haste, not to lose a
moment in declaring, for their information, as
well as for the information of the Senate, that the
measures of legislation proposed by the commit-
tee for the adjustment of the pending issues can-
not obtain my support or vote. The bills report-
ed are subsfantially an embodiment, in legislative
form, of the scheme presented with impressive
eloquence by the Senator from Kentucky [Mr.
have confided the performance of ^arduous duties, j Clay] in the beginning of the session. Thai
■ .^.„i, ,i _    ,i./r u_. . scf]eme hag ijeen long before the country, and
there has been full and abundant time for me and
for all others to form a judgment in respect to its
merits. My own judgment has been long de-
termined deliberately and most decidedly against
it. Sir, without trespassing now upon the Senate
with any review of its details, I will read what
seemed to me a very apt and comprehensive view
of its value, proceeding from a northern source at
the time of its first introduction to the public. It
is an editorial froma journal of remarkable and un-
usual fairness, and for the most part of liberal and
conservative tone, and which 1 believe possesses
a large influence. The commentary it makes
upon the scheme seemed to me quite just and nat
ural. Indeed, while I have wondertd that the
North had no*t at once adopted the platform of ihe
Senator from Kentucky, the very circumstance of
its republication by them has increased my alarm
at the extent which the unfriendly designs of that
section must have reached. The journal to which
1 have alluded is the Journal of Commerce, in
New York. The extract which I will read is the
judgment to which a northern mind came, and
which entirely concurred with that which 1 hud
formed. The editor says:
« We yesterday, for the flr.-t time, read Mr. Olav's speech
through, and have seldom enjojed a richer lepast."
After some compliments to the distinguished
Senator, which I will not read—for such offerings
are too frequent to be interesting to him—the ar-
ticle proceeds:
" II the South will accept compromise, the Nnrih
should not hesitate a moment. The North trains the ker-
nel, the thing sought—the exclusion of slavery Ironi the
new territoi les—and can well afford to Ittthe South have
the shell. Let u- bp liberal to the South when no bacrifiee
ot principle is involved."
Sir, I am not willing to content myself with the
" shell." I claim for my State, small as she is,
a share—though it be a small share, still a share of
the "kernel."
I can never consent to any settlement of the
matter in issue which excludes the South from a
face upon the Pacific ocean—from a part of the
coast of the Pacific—or which denies to us the
opportunity to occupy all the territory south of
the long established compromise line of 36° 3D'.
Without further extending my remarks, I will
merely say to uur northern friends in this body,
in the words of one of the wisest and chiefest of
inspired moralists—and 1 say it in a spirit of pro-
testation as well as caution—"Remove not the
ancient landmark which thy fathers have set."
Mr. BORLAND. I rise, Mr. President 
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Chair will
feel bound to restrict Senators to the immediate
question under debate.
I think there is a very great difference between
the cases. I do think that, out of deference to
that committee, in justice to that committee, not to
say in a spirit of gratitude to that committee for
having labored so faithfully, we are bound to have
the result of their labors printed and investigated
thoroughly, calmly, dispassionately, before we
underfake to pronounce haish criticisms on it.
I did not undeitake, as 1 said before, to mark
out the course of other gentlemen; but 1 am quite
a competent judge of what is proper for me to do,
and 1 merely intended to intimate that I did not
intend to pursue the course which other gentlemen
thought proper to pursue. The Senator from Ala-
bama said, also, that it was surprifing lo him that
I should not be prepared at the present time to
pronounce on the merits of the report, since only
yesterday I had a long conversation with him, in
which I endeavored to explain to him the outlines
of this report, and to claim his approval of it. The
honorable Senator from Alabama will permit me
to say that I feel mortified that he should have
thought proper, on the present occasion, to refer
to a conversation, private if not confidential, be-
tween myself and one of my most intimate and
valued fnends—between two gentlemen represent-
ing adjoining States, on local questions of intense
interest. The conversation was sought by him,
respectfully and kindly sought hy him; it was
gladly participated in by me, and I said to him at
the cli.se of that conversation, as he will recollect,
that for peculiar reasons 1 would prefer agreeing
with him in regard to this matter than with any
member of the United States Senate. But, sir, I
did not suppose 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Chair is
reluctantly under the necessity of interrupting: the
honorable Senator. The question under discus-
sion is the propriety of printing this report; this
discussion is therefore clearly out of order.
Mr. FOOTE. I trust I may be permitted to
state one other fact in reference to this conversa-
tion. It is m reply to what has fallen from the
Senator from Alabama.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Chair
thinks it is out of order.
Mr. FOOTE. Well, I do not wish to perse-
vere, if out of order. I merely wish to say, that
it is not true, as the honorable Senator from Ala- j
bama supposes, that I spoke from a knowledge of i
this report. I never read a line or sentence of it. I
No part of the report was ever shown to me. I
only conjectured, as other gentlemen did, and as 1
had a ri^ht to do, what would be the great features ■
of the report. In a spirit of compromise, arid i
with a stiong disposition on my part to contribute ;
to the settlement of thess questions, I urged upon [
Mr. BORLAND. It certainly was my pur-
pose, and is, to restrict myself to the subject be-
fore the Senate, in the few words I propose to
say; and I respectfully claim the same right to be
heard, without anticipation of what I shall say,
that has been accorded to, and exercised by, other
Senators who have spoken before me.
The question before the Senate, as I understand
it, is the motion to print this report; and, in
speaking upon that, it will be in order, I appre-
hend, to make known the estimate I place upon
the report itself; for in no other way could I indi-
cate the reasons which would govern my vote
upon the motion. •>
The Senator from Alabama [Mr. Clemens] has,
I think, justly said that this report contains nothing
that will be new, either to the Senate or to the
country. In my apprehension, it is substantially
neither more nor less than an embodiment of the
views expressed by the Senator from Kentucky
[Mr. Clay] in the early part of the session, and
which were, less eloquently, perhaps, but more
clearly and concisely, presented in the series of
resolutions, known as his plan of compromise,
then offered by him. We may be told that we
have not had time to consider the report, and as-
certain what it really is. But, sir, did not every-
body know, days ago, what it would be? Was
it not commonly and publicly talked about, and
well understood ? And will any one say that it is
not what was expected, and known beforehand?
If this be so—and such is my opinion—and if the
resolutions of the Senator from Kentucky have
been understood during the long period since their
introduction, I think this report, which is their
embodiment, is also understood.
When those resolutions were before the Senate,
in their own name, I gave them my candid and
careful consideration, and that consideration com-
pelled me to dissent from them, in every essential
particular, and if called upon to vote upon them at
any time, I should have voted against them, from
beginning to end. The same considerations which
then controlled my judgment, and which certainly
have not been weakened by more mature reflec-
tion, control my judgment now, and will, I doubt
not, continue to do so, in voting upon the same
propositions now presented to us in the new dress
of this report.
With the spirit in which this report i3 conceived,
and with the expressions of patriotic devotion to
the Union it contains, I have no fault to find. On
the contrary, they are such as every lover of his
country may concur in. But, sir, while I can
sympathize m that spirit, and even adopt those
expressions, they do not go to the merits of the
question at issue—they do not touch its substance
—they can have no influence upon the vote 1 shall
feel bound to give. In the performance of my
duty here, to my constituents and myself, I must
look beyond the spirit which conceived, and deeper
than the words which express, the proposition I
am called upon to accept. I must look to the
proposition itself—-to the substance—to the thin^.
Anil pray, sir, what is the proposition, or rather
the series of propositions, constituting a great and
comprehensive plan, which this report presents to
us? I appeal to every man who hears me, and
ask if this plan, comprehensive as it is, contains
a single proposition which accords with the views
which the southern States have all along put forth,
and which, if there be faith in them, they are
bound by every consideration of honor, of inter-
est, and of safety to assert, here and now, and
firmly to maintain.
It is not my purpose now to go at lengfh into
the reasons which govern my views of the several
questions presented in the report. 1 shall reserve
them for another occasion, when the subject shall
be before the Senate in a more substantive and prac-
tical form. I desire now only to enumerate the
several propositions, and state, m substance, my
ground of opposition.
First, it is proposed to admit California as a
State into the Union, under her present constitu-
tion, and with her assumed boundaries. I am
opposed to this, because 1 believe the whole move-
ment, from its inception here m Washington to
its consummation by those calling themselves the
people of California, which has resulted in bring-
ing that so-called State as an applicant for admis-
sion into the Union, has been in gross violation
alike of'the Constitution, of the establishel and
wise practice of the Government, and of good
