954
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
May 8,
faith. In this summary I include many consider-
ations which, as before intimated} I shall hereafter
present. And, in this connection, I appeal to every
Senator who represents a southern State upon this
floor, to say if his constituents—nay, if there be
a man among them—who is willing that California
shall be admitted with her present boundaries?
1 will go further, and ask, if, so for as they have
expressed an opinion at all, (and very few have
remained silent,) not only every southern State,
but every southern man, has not repeatedly and
emphatically declared an unwillingness that this
should be done? For myself, I can say that if an
opposite sentiment beyond the walls of this* Capitol,
anywhere throughout fhe South, from any source
entitled to weight or respect, has ever been ex-
pressed, I have been altogether unable to hear it.
And yet this report proposes to admit California
with these almost limitless boundaries, which
sweep the whole Pacific coast, and substantially
comprise the whole (or most that is valuable) of
our newly-acquired territory! And this is com-
promise I
The next proposition is the establishment of
territorial governments for the remainder of the
newly-acquired territory, without the Wiimot pro-
viso. As a substantive proposition, I have no ob-
jection to this; indeed, it is acceptable to me, and,
as I doubt not, to every southern man. And
why, sir, are we willing to this? Because it does
an act of justice to the people in that territory, pro-
motes the public interest, and respects the Constitu-
tion of the United States, and the rights and equal-
ity of the States under it. But, sir, when we look to
the ground upon which this prspoeition is based,
what do we find in the repoit? Is anything said
about the constitutional power ? Not a word, sir.
That point, so important, involving what the South
reeardsas her vital interest, and presenting the only
dry ground upon which the ark of her safety can
rest, is wholly overlooked—certainly untouched.
What is the meaning of this omission ? Is it be-
cause this power is conceded ? A short retrospect
indicates that this is so, especially when connected
with the expression, in other words, of the senti-
ment of a distinguished Senator fiom Massachu-
setts, [Mr. Webster,] not now in his seat, repro-
duced here, thattl the laws of Nature and the will
of God exclude slavery, and will forever exclude
it," from that territory. And, whatever others
may think, I cannot believe otherwise than that
the effect, if not the intention, of this is virtually
to concede the constitutional power.
The next proposition is to fix the boundaries of
Texas. And this is proposed to be done by shear-
ing her of her fair proportions, and paying her, in
money, for the surrender of her sovereignty. This
is a question upon which Texas herself can speak
most properly, and she is duly represented here.
Yet, as the proposition involves the action of this
bodyas well as ofTexas, while I shall notdiscussit,
I will say that I can find no constitutional warrant
for its adoption by us; and, in the estimate I have
ever placed upon State sovereignty, I can think of
no sum, in dollars, which can properly tempt Texas
to acccdc to it. Count that sum in a million, or tens
of millions, and it would seem to me to be but "a
rress of pottage" in payment for a rich inherit-
ance.
The last proposition I shall notice now is the
proposed amendment to the fugitive slave bill. So
far as making concession or affording protection to
southern interests is concerned, this proposition is
worse than nothing. INon-actton would be noth-
ing. But this does not stop here. Under the
semblance of protection of the rights of the owner
to his slave, in my opinion it strikes the most se-
rious, if not a fatal blow, at those very rights, and,
along with them, at the value of slave property and
the peace of sovereignty throughout the South.
The present law is bad enough, as all admit; for it
not only fails to enable the slave-owner to recover
his runaway property, but, in the modes of its ex-
ecution, permits the infliction alike of gross per-
sonal indignity and serious pecuniary loss upon
him who, under the solemn guarantees of the Con-
stitution and the clear and positive enactments of
the statute book, but seeks his own. And why is
this? The difficulty lies not in the Constitution,
nor in the legislation of Congress in this respect.
AH the good that can be derived from those sources
has, in my opinion, been obtained; nay, sir, ex-
hausted. The difficulty does, however, lie m the
people of the non slave-holding Stales. Their senti-
ment (and perhaps their interest) opposes them to j
all such laws, and I believe there is no principle of !
human conduct more fixed, nor more clearly ex-
emplified in practice, than that no law can be use-
fully operative in any community which is in con-
travention of the opinions and feelings of that
community. For this reason the present law on
the subject of recovering fugitive slaves is wholly
inoperative for any useful purpose—a mere mock-
ery to him whose rights are involved. But, if the
present law be bad, the one proposed in this re-
port is a great deal worse; for, if I understand it,
it complicates the proceeding already too compli-
cated, and would lead to consequences, as I be-
lieve, of interminable difficulty and embarrassment.
It proposes, as a preliminary step, that before the
owner shall even pursue his fugitive slave, he shall
obtain a copy of the record of a court as his warrant
and authority for reclaiming his property. Armed
with this record, the owner may, if the officers
of the non-slave State choose to respect it, bring
back his slave to his own home. Under the pres-
ent law here would end the proceeding. But, under
the one proposed, a greater trouble, the most vexa-
tious and mortifying of all, awaits him; for here
he has to engage in a suit at law, and have a jury
trial, with his own slave! To say nothing more
of the obstacles and difficulties such requirements
would add to those already in existence, it seems
to me that few things could be more offensive, de-
grading, and injurious to the slave owner, and still
fewer more tempting to insubordination on the
part of the slave—in a word, more certainly de-
structive of the due relation between master and
slave, than the practical operation of such a
scheme. To my mind the ingenuity of man
would require a Jong time, and a wide scope, to
either discover or invent a scheme more fraught
with mischief—mischief most tearful and fatal in
its results. Under the operation of such a law as
this, a slave has only to abscond to involve his
owner in a suit at law, with all the complication
and expense of a jury trial! And not a slave
owner, of the whole three hundred thousand in
the southern States, who would not be liable, at
any moment, to be involved m difficulties of this
kind. The owner ot one hundred or of five hun-
dred slaves may, in a single day, find the whole
business of his plantation suspended, all work at
a stand, and himself called upon to defend one
hundred or five hundred suits at law, before a jury
of his country ! Such may be the operation of
such a law as is now proposed. I pretend not to
say that such would be the case to the extent I
have indicated as possible, yet that such would, to
a very great extent, I have no doubt; and that, to
the full extent, it is possible, 1 think no one can
seriously question. But, in its most favorable as-
pect, who will say that such a provision of law
would not be a mockery to the slave, and an insult
at least, if not a grievous injury, to the owner?
Besides, I would ask, where is any power found
by Congress to pass any such law ? It is seriously
questioned, by some of the best minds of the coun-
tiy, whether, under the Constitution, Congress
has power to pass any law at all on this subject;
and these believe that this power, and along with
it the duty, which the Constitution confers and im-
poses, rests in and is obligatory upon the several
State governments. And to this position I do not
hesitate to give my own assent. But whether the
general power be thus denied to Congress or not,
that of interfering with the relations between mas-
ter and slave, within the States where slavery ex-
ists, and, above all, that of establishing courts for
the purpose, and making and trying issues be-
tween a master and his slave, is so contrary to my
preconceived opinions, and so repugnant to my
sense of propriety, that 1 must be excused for re-
jecting it not only with promptness, but with some
degree of feeling.
1 shall go no further into the discussion of these
subjects at th)3 time, receiving, as 1 before said,
what else I may desire to say to a future and more
fitting time. 1 have gone so far because the ques-
tions involved are ot so much and such vital in-
terest to my own constituents, and to the whole
country, and the propositions offered for settling
these questions are so variant from my own views,
that I was unwilling that the people whose repre-
sentative I am should be uninformed of what 1
think, and what I mean to do, in relation to them.
And, however humble my views may be, I desire
that they shallgoout from this Chamber along
with the propositions to which they stand op-
posed.
Mr. HALE, i rise perhaps rather to occupy
the attention of the Chair than the Senate, i con-
fess that I am somewhat surprised at the manner
in which this report has been received. I am in
favor of its printing, and I propose to suggest a
few reasons why. I recollect, in my reading of
history, that it is said somewhere that Henry
VIII. of England was on the point of putting to
death one of hisdueens for some most outrageous
heresies which she had avowed. She excused
herself by saying that she did not really entertain
those heretical notions, but had merely advanced
them for the purpose of hearing his eloquence in
refuting them. I confess that I was inclined to
think that some of our friends on the other side of
the Chamber had taken up tke policy of Henry
Vlii.'s Clueen, and did not really entertain the
notions which they advanced, but did it merely
from a desire of hearing the eloquence of the de-
fenders of the report thus attacked. When we
look at the report in connection with the attacks
upon it to which I have referred, what is the state
of the case ? It only serves to strengthen my con-
victions of the truth of the remark of the Senator
from Alabama, [Mr. Clemens,] when he said
" that concessions to fanaticism never satisfied
fanatics." Never, sir. if we can suppose that
there is any fanaticism at the South—we all know
that there is a great deal of it North—but if we
can only suppose that there is any at all at the
South, and if they are not satisfied with this meas-
ure of concession, I do ask, m the name of hu-
mility itself, what do they want? In the name of
humility, Senators, what do you want? This bill
turns the whole of the territories into a slave pas-
| ture, and offers no obstruction to the spread of
! slavery over every inch of it. I want this fact to
' go out to the country in connection with the report,
j so that the people may see and understand the ex-
| tent of the concession. Yes, sir, the report pro-
j poses to turn this whole territory into a slave pas-
! ture, and to let down the bars so that all may go
| in; and the Senator from Arkansas, [Mr. Bor-
: land,] I believe did say, that, as an abstract propo-
1 sition, he was satisfied with that. Well, sir, what
| has the North got? It has got nothing, because it
| asked for nothing, so far as I know; and it wants
: nothing. What, then, is the concession to the
i North? Is this, then, a compromise? No, sir. A
■ compromise gives and takes, but in this case it
! seems to me that the South takes the whole.
I In times past the South have been urging and
i urging that California should form a constitution
' for herself, and come into the Union, and thus
' avoid all this agitation. That, sir, was the south-
; ern teaching, promulgated by the high priest of the
j elect here in this city, the Union newspaper; for
that was the doctrine they preached. Let Cahfor-
I nia form a State constitution and come into the
| Union, and thus avoid all this difficulty. Well,
! sir, it is now proposed to take California with just
such a constitution as she has framed under this
southern teaching. Then we are to take the rest
of the territory, everyjnch of it, and appropriate it
to what you contend and believe, if there is any
tiuth in you, to be the use of slavery, because you
say that the Constitution carries that institution
1 with it wherever it goes. Thus you of the South
1 get all you ask, and we of the North get nothing
Then comes the fugitive slave bill, and you pro-
pose to pass that, and you are going to give the
slave the right of trial by jury ! If a colored man
; in New Hampshire—and there are a very few-
there—should be seized and claimed as a slave m
this great desert at the back side of Utah, he
would be tried there, and not be brought back to
New Hampshire to be tried where he was horn
j and brought up. But your bill £ives him a jury
j trial in the desei ts of Utah ! That would be worth
a £ood deal to him ! I wonder whut it would cost
: him to get his witnesses there! That is a routes-
sinn to the North, indeed ! Now 1 am extremely
j glad that we have had the exhibition that we have
I had today. The Senator from Mississippi [Mr.
!; Foote] thanks the committee for what they have
;! done. Well, I thank the Senators who have op-
;i posed the report, so that there are thank* all
round. [Laughter.] I thank them, because now
ii the country will see where we stand. And they
j! will see, too, that the Senator from Alabama did
jj not speak without the book when he said that
;i "concession to fanaticism never satisfied fanatics;'*
