THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
PUBLISHED AT WASHINGTON, BY JOHN C. RIVES.—TERMS $3 FOR THIS SESSION.
31st Congress, 1st Session.
Mr. CLARKE, I suspect that, if the mails do
not lie there, they He over somewhere else. Allow
me to say to my friend from Florida that there isno
authority in the Post Office Department, or the
agents of that department, to deliver the mail to
any other person than those authorized to receive
it, and carry it from Panama to San Francisco,
and thence to Oregon. There is no such authority,
and it is idle to talk of it. There are two lines of
transient vessels running from Panama to San
Francisco; but these lines are not connected with
the mail service. There is no line connected with
tnemaii service of the United States except that
ofHow|and& Aspinwall. The contract was made
with Howland & Aapinwall. They were to build
three steamers of certain dimensions, and they
were to carry the mail1 monthly, which it was then
supposed would be sufficient for the young and
rising State of California. When this contract
was entered into there were not more than thirty
or forty thousand people in .California. There are
now in the State of California two hundred thousand
people, mostly emigrants from the United States.
They have ail their connections here, and l]tee an
immense correspondence. Owing to the vmit of
mail facilities, they do not know that they have
been admitted into the Union as a State and that
their Senators are seated upon this floor. Is that
State that is furnishing; to you her rich minerals to
be debarred from the mail facilities which are
granted to every other State in the Union ? I trust
not
The line upon this side has, under a contract
with the Government, carried the mail to Chagres,
and beyond that it has been transported to Panama.
Why should it remain at Panama two weeks, un-
til the contractors take it to San Francisco ? There
is no propriety in it at all. And I insist upon it,
with my friend from California, that the people of
California have a right to this increased mail ser-
vice. The proposition introduced by the Senator
from Texas is to allow the proper department to
make a. contract for an increase of service in the
conveyance of the mail. Of course, it is to be al-
lowed to the present contractor to do this increased
service. It is right that the mail should be carried
twice a month from Panama to San Francisco.
It has been suggested that noamendments should
be made to the bill, or it will be lost. I think
amendments will be made. If the House of Rep-
resentatives;; as a coordinate branch of thi§ Gov-
ernment, choose to say to us that the bill will be
lost if we amend it, then I say let it be lost.
I am convinced that this increased mail service |
is necessary to the people of California. I can,
therefore, see no objection to the amendment.
Mr. FOOTE. I wish to be understood as not
at all opposed to this particular scheme of appro-
priation. It is a subject that I have not thoroughly
examined, for one, but of'the importance of which
I am perfectly aware. It is a subject j^hich I in-
tend to examine maturely before final action upon
it. What I object to is, that a matter so import-
ant, involving so large an expenditure of the pub-
lic money, should be urged upon us so unseason-
ably, and in a manner so earnest as almost to
amount to dictation.
Mr. RUSK. Will the honorable Senator allow
me to explain ? Some six months ago this subject
was before the Congress of the United States, by
a bill which I introduced, after consultation with
the department. In the first place, it was brought
to our notice early in the session by an honorable
Senator from Massachusetts, [Mr. Webster,]
who is no longer a member of this body. He
presented various memorials on the subject,. Since
•that time I have often endeavored to get the bill
up, but could never do it. I, therefore, offered
this amendment, which was furnished me by the
Post Office Department.
Mr, FOOTE. I have heard the explanation of
my friend with pleasure, but I was aware of those
facts before. I was aware that the proposition was
not strictly a new one; but the honorable Senator
from Texas will not deny that it is a proposition
which has not received the deliberate consideration
of the Senate of the United States. It has not
129
TUESDAY, OCTOBER 1, 1850.
New*Series.... No. 129
been the subject of formal examination here. It
has not been the subject of a regular debate. It
has not been the subject of a free interchange of
thought and idea. 1 say, therefore, that the propo-
sition is practically a new one« It is sprung upon
us most unseasonably. It is brought upon us, in
my judgment, indiscreetly. And it is so urged
upon us, I repeat again, as almost to amount to
dictation on the part of the friends of the propo-
sition.
This amendment will involve an enormous ap-
propriation. The proposition is one of a some-
what complex character in several respects. It is
part of a great scheme of policy but recently
adopted and not yet thoroughly digested, which
may hereafter prove exceedingly beneficial, or
which may prove exceedingly mischievous. Cer-
tain it is that the steam service, of which, f have
been, to a certain extent, a supporter, has already
manifested a disposition to ramify and extend itself
in various modes, and in such a manner as to do
the deepest mischief to this country. I will notgo
into particulars, but we must all be aware of it.
I will say again that I am not to be understood as
being against this scheme of policy at all. 1 have
cautiously taken care to declare that my mind is
not made up to vote against this proposition when
it shall be brought forward at the right time and m
aright manner. Such, I understand, is also the
position of those gentlemen who concur with me
in opposing the adoption of this amendment at the
present moment. But I object to hasty legislation
upon such a subject as this. I object, at "this late
period of the session, to legislation involving so
large an amount of the public money. I object to ;
legislation involving such important results at this !
time, when it cannot be maturely considered. i
Sir, I have a littie expenence on this subject;
and when 1 speak thus, I do not intend to speak
as an egottst, still less in a spirit of decrial of any
one, especially of this enterprising company whose
friends upon this floor seem to feel so deep an in-
terest in the present proposition. It is but a little
more than two yeais since a proposition was
brought forward to give this same company the
privilege of constructing a railroad across the Isth-
mus or Panama on which to train*poit the mail.
That proposition involved several millions of dol-
lars. It was brought forward m the middle of a
session, and was urged upon us warmly, earn-
estly, and almost dtct-uorially. We were told
then that no delay ought to take place; that the
Senate of the United States ought not to hesitate a
moment. I had the honor then, in connection
with the honorable Senator from Louisiana and
tHher Senators, to oppose that proposition; and we
so opposed it, thanks be to Heaven, that we de-
feated it, and saved the Government several mil-
lions of dollars. Then it was said that it was an
outrageous thing to interfere with that proposition;
that it was unpardonable to oppose it; that there
was no time to wait; that no delay should be al-
lowed. But we did interpose obstacles, and we
finally defeated the project; and I never congratu-
lated myself more on any part of my legislative
action than on that, humble as my part was upon ;
that occasion. j
And now, sir, it is urged upon us that we must I
adopt this proposition, because California is a j
State of this Union. Sir, she has become a State j
of this Union; and being a State of this Union, she j
has rights. I opposed her admission, but I%pposed i
it upon principle, and in a spirit of kindness and ]
respect for the rights of the people of California. [
I have never questioned her rights upon this floor. !
I have delighted to cooperate with those who repre- j
sent her here, in every reasonable scheme for the j
advancementofher prosperity. But I cannot under- [
stand why it is that gentlemen urge that because
California is a State, she should be allowed to bank-
rupt the Treasury of the United States. Gentlemen
much more opposed to the admission of California
than I have been, have urged that her admission
would tend to destroy the Republic. Certain gen-
tlemen here seem exceedingly anxious to veitfy
this prediction, and to show that those who most
strenuously opposed the admission of California '
were perfectly rights in their opposition—right in
all their predictions as to the evil consequences
likely to result, because now that California is in
the Union, it seems that every project that has the
least connection with California is to be sanctioned
and approved, and no opposition, however reason-
able and prudential it may be, is to be allowed.
And why? Because California is a State of this
Union. She is a State. She has rights. She has
honor. I contravene neither; I call in question
neither; but there are other States of this Union
which also have an interest in the National Treas-
ury. What is the necessity for this hot hasie
which is urged upon us now? In sixty days we
shall again assemble in this Chamber, when we
can maturely consider this subject.
A few words more and I have done. I have
cautiously avoided debate here for some time past.
I have urged honorable gentlemen not to indulge
in discussion, because-1 saw that the ends of Gov-
ernment would be defeated by it. It was only
because I conceived it necessary for some gentle-
men to protest against the course that is now
urged upon us, that I have taken up the time of
this body on the present occasion.
We had some little admonition this morning as
to the danger of hnsty legislation in regard to Cal-
ifornia matters. Nevertheless, 1 say deliberately,
I say it with due consideration of the matier and
the consequences connected with the declaration,
that if the views which were expressed in certain
quarters this morning, in regard to a portion of
the legislation which has been urged upon us for
California, should be adopted in the same hasty
manner in which it is proposed to give our sane- *
tmn to the present proposition, the admission of
California would be productive of more detriment
to the Republic, and in my opinion be fraught with
more real dishonor to the nation, than any event
that has ever occurred in the historic annals of the
country.
Sir, we must be cautious about this California
business. Not only is California a State of the
Union, but she is a great State. Her resources
are large. Her interests are vast. They a~re of
vast importance to herself and to the country at
large. In dealing with them we must act cau-
tiously, circumspectly, and vigilantly; and per-
mit no man or set of men to urge us hastily and
indiscreetly into the adoption of any legislation
for which hereafter we may have reason to repent
in sackcloth and ashes.
Mr. DICKINSON. I want to make but a re-
mark or two. Time is precious. It is an im-
portant ingredient to legislation. With the best
feeling between the two Houses that ever existed
between any two legislative bodies, with the most
perfect determination to agree, with a perfect sym-
pathy between them upon the subjects that are to
come before them, they willhave no timeto spare in
the disposition of subjects that are of the utmost
importance. Hence the Committee on Finance
hardly thought it worth while to make even trivial
amendments to the bill, because ihey feared that
the consideration of them would cause the ne-
glect of more important interests, if more import-
ant amendments are to be made, in relation to
which a conflict might arise between the two
Houses, they feared" that the bill would be lost;
and they therefore recommend that no amendment
be made to the bill I now, however, hope that
gentlemen will propose amendments to their
heart's content, and not be displeased with the rec-
ommendation of the Finance Committee. Every
Senator will take such a course as he thinks proper*
and of course the Senate will dispose of the ques-
tions as it may see fit. But I am about to make
a motion, in which I hope the Senate will agree
with me.
I move to lay the bill on the table for the pres-
ent, for the purpose of considering Executive busi-
ness. The motion was agreed to.
On motion by Mr. DICKINSON, the Senate
proceeded to the consideration of Executive busi-
ness, and after some time spent therein the doors
were reopened,
And the Senate adjourned.
