1850.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
957
A bill for the relief of Isaac Cobb; and
A bill for the relief of Martha Dameron.
Mr. W. also, from the same committee, made
adverse reports in the following cases, which were
ordeiedto lie on the tableand be printed, viz;
The petition of Stephen Allen, for a pension;
The petition of Eda Tuck, for a pension;
The petition of Joshua Wood ward, of Michi-
gan, for a pension for revolutionary services; '
The petition of the heirs of Lieutenant Stephen
Riggs, for a pension for his revolutionary services;
The petition of Elizabeth Wright, the widow of
William Wright, of North Carolina, praying for
the benefits of the act of July, 3838, granting pen-
sions to the widows of revolutionary soldiers;
The petition of Jacob Slingerland for an increase
of pension;
The petition of Handly Donaldson, of Martin
county, Indiana, for a pension;
The petition of Levi Foster, for a pension for
meritorious services during the revolutionary
war; and
The petition of the heirs of Joshua Hill, de-
ceased, asking for an amount of pension which
their father ought to have received.
On motion by Mr. WALDO, the Committee on
Revolutionary Pensions was discharged from the
further consideration of the following petitions and
memorials, and they were ordered to lie on the
table, viz:
The petition of William Peirce, for relief, on
account of revolutionary services;
The petition of John Caldwell, an old soldier,
asking for a gratuity;
The memorial of the soldiers of the late war
with Great Britain, asking for bounty land;
The memorial of citizens of Wabash, Kosci-
usko, Grant, and Huntingdon counties, Indiana,
soldiers m the war of 1812, and under Wayne
during his Indian campaigns, asking for some com-
pensation in kind and mode as is now paid to
soldieis of the Revolution;
The memorial of Uriah Young and seventy
other citizens of the county of Warren, State of
New York, praying that the death of a widow,
after the passage of the act of the 7th of July,
1838, and before the passage of the joint resolu-
tion of the 16th August; 1842, shall not prevent
her children from receiving the same annuity
which she would have received by virtue of said
act and resolution from the 4th of March, 1836, to
the day of her death.
Mr. WALDO said the objects of some of these
petitions were provided for in a bill now before the
Committee of the Whole House.
Mr. HAY, from the Committee on Invalid Pen-
sions, reported the following bills, which were
severally read a first and second time by their
titles, and referred to a Committee of the Whole
House, and, with the reports accompanying, or-
dered to be printed, viz:
A bill for the relief of Willim Lynch;
A bill for the relief of James F. Green;
A bill for the relief of James Maines;
A bill for the relief of Isaac Downs; and
A bill for the relief of George C. Thomas.
On motion by Mr. HAY, the Committee on In-
valid Pensions was discharged from the further
consideration of the petition of Samuel Menifred,
of Marion county, Virginia, who served in the
Rangers in 1794, asking for a pension, and it was
referred to the Committee on Revolutionary Pen-
sions.
On motion by Mr. M ATTES0N,the Committee
on invalid Pensions was discharged from the fur-
ther consideration of the memorial of Mrs. Kath-
arine Keller, the widow of John Keller, deceased,
for a pension; and it was referred to the Commit-
tee on Revolutionary Pensions.
TERRITORIAL BILLS.
Mr. RICHARDSON, from the Committee on
Territories, reported a bill entitled An act to
amend certain acts entitled, An act to establish the
territorial government of Oregon, and An act to
establish the territorial government of Minnesota;
which was read a first and second time by its title,
referred to a Committee of the Whole on the state
of the Union, and ordered to he printed.
Mr. RICHARDSON, from the Committee on
Territories, reported the followingresoluuon,which
was read and adopted, viz.:
« Resolved That the 58th and 29lh instant be set apart for
the transaction of territorial business of Oregon and Min-
nesota,"
Mr. OLDS, from the Committee on Invalid
Pensions, reported the following bills; which were
severally read a first and second time by their
titles, referred to a Commit tee of the Whole House,
and , with the bills accompanying, ordered to be
printed, viz:
A bill for the relief of Gardner Herring;
A bill for the relief of Emily Stone, the widow
of the late Dr. Benjamin Stone; and
A bill for the relief of Sylvanus S. Blodget.
Mr. LEFFLER, from the Committee on In-
valid Pensions, reported the following bills; which
were read a first and second time by their titles,
referred to a Committee of the Whole on the state
of the Union, and, with the reports accompanying,
ordered to be printed, viz:
A bill for the relief of William B. Edwards; and
* A bill for the relief of Morris K. Simons.
Mr. LKFFLER, from the samecommittee, made
an adverse report on the petition of Jesse W. Hoi-
lister, for increase of pension; which was ordered
to lie on the table and be printed.
Mr. AVERETT, from the Committee on In-
valid Pensioners, made an adverse report on the
petition of John Lusk for a pension; which was
ordered to lie on the table and be printed 
Mr. HARLAN,from the Committeeon Patents,
reported a bill for the extension of the privilege
secured by letters patent therein mentioned to
Zebulon Parker and Austin Parker; which was
read a first and second time by its title, referred to
a Committee of the Whole House, and, with the
report accompanying, ordered to be printed.
Mr. H. said he had reported the bill at the re-
quest of the Committee on Patents. By so doing,
he did not consider himself as commixed in favor
of the bill-
REPAIRS OF THE HALL, &C.
Mr. KING, of Massachusetts, from the Com-
mitteeon Accounts, reported the following resolu-
tion, viz:
Re^oh ed, That during Hie recess of Congress the Clerk of
the House shall not cause any alterations, addition-*, ot re-
pairs to he made in the hail of the House, the office?:, or
committee rooms of the same, or in the furnishing thereof,
except by tho advice and consent of the Commissioner of
Public Buildings.
The resolution having been read—
The SPEAKER stated the question to be on
the adoption thereof.
Mr. RICHARDSON asked that the resolution
might be again read.
And the resolution having been read—
Mr. RICHARDSON moved that it be laid
upon the table.
The question was taken on that motion, and the
affirmative vote was declared to be 55.
Mr. RICHARDSON asked for the yeas and
nays.
Mr. BINGHAM requested that the resolution
might be ag^ain read.
Mr. WENTWORTH expressed the hope that
some explanation would be given of the resolu-
tion.
The SPEAKER requested the House to come
to order.
Mr. STANTON, of Tennessee, would like, he
said, to ask a question of the Speaker.
The SPEAKER. The reading of the resolu-
tion has been again called for. The gentleman
from Tennessee [Mr. Stanton] will suspend his
remarks until order has been restored. Gentlemen
are requested to resume their seats, and suspend
their conversation.
Order having been restored, and the resolution
having been again read,
Mr. STANTON, of Tennessee, rose to inquire
of the Speaker whether any alterations could at
piesent be made vvithoui the order or consent of the
Speaker of the House?
The SPEAKER said, the Chair could have no
difficulty in replying to the inquiry of the gentle-
man from Tennessee, [Mr. Stantojt.] But the
gentleman would observe that that wouid open the
whole merits of the question, at a time when a mo-
tion was pending to lay the resolution on the table.
Mr. STANTON. All that I desired was to as-
certain a single fact.
The SPEAKER said, the Chair would state
that the Speaker of the House had no control over
the expenditures of the contingent fund in these
matters. That fund was under the control of the
Clerk of the House.
Mr. RICHARDSON (at the request of several
gentlemen in different parts of the Hail) withdrew
his motion to lay on the table.
So the motion to lay on the table was with-
drawn.
And the question then recurring on the adoption
of the resolution,
Mr. STANTON, of Tennessee, said he desired
to be informed whether, under the present rules,
or laws, or whatsoever it might be which gov-
erned the operations proposed to be reached by
this resolution, such alterations as might be re-
quired could be made except by the order, or at
least, without the consent of the Speaker. If such
was the case, he (Mr. S.) did not see why the
change should be made, and the disposition of the
arrangements of the Hall and the committee rooms
be taken from the House itself, and given to the
Commissioner of Public Buildings, who could not
be presumed to know what were the conveniences
which the House required. If he (Mr. S ) was
mistaken in supposing that these alterations and
arrangements had heretofore been made under the
order of the Speaker, he would be happy to be
corrected.
The SPEAKER. The Chairhas already stated
that the Speaker of the House has no control over
the expenditure of the contingent fund of the
House in relation to the furniture of the Hall and
the committee rooms. The Chair is not aware
(hat the Speaker has any control over the expendi-
tures proposed to be reached by the resolution re-
ported from the Committee on Accounts.
Mr. STANTON, of Tennessee. Is the fund
under the control of the Clerk of the House?
The SPEAKER. It is under the control of the
Clerk of the House, but subject to the revision of
the Committee on Accounts.
Mr. STANTON. Then I should desire to see
the resolution so amended as to strikeout "the
Commissioner of Public Buildings," and insert
''Speaker of the House."
Mr. KING, of Massachusetts, chairman of the
Committee on Accounts, said that there did not
appear to be any law, or positive regulation, by
which the Clerk of the House was restricted in
making alterations or repairs in the arrangement
or furniture of the Hall and of the committee
rooms. The lesolution, as reported from the
Committee on Accounts, proposed to cover the
time during the recess of Congress, when no
Speaker was here, or when no Speaker was in ex-
istence at all, as was the fact from the months (f
March to December in every alternate year. Fol-
lowing the usage of the Senate, where the pre-
siding officer of the body was always m existence,
and more or less present at the seat of Govern-
ment, there might be some expediency in intrusting
these matters to the Clerk. But sometimes, as he
had stated, there was for months together no
Speaker of the House. The consequence wa?,
that a large discretion had been left to the Clerk.
The committee had had some expeiience which
showed them the propriety of adopting some rule
or regulation, in relation to the expenditure of the
contingent fund of the House. He did not mean
to be understood as saying that the last Clerk of
the House had exercised a larger discretion than
any other gentleman who had preceded him.
When the new Committee on Accounts met for
i the first lime, at the commencement of the present
j session of Congress, they found bills to a very Urge
, amount to be audited and passed for furniture,
j work, &c , done during the last recess, by order of
; the Clerk of the last House. As the Speaker of
'i the House well knew, a !arg;e amount of money had
;: been expended for refurnishing i be Speaker's room.
Now, the Speaker of the last House had not been
; consulted, and there was no Speaker in existence
1 at the time the woik was done. Nor, according
to the rule, or, more properly speaking, he should
say the usage, of the House, (for, as he had slated,
; there was no positive rule or regulation upon the
subject,) was it the duty of the Clerk to consult
ij any one in relation to this or any other expend!-
j- tuie. Gentlemen must have seen that the Hall,
I; from the floor to the ceiling, had been entirely re-
j: fitted. It had been done at an expense of a good
jj many thousand dollars. Of course there was no
•! one of whom the Clerk did, or could, take advice.
:j Mr. WfNTHROP rose, and
Mr. KING yielding the floor for the purpose 
Mr. W., confirming a remark of Mr. King's,
was understood to say that the late Clerk had no
one with whom to consult, and did consult no one
