1850.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
959
the recesses, when this contingent fund was under
the control of the Clerk, and had heretofore been
expended at his own discretion. The committee
were of opinion that the concurrence of the Com-
missioner of Public Buildings should be required.
So far as he (Mr. McD.) was concerned* he was
perfectly willing: to see the amendment of the gen-
tleman from South Carolina adopted. The change
of language proposed by it did not materially
change the effect of the resolution. There was un-
doubtedly some necessity,and agrowing necessity,
for some restraint upon the Clerk in hU improve-
ments and repairs made in this Hall and in the
•committee rooms during the recesses of Congress,
and no man could know this fact as well as those
who occupied the position in which he (Mr.
McD.) had been placed during this session upon
the Committee on Accounts—the committee before
which these accounts were continually coming
in.
Mr. WOODWARD (resuming) said he had no
objection that they should constitute a contingent
fund sufficient to furnish the very best accommo-
dations to all the committee rooms. He looked
to the inequality in the expenditures which had
heretofore been made. If, as the gentleman from
Delaware slated, the application, the control of
this fund belonged properly not to the Clerk, but
to the Committee on Accounts, it showed that the
discretion of the Clerk had woiked much worse
than he (Mr. W.) had supposed—the committee
had not controlled the Clerk.
He proposed, therefore, to amend the language
of the resolution so far as it seemed disrespectlul
to the Clerk, and substitute "concurrence4' for
4< advice and consent.
Mr. PRESTON KING said, the object of this
resolution was merely to restrain the expenditures
of the Clerk from the contingent fund during the
recesses of Congress. During the sessions of the
House it did not propose to throw any additional
restraint over him. In his judgment that restraint
would be better imposed by inserting after the
word "except," the words, "by the previous
order of the House.'' There was no reason why
this concurrent control should be passed over to
the Commissioner of Public Buildings—an officer
who was not responsible to the House. The
House should have the entire control of its con-
tingent fund. He moved the amendment, which
he had suggested, as an amendment.to the amend-
ment of the gentleman from South Carolina.
The SPEAKER stated that the proposition of
the gentleman from New York would not be in
order as an amendment to the amendment of the
gentleman from South Carolina, as it applied to
another part of the resolution; and suggested that
the gentleman would accomplish his object by
moving as a substitute for the resolution, the res-
olution as he wished it amended.
Mr. KING (accepting the suggestion) moved
to strike out the entire resolution, and insert in
lieu thereof the same resolution, modified by in-
serting after the word " except," the words, " by
the previous order of the House."
Mr. CARTTER. I have a resolution which I
wish to offer as a substitute for the entire resolu-
tion.
Mr. C.'s proposed substitute was sent up to the
Clerk to be read.
Mr. HOUSTON asked if it would be in order
at this ume to call for the reading of the original
resolution ?
The SPEAKER. It will be read as soon as the
amendment is read.
Mr. Cartter's substitute was read, as follows :
Resolved, That no expenditure shall hereafter be made for
the purpose of furbishing or refitting the Hall of the House,
or committee room*, thereof, outot the conungent fund ex-
cept i>y r^olution specifying the object and amount ot such
appropriation.
The original resolution was then again read.
Mr. KING said he was satisfied with the sub-
stitute of the gentleman from Ohio, and he would
withdraw his motion.
The substitute of Mr. Cartter being thus re-
ceived—
Mr. CARTTER said, there appeared to be a
concurrence among gentlemen in this Hall in refer-
ence to the necessity of restraining the profligate
expenditures of the contingent fund of the House,
for the furnishing and refitting of the Hall and of
the committee rooms; and the^remedy proposed for
the difficulty was, to refer the Clerk of the House
over to the -Commissioner of Public Buildings.
Now he liked the purpose which gentleman had in
view, if there was any of the funds of the Gov-
ernment which was liable to be squandered and
profligately expended, it was the contingent fund,
and for the reason that there was no specified object
or limitation to its expenditure. It rested in the dis-
cretion of the Clerk, and that discretion had not here-
tofore been properly exercised, as was exhibited in
the distinction which had been made in the furni-
ture of the committee rooms. Whether there had
been fidelity on the part of the Clerk he did not
know; it was immaterial. Let them go into the
room of the Committee on Foreign Affairs, and
they found it furnished like a palace; let them
enter the room adjoining it, and they found it fur-
nished very simply and meagerly. Why this
distinction had been taken, he did not know, it
did not exist in any particular superiority of the
Committee on Foreign Affairs over the Com-
mittee on Military Affairs that he was aware of.
Still, the distinction existed, and it had been made
under the exercise of discretion on the part of the
Clerk.
What was proposed by the resolution before
the House, repoited from the Committee on Ac-
counts? To restrain the Clerk, by turning him
over to the Commissioner of Public Buildings.
Now he would as soon think of reforming sin,
by referring it to the devil; and it would have as
much effect. The business of the Commissioner
of Public Buildings was to expend money. He
was hired for that purpose. The very office led to
expenditures.
What was the object of referring this subject
abroad from the House? Did not the membeis of
the House understand what their conveniences
here required? Did not the committees know
what conveniences they required in their com-
mittee rooms ? Certainly they did. And if so,
what better direction could be given to the expend-
itures for refitting and furnishing them, than the
direction of this House? Gentlemen told them
that the contingent fund was required to be ex-
pended in the vacation of Congress—when Con-
gress was not heie to supervise the expenditures.
The committee rooms, he thought, would take
care of themselves during the recesses; and if any
of them needed refitting, and new-furnishing, he
would guaranty, that the committees who occu-
pied them would find it out soon enough alter
Congress met.
Mr. CROWELL interposed, and inquired of
his colleague if he knew at whose request the
room of the Committee on Foreign Affairs had
been fitted up?
Mr. CARTTER replied that he did not know.
He had accidentally stumbled into that palace the
other day, and was blinded by its dazzling rich-
ness, and he had got out of it as quickly as he
could.
Mr. BAYLY demanded the previous question.
Mr. HOUSTON requested the gentleman from
Virginia [Mr. Bayly] to withdraw the motion lor
a few moments.
Mr. BAYLY not replying on the moment,
The SPEAKER inquired whether the gentle-
man from Virginia [Mr. Bayly] withdrew the de-
mand for the previous question?
Mr. BAYLY. I want to take up and dispose
of the deficiency bill, it is more important that
we should do so, than that we should be discuss-
ing this resolution. 1 must insist on the demand i
have made for the previous question.
Mr. MASON. As a member of the Commit-
tee on Accounts, by whom this resolution has
been repoi ted, and finding that gentlemen do not
at all understand us object, i ask the House not
to sustain the demand foi the previous question, at
least until the proposition is understood.
The SPEAKER. The gentleman is reminded
that no remarks are now in order.
The question was then taken on the demand for
the previous question, and, by ayes 70, noes not
counted, there was a second.
And the main question was ordered to be now
taken.
Which main question was, first, on agreeing to
the amendment of the gentleman from South Caro-
lina, [Mr. Woodward.]
Mr. CROWELL called for the reading of the
amendment.
The original resolution and the amendmentjwere
both read.
And the question was then taken, and decided
in the affirmative, without a division.
So the amendment was agreed to.
The question then lecurred on the substitute
offered by Mr. Cartter for the whole proposition.
The substitute having been read—
Mr. SaCKETT inquired if an amendment
could now be offered?
The SPEAKER replied in the negative.
Mr. JOHNSON, of Arkansas, asked the yeas
and nays on the substitute.
A count was taken, and the SPEAKER said the
yeas and nays were not ordered.
Mr. VENABLE called for tellers on ordering
the yeas and nays. And, tellers having been or-
dered, Mr. Venable, of North Carolina, and Mr.
Fowler, of Massachusetts, were appointed.
And the count having been again taken, and 38
members voting in favor thereof, the yeas and nays
were ordered.
Mr. CARTTER called for the reading of the
substitute; which was again read.
And the question was then taken, and decided
in the affirmative; yeas 86, nays 61; as follows:
V£A^—Messrs. A>bt;rtson, Alexander, Alston, Anderson,
A>he, Averett, Bay, Beale, Bennett, lJiugham, Hneock,
Bowie, Boyd, Albert G. Brown, Burrows, Cliesier Butler,
Thomas B. Butler, Joseph Cabie, George A. Caldwell, Jo-
seph P. Caldwell, Calvin, Campbell, Cariter, Cleveland,
Chngman, W. R. W. Cobb, Corwin, Crowell, Dickey,
Dimiuiek, Dunham, Durkee, Edmuud-on, Nathan Evans,
F tch. Fowler, Hall, Harlan, (sham <.«• Harris, Samp-on W.
Harris, Hay, Hunter, Andrew Johnson, Robert v\. John-
son, Juiian, Kaufman, Kerr, Preston King. L<\ t-ere, Leffler,
Littleheld, Marshall, McLanahan, Robert M McLme, Mc-
Wtlliu, Meacham, Mill^ui, Mojris, Morton, Ojjle, Orr,
Pea-lee, Potter, Powell, Richardson, Hos*, Sawielle, Shep-
p<;rd, Spia ue, Frederick P. Stain n, Richard H. Stanton,
Stetson, Swet:t.*er, Thomas, Jacob Thompson, William
Thompson. Toombs, Waldo, Wallace, Watkms, Went-
worth, Whittlesey. Wildnck, Williams, Winthrop, and
Wood—86.
NAYS—Messrs. Bayly, Booth, Bowdon, Brigs*?, WiHiam
J Brown, Buel, Ca-ey, Chandler, Claike, Coleocls,Conger,
Duncan, Fuller, CJoU, Gould, Hallovvaj, Haral-on, Hay-
mond, Helidid, fiibbard, Houston, Howard, Howe, W. T.
Jackson, James L. Johnson, Dame] P. Kim?, Geoige G.
King, John A. King, Ma-on, Matteson, McCIernand, Mc-
Donald, McDowell, McQueen, Moore, Nel.-on, Newell,
Otis, Outlaw, Parkei, Peck, Pheips, Putnam, Ret d, Rey-
nolds, Ut ley, Robbing Ro-e, Rumsoy, Savage, Sehenek,
Schoolcraft, Seddon, Thaddeus Stevens, Suung. Tavlor,
John B. Thompson, Tuck, Van D>ke, Vinton, and Wo< d-
ward—61.
So the substitute amendment of Mr. Cartter
was agreed to.
The question then recurring on the adoption of
the resolution, as thus amended—
Mr. HUBBARD moved to lay the resolution
on the table.
Mr. HALL called for the yeas and nays on that
motion; but they were refused.
The question was then taken, and decided in
the negative—ayes 48, noes 73.
So the resolution was not laid on the table.
The question recurring on the adoption of the
resolution as amended, was tdken, and decided in
the affirmative, without a division.
So the resolution was adopted.
Mr. CARTTER moved to reconsider the vote,
and to lay that motion on the table; which latter
motion was agreed to.
FUNERAL EXPENSES OP THE LATE CLERK.
Mr. KING, of Massachusetts, from the Com-
mittee on Accounts, reported the following reso-
lution; which, being read, was agreed to, viz.:
Resolved, Tliat the Uierk be directed to pav out of the
coiiiiugeiit fund of the House, under the tupervi-ion ot the
Committee on Accounts, the expenses attending the itinera!
ol Thomas J. Campbell, late Clerk, and the conveyance of
his remains to his late residence in Tennessee.
Mr. McLANE, of Maryland, moved that the
House proceed to the consideration of the business
on the Speaker's table. He stated that he made
the motion with the concurrence of the chairman
of the Committee of Ways aud Means [Mr.
Bayly ]
1 Pending this motion,
j On motion by Mr. SAWTELLE, theCommit-
| tee on Revolutionary Claims were discharged from
| the further consideration of th6 petitions of Peter
Hilton and John duinton, praying for pensions
t for revolutionary sei vices, and they were referred
to the Committee on Revolutionary Pensions.
TONNAGE DUTIES.
The question recurred on the motion of Mr.
! McLane, to proceed to the business on the Speak-
er's table.
Mr. JONES. I understand that debate will
be in aider.
