980
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
May 9.
Tne SPEAKER. The motion is to proceed
regularly. The Chair will state that there is a bill
of this House on the Speaker's table, which should,
in regular order, have been acted on before, but it
was 'misplaced, and therefore passed by when it
was in order. The question is on the passage of
the bill.
The title of the bill was reported, as follows:
44 A bill to continue in force an act therein men-
tioned in relation to the port of Baltimore."
Mr. McLANE, of Maryland, addressed the
Speaker, and was recognized. He proceeded to say
that this bill had been laid aside at the request of the
gentleman from New York, [Mr. Putnam.] That
gentleman was not present m Committee of the
Whole on the state of the Union, when he (Mr.
McL.) had made a biief explanation in regard to
the bill, upon which explanation the committee
had directed it to be reported to the House. He
begged the attention of the gentlemen of the House
for a single moment. It was a bill to continue in
force an act of the State of Maryland, which had
been continued from time to time 
Mr. PUTNAM here interposed, and claimed the
floor, having had it awarded to him when the bill
was lastunderconstderation. Hesaid hehadnoob-
jection to hearing the explanation of the gentleman
from Maryland, but he should object to the gen-
tleman's moving the previous question, as he did
not know but it was his design to do.
The SPEAKER sustamtd the claim of Mr.
Putnam to the floor, stating that he had awarded
it to the gentleman from Maryland, forgetting at
the moment that the gentleman from New York
was entitled to it.
Mr. PUTNAM accordingly took the floor, and
proceeded to address the House. Hesaid: The
bill under consideration has proceeded thus far
without having attracted much attention from
the members of the House. It was reported by
the chairman of the Committee on Commerce,
[Mr. McLane, of Maryland,] referred to the
Committee of the Whole on the state of the Union,
and received the special favor of the House, in
being made the order for a particular day. When
in Committee of the W hole, the honorable member,
after making a few remarks, not very distinctly
heard in the confusion of the House, moved that
the committee rise, and report the bill for its pass-
ege; and the motion was reauily carried. The
bill proposes to revive an act of Congress, passed
in 1800, declaring its assent to a certain legislative
act of the State of Maryland; but neither the act
of 1800, nor the bill befoie the House, gives us
any light on the subject of the law of Maryland,
or whataie Us paiticular provisions.
By examination, however, 1 find the law of
Maryland confers on the port-wardens of the port
of Baltimore, " full power and authority to assess,
* levy, and collect, on every vessel arriving at the
4 port of Baltimore, of sixty tons or more, a sum
i of money not exceeding two cents per ton." The
object of this revenue, thus levied upon the ship-
ping of the country, is, as 1 understand, the im-
provement of the harbor. No other harbor in the
Union has now the consent of Congress lor the
exercise of such a power; and no other one, I
hope, will ever ask it. She has enjoyed this right
since 1T90—some twelve or thuteen acts of Con-
gress having been passed, from time to tune, to
keep in force the law of Mar) land. It is time, in
my opinion, when u should cease to have tffcCi—
when this relic of the system of taxation winch
prevailed before the adoption of the Constitution,
should have an end. Rhode island and Georgia,
under similar State laws, also applied for the con-
sent of Congress in 1790. The former did not
ask its continuance after J800, and Georgia ceased
to ask the favor after 1828. The port of Balti-
more alone has the unenviable singularity of still
holding the power to collect a duty on every ves-
sel entering her port; whilst her shipping may
gratuitously ent^r every harbor in the Unioi . With
the power, she o£ course possesses the necessary
measures to enforce the collection of the duty;
and this involves the right, no doubt, of se zing
the vessel, distraining us lading, and, I appre-
hend, too, of a le^al pioceedmg against the com-
mandei—resulting, in case of non-payment of a
judgment, in the imprisonment ot his person.
Every vessel in the United Slates, which has
occasion to go into that harbor, is subject to pay
tribute-money, as the price of her entrance.
If, during the days of the Confederation and
when the Constitution was adopted, the city of ■
Baltimore then stood in need of foreign help to j
sustain her port, I think she has now arrived at ,
such a matuiity of commercial importance and ;
wealth that, with the aid she may receive from the
General Government in common with her sister
States, her pride should be as far above, as she is
beyond the necessity, of asking the further con-
tinuance of this exclusive legislation for her benefit.
Suppose the same power was granted to every
other harbor in the Union, it is not very difficult
to see how inconvenient to the shipping business
of the country would be the result.
Among the restrictions on the powers of Con-
gress is the following clause:
" No preference shall be given by any regulation of com-
merce, or revenue, 10 the ports of on  State over those of
another; nor s>ha!i vessels bound to or Irom one State, be
obliged to enter, clear, or pay duties in another,"
Our Government is one of checks and balances,
and in framing the Constitution, the permanent
peace and friendly relations of the Union were
studiously kept m view; and to this end it was im-
portant to impart like benefits and privileges to all
the States, and withhold such legislation as would
be deemed exclusive in its opeiation. Surely, le-
gislation for one State of privileges not granted to
each, would be calculated to excite prejudices, dis-
turb the harmony of the States, and endanger even
the well-being and safety of the Union. Hence
the clause referred to, restraining Congress from
giving a preference to the ports of one Siate over
those of another.
So palpably wrong, in the estimation of the
Convention, would suchasystemof taxation prove
in its operation among the States, and so embar-
rassing to the commercial interests, that the Con-
vention struck a blow at once at the very root of
the evil, and inteiposed this veto clause against
any such enactments by Congress. If this right
is to be exercised by any legislative body, it seems
to me that the whoie power to make and regulate
lules for the different States, would find a much
saf^r lodgment in the hands of Congress, than to
be held and exercised by the several States. In
I that case a more uniform and proper adjustment
j of a tariff of duties would prevail. Among the re-
; stricted powers of the States, however, we find
j the following clause;
I "No State shall, without the consent of Congress, lay
i any duty Of tonnage, kt-ep troops or ships ol wat m time of
! peace, enter into any agreement or compact with another
| State, nr with a foreign power, or engage in war, unless
'! actually invaded, or in such imminent danger as will not
, j admit of deirt)
! The several matters here coupled together are
!; of such a character as most clearly to exhibit the
' sense of the Convention touching the impropriety
of seldom (and never except under most pressing
circumstances) allowing the States to exercise any
' of the powers thus withheld by the Constitution.
Taking these two clauses of the Constitution
together, they can be reconciled in no other way,
j, or by no other mode of reasoning, perhaps, than
that the Convention saw fit to allow this privilege
to a State in extreme cases of necessity, or rather,
1 think, as a matter of constitutional compromise,
under circumstances which then existed.
During the days of the Confederation each State
. held exclusive power over us commerce, and it is
:j well known there was a string repugnance to the
' surrender of this power. The imposts and duties
; arising from us exercise in the States, added much
!i to their revenues. Perhaps there was not a stir-
/ render of any other prerogative enjoyed by the
  States under the Confederacy, that operated more
I: injuriously to the country at large, or the surren-
!j dtr of which was more conducive to its prosper-
ity. Mr. Madison, in his introduction to the de-
i| bates of the convention, says: "The want of a
ii * general power over commerce led to an exercise
|| ' of the powei separately by the States, which not
jj 4 only proved abortive, but engendered rival, con-
!S 'flicting, and angry regulations." And still, Mr.
; j Speaker, even now, at this period of our country '*
<\ commercial prosperity under the Federal system,
1 we are asked to perpetuate still longer this instance
: (and the only one of the kind remaining, I be-
iieve) of State power, which, in the opinion of
j! Mr. Madison, "engendered rival, conflicting, and
i| an^ry regulations."
,! What is there in the port of Baltimore—what
jj obstructions that make her an extreme case, m
jj that she should longer retain this city prerogative
ii overall the shipping of the country? The sand
may wash into her harbor, and so it does into al-
most evety other one in the country. In this she
is not singular above all other porta, and this can
form no good reason why the tax should longer
be continued. Other ports, for the same reason,
have equally strong claims.
But, Mr. Speaker, is it not more probable that
this clause of the Constitution obtained the favor
of the Convention as a matter of compromise,
growing out of the reluctance of the States to sur-
render the exercise of this power?
This is the more natural and legitimate inference,
and especially as the clause is wholly in conflict
with that which restrains Congiess from imposing
such s duty.
, The course of legislation, also, leads to the
same conclusion. The first act of Congress, giv-
ing its consent to the law of Maryland, was passed
August 11th, 1790, and continued for five months.
This short period of time strongly indicated the
sense of Congress on the subject. As this act was
about to expire, Congress again, in 1791, gave its
consent by an act which continued for "one year,
and until ihe end of the then next session of Con-
gress," but these were not the only words of lim-
itation. The word, "and no longer" were super-
added. Why was this language us*ed ? It was in
no way necessaiy to m«ke effectual the previous
clause of limitation, which was conclusive without
the words, 44 and no longer." They must, theie-
fore betoken some special reason, which, i con-
fess, 1 do not discover, except that they express
the intention of Congress to close, at an early
period, this partial legislation and theirdisapproval
of the measure. The next three acts of consent,
passed in 1792, 1796, and lbUO, have the same
words, "■ and no longer," annexed to the clause of
limitation. The sense of Congress was thus
clearly and early intimated as to the policy of the
measure.
Now, sir, if it were wise to restrain Congress
from pas-ing a law allowing the States to levy a
duty of tonnage, the same policy would withhold
consent from giving effect to any State law confer-
ring the same power.
But, sir, it may be asked, why oppose the pas-
sage of the bill?—it only injures Baltimore, to the
benefit of the commerce of other ports, as ship-
ping may avoid going there on account of the duty
levied upon the vessel? i answer, that this is
but a selfish, argument, a mere dollar and cent
view of the question. But it is not tiue that
vessels would avoid the port for such a reason.
Though the tax would be twelve dollars on a ves-
sel of six hundred tons burden, and at that rate
for more or less tonnage, this is too inconsider-
able a sum, however objectionable its exaction, to
cause a change, in the business operations of a
ji single voyage. Not one vessel less on that ac-
i! count would enter the port—not one more diiect
its course to some other. The continuance of this
State law upon her statute book, and the repeated
applications to Congress to give it eftect, furnish
the most satisfactory evidence, that the tax is not
prejudicial in any respect to the commercial in-
terests of Baltimore.
But again, sir, the entire Union is alike inter-
ested m the improvement of Us rivers and harbors,
it is unjust to confer upon one section or locality,
favors not given to another. Each pniuon, ac-
cording to its comparative wants ami importance,
is entitled to the fostering care and protective
policy of the Government. Why should Balti-
more be indulged in the exercise of a power which
every principle of equality must condemn? Why
not take a national position, ask no gratuity not
conferred upon other ports, and unite her influence
with otheis in behalf of such general improvements
of the rivers and harbors, as the com try, in all its
varied interests, impenously demands9 if she
stands in ne< d of an appropriation, give it to her;
but she ought not to ask this and be permitted
al^o to levy a contnbution upon every vessel en-
tering her harbor. Our political system is opposed
to a partial distribution of Government favors, and
!| hence the constitutional restraints of poweis,
;| among which is that of levying a duty of tonnage,
ii It wouid be a singular act of Congre&s, to allow a
lj State to keep troops or ships of war m time of
ii peace-, or to enter into a treaty or compact with a
!i foreign power, (which are restrictions on the pow-
j ers ot a Suue found in the same patagrnph that
I forbids a duty of tonnage,) but not more singu-
II Inr, m my opinion, than would be the passage of
