962
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
May 9,
ties. The basin and docks had become in process
of time the only harbor at which the commerce of
the city was conducted, and the tonnage duty of
which he had spoken, applied to all vessels which
entered that basin, whether they came from the
North or South, the East or West; whether they
■we're foreign or domestic vessels. The course of
trade had gone to that basin, but surely the House
wfruld not consider a tax upon that trade imposed
by the State of Maryland, a special privilege or
favor to the city of Baltimore. It was just the
opposite. If it were so, there might be something
in the objection of the gentleman from New
Hampshire, that this was a special favor granted
to the harbor of Baltimore, and therefore anti-
Democratic. These objections he (Mr. McL.) had
not considered worthy of note. AH he asked
was, that Congress should give its assent to the
act of Maryland, which taxed the commerce of
that State, to pay for special facilities extended by
the State to the identical commerce thus taxed.
No doubt the result had been very beneficial to the
commerce of the city of Baltimore. No better an-
swer could be suggested to the objectons which
had been urged in this bill than the fact, that Bal-
timore had risen in commercial importance under
its operation—conclusive proof that the facilities
afforded by these local improvements were fully
worth, the tax imposed upon those who enjoyed
them. It was idle to impeach the constitution-
ality of this law in letter or spirit, for it was not
only provided for in express terms in the Consti-
tution, but the Supreme Court had affirmed it.
. It was worthy of the attention of the House,
that the State of Maryland originally appropriated
money to aid the city of Baltimore in the con-
struction of this harbor, and for keeping it m re-
pair, Some years ago, he did not recollect pre-
cisely how many, the State appropriation was with-
drawn, and diverted to another charge against the
State, the city taking upon herself the whole bur-
den of keeping it in order.
He hoped the constitutional objection would not
be entertained, and he hoped the House would not
confound these tonnage duties which were im-
posd for this local purpose, with any system, as
suggested here, for the improvement of rivers and
harbors. The State of Maryland, with the view
of keeping this artificial harbor in a suitable con-
dition, found it necessary to ask the consent of
Congress to lay this tonnage duty. But as he had
before said, he did not feel at liberty to detain the
House by ertering further into the discussion.
Mr. HOUSTON said he would state, for the sat-
isfaction of the gentleman from Maryland, that
he did not know that he should vote against this
bill, although a portion of his constituents were
interested in the question. He was not prepared
to say that there was any particular objection to
the bill entertained on the part of those whom he
represented, who were taxed for the benefit of
this harbor, by means of the tonnage duty hereto-
fore levied. But it occurred to him that the pro-
viso in the bill was objectionable, and he desired
to know from the gentleman from Maryland, why
it was that this proviso was embraced in the bill.
He could not very well understand why all the
vessels propelled by steam, and intended for the
transportation of passengers alone, should be ex-
empt from the payment of the duty, while vessels
of smaller tonnage were subjected to the payment
of duty, unless it were intended to operate for the
benefit of the ship-owners of Baltimore alone, at
the expense of the ship-owners of Delaware, con-
stantly navigating the harbor of Baltimore. If
the small craft navigating the Chesapeake were
to be taxed whilst the larger vessels were allowed
to go free, he should feel constrained to object to
the bill. He could see no good reason why the
noble steamers navigating those waters, should
be exempted—why those vessels employed in the
transportation of passengers, should not be re-
quired to pay this tonnage duty as well as the
small craft.
Mr. McLANE said, that he could only state to
the gentleman m reply, that this was a tax that
was imposed on vessels coming from Delaware in
common with those coming frora all other pans of
the United States. It was a tax upon the ship
owners of Baltimore as well as upon those of other
places whose vessels entered the harbor of Balti-
more—applying: to all vessels above a certain ton-
nage, sixty tons burden, he believed; and he ap-
prehended that many of the Delaware vessels
entering the harbor of Baltimore would be found
to fall below the prescribed limit, and that vessels
from abroad, as well as those owned in Baltimore,
were all alike exempted, and for the same reason.
Mr. HOUSTON remarked that there were few-
vessels belonging to Delaware of less tonnage than
sixty tons.
Mr. McLANE said, he had no disposition to
place at any disadvantage Delaware vessels. With
the explanation that he had already made in refer-
ence to the bill, he would content himself, and ask
for the previous question.
Mr. SCHENCK was understood to ask the
withdrawal of the demand for the previous ques-
tion, to enable him to say a few words.
The demand was not withdrawn.
And the question having been taken thereon, the
vote stood, ayes 47, noes 70.
Mr. BAYLY asked for tellers, who were re-
fused.
So the House refused to second the demand for
the previous question.
Mr. SCHENCK said he desired to make some
remarks, but he would not detain the House many
minutes. At the time when he interrupted the
gentleman from Maryland, he understood the ar-
gument which the gentleman was making was to
this effect, that there was an artificial harbor
which had been constructed in the city of Balti-
more, the metropolis of the State of Maryland,
standing precisely in the same position in relation
to that ctty, as any basin constructed at the private
cost of an individual would be the property of such
individual; and that the State had a right to im-
pose such tonnage duties on all vessels entering
the port of Baltimore as were necessary to keep the
harbor in good condition. Now, if this was a true
view of the case, why was it necessary to come
here and ask for the consent of Congress to do this?
If this basin was private property, and it appeared
to him to be as much so as if it belonged to a
private corporation, why was it necessary to come
and ask for the assent of Congress ? The gentle-
man fron* Maryland had endeavored to explain
away this view, but his explanation was extended
to so great length that ne (Mr. S.) could not
clearly distinguish the purport of his explanation.
He desired to make a very few remarks on the
subject of the bill itself. The gentleman from
Maryland seemed to think that the gentleman
; from New York, [Mr. Putnam,] and the gentle-
j man from New Hampshire, [Mr. Tuck,] had not
thrown out any arguments which called for any
particular attention or reply from him. The gen-
tleman from Maryland was doubtless so famiiiar
with the subject, m all its phases, that nothing
said by those gentlemen was new to him. But
their remarks, he (Mr. S.) confessed, had made
an impression on his mind. They had both suc-
ceeded in showing that the passage of this bill,
imposing tonnage duties on a particular port for
the improvement of its harbor, would be to sanc-
tion the commencement of a system injurious in
its operation to the interests of other commercial
sea-ports; and that, if we are to have any system
of internal improvements, and the repairs of our
harbors, it ought to be by direct appropriations.
And these gentlemen, who had thus put the ques-
tion in its true light, were entitled to the thanks of
the House for bringing to its notice the true
character of this bill, and present it in a shape
which must satisfy every true friend of the system
of internal improvement, that it ought to be re-
jected.
This bill related to be a very old matter. It
appears that from the year 1790 up to this time,
the city of Baltimore has had, from time to time,
the consent of Congress hitherto to impose these
duties, and application was now made that this
consent should be again given. What was there
in the case which rendered this bill deserving of
so much favor? It is a bill to iay tonnage duties
on all vessel coming into the port of Baltimore
for the purpose of keeping up the harbor. Now,
he contended that it was necessary, in order to
keep our harbors m a proper condition, that we
should have a general system—to say nothing of
our rivers—and that this system should be uniform
in its operation throughout the whole of the United
S'ates, and should be sustained by direct appro-
priations from the public Treasury. But if wc
are to have a system of tonnage duties, and are to
keep up our harbors in that way, there was the
same obligation upon us to make them equal and
uniform in their operation;, and it appeared to
him, that if we are to keep up our harbors, the
true mode was to take the means out.of the Treas-
ury, and so distribute them as that they should
operate uniformly throughout th.e country.
If we are hereafter to protect the commercial
inteiests of the country, whether inland or on the
seaboard, they ought to be sustained by one
and the same process in all parts of the country.
Had he no other objection, therefore, to this bill, he
should consider that he was ri^ht in opposing it,
because its object was to keep up a single harbor
by means of this tonnaee duty on all the vessels
of the other States of the Union; or else it would
impose on Congress the necessity of applying the
same system to all the other States, and of keep-
ing up the whole of the harbors of the United
Sfates by the imposition of these tonnage du'ies.
A gentleman from Alabama said that this was the
proper mode. He knew that this was the view
of those gentlemen who opposed our present sys-
tem of internal improvement. And he knew also
that such was the ground taken by the late Ex-
ecutive, Mr. Polk, in the message accompanying
his veto of the river and harbor bill in justifica-
tion of that measure.
Here was a bill pressed on Congress to give
the consent of the Government to an act of the
State of Maryland, authorizing the imposition of
tonnage duties on all vessels entering the port of
Baltimore—introduced, evidently, for the purpose
of dodging those objections to the general system
of internal improvement, and thus securing in its
favor the votes of those who would vote against
any improvements in our harbors presented to them
in any other form. He did not mean to he under-
stood, however, as asserting that all gentlemen
who voted for this bill would be found voting
against a general bill for the improvement of river3
and harbors. But it was very evident that the
passage of this bill would open a way for the in-
troduction of a new system of improvement, under
the auspices of the General Government, and m a
mode which would be inconsistent with the inter-
ests of all our other harbots.
The gentleman from Maryland had told the
House that the only other entrance into the port
of Baltimore was through the Patapsco river, the
mouth of which was filled up with mud, and that
if vessels did not enter by this channel there would
be no harbor there at all. So it appeared, (hen, that
there is no natural harbor in Baitimore, but that
the city makes an artificial haibor, and taxes all
vessels coming hither for the purpose of keeping
it up. The gentleman from Maryland admits that
there is no natural harbor there, nothing but an
artificial harbor.
Mr. McLANE (Mr. Schexck yielding for the
purpose of explanation) stated that lie moM cer-
tainly had not said *o. What he had said was, that
below the basin there was a natural harbor, into
which as well as into the other arms of the Pa-
tapsco, vessels could enter without being subjected
to these duties; but that the city had made an arti-
ficial harbor of this basin.
Mr. SCHENCK, resuming, said he should like
to be informed, then, whether this was private
property or not? Did not vessels which entered
into this harbor made above the basin pay dockage,
in the same way in which vessels paid dockage
when they came up to private docks'
Mr. McLANE (Mr. S. yielding) explained that
this basin came in and gutted the city, bounding
the surrounding lands. Individuals owning the
property there, come there and construct a wharf
or wharves, and there could be no doubt that ves-
sels coming up to these wharves paid wharfage.
And that they would have to do whether there
was a natural or an artificial harbor. But he did
not see how this fact could be brought to bear
on the question of tonnage dnucs, Lud for the
maintenance and preservauon of the basin and
haibor, around which these whar\es were built.
Mr. SCHENCK, (resuming ) It appears, then,
thdt this harbor is like every other harbor.
Mr. FOWLER desired to put a question. Is
this tonnage duty impoc-ed on all vessels entering
the harbor, or only on such as enter the br^in?
Mr. McLANE. 1 distinctly stated before, that
it is only imposed on vessels entering the basin,
which has, as 1 said before, become the d^pot of
all the commerce of the port,  nd may be called,
if you choose, the harbor of Baltimore,
Mr. SCHENCK resumed. He understood,
