1850.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
2057
sectional floating; dock, large enough to float our
largest vessels, may be divided into different sec-
tions, and may take in merchant vessels—two or
three of them at the same time. But I do not think
that is the true answer. The true answer is, that
the repairs made upon our merchant vessels are
completed in a very few days—at furthest in a very
few weeks. I venture to say that an inspection of
our docks in the city of New York, upon which
our merchant vessels are repaired, wilt show that
the ships did not remain there on an average more
than one week. If this be true, then the objection
of the Senator from Maryland has no weight in it;
for the arrangement under this -section would be
one from which the Government would "Sustain no
loss or injury, ft is simply a proposition that the
Secretary of the Navy shall be allowed to authorize
certain persons, who shall give proper security,
to use their dock, when the Government shall not
want to use it, in repairing our merchant marine,
on our coast near California. If we had a different
method of repairing our vessels, it might be inju-
rious, but still I do not know but that even upon
the Atlantic coast it might be a good plan to con-
tract for the docks to be kept in repair, and thus
save expense to the Government. It may not be
adopted here; but upon that distant coast, where
there are none of the additional improvements for
repairing that we have here, where there are such
vast fleets of our merchantmen, it would be best
to retain it. I do trust that this is a part of the
bill that will commend itself to the judgment of
every man who feels in his heart—who will de di-
rected in his course by those interests which will
protect our commerce in those distant seas.
Mr. GWIN. I wish to say a word that may
remove the objections of the Sepator from Mary-
land. The aiea of the Norfolk dock—two hundred
and ten by sixty feet—is twelve thousand six hun-
dred square feet. The California dock is proposed
to be three hundred and fifty by ninety feet—the
same size of the dock at Pensacola, of an area of
thirty-one thousand five hundred square feet, or
nearly three times as large as the Norfolk dock,
and can take in it thirteen ships of the largest size
at the same time. ,
Mr. YULEE. Why, that is the most aston-
ishing statement I ever heard in the world.
Mr. GWIN. i have it from the chairman of
the Committee on Naval Affairs.
Mr. YCJLEE. I will explain the matter to the
honorable Senator, for it is certainly the most won-
derful statement ever made. Whv  everybody
knows that the floating dock—the floating struc-
ture—can only take up one vessel at a time. Why,
everybody who has seen them knows that. I will
tell you, however, what they propose. They pro-
pose, as a scheme which has never yet been tried,
to make railways.
Mr. HALE Will the honorable Senator allow
me to tell him that I have seen two vessels upon a
dock at the same time myself?
Mr. YULEE. The Senator may have seen two
small vessels upon a large dock.
Mr. HALE They were merchantmen.
Mr. YULEE. Very well; they were probably
small merchantmen. But it is proposed to build
railways of sufficient size to take these vessels out
of the water, for it is impossible for any other than
a naval vessel to be got up in a sectional or any
other dock; it is out of the question. Everybody
who knows anything about it knows that a vessel
must extend nearly the whole length of the dock,
and it would be impossible for another vessel to be
got in at the same time. But to get thirteen ves-
sels upon it at the same time, they have a scheme
of railways, as they call it. They propose to have
railways, and then transfer the vessels from the
floating dock on to these railways, and if they
succeed in that they may be able to take thirteen
vessels upon that. Now, that is an e/itire matter
of experiment, and it is very doubtful whether it
can be done at all, or safely done. It is certain
that wc would be unwilling to tru«t one of our
heavy ships of the navy upon such a structure. If
they make a railway, it must be a marine railway,
intended to answer all the purposes of a floating
dock. That is what they mean when they say
they can accommodate more than one vessel.
The Senate will perceive how true and how right
is the objection made.by the Senator from Mary-
land. Yery often it may be necessary for the pub-
lic interest that a vessel, with all her guns, her 1
armament, and ammunition on board, be taken
into a dock for the purpose of stopping a leak
which is suddenly discovered. She may betaken
into a stone dock, and the repairs made, and she
be sent off to sea without unloading her armament
and provisions, and it is to be hoped that it may
be done in this floating dock. But it cannot be
done if a merchant vessel is in the dock, and you
have to wait for her to be finished. It is proposed,
however, to take that merchant vessel out on the
railway. Now, this is to be done only by the ap-
plication of very great pQwer; and it is very cer-
tain that the owners of these private vessels, when
they once get into the dock, are not going to allow
their vessels to run the risk of a transfer upon these
railways. This matter of railway is a mere mat-
ter of experiment.
Mr. COOPER. I have one word to say in re-
gard to the argument of the Senator from Maine,
which, it seems to me, is a most extraordinary
one—viz: that a merchant vessel requires but a
little time to repair. Now, it is known to every
one that many of our merchant vessels are as large
as those vessels which compose our fleets. They
often want as much and as thorough repair as the
vessels composing our national marine, and they
require just as much time to repair. Now, it is
not so that thirteen or fourteen vessels can be
docked and repaired at once; and you have only to
refer to the statement made by the Senator from Cal-
ifornia to see that it is impossible. He states the
Noriolk dock to be two hundred and ten feet long
by sixty feet wide. Now, do we not all know
that one of our first class packet ships would be all
that could be taken into one of th' se docks at one
time ? They are often one hundred and eighty feet
long, and thirty, and perhaps more than thirty feet
wide; and it would be impossible to take in more
than one in such a dock as the one at Norfolk.
Now, this is the objection that is urged against
having these docks open to private vessels, i have
no kind of hesitation in doing everything that can
be properly done in order to facilitate commerce,
and to give to those engaged in commerce all the
facilities that are requisite. But, sir, suppose a
ship wanting large repairs were to be docked for
the purpose of repairs—I mean one of our private
vessels—could it be removed for a national vessel
that required repairs? In certain circumstances,
where the repairs might be trifling, it might give
place to a national ship if ihe repairs were neces-
sary to it. But it might be m such a state that it
could not be displaced for any such purpose. Now,
I do not kr.ow that the Government i3 bound to
provide facilities of this kind for private vessels at
the expense of national vessels. All that may be
done without prejudicing the national vessel^ may
be properly done; but beyond that we ought not
to go. I am willing that they should receive all
the incidental advantages they can from* this or
any other appropriation; but 1 am not willing that
the national Treasury should be made bankrupt m
order to advance the fortunes of private individ-
uals. It is not so at all, that a great number of
these vessels can be docked at the same time.
Several small vessels might be, but not large ves-
sels.
Mr. SEWARD. The argument in favor of
strikmgout this portion proceeds upon twogrounds
—one that the United States have not as high a
responsibility to discharge towards the mercantile
marine, and the other that it has not as much in-
terest in the mercantile marine a? it has m the
national marine. Now, I understand it to be the
duty of the United States to regulate commerce,
and that the Government is charged with the re-
sponsibility of providing all that is necessary for
the repair of vessels on the Pacific, as well of the
commercial as of the national marine. It certainly
has as high an interest in it; for it connects itself j
immediately with the revenue of the country, upon \
which the Government depends for its subsistence. |
If this be so, then it is right for Congress—there i
being no other provision for the merchant marine |
—to open their dry dock, for that purpose, espe- :
cially if it can be done without serious inconve- |
nience to the public marine. Now, we know the j
fact that there is'no such provision there for the j
merchant marine; and is there any immediate pros- j
pect that there will be one established by pri-;
vate enterprise? What, then, will be the conse-•;
quence of refusing the advantages of this dock to |
our merchant vessels ? Not only our commerce!
on the Pacific cost, but with China, is deprived of •
the benefits growing out of such an establishment |
on the Pactfic ocean. Vessels coming from China
^re obliged, if wanting repairs, to go around Cape
Horn to be repaired, and if they are not in a con-
dition to make the voyage they are lost. It is
therefore, it seems to me, an indispensable neces-
sity to provide such an establishment on the.Pa-
cific coast. These vessels may well enough navi-
gate the placid Pacific, but could not endure the
voyage around the Horn. Then it seems to
me that the only question which is presented is
whether sufficient care is taken in this bill to pro-
vide that public vessels shall have the preference!
1 cannot imagine how that could be provided for
more'strongly than it is in the last clause of the
section, viz:
"Wii«n not occupied by vessels of the navy, to which
prefr-renee shall at all times be given."
Now, I submit that those who are opposed to
this provision are bound to submit some other
form of words to secure the same preference, and
that is all which is necessary.
The question being then taken on the amend-
ment, it was lost—yeas 23, nays 25; as follow:
YEAS—Messrs. Atchison, Badgpr, Barnwell, Berrien,
Brigln, Cooper, Davis of MHss-aehu-ett*, Davis of Mississippi,
Dawson, Dayton, Dodge of Inwn, Downs, Hunter, King,
Mason, Morton, Pearce, Pratt, Spiuanee, Turney, Walker.
Wimoomb, and Yulye—*<>3.
NAYS—M^sns. Baldwin, Benton, Cass, Chase, Dif kin-
sgiijEwinii, Foot*1, Fr&nont, Greene, Gwm, Halo, fiamitn,
Hou.-ton, Jones, Mangum, Norns, Ru>k, Seward, Shields,
Smith, SouI6, Sturgeon, Wales, and Wmtlirop—25.
FLOGGING IN THE NAVY.
Mr. MASON. The Senator from North Caro-
lina, [Mr. Badger,] a member of the Committee
on Indian Affairs, prepared an amendment, which
I offer in'his absence at his request—to strike out
lines 110 and HI, as follow:
" Provided, That floaging in the navy b'1, and the same is
hereby, abolished from and after the passage of tins act."
The subject was somewhat discussed at a form-
er session of Congress, and a very decided vote
taken in the Senate against abolishing thaj rule of
the service. Now, I wish to say to the Senate
that a vast number of memorials were sent to the
Naval Committee from some of the eastern States
on this subject, and I think some from the State
particularly represented by the Senator from New
Hampshire, over the way.
Mr. HALE, (in his seat.) A very few.
Mr. MASON. The committee took the sub-
ject very early into consideration, and requested
the Secretary of the Navy to issue circulars and
diffuse.them as far as practicable among the naval
and commercial marine, for the purpose of obtain-
ing information upon this subject, in the hope that
when a report is made upon it the sound public
mind of the country will be satisfied that it will he
found utterly impolitic and ruinous to the service
to abolish flogging in the navy, and in hopes that
the Naval Committee will have it in their power
to furnish such a report—such a work as was fur-
nished upon a kindred subject, the abolition of the
Sunday .mail. Thp committee will not be able,
however, to furnish any more proof for the. pres-
ent; and until that is done it will be highly inex-
pedient to make this regulation. I am informed
by naval officers, corroborated by testimony now
in the possession of the Nfjval Committee, and it
is also corroborated by the experience of all the
navies in the world, th t it would be utterly im-
practicable to have an efficient navy without this
mode of punishment. I hope, therefore, that the
Senate will strike out this provision.
• Mr. HALE. This subject, in various ways,
has been before the two Houses of Congress ever
since I first had the honor of a seat in either House
—some seven years ago. I hold if! mv hand an
executive document, (No. 51,) of date February 8,
1849, in which the results of the system for three
years are given to us, with the name of every man,
and the punishment inflicted; and the continued
cry from the Naval Committee, from the time thai
this subject was first broached to the present, has
been, we have not had time enough to examine it.
The naval bill has generally been brought up at
the close of the session, and then the committee
say they have not had quite time enough. Well,
sir, in addition to these facts, which have been
laid upon our tables and printed for the last three
years, making returns which are printed, I hold m
my hand a book which may be called "The Chron-
icles of the Cat-o'-nine^ails," published by your
order; and with this evidence'accumulating upon
your tables every year, the Naval Committee yet
