2058
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
tell us that they have not had time enQugh to con-
sider and digest a plan for its^ubstitution. Well,
sir, this report shows this singular fact, that the
great argument that the advocates of the cat-o'-
mne-tails used upon this floor, that if you put a
ship out at sea you must invest the commander
with absolute power, or he could not be able to
command his ship—this argument has been based
wholly upon the necessity arising from the ur-
gency of the case, that the ship is at sea; yet I find
from this report that the report of the receiving
ship Pennsylvania, which has not been at sea, but
has been lying at the wharves within protection,
and where no such necessity prevails—that report
shows this astonishing state of things: In 1846, by
the returns of the ship Pennsylvania, fifty-five
men. on shore—that is, in this receiving ship, where
this necessity does not exist which exists at sea—
were subjected to this degrading and brutal punish-
ment of the cat-o'-nine-tails. Fifty-five men!—a
little more than one a week. Now, what was the
result of that discipline upon that crew for the year
1846? Why, they improved so well under it, that
the captain found it necessary, in the year 1847,
to inflict the cat-o'-nine-tails one hundred and fifty-
one times, or three times a week ! More requires
more—fifty-five in one year, and one hundred and
fifty-one in th j, next! Well, sir, what improve-
ment did the crew exhibit after being subjected .to
this discipline for two years—once a week for the
first year, and three times a week for the next?
Why, in 1848 1 find that the captain deemed it
necessary to inflict the same punishment two hun-
dred and thirty-nine times ! Well, sir, that shows
the effect of this discipline. It is said also that it
is only a few skulking, cowardly rascals, that will
not do the work, that get this flogging. Now,
look through this book, and you will find all the
names that are recorded in these "chronicles,"
and you will hardly find one recorded twice. Let
me read a few to show how they go.
[Here the honorable Senator read from a list of
names'Svhich the Reporter was unable to obtain.]
You will find hardly a name that is repeated. It
would seem that it was necessary to eo through
the crew before they began the second time. So
that that remark as to the " cowardly, skulking
rascals" is not true, for the record shows that it is
not true. I think, if there was time, the Senate
would be amused to see the crimes for which this
crew were punished. I find one here for which a
considerable company, a considerable portion of
the crew, were punished, and I will tell you what
it was for; it was for stealing champagne. "[Laugh-
ter.] They were flogged most outrageously for
that. It seems as* if that was the unpardonable
sin for which there was no forgiveness here or
hereafter. [Laughter.] Well, sir, L apprehend
that the fact will be found that the necessity for
the continuance of this brutalizing system results
from the fact that there is too much champagne in
the cabin. [Laughter.] Take that away from the
cabin, and you will not need so much of the cat-
o'-nine-tails in the forecastle.
Sir, how has this thing been received by the
House of Representatives? Constantly by an
overwhelming and increasing majority. Year after
year have they listened to the movings of an en-
lightened humanity upon this subject, and year af-
ter year has this Senate stood here as the bulwark
of the cat-o'-nine-tails. I do trust that the time
has now come when we aie about to assume an-
other position; that we will not throw ourselves
as a stumbling-block in the way of thejtdvances
of the humanity of the age m which we live.
have been engaged now nearly the whole session
for interests#of another character, and for those
that are subjected to a discipline of another kind;
and I do ask that, when we have done so much to
heal the " bleeding wounds" of a violated Consti-
tution, the Senate of the United States will not
consent that the bleeding wounds of the lacerated
backs of the white citizens of this republic shall be
longer submitted to this brutalizing punishment. I
do hope that this Senat#will not be the refuge and
hiding-place of the cat-o'-nine-tails any longer.
Why should we put it off any longer? Why de-
lay it longer ? What do the Committee on Naval
Affairs tell us that they mean to do ? Do they
mean to discontinue this practice?* No, sir; they
tell us that they only want time to*hunt up a re-
port to give the public an excuse for not abolishing
it. Well, we have waited long enough—year af-
ter year, and year after year, to the reproach of
Sept.- 2§,
the country in which we live: to the reproach
of the civilization and the Christianity of the day,
has the Senate of the United States interposed it-
self for the preservation of this relic of barbarity.
Now, I do hope that the Senate will vote down
this amendment proposed to this bill; that they
will not consent to amend it in that feature which,
in my .judgment, more than everything else in the
bill, commends it to our favor. I am willing to
say now and here, that if the alternative was pre-
sented to me to lose every other section and word
and letter of the bill and pave this, or to lose this and
save the rest, I could not hesitate a moment; for I
believe that we should do more, vastly more, for
the benefit of our constituents, for the benefit of
our country, and for our national gl >ry and repu-
tation, by enacting the proviso which is now pro-
posed to be stricken out, than by any bill which
will be adopted at this late day of the session.
But I will not occupy any more time upon the sub-
ject at preterit.
Mr. DAWSON. Before the question is taken,
I desire to know whether any of the sailors have
petitioned Congress for the purpose of repealing
this law; whether the more intelligent and law-
abiding and proper-deportment people on our ves-
sels are not in favor of this kind of punishment;
whether the moral portion of our seamen, or rather
of our navy, are not in favor decidedly of having
this punishment continued, and those men who
fail to discharge their duty flogged into a discharge
of it. If you abolish this law, the.triflmg, low,
and disorderly sailor will be unwilling to discharge
his duty; and if you punish him by confinement,
it will only be a pleasure and comfort to him, and
thereby you increase the labor to be performed on
the part of those who conform to the requisitions
of the Navy. Has the gentleman from New
Hampshire presented any other plan by which the
navy can be governed? What punishment will
you substitute for the sailors on board ship ? Other
corporal* punishments, or death?—for you have
not abolished hanging, which is a much more
serious punishment than flogging. And if hanging
is to be kept as one of the punishments, the con-'
sequence will be that you will increase the number
who will be punished by condign punishment
more than you will diminish it.
Mr. President, the whole experience of our
navy and the desire of hundreds of ships is for
the continuation of thts law; and the impression
of the Senator from New Hampshire, founded
upon what he supposes to be philanthropy, is
wrong m fact. If you do not keep subordination
in the navy, those who violate their duty will re-
duce the character of those who necessarily asso-
ciate with them. I shall vote in favor of striking
out this amendment.
Mr.. YULEE. I wish to say a very few words
upon this matter. 1 think it is very proper that I
should explain the motion made by my colleague
upon the committee. The Senator from New
Hampshire is mistaken in his impression as to the
history of this matter. There have been spas-
modic ebullitions, both of eloquence and passion,
in the two Houses, for several years past, upon this
matter; but it never assumed a shape which called
for ac ion until this session. At the last session
there was an amendment sent here from the House
similar to this; and it was stricken out by the
Senate, with the general understanding that at this
session the Committee on Naval Affairs would take
up the subject, examine it, and report upon it.
The subject has been referred in a formal way, in
a way to attract attention, at this session. A great
number of memorials from the New England
States, New York, and Pennsylvania—printed
memorials which have been circulated—fell into
the committee. As stated by the Senator from
Virginia, a member of the committee, we took
early measures for obtaining such information as
would enable us to give to the Senate a matured
judgment upon the subject, and such intelligence
as would enable us to act unon this important
question of discipline with ullregard for the in-
terests of the service.
The history of this service, as the Senate is quite
aware, has prevented our digesting the mass of
materials which came into our hands in time for
action now. All that we propose is, that it shall
be separated from this connection, in which it does
not belong, in order that at the next session we
may take up the subject upon its merits, and may
act qpon it judicio.usly and finally.
There is a reason connected with the remarkable
juxtaposition of the proviso as it stands in the hill,
which will at once show the propriety of striking
it out. It reads in this way:
"For transportation of the United States mail between
New York and Liverpool, between New Yoik and New
Orleans, Havana, and Chagres, and between Panama arid
some points in the Territory of Oregon, $874,600: Provided.
I hat no payment shall be made for said service, except in
proportion to the mail service heretofore performed, or that
may be hereafter performed; and that the Secretary of the
Navy i* hereby directed to make payment in said proportion
only: Froyideij, That flogging in the navy be, and the same
is hereby, abolished from and after the passage of this act."
There is a private appropriation tocarryouta
contract, and before the appropriation can be made,
the Secretary of the Navy must wait until the year
is out to know whether a man has been flogged in
the navy; and if there has been, he can pay out no
part of this money.
But I wish to say a very few words with regard
to the merits of this matter. There seems to be a
great misapprehension upon this subject. There
is no regulation now existing which authorizes
flogging in the navy, itns not a punishment which
rests upon a law of Congress to give it authority
in the Navy Department. It is a part of the dis-
cipline on board ship. It rests upon the authority
of the commanders, which operates as well on
board the commercial marine as in the navy. It
is unlimited in respect to the commercial marine,
but has been limited with great care by the regula-
tions heretofore adopted by Congress, and other
regulations issued by the department upon its own
authority. It is limited to a degree to which the
same practice in our merchant service is not lim-
ited; because there it is limited only bg the discre-
tion of the courts, and here it is limited by express
enactments to protect the seamen from the abuse of
a practice which the immemorial law of every
commercial country has introduced on board the
ships at sea. The law rests thts punishment upon
the same ground upon which it rests that punish-
ment as inflicted by the parent upon his child, by
the teacher upon his pupil, and by the master upon'
his apprentice. It rests it upon necessity—upon
the necessary subordination and discipline which
involve the lives and safety of all on board, and all
the property intrusted to their care.
Now, sir, inasmuch as the practice of the navy
connects itself indispensably with the commercial
practice, and inasmuch as it will be necessary to
legislate in reference to that at the same time, the
jurisdiction of Congress covering the commercial
marine as well as the naval marine, I addressed
circulars to the representatives of the commercial
interests of the country, and to the organs of that
interest in the commercial associations of thecoun-
try. The result has been that they unanimously,
in all the ports in which there has been any foreign
commerce, condemn the attempt to change the
practice as now observed on board ship, and as
sustained by the courts, as fraught with the great-
est danger to the commercial interests of the coun-
try. If we go into a port of New England, from
which a vast number of these memorials have
come, we shall find that they have been sent by
persons who know nothing of the effect of the re-
form of which they speak. I sought from the
Senator from Massachusetts, who sits on the other
side the furthest from me, [Mr. Davis,] the intelli-
gence of the opinions of the great body of the
commercial classes there with regard to the aboli-
tion of corporal punishment in the navy and in
the commercial marine. In reply he gave to me
the name of the " Boston Marine Society/' which
is composed of old shipmasters, who have become
disconnected with the service at sea, and who rep-
resent the commercial and admiralty interests of
the navigating marine of that section of the coun-
try. Here is the reply. I wrote to them, because
the Senator from Massachusetts informed me that
I could get the best and most reliable information
from them, as they were the most experienced
upon the subject. They have all risen from the
condition ofnars; for it is well known that cap-
tains all rise from the condition and pass through
the discipline of tars. They do not enter by the
cabin windows, but by the port-holes. Theagent
of that society, whom I addressed, writes me to
this efFect:
"i have brought your communication to the notice and
consideration of the board of trustees, who concur  n the
belief that the interests ot navigauon and commerce would
he placed in no smalt peril if corporal punishment were
to be legally forbidden," &c 
