1850.
THE CONGRESSIONAL ©LOBl.
2$8§
Mr. HALE., Who is that signed by ?
Mr. YULEE. By " Richard Soule, president
of the Boston Marine Society, and chairman of.
the Board of Trustees." I have also information
from chambers of commerce and from a variety of
sources. We have taken pains to procure infor-
mation from the best sources—the opinions of sea-
men in the navy—and the result to which our in-
formation brings us is, that the intelligent, and
faithful, and honest portion of the seamen in the
navy are opposed to the abolition of corporal
punishment, as a means by which the skulkers
would be able to throw uppn the .good men all the
labors of the voyage, and all the fatigue, hazard,
and exposure. It is probable that the committee
will be able—indeed I know it is the intention of
the committee to recommend further restrictions
and certain modifications. We have obtained in-
formation of the pratice as it exists in all the na-
vies of the world, and we shall be able to throw
before the Senate and the country an amount of
information which will be eminently useful. There
is very little time now to spare; and we ask, for
the sake of the important branch of the service
which may be very much jeoparded and injured
by injudicious and hasty legislation, that this pro-
viso may be stricken out, which may very well
be done, if upon no other ground, upon this, that
it is connected with an appropriation to which it
does not belong, and which it would defeat, if
permitted to remain as it stands now.
Mr. HAMLIN. Mr. President 
Mr. HUNTER. Will the Senator permit me
to say that we shall probably have to act upon
the appropriation bill during the time left between
this and twelve o'clock to-ni°;ht? I desire to vote
upon the amendment by stiiking out the proviso.
Mr. HAMLIN. That is the very thing J wish
to prevent. 1 will detain the Senate but a moment.
I have taken a great deal of pains to investigate this
matter; and if it were not at the.eve of the session,
1 should certainly inflict a speech upon the Senate,
but I will not now. I wish, however, to reply very
briefly to what fell from the honorable Senator
from Georgia, [Mr. Dawson,] and also to what
has been said by the honorable Senator from Flor-
ida, [Mr. Yulee.] The honorable Senator from
Georgia makes the inquiry, Who are the individ-
uals in the community who are in favor of the
abolition of the system of flogging in the navy r
I answer, for those whom I represent, they em-
brace all classes; all creeds in religion; all parties
in politics; from those who are least up to those
who are most intelligent of any men found in our
community. They ask it. They look upon it, as
1 do, as being a reproach that any man should
stand up, at this age of the world, and demand
corporal punishment at this day. Such is the
feeling of that community; and it is a feeling in
which I participate, i admit that I am actuated by
these feelings—feelings which prevail in the com-
munity in which I reside. Scourge an Amer-
ican citizen in this age of the world, as if the best
road to reach his heart was from the end of the
cat-o'nine-tails! No, sir. In the section of the
country where I reside we certainly have no belief
in its necessity, and have no sympathy in its in-'
fliction.
There have been tl spasmodoc efforts," says
the Senator from Florida, to break off this sys-
tem. Spasmodic, indeed ! it was in the House,
when, by a majority of about 130, I think, upon
the yeas and nays, this provision was incorpora-
ted jn this bill.
Another objection is, that the proviso is con-
tingent upon another thing. To that I have no
answer. Certainly it is not contingent upoi) it;
for the bill provides that the thing shall be done,
and not upon the contingency named in the pre-
ceding part of the section—nothing like it.
I am justified in sayipg that some of the oldest
and most valiant officers who ever fought under
the stars and stripes have told us clearly and dis-
tinctly that this odious relic of barbarism- should
be swept from our law—Commodore Stewart, than
whom a more gallant and patriotic man does not
live in the Union. *
Mr. YULEE (in his seat.) We have a commu-
nication from Commodore Stewart which is not
so unqualified.
Mr. HAMLIN. Idonotwishto make it un-
qualified. Then we are told that this is not the
proper place for it; we must strike it out because
this is not the proper bill. You will never find i
the proper bill or the proper occasion. The only
way to reach that abuse is to put the remedy m
sotiie bill where we shall have some aid in carry-
ing it_ through to prevent the opposition which
there is against it. But I think the Senator from
Florida is entirely wrong when he refers to other
nations. I have not the memorandum with me
which I made upon a full examination of this
matter, but I am very confident that I am right in
saying that the French, years ago, have abolished
the infliction of corporal punishment in their
navy. J understood the Senator 4o say that it
was inflicted in all other navies. No, sir; be it
said to the honor of the French people, that they
have stricken out the rules which allowed it in
their navy, and have incorporated into their law
a provision that a French citizen shall not be
scourged.
Mr. DAWSON. They once abolished flogging
in the French navy, but it has been restored since.
Mr. HAMLIN, (continuing,) Then it has been
very recently. If it has been restored, I am not
aware of it. I have made a very recent inquiry
—within the last few months.
Again: this is the first amendment that is to
be adopted. I voted against amendments, the
principles of which I favored,acting under there-
quest of the Committee on Finance. I have voted
against them for the purpose of keeping this a
clean bill, and letting it pass. I do hope now that
this will not be an exception to that general rule.
Another thing: of ail the people we have in
our community, the few to be found in favor of
scourging American citizens are those who have
been used to its infliction—who have been trained
to it in the service. These are the only ones to
be found asking for it—shipmen, trained to itfrom
the day they first trod the deck—the commodore
of the fleet! It is strange, indeed, if he has not
learned to believe it is necessary to scourge a man
to make him to do right. Sir, treat your sailors
like men. Refuse them the opportunities of be-
coming intoxicated, and you will'doaway with a
great deal of the necessity for the cat-o'-nine-tails.
Treat them as men, and as men they will behave.
It is an assumed position upon the part of all who
desire to retain this odious system, that the inter-
ests of the service demand it. Let the other side
be heard now. We say it is not necessary. We
say there are no demands, either from interest,
justice, or propriety, that require the infliction of
this punishment. You have had one side of it for
a century almost; now let us try the other side,
and see if the assumption is. true. Let us see if
the sailors will not behave "as well without the
stimulus of the lash.
Mr. PEA.RCE obtained the floor, but gave
way to
Mr. YULEE. I wish to state a fact which may
be useful perhaps in the argument; and it is the
result of the experiment in New York. The Le-
gislature of New York abolished punishment by
stripes in the prisons of New York. It was pre-
viously a part of their prison discipline. The re-
port of the superintendent shows that the punish-
ment substituted for it had been the occasion of
producing insanity to an enormous extent, so that
he was obliged to recommend that stripes be
adopted again as a part of the prison discipline.
He attributes eight cases of insanity at Auburn to
the punishments which were substituted for stripes.
The same has been the result m other cases. [
refer to it for the purpose of showing that it is a
delicate subject which we are handling. In the
French navy what was the substitute? It was
keelhauling. They lashed a man by a rope to a
yard-arm, and fastened a rope to his feet, and thus
they hauled him under the keel of the vessel, and
brought him up upon the other side. Such were
the cruel substitutes adopted for the stripes; this
and other equally horrible and inhuman punish-
ments. It is absolutely necessary that some such
punishment should be adopted for this reason: A
shipcan only carry to sea the necessary men for her
use, and solitary confinement draws the men from
the service—the men who are necessary for the
safe navigation of the vessel.
Mr. PEA.RCE. I was about to mention, among
other things, the fact, stated by the Senator from
Florida, of the nature of the punishments substi-
tuted in the French navy. A few years ago they
abolished stripes and substituted a scries of pun-
ishments, of which keelhauling is one. There
were many classes of lighter offences, in which
ropes were used—two dozen being the maximum.
I am opposed to abolishing flogging in the navy
until we have a well-adjusted system of punish-
ments to take its place, i dou6t whether we*fca 
have any as effectual. I do'not know what pun-
ishments could be adopted which would answer
the purpose and be less severe. This bill substi-
tutes nothing. We know that the officers of the
navy have not been in the habit of using any other
punishment than flogging. There are some six-
teen cases which are tried by court martial, tlje
punishment of which is hanging, or such other
punishment as they may direct. That other pun-
ishment is always flogging. If you abolish flog-
ging", you will hang these sailors, because there
will be no discretion. There will be no other means
of punishment. As to confinement in irons, a
skulking sailor would infinitely prefer being in
irons to keeping watch on deck, it would be & '
bounty—an indulgence to him, and a penalty upon
those who continued to do their duty, by throwing
upon them the burdens of the others.
This will be the effect brought about by your
false* philanthropy and sickly sentimentality.
Why, sir, these men are not babies. This pun-
ishment is not an offensive one and torture to them
as an unusual one would be. I have heard of an1
officer who pronounced the sentence upon a sailor
that he should be dressed up in a woman's clothes,
with a bonnet on his head. He remonstrated with
! the captain until he found that the captain insisted
upon it, and then the man walked overboard and
drowned himself. 1 have in my possession^ me-
morial from forty-five of the crew of the United
States steamer Union, praying the department that
corporal punishment might be continued in the
navy, for the very reason that if abolished the
good men would have to do their own work and
the work of the others also.
ft/Ir. DAVIS, of Mississippi. I haveaveryfew
words to say. I think the Senator from Florida-
has pointed out very justly the extraordinary con-
nection in which we find this provision. It is at-
tached as a condition to a contract to carry the
mails, with which it can have no possible connec-
tion. I think it would have the effect which the
Senator has stated. It should be brought forward
as a substantive proposition; and then there should
be a condition attached to that substantive propo-
sition. I have no doubt—and I have some time
since come to the conclusion—that a feeling at the
North required the abolition of flogging in the
navy, and that, sooner or later, we must arrive at
that result. It is no^ a movement in the navy.
The officers oY the navy, and the seamen them-
selves, do not generate this movement; but there
is a feeling which prompts it. Those who are in-
terested in resisting it are the seamen afloat. They
have no power to resist it; and the consequence is,
that I have no doubt it will be carried. But when
we abolish flogging in the navy, it is necessary to
! look for some substitute for it. It is not to be
found m,other punishments now used. Prompt
and implicit obedience is required from the sailor,
and the safety of the crew depends upon it. You
may substitute punishments enough which will be
found efficient in the army. You must have some
other. None that I know of can be of any avail.
You must, then, take the other extreme. You
must go to the system of rewards. In reflecting
upon this subject, I have become satisfied that,
soooer or later, we must meet it. I believe that
the manner by which it can be done is to increase
the pay of the sailor of the navy of the United
States to something materially over the pay he
could get upon any mat me vessel, so as to make it
a punishment, and asevere punishment, to dismiss
him from the navy, a dishonorable discharge pre-
venting him from being reemployed. Now, sir,
when gentlemen will bring forward a substantive
proposition, with some suitable provision annexed
to it as a condition, such as 1 have stated, then I shall
be willing to surrender gracefully to what I know
to be the power. But I cannot consent to annex
this provision to a mere appropriation for a con-
tract for carrying the mails.
This system has so long prevailed that it is not
felt by those tars who have won our battles upon
the sea, as a disgrace. Those things are conven-
tional, Tell the"sailor that he is unable to endure
the punishment of a sailor, and he resists it with
that manly pride which the Senator from Mary-
land spoke of. He has none of the feeling of those
gentlemen on shore who think that flogging in the
