2060
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
regular manner is a disgrace. But the feeling
ashore is to prevail. We are to have a cry that
scourging: an American citizen is to him a disgrace,
from those not sympathizing with the feeling, and
not understanding the sentiments of the sailor. I
know that this is to be carried out. I only ask
that it be carried out discreetly.
Mr. SEWARD. I do not rise to enter into this
debate at all., but barely to make a statement,
which I think it necessary to make, in regard to
the argument of the chairman of the Committee on
Naval Affairs, derived from what is supposed to
have been the result of the policy adopted in regard
to this punishment in the prisons of the Sute of
New York. The whole number of prisoners is
something less th'an 2,000. There was a struggle
for twenty years to abolish this punishment in the
prisons, which was resisted upon the ground that
* ■discipline could not be maintained. Five or ten
years ago the use of this punishment was prohib-
ited, and it has never been resorted to since. There
has nevertheless been, during that time, the same
quiet, the same order, that prevailed before. Public
sentiment seems to have entirely acquiesced in the
reform which has been made, as useful, humane,
and benevolent. The first argument that I have
ever heard against if was that of rhe Senator from
Florida, who read from the report of one of the
wardens of one of the prisons, and drew an infer-
ence from that report, that it was the judgment of
that officer that it is expedient to return to the old
system. I beg leave to say to him, without de-
tainyig the Senate, that a more careful perusal of
that document would show that the punishment
substituted was the use of the shower-bath ; and
that the evil complained of is, that the mode of
applying it has been so unnecessarily harsh as to
have resulted in producing, as the keeper supposed,
insanity in ihe«?e eight cases; and the keeper goes
on to say that he had, therefore, in a great degree,
discontinued that form of punishment, and had
resorted to solitary confinement as a substitute,
which had been successful. The argument of the
Senator from Florida, therefore, was based merely
- upon the fact that, having occasion to find some
other punishment than flogging, they had not, in
the first irisranre, arrived at that which was right.
Mr. BUTLER. I wish to make a remark upon
"—this subject. This is not a question which has
been brought to the view of the Senate; but I sup-
pose it is likely to pass, under the morality which
prevails in senate chambers and popular meetings,
and that these popular notions of morality are
likely to control the more hardy policy which has
heretofore subserved the great interests of the
countrv, so far as regards the navy. The sailors
themselves, independent of the officers, have an
interest in their own government; and the better
part of the sailors would, I dare say, if the ques-
tion wa^ submitted to their vote to-morrow, declare
in favor of this species of punishment m preference
to any other. It is most for the security of the
better part of the sailors against the worst part,
and it is the policy of the best sailors that this
punishment should be allowed. How are they to
be governed if this should be abolished? What
substitute would you haver Would you resort to
cold water and starvation to reduce the sailor, at
the very time when he would be called upon to
exert all his energies, and weaken him down ? Or
would you resort to the cold bath and all those
offensive notions as a substitute for the old-fash-
ioned summary mode of disposing of an individual
who has committed a fault and incurred the pen-
alty:? Flos:ging is no disgrace to them; they are
reconciled to it. I would be very sorry to .see this
experiment made, instead of our former hardy
discipline in our navy.
" Q,ustion!" " Question !" " Question !"
Mr. YULEE. Mr. President 
Mr. HALE (in his seat.) I will make aspeech
if you do.
Mr. YULEE. I think it proper to state, upon
the question of fact, which the Senator from New
York has raised, that^lhe perusal of this report
will show that he is mistaken; that the use of cold
water, solitary confinement, and the use of the cat,
are the three alternatives. The warden reports
that solitary confinement and cold water by means !
of the shower bath have both produced insanity; 1
and that the use of stripes is indispensable to
prison discipline, and is more humane.
Mr. HALE demanded the yeas and nays; which
were ordered.
Sept. 28,
Mr. YULEE, in order to amend the section
before it could be stricken out, moved to insert,
" and on board vessels of commerce," and de-
manded the yeas and nays.
The yeas and nays were not ordered, and the
amendment was adopted upon division—ayes 25 
noes 13.
The question recurred upon striking out that
proviso as amended; and, being taken, resulted as
follows:
YEAS—Messrs. Atchison, Badger, Bell, Berrien, Butler,
Davis; of Mississippi, Dawson, Dayton, Downs, Houston,
Hunter, King, Mangum, Mason, Morton, Pearcp, Pratt,
Rusk, Sebastian, Smith, Spruance, Turney, Wales, and
Yuife—24.
NAYS—Messrs. Baldwin, Benton, Bright, Cass, Chase,
Clarke, l)avi3 0t Massachusetts, Dickinson, Dodge of Wis-
consin, Dndge of Iowa, Felch, Fremont, Greene, Hale,
Hamlin, Jones, N< rris, Sevvdrd. Soui6, Sturgeon, Under-
wood, Walker, Whiteomb, and Wmthrop—24.
The Secretary not having heard the name of
Mr. Greexe, the amendment was announced to
have been agreed to—yeas 24, nays 23.
Mr. COOLER. I moved to amend the bill by
inserting after the word States," in line 137,
" and also in the article of fuel for the navy and
naval stations."
I will merely state that, under the present sys-
tem, the United States have frequently bought fuel
that it has been impossible to use at ail. I will
state an instance of the manner in which the Gov-
ernment have been imposed upon in that respect.
During the Florida war they purchased coal to be
used at some of the stations, and, in fact, used the
same coal on tne steamers of transportation. Be-
fore they got out of the Delaware river they were
obliged to throw the whole overboard, and return
and take on board another supply. Under the
present system it is impossible to purchase the coal
and wood without getting the worst article in the
market, and very often at higher prices than it
would be necessary to pay for good articles. The
Secretary of the Navy should have power to pur-
chase in such a manner as will secure to the ser-
vice a good article.
Mr. HALE. Mr. President, I rise to a question
of privilege-that a Senator voted upon the question
which was just announced, but his name was not
put down, I^-move that the Journal be corrected.
I find that the Senator from Rhode Island [Mr.
Greene] voted, but that his name is not recorded.
I hope it will be corrected, as the vote was ac-
tually given.
Several Senators. "Too late."
Mr. CLARFtE. I hope it will be corrected
now, if it is in order
Mr GREENE. The Senator from New Hamp-
shire is right. I voted, but my name, I suppose,
was not heard by the Secretary. I may have an-
swered upon the second call. My name was heard*
by the Reporter.
Mr. ATCHISON. I would inquire whether it
is in order for the Senator from New Hampshire—
the Senator from Rhode Island being present—to
make a motion to amend the Journal in behalf of
the Senator from Rhode Island.
Mr. HALE. I should like to have that ques-
tion decided.
Mr. ATCHISON. So should I. I think it is
an unwarrantable interference with another man's
business.
Mr. HALE. And I think it is an unwarrant-
able interference with another man's business for
the Senator from Missouri to call me to order for
it. [Laughter.] But I think it is every man's
business to see that the Journal is right.
Mr. TURNEY. 1 ask, Mr. President, if this
is not.all out of order, while we are progressing
with a question about the fuel for the navy, in an-
other part of the bill.
Mr. DAYTON. Mr. President 
Mr. HALE. I think I have the fioor. I sat
down, being called to order.
Mr. DAYTON. It was upon that point of order
that I was about to speak. If this vote is incor-
rectly announced, we ought to correct it; and if
there is no other mode to reach it, I voted with the
affirmative, and will move to reconsider the vote.
Mr. HUNTER. Will the Senator allow me to
suggest that the question will necessarily arise
upftn it again, as u stands, when the bill is re-
ported to the Senate? The yeas and nays can be
called then.
Mr. HALE. Tfiat will not do.
Mr. DAYTON resumed. I will merely sug-
gest—I do not know how it may be with the Sen-
ator from Rhode Island—but in the same situation
I should want my name to stand right upon the
record, and not as voting one way in committee
and the other in the Senate.
Mr. HALE, (in his seat.) The name is not
recorded at all. *
Mr. DAYTON. But it is the right of every
member of the Senate to have the Journal correet.
And this is not only a matter of right on the part
of the Senator from Rhode Island, but it is the
business of all of us to see that the votes are prop-
erly recorded.
Mr. GREENE. Mr. President 
The PRESIDENT. It is unnecessary to argue
the question. The proposition is made to correct
the record, so far as regards the vote of an individ-
ual. He says he voted upon the question,' but
his vote is not recorded. It is certainly in the
power of the Senate to order the correction made,
provided the Senator voted when the call was made.
If the allegation was, that he would have voted so*
and the request was made to allow him to record,
his name, it could not be done after the announce-
ment was made. I understand the Senator from
Rhode Island to say thiu he did vote when his
name was called, and tftat he wishes his vote now
to be recorded. The Chair does not think it is too
late to do so.
Mr. GREENE. It is a matter of some personal
interest, and I beg leave to state that I was not
aware that my name was not recorded, until I was
informed that such was the fact by one of the Re-
porters who sits in front of the Secretary. 1 did
vote upon the second calling of my name. I do
not know that i should have taken the trouble to
make the correction of it, relying upon the oppor-
tunity I should have to vote when the bill should
be before us in the Senate. But I simpty state the
fact, the Senator from New Hampshire having
brought the matter before the Senate, that I voted
" no." It is possible, as the name of " Gwin"
sounds so much like my own, that that may have
been the cause of the error.
Mr. CLARKE. I ask that my colleague may
be permitted to have his vote recorded. We ail
know the feeling that prevails in our section of the
country. He voted opposite to his own senti-
ments, under instructions; and it is important th'at
his vote should be recorded. It will have an inju-
rious operation if it is refused, besides the falsi-
fication of the record which will result from it.
Under these circumstances I hope the Senate, with-
out any objection upon any side of the Chamber,
will allow the record to be corrected, not only for
the sake of the purity of the record, but for the
sake of my friend and colleague.
The PRESIDENT. The vote of the Senator
is not recorded at all.
Mr. BRIGHT. We have a rule that relates to
errors of this kind. Upon the reading of the Jour-
nal in the morning, the Senator can rise m his
place, and move "to coirect it. His vote does not
change the result at all.
Mr. HALE In answer to that suggestion, I
will say that it will be too late to-morrow morning,
because the vote of the Senator from Rhode Island
is conclusive upon the question. If recoided,it
will make 24 yeas and 24 nays, find the amend-
ment will be rejected. By the mistake of the
Clerk in recording the votes, it now stands that
the Senate voted to adopt the amendment, when,
in fact, it voted no such thing.
Mr. ATCHISON. I wish to be understood.
If the Senator from Rhode Island desires to have
his vote recorded, I shall make no objection, and
I presume other Senators will make none. But
upon the application of the Senator from New
Hampshire, or of any other Senator, it seems to
me that the proposition should not be entertained.
As he has expressed his desire to have it recorded,
I presume there will be no objection.
Mr. Greene's name being again called by the
Secretary, he voted "no," remarking that he re-
lied not only upon his own impression of the fact
of his having voted, but upon the fact that he was
distinctly heard.
The PRESIDENT. The Chairdecides that he
has a right to have his vote recorded, inasmuch as
he voted at the time.
Mr. PRATT. It is proper, it seems to me,
that the vate should be taken over,again. Other
Senators are now here; and as-the recording of
the vote varies the result, as I learn it does, I ask
that the yeas and nays will be again taken.
