1850.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
20!
Mr. HALE. • Let the result be announced.
Mr. DAWSON. Before the Chair announces
the decision, I wish to state what 1 understand to
be the law~in a case of this kind. Whenever a
member votes in a parliamentary body, and his
vote is recorded wrongly, it can be corrected at
anytime. If he responds when the yeas and nays
. are being called, and the officer recording them
does not hear him, and if, after the yeas and nays
are read over, he does not state the fact of his hav-
ing voted, he is not entitled to vote afterwards.
The reading over of the yeas and nays is for
the purpose of ascertaining whether the vote was
rightly recorded, or recorded at all; and if theSen-
ator allows that to take place without correction,
the Senate has no power over it.
The PRESIDENT. There is no question but
that, strictly speaking, after the decision is made,
no Senator has a right, as a matter of right, to have
his vote recorded. It is only by the assent of the
body that it can be done. The Chair understood
that to be the ordinary course. But inasmuch as
the Senator declared in this case that he had voted,
and that the Secretary had not recorded it, the
Chair supposed he would be allowed to* vote. As a
strict question of order, if the Senate refuse, the
Senator cannot change the result after the decision
is made.
Mr. MASON. I could not hear the remarks
which just fell from the Chair. Do I understand
the Chair to allow the vote lo be recorded, under-
standing it to be the sense of the Senate, and that
it cannot be done unless the consent of the Senate
shall be given ?
The PRESIDENT. Strictly speaking, the
Chair thinks—and it is a new case, one which has
never before occurred to his knowledge—that the
Senator nfct having his vote recorded, as the
names are read over for the purpose of giving any
Senator an opportunity to correct any error which
may be committed by the Secretary, and any omis-
sion when a name is omitted, it is not in otder, af-
ter the decision has been announced according to
the record furnished by the Secretary, for any
Senator to have his vote recorded except by vote
of the Senate. It is understood by the Chair that
assent is given.
Mr. MASON. There is no member upon this
floor to whom I would more cheerfully extend
every courtesy and every privilege than to the
Senator from Rhode Inland. But in this instance
I must object to it, because, if the vote as recorded
is to be altered, I desire that the vote shall be ta-
ken over again, that all may vote again. Unless
that be done, I must object to his vote being re-
corded.
Mr. GREENE. I am not aware, sir, that I
have asked any personal courtesy of the Senate in
regard to this matter. So much has been said with
regard to it, that I beg leave to repeat a little more
fully the substance of what I said before. I took
no interest in the matter, except that, in conversa-
tion with the Senator from New Hampshire, I
spoke of having voted with him upon this question.
My attention was called by the Reporter, who now
sits in front of the Secretary, to the fact that my
name was recorded upon hts list as having voted
•'no," and that it had not been called by the Sec-
retary in reading over the yeas and nays, i took
no farther interest in the thing, supposing that, as
the decision had been announced by the Chair, it
was conclusive upon the subject. The Senator
from New Hampshire, however, made the motion
which was addressed to the Chair upon the sub-
ject; and all 1 did m relation to it was simply to
state the fact as I understood it. I knew that I in-
tended to vote " no," and my impression was very
strong that I did vote " no," and I think now that
I so voted.
Mr. HUNTER. To put an end to this, I move
a reconsideration.
Mr. UNDERWOOD. I understand that the
Chair has decided that the gentleman has a right to
vote.
The PRESIDENT. He has a right to have his
vote recorded, with the assent of the Senate. The
Chair stated that it was a novel case. After the
decision is announced by the Chair, he thinks it is
not in the power of any Senator to have his vote
recorded without the consent of the body. The
names are read over for the purpose of correction
before the decision is announced.
Mr. CLARKE inquired if it required unani-
mous consent.
Mr. UNDERWOOD. I move that the gentle-
man's" vote, as a matter of right, be entered upon
the Journal.
The PRESIDENT. The Chair cannot receive
that motion, as it is contrary to his decision. The
Senator can appeal, if he wishes to test the correct-
ness of that decision.
Mr. UNDERWOOD. "I then appeal from the
decision of the Chair. Is it in order for me to pro-
ceed to make a remark upon this aupeal ?
The PRESIDENT. Certainly.
Mr. UNDERWOOD. Then, Mr. President 
Mr. YULEE. I rise to a question of order.
There was a bill pending, which is the subject-mat-
ter before us. The point of order 1 maite is, that
as a mouoit was pending upon the bill, a subsequent
motion cannot be considered until that previous
motion is disposed of.
Mr. HALE This is a privileged question.
Mr. UNDERWOOD. This is a privileged ques-
tion necessarily, because otherwise it couid not be
considered until after the bill is dispo&ed of, when
it would be too late. Now, if the Chair would
submit the motion which I made, it would decide
the point at once.
The PRESIDENT. The Senator will perceive
that the Chair cannot entertain a proposition of
tnat kind, because u requites unanimous consent
to record the vote.
Mr. UNDERWOOD. I will remark that under
the Constitution we are required to keep a journal
of our proceedings. Under the Constitution evety
member has a right to have his name recorded cor-
rectly. The object of the Journal is to state the
truth, and to publish to the country a true account I
and history of what is done here. Now we are
evading the truth. We are not putting the yeas and
nays upon the Journal as they were voted. Can
it be that there isno mode by which this error can
be coirected, except by unanimous consent?
The PRESIDENT. Will the Senator yield a
moment? •The Chair has been reminded that a
motion was made prior to that of the Senator from
Kentucky, which is the motion of the Senator
Irora Viigima to leoonsider the vote. That is the
first question in order.
Several Senators. Let us reconsider the vote.
Mr. UNDELiWOOD. I am willing to econ-
omize time. I consider it as a matter of right that
our Journal should be truthful, and a momentary
inattention on the part of a Senator, when the
yeas and nays are read overarfd his name is omit-
ted, ought not to preclude that correct statement
upon the Journal which the Constitution requires.
The PRESIDENT. The Chair will state again
that, with every disposition on his part to have the
Journal correct, it is made up from what is fur-
nished by the Secretary; it is read over, and no
objection is made to its correctness; the decision
is announced; other business goes on; and, after
other business has progressed, a Senator rises, and
says the Journal is not correct. It is too late,
therefore, to amend an error of this sort without
the unanimous consent of the Senate. Supposing
there was no objection, the Chair had directed the
correction to be made; but objection being made,
of course the record stands as it was at first.
Mr. UNDERWOOD. If the question is re-
considered, i will make no further remarks.
Mr. MASON. 1 do not understand that the
Senator from Rhode Lland has preferred a request
to have the Journal corrected. In that case i do
not know how it can be entertained.
The question being taken on reconsidering the
vote, it was agreed to.
Mr. HUNTER called for the yeas and nays on
the amendment, and they were ordered.
The question being again taken on the amend-
ment, it was rejected—yeas 24, nays 26; as follow:
YEAS—Mc srrf. Atchison, Bctdger, Bell, Btrri^n, Butler,
Duvis ol iVI isssia.-ippi, DdWson, Dayton, Downs, Houston,
iluuter, Kmy, Mdtiuum, Mason, Aloiton, i'earce, Pratt,
Rusk, Da&tmn, amun, Spiuance, Turney, Waies, ami
Yulet —24.
NaYS—Messrs. Baldwin, Benton, Bright, Cass, Chase,
Clarke, Cooper, Davis ot MassdChu rtu-, Dickinson, Dodge
of Wisconsin, Dodge ot lovv<t, lowing, Felcb, Fi6u o it,
Greene, < win, liale, Hamlin, J< nes, Norn-?, Si ward,
Shields, Sturgeon, Undeivvood, Walker, and Wuithrop—25.
The question pending was the amendment of
Mr. Cooper, in leiation to the article of fuel for
the navy, as stated above.
Mr. HUNTER. I ask the Senator from Penn-
sylvania if the Secretary of the Navy does not
now possess the power to purchase such fuel as
may be best?
Mr. COOPER. I am informed he does .vlt
is done on proposals to the lowest bidders.
Mr. HUNTER. I do not precisely understand
the Senator. Does he mean td" do what he pro-
poses under th£ contract system?
Mr. COOPER. No, sir. It is only with refer-
ence to the particular article of fuel that I propose
to abolish the contract system. For example:
they buy coal at Richmond, Cumberland, or Phil-
adelphia, and because a bad article, at three cents,
lower, which they cannot use, is given to them,
the people do not understand it. ram toid that at
Pensacola there are hundreds of tons thrown over- !
board. During the late war with Mexico, they,
purchased coal at Philadelphia with the system
then m practice, and the consequence was they
could not use it at all, and some ships were obliged
to thro^it overboard into the Delaware.
Mr. HUNTER. This same principle would
apply to the contract system in relation to all other
articles, where, under the system, bad articles are
sometimes bought. The principle goes to the de-
struction of the whole contract system, and I hope
it will not be adopted. *
The amendment was rejected.
CALIFORNIA DRY DOCK.
Mr. BALDWIN. I move to strike out, in the
clause which authorizes the Secretary of the Navy
to contract for the construction of a dry dock on
the coast of California, the words, " and directed.s>
The clause now reads: " For commencing the con-
struction of a floating dry dock on the coast of
4 California, $100,000; and the Secretary of the
4 Navy is authorized and directed,"&c. I further
propose to strike out the words naming: the indi-
viduals with whom the contract is to be made; so
that, if my amendments are adopted, the clause
will read: " And the Secretary of the Navy is au-
thorized to enter into a contract for the construc-
tion, with all reasonable dispatch," &c.; omitring
the words, " and directed," and also the names of
the individuals with whom it is proposed to make
the contract. As the bill now stands, it places the
Government in the power of these individuals to
demand whatever price they choose, since thtre is
a positive direction to the Secretary of the Navy
to make the contract with these individuals.
The question was taken on the motion to strike
out the words "and directed ;*"-and they were
stricken out.
The question then being taken oh the motion to
strike out the names of the contractors, they were
also stricken out.
Mr. BALD W IN. I now move further to amend
the bill by erasing the words " it shall be theduty
of." The clause now reads: " And it shall be
the duty of the Secretary of the Navy to enter into
ari agreement with said contractors, if they will
keep the works in repair," &c. I propose to strike
out the words "it shall be the duty of," and to
insert after the word " Navy" the words {i shall
also he authorized;'7 so that the clause will read,
when amended : "And the Secretary of the Navy
shall also be authorized to enter into an agree-
ment,'* &c.
Then 1 propose to add at the end of the section
these words: "On such terms and conditions as
he shall deem reasonable." This amendment is in
that part of the section which authorizes the con-
tractors to use the dry dock for other purposes.
As the scction now stands, it directs the Secretary
of the Navy to enter into a contract with'a view
of permuting them to use the doc* on condition
that they will keep it m repair. If amended in the
manner proposed, it will read : " And the Secre-
tary of the Navy shall also be authorized to enter
into an agreement with these parties on such terms
and conditions as he shall deem reasonable."
The PRESIDENT. The amendments cannot
be taken together. The Chair will state the ques-
tion on the fij s-t.
Mr HUNTER. I understand the effect of the
amendments is only to make the latter part of the
section conform to the other portions.
Mr. BALDWIN, Th%; is the effect of the
amendments. . m
Mr. CiWIN. I was not in the Senate, Mr.
President, when the amendments offered by the
Senator from Connecticut were made, and 1 wish
to move to reconsider them* 1 look upon them as
the destruction of the bill.
The PRESIDENT, it is not in order riow.
The Senator can attain his object when the bill is
reported to the Senate.
