1850.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
967
inhabitants of the ceded territoryinto the Union of the Uni-
ted States; and ot admitting them as soon as possible, ac-
cording to the ptiuciplfs < f the Ft-dera! Constitution, to the
enjoyment «>f ail the righto, advantages, and immunities
ot ci'izens or the United State.*," and, in tlie mean time,
they aiv to be maintained a:-d protected in the free enjoy-
utent of their "liberty, j.roperly, and the religion which
they pioie.-s." And it must also be admitted thatCoriL'tess,
by the 7th section of the act of March 2, 1*05, « providing
1 or the government of the Terntory of Oilcans," have con-
strued tint article as pledging the faitii of the United States
to admit the inhabitants ot Louisiana into the Union ot the
American States, as an independent State or States, and on
CJm? t'ooiius; ot the original States, whenever the proper num-
ber ol free inhal i'anls should be fotu.d therein; thereby le-
moving all doubt as to the true intent of this article, and
adopting that construction of its terms understood to be r.ow
contended lor by the citizens ol Arkansas Before meeting
with this legislative expo&iuon of the treaty, I bad come to
the conclusion that the construction proposed bv the Gov-
ernor of Arkansas, u> hi* punted address, was too narrow,
and that the language and manifest design of the provision
required the other and more liberal interpietation. Many
reasons might be. assigned lor this opinion, but, after the dis-
tinct recognition of its justice, contained in the act of 16o5,
i deem U needless to dwell on tins point.
But, though the treaty engages that the inhabitants of
the ceded territory shall, at the earhej-t piacticable period,
be duty admitted a-. Urates into the Union ; and though this
engagement has been, and >etis, obligatory and inviolable,
it by no means follows that it can be earned into effect
without the consent ol Congress. On the contrary, like ail
othei treaty stipulations which require for their complete
execution the enactment ot suitable laws, its actual tulbSl-
ment depends upon the legislative department. The United
States, m their national character, are bound by the stipu-
lation, and it is their duty to pass the laws, and to take all
other steps which are necessary to its faithful execution.
But those laws and other steps can only be passed or taken
through the organs prescribed by the Federal Constitution.
And if the department winch, under the Constitution, pos-
sesses the exclusive power of legislation, improperly omits
or relumes to pass the necessary law*, the stipulation, so far
as it> fulfillment depends on legisl hun, must necessarily
remain unexecuted. Such a refusal or omission would
Indeed \ lolate the treaty, and many serious consequences'
might therefore grow out of it; but, so long as persisted in,
the inhabitants would necessarily be excluded from the
Union. The. obligatory force of (he treaty stipulation is
therefore to be carefully distinguished from Uie p.oper mode
of carrying u into (fleet. The obligation must be admitted,
and it cannot be doubled vi ill be faithfully fulfilled ; but, so
far as legislative enactments are necessary to carry it into
efftct, they must be made by the Congress of the United
States, and cannot be supplied by any other depaitmentof
the General Government.
No law has yet been passed by Congress which either ex-
pressly or impliedly cives to the people of Arkansas the au-
rhonty to form a State government. For the reasons above
stated, I am therelore ot'opinion that the inhabitants ot that
territory have not at present, and ttaoy cannot acquire other-
wise than by an act of Congress, the right to form such a
government.
But I am not prepared to say that all proceedings on th.s
subject on the part or the citizens of Ai kansas will be illegal.
They undoubtedly possess the ordinary privileges and immu-
nities of citizens of the United States. Among these is the
right of the people "peaceably to assemble and to petition
the Government toi redress ot'grievancrs." Jn the exercise
of this right, the inhabitants of Arkansas may peaceably
meet together in primary assemblies, or in conventions
chosen by such assemblies, tor the purpose of petitioning
Congress to abrogate the tenitorsal government, and toadmi't
them into the Union as an independent Slate. The particu-
lar form which they may give to their petition cannot be ma-
terial, so long a> tiiey confine themselves to the mere light
of petitioning, and conduct a/f their proceedings in a peace-
able manner. And as the power of Congi ess is plenary and
unlimited, they may accept any constitution, however
framed, w hich in their judgment meets the sense of the peo-
ple to be atiected b> if.
If, therefore, thecittzens of Arkansas think proper to ac-
company then* petition by a written constitution, framed and
agreed on by their primary assemblies, or by a convention of
delegates chosen by such assemblies, I perceive no legal
objection to do so, nor to any measures which may be taken
to collect the sense of t' e people, in respect to it; provided,
always, that such measures be commenced and pioseeuted
in a peaceable mamiei, in strict subordination to the paisI-
ing Federa' Government, and in entire subserviency to the
power of Congress to adopt, reject, or disregard them at
pleasure.
It is, however, very obvious, that all measures com-
mencufand prosecuted with a design to subvert the ten-
torial government, and to establish and put in force in its
place a new government, without the consent of Congress,
will be unlawful. The laws establishing territorial govern-
ment must continue in force until abiogated by Cohure-'s ;
and, in ihr meantime, it will be the dutv of'the governor, and
atl territorial officers, as well as of the President, to take
care that they are faithfully executed.
I am. sir, &e., B. F. BUTLER.
To the Secretary or State.
Mr. BRADBURY suggested to the Senator/rom
Florida, whether it would not appear, from the
resolutions, that his purpose was to call for all the
correspondence which, in all time, had taken place
between the departments and the officers referred
to, instead of calling only for that in relation to
California? It seemed to him that an alteration
was obviously necessary.
Mr. YULEE then amended his resolutions by
inserting in the first paragraph, near the close, after jj
the words " or either of them," the words " re- |i
lating to affair^ in California;" and adding at the
close the following:
"Resolred, further, That the President of the United States
be also requested to furnish to the Senate whatever intelli-
gence may have been received in the executive department
inspecting the condition of civil affairs m the Oregon Ter-
ritory." -
The resolutions were then adopted.
MORE ABOUT CALIFORNIA.
Mr. FOOTE. Mr. President, I hold in my
hand a letter in relation to the subject which has
been referred to by the Senator from Florida.
The letter is addressed to myself, and is accompa-
nied by certain documents in the Spanish language.
It is as follows:
San Diego, California, Jl-pril 3,1850.
Dear Sir: I take the liberty of addressing you, and en-
closing sundry papers which have been received by the
alcalde of this place, Thomas W. Sutherland, esq., from the
people of Los Angles, m regard to the hrmation of a terri-
torial government for the southern portion of California.
The people of this town have held a meeting upon this
i subject, and are much, and almost unanimoufJj, m favor of
I a territorial organization, and appointed a committee of
! three to draw up resolutions expressive of the public sense,
j arid have them lorvvarded per the bteamer which will kave
, heie to-morrow; but unavoidable I uainees compelling two
| of the committee to leave tftr a few days, the resolution*
intended have not been forwaided.
As the other member of the committee, I feel desirous of
notifying you of the <«tate of feeling here at as early a day as
possible, and enclose you the proceedings and other docu-
ments that have been received, with the request that \ou
will furnish them to the consideration ol Congre.-s.
1 have the honor to be jour most obedient seivant,
AGOSTON HABAZTHY.
Hon. H. S. Poote, U. S. Senate, Washington,
In connection with this matter, I have also a
letter addressed to one of the Senators from Cali-
fernia, by a gentleman of high standing, who is, I
believe, Senator from Los Angeles, and president
of the Senate of California. I will read a short
extract from that letter, so that both sides of the
case may be before the country:
" I have just been handed by Senator Don Pablo, of Santa
Bachia, a series of resolutions adopted at a mas* meeting
lately held at Los Angeles, ;is well as a memorial to Con-
gress, drawn up at said meeting, in which the petnioners
pray to beset off from the State into a territorial govern-
ment; and, for fe.ir said demonstration upon the part of the
ancient residents of this new State may have some influence
in retarding her admission into the ConferJpiacv, I will ex-
plain to you, as tar as 1 have been able to obtain frius, the
extent of this disaffection. The meeting wa< accidentally
cotten up, as I am credibly informed, bj the old American
Spaniards, siuh as Don Juan Sumple, and was attended |
solely by Cahlornians ; not a single new resident oi emi-
grant participated. Simultaneout.lv with this meeting an
attempt was made at San Dugo to get upa like one,which,
I am informed by our friend Mr. Rust, postmaster of that
place, was a perfect failure, there not being more than half
a dozen persons present, and these being heavj landholders,
whose sole objection to a State government is the fear of
taxation. The people of Santa Bachia, as well as of Pan
Luis Obispo, I am informed by the delegates from these
counties, are also opposed to the memorial, and had so ex-
pressed themselves* through their deputie> here.
"There seems much incons.i t<>ncy m the memorial of
my Los Angeles constituents, and their votes in favor of the
constitution, as not a score of votes were polled against the
constituiion m the whole territory now at-ked by the memo-
rialists to be made into a territory.
I believe that will suffice to lay all the facts be-
fore the American public. I move now, sir, that
these documents be translated and printed for the
use of the Senate.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. It is not in or-
der to piesent them now, but if there is no objection
they will be received.
Mr. FOOTE. I understand the papers to con-
tain an account of this convention or meeting.
The authenticated copy has not come, but this
purports to be an official account of the proceed-
ings. I do not know any other course to pursue
than to make the motion I have done; and having
presented the whole matter to the Senate, I am
peifectly indifferent what course is taken in regard
to it.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. This document
is not addressed to the Senate at all; it is a private
communication, addressed to the honoiable Sena-
tor, and therefore the Chair thinks it ought £>ot to
be received. The Chair will not, however, refuse
to receive it if such is the wish of the Senate. I
Mr. FOOTE. I hope the Senate will receive !
it, and allow it. to be referred to the Committee on ;
Territories, as it is a territ^iial matter. My sole j
object is, that all the facts may be fairly presented 1
to the Senate and the country. ' ,
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The document
can only be received by a unanimous consent. j
Mr. TURNEY objected, so it was notreceived. I
THE SEVENTH CENSUS.
A message was received from the House of
Representatives by Mr. Young, their Clerk:
Mr. President: I am requested by the House to
inform the Senate that it has passed the bill to pro-
vide for the taking of the seventh census of the
United States with sundry amendments, in which
I am requested to ask the concurrence of the Sen-
ate.
Mr. DAVIS, of Massachusetts. There is a
bill upon our table which has just been returned
from the House of Representatives with certain
amendments; I move that it be taken up and re-
ferred to the committee on the census.
Mr. BUTLER. I would ask the Senator from
Massachusetts whether he proposes to refer this
bill to a new committee ?
Mr. DAVIS. Wo, sir; to the committee on the
census already raised.
Mr. DAVIS, of Mississippi. That committee
is no longer in existence.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The census
committee is no longer in existence; it must there-
fore be referred to a select committee.
The motion to refer the bill to a select committee
was then put and carried.
Mr. HALE. As I suppose a motion is neces-
sary to enable the Chair to appoint the selgct com-
mittee, I move that the Chair be allowed to ap-
point the select committee.
The motion was agreed to.
Mr. IIALE. I now move that the amendments,
to the bill, made by the House of Representatives,
be printed for the use of the Senate.
Mr. COOPER. I do not know that I shall ob-
ject to the printing of the amendments if the com-
mittee desire it, but it is important that immediate
action should be had upon this matter, and even
the printing of a few amendments of this sort may
cause a delay of several days. It has now come
to the time at which the instructions ought to be
m the hands of the marshals, and it is therefore
important that there should be speedy action. If,
however, the committee desire the printing of the
amendments, I will not throw any obstacle in the
way.
Mr. BADGER. I would suggest to my friend
that he will advance the speedy passage of this
bill by having the amendments printed, so that
when the committee report on the amendments we
may be able to understand their report.
The motion to print was then agreed to.
REPORT OF THE COMMITTEE OF THIRTEEN.
On mot/on of Mr. CLAY, the Senate, for the
purpose of making it a special order, proceeded to
the consideration of the bill reported yesterday,
from the Committee of Thirteen, for the admis-
sion of California, to provide territorial govern-
ments for Utah and New Mexico, and making
proposals to Texas for the establishment of her
western and northwestern boundary. The bill
having been read a second time—
Mr. CLAY. So far as I have any personal
wish upon the subject it would be to proceed to
the consideration of this bill at the earliest practi-
cable moment. I suggested yesterday that I should
be willing to go into it to-day, but others who
have spoken to me on the subject suppose that
some little time for the consideration of the re-
port, and of the measures which accompany it,
should be allowed. I will, therefore, move, that
the further consideration of the bill be postponed,
and that it be made the special order of the day
for Monday next at one o'clock.
The further consideration of the subject was
i accordingly postponed till Monday next.
' BOARD OF ACCOUNTS*
On motion by Mr. HUNTER, the Senate then
proceeded to the consideration of the special order
of the day, being a bill to establish a Board of Ac-
counts.
J The PRESIDING OFFICER stated the ques-
I tion to be on the amendment offered by the Sen-
ator from New Hampshire, to insert in the ninth
line of the first section, after the word "Pres-
ident," the word " except by and with the advice
of the Senate.
Mr. HUNTER. I simply rise, Mr. President,
to express a hope that we shall be able to take a
vote upon the various propositions of amendment
to this bill to-day, as this is probably the last day
for a considerable time to come that we shall have
an opportunity of discussing it. I am in favor of
