THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
May 9,
the bill as it now stands; but if the amendment
offered should meet with the approbation of the
Senate, I have no objection, and I hope the ques-
tion will be taken, and that the bill will be pro-
ceeded with.
Mr. BRADBURY. I rise to express the hope
that the Senator from New Hampshire [Mr.
Hale] will withdraw his motion to amend, in
order that we may not embarrass this bill by the
question to which that amendment will necessarily
give rise. I would propose that the whole of the
line to which his amendment is attached be stricken
out, so that nothing be said in it with regard to
the removing power. This is a very important
measure, and one in which every Senator must
feci a deep interest; and if we undertake to settle
the question raised the other day by the honora-
ble Senator from Tennessee, [Mr. Bell,] there is
great danger that the bill will be lost in the dis-
cusfjion. These questions can, perhaps, better be
settled upon some other occasion; and if the Sen-
. atoe will withdraw his motion to amend, 1 will
• itafea motion to which I hope the Senator from
Virginia [Mr. Hunter] will give his assent, to
strike out all language respecting the removal
by*the President, leaving the power to stand where
the Constitution leaves it, with the construction
"which has been given to the clause of that instru-
ment relating to that subject. My understanding
is, that it is immaterial whether the bill is silent
on the point, or declares the President may re-
move; and hence 1 shall be satisfied with the bill
in either form.
Mr. DAVIS, of Mississippi. Mr. President, I
am decidedly in favor of the bill as it stands. This
is but an experiment, and I fear it may prove a
very hazardous experiment. It is to confer the
highest possible power upon three officers, which
is to be continued for a long term of years. Being
appointed for a long term of years, unless you ab-
solutely confer in the bill the power to the Presi-
dent to remove them, it will be construed that
this power is not possessed by him. These |
appointments being made for a term of years, and
as they do not require the sanction of the Senate
or the other branch of Congress, I am in favor of
the exercise of the power by thePresident. These
officers being charged with the settlement of ac-
counts, many of them involving very large sums,
if the President have not the power of removal in
the event of their being detected in the perpetration
of fraud, it may become the ruin of the Treasury
during the recess of Congress. I say again that I
have no fear that the President will exercise this
power too freely. My apprehension is that no re-
moval will ever be made. These officers being ap- .
pointed for a term of years, it is pretty certain that j
any President will be very unwilling, except for a !
very grave cause, to remove an officer of so high a
grade.
Mr. BRADBURY. I may not have been un-
derstood in my remarks. 1 wish to say that I
understand that the President would possess the
power of removal, without any declaration of that
power in the bill; and that such is the settled con-
struction of the Constitution, lhave no objection,
however, to taking the bill as it stands.
Mr. BELL. As I understand the bill, I think
the Senator from Mississippi must be mistaken.
I understand that, according to the provisions of
the bill, as it now stands, the President has the
power of removal.
Mr. DAVIS, of Mississippi. The bill recognizes
the power.
Mr. BELL. X shall not object to the adoption
of the proposition of the Senator from Maine un-
der the present circumstances, on the announce-
ment made by him that if the amendment offered
by the Senator from New Hampshire is pressed
the passage of the bill must be defeated. Were
that to be so, I should regret it very much, for I
think the bill one of great importance. The Sen-
ator from Mississippi [Mr. Davis] has suggested
that the bill should pass as it stands, and without
saying anything on the subject of the power of the
President to remove, and' that would leave the
power as it has been understood to exist for a long
time, though it has been disputed in both branches
of Congress time after time. But, if I am not ,
mistaken, the bill as it stands provides that these
officers shall be removable by the President. I see
no reason (under this power, as it has been under-
stood to exist so long, for inviting the interference
of the President, by inserting a provision giving j
him the power. His power to remove has hereto- j 1789, and which I believe to have been incorrectly
fore been supposed to exist, independent of the ,j decided—I say, altogether independent of that
will of Congress. It is altogether probable that question, here is a case with which, in a legislative
the President will consider that he has the power J office of this description, we might mingle judicial
until Congress shall make some contrary declara- jj functions; that we might, without interfering with
tion on the subject. ;i the decision of 1789, introduce into this bill such
But, sir, under the suggestion which has been j a provision as has been suggested by the Senator
made by the Senator from Maine, I am not willing 11 from New Hampshire. If, however, gentlemen
to press this question further. I would like to ;j thiiik this provision will endanger the passage of
see the experiment made which is proposed by j; the bill, I am so much devoted to the principle of
this bill, that we may see whether it will an- : the bill, and I think it a matter of so much im-
swer the purpose for which it is designed. I ;l portance to the country, that 1 would be willing to
hope it will; 1 believe it will; but I do not under- ;; give up my views upon this amendment, if by so
stand that the law will be beyond the control of j! doing 1 could secure the passage of the bill.
Cong ess. I hold that by a joint resolution of the .j Mr. BELL. The bill now proposes that the
two Houses of Congress, and the approval of the || power of removal of these officers should be
President, the bill can be repealed at any time;
and I state this to relieve any apprehension that
may exist in the public mind that any great in-
jury can ensue from the trial proposed to be made
of this mode of settling claims against the Gov-
ernment. If other gentlemen, therefore, are wil-
ling that this bill should pass without a provision
limiting the discretion of the President m the ex-
ercise of the power of removal in regard to these
offices, I shall not object. I see that nothing is to
be made in pressing such a provision at this time.
I am sorry to perceive that the honorable Senator
from Maine is retracing his steps on this subject;
for I understood him the other day to be an ad-
vocate for restricting the power of the Executive;
and 1 thought he approved the suggestion for so
modifying the pending amendment as to require
the advice and consent of the Senate to any re
moval by the President. I put it to the Senator
from Illinois whether he too desires to have the
amendment withdrawn. It was on his suggestion
originally that the amendment assumed its present
form.
Mr. BRADBURY. I meant only to suggest
that neither form of amendment would be less ob-
jectionable than that proposed by the Senator from
New Hampshire.
Mr. BELL. I shall not press the matter which
I suggested the other day further; and I decline
to do so only upon the ground suggested by the
Senator from Maine that it might result in its de-
feat.
Mr. DOUGLAS. I rise simply to state that I
vested in the President.
Mr. UNDERWOOD. I should prefer to have
the amendment of the Senator from New Hamp-
shire. I prefer that these officers should not be
removable at the discretion of the President; and
1 see no danger from the adoption of the amend-
ment offered. But, as 1 said before, if this amend-
i j ment is at all calculated to endanger the passage of
j: the bill, I will give it up, in order to secure the
|| bill, which I believe to be one of so much import-
|j ance to the country.
!j 1 have a report in my desk, which I shall offer
j| as soon as 1 can get an opportunity of doing so,
;| which recommends the payment to some of your
|j auditors additional compensation of several thou-
|| sand dollars for the investigation of single cases,
j! It took them, out of office hours, something like
11 four months to make the necessary investigations
i| into a Single case growing out of military trans-
actions in the supply department of the war of
11 1812. This is a solitary case, and there are many
|! cases of the kind of daily occurrence.
|] Mr. HALE. Upon the suggestion of the Sena-
,! tor from Maine, [Mr. Bradbury,] if I understand
ji it, he agrees, if 1 withdraw my amendment, that
I either he or the Senator from Virginia [Mr. Hu.v-
| tek] will move to amend this section by striking
:I out all after the word " President," in the ninth
line. Js that the way I am to understand it?
•! Mr. BRADBURY. 1 made that suggestion,
j Mr. HALE. Then, with the consent of the
j Senate, I will withdraw that amendment.
a. , , , ■   i1 Consent beinggiven, the amendment wasaccord-
ottered no amendment the other day, but that I !| ingly withdrawn.
stated that I concurred in the suggestions which j Mr. BRADBURY. I feel bound to offer the
amendment, as the Senator from New Hampshire
had been made by the Senator from New Hamp-
shire.
Mr. UNDERWOOD. This is not a constitu-
tional office. This office, which we are about to
create by this bill, is in the nature of obtaining in-
formation upon which Congress is to act. The
offices which are about to be created by this bill
do not fall within the ordinary operation of the
Constitution in reference to judicial, legislative, or
executive offices. It is a sort of combined office,
so to speak, of an executive character, and which
acquires a judicial character; but it is not final in
its decisions. It must report to Congress. It is
said, in one part of the bill, that where references
are made to these commissioners by the heads of
departments, or by Congress, in the nature of ar-
bitrators, that an award in the case—that is, the
decision of these arbitrators, made such by the
cooperation of the heads of departments and of
Congress, on the one side, and the acceptance of
such arbitrators by the claimants on the other 
may be made final and conclusive. But in refer-
ence to the other duties which these commis-
sioners are to perform, it is nothing more than a
commission to obtain information upon which Con-
gress is to act; and I see, therefore, that there is a
perfect propriety that, when the Senate appoints '
such commissioners to act for them and the other i
branch of Congress, the President should not at '
his discretion remove these officers and appoint
others, without a consultation of that body which
thus selects the agents who are to obtain mforma-
on which they (Congress) are to legislate.
When this matter was discussed during the last
session of Congress, this distinction was discussed
in the course of many debates, and it was deter-
mined, in the course of that discussion, that either :
branch of Congress had a right to appoint a com- \
mission, and to pay tltat commission out of the !
contingent fund, for the purpose of obtaining such 1
information as it is proposed by this bill to be ob-
tained. Itdoes seem tome, therefore, that wholly '!
independent of the question which was decided in :j
has withdrawn his, and in consequence of the sug-
■ ' gestion that 1 made, supposing that it would re-
| eeive the approbation of the Senator from Vir-
ginia, [Mr. Hunter.] In doing so, however, i
desire tu add that I regard the bili as standing irr
effect precisely the same, whether the clause is
1 stricken out or not. It is wholly immaterial.
' Mr. HUNTER. I desire to say one word, Mr.
; President, by way of explanation. If I had my
! own choice, I would make these officers as inde-
] pendent as possible; but I know that were we to
attempt anything of that kind we could not pass
the bill. I have come to the conclusion that unless
we escape this objection and get a vote upon it
to-day, the bill must, in all probability, fail. It
[ seems to me, therefore, best, if the bill is not right
as it now stands, that we should vote it down,and
if it is right, that we should carry it. 1 will say
further, that I concur in the views of the Senator
from New Hampshire, in making these officers as
independent as it is possible; but that I clearly see
this cannot be done, and the passage of the bill be
effected. If in after time we ha\e removals of
these officers by the President, it will only be be-
cause such removals are usual: and even if we pass
the bill as it is now, we cannot be any worse off
than we are at present. This board is only to try
such cases as are referred to it by the heads of
departments. These (the heads of departments)
are as much removable by the President as this
boaid would be; and it is my opinion that the Pres-
ident would leuiove one or any of the heads of
departments with much less scruple than he would
remove an officer who had received his appoint-
ment for a definite period. How, then, should we
be m a worse position than we are now ? 1 cannot
see that it is possible; because this board is only
to be a board of examiners; they are not to decide
finally. The matter referred to them, so far as
any final operation is concerned, is entirely under
our power. It seems to me, therefore, that, so far
as the removing power is concerned, we shall be
