1850.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOB!.
2063
Mr. HAMLIN. If it is to be done by the navy,
1 am half inclined to believe what the Senator has
said, that it will not be done at all. However, I
think it useless to adopt an amendment so much in
the nature of a private claim or private contract.
I wilt not make the amendment which i suggested,
because I believe we should not put amendments
of this kind on the bill,
The question being taken, by a division, the
amendment was rejected—ayes 16, noes 17.
THE INDIAN APPROPRIATION BILL.
A message was received fiom the House, an-
nouncing that they had agreed to certain amend-
ments made by tjhe Senate to the Indianappropria-
tion bill, had agreed to others with amendments,
and had disagreed to others.
The following are the Senate amendments dis-
agreed to by the House:
" Tlie amendment which struck out in the following item
the sum of $2,00d, and inserted in heu thereof the Mini of
9=1,500: 4 For building at agencies, and repairs thereof, fat
St. Louis.] fc2,0U0.' "
The amendment which inserted the following items:
" For the erection and repairs of building? lor the Choc-
taw Indian agency, five thousand dollars.
"For the ejection of buildings far the Creek Indian
agency, four thousand five hundred dollars.
" For the erection ot buildfnga for the Cheiokee Indian
agency, (to he located according to treaty stipulations,) four
thousand five hundred dollars.
'• Foi the erecton of an agency-house for the use of the
sub-agent for the Osage tribe of Indians, eight hundred dol-
lars.
" For continuing the collection, and foi publishing the
statistics and other information, authorized by the act of
third Marcn, eighteen hundred and forty-seven, ten thou-
sand dollars r  Provided, That such pubhcalion he made
under the direction of the Commissioner of Indian Atfairs,
and the number of copies not to exceed twelve hundred. *
" For the payment to Jeremiah N. Sewell, under the di-
rection ol the Secretary of the Interior, out of any money in
the Treasury not otherwise appropriated, on due and satis-
factory proof being furntshe.Mhat the claims of Peter Pro-
vencal, M« ran, or Chemoquemont, Pen-a-see, Oz-he-me-
e ga, and Maconse, for the several sums due to them, as
shown by schedule B, annexed to the ireaiy with the Sagi- \
rmw baud of Chippewa Indians, on the fourteenth day of j
January, eighteen hundred and thirty-seven, have been reg-
ularly and legally transferred to him, twenty-two hundred
dollars.
"To the Cherokee nation, including those Cherokees still
residing east of the Mississippi river, to be distributed per
capUa, according to the respective lights, and in fall of all
claims under the treaty of 1833, and the supplemental ar<i-
cies of , 1836, according to the principles established
and in pursuauce of the stipulations embraced in the third
and ninth articles ot the treaty or 6th of August, 1846, as
stated in the report of the accounting officer ot the Treasury,
under joint resolution of Congress of 7th ot August, 1848,the
sum of $734 603 37.
"T«  t:ie 1 Old Settlers,' or< Western Cherokees.'m full
of all demand- under the piovUiou< ot the treaty ot 6th of
Aui?u-t, 1B4S, according to the principles established in the
lourth at ticle thereof, §532,896 90; and that interest be
allowed <u d paid upon the above sum-s due let-pec-tiv. l} to
the Cherokees<tnd 'Old Settlers,' in pursuance ot the abuve-
mrntioned avvaid of the Senate, under the reference con-
tained m the said eleventh article of the treaty of the 6th of
August, 1846: Provided, That in no case shall any money
hereby appropriated be paid to any agent of said Indians, or
to any other person or persons than the Indian or Indians to
whom it due.
" To enable the President to hold treaties with the vari-
ous Indian tribes in the State of California, $10 ',000.
" For payment to Lewis A. Thomas and Thomas Rogers,
$500, for ^et vices' rendered by them in defence of two Sioux
Indians, indicted in the distuct court of the United States
for Iowa Terntory, iiolden in the county of Dubuque on the
31th of August, 1845, lor the murder of two white men.
"To pay the Central Bank ot Georgia, alienee to H. W.
Jarnigan & Co., and others, the sum of $21,044.
"For the erection of buildings for the Chippewa sub-
agencv, 000.
"For the payment of the awards of General William 13.
Mitchell, commissioner under the treaty of Chicago, ot the
aoth of Septembei, 18JJ, with the Potaw<tn>unes, reported
by him to the Secretary of War on the 28th of January, J841,
as adjudicated and approved hv the said Secretary in his
decision ot the 3d of March, J841, the sum ot $88,5«y 32."
The amendment which added the following sections:
"Sec.—. -And be it further enacted, That the sum of
$5 000 he, and is hereby, appropriated, to be expended
under the direction ot the President of the United States,
m paunem for the services and expenses of such per-
son or persons ns have been engaged by the provisional
goveintn nt of Utah in conveying communications to and
from the United State*, and the puichase of presents for
such of the Indian tribes as the peace and quietude of the
country require.
u sec. —. And be it further enacted, That the accounting
officers of the United States Treasury be, and are herebj,
dim ted to audit and settle the accounts of the companies
of Texas Mounted Raneers, commanded by Captains B. F.
Hill, J. M. Smith, J. Robeits, J. S. S. Sutton, S. P. Ross, H.
E. McCulloch, J. W. Johnson, and C. lilackweli, who were
retained m or call'd into service bv the Governor of said
State, and out of any money in the Treastuy nbt otherwise
appropriated.
" Sec. . And be it further enacted, That the Secretary
of the Treasury e«tu*e to be paid to David Taylor, as the
lesal representative of his wife and childien, the amount
due to them under the Cherokee treaty of i835-'6, for and
on account ot a reservauon of land to which they were en-
titled under a previous treaty, according to the settlement
of the claim for the s>ame made by the Second Auditor of
the Treasury, pursuant to an opinion of the Attorney Gen-
eral of the United States, dated July 7th, 1846, deducting
whatever amount may have been paid to said David Taylor
under the above-mentioned treaty* and on account of his
life estate interest in adid reservation.
" Sec. —. Jind be it further enacted, That no payment to
any Indian residing in the State of North Carolina be made
until a census be taken which shall exhibit those who re-
mained east at the time of the emigration, and who are en-
titled to share in the per capita distribution under the treaty
of 1838: Provided, That no further payment be made to the-
Inrfrons of North Carolina under the act of the 2iJ«'h of June,
1848, until said census shall be returned to the department;
and that the sum of $5% 33£, set apart for any Indian who
shall have died, or who may die, previous to his or her emi-
gration, shall be paid to the Cherokee nation : Provided,
That the Secretaries of the Treasury and of the Interior be
and are hereby authorized and directed to reserve and cause
to be paid, oiu*of the moneys to be paid through theii re-
spective departments, to the counsel of the Noith Carolina
Cherokee*, a reasonable compensation for their services in
prosecuting the claims of said Cherokees against the United
States.}i
The amendment which struck out of the following item
the words in brackets:
" For the payment in full of a like sum, heretofore wrong-
fully p.iid by the Secretary of War, out of the annuities of
s. id Indians, to the legal representatives of John McFar-
land, deceased, the sum ol §12,000, (to be paid to the said
Winnebagoes 'per capita,' as now requited by law, $1*2,000."]
The following amendment of the Senate was amended
by the addition ot the words in brackets:
" For the additional amount for expenses paid for subsist-
ence, and improperly charged to the treaty fund, according
to the award ol the Senate of the 5th day of September,
1850, under the provi-ions of the eleventh article or the
treaty of 6th day of August, lfe46, $189,422 78; and that in-
terest be paid on the same at the rate of five per cent, per
annum, according to a resolution of the Sen-iteof 5th of
eepiember, 1850: [Provided, That s.ud money shall be paid
by the United States arid received by the Indians, on con-
dition that the same shall be in lull discharge of the amount
thus improperly charged to said treaty fund: Provided, fur-
ther, That in no case vhall any money hereby appropnated
be paid to any agent of said Indians, or to any oilier person
or persons than the Indian or Indians to whom it is due per
capita."]
- Mr. HUNTER moved that the Senate insist
on its arclifhdmerHs; which motion was agieed to.
THE NAVAL APPROPRIATION BILL.
The Senate then resumed the consideration of
the navai appropriation bill.
XVIr. DAVIS, of Mississippi. I have an amend-
ment which 1 wish to offer after the 124th line, as
follows:
" Provided, That ten appointments of midshipmen may
be made by the President, without reference to residence
orco gresaion.tl recommendation."
I will slate that, as at present provided, the
officers of the army not having testdence have had
very little opportunity to get their sons into the
navy. We have a provision of this kind for the
army, allowing the President.to appoint cadets at
large, as it is termed—boys without residence, and
without influence—sons of officers who have spent
their lives in the army and navy, and have had
no opportunity to enter the service.
JVJ r. BUTLER. I concur with my fnend from
Mississippi in that amendment. I will state an
instance in which an officer found it impossible to
get an appointment m the navy for hts son. Col.
Eugene, not having a claim upon his country by
hereditary right, presented hts son to the Navy
Department tor a midshipman's warrant, and the
late Secretary told him that he was not so far a
citizen of South Carolina as to claim the privilege
of presenting his son, though, in my opinion, the
Secretary made a blunder there. I do not know
that the present Secretary would hold that the
same strictness, that men going into the army and
navy are to forfeit the right of giving their sons
an equal right with others, I hold that would be
unjust.
Mr. DAYTON. May I be permitted to ask
whether that is to extend the number of midship-
men provided for by law ?
Mr. DAVIS, of Mississippi, it is not contem-
plated to increase the number—ten appointments
being the whole number that the President can
make, the number of midshipmen to be appointed
being wholly controlled by law. A certain num-
ber are recommended by members of Congress for
the filling: of places as vacancies occur. This
gives the President the power to recommend ten
himself.
Mr. DAVIS, of Massachusetts. If I under-
stand it aright, some district or other is to be va-
cated for every one of these appointments. Now,
1 protest against that, i have found the applica-
tion of that principle to my own part of the coun-
try repeatedly; and when! have made appliea- ]
tion for the appointments for certain districts, I
have been answered that the appointments at large
excluded them, and the consequence has been that
we have not been represented in that branch of the
public service. The districts have been kept open
and vaeant on that account.
Mr. DAVIS, of Mississippi. Does the Senator
say " midshipmen ?"
Mr. DAVIS, of Massachusetts. Cadets. .
Mr. DAVIS, of Mississippi. That is a differ-
ent thing.
Mr. DAVIS, of Massachusetts. Well, it ap-
plies to midshipmen also. These aprointments at
Large are made to the exclusion of congressional
districts. 1 shall vote against it. 1 am quite
willing to vote upon the question of increasing the
number, provided there can be appointments as
there used to be.
Mr. DAVIS, of Mississippi. I wish to reply
briefly to the remarks of the honorable Senator
from Massachusetts. The proposition which X
have submitted to the Senate, would, of course,
if entertained by the Senate, look to the postponing
of some appointments from some congressional-
districts, but not to vacate any one of them. I
was surprised at the answer that the Senator from
Massachusetts said he had received on his appli-
cation for cadets. VA cadet appointed by the Pre-
sident al large as it is termed, does not vacate any
congressional district. He is appointed generally
from those who have no residence, anj cannot
stand m bar of an appointment from any congres-
sional district. Now I piopose to give to the navy
the advantage of the same system that is opera-
ting m the army. I am sure the Senator from Mas-
sachusetts has not understood the reply given to
him, or he who gave the answer was ignorant of
the rules which govern the department.
Mr. DAVIS, of Massachusetts. 4 meant to
refer to midshipmen. 1 suppose i said "cadet"
by mistake.
Mr. DAVIS, of Mississippi. If the Senator
meant to refer to midshipmen, he was mistaken,
'*&2r the President has no such power at all. All
midshipmen are now appointed by recommenda-
tion.
Mr. DAVIS, of Massachusetts. If the Senator
will allow me, perhaps I can place myself right in
regard to that. There was, at a period of the Gov-
ernment, some two years ago, so large a number
of midshipmen appointed, that the districts in my
portion of (he country were kept open, because
they were filled up from other portions of the
country.
Mr. DAVIS, of Mississippi. All that has been
regulated. But there has been this fa&t in the
system, that the son of an officer of the navy, who
one might naturally suppose would be the best
qualified for appoiiument in the navy, is excluded
from it, because his father has lost his citizenship,
and his son must take a residence in some con-
gressional district to get an appointment. Now,
1 wish to remedy that by giving to the President
ten appointments at large for the navy, as he has
for the army.
Mr. DAYTON. I begleave to ask whether any
official of this Government has ever held that an
officer in the army or the navy has lost his lesi-
dence from the fact of his being in the army or
navy, or that his son has lost his residence on that
account?
Mr. DAVIS, of Mississippi. That has been
the construction placed upon the law.
Mr. DAYTON. Now, if we are to legislate
upon any such construction as that, we had better
legislate upon the construction itself; for it is op-
posed to law, to common sense, and common feel-
ing, that a naval officer or an army officer should
thus lose his residence.
Mr. DAVIS, of Mississippi. The Senator from
New Jersey, perhaps, did not hear the case stated
by the Senator from South Carolina, which covered
this very point.
Mr. DAYTON. This is one of those matters
in reference to which I would not legislate upon
any special case. Every lawyer knows very well
that no officer can lose his residence by being
afloat, or at a miittary station, and his family can-
not lose residence in that way. Now, in point of
fact, I submit that it is in the knowledge of us all,
that the sons of these naval officets get into the ser-
vice in some way—t do not know how—with
much more facility than any other class of our
citizens.
