1850.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
969
no worse off then than we are now; and by pass-
ing this bill we shall make a beginning in a good
work of reform, and we may hereafter improve
upon the principle. If the friends of the bill are
willing to take it as it is, I hope they will agree to
vote upon it; for I am strongly 01 opinion that
unless we get a vote upon it to-day, we-shall not
be able to carry it at all.
Mr. WHITCOM B. This is a suitable occasion,
Mr. President, for me to correct a mistake which
was made in the report of my remarks which I
made when this bill was last under the considera-
tion of the Senate. I am represented as saying
that I was in favor of keeping this board beyond
the reach of Executive removal. That was just
the contrary of what I desired to say, and of what
I wished to be understood. The only allusion I
made on the subject of removals by the Executive
was, that the object sought to be attained by the
Senator from New Hampshire, in extending the
time of holding these commissions to twelve years,
was in fact defeated by the power granted to the
Executive to remove at pleasure. I am in favor of
maintaining that feature of the bill as it now stands
1 can confide in the regard for the public welfare
on the part of the President, for the time being, m
the exercise or the non-exercise of that power, as
well as I can confide in the purity of conduct and
integrity of action of this board. That is all 1 de-
sire to say.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The question
is on the motion of the Senator from Maine, to
strike out the words " Shall be removable by the
President."
Mr. TURNEY. I very much doubt the pro-
priety of striking out these words, because, if I
understand their operation—which I think I do—
it appears to me that money may be extracted from
the Treasury to a very large extent, which could
not be the case if these officers were subject to re-
moval. Now, sir, under the existing laws, it re-
quires the concurrent decision of the auditor and
comptroller, before money can be drawn out of the
Treasury. By this bill you are about to establish
a board to try claims. Should the auditor and
comptroller refuse to grant any claim, yet by a de-
cision of a majority of this board—supposing one
of the commissioners not to coincide in the decis-
ion—by this majority of two commissioners, you
are going to overrule the auditor and the comp-
troller and the non-agreeing commissioner. In
other words, two men are to overrule three. I
think this is very far-from giving that protection to
the Treasury which this bill professes to give; and
more than that, you are proposing that these offi-
cers shall not be removable.
Seveial Senators. " No, no; " and " You are
mistaken."
Mr. TURNEY. I think 1 am right. You say
that these officers are not to be removable by the
President. It is now in the bill that they shall be
removable, and it is proposed that that provision
shall be stricken out. I doubt, sir, exceedingly,
the propriety of such a provision at all. It ap-
pears to me, that in creating a court, a mere ma-
jority of which shall have power over the decis-
ions of the auditor and comptroller, so far from
giving an additional guard to the Treasury, it is
only "to bring down those guards which already
exist. So far as the bill provides that that class
of claims coming before Congress for examina-
tion, shall be referred to these commissioners, I
regard it as a bill of vast importance; but I doubt
whether any board, consisting: of three members,
can perform the duty of examining the claims be-
fore Congress, and also act as a revising court over
the auditors and comptrollers. I doubt whether
you are not imposing more labor upon them than
- it will be in the power* of any three men to per-
form. Every claim that is contested, as well as
every claim that is rejected by the auditors and
comptrollers, will be brought before this board;
every claim that may require examination and
labor in arriving at a satisfactory and correct decis-
ion, will be brought before this board; and you
say that two of them may reverse the order of the
comptroller; and thus, sir, it will present to us the
anomaly of two men permitting money to be
drawn out of the Treasury, when three men have
decided that it shall not be drawn out. You take
an appeal to this board; one of these men decides
that it shall not t® be taken out of the Treasury,
but the other two say that it shall; and thus the ma-
jority, consisting only of the two commissioners,
overrule the other commissioner, and the auditor
and the comptroller. This provision, therefore,
strikes me as being exceedingly wrong. Why, it
is proposed to make a 
Mr. HUNTER. If my friend will permit me
to interrupt him for a moment I think I can satis-
fy him that he is laboring under a mistake. The
Board of Accounts will not be allowed to try any
cases except those which are sent by Congress.
If such cases as those to which he refers should
come to them, by way of appeal from the comp-
troller, it will be lightening his labors. There are
a great many cases also in which the Secretary of
the Treasury is called upon to deliver judicial
opinions, and he will be relieved from them also.
Mr. TUR.NEY. I understand this perfectly
well. This proposed change has been an agitated
question ever since the formation of the Govern-
ment. The Secretary of the Treasury, nor any
accounting officer, need not at any time be called
upon to givejudiciai decisions. They are to refer
matters of that sort to the Attorney General, who
is always a man of high character and legal learn-
ing ; and I would prefer now to risk this branch
of the public service in the hands of the Attorney
General rather than in the hands of these officers.
They, as a matter of course, will be inferior in
point of legal attainments to the Attorney General;
they will be men filling a much lower grade of
office. It is to be supposed that the Attorney
General would be a man of a higher and a greater
weight of character than this board; and, sir, I be-
lieve there never has been a complaint of the de-
cision of any Attorney General in allowing money
to be taken from the Treasury. This is the first
time since the formation of the Government that
any decisions of the Attorney General have been
complained of; and because some complaints have
been made of recent decisions, it is now proposed
to change the whole law, and create a different
tribunal altogether over the decisions of the audit-
ors and comptrollers. I know, sir, that a ques-
tion may be taken from the auditors to the board,
and I hold that the practice under this law would
be, in all such cases, where the Secretary of the
Treasury would take the opinion of the Attorney
General, he would grant the appeal to the board,
and you would be conferring much greater power
upon the board in a legal-point of view than upon
the Attorney General. His legal opinion and ad-
vice are not binding or conclusive upon the Secre-
tary of the Treasury. "He may take it or not, as
he pleases; the law does not compel him to uke
it; and thus this board have a direct power to
draw money out of the Tieasury; and, sir, two
men will be drawing money from the Treasury
against the opinion of three. Sir, that would pre-
sent to my mind a very extraordinary state of
things. I think this provision is all-important;
and, for one, I was willing to allow this bill to
pass, hoping that provision would be retained.
But, sir, it is proposed to -amend this bill by
making it a gieat deal worse. I think the bill
should require the concurrent opinion of all the
three commissioners, and that, even then, the
power of removal by the President should be re-
tained.
Mr. BELL. So far as regards the principle I
advocated the other day, it certainly implies that
Congress has the power of removal. 1 withdraw
my opposition to the amendment.
The question was then taken on the amend-
ment, and it was rejected.
Mr. DAWSON. I move to amend the bill by
striking out the words in the 15th line of the 1st
section as follows: "But no one shall hold this
office after he has reached the age of sixty-live
years." Iam opposed, Mr. President, to estab-
lishing the principle that sixty-five years is-fi fair
period for the limitation of the capacity of men in
this country, especially when I look around and
see the various offices of this country filled by men
who are over thatnge; and the aspirants to the
highest offices of the Government are over that
aae. I therefore move to strike out these words.
Many of the seats around me in tins Chamber are
filled by gentlemen who have passed that period
of life; and rpally the condition of the country at
this period, and much of the patriotism which is
displayed in the present day, is displayed by gen-
tlemen who have passed that age, and we rely
upon them for prudence and patriotism. And why
should we undertake the establishment of a prin-
ciple which may be carried out through all the
ramifications of the Government hereafter? Sir,
it may be made art objection to an individual aspi-
ring to the Presidency, that he is beyond that age,
and it would be readily argued that if a man is
incapable of filling the office of commissioner of
claims at such an age, he is certainly incapable of
filling the much higher office of President of the
United States. In my judgment, sir, this is radi- '
cally wrong. I have no doubt that whoever draft-
ed this bill did not reflect upon the consequences
which would naturally grow out of it.
Mr. HUNTER. I have already stated that I
should like to see these words stricken out. I
concur in the amendment.
Mr. HALE. Mr. President, I am in favor of
striking out these words; but I think the Senator
from Georgia must be entirely mistaken when he
talks about the Senators all around him being over
sixty-five years of age. [Laughter.] I know
many gentlemen in office who have many years to
run before they arrive at that venerable period;
and certainly many of the Senators around me
would be unwilling to have so serious a charge
made against them. [Laughter.] To have such
an announcement made here in this presence, T
think, is exceedingly ill-timed and injudicious. I
hope the Senator from Georgia will think over the
matter again. I am, however, in favor of the
amendment.
Mr. DAWSON. I take everything back, es-
pecially so far as it relates to the Chair and the
Senator from New Hampshire. [Laughter.] But
I think in this country the best judgments aie ma-
tured at from sixty-five to seventy-five year^, and
that we are then reaching the prime of life. [Laugh-
ter.] But, seriously, I know that in many in-
stances those who are about that age become more
useful than at any other period; and I am not
going to lower my voice in sustaining a principle
which would go to impute to them weakness,
when they are in the full vigor of their mental
powers.
Mr. BUTLER. While I coincide with the
amendment offered by the Senator from Georgia,
I would remark that I doubt whether any of us
are in a situation to be very impartial on this
subject!
The question was then taken on the amend-
ment, and it was agreed to.
Mr. FOOTE. 1 simply rise to say that 1 doubt
whether we have the constitutional power to make
, such a provision. I have given (he subject con-
i siderable examination, and that is my opinion. 1
believe that to make such a limitation exceeds our •
competency.
The question being then taken upon the motion
to strike out, it was agreed to.
Mr. BRADBURY. I rise to move to amend
the hill by inserting in the 8th line of the 1st
section the word "six" in the place where the
word " twelve" has been stricken^ut; and also m
lines 10 and 12 that the words "two," "four"
and " six" be inserted in the place of "four,"
"eight," and "twelve." The purpose of the
amendment is to make the tenure of office six
years instead of twelve. Id order lo can y out the
principles of the bill, it is necessary that of the
judges first appointed, one shall be for two, one
for four, and one for six years.
Mr. WHITCOMB. 1 shall, if th.it motion is
negatived, move to insert " three" in place of
"six," which is the amendment now offered by
the Senator from Maine. My proposition will
make the tenure of office three years.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. That amend-
ment is not in older at this time.
Mr. WHITCOMB.* I wish merely to say that
I shall introduce it at the proper time, if the
amendment now before us is rejected.
Mr. HALE. I simply desire to give notice that
if this amendment prevail, I shall move to sub-
I stitute for the numbers named, three, six, and
i nine.
[ Mr. BUTLER. As that is the highest number
| the question should be taken on that first.
| The PRESIDING OFFICER. There has been
i but one amendment offered, and that is .to insert
" six in place of " twelve," " four" in place of
" eight," and " two" in place of " four."
Mr. BUTLER. I understood the Senator from
New Hampshire as indicating a purpose of offer-
ing three, six, and nine^ as a substitute; and the
question on the longest tune is always taken first.
Mr. HALE. I move to amend the amendment
