970
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
May 9,
of the Senator from Maine, so as to make the terms
three, six, and nine years.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. If the amend-
ment of the Senator from Maine be rejected, then
the Senator cannot submit the proposition to
amend.
Mr. HALE. Is it not a fair subject of amend-
ment to alter the time? Have 1 not a right to
modify the amendment of the Senator from Maine,
by moving " nine" instead of " six," " six" in-
stead of " four," and " three" instead of "two?''
I desire to aval! myself of the suggestion of the
Senator from South Carolina, and have the vote
taken on the longest peiiod first. If it is not in
order I shall wa<ve it, but it strikes me that it is
jn order as an amendment to the amendment.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. If it is to fill
up a blank it will be in order to make the motion,
^n4 the vote will he taken on the longest time first.
;^r. HALE. The provision was stricken out
;yesterday, and the motion is to fill the blank thus
created.
V The PRESIDING OFFICER. And there are
' other portions of the bill which it is proposed to
amend, which have not been stricken out.
Mi MILLER. 1 would inquire of the Chair
whether, if the motion of the Senator from Maine
prevail, it will be in order to move to strike out
the number of years, and to insert otheis?
The PRESIDING OFFICER. It will not be
in order to strike out words that have been adopt-
ed by the Senate.
Mr. MILLER. Will it not be in order to
amend the amendment before the vote is taken
upon it ?
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The question
will be on filling the blank created by striking out
the word u twelve." The question will be taken
first on the longest term proposed.
Mr. BRADBURY. Do I understand that the
vote is to be taken first on the proposition of the
Senator from New Hampshire?
Several Senators. The longest term first.
Mr. BRADBURY. I beg leave to trouble the
Senate.witn a single remark. It will be perceived
that the proposition to be voted on is for a longer
period than 1 have proposed. Even that term does
not meet the views of some Senators who prefer
one still longer. Others wish the term to be only
three years. It is obvious ihatall cannot be grati-
fied-, and I would suggest that six years is the
medium period, and one, therefore, which Will be
0 likely to unite the greatest number of supporters.
The subject was much discussed the last session
in the other House, and six years was the term
which commended itself to the majority. I am
satisfied that it is the term which will be most
generally satisfactory; and I hope that Senators
who have proposed extremes will not persist in
them, and that the term of six years will be gen-
erally concurred in.
Mr. BU FLER. I should have greatly preferred
a term still longer than twelve years. My prefer-
ence for an office like this is for a life tenure. I
am willing, however, to go for nine years. Bui,
sir, if you reduce the term of office to three years,
. as is proposed by my friend who sits near me,
[Mr. Whitcomb,] or even in adopting the term of
six years, we shall run the risk of incurring the
objection, which, in my opinion, ought to be faial
to the bill—namely, that these offices will be be-
stowed by the President as political rewards. Even
at six years, the objection is good; and, besides,
officeis worthy of the place ought not to be brought
here upon an uncertainty. Nine years, it seems to
me, is reasonable; but if you go on reducing the
term to six or tinee years, I do not know that I
can give my sanction to the bill. The offices will
be filled by a set of political hacks; and, for my
part, I am just as willing that the public accounts
should be settled in any other way as by such a
board of officer?.
Mr. BRADBURY. Six years is the proposed
tenure. It is the same term as that for whicn
Senators themselves hold their office. If the offi-
cers are well selected, they will be likely to be per-
manent; and if the choice shoul^ happen to be
unfortunate, then most certainly a change should
be made. I see no reason to doubt that the tenure
wiii be sufficiently permanent.
The question being tiffin taken upon the propo-
sition submitted by Mr. Halc, to make the term
of the commissioners niniyears, it was rejected.
Mr. WHITCOMB. It seems to me that a
strange obliquity of vision seizes us on coming ]j
here, in relation to the salaries and terms of service jj
; of public functionaries. The idea seems to pre- L
vail that all offices connected with the Federal jj
Government, must be for larger salaries and longer jj
I terms, than those to which similar functions are
assigned in the several States. Who would pro-
pose that the tenure of office of an auditor or comp-
troller of a State, should be for six years ? And
yet there is as great a necessity for experience in
the management of public accounts in officers there,
as in tho&e here, and the facilities for gaintng i
are, perhaps, less. A good officer will commend
himself for continuance in office, by his integrity
j and efficiency, a bad one cannot be removed too
soon. 1 am in fav4orof the three years term.
Mr. BALDWIN. I confess that I have some
doubt of the propriety of enacting a law of this
description, unless we provide for a sufficient
tenure of officers who are to adjust these contro-
versies. This law authorizes the appointment of
commissioners, who are to consider certain con-
troversies between the United States and individ
uals, which they are riot authoiized finally to
decide, but are required to report to Congress for
their subsequent action. But there are ceitain
other controversies, which, by the terms of this
bill, this board thus constituted, are to decide con-
clusively between the United States and individual
claimants. They are to make those decisions,
after going thiough all the forms of a judicial in-
vestigation. The parties are to be heard by their
counsel, an attorney is to be appointed to represent
the interests of the Government, testimony is to be
taken as in ordinary litigation between parties to
a controversy. Why, then, when this tribunal
are to decide conclusively the lights of the United
States on one side, and the rights of the party
litigating with the United States on the other, is it
not an exercise of judicial power within the mean-
ing of the Constitution, which declares that the
judicial power shall extend to all cases arising
under this Constitution, the laws of the United
States, treaties made, &c., and to controversies to
which the United States shall be a party ? Now,
sir, so far as the action of this board is that of a
mere investigating committee of Congress, whose
duty it is to ascertain frets, and report them to
Congress for their ultimate decision, they do not
act as a judicial tribunal; but, so far as they are
invested by the terms of this att#wnh a power of
■ deciding definitively and conclusively on litigated
; controversies with the United States, and where
; evidence is introduced upon one side or the other,
: it appears to me, they act in the character of a
1 judicial tiibunal, and exercise power which is con-
; ferred by the Constitution only upon those who
are to hold their offices by the tenure of good be-
havior.
Mr. HUNTER. The gentleman perhaps is
not aware that the departments now hear cases
which are submitted to them. This bill, then, in
many respects, only requires this officer to do what
has been already done by the comptroller and
heads of depaitments.
Mr. BALDWIN. These mere executive offi-
cers of the Government act administratively, and
not judicially, as it isprovided these commissioners
snail.
Mr. WHITCOMB. The honorable Senator
from Connecticut, it seems to me, labors under a
misapprehension. The functionsconfened by this
: bill on the Board of Accounts, are not more judi-
1 cial in extent or character, than those already
! exercised under existing laws by the accounting
officers whose decisions the board is to supervise,
except that the decisions of the board are to be final,
I In one sense, some judical power is exercised in
I each case. Now, to that feature of the bill—the
| feature which gives this board the power of revis-
1 ing and reversing the decisions of the proper
j accounting officers, I am opposed. I am willing to
j make them.simply an initiative board, to see that
1 evidence is properly taken in relation to claims,
j and to report such evidence, with their opinions
j thereon, for the final action of Congress. I am also
j willing to authorize and require them to examine
; into and report upon the public accounts and the
| state of the finances—an important duty, which, it
I seems, no committee of Congress has performed
i oris likely to perform, thoroughly or satisfactorily,
j Beyond this 1 am not willing the power of this
' board shall extend, and at a suitable time I shall
I move an amendment to carry out these views.
The amendment to fill the blank with "six "
was then agreed to; and the Chair announced that
the other portions of the bill would be made to
correspond.
Mr. DAVIS, of Mississippi. I move to strike
out all after the word "conclusive," in the 24th
line of the first section, down to the word " United
States," viz: " it shall also be the duty of the said
board to examine quarterly the public accounts in
the several Executive Departments of the Govern-
ment and in the Patent Office, and make report as
to the condition of these accounts, or of any errors
which may have been detected either as to the
statement of amounts or the method m which they
are kept. These reports shall be made annually
to Congress, and quarterly to the President of the
United States."
I think this board should consist of men of the
highest judicial qualifications; if so, they will least
of all be adapted to ferreting out the detects, blun-
ders, and malfeasances of clerks. That would be
the qualification of a constable, and not of ajudge.
We have now an organization in each depart-
ment. We have a distinct head for each depart-
ment, and, so far as I am able to judge, our organ-
ization is very complete. If this responsibility
be divided between the heads of departments and
this board of commissioners, I think it will be a
great evil to the country—a great injuiytothe
efficiency of the depaitmcnts. If it relieves the
head of the department of some labor, n strips
him of an equal amount of power; it strips him of
an equal amount of dignity, and greatly impairs
the efficiency of the department. These are the
mam reasons which have influenced me in offer-
ing this amendment.
Mr. HUNTER. I hope the amendment will
not prevail. I do not agree with the Senator from
Mississippi that the judicial qualifications of these
officers would unfit them for the duty of examining
into these accounts. It is one of those matters
which require special knowledge, and, because
they are lor a long term of years, they will be
much more capable of looking into them than any
one eise, and see that they are kept according to
the proper system, and what changes, if any, are
necessary to be made. The heads of departments
are generally politicians, men of eminence, and a
great deal of general knowledge, but they cannot
be expected to have that special knowledge which
is necessary in order to enable them to perform
these investigations. As a proof of it, you have,
according to the standing rule of the House of
Representatives, committees appointed for the
purpose of examining into the accounts of the
departments. They have never accomplished
anything, to be sure. But why? Because they
have not time to attend to it, and they have not
that sort of special knowledge which is necessary
to enable them to discharge their investigating
duties faithfully and intelligently.
Sir, I believe this measure will relieve the heads
of departments of matters which ought not prop-
eily to come within their duties. It will give the
heads of departments the assistance of a valuable
and enlightened board to make these investiga-
tions, and make such changes as are necessary in
the system of keeping the public accounts. 1 be-
lieve that whoever will go into the departments
and examine the condition of the accounts, and
the mode in which they are kept, will acknowl-
edge that some changes ought to be made; that
something of this kind is wanted. But, sir, I
will not dwell longer on the subject. I have some
two or three times presented my views at laige,
and to these views 1 have now nothing to add.
Mr. DAVIS, of Mississippi. In reply to the
Senator from Virginia, I will suppose the board to
be organized with such men as he has described.
Let them go, for instance, to the Qudrtermuster's
Department. To them it would be a wilderness
of papers, in which they would be hopelessly lost
unless the Quartermaster should guide them. Let
them go to the Engineering Buieau. Let them go
to any of those offices which have been long; es-
tablished, the result must be the same. They
cannot do good; they may do harm. I look upon
it as an offence offered to the head of any bureau
or department to say, as this bill in ell eel says,
that he is so incompetent, so unwilling to do his
duty, that he cannot detect, and will not punish,
derelict cleiks, and report their malfeasances I
hold it to be a reflection upon a department to
imagine that it is necessary to raise a commission
