1850.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
971
whose regular duty'shall be to examine into its
accounts. When such examination is necessary,
it should be specially ordered and rigorously per-
formed. The Senator has said very justly, that
the committees of the House, to which he has re-
ferred, have not time to perform the investigations
which should be made by them. Will this board
have more tim#? if they are to have all those
claims before them that now go to the committees
of Congress, can they add to those investigations
the additional labors of inspecting the details of
the accounting officers? I think they will have
much less instead of any more time than our com-
mittees.
Mr. HUNTER. I said the other day, and I
repeat now, that, although this measure is now
here, it is not new to other countries. The French
have a boaid of accounts, and they perform many
more duties than we propose to assign to this
board. They do them efficiently and readily by
sitting but three times a week. Every item of
account comes before them for revision, and they
have a much larger expenditure than we have.
Mr. DAVIS, of Mississippi. We are a nation
of sovereigns, Mr. President, and very many of
these sovereigns have claims before Congress. In-
dividuals, as well as disbursing officers, have ac-
counts before our departments. There is in the
character of the claims a great difference between
the accounting officers of the United States and
those of France.
Mr. UNDERWOOD. Mr. President, it is
proposed by the Senator from Mississippi to strike
from the bill so much of it as requires this board
to examine into the accounts of the departments,
and report to the President quarterly, and to Con-
gress annually on the condition of those accounts.
1 shall vote with the gentleman from Mississippi to
strike out, upon the ground that this board will
not have time to execute all these duties, by ex-
amining these accounts and settling the various
claims that may come before them. I think it be-
longs to Congress to make an annual examination
into all these offices here, but I have never known
it to be done. I was once appointed chairman of a
committee in the other House to examine into the
accounts of one of the departments. I never could
get a quorum of the committee at the department
to make an examination. 1 presume there never
has been an examination and report by one of
those committees. In all the State governments,
committees are annually appointed to go and ex-
amine the accounts of the different offices, and
report upon the condition of the books, the
nature of the accounts, the service rendered by
the officer, and the manner in which everything
"presents itself. Jt ought to be done here; but
whether it ever will be done is another matter. It
never has been done here. I could give you instance
after instance, showing the propriety of having it
done. I do not believe you have an alphabet in
any of the departments that will enable you to
tell to whom land warrants have been granted.
And unless you know the company or the regi-
ment, and then the name of the soldier, I doubt
very much whether you can find even the name,
unless it has been granted to his heirs, his father,
brothers, or sisters, &c. I will not go into this
subject. I could give you fact after fact, showing
the'propriety of these examinations, but 1 believe
this board will not have time to do this; and if
Congress shall act hereafter, as they have done
heretofoie, I do not see that there ever will beany-
thing of this kind done.
The question now is, whether this board can do
all these duties, which we ourselves ought to per-
form, and, besides that, settle all claims biought
against the Government. It seems to me that they
will hardly have the time to do it, and, iherefore,
as this is a bill, taking, I think, an initiative step in a
great reform, and will do greatgood, 1 am. notdis-
posed to burden these officers with too many du-
ties. But if it is found, on one year's trial, that
they will have any leisure time, I assure my friend
from Virginia that 1 shall go with him to occupy
their time beneficially. But I do think there is a
great deal of reason in the course suggested by
the Senator from Mississippi, and, therefore, I
will support his amendment.
Mr. CASS. Mr. President, I can see no pos-
sible ob|ection to trying this experiment. What
harm will it do? What malfeasance is there pre-
supposed ? None whatever. It is only presup-
posed that the heads of departments have not time
to examine into these accounts. We will lose
nothing by this experiment. If the board report
; that they cannot perform the duty, then we can
take it from them. I do not see any practical use
in the amendment.
i Mr. UNDERWOOD. It was suggested by the
| Senator that there would be no propriety in divi-
! ding their duties. Now, if you impose upon them
! more than they can perform, and they will have
i to neglect either the claims or the accounts, it does
i seem to me that, unless we adopt the amendment,
; these officers will be burdened with more than
, they can perform; and, if that is done, which will
, they neglect ? It may be a pretext, as it is in other
; cases, for neglecting the whole.
I Mr. CASS. I believe that they will be able to
| perform both classes of duties.
The question was then taken on the amendment
of Mr. Davis, and it was not agreed to.
Mr. UNDERWOOD. I believe the committee
neglected a small matter, which is nevertheless of
some importance. It is to provide a messenger
for this board. I think it a very .important matter
for their convenience and the dispatch of their
business, that they should have a messenger. I
therefore move to insert in the sixth line of the
twelfth section, after the words per annum, the
words "a messenger, whose salary shall be $500
per annum." I will add to this amendment these
words, "and the said board may remove their
messenger without reporting to Congress."
Mr. WHITCOMB. If the Senator will modify
his amendment, so as to insert a provision for a
messenger, in lieu of the provision for an assistant
clerk, I shall feel more like voting for it. I cannot
see that two clerks are necessary. I therefore ask
the Senator from Kentucky to modify his amend-
ment, by substituting in place of the clause making
provision for the assistant clerk, the words " and
a messenger if it be necessary," &c.
Mr. UNDERWOOD. I hardly think myself
that an assistant clerk is necessaiy. But I thought
that the committee had probably investigated the
matter, and therefore I did not wish to interfere
wnh what the committee had done. 1 will then
consent to modify my amendment by proposing to
strike out the words " and an assistant clerk if it
be necessary, at a salary of $1 500," and insert
in lieu thereof the words, " and a messenger at a
salary of $500 per annum."
The amendment was adopted.
Mr. WHITCOMB. I now move to amend the
fifth line of the 12th section by striking out of it
"18" and inserting "14." I understand $1,400
is the highest salary given to any clerk, except the
chief clerks of departments or of bureaus, and per-
haps a very few others.
Mr. DAWSON. I ask for a division of the
question on sinking out and inserting.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The question
is not divisible.
Mr. DAWSON. Then I will say that this
office of clerk will be a very laborious one. The
clerk will have nearly as much to do as the com-
missioners. His labor will be excessive. The
salary of $1,800 is not too much, and in my opin-
ion is not enough to induce a person to come here
and settle down with a family. 1 hope the amend-
ment will not prevail.
The amendment was rejected.
Mr. WHITCOMB. I now move to amend the
first section of the bill by striking out all fiom the
word "pending," in the nineteenth line, to the
word " cases," in the twenty-second line, both in-
clusive.
The effect of this amendment, Mr. President,
will be to takefiom the boaid their power as an
appellate tribunal from the accounting officers. It
is to confine their dunes simply to preparing claims
for the consideration of Congress. 1 shall not
make a speech on this matter; but I wish to state,
as briefly as possible, the reasons whieh have in-
duced me to offer this amendment. In addition to
the reasons alieady briefly given for this amend-
ment,! fearthat this supervising power proposed to
be exercised over the decisions of the proper ac-
counting officers, and the pi lviltge allowed to these
officers to leferany cases to the board, even before
any decision is made upon them, will be a great
inducement to these officers who are now known
to the law, and are legally responsible for the dis-
charge of their duties, to shuffle off their responsi-
bility upon this board. The labor in this respect,
will only be shifted from one officer to another,
and so far what do you gain ? The responsibility
of a final decision in every case, must rest some-
where, and why not let it remain where it is? It
is supposed, perhaps, that the board will exercise
a watchful scrutiny over the accounting officers as
now established by law. But do they need scru-
tiny, or do they need it more than the board will ?
Who will watch the watchers?
To make the context of the section harmonious,
I also move to strike out of the 24th line the words,
"the decision upon ail such cases shall be final
and conclusive."
Mr. HUNTER. The object of the amendment
seems to be to leave to this board the decision
only of sucH' cases as will have to be referred by
them to Congress.
Mr. WHITCOMB. That is it.
Mr. HUNTER. I think it will turn out in the
end to relieve Congress and the heads of depart-
ments very much. The appellate jurisdiction, as
it is called, of this board, extends only tosuch cases
as are referred to it by the heads of departments.
Those cases often require judicial investigation.
The Secretary of the Treasury has had referred to
him cases arising out of the Mexican and Florida
wars, which involve judicial questions, and which
will take him months to determine. Such a board
as this would relieve the departments of many of
these cases. I hope the amendment will not pre-
vail.
The amendment was rejected.
Mr. DAVIS, of Mississippi. I move to strike
out of the fifth line of the twelfth section the words
" whose salary shall be ยง1,800 per annum," and
insert m lieu thereof the words " whose salary
shall be equal to that of clerks of the first grade
next to the chief clerks in the other .departments."
1 will state that there is nothing so unequal as the
salaries of the clerks of the departments. The
chief clerks receive m some of the departments
ยง1,GOO, and in others $1,800. There are a great
number of the oldest and most competent clerks
performing laborious duties for $800, $1,000, and
ยง1,200 per annum. I have long desired the gen-
eral equalization of the salaries of the cieiks. The
bill, as it now stands, proposes to give to the clerk
of this subordinate bureau, about to be created, a
salary equal to that of a chief clerk in many of the
departments.
Mr. PRATT. Mr. President, I doubt whether
the amendment of the Senator from Mississippi is
in order. Upon the amendment of the Senator-
from Indiana, which was rejected by the Senate, a
proposition to strike out $1,800 and insert $1,400
was distinctly made and acted upon. Now, the
proposition of'theSenator from Mississippi, though
couched in different language, is identically the
same, for the salary of the grade of clerks to which
the amendment refers is J>1,400 per annum. The
chief clerlis in the departments receive $1,800, the
next grade of clerks receive $1,400; so mat the re-
sult of the proposition of the Senator from Missis-
sippi is, if he means the chief clerks, to leave the
bill as it now stands; but, if he means the second
grade of clerks, then the proposition has been al-
ready proposed by the Senator from Indiana and
rejected by the Senate. I therefore think the
amendment out of order.
The PRESIDING OFFICER overruled the
point of order, the motion being to su ike out and
insert other matter than that embraced in the mo-
tion referred to.
Mr. BERRIEN. I think the Senator fiom Mis-
sissippi may defeat his own objeU; for there is a
clerk, independent of the chief clerk, in one depart-
ment, who receives a salary of $2,000, so that the
effect of his amendment may be to raise the com-
pensation of this officer to that sum.
Mr. CASS. I would suggest that it would be
better to name some specific sum, as there is a
class of clerks who receive $1,600, and the amend-
ment mi;;lit be constiued so as to allow that salary
to this clerk.
The amendment was rejected.
Mr. BALDWIN moved to amend the first sec-
tion of the bill by erasing from the nineteenth line
the words " and determine," and from ihe twenty-
third line the words "the determination of," and
from the twenty-fourth line the woids "and their
decisions upon all such cases shall be final and
conclusive," and to insert in lieu of the last-men-
tioned words the following; "And shall report to
the head of such department or to Congress their
