072
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
May 9,
opinion thereon." The section, if amended, will
read:
" It shall be the duty of this board to hear all cases pend-
ing in any department which may have arisen out of any
Jaw or positive regulation which may be referred to such
board by the head of such department, and all cases which
way be referred by Congress to said board, and shall report
to the head ef such department or to Congress their opinion
thereon."
The amendment, if adopted, will remove an ob-
^ jection which exists, in my judgment, to "the bill
in its present form; invests the board with judicial
power to determine finally and conclusively upon
controversies to which the United States is a party,
•without giving to those who are to exercise it the
independent tenure of office prescribed by the
Constitution for a judge. 1'hose who are to de-
cide finally between the Government and a citizen
ought to be m a situation to act independently,
and not under the influence of a fear of removal.
Mr. TURNEY. The amendment will obviate
an objection which I expressed to the bill, that two
meft would have the power to overrule the decision
' of three; but if the case be referred back again to
the head of the department, as the amendment pro-
poses, that head of department will have before
him the opinions of the Auditor and Comptroller,
and also the opinions of these three commission-
ers, so that he will be better able to judge of the
merits of the case. I think the amendment is a
decided improvement of the bill.
Mr. PRATT. This, sir, isthe only amendment
which has yet been offered, the concurrence in
which by the Senate will make me feel indifferent
as to the passage of the bill. I only feel anxious
in regard to the passage of the bill, because I be-
lieve the interests of the public creditors of the
United States imperatively demand it at our hands,
as an act of justice to them. I do not see how we
can progiess at all towards the attainment of that
object if we adopt an amendment by which these
officers, appointed by us, according to the theory
of the biil, to determine with reference to the rights
of those creditors, will oniy be required to report
to Congress. Why, sir, the committees report to
Congress now. You have upon your table, per-
haps, some hundreds of bills, reported session after
session, in favor of debts due to the public credit-
ors; and yet these bills are unacted upon.. The
effect of this amendment is, that these officers,
about which we have taken so much trouble, are
to examine the subjects referred to them, and then
report to Congress. If that were so, it would, in
my opinion, render this board entirely useless, and
*it would be, as some gentlemen suggest, a waste of
money.
I am perfectly willing that any other amendment
may be adopted, which wdl not endanger the pas-
sage of the biil. I do not think the Senate ought
to be particular as to the entire perfection of its
details, because, after that board is appointed, we
may at any time increase or diminish its duties.
After the botnd has gone into operation and we
have seen its cffect, it can and will be amended.
But the great object is to have such a board, m
order that the pub'ic creditors may have their de-
mands upon the Government examined and de-
termined upon. Congress may hereafter, at any
time, incorporate upon this bill, by way of an
amendatory act, anything that is desired. I hope
this amendment will not prevail.
fVJr. BALDWIN. In regard to all the other
claims provided by this bill to be submitted to the
board, it is already declared that the decision of
the board shall be reported and acted upon there-
after by Congress. All claims founded upon equi-
table considerations, notwithstanding the investi-
gation of this board, notwithstanding their decision
with regard to their equity, are to be acted upon by
Congress. My object is to place all the claims,
either legal or equitable, that may be refened to
this board, upon the same basis. I would divest
the board entirely of the exercise of judicial power,
because I do not believe that it is competent for us
to invest this board with any portion of the judi-
cial power of the Government, unless they are ap-
pointed and hold their office by the same tenure as
other judicial officers—that is, during good beha-
vior.
The question being taken on the amendment, it
was rejected.
Mr. BRADBURY. I propose an amendment,
to insert after the word " same," in the tenth line
of the eighth section, a3 follows:
And the principles upon which their decision rests, sta-
ting also the facts thus found to be established, under appro- j
priate heads, together with such history of the claim as shall i
show what acUon, it any, has been had thereon by Congress ;
or any of the departments; who is the owner thereof; and (
if an assignee, when, and for what consideration he became ]
interested therein. j
The amendment was agreed to. j
i Mr. HALE moved to amend by adding at the
end of the amendment just adopted, the words "as
far as practicable."
The amendment was adopted.
The bill was then ordered to be engrossed for a
third reading, and was then read a third time by
its title, and the question was stated to be on the
passage of the bill.
Mr. HOUSTON. There are various amend-
i ments to this bill, which I have not heard, nor am
1 I apprised of what they are. I have not regarded
j it as a measure favorable to the attainment of any
valuable object. For upwards of fifty years the
! country has been enabled to get along without the
| creation of any board of accounts, unless it was
| a temporary board, once created in this place. If
I the auditors and officers now created by law are
l not sufficient for the adjustment of accounts, I
| cannot conccive of any advantage that will result
; to the country from the creation of this board. If
• it is necessary to render any additional assistance,
i or create any additional number of officers to dis-
I patch the business in the various offices, I am
ready and willing at all times to render my aid.
j But to create a board of this description, upon
j which I think Congress will be mainly dependent
| for its action and its judgment, I am unwilling. If
\ Congress, with the aid of the several accounting
i | officers of the several departments, is unable to
!! dispa#h the business, I think it will be throwing
i; too great a responsibility upon the officers created
I for this especial purpose, if they are created in-
!■ dependent of the Government with a moderate
! salary—and no remarks 1 shall make on this oc-
j casion can apply to any individual, for no names
j: have been suggested to fill these offices—if they
are appointed, with moderate salaries, we know
, the influences and appliances that are made, the
j; want-s created by the necessity of individuals who
j will have to transfer their residence to this place
i; from some remote part of the country, and 1 think
!, the salary proposed would not be sufficient to sus-
■ tain them a year. It would be inadequate to the
I: duties and expenses incident to a residence in this
], place. Therefore, I think it well that they should
i' be appointed for life, or if possible for two life-
i times. The plan forcibly suggests to me the fable
of the fox and the swallow. If you were to ap-
1 point the officers of this board for life, they might,
after a time, by means which would certainly be
1 applied, secure enough to live independently, or
i become rich; but if you exchange them from time
i' to time, and make the time shoit, the consequence
| will be that eveiy gentleman must aggrandize
himself as far as he can. I have had some ex-
perience, and some observation in settling accounts
m this city. If the accounting officers are not
honest, if they are not capable, if the experience
of years, and the revision of the successive heads
, of departments are not sufficient to restrain them,
let new faculties be added to them; but do riot
.create new means of corruption and misapplica-
tion of power. Claims have been pending here
1 since I came to this Senate, and I do know that
: ramifications anil influences are not much beyond
, what is calculated. It can be seen that around
>' this city, there are individuals concerned, con-
nected, and operating with indirect influences, not
only upon this body, but upon all the officers of
1 the Government; and unless you get men who
j, are placed above all necessity of dishonesty, those
j. pleas which sviil be presented to them, of neces-
■ ' sity and of the suffering of families, of great
I wrongs endured by them, and the high claims of
ij justice, may induce these gentlemen to yield a de-
cision prejudicial to the interests of the United
States
I well know that in Texas a board of this de-
'i scription was formed. One of the executive offi-
j; cersof the administration was at the head of that
;! board;and I remember that m six months, though
^ it was not a difficult task, Texas was bankrupt,
| and this law was repealed. Why was it repealed?
[| Because allowances had been made by that board
n notonly destructive to the treasury of the countiy,
ij but to its moral condition, and claims were created
ji of every description and brought in from all por-
ij lions of the country, which were granted.
After the invasion of this city by the British in
1814, a temporary board was creeled, to settle
claims, and the wrongs were so manifest, the cor-
ruptions so evident, that Congress knocked it on
the head the first opportunity it had. You may
depend upon it that the evils growing out of an
institution of this kind will be ruinous. If the
safeguards that have existed during the period
that this Government has existed fail, I do not
hope in these modern times to find any expedient
that will remedy the defccts. Give more aid, if
necessary; give men of the highest integrity and
capacity, and make the responsibility direct, with-
out running through all the lumber that Congress
will have to do, to detect theacts of these commis-
sioners. Sir, it will form a chain too long and
strong to be wound around this Government, if it
is adopted. The treasury will be opened only to
men through corrupting influences and appliances
unwholesome to the character of this Government.
But it is said that France has done this. What is
the consequence? France has auditors of ac-
counts; that is, they have a board of accounts.
And what is the consequence? The French treas-
ury is always empty; always begging, borrowing,
or repudiating. Until we see there has been an
utter failure, and that Congress cannot get along
with the business that necessarily devolves upon
it, let us adhere to the system we have pursued.
Nor does this board diminish the business of
Congress; for Congress has to revise their acts.
Who is there here who would act upon any com-
mittee that would be appointed, and go into a
revision and scrutiny that would detect the frauds
which might be practised upon this Government?
I do not say that I should be more strict than oth-
ers, but I think we are all too remiss. If we
looked into them, we might find abundant reason
to believe that dishonesty had been practised.
Men have been lingering here for nine years
Owing to what? To a misapplication of time, and
because attorneys are claiming a certain division
of their property; and they, poor fellows, are
bound down and ground down by penury and
want, when the Government owes them thousands
and tens of thousands of dollars which* they are
unable to obtain, because the influence of these
men is so far extended that the officials of the Gov-
ernment have not manliness enough to do an act
of justice to these claimants, if these men oppose
it. What must be the disposition of him who
had the charge of such claims against the Govern-
ment? And what man is there who had the
power of disposing of the ten thousand contingent
fees, who would not yield ? He must be a man
divested of avarice, and must stand enthroned in
majesty and integrity far above men that are gen-
erally known to the world, who have been plated
in positions of that character where great tempta-
tions have been offered.
But, sir, where will you get them? (and I am
glad that my remarks cannot apply to any indi-
vidual, as no one has been suggested to fill any of
these stations.) If you give them this petty salary,
it will be inadequate to the demands of their ex-
travagance, elegance, or taste. They must sus-
tain dignity ami character—and then virtue will
yield, and then honest integrity will become more
convenient with the petty corruptions of the times,
in which they live. They will yield by degrees,
from one step to another, and you will find them
finally immersed in deep corruption. Sir, I would
sooner rely upon two auditorial departments in
this Government, than any board of this desciip-
tion on earth. Moreover, if I have read this bill
aright, it presumes so much upon the virtue of the
appointees, that really it does not require the ad-
ministration of an oath for the discharge of their
duties with integrity and fidelity. There is no
oath prescribed for the commissioners. They are
not required to take an oath. They are not to act
like Senators, for they act under an oath. But it
is upon honor that "this board of accounts is to
act. If this bill were to become a law, 1 would
screw them down most strictlv; and I would see
that they were held accountable to conscience as
well as to the laws of the country, and you will
find both necessary.
Why has not England found out this expedient ?
They have an excellent set of auditorial officers
there, I am told; the treasury is well guarded with-
out any board of accounts. We are for mutating
England in most matters—cheap postage, and
others of that character. They generally lead the
