1850.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
073
way in such matters. I would be for waiting
for England to lead the way in matters of this sort,
before I introduced innovations upon the institu-
tions of our own country. Before I do that, I
would regard the experience of the past. Our
business is to adjust accounts against the Govern-
ment, where equity applies, and the law does not
cover the case; and where it is a subject of justice
without law, Congress has competency, in con-
nection with the coordinate departments of the
Government, to award to every man his just due.
Under these circumstances I never can, and never
will, vote for an auditorial board, unless I wish to
see privileges and powers accorded to a few selected
men, infirm in their nature as all humanity is.
Till we have higher guarantees than we now have,
or have ever had, I will never trust them with
power which shall place them beyond the control
of this body.
Mr. BRADBURY. I would like to ask if the
honorable Senator from Texas intends to state that
he waited for the example of England, when he
was instrumental in establishing a republican form
of government m Texas?
Mr. HOUSTON. In pecuniary matters alone;
not in politics. I have not commended her political
course as worthy of imitation; nor have I thought
it a fit example for us to follow. But, as we have
done it recently in some things, I did not know
but it might be as well to do so in this case. Cer-
tainly the English Treasury is as well guarded as
that of Prance, with its board of accounts.
Mr. WALKER called for the yeas and nays on
the passage of the bill; "and, being taken, they
were as follows:
YEAS—Messrs. Bell, Benton, Berrien, Borland, Brad-
bury, Bright, Butler, Cass, Chase, Clarke, Cooper, Corwin,
Davis of Massachusetts, Davis of Mississippi, Dawson,
Dickinson, Dodge of Wisconsin, Dodge of Iowa, Downs,
Elmore, Felch, Greene, Hale, Hunter, K i nt\ Mason. Miller,
Morton, Pratt, Sebastian, Smith, Soul£, Spruance, Turney,
Underwood, and Yulcc—36.
NAYS—Messrs. Atchl.-on, Badger, Foote, Houston, Man-
gum, Norn's, Shields, and Walker—8.
On motion, it was ordered, that when the Senate
adjourns, it adjourn to meet on Monday next.
On motion by Mr. BRADBURY,
Ordered, That the petition and papers of Judith Whetten,
for a pension on account of the death ot her hu-band, James
Hub!,art, be withdrawn from the files and referred to the
Committee on Pensions.
Mr. B. submitted additional documents in rela-
tion to the case; which were referred to the Com-
mittee on Pensions.
On motion by Mr. FOOTE,
Ordered, That Samuel P. Butterworth have leave to with-
draw his petition and papers.
The Senate then adjourned.
HOUSE OP REPRESENTATIVES.
Friday, May 10, X850.
The Journal of yesterday was read and approved.
THE DEFICIENCY BILL.
Mr. BAYLY. I believe there are some private
bills on the Speaker's table which have been re-
ported from the Committee of the Whole House,
and I propose that the House take them up, for
they will consume no time; and 1 give notice that
as soon as they shall have been disposed of, I shall
move to go into Committee of the Whole on the
state of the Union on the deficiency bill.
The SPEAKER. The regular business in or-
der is the consideration of private bills,
THE PRIVATE CALENDAR.
Mr. THOMAS. I move that the House resolve
itself into Committee of the Whole House on the
Private Calendar.
Mr. BAYLY. I move that the House resolve
itself into Committee of the Whole on the state of
the Union on the deficiency bill.
The SPEAKER announced the question first in
order, upon the motion of Mr. Thomas.
The question was taken, and decided in the neg-
ative.
So the House refused to go into Committee of
the Whole on the Private Calendar.
The SPEAKER, (to Mr. Bayly.) Does the
gentleman from Virginia insist upon his motion to
go into Committee of the Whole 011 the state of
the Union ?
Mr. BAYLY. I prefer that the private bills on
the Speaker's table should be got rid of; but I
made the motion to go into Committee of the
Whole on the state of the Union as an antagonist
motion to the motion of the gentleman from Ten-
nessee.
The SPEAKER. If the motion is not insisted
on, the consideration of private bills on the Speak-
er's table is in order.
NICOLL AND CLINCH.
The first bill (continued the Speaker) is the bill
for the relief of S. T. Nicoll and James Clinch, of
the city of New York. The pending question is
on the motion to lay the bill on the table.
The question was taken and decided in the neg-
ative.
So the House refused to lay the bill on the table.
The question recurring on ordering the bill to
be engrossed for a third reading,
Mr. NELSON moved the previous question.
The previous question was seconded, and the
main question was ordered.
Mr. THOMAS demanded the yeas and nays.
The yeas and nays were not ordered.
The question was taken and decided in the af-
firmative.
So the bill was ordered to be engrossed and read
a third time.
And having been read a third time by its title,
The question was upon its passage.
The yeas and nays were asked and ordered,
and being taken, were—yeas 86, nays 68; as fol-
lows:
YEAS—Messrs. Alexander, Baker, Beale, Bennett, Bow-
don, Bowie, Biiggs, Brooks, Burrows, Burt, Thomas B.
Butler, Joseph P. Caldwell, Campbell, Casey, Chandler,
Conger, Corwin, Ciowetl, Deborry, Duncan, Dunham, Dui-
kee, Nathan Evans, Fowler, Gott, Gould, Grinnell, Hallo-
way, Harlan, Hay, Haymontl, Hebard, Houston, Howard,
Howe, Hubbard, William T. Jackson, Julian, Daniel P.
King, George G. King, John A. King, Levin, Job Mann,
Mdtteson, McClernand, McDonald, McGau hey, MeLana-
han, Me Willie, Meachain, Mooie, Morse, Morton, Nelson,
Newell, Ogle, Oullaw, Potter, Putnam, Heed, Reynolds,
Risley, Robbms, Root, Rose, Ruinsev, Hellene 1;. School-
ciaft, Seddon, Spraguc, Manly, Frederick P. Stanton, R.
H. Stanton, A. H. Stephens, btiong, Taylor, John B.
Thompson, Tuck, Underbill, Venable, Vinton, Watkius,
Weiltworth, Wildrick, Williams, and Wilson—^6.
NAYS—Messrs. Albertson, Alston, Anderson, Ashe, Av-
erett, Bay, Bingham, Bocock, Booth, Bowlm, Albeit G.
Brown. William J. Brown, Buel, Chester Butler, George A.
Caldwell, Calvin, Cartter, Cleveland, Olingman, W. R. W.
Cobb, Colcoek, Dickey, Dimnnek, Edmundson, Feather-
ston, Gerry, Green. Hall, llaralson, Isli.un G. Harris, S. W.
Harris, Htniy, Hilihard, Hoagland, Hunter, Inge, Joseph
W. Jaci^on, Andrew Johnson, Robert W. Johnson. Jones,
Preston King, La Pere, Lutlefield, Ma^on, Robert M. Mc-
Lane, McMullen, MeClucon, Morris, Otis, Peaslee, Peek,
Phelps, Pitman, Powell, Richardson, Ross, Savage, Saw-
telle, Sliepperd, Thaddeus Stevens, Stetson, Thomas, Jacob
Thompson, William Thompson, Waldo, Wallace, Whit-
tlesey, Wood, and Woodward—68.
Mr. NELSON moved a reconsideration of the
vote by which the bill had been passed, and that
that motion be laid upon the table.
And it was ordered accordingly.
SENATE BILLS.
The following bills from the Senate on the
Speaker's table, were taken up on their first and
second reading, and having been read were re-
ferred to the appropriate committees:
An act for the relief of Gamaliel Taylor, late
marshal of the district of Indiana. Referred to
the Committee on the Judiciary.
An act for the relief of William Darby. On
motion by Mr. THOMAS, referred to the Com-
mittee on Claims.
Joint resolution for the settlement of the ac-
counts, with the heirs and representatives of Colo-
nel Pierce M. Butler, late agent for the Cherokee
Indians. Refeired to the Committee on Indian
Affairs.
BLACK WARRIOR RIVER.
The Senate bill, entitled " An act giving the as-
sent of Congress to leasing a portion of the mar-
gin of Black Warrior liver for the purposes
therein mentioned," coming up on its fiist and
second reading—
A motion was made by
Mr. JONES, that it be referred to the Commit-
tee on Public Lands.
Mr. IN(JE said, he supposed that the bill could
give rise to no controversy, and he moved, there-
fore, that it be put upon its passage.
The bill was then read through.
Mr. INGE briefly explained its object. He
said, the plainness and simplicity of the bill must
relieve the House from any doubts in regard
to the propriety of its immediate passage. No
refcrcncc to a committee ia necessary, and the only
effect of such reference will be to delay its j
when it is desirable to those interested that it be
acted upon now.
By an act of Congress, of May 26, 1824, the
" river margin," at the city of Tuscaloosa, is set
apart forever for the use of the inhabitants, but
the corporation is forbidden to sell owlease any
portion thereof. A company has been chartered
to construct a plank road from Tusealoosa to the
coal and iron region of the interior, with the ex-
pectation of its connection with a contemplated
railroad. A landing on the Warrior river is want-
ing for one of the termini of this plank road, and
therefore the necessity of this act, which removes
the restraint of leasing imposed by the act of 1824.
This Government, or the people of the country
outside of Alabama, can feel no interest in this
matter. The land is now forever set aside for the
use of the inhabitants of Tuscaloosa, and of course
this House cannot object to a bill, the object of
which is to promote the interests of the " inhabit-
ants" interested. The bill is so plain, that it
passed the Senate unanimously, without reference
to a committee. As this bill is strictly local, I
trust this brief explanation will satisfy the House
that there is no objection to its immediate pas-
sage.
Mr. JONES now withdrew the motion to refer
the bill to the Committee on Public Lands.
The SPEAKER then stated the question to be
on the third leading of the bill.
A brief conversation passed between Mr. Went-
worth, Mr. Jones, and Mr. Inge.
Mr. JONES then renewed his motion to refer
the bill to the Committee on Public Lands.
Mr. INGE, supposing, he said, that the House
understood the question, moved the previous ques-
tion.
Mr. SHENCK rose, and was recognized by
the Chair.
Mr- BAYLY rose and intimated his intention
to move that the House resolve itself into Com-
mittee of the Whole on the state of the- Union.
He perceived that a debate was about to arise.
Mr. INGE said, not at all—he had moved the
previous question.
Mr. SACKETT called for the reading of the
bill.
The bill having been again read-
Mr. SCHENCK said, he had understood the
gentleman from Alabama, [Mr. Inc.e,] in the ex-
planation he had made to the House, to say that
the bill had been acted upon in the Senate, with-
out having been referred to a committee.
Mr. INGE (interposing) explained that an ex-
planation was made of the bill, which was en-
tirely satisfactory to the Senate, and that, there-
fore, the bill had been acted upon finally, without
having been referred to a committee.
Mr. SCHENCK. Then 1 think the bill ought
to be referred to some committee in this House;
and I hope that it will not be put upon its passage
at this time.
Some conversation followed.
Mr. JONES now moved that the bill be laid
upon the table.
The question was taken, and decided in the
negative, without a division.
So the bill was not laid on the table.
The question then recurred on the demand for
the previous question.
And the affirmative vote having been taken, was
declared to be 59.
Mr. INGE called for tellers, who were ordered,
(and Mr. Williams, of Tennessee, and Mr. Rich-
! arcson, of Illinois, were appointed.)
And the vote having been again taken, stood—
ayes 50, noes 73.
So the House refused to second the demand for
the previous question.
Mr. CARTTER inquired of the Speaker wheth-
er the bill was now open to amendment?
The SPEAKER answered in the affirmative.
Mr. CARTTER sent to the Clerk's table an
amendment, which he proposed to offer, and which
was read: " providing that all the moneys re-
I ceived for the land to be disposed of under this
bill shall be paid into the Federal Treasury.
| Mr. STANTON, of Tennessee, said it seemed
I exceedingly surprising to him that there should
i arise so strong an opposition to a matter of so lit-
j tie importance, and which related only to the con-
i stitueiits of the gentleman from Alabama, [Mr.
I Inge,] who had naturally taken an interest in the
