1850.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
2069
resentatives, stating that the House ha$ agreed to
the amendments made to the army appropriation
bill by the Senate, with the exception of one;
which was read, as follows:
" For extra pay to the commanding officers and enlisted
men of the army of the United states, serving in Oregon or
California,§328,855, on the following basis, to wit: That
there shall he allowed to each commissioned officer as afore-
said, whilst serving as aforesaid, a per diem, in addition to
their regular pay and allowances, of two dollars each; and
to each enlisted man as aforesaid, whilst serving as afore-
said, a per diem, in addition to their present pay and allow-
ances, equal to tlie pay proper of each as established by ex-
isting laws; said extra pay of the enlisted men to be retained
until honorably discharged. This addition of pay to com-
mence on ihe 1st day of Jane, 1848, and to continue until
the 1st of March, 1852, or until otherwise provided."
On motion by Mr. DAVIS, of Mississippi,
Ordered, That the Senate insist on the amendment.
Mr. MANGUM moved that the Senate proceed
to the consideration of the bill for the relief of the
legal representatives of William A. Slocum, de-
ceased; which motion was not agreed to.
executive session.
On motion by Mr. BERRIEN, the Senate, at
half-past eight, proceeded to the consideration of
executive business.
At five minutes past one ©'clock, a..m., the
doors were reopened.
Mr. DODGE, of Iowa, introduced a resolution
for extra compensation to two officers of the Sen-
ate; which, after a few words of explanation, was
read three times, and passed.
On motion by Mr. UNDERWOOD, the Senate
proceeded, as in Committee of the Whole, to the
consideration of the bill for the relief of Sarah
Stokes;' which was reported to the Senate, read a
third time, and passed.
Mr. DAVIS, of Mississippi, asked the unani-
mous consent of the Senate to consider a resolu-
tion authorizing the Secietary of the Treasury to
report, at the next session of Congress, a system
of collecting and arranging statistics of the inter-
nal trade and commerce of the United States, so
far as the same can be obtained without unreason-
able expense and inconvenience to business,
Mr. MASON objected.
On motion, tfie Senate proceeded to the consid-
eration of executive business; and after some
time spent therein, the doors were reopened.
civil and diplomatic appropriations.
At two o'clock', a. m., another message was re-
ceived from the House of Representatives, stating
that they had disagreed to the report of the com-
mittee of conference on the disagreeing votes of
the two Houses in relation to this bill, and asking
for a further conference; and stating that they had
appointed Mr. Dimmick, Mr._ Stanly, and Mr.
Peaslee the committee on their part.
Mr. DICKINSON moved that the Senate insist
on its amendments, and agree to the request of the
House for another conference.
Mr. BERRIEN'. We really cannot adjourn
without passing this bill. I have great confidence
that if the Senate will agree to appoint another
committee of conference, there will be a satisfac-
tory result in half an hour.
Mr. HAMLIN. What are the disagreeing
votes of the two Houses ?
Mr. DICKINSON. The last committee of con-
ference agreed to the printing amendment of the
Senate, with the modification of striking out the
profit of ten per cent, which was to be allowed the
contractor. They also agreed as to the mileage
amendment. But the other House have refused
to agree to the report of the committee of confer-
ence; consequently we did not make any report
here. ^
Mr. HAMLIN. The House of Representa-
tives have not agreed to the report made to them
by their conferees. That brings up three distinct
questions. The House may recede in whole, or
it may recede in part, or it may insist. My
opinion is, then, that we had better recede from
our printing amendment; then, as I understand,
the House will reeede from their mileage amend-
ment. I hope, therefore, we will not insist on opr
amendment.
Mr. BRIGHT. I hope the Senate will insist
on its amendments. The committee of confer-
ence agreed to abandon that portion of the amend-
ment in relation to printing which gave the con-
tractor any profit, so as to pay him only what it
cost him. I think that was a reasonable proposi-
tion. I hope the Senate will insist. I think an-
other committee will settle the question.
The motion to insist and agree to the confer-
ence asked by the House was agreed to.
The CHAIR appointed Mr. Dickinson, Mr.
Bright, and Mr. Berrien as the committee of
conference on the part of the Senate.
lieutenant's pension.
On motion by Mr. GREENE, the Senate pro-
ceeded to consider, as in Committee of the Whole,
the bill from the House of Representatives for the
relief of Lieutenant Henry P. Evans.
The bill proposes to increase the pension of
Lieut. Henry P, Evans from fourteen to forty dol-
lars a month.
Mr. JONES. I think the bill ought to conform
to the bill of a general character we have passed
and sent to the House.
Mr. HALE. Has that become a taw ?
Mr. JONES. No, sir, it has not; but we could
not pass it through the Senate on better terms.
Mr. HALE. I have examined this matter thor-
oughly, and it seems to me that a more- desperate
case of daring was never exhibited by mortal man
than was exhibited by Lieut. Evans. He literally
stood in a shower of lead. The flag which he car-
ried was pierced with ninety bullets, and the flag-
staff was shot out of his hand. He himself re-
ceived five wounds. This is really a case of the
most daring bravery that was ever exhibited. I
think it is one of the most meritorious cases that
have ever been submitted to Congress, and I hope
it will pass.
Mr. WHITCOMB. If bravery is to be the test
by which we are to grant pensions, I apprehend
the Treasury would soon be bankrupt. In our
country every man is brave when he faces the ene-
my. The amount of pension should be measured
by the amount of disability, and not by bravery.
1 am opposed to discrimination, arid I hope my
friend from Iowa will move to amend.
Mr. GREENE. Since I have been a member
of the Senate I have never known a case which
addressed itself more to the patriotic feelings of
members of the body. A disposition has been
manifested in both Houses of Congress of late to
heal the bleeding wounds of the country ; and, as
this gentleman seems to have had precisely the
number which has been indicated as having dis-
turbed the quiet of the country, (five,) I hope we
shall extend to him the benefit of action in his be-
half.
Mr. JONES. I think this bill ought to be made
to conform to the general bill which passed the
Senate the other day. I therefore move to strike
out " forty" and insert " sixteen;" so as to make
his pension sixteen dollars and not forty dollars
per month.
The amendment was not .agreed to.
Mr. WHITCOMB moved to amend the bill by
striking out " forty" and inserting " twenty," so
as to make the pension of Lieutenant Evans $,20
per month.
Mr. HALE. It will be seen by reference to the
report that the bill contains the sum to which he
is entitled. He was promoted for his gallantry.
I hope we shall not refuse $40 to the war-worn old
veteran, who is now over sixty years of age.
Mr. BADGER. The amendment, if adopted,
will defeat the bill, for it will make it necessary to
send it back to the House.
Mr. UNDERWOOD. This bill proposes to
give a lieutenant, as a pension, the full pay of a
captain. Nothing of the kind has ever been done
before.
Mr. HOUSTON. This bill is for an old man,
who cannot live very long. He was disabled in
the service of his country; he has become blind,
and it is unpleasant to have an incumbrance of that
sort. If we pass this bill as it is, it will be an in-
ducement to kind and benevolent treatment to the
old gentieman. I hope the bill will pass. If we
adopt the amendment, the consequence will be the
defeat of the bill. I hope, therefore, it will not be
adopted.
Mr. WHITCOMB called for the yeas and nays
on the adoption of his amendment, and they were
ordered.
- Mr. HALE. Lieutenant Evans was appointed
an aid-de-camp to General Ripley, and discharged
the duties of brigade major, but on the reduction
of the army he was compelled to be a lieutenant
S a"am. The case was submitted to the Commis-
sioner of Pensions, and '.he recommehded it as a
case of peculiar merit. I hope the amendment
will not be adopted, for it will defeat the bill.
Mr. MANGUM, alluding to the fact of its being
Sabbath morning, moved to adjourn; but with-
drew the motion by request.
The call for the yeas and nays having been with-
drawn by unanimous consent,
The question was taken upon the amendment,
and it was agreed to—ayes 22, noes 12.
Mr. HALE then moved to lay the bill upon the
table; and it was agreed to.
ebenezer dumont.
On motion by Mr. DAVIS, of Mississippi, the
Senate proceeded, as in Committee of the Whole,
to consider the bill for the relief of Ebenezer Du-
mont.
Mr. ATCHISON inquired why this bill cam6
before Congress? There was "a general* law to
pay for horses killed in battle.
Mr. DAVIS replied that he was not killed in
battle, but lost in battle.
After some further explanation, no amendment
being made, the bill was reported to the Senate
without amendment, ordered to be engrossed for
third reading, and was subsequently read a third
time, and passed.
indian appropriation bill,
A message was received from the House of
Representatives, informing the Senate that tha
House had agreed to the report of the committee
of conference on this bill.
Mr. PEARCE, from the committee of confer-
ence on the part of the Senate on this bill, made
a report, in which the Senate concurred.
On motion by Mr. BALDWIN, the bill to
authorize the settlement of the accounts of Col.
Joseph i£. F. Mansfield, of the engineer corps;
was read a second time, and considered as in Com-
mittee of the Whole.
Mr. DAVIS sta ed that this officer had been one
of the engineer officers; and, by a regulation of
the War Department, the disbursement of the
appropriations was to be considered as "extra
duty," for which they were to be allowed 21 per
cent., provided it did not exceed §2 per day. In
1835, the law granting appropriations contained a
proviso prohibiting this allowance during that ses-
sion. The Secretary of War, after consultation
with the Attorney General, issued an order that this
provison applied to all future appropriations. The
act of 1838 provided for such cases. The memo-
rialist charged the amount between these two
dates, which were disallowed to him; and the bill
gives him credit for the sum thus charged.
wMr. UNDERWOOD said that he should ,be
constrained to make an objection to the bill. It
could not get to the House and be properly con-
sidered there at this late period of the session.
Mr. DAVIS asked the Senator to read the re-
port, where he would find the whole statement.
Mr. UNDERWOOD. The committee report:
''Thatthey have fully examined the circumstances of
this case, and find the following to be the facts connected
with it. The committee do not deem the propriety nor the
extent of any compensation for the disbursement of public
moneys by military officers who may have been rcqisircfl lo
perform sueii service to be a proper subject tor tlieir inquiry
and comment in the present instance, and have, therefore,
confined their attention to the laws and regulations winch
affect the case under consideration.
" They find that, under a regulation of the War Depart-
ment issued in July, Itfil, the disbursement by engineer ot-
fieets of the aupropiiations applicable to fortifications and
other public works under tlirir charge was required from
these officers as ' eolra dulyfor the performance of which
tltey were allowed a commission of two and a half per ccnt.
on the amount disbursed, provided such commission did riot
exceed a per diem of two dollars. Tilts allowance con-
tinued to be uniformly made from that date (18-21) down to
tile passage of the act ot 3d March, 1835, in relation to the
Delaware breakwater; which law contained a proviso,
prohibiting any extra allowance to officers for disbursing
any of the appropriations for fortifications, See., made cAu-
?mg thai session of Congress.' This prohibition, in express
terms, was thus limited to the appropriations of thai session.
Notwithstanding this, it appears that, upon an application
from the Secretary of War, the Attorney General of the
United States, under date of the 7th March, 1835, gave it as
his official opinion, that this ptoviso had effect upon all fu-
ture appropriations, and the Secretary of War, oti the 14th
of that month, issued an order in conformity with that
opinion.
"The engineer officers contested the soundness of that
opinion, as not being consonant with the terms of the law;
but being overruled, they then requested to he relieved from
the serious responsibility of acting as disbursing agents, on
the ground that tiie performance of this service constantly
exposed tliem to the liability of severe pecuniary losses, and
that it was an acknowledged i extra didy,' for the discharge
of which they were thus deprived of all compensation. The
Secretary ot War, m reply to this request, in g letter
