2070
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
Sept. 28,
?ddressed to the colonel ofthe corps, after highly compliment-
in* these officers upon the great fidelity with which they
bad hitherto disbursed the public moneys placed in their
hands, without bond or other security, and promptly ren-
dered their accouuts, expresses his regret that th« Jaw, (as
construed by the Attorney General.) and inot the action1
of the War Department ftad taken away their allowance for
disbursements; and while freely admitting that the per-
iormance of this extra service must necessarily occasion
much additional labor, hazard of loss, and trouble m the
settlements of their accounts, he yet calls ori them as pauiotic
citizens to submit cheerfully to the decision of Congress,
a>•, with his views in relation to the faithful and economical
application ofthe public moneys, he could not transfer their
disbursement to more reliable agents.
"The committee desire to be distinctly understood as
expressing no opinion on the action of th*-. executive oincera
of the Government in acting in conformity with the opinion
of rhe Attorney General, which was subsequently, in a
judicial decision ofthe Supreme Court of the Unite/1 States,
pronounced to be entirely erroneous; which decision af-
firms the exclusive application of the proviso teftried to to
the appropriations of the session of Congress mentioned in
the cited act ofl&35.
" Thcwcts of 5th and 7th of July, 1638, seem to have pro-
vided definitely for similar cases. By the former, the pay
and emoluments of engineer officers were- increased, and
by the latter (which was supplemental to it) all compensa-
tion for disbursing public funds was m future prohibited to
those officers; an equivalent for such compensation having, ,
it would seem, been ju* t granted to them by tne fiist-named j
law, in increased pay and emoluments. !
" The memorialist, it appears, m the settlement of his ac-
counts, charged the usual commission or per diem allow-
ance on account of his disbursements made since 1835, and
prior to the act of 7th July, 1838, which, as just staled, pro-
hibited in future such compensation; and the accounting
officers, acting on the opinion of the Attorney General, dis-
allowed these credits from.his account*, which disallow-
ances now stand charged to him on the books of the Treas-
ury. From this debit he now claims to be relieved by
Congiess.
"Thecommittee, in view of all theise circumstances and
facts, have no hesitation in coming to the conclusion, that
a« the law did not deprive engineer officers of the allow-
ance in question as claimed by the memorialist, and as the
Secretary of War, in his order of the 14th of M<irch, 1835,
did not intend to make a regulation depriving them of this
allowance, but was only publishing what was supposed to
be the effect of a recent law, it appears to the committee
tiiat, under the dpcision of the Supreme Court, the memo-
rialist is equitably entitled to be credited m his account with
the amount thus disallowed; and they therefore report the
accompanying bill.''
Now, I hope the bill will be permitted to lie
over to the next session, and will not be pressed
now; for it is a precedent which may be applied to
other cases, I apprehend, and it involves a good
deal of money. If it be not designed to press it
now, I will take my seat.
As there appears tcf be no disposition to lay it
over, I will briefly state what I have to say with
regard to it. It will embrace the expenditures by
other officers similarly situated to this one. How
many there may be 1 know not. But to all that
class of cases the regulation of the department of
1821, now after nearly thirty years, will apply.
Congress in 1835 endeavored to get clear of the
extra allowance, and passed a law with that ob-
ject. It was supposed that it did not meet the ob-
ject; but the Attorney General stated that it did
meet the object, in his opinion. This bill, then,
makes the allowance against the opinion of the
Attorney General. The amount of disbursement's
is not stated. Now, sir, I think that there is no
time to investigate it now; and we ought not to
set ourselves against the department by granting
accounts of this long standing without a careful
examination.
Mr. DAVIS. This account has been referred
to one of the departments, and the accounts on file
are to be settled in accordance with th*? resolution.
This is no such case as the Senator supposes, i
thought when X referred him to the report he would
be satisfied. Prom 1821 to 1835 there was a uni-
form practice. When the law of 1835 passed, and
provided differently for the case, it was the opinion
of the Attorney General that that law continued
until another Jaw repealed it. These disburse-
ments were made under the law of 1821, and prior
to the law of 1838. If these officers' accounts are
not settled upon the books of the department, and
were he to die, by any chance, notwithstanding
the wounds he bears from his gallant service in
the field, he may go down as a defaulter; and all
because the Senate required a little more time than
has elapsed since 1836 to examine his unsettled
account. That Senator knows as well as any one,
that it has been impossible during this session to
call up this or similar bills. They were all post-
poned for other questions, and by the long debate
which arose upon those other questions. Now,
at the end of the session, the Senator speaks of it
as if it had for the first time been mentioned in the
Senate this evening. I hope that a sense of justice
will prevail upon us, even at this late hour, to act
upon it.
Mr. UNDERWOOD. The gallantry of Colo-
nel Mansfield 1 appreciate, I hope, as much as any
Senator here. But this is not a question of gal-
lantry or military services. It is a question of
settling accounts; and 1 hope the Senator from
Mississippi did not intend that we should be influ-
enced, in settling the accounts, by any considera-
tions of that sort. I objected to the principle of
the bill upon Ihe ground, not that the claim was to
be settled against law—I objected to referring it
to the executive department for settlement. That
was the idea 1 intended to convey. But, whether
you settle it by one tribunal or the other, it is too
late now to adopt a principle that involves the im-
portant considerations mentioned here. I know
that subsequent to 1821, and up to 1835, all the
accounts ought to be settled according to the regu-
lation of 182f; but after 1835, when that law was
passed 
Mr. DAVIS. No law was passed in 1835 reg-
ulating such accounts.
Mr." UNDERWOOD. No, sir; but when the ap-
propriation bill was passed in 1835 containing this
provision, the Attorney General, in his construc-
tion of it, made it apply to all the appropriations.
The report goes on to say that a judicial decision
had determined that the opinion of the Attorney
General was wrong. Have we heard the judicial
opinion read? Have we examined it? Shall we
be precluded in our legislation upon a subject of
this sort from a determination whether a judicial
decision refers to or embraces the case m band, or
whether it really affirms the doctrine of the Attor-
ney General to be incorrect?
Again, sir; How long since 1835 did this account
extend? What was the amount of expenditure?
When was it first introduced to Congress? How
many years have passed since the money was-ex-
pended ? There is a principle involved in the case,
and none of these questions are answered m the
report. It is all taken from Congress and referred
to the departments. That is what i object to.
But I will not consume the time of the Senate.
Mr. BALDWIN. A single word, 1 think,
will explain to the Senate what is the true object
of this bill. In the year 1821, by a rule estab-
lished by the War Department, engineers for cer-
tain extra service, for disbursements on fortifica-
tions, were allowed a commission at the rate of
to three o'clock, a. m., the Senate again proceeded
to the consideration of executive business.
CIVIL AND DIPLOMATIC APPROPRIATIONS.
The doors were reopened at fifteen minutes past
three o'clock, a. m., when a message was received
from the Houee of Representatives, informing the
Senate that the House had receded from its dis-
agreement to the amendments of the Senate, except
the one in relation to the public printing, and in-
sisted on their disagreement to that.
Mr. BERRIEN stated that he believed it £o be
indispensable to the passage of the civil and diplo-
matic appropriation bill that the Senate should re-
j cede from the amendment in relation to the print-
: ing; and, in the absence of the chairman, who
! was absent at the moment, he would submit that
| motion.
j Mr. DICKINSON, (entering while the question
i was being stated.) I am very glad that, in a mo-
| mem of absence, the duty devolved upon so wor-
! thy and able a member as the Senator from Geor-
! gia to present the report of the committee. I have
j been watching the bill pretty carefully all day .until
; 1 am pretty thoroughly exhausted. The House
j have receded from two of the amendments, and
j expect us to recede from the third, with regard to
; the printing. The original amendment of the Sen-
| ate in regard to the public printing was, thai the
| contractor should be indemnified for his losses, to
be proved before the Secretary of the Treasury,
and should receive ten per cent, profit. The'last
committee of conference but one—and we made no
report from it here, because the House did not
agree to it—modified this proposition so that the
public printer should be indemnified for his actual
expenses, and should receive pay for his personal
superintendence. The committee hoped the House
would agree to this proposition; but they refused
to agree to it. The committee also proposed that
the manuscripts in the hands of the printers should
be delivered to the Secretary of the Senate and the
Clerk of the House, who should have them printed
upon the terms specified in the resolution. The
House also disagreed to that* This throws us
back on our original proposition. It leaves us to
insist upon or to recede from the original amend-
ment, as offered by the Senator ffom Louisiana,
[Mr. Soule,} which gave the contractors for the
public printing indemnity against actual loss and a
profit of ten per cent. It is for the Senate to de-
ji two and a half per cent., provided it did not exceed ji cide whether they will insist or .recede from the
a per diem compensation of §2. in 1835, m the j
approptiation act, Congress provided that noextra |
compensation should be allowed for the appropria- j
lions made in the naval bill for the current year.
The ^Attorney General put a construction upon I
that act by which he considered it as prohibiting ;
any allowance in future, and as repealing the
prior regulation which had prevailed from 1821. )
It seems to be very obvious from the language of
amendment. For one, I shall vote against rece-
ding.
Mr. HAMLIN. This matter has now resolved
itself into the simple question of receding or insist-
ing on this amendment in relation to the public
printing. Non-concurrence with the Houseat this
time kills the bill. I shall, therefore, vote to re-
cede.
Mr. DICKINSON. The committee of confer-
the law, as stated in the report, that it would not m ence on the part of the Senate made a very reason-
be fairly susceptible of any such construction; and j| able proposition. They proposed jto indemnify
the Supreme Court, two years after, decided that \t these contractors against actual loss, give them no
the construction put upon that law by the Attor- \\ profits, and take the manuscripts out of their
; ney General was not the true construction, and jj hands, so that the printing mi^ht be provided for.
thai it had no reference to anything but the dis- !
bursements made under that particular appropria- I
tion bill. In 1838 Congress did pass an act re- I
pealing the regulation which existed in 1821. The t
' claim of Col. Mansfield is for disbursements made 1
t think that was a very fair proposition. The
House disagreed to it. And I am not at all in-
clined to humor the caprhiousness of even so ie-
spectable a body as the House of Representatives.
If the Senate choose to recede, let them do 30; I
during the time between 1835 and lt>3^, when j* will not give my vote to recede, because I do not
1 there was no law in existence repealing me regu- believe the House will lose the bill upon such a
'point. How is the public printing to be executed ?
The contractors have notified a responsible com-
mittee, I believe, that they cannot go on and ex-
ecute the work.
I do not mean to revive any party recollections
or any controversies about the Pandora's box of
the public printing; but 1 hold it would bea burn-
ing shame to'turn away to poverty and want and
ruin that gray-haired old man, (Mr. Ritchie,) who
has acted as an officer of this body, who has been
us printer, who has been admitted on this floor,
and has had an active sympathy not only with
members of Congress, but with the people at large.
This is not a private claim. It is a matter of great
public concernment—one that is intimately asso-
ciated wait all our official relations.
Mr. BADGER. I hope I may be indulged as
one of the committee in saying that I have been
and am exceedingly sorry that the House of Rep-
resentatives did not see fit to agree to the original
proposition of the Senator from Louisiana, [Mr.
lotion of the War Department, under which these
disbursements had been made. The department,
considering itself bound by the opinion of the
Attorney General, declined to settle these ac-
counts. This bill is to enable the department to
settle the accounts according to the regulation of
1821. It is limited to a specific occasion, and is
not to exceed a per diem compensation of #2.
The bill was reported to the Senate, and was or-
dered to be engrossed for a third reacting.
Mr. DAVIS asked that it be read a third time
by unanimous consent, and passed.
Mr. UNDERWOOD objected.
INTERNATIONAL EXCHANGES.
Mr. PEARCE, from the Committee on the
Library, submitted a report showing the operation
ol the system of international exchanges; which
was laid on the table, and ordered to be printed.
EXECUTIVE BUSINESS.
On motion by Mr. GWIN, at twenty minutes
