91$
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
May 10.
stood. Here, in the House of Representatives,
with this large appropriation for the Patent Office
report, which was so much complained of, they
found, although there were two hundred and thirty
members—although they were brought in imme-
diatesconnection with the whole constituency of
this Republic, their contingent fund—both deficien-
cy afld original fund—only amounted to §311,999;
while the Senate, consisting of only sixty mem-
bers, who were not so immediately connected with
the people, and who did not require one-half the
amount of printing and books that were necessary
for the House, consumed a contingent fund of
. had in view in making the inquiry which he had
1 made of the chairman of the Committee of Ways
| and Means was, that the same inquiry which had
1 been suggested by the gentleman from Tennessee,
! with regard to the contingent expenses of the
I House, should be extended to the like expenses
j on the part of the Senate. He desired that there
| should be some inquiry in regard to that contin-
I gent fund. He was aware that the debts which
,1 had been incurred under the head of contingent
| expenses must be paid; and he did not make the
| inquiry for the purpose of raising the question
whether the money should be voted or not; but
,000. What became of it? Was it required .1 he made it in order that the reporters of the pro-
    =- ceedings of that House should put down the items
that composed this account of §200,000 and up-
wards for contingent expenses. That was the
object he had in view. He desired that the peo-
ple should be informed what those expenses were
for.
Mr. TUCK remarked, that so far as the con-
tingent expenses of the Senate were concerned,
whether those expenses were appropriate or
inappropriate, reasonable or unreasonable, was a
because the members of that body were more in-
dustrious in reaching their constituencies with i.
books, &c., than were the members of this House ? j
They knew it was not so. The tenure of their ]
office, the manner in which they were elected, the j
fact that they were not subject to the ordeal of a !
popular vote, but were elected by the Legislatures j
of the States—showed that it was not so. Wow, j
if the chairman of the Committee of Ways and I
Means could present any plausible reason for the j
3,000 from the public treasury as a contingent
fund, while this House, with about four times the j
number of members, and with all these enormous j
appropriations, consumed only |311,000, h,e would ■
like to hear it. j
Mr. BAYLY. I said expressly that 1 did not
approve of these large appropriations; but the ex-
penses have been incurred, and the debt has been
contracted, and the question now is whether we
will pay it.
. Mr. CARTTER. I want to pay this debt in
such a manner as to admonish that dignified body
that there may be Representatives hete who wiil
expose their extravagance.
Mr. TUCK said he had come to the conclusion
that when, by the extravagance of the Senate, it
became necessary for this House to take the super-
vision of that body, it would save time if they
would all unite and have a new constitution, dis-
pensing with the services of the Senate. And he
would say to the gentleman from Ohio, [Mr.
Cartter,] if he came here and intended to make
himself answerable for all- the sins that might be
committed by people as far removed from him as
these expenditures were from this body, he would
find his conscience very heavily laden. The Sen-
ate were not under the guardianship of the House
at all; and when ther^, were confided to that body
responsible trusts which were under investigation
Senate, with only sixty members, consuming matter which Senatois themselves were responsi-
""" ' " 1 blefor, and one with which he did not conceive
that the House had anything to do. For his own
part, he was neither prepared to approve nor con-
demn the expenditures that had been incurred.
Mr. CLEVELAND. But how, he would ask,
could the people ever know whether they were
incurred properly or improperly, unless they fur-
nished them the items ? How could the matter be
brought before the tribunal of public opinion un-
less it were done in the way suggested by the gen-
tleman from Tennessee and himself? His object
was, as he had already said, that these inquiries
siiouid be made, and that the items of this ex-
| travagant expenditure should be published, that
the people might see them. He had intended to
accomplish this without saying a word, or detain-
ing the committee a moment in relation to it, but
as the gentleman had seen fit to question the pro-
priety of entering into the inquiry, it had become
necessary, of course, to give his reasons for do-
ing it.
Mr. JONES said that his objection was not con-
fined to this appropriation for the Senate. It
applied equally to that as to the appropriation to
supply the deliciency in the contingent fund of the
House of Representatives. They were both—the
House and the Senate—prodigal and wasteful in
the expenditure of thepublic money which was ap-
propriated by Congress for the contingentexpenses
and examination from day to day, could they not i; of the two Houses, pie could not concur in the
be trustsd with the simple matter of their own j'opinion which had been expressed by the chairman
contingent expenses? Should that body, like an j' of the Committee of Ways and Means, [Mr. Bay-
untrusty ward sent off to school, be compelled to j,' ly,] that these were debts resting upon Congress,
keep a pocket-memorandum of all their expenses, j| or upon the Government of the United States. It
and to bring it in heie, and submit it to the gentle- jl was no repudiation to refuse to appropriate this
man from Ohio, and the members of this House, ; money to pay expenditu.es=thus incurred. Where
fortheir sanction? He (Mr. T.) did not deny that ;; was the authority of the Senate, or of the officer
gentlemen had the right, if they thought proper, to jj of the Senate—where was the authority of the
get up and comment upon the contingent expendi- 1
tures of the Senate; but it was a matter of taste,
and, he confessed, not at all in accordance with '
his taste. It was a small matter; and, in his opm- '
ion, the House could find much moie worthy j
means of employment. For the House to stop to !
examine the expenditures of the Senate, and over- !
haul them fortheir alleged mistakes and extrava- i
gances,was straining at a gnat and swallowing a
camel. It was no more their duty to undertake
the supervision of the contingent expenses of the
Senate, than it was the duty of the Senate to su-
the Senate could not be trusted in the matter of
their contingent expenses, they should not be [j
trusted with any tiling; for that was the least of all ij
the duties that were committed to them. ij
And besides, it should be considered by gentle- ;
men that the Senate had, in this very bill, by j
amendment, provided for a deficiency in their own :
contingent fund for which the House had neglected
to provide when the bill was originally before the ,
House. And was this reciprocating the courtesy '
House, or of the officer of the House, to put
their hands into the treasury of the nation and to
take money from it? Where, he asked, was the
authonty, either of the House or the Senate, to
contract debts, and to bind the Government of the
United Slates for their payment ? The two Houses
of Congress, acting in concert, with the approba-
tion of the President of the United States, could
alone contiact debts and bind the Government for
their payment. Enough had probably been said
as to the manner in which this money was squan-
dered. But letgentlemen look at the gross amount
pervise the contingent expenses of the House. If jj which had been appropriated, and which was
which should exist betwepn the two Houses ? He
considered it was not. He hoped the members of i thousand doilais for lithographing and printing a
this body would not turn censors of the Senate's ! report in the Senate, which the House refused
asked, for the contingent fund of the two Houses,
in this single fiscal year. Three hundred and
eleven thousand dollars for the House, and two
hundred and eighty-eight thousand dollars for the
Senate-—about six hundred thousand dollars for
the contingent fund of the Senate and the House
of Representatives; and where it was gone to—for
what uses or purposes it had been applied—prob-
ably no man m the whole length and breadth of
this land could tell. One item, he un^rstood—or
at leabt it had been so stated—was a sum of thnty
thousand doilais for lithom-^nhmo* nnH ni-i.itin.j- n
contingentexpenses; at least, until they had dis-
charged many other and more important duties
which devolved upon them, connected with their
own body.
Mr. CLEVELAND said, the only object he
to print. It was said this printing was for the
benefit of the people. Yes; when they get it
through the pocket of some member it might be for
their benefit. Many ot the Patent Office report-
many of your Abert, and Fremont, and other re-
ports, were sold at the book-stores—by the peddlers
of books on Pennsylvania avenue—and never
found their way at all to the constituents of some
members, unless they paid for them. Upon mat-
ters of this kind he doubted whether they were
bound to pay.
If gentlemen would turn their attention to the
list of amendments sent to this House by the
Senate, it would be found that the deficiency in
the appropriations for the Navy Department was,
he believed, seven hundred and forty-seven thou-
sand dollars. The Constitution, in one of the
pl^jnest of its provisions, declared that no money
should be drawn from the Treasury except upon
appropriations made by law. Had the Secietary
of the Navy, or any of his commodores, or heads
of bureaus, authority thus to contract debts, and
bind the Government to pay them ?
Again; A complaint had been made that there
was a deficiency in the single department of the
Quartermaster of the Army to the amount of six
hundred thousand dollars. Six hundred thousand
dollars deficit in this one bureau, or blanch, of
the army ! Had that officer the right to expend
one dollar beyond the sum which Congress appro-
priated for that particular branch of the public
service? He (Mr. J.) thought not. He thought
that this whole system of deficiency bills was
wrong. When the different departments of the
Government had expended the money which had
been appropriated for them by Congress, they
should stop; or, when they saw the amount which
had been appropriated for the service of an ensu-
ing year, they should so arrange their expenditures
as to make the money cover the amount; taking it
for granted that it was the intention of Congress
that nothing should be expended beyond the
amount which they appropriated. Then, if the
public service should suffer, those who were prop-
erly responsible for that result would have to ac-
count for it. If Congress failed to appropriate
the amounts necessary to be expended, the people
would call their Representatives to account for a
dereliction of duty, by which the public service
had suffered.
But this system of deficiency bills, and the argu-
ments that there were debts contracted which
Congress must pay, superseded and rendered nu-
gatory that provision of the Constitution of the
United States to which he had referred, and which
provided that no money should be drawn from
the Treasury except upon appropriations made by
law. Congress appropriated the amounts which
the different departments of the Government said
were necessary to defray the expenses of these
departments for a year. They went on without
regard to the amount, and expended every cent.
Nor did they stop there. They went on and ex-
pended whatever amount they might think proper,
and then came here and said that the payment by
Congress was no longer a matter of discretion.
■ It was not for the Representatives of the people,
who were sworn to support the Constitution,
which rec^uired that money in the Treasury should
be drawn out upon appropriations made by law,
to appropriate it or not, as they might think
proper; but they must appropriate it*, and thereby
endorse the extravagance and wasteful expendi-
ture of the public money which these officers
thought proper to incur, or be guilty of repudia-
tion—thereby disgracing that Government which
was the boast of every tiue American citizen, and
whose honor and faith ought to be kept untar-
nished. He, for one, would not vote for these
extravagant deficiency appropriation bills.
Mr. GERRY. It has been asserted, by gen-
tlemen in the course of this debate, that it i§ not
proper for us, who are the immediate Representa-
tivesofthe people, and whoarc called the guardians
of the public treasury, io inquire into the items of
expenditure for which we are called upon to make
appropriations. We are called upon here, to
make an appropriation of upwards of £3)0,000 and
j we are not informed distinctly, or specifically, for
i what purpose this appropriation is to be made.
; Wearetoid that the officers of a co-ordinate branch
. of Congress have made theexpenditure,and.that we
I shall be liable to the charge of repudiation if we
; fail to make the necessary appropriation. Now,
i sir, as an individual Representative on this floor,
I take the responsibility of saying, that I will not
vote for any appioprmtiim, unless 1 can know for
what such appropriation is made—to what use the
money is applied. And, sir, I am not to be told
