THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
PUBLISHED AT WASHINGTON, BY JOHN C. RIVES.—TERMS $3 FOR THIS SESSION.
31st Congress, 1st Sess
WEDNESDAY, MAY 16, 1850.
New Series.... No. 62.
here, that, in the discharge of my duty as a Repre-
sentative on this floor, I am to vote blindfolded
upon any question; and especially upon a question
of the appropriation of money. It is the peculiar
duty of Representatives in this body, to inquire
into all appropriations that are made. They are
constituted by the Constitution the guardians of
the treasury; and I care not what officer of the Gov-
ernment, or what branch of the Government has
undertaken, unlawfully, as the gentleman from
Tennessee has said, to put his hand into the Treas-
ury: I care not, 1 say, what officer, or what
branch of the Government, may undertake to
make an expenditure, 1 claim the. right to know
for what purpose every appropriation for which I
vote is made, and to what use it is applied.
And as has been said by the gentleman from Ohio,
the gentleman from Tennessee, and othefs, lam
utterly at a loss to know how it is possible that
the sixty Senators in the other branch of this Na-
tional Legislature could have made the enormous
appropriaiion—or rather, have incurred the enor-
mous expenditure, of almost $300,000. It is cer-
tainly a matter of astonishment, especially to one
like myself;—and who is not initiated in such
matters; and I will undertake to say, that there is
not an individual in this broad land who, if he has
not paid particular attention to the movements of
Congress m relation to appropriations, would not,
upon becoming a member of either branch of Con-
gress, be utterly astonished at the wasteful extrava-
gance that prevails in theexpenditure of the money
of the people. For my own part, I am surprised
that the Government is able to get money enough
from any source whatever, to pay the debts that
are contracted by the officers of (he several branches
of the Government. The people of this country,
I apprehend, will not be fully awakened to this
matter, until application is made to their pockets
by direct taxation, to supply the wants of the Gov-
ernment. I say, sir you will never reach the un-
derstanding of the people of this country in regard
to this matter of the wasteful extravagance of this
Government except it be by the potent argument
of direct taxation. Arid, as I have already said, I
care not from what source, nor upon whose mo-
tion, we are called upon here to make appropria-
tions, I require to be informed in regard to the
items of expenditure.
Mr. BAYLY. The items are enumerated, even
down to dollars and cents, and even half cents.
Mr. GERRY. I want the items to be specific.
I don't want them made up as shopkeepers make
up their bills sometimes—in " sundries." 1 want
to know whether these expenditures have been
such as were authorized, or whether the money
has been applied in the manner in which an honor-
able member of this House has informed me that
an appropriation by Congress was once applied in
a certain territory. Perhaps the Senate has made
a similar use of this money. I am informed that
the appropriation made by Congress to defray the
expenses of a certain territory, was so exceedingly
liberal that the delegates were at a loss to know
how to expend the money. They paid off all
their bills; they paid for their wine, their segars,
their stationery, their board bills, and all other
personal expenses; and after all, there was money
left. They then purchased each of themselves
a saddle upon which to ride home. Now, per-
haps honorable Senators in the other branch of
Congress may have taken the same course, and
provided themselves with saddles with which to
ride the people. For one, I am utterly opposed to
voting appropriations of the public money concern-
ing the disposal of which I am uninformed. For
these reasons, and many others, I shall vote against
this appropriation.
Mr. MORSE said that he did not intend to oc-
cupy any of the time of the committee in discuss-
ing these items of appropriations; but he must
be allowed to protest against such notions of econ-
omy as he had heard advanced on that floor
especially by the honorable gentleman from Ten-
nessee, who seemed to think that every dollar that
was paid out of the Treasury was taken out of
his own pocket, and that every appropriation must
62
be reduced, whether it was to pay a debt already
contracted by Government or not. He could not
understand that species of logic or of conscience,
which enabled gentlemen to declare, that when the
Senate or the House had passed a resolution au-
thorizing the expenditure of a certain sum of
money known as the contingent fund, for purposes
necessary and proper, they had a right to refuse
to appropriate the money, and had a right to de-
nounce the expenditures of either branch of Con-
gress as extravagant and improper. It was by
such narrow notions of economy that this Govern-
ment was led into ten-fold greater expense. It was
in consequence of the pitiful economy which
prompted the refusal to pay the honest debts of
the Government, until after long years of applica-
tion, that it was found impossible to obtain the ser-
vices of individuals at a reasonable charge. When
men found that they were deprived of the earnings
of their hard labor for years, they would not un-
dertake to render any service to the Government,
without charging for it ten times its value. There was
no government on earth that could not get work
done at a cheaper rate than this Government; and
it was all owing to this false idea of economy.
When a man at the head of the army, or at the
head of a bureau, or any officer enjoying a high
position in the Government, contracted with an
honest citizen for furnishing the Government with
any necessary supply, why, it was well known
to be a doubtful matter, whether, when the ac-
counts come here, their payment would not be
disputed, and the individual kept out of his money
for an indefinite length of time. And this was the
case, even when no one could possibly doubt that
the expenditure was necessary and proper. When
the account came to be thrown into the vortex of
Congress, it generally found its way to the bottom,
where the hand of resurrection could never reach
it, and the poor claimant had to eke out a miserable
existence while trying to get justice done him.
You require to look into the authority by which
an expenditure is made. You give no discretion
to your officers—tV^e acts of those who bear the
commissions of your Government you repudiate.
Such economy as this was the very worst econ-
omy that could be practiced—it was like pouring
in at the spigot and out at the bung.
In regard to the subject of claims, he would re-
mark that there were too sets of opinions, both
equally wrong. Many of the Democratic mem-
bers of that House, he was sorry to say, made it
a rule to go against every claim, right or wrong;
it was sufficent for them to know, that money was
to be taken out of the Treasury; while gentlemen
on the opposite side—and he hoped they would take
it as a friendly hint—took the opposite course, and
went in favor of every claim, right or wrong. And
thus it was, that the honest claimants—men who
had furnished supplies to the army and navy—men
who had furnished the means for carrying on the
Government, were frequently deprived of their
money, and ruined by this miserable economy on
the part of members of that body, in regard to
public expenditures. A claim against the Gov-
ernment was not paid with any regard to justice,
honesty, or fairness; but its payment or non-pay-
ment depended solely upon the influence which
the individual could bring to bear upon members,
and the ingenuity and skill with which the claim
was brought forward and sustained
He desired to say, in relation to the contingent
fund of the Senate, that it was not the business of
the House to inquire into the manner in which it
had been expended.
Mr. GERRY said he would like to be informed
by the gentleman, if it was not the business of this
House to inquire into these expenditures, why
they were called on to vote the appropriations ?
Mr. MORSE said, he would state to the gentle-
man the reason why the House had nothing to do
with it. By act of Congress, a certain sum of
money was drawn from the Treasury, and put into
the coffers of the Senate or the House, for a par-
ticular purpose. This general act, setting apart
this contingent fund, was in conformity with the
constitutional provision, which requires that no
money shall be drawn from the Treasury except
by authority of an act of Congress. That having
been done, the House for which the use of the
money had been set apart, he contended, was the
sole party which had the authority to examine
into the expenditure of the money. When a sum
of money had been put into the coffers of theSenate
or the House, for a particular purpose, the grant
then was complete, and it was then entirely within
the control of that body, and under the direction
of its officers, to be expended. The money hav-
ing been authorized to be employed at the dis-
cretion of said body, it was the duty of every
member to vote for the appropriation, so long as
its application had been sanctioned by the body to
whom it belonged. It was incumbent upon this
Government to pay just debts, honestly and fairly
—to pay every debt that had been honestly con-
tracted by any person acting under the authority
of either branch of Congress, without cavil and
unnecessary delay; then the credit of this Govern-
ment would be established; and when there vvas
work to he done, good workmen would be willing
to offer themselves, and the work could be ob-
tained at something like its true value. But, as
matters were at present conducted, they could not
get work done in any department of the Govern-
ment without paying a hundred times its value.
And why ? Because there was a want of good
faith on the part of the Government. There were
so many who were so ambitious of constituting
themselves the constitutional guardians of the
Treasury, and of preventing, as far as possible,
the payment of money, ready to seize upon every
captious objection, and demand unnecessary evi-
dence of claim, interposing all the quibbles of a
special pleader, to avoid paying the honest debts
of the Government, thai it had become altogether
too precarious a mode of earning money, to render
any service to the Government. Hence it was,
{ that no man could be found who was willing to
contract with the Government, without stipulating
i for a large price. He would, himself, be very re-
! luctant to contract with the Government under its
! present miserable system of economy, to do any
! work, without charging the Government an hun-
dred times as much as it was worth; because, in
the event of the claim being paid, after passing the
trying ordeal of Congiess, his grandchildren or
great grandchildren might possibly receive about
one-tenth of the sum stipulated for.
He had known claims to be unanimously report-
ed upon repeatedly by committees of both Houses,
and yet payment refused. There was one indi-
vidual known to them all, doubtless, for he had
annoyed every member of that body, respecting
the claim ofa couple of thousands of dollars, whose
claim had been repoited upon repeatedly, and
whenever it had been presented by the committee
to be voted upon, some member had got up and
moved to cut it down five or six hundred dollars,
without knowing anything about the merits of the
case, and the claim was still unpaid. There were
gentlemen who thought they were doing the coun-
try some service by moving to lay upon the table
every claim which was brought forward, without
knowing whether the claim was just or not. He
declared his intention to take every opportunity to
denounce such a practice—it was a false, a pitiful
economy. It was like stopping the spigot and
leaking at the bung. In his opinion, it was the
duty of every member of that House, unless there
was something within his own knowledge which
militated against the claim, to vote for a claim
that a committee of that House had investigated
and reported favorably upon with anything like
unanimity. Why should they take the trouble
to organize committees, and have claims investi-
gated, if. after they have gone through a painful
and laborious investigation, the claim was to be
refused, at the caprice of certain captious gentle-
men, under the idea of saving a little money to
the Government? A few thousand dollars might
be saved here and there, by cutting down a claim,
or laying it upon the table, but gentlemen should
recollect that such things tended to bring the Gov-
ernment into disgrace, and to put it out of their
