978
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
May 10,
power to get work done at aii, without paying for
jfc ten litnes as much as it was worth.
Mr. LITTLEFIELD proposed the following
amendment to the Senate's appropriation for its
contingent expfnses, which was ruled out of order,
amidst considerable merriment, viz:
" Provided, That no further sum of money shall he paid
G«t of the same to James Robertson, as compensation for
being imprisoned by order of the Senate, or hy its officers."
The question was then taken, and the amend-
ment of the Senate was agreed to.
The Senate's amendments providing for defi-
ciencies in the branch mint at New Orleans and
in the naval service, were agreed to, without a
division.
The following amendment being under consid-
eration, viz:
" For continent expenses in the office ofthe First Auditor
of the Treasury $655"—
Mr, BAYLY said, he was directed by the Com-
mittee of Ways and Means to move that this item
be stricken out; and he begged leave to say, on
making this motion, that it was a most extraordi-
nary one.
A Member. What is—the motion, or the
item?
Mr. BAYLY said he meant, of course, the item.
The First Ambtor of the Treasury had addressed
to the Committee of Ways and Means a letter,
accompanied by an estimate for deficiencies in his
continent fund, requesting the committee to intro-
duce the item into the bid, which was accordingly
done. When the bill came up in the Senate, it
appeared that an amendment had been introduced
for precisely the same ohj®ct; it being taken for
granted, probably, by the committee of the Sen-
ate, that it would not be asked for twice, and not
being; aware that it had been inserted, they put
the item into the bill. He now moved that it be
stricken out.
The question being put on agreeing to the
amendment of the Senate, it was determined in
the negative.
The following amendment being under consid-
eration, viz;
u For contingent expense? in the office of the Fir«t Aud-
itor of'tlie Treasury, hundred ami fiity-fiv" dollar*.
{* F.)r the w«ii|)fn<aii(iii of two watchmen, jo hp pmploi ed
in preserving the jmb};e ground* about the Capitol, hi the
tat'i ofsevpn hundred and Hurt) dollars, per amitun each"—
Mr. BA.YLY said he, was instructed by the
Committee of Ways and Means to recommend to
the House to disagree to this amendment.
Mr. JO.YES remarked tha% in his opinion, if
the House would take the trouble to examine this
subject, they would come to the same conclusion
at which he had arrived, that there was no earthly
necesity for these two watchmen. There was
now employed what was called the Capitol Po-
lice—-one principal policeman at a salary of $1,450,
and four others at a salary of §1,100 apiece, to
take care of the grounds surrounding the Capitol. 1
There were two of these constantly on duty, day
and night. There was also an old man stationed
at the west gale—the gate leading into Pennsyl- 1
vania avenue; and it was proper that there should
be a man stationed there, because that gate was
constantly open, and the shrubbery and flowers
exposed to depredations. As he understood this ,
provision, it was for two additional watchmen, to 1
v.-a.'k about through the grounds, and see that the
children perhaps did not play upon the gra«s, and 1
that nobody wandered from the gravel walks. '
When the Marine Band commence their oper- '
afians, it would take a regiment of watchmen to
keep the people off the grass, when assembled to '
hear the music. There could be no possible ne- '
cessity for increasing the number of watchmen, i
As far as any damage to the public grounds was i
concerned, he did n-t believe that any was likely i
to be done f->r w-nit of additional watchmen. ;
Air. VINTON said he believed there was some
mistake with regard to this item. The Senate
must have intended that $750 should be the com-
pensation for both of the watchmen—$3b5 ivas
what was usually paid to each watchman. He
would move, therefore, ta stiike out $750, and
insert g3(>5
Mr. HOUSTO.V said that he thought the amend-
ment of the gentleman from Ohio was quite un-
necessary, as the intent and meaning ofthe Sen-
ate's amendment would not be misunderstood. He
agreed with the gentleman from Tennessee, that
it was necessary to have a watchman siationed at .
tlie west gate; and he had observed that the old !
I' man who was stationed there was always to lie
i; found at his post. It appeared to him that some
relief ought to be afforded to htm, inasmuch as he
was aged, and as that gate was necessarily always
open. He believed that it was necessary that two
or three other watchmen should be employed, at
the compensation proposed by the gentleman from
Ohio.
Mr. JONES would merely remark, that if the
House determined to adopt the proposition forlhe
I' employment of two additional watchmen, it was
quite unnecessary to make the amendment that
' was proposed by the gentleman from Ohio. He
:• believed that the present police of the Capitol,
when first established, received, each of tflem, a
ji salary of $365, and this had been increased until
It it had reached $1,100. In reference to the old
| man at the west gate, to whom the gentleman
l! from Delaware had referred, it was true that he
|, was aged and infirm, and he was ever faithful to
j. his duties. Recently he had been ill, and con-
t' fined to his bed, and his son, who was a man
r grown, had taken his place, for the purpose of
,• discharging his duties until he should recover; and
1; the very good Commissioner of Public Buildings
had dismissed him, and put another person in his
j place. It was true that the other gates belonging
i to the public grounds were made in such a manner
as to shut to themselves, and remain shut, and
could easily be opened by persons wishing to pass
i through, so that they required no person to attend
' them. There was one immediately in front of
| the house at which he boarded—directly across
;> the street—which had been always left unfastened,
i until one morning, recently, when he discovered
\ persons going to the gate and turning away, find-
ji ing it locked. He had observed a lady, wife of
; an honorable member, who had been in the habit
J! of going there to walk in the morning, turn back,
'i in consequence of the gate being locked—he
! thought perhaps in consequence of the neglect of
the policeman; but, upon inquiry of the man, he
h was*told that the Commissioner of Public Build-
ings had ordered it to be kept locked, and that
1 some Senators had instructed him to keep it
; locked, until policemen could he appointed to
, keep persons off the grass. He had asked the
, man for a hammer, and went over and knocked
i! off the lock.
Mr. VINTON said he thought the honorable
j, gentleman from Tennessee had given the very
; best reason why additional watchmen should be
: employed, in stating that he was obliged to knock
the lock off the sate,
Mr. STANTON, of Kentucky, said he did not
think there was a sufficient number of watchmen
to protect the public grounds, ar.d to prevent dep-
redations being committed on the shrubbery and
flowers. What were the duties which these po-
, licemen were required to perform? They were
required to be upon duty from daylight in the
morning until late at night, under the arrangement
by which every person was permuted to enjoy the
refreshing luxury of walking in the public
grounds. It was a luxury that" he had enjoyed,
and he felr it to be one in reality, ft was a ciedit
to the Government that such a place was pro-
vided, and he thought that the small additional
outlay contemplated by this bill ought not to be
grudged.
Mr. CA RTTER said, there was no difference of
opinion, he believed, in regard to takingcare ofthe
ground-; the question was, whether more men were
requited to do it. He understood that there were
. from sixteen to twenty laborers employed about the
public grounds, to take rare of about thirty acres;
and they were generally employed in turning
, over gravel-stones and raking among the grass^
They moved as if each one needed a galvanic bat- :
! lery applied to him, to give him some appearance 1
of life. So far from preserving the shrubbery and
S grass from injury, it was quite sufficient to ruin
, them that these men were constantly trampling
over them. In addition to these, there weie mne
called policemen, whose duty it was to nP,ambu-
late about the walks. They had nnthin* to do
! witn attending to the gates, at lenst theiVwas no
evidence that any of them dm attend to them, with
the exec prion of this infirm oid man, who was too '
decrepit tn get away. That was the only service
he had seen performed. The proposition was no
: more nor less than to pennon upon the treasury
: two more loafers; that was the whole of it fur it
| was evident that the gates could take care of them- li
' selves. There was nobody who visited the public
gronndswho had not infinitely more respect for
them than those who were employed to attend and
protect them from injury, and who served only to
darken ihe prospect with their lazy carcaseS.
[Laughter.]
The question being taken" on the amendment
proposeU by the gentleman from Ohio, [Mr. Vim-
ton,] it was agreed to.
Mr. VINTON proposed still further to amend,
; by inserting at the end of the clause the Bum of
§730, to co-ver the compensation of $365 each.
The question was put, and the amendment to
the amendment was agreed to.
The question now being on agreeing: to the
amendment of the Senate as amended—
i: Mr. JONES called for tellers; which being or-
\ dered, and Messrs. Richardson and Sheppf.rd
ij being appointed such, a count was had, when it
i appeared that there were 63 ayes and 54 noes.
;j So the amendment as amended was agreed to.
j The question now being on the following amerxl-
1 ment of the Senate, viz:
"For the removal of the public green-hou<-p and thebornn-
* icvil collection thereat, to some suitable site on the public
grounds, and for ercetion of sii< h other green-hoii*-e as
" maybe deemed nectary by the Joint Committee on the
, Library, five thousand dollars, to he expended hy the direc-
tion of the said Joint Comimnpp, awl ii d««r the Mjpervisjori
, of the Commissionurof Public Buildings.55
Mr. BAYLY said he was instructed by the Com-
mitteeW Ways and Means to recommend to the
' House to disagree to this amendmentof the Senate.
It was the opinion of the committee, he said, that
the Government ought not to enter into the green-
,!! house business.
■I Mr. SCHENCK said he desired to a«k of the
,1 chairman of the Committee of Ways and Means
; some explanation of this report. He perceived
, that the amendments of the Senate had been re-
potted back from the Committee of Ways and
Means without amendments. The chairman of
that committee now informed the House that he
was instructed by the committee to move various
amendments not reported. It seemed thai the enm-
■ mittee had reported back all the amendments made
by the Senate, <l without amendment." Such is
the language of their printed report before us, and
that is equivalent, as every one knows, to recom-
mending a concurrence with the Senate; but now
itseems they had reserved to themselves the raising
i of questions to strike out certain of those Senate
[ amendments—questions to be considered at the last
, moment, and voted upon when there could be no
'• opportunity of looking into their met Us, and de-
termining whether the Senate amendments ought to
beadopted or not. He did notuhderstand that mode
of proceeding The committee having ieported
no amendments, it was certainly to be inferred that
they had none to propose,and yet the chairman of
the Committee now came forward with a number
of propositions to amend, for which the House
couid not of course be prepared.
Mr. BAYLY said he would inform the gentle-
man that the committee had never agieed to any
of these amendments which he had moved should
Ue disagreed to by (he House; on the contrary,
the committee had disagreed to them. The bill
had been reported back from the Committee of
Ways and Means with amendments to the Sen-
ate's amendments. He h«d not drawn out all these
amendments in foim, because it was nut consid-
ered necessary to print amendments which con-
sisted merely of stukingr out.
Mr. SCH ENCK observed that the matter stood,
it appeared, precisely as he had supposed; except
that, from the explanation made by 'he chairman
himself now, it appeared that the fauit was not w uh
the committee, but with him as their ot«an. The
hfl had been referred to the committee v. uh amend -
■ mems made by the Seriate The comnutteu hav-
ing examined those am< ndments, hud disapproved
of some of them, and approved of nthns, and d -
le^ud the rrpntt to be made a< cordnijjly. The
chairman of the commirtee, however, ieported
" without amendment," hut now asked the Houj-g
to strikeout, or tuthcr disagree to, certain items
which were not embraced in the report at ?dl.
What was the reason ofthe omUsioti to report
these amendmentsr
Mr. BAYLY hesrjred to say to the gentleman
from Ohio, that he was not i< f-pou^thi ' (or the
omission. The only amendments ihnf were not
specifically stated, were merely amendments to be
made by striking out.
