1850.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
979
Mr. SCHENCIf. They are important amend-
ments nevertheless. If you strike out a few hun-
dred dollars in an appropriation, you make it a
.very different matter from that of retaining it. I
hold that striking out is a very material branch of
proceeding in amending bills.
Mr. HOUSTON said he understood the chair-
man of the committee to propose to strike out the
appropriation for the removal of the green-house
to some more eligible spot than it now occupied,
and to assign as a reason for that motion, that the
committee did riot think that the Government
ought to go into the green-house business. He
would suggest to the gentleman, that so far as that
was concerned, the Government had already gone
into it. It was no new enterprise that was pro-
posed to be engaged in, but merely carrying out
to completion an object which had been com-
menced long ago.
Mr. SCHENCK, resuming his remarks, said
that the House was taken quite by surprise, and
at disadvantage, by having these propositions to
amend sprung upon them at this late period.
They were advised by the report mate by the
chairman of the committee 
Mr. BAYLY, (interposing.) I must insist that
the gentleman from Ohio shall not misrepresent
the position of the committee.
Mr. SCHENCK. Well, suppose you repre-
sent it then.
Mr. BAYLY. I said that I reported the bill
back with amendments.
Mr.SCHENCK. Very well; but did you tell the
House what those amendments were? itisexceed-
ingly important thatthat should be known. Am I
understood now, sir ? Now I intend to say what
I was about to say before. I say that trie House
is put to great disadvantage. The Committee of
Ways and Means, through their chairman, inform
the House that they have considered the Senate's
amendments, and that they made no amendments
thereto. While the House is considering the Sen-
ate's amendments, the chairman of the commit-
tee says that he has been instructed by the com-
mittee to move to strike out certain items which
are very important. What is the purpose of a
report from a committee ? Is it not to put the
House in possession of the result of the delibera-
tions of the committee; to put them on their guard
as to what is to be proposed, that ihey may exam-
ine into its propriety ? Now, what is the fact m
this case? A report comes back to us proposing
no amendments. Yet when we come to vote item
by item, amendments are sprung upon us unex-
pectedly, and they come from the committee too—
propositions of which we have never heard before
—propositions to strike out this item and that item,
and we are expected to act upon these propositions
at once, without having been prepared by any no-
tice in regard to them.
With regaid to this particular item, concerning
which a proposition to amend is sprung upon us
at the last moment, it was naturally to be sup-
posed that the committee had found it to be all
right; but we are now informed that the commit-
tee recommend that it shall be stricken out. It is
for the removal of the green-house from the en-
closure of the Patent Office. I can only say that,
so far as 1 am concerned, I did not suppose there
would be an objection to the proposition for re-
moval. I had no reason to suppose that there
would be a question raised by the committee con-
cerning it. The green-house, I understand, con- ■
sists of a collection of plants that were brought !
home by the Exploring Expedition,and which have [
ate's amendment i shall most assuredly vote for
it, and against any proposition to strike it out.
Mr. BAYLY said he was not in the least degree
surprised at the criticism which had been made in
relation to his course as chairman of the Commit-
tee of Ways and Means. No one who was
acquainted with the peculiar structure of that gen-
tleman's mind would be at all astonished at the
captious objections he made. But the gentle-
man was in error when he attributed irregularity
to his course when he (Mr. B.) reported this bill.
Instances had frequently occurred in this House
iri which bills had been reported m a similar man-
ner. In a thousand instances the chairman of the
committee had announced whether the amend-
ments of the Senate had been agreed to or not.
When he reported the bill he had explicitly said
that he reported it with amendments. As to the
manner in which the bill was printed he had noth-
ing to do with that. He thought he should never
have been able to get this bill printed at all. With
reference to the item under consideration, he him-
self would prefer that the green-house should be
removed. For this pupose an appropriation of
#5,000 was made in this bill. The gentleman
from Ohio had said it was important that these
plants should be preserved, because they were
required for the purpose of completing- a botanical
j report now in preparation. He had heard the
( same reason assigned in the Senate, and he had
j made it his business to inquire as to the fact.
i He had come to the conclusion that after the
: east wing of the Patent Office was finished, this
| green-house ought not to remain where it is. But
| he thought it should be kept up until the botanical
i report was completed. After that was done, he
| pledged himself to introduce a resolution, which The
trusted the House would agree to, to break up "this
j green-house, to distribute the plants, and abandon j
this measure. A friend from Missouri suggested
that this should he done now. But he thought i
differently. He was disposed to let the green- |
house remain for the present, until the report of !
the botanist was made, and that it should after- |
wards be pulled down. ]
Mr. STANTON, of Kentucky, rose, but yield- :
ed the floor to Mr. Schenck for an explanation. '
Mr. SCHENCK said, as to the objection of the |
chairman of the Committee of Ways arid Means I
to my course and manner here, I have only this to i
reply: It may be that I am accustomed, as he says,
to make " captious objections;" but, often as I
may err in that way, my criticisms certainly can-
not be half as frequent as his wretched blundering
should justly provoke them.
Mr. STANTON resumed. He should regret
to see this provision stricken out. It was abso-
lutely necessary that this provision should be
j adopted. The persons who are engaged in the
construction of the east wing of the Patent Office
find it impossible to proceed while ihe green-house
that, and had looked into it. But he had come to
the opinion that the plants would be too much
shaded if they were removed to the other situa-
tion.
Mr. ROOT resumed. He believed that the
west green-house would not be sufficiently large
to receive all the plants, and if it were, it would
still be an unfit place. The southern part which
was appropriated to the tropical and rr.ore'delreate
plants, ought to be a story higher. It was, at
present, an unfit place, and the question before the
committee was, should .we take care of these
plants ? The Committee on the Library had asked
for an appropriation of $5,000 for this purpose.
And who, he asked, was there here, who would
be willing to sacrifice these plants? Their col-
lection has been the occupation of years. There
may be persons in this country who think they are
of no use. He hoped there were few such persons
in this House. The love of flowers was a passion
almost universal in the human breast, and he could
not suppose that there were any gentlemen here
who were opposed to them. They had cost us in
their collection far more than the amount of this
appropriation. Yet they would, after all, be lost,
if we did not adopt the means now proposed for
their preservation. Rather than let them perish,
it might be even better, if we could find no other
use for them, to have thern made up in bundles,
and distributed under our franks among our con-
stituents. They might be turned to good account
in that way. The green-house, however, was the
proper place for them. And has not Congress
the same interest in preserving these plants, as in
keeping up the flowers in our Capitol grounds, or
in appropriating money for two additional watch-
men to prevent them from being destroyed? Are
we by our neglect to suffer these rare and valuable
tropical plants to be destroyed ? He hoped not.
He was very willing to give this $,5 000 for the
purpose of preserving them. If they are to be
preserved at all, it must be done now. And he
hoped the appropriation for that purpose would be
agreed to, notwithstanding the recommendation of
the Committee of Ways aud Means to the con-
trary.
Mr. THOMPSON, of Mississippi, desired to
say but a single word on the subject. The origin-
al intention of Congress in the construction of
this green-house was, that it should be merely a
temporary thing, in order to preserve the plants
brought home by the Exploring Expedition, until
the report of that expedition should be finished.
And the question now before the committee is,
whether this original design should be changed,
this green-house should be a permanent establish-
ment, be made the foundation of a new bureau,
and become a portion of a new system. For all
the objects of the individuals engaged in the prep-
aration of the report, the green-house, as it now
stands, is quite sufficient. It was never intended
remains where it is. Some of them are now in to be permanent, but only to preserve the plants
t U A ^ I f A 1 1 I .*1.1 . V. 1 ^ "T •
the Capitol, and say that they cannot proceed
without destroying the plants, unless the green-
house is removed. And is there any disposition
here to destroy this valuable collection of plants
which have been brought home by the Exploring
Expedition, and which have been kept with so
much care for the purpose of ascertaining which
of them may be suited for our country, and to give
them an opportunity of becoming acclimated?' It
is so important that they should be preserved that
we ought not to suffer any mistaken notions of
economy to permit us to let. them be lost. They
werenot brought here merely to gratifyan idle curi- j
osity, but to subserve a practical purpose. They
been preserved with the view of furnishing an op- ]! were necessary to enable the naturalist engaged
portunity to -the persons engaged in preparing or
completing the Narrative of the expedition, to
make a classification of them to be inserted in the
published report of the results of the expedition. !
This, I believe, is the whole history of the green- i
house. It is not a question whether we shall go j
into the establishment of a botanical garden, I
though 1 confess i should have no insuperable :
objection to a proposition of that kind. I can see 1
no reason why we might not, in connection with !
the National Institute, establish a botanical gar- |
den or a zoological garden, or anything else; but j
there is nothing: of the kind proposed. The object i
of the appropriation, as I understand it, is to fire- >
serve this collection of plants until the report of j
the results of the Exploring Expedition shall have i
been completed. If this be the objeat of the Sen- j
in the work, and who could not go on without fre-
quent refeience to them, to perfect his report. He
hoped, therefore, that the section would be permit-
ted to remain in the bill.
Mr. MCMULLEN thought that the committee
had had quite enough of this discussion, and us
he believed there was no great necessity for the
passage of this item at this time, he would move
the previous question. [A. laugh,]
Mr. ROOT rose, and, as far as his argument
could be heard, sustained the propriety of continu-
ing this green-house, and submitted to the chair-
man of the Committee of Ways and Means an
interrogatory as to what would be the effect of re-
moving the plants to the second story of the
building.
Mr. BAYLY replied that he had thought of
until the report was completed. Now, if we are
to make this a permanent establishment, it may be
as well to begin now as at any other time. A
suitable place may be selected, and we may as well
make the appropriation at once. It is, to be sure,
but a mere beginning. But, by and by, it will
not only bring m all the plants collected by the
Exploring Expedition, but ail American plants
and flowers, and ~~then all which our charges
abroad may collect and send home; anu, in tune,
we shall, no doubt, have one of the most splendid
collections in the world. It is now for us to deter-
mine whether we will go into the thing perma-
nently; because, if such is to be our policy, it will
answer every purpose if we embark in it at once
by making this appropriation.
He believed the opinion was pretty general in
the Committee of Ways and Means, in fVror of
striking1 out this oLmse. As to the manner of re-
porting these bilks, he believed the usual course
had been to have the amendments printed in ital-
ics. This had not been done in the present bill,
and so far there had been a departure from usage.
But he did not admit that there had been any mis-
take on the part of the chairman of the committee.
Mr. MCMULLEN said that he believed this
was a question about a national green-house.
Gentlemen had given very florid descriptions of
the plants which were kept in it. Everything was
green and beautiful. He regretted that when he
was last up he had shown himself to be so green
also, as to move the previous question in Com nut-
