1850.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
LIST OP ACTS
Passed at the First Session of the Thirty-first Congress,
Public Jlcts which originated in the Senate.
An act to enable the State of Arkansas and other
States to reclaim the " swamp lands" within
their limits.
An act granting the right of way and making a
grant of land to the States of Illinois, Missis-
sippi, and Alabama, in aid of the construction
of a railroad from Chicago to Mobile.
An act to amend and supplementary to the act en-
titled "An act respecting fugitives from justice
and persons escaping: from the service of their
masters," approved February 12, 1793.
An act to reduce the minimum price of the mineral
lands in the Lake Superior district in Michigan
and in the Chippewa district in Wisconsin.
An act to authorize notaries public to take and
certify oaths,affirmations,and acknowledgments
in certain cases.
An act to amend an act entitled "An act for the
better organization of the District Court of the
United States within the State of Louisiana,"
approved the 3d of March, 1849.
An act providing for the taking of the seventh and
subsequent censuses of the United States, and to
fix the number of the members of the House of
Representatives, and to provide for their future
apportionment among the several States.
An act to carry into effect the convention between
the United States and the Emperor of Brazil, of
the 27th day of January, 1849.
An act authorizing; the negotiation of treaties with
the Indian tribes in the Territory of Oregon, for
the extinguishment of their claims to lands lying
west of the Cascade mountains, and for other
purposes.
An act to increase the rank and file of the army,
and to encourage enlistments.
An act to increase the commissariat of the United
States army.
An act to reduce and define the boundaries of the
military reserve at St. Peter's river, in* the Ter-
ritory of Minnesota, and to secure the rights of
the actual settlers thereon.
An act for the admission of the State of California
into the Union.
An act to amend an -act entitled " An act to regu-
late the collection of duties on imports and ton-
nage," approved March 2d, 1799.
An act giving the assent of the United States to an
act of the General Assembly of Maryland,
passed at the December session, 1844, chapter
287.
An act giving the assent of Congress to the leasing
of a portion of the margin of the Black Warrior
river for the purposes therein mentioned.
An act to piovide for the printing of the Annual
* Report upon Commerce and Navigation.
An act to provide for holding the Courts of the
United States in case of the sickness or other
disability of the Judges of the District Courts.
An act to establish a I'erritoriai Government for
Utnh.
An act to suppress the slave trade in the District
of Columbia.
An act to regulate the terms of the Circuit and
District Courts of the United Slates for the Dis-
trict of Ohio.
An act supplementary to the act entitled " An act
providing for the taking of the seventh and sub-
sequent censuses of the United States, and to fix
the number of the members of the House of
Representatives, and to provide for their future
apportionment among the several States."
An act to amend the act entitled "An act to amend,
in the cases therein mentioned, the ' act to regu-
late the duties on imports and tonnage/ "
An act proposing to the State of Texas the estab-
lishment of her northern and western bounda-
ries, the relinquishment by the said State of all
territory claimed by her exterior to said bound-
aries, and of all her claims upon the United
States, and to establish a Territorial Govern-
ment for New Mexico.
An act to authorize the Secretary of the Treasury
to permit vessels from the British North Amer-
ican Provinces to lade and unlade at such places
in any collection district of the United States as
he may designate.
Ai act to create additional collection districts in
the State of California, and to change the exist-
ing-district therein, and to modify the existing
collection districts in the United States, and for
other purposes.
An act to provide for extending the laws and the
judicial system of the United States to the State
of California.
An act to authorize the appointment of Indian
agents in California.
An act making appropriations for light-houses,
light-boats, buoys, &c., and providing for the
erection and establishment of the same, and for
other purposes.
An act to extend the port of New Orleans.
An act to repeal so much of the act approved 11th
of August, 1848, as extends the provisions there-
of to Macao.
Joint resolution limiting the expense of collecting
the revenue from customs for the present fiscal
year.
Joint resolution authorizing the purchase of the
manuscript Farewell Address of George Wash-
ington.
Joint resolution for binding the public documents.
Joint resolution for restoring the settlement of the
"three months' extra pay" claims to the ac*
counting officers of the Treasury.
Joint resolution Relative to the payment of divi-
dends or interests on war bounty scrip.
Joint resolution expressing the condolence of Con-
gress for Mrs. MargaretS. Taylor.
Joint resolution to amend a resolution approved on
the 10th of August, 1850, relative to the pay-
ment of dividends or interest on war bounty
scrip.
Joint resolution relating to the publication of the
Laws of the United States.
Joinj resolution relative to the public printing.
Private acts which originated in the Senate,
An act in relation to donations of land to certain
persons in the State of Arkansas.
An act for the relief oY Joseph P. Williams.
An act providing for the examination and settle-
ment of claims of land at the Sault Ste. Marie,
in Michigan.
An act for the relief of Conrad W. Faber, Leo-
pold Bierwith, and Theodore Victor.
An act to enable Trustees of the Methodist Epis-
copal Church in Georgetown, in the District of
Columbia, to hold certain property for the pur-
poses therein recited.
An act for the relief of John Mitchell.
An act for the relief of Captain Nathan Adams, of
Tennessee.
An act to amend an act entitled " An act for the
relief of D. A. Watterston."
An act for the relief of L'euright Browning.
An act to authorize Thomas Gmnalty to hold and
transmit certain real estate.
Joint jesolution directing the accounting officers of
the Treasury to adjust the account of Newton
Lane, late Pension A^entat Louisville.
Joint resolution to extend the provisions of a
"joint resolution for the benefit of Frances Slo-
cum and her children and grandchildren of the
Miami tribe of Indians," Approved March 3,
1845, to certain other individuals of the same
tribe.
Joint resolution for the settlement of accounts with
the heirs and representatives of Colonel Pierce
M. Butler, late agent for the Cherokee Indians.
And another joint resolution of precisely the same
title.
Pub tic Acts which originated in the House of Rep-
resentatives.
An act to provide for recording the conveyances of
vessels and for other purposes.
An act to continue in force an act therein men-
tioned, relating to the port of Baltimore.
An act supplementary to the act entitled " An act
supplementary to the act entitled * An actestab-
lishing a Mint, and regulating the coins of the
United States.' "
An act to make further appropriations for public
buildings in the Territories of Minnesota and
Oregon.
An act to supply deficiencies in the appropriation
for the service of the fiscal yeai ending the 30th
June, 1850,
An act making appropriations for certain fortifica-
tions of the United States for the year ending the
30th of June, 1851.
An act making appropriations for the support of
the Military Academy for the year ending the
30th of June, 1851.
An act making appropriations for the Naval service
for the year ending the 30th of June^ 1851.
An act granting bounty lands to certain officers and
soldiers who have been engaged in the military
service of the United States.
An act to create the office of Surveyor General of
the public lands in Oregon, and to provide for
the survey, and to make donations to settlers of
the said public lands.
An act making appropriations for the payment of
Navy pensions for the year ending the 30th of
June, 1851.
An act making appropriations for the current and
contingent expenses of the Indian Department,
and for fulfilling treaty stipulations with the
various Indian tribes for the year ending June
30, 1851.
An act making appropriations for the payment of
revolutionary and other pensions of the United
States for the year ending the 30th of June, 1851.
An act authorizing the Legislative Assemblies of
Minnesota and Oregon Territories to prolong
their next annual session to a period of ninety
days.
An act making appropriations for the service of
the Post Office Department during the fiscal year
ending June 30, 1851.
An act to supply a deficiency in the appropriation
for the service of the fiscal year ending the 30th
of June, 1851.
An act to establish certain post-roads in the United
States.
An act to supply a deficiency in the appropriation
for pay and mileage of members of Congress for
the present session.
An act to provide for carrying .into execution in
further part the 12th article of the treaty with
Mexico, concluded at Guadalupe Hidalgo.
An act making appropriations for the support of
the Army for the year ending the 30th of June,
1851.
An act making appropriations for the civil and
diplomatic expenses of the Government for the
year ending the 30th of June, 1851, and for
other purposes.
Joint resolution instructing (he Secretary of State
to furnish the State of Alabama duplicates of
the books and documents heretofore supplied by
Congress, and which were destroyed by the
recent burning of the State capitol of said State.
Joint resolution to supply the Territories of Ore-
gon and Minnesota with the Narrative of the
Exploring Expedition.
Joint resolution authorizing the President of the
United States to accept and attach to the Navy
two vessels offered by Henry Grrinnetl, Esq., of
New York, to be sent to the Arctic Seas in
search of Sir John Franklin and his companions.
Private Acts which originated in the House of Rep-
resentatives.
An act for the relief of W llliam Paddy.
An act to extend the privilege of franking letters
and packages to Sarah Polk.
An act for the relief of William B. Crews.
An act to refund the fine imposed on the late Dr.
Thomas Cooper, under the sedition law, to his
heirs.
An act for the relief of Jesse Sutton.
An act for the construction of certain roads in the
Territory of Minnesota, and for other purposes.
An act further to extend the time for locating Vir-
ginia military land warrants and returning sur-
veys theieon to the General Land Office.
An act for the relief of Brown & Tarbox.
An act for the relief of Richard H. Barrett.
An act for the relief of Benjamin P. Smith.
An act for the relief of Camfield AveriU.
An act for the relief of Eliphas C. Brown.
An act for the relief of Skelton Felton.
An act for the relief of Winthrop S. Harding.
An act for the relief of Smith & Hersey.
An act for the relief of Jacob Zimmerman.
An act for the reiief of Sarah Jane West.
An act for the lelief of Thomas Dennis.
An act for the relief of the Wilmington & Raleigh
Railroad Company.
An act to grant a register to the barque Royal
Saxon.
Attract for the relief of AMo-lah and his legal rep-
resentatives, and their grantees.
An act authorizing the issuing of a register to the
barque Cornwalhs.
An act for the relief of James T. Shackleford.
