1850.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
$81
■See while be gave one or two reasons in support of
the amendment which he had offered. He be-
lieved its adoption would have agreater tendency to
correct the evil of having incompetent persons in
jnublic employ, than any Board of Examiners
which could be appointed. He had had some ex-
perience in relation to public offices, and he would
tell the committee that if a Board of Examiners
was instituted, to say who shall and who shall not
be appointed to office, from that moment you ex-
onerate the heads of departments from all respon-
sibility as to the manner in which the subordinate
duties may be performed. Congress calls for in-
formation from the head of a department. He
replies that he has not time to give the information
you ask for. You ask for the reason. His an-
swer wili be, " the Board of Examiners have
forced on me a set of incompetent clerks, who are
•entirely independent of me; I cannot command
, them." And thus the public business will he en-
tirely neglected, or, at best, very imperfectly per-
formed.
He desired to see a reform in the mode of ap-
pointing clerks, and now was the prope^ time to
go into it. Now that there was a Whig Admin-
istration he hoped to see this reform made, and
he desired to see his Whig friends stand up, and
back him in his efforts to bring it about. At
present the appointments are in the hands of the
heads of departments, and it is in their power to
make the clerks do their duty. But if you appoint
a Board of Examiners, you exonerate the heads
of departments from all responsibility. The wise
way was, to leave the appointments where they
are, and hold those who make them to their re-
sponsibility for all failures in duty.
Mr. BAYLY rose to a question of order. Is a
question relating to the regulation of the mode of
appointment m order on a deficiency bill?
The Chair decided the amendment in order.
Mr. McGAUGHEY resumed. He had been
asked by the gentleman from Pennsylvania near
him, [Mr. Stevens,] if there was any proposition
before the committee for the appointment of a I
Board of Examiners ? He would answer " No."
But he wasreplying to the remarks of the gentle-
man from Virginia, who wished to postpone the
appointment of these clerks until Congress author-
ized the appointment of such a board. His re-
marks, therefore, were not inappropriate. He
was opposed to such a board. If he could not get
an appointment which he might desire from the
head of a department, he would go to the White
House and make his demand.
Mr. SWEETSER (McGaughey yielding) said
he had it from one of the colleagues of the gentle-
man that he had carried a complaint of this sort to
the head of the Government, and was told by the
President that he had selected the heads of depart-
ments to make these appointments, and that he had
full confidence in their discretion. „
Mr. McGAUGHEY resumed. He was not the
person alluded to by the gentleman from Ohio.
■ If the Presiaent had given him such a reply, he
would have brought his complaint to this House.
If he had gone to the President with a request, and
such a complaint of the conduct of the heads of de-
partments, and had been thus answered, he would
have denounced the President here and before his
constituents. He, however, was not likely to be
placed in such a position, for he had no ear for
there private complaints here or elsewhere.
He was against a Board of Examiners, because
it would take away the responsibility from the
heads of departments. It had been alleged that
the department were full of drones of clerks, se-
lected out of this District and the Slates of Virginia
and Maryland, who receive their salaries for do-
ing nothing. If so, let them be called to account,
and treated as they deserve. But the citizens of
this District and of Virginia and Maryland have
a perfect right to stick their noses in the public
crib.
It might be supposed that he had an unwilling-
ness to trust his Whig friends with too much
power, but no such motive had influenced him in
submitting his amendment. He desired to see a
reform in the mode of appointing clerks, and he
thought this was the most propitious moment to
commence it. He thought the amendmenta legiti-
mate and a proper one, and that it ought to be
passed.
Mr. SEDDON moved that the committee rise.
Mr. BAYLY expressed a hope that the commit-
tee would not rise, but that the amendments might
be disposed of without further debate.
The motion was then negatived.
Mr. MORTON said he did not rise to inflict on
the committee the punishment of a speech. But he
should hold himself recreant to his duty if he did
net stand up to defend his constituents against the
calumnious charges of the gentleman who had just
spoken.
Mr. McGAUGHEY (Mr. Morton yielding)
disclaimed any intention to calumniate the citizens
of Virginia. He had taken his information on the
subject from the pages of the Blue Book.
Mr. MORTON The Blue Book! Why, ac-
cording to the Blue Book, every man that is born,
is born in Virginia. Virginia has no more than
her proper proportion in her share of the public
offices.
Mr. BAYLY. Will my friend allow me to
state that three years ago, when a similar charge
was made against Virginia, I took the trouble to
institute a careful inquiry into the facts, and I
found that so far from having more than her
proportion of public offices, she had far less than
she ought to have had.
Mr. MORTON. Yes; she has less than she is
entitled to.
Mr. STRONG rose to a point of order. He
submitted to the Chair that the argument of the
gentleman from Virginia was not confined to the
question before the committee, but, on the con-
trary, had no reference to it, and was therefore
out of order.
The Ciiatr did not entertain the point of order.
Mr. BAYLY requested his friend from Virginia
not to protract this discussion, but to let the
amendments be acted on.
Mr. MORTON said he would conclude with a
single remark. He would merely advert to a
single fact in relation to this Blue Book. When
he had gone to the department to procure an apoint-
ment for one of his constituents, the reply was,
that Virginia had more than her proportionate
number of clerks already. He had used every
effort m his power to have the Blue Book correct-
ed, but he had to give it up. He found it could
not be done. He would assert, however, that
Virginia had not more than her proportion.
Mr. CONRAD called for the reading of the
amendment-, and the amendment having been read, !
he inquired whether it was the purpose of the i
mover to put it out of the power of any representa- I
tive to obtain an appointment for a constituent
who might happen to be here? He referred to the j
time when the House was inundated with loafers j
in quest of office, when there were fifty to every
one who is here now. He would be willing to j
pass a law empowering the Executive to give all the ]
offices to persons living within this District, and it j
Virginia and Maryland desired to have a slice ;
they might. He was willing to give up all the i
claims of Louisiana. He had been written to in-
quiring if there was any chance of obtaining an i
office here, if the writer should come on? And he
had replied that the inquirer had better stay at [
home, for he would not make his expenses by ]
coming here. The mover of this amendment, he
believed, had no provision in it for paying the ex- ;
penses of disappointed applicants. He deprecated |
this -covetousness of office as degrading to the
country, and tending to destroy the purity of elec- 1
tions. He would do everything in his power to
discourage it. He was willing to leave all these
appointments to office at the discretion of the Ex- j
ecutive. _ i
Mr. BAYLY desired to make one suggestion,
[f this proposition should be adopted, of which
he had no expectation, the result would be that
this bill would go back to the Senate, where
it will lead to a discussion. It would be defeated
there, the bill would come back again to the House, ^
and this delay would be detrimental, in the high-
est degree, to the public service.
Mr. McGAUGHEY asked, what reason the
gentleman from Virginia had for saying the amend-
ment would be rejected m the Senate' ;
Mr. BAYLY said he had just as much ground j
for the supposition as any member might have. ;
It was an amendment irrelevant to the object of '
the bill. ;
Mr. STEVENS, of Pennsylvania, expressed a |
hope that the mover of the amendment would so j
modify it as that every Representative from a dis-
trict should have the right to nominate clerks for
his own district, or else some one member of a
State might run away with all the giory of the
appointments for the State.
The question being about to be put, Mr. Mc-
GAUGHEY demanded tellers, and the demand
being sustained, Mr. Bocock and Mr. Duncan
were appointed tellers.
The question was then taken on Mr. Mc-
Gadghey's amendment, and decided in the nega-
tive—ayes 51, noes 82.
So the amendment was rejected.
The amendment of the Senate was then agreed
to.
The committee then proceeded to consider the
next amendment, as follows:
Sec. 3. Jlnd be it further enacted,, That the salaries pro-
vided for hi the '.eeond section ot this act, and $>a>able for
the remainder of the fiscal year ending June thirtieth,eiah-
i teen hundred and fifty, and (or the whole year ending June
| thirtieth, eighteen hundred and fifty-on", shall be paid out
of any money in the treasury not otherwise appropriated.
Mr. JONES moved, to amend the amendment
by striking out the words "and for the whole year
ending June 3Q;h, 1851."
His object, he said, was to confine the appro-
priation to the current year, and not to sanction
the continuance of these clerks through another
year.
The amendment was rejected.
Mr. BAYLY said he was instructed by the
Committee of Ways and Means to move some
amendments to come in at the end of this section.
The amendments were sent to the Chair, to be
read, as follows:
"To supply deficiency of appropriation for the contingent
expenses of all the rm>sions abroad, $10,100.
T<> supply deficiency of appropriation (or the payment of
the judicial expenses of the Government tor the rema*nd«r
of the present fiscal year, $>(),000.
« Be it it fu> ther enacted, Th.it the President of the United
SfaiP-5 he authorized to direct the transfer of the «um of
§30,000 from any unexpended b lance of funds applica-
ble to army sub^tence, to supplv deficiency in the Quarter-
master's Depaitment, and for the tiasportation of bijppiies
of the army and the volunteers called mio the service of
the United States hi Texas and New Mexico."
Mr. JONES objected that these amendments
were not in order.
Mr. BAYLY replied that they were distinct and
separate items, legitimately belonging to the de-
ficiency hill.
The CHAIR decided that the amendments were
out of order, having no connection with the amend-
ments of the Senate. They were new and inde-
pendent propositions.
Mr. BAYLY stated, that if the Chair decided
these amendments to be out of order, as the pub-
lic service would suffer considerably by theiromis-
sion, he must appeal from the decision of the
Chair.
After some remarks on the point of order by
Messrs. VINTON, STEVENS of Pennsylvania,
JONES, and DUNHAM, the question was put,
" Shall the decision of the Chair stand as the
judgment of the committee r" and was decided in
the affirmative, without a count.
So the decision of the Chair was sustained.
The amendment of the Senate was then agreed
to.
Mr. BAYLY moved that the committee rise
and report the bill, and the motion being agreed to,
The committee rose and reported the bill and
amendment to the House.
On motion by Mr. SCHENCK, it was agreed
that when the House adjourns, it be I ill Monday
next.
Mr. McDONALD moved that the House? ad-
journ, and the question being put, the House
refused to arijoutn.
Mr. BAYLY moved the previous question on
concurring with the Committee of the Whole on
the state of the Union in their action on the Sen-
ate amendments.
The previous question received a second; and
the main question was ordered.
The SPEAKER said the main question would
be on concurring in the amendments of the Com-
! mitlee of the Whole on the slate of the Union.
Mr. GERRY moved that the House adjourn;
! aud the question being put, it was disagreed to.
! The first, second, third, fourth, and fifth amend-
ments of the Senate were concurred in.
The question now being on agreeing to th#
I amendment appropriating §129,250 to supply the
i deficiency in the appioprianon for the contingent
i expenses of the House of Representatives,
