984
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
May 13,
Mr. C. having1 concluded—
Mr SAVAGE obtained the floor, but yielded
for a moment to
Mr. ORR, who desired, he said, to correct the
gentleman from New York [Mr. Clarke] as to
one fact. The State of South Carolina, Mr. 0.
was understood to say, had made an appropriation
for the purpose of compensating Mr. Whitney for
his invention.
Mr SAVAGE addressed the committee upon
the slavery question. He exposed and denounced
as aggressions and usurpations the-efforts of the
North to exclude the South from the territories;
reviewed in a strain of invective what he consid-
ered the hypocnticai pretensions and nefarious acts
of the Free-Soilers, and urged the defence of south-
ern rights 41 at ail hazards and to the last extrem-
ity." He did not despair of an adjustment of the
disputed questions growing out of the subject of
slavery, but expressed the hope that they would
be fairly met and fairly settled. He objected to the
admission of California with her present bounda-
ries and present constitution, but intimated that he
might be induced to vote for it, if coupled with
bills establishing territorial governments over the
remaining territories containing no provision on
the subject of slavery. [His speech will be found
in the Appendix ]
Mr. S. having- concluded—
Mr. MEACHAM next obtained the floor, and
yielded to a motion of
Mr. ROOT, that the committee rise.
The motion being agreed to—ayes 63, noes 34—
the committee rose and reported.
Mr. FSATHERSTON moved that the House
again resolve itself into Committee of the Whole
on the state of the Union.
Mr. JONES, referring to the fact that the vote
just taken showed that a quorum was not present,
moved that the House adjourn.
Mr, FEATHERSTON said, in making the mo-
tion to go back into committee he did not wish to
force the gentleman from Vermont [Mr. Meacii-
am] to speak this evening; there were other gen-
tlemen who would be glad to occupy the floor.
Mr. CLEVELAND proposed to move that
when the House adjourns, u adjourn to meet at :
eleven o'clock.
The SPEAKER ruled the motion out of order.
The question was put on the motion to adjourn,
and agreed to.
The House accordingly adjourned:
PETITIONS, Stc.
The following petitions, memorials, &c., were
presented under the rule, and referred to the ap-
propriate committees:
By Mr. HENRY: The petition of J. A. Bogue and 100
Other citizens of Cniuenden, Rutland county, Vermont,
praying the .-eat <>t ihe General Government be removed !
from the District of Columbia, unless r-lavery and the sdave i
trade be prohibited therein.
Also, thr petition ot the same and 106 others of the same
placr, that slnveiy nnu tne slave irade may be prohibited by
law in all the territories of the Ci.ited States.
Also, the pf ution of the same and 1U4 others, of the same
place, thdt no State be hereuiter admitted into the Union the
co'i.-titutioji of whicn d ess net expre< Iy prohibit s-l u erv.
Ai-o, the petition of Dan Dike ««nd 102 others of the t-airie
place, that persons claimed a* fugitive slaves may only be
delivered to claimant-* upon th* fh ding of a jury.
By Mr. SCHOOLCRAFT : Tne petition of John Lauoks
and other citizens ot Sharon Spriras. New York, n tavor 1
of establishing a mail-route from Cduajoharie to Shaion !
Center.
Bv Mr. JACKSON, of Georgia : The petition of citizens •
of Telfair, Montgomery, ami Lauren-. counties, Gtor^ia, tor |
a man-route from Dubhu to Jacksonville.
A!«o, the petition ot citizens ot Montgomery and Tatnnll !
counties, Georgia, for the establishment ot a mail-route from '
Mount Vernon ro R<-Mfl-viI!e.
By Mr. RISLEY : The petition of Lewis L. Pratt and 245 '
other citizens of Chautduque county. New York, prnving \
Congress to enablifh a mail-route from Fiedoma to Villa- i
novia m said county. j
By Mr. MORTON" • The memorial of Thomas Davis, 1
prajmg tor a pension. I
IN SENATE. !
Monday, May 13, 1850. !
The PRESIDENT pro tem. of the Senate laid ;
before the body a communication from the De- ,
partment of War, made tn compliance with a reso- i
lutum of the 1st instant, calling for the report of
Captain Marcy, of his expedition from Fort Smith, >
Ai Kansas, to Sarua Fe,&c., stating that the vo- '
luminous repoit of Captain Marcy had been trans- i
mined to the House of Repiesentatives, on the
ISth of February last, and was ordered to be
printed, but intimating that, if the Senate required
a manuscript copy of the report, it would be fur-
nished as soon as practicable.
Also, a communication from the same depart-
ment, made in compliance with a resolution of the
26th March last, calling for the extent and value
of the commerce on Lakes Michigan and Superior,
&c., which, on motion of
Mr. WALKER, was laid on the table, and or-
dered to be printed.
MEMORIALS AND PETITIONS.
Mr. TURNEY presented the memorial of E.
P. Hale, late assistant surgeon to the second regi-
ment of Tennessee volunteers, in the late war with
Mexico, asking to be allowed extra pay and bounty
land; which was referred to the Committee on
Military Affairs.
Mr. DICKINSON presented the petition of
Samuel R. Butterworth, asking compensation for
his services in carrying the mail; which was re-
ferred to the Committee on the Post OiHce and
Post Roads.
Mr. WHITCOMB presented the proceedings of
a meeting of citizens of Indiana, held at Bowling
Green, in that Slate, in favor of a Jaw allowing
bounty land to the officers and soldiers of the last
war with Great Britain, and to those who served
in the various Indian wars since the Revolution;
which were referred to the Committee on Military-
Affairs.
Mr. BRIGHT presented a petition of citizens
of Indiana, in behalf of William A. Mott, a soldier
in the Black Hawk war, asking that he may be
allowed bounty land; which was referred to the
Committee on Pensions.
Mr. RUSK presented a petition of citizens of
Philadelphia, and other places, in favor of a reduc-
tion of the rates of postage, which, with the peti- j
S tions on the files of the Senate, were referred to j
: the Committee on the Post Office and Post Roads. ;
! JUDICIARY OF THE DISTRICT OF COLUMBIA. I
: Mr. WALKER. I beg leave to present the !
memorial of certain citizens of Georgetown, some j
of whom 1 am assured are amon* the most re- ■
spectable citizens of that place. They pray a re- \
organization in the judiciary of the District of I
Columbia. I took occasion the other day, when j
discussing another matter, to say that I should at |
an early day introduce a bill to reorganize the )u- '
diciary of this District. It appears, sir, that the
conduct of the judiciary has become intolerable to 'j
the people, and the last crowning act see<ns to j
have been the striking of a very honorable, high- •
minded, and talented gentleman, Mr. May, from j
the list of attorneys, by the Circuit Court of the j
District. That seems to have been the crowning f
act, and the people are beginning to speak for
themselves, and to send in their petitions. I am
aware that there are in the Senate, to be presented
this morning, t<yo other petitions, and similar doc-
uments are likely to flow in upon us in very great
numbers. 1 present this one; and move its refer-
made, a suitable provision will be appended for
our venerable chief justice, on account of hislong,
useful, and eminent services; which was refened
to the Committee on the Judiciary.
Mr. PRATT presented two memorials from
citizens of Washington county, in the District of
Columbia, in favor of a reorganization of the Ju-
diciary of the District of Columbia; which were
referred to the Committee on the Judiciary.
Mr. CHASE presented a memorial of the city
council of Cincinnati, Ohio, asking the erection of
a marine hospital at that place; which was referred
to the Committee on Commerce.
REPORTS FROM COMMITTEES.
Mr. SEBASTIAN, from the Committee on In-
dian Affairs, to which was referred the memoiml
of Thomas Snodgrass, asking the reimbursement
of expenses incurred in the removal of the Chero-
kee Indians, submitted a report, which was or-
dered to be printed, accompanied by a bill for his
relief.
Mr. BALDWIN, from the Committee of Claims,
to which was leferred the memoiial of Eugene
Van Ness and John N. Burch, executors of Ne-
hemiah Brush, for property destroyed by the
United States troops in Florida, made an adverse
report on the same; which was ordered to be
printed.
Mr. FELCH, from the Committee on the Pub-
lic Lands, to which was referred the memorial of
James J. Stark, of Florida, asking for a donation
of land under the armed occupation act, made an
adverse report on the same; which was ordered to
be printed.
Also, from the same committee, to which was
referred the resolutions of the Legislature of In-
diana, in refation to a grant of land for the use of
the University of Indiana, submitted a reoort,
which was ordered to be printed, accompanied by
a bill to supply the deficiency in the township of
land granted by Congress to the State of Indiana
by an act approved 19th April, 1816, for the use
of a State seminary of learning; which was read
and ordered to a second reading.
Mr. SMITH, from the Committee on the Pub-
lic Lands, to which was referred the petition of
Sydney S. Alcott, submitted a report, which was
ordered to be printed, accompanied by a bill for
his relief; which was read and passed to asecond
reading.
Mr. BORLAND, from iheCommntee on Print-
ing, to which was referred the motion to print the
memorial of John L. Hayes and others, reported
; against printing the same; which was concurred in,
j Also, fiom the Committee on Pensions, to
| which was referred the memorial of Major D. Le
' Lamogne, asked to be dischaiged from the fur-
j ther consideration of the same, and that it be re-
j ferred to the Committee on Revolutionary Claims;
l which was agreed to.
j THE CENSUS BILL.
| Mr. DAVIS, of Massachusetts. The select
committee upon the census have instructed me to
report back the bill of the Senate, which was re-
ence to the Committee on the Judiciary, and I also I turned from the House of Representatives with
give notice that I shall to-morrow, or some subse- ' ' ...
quent day, introduce a bill to carry out the views
of the memorialists.
I wish, however, in justice to myself and to one
individual, to say, that the remarks which I have
made in no sense whatever apply to the venerable
Chief Justice Cranch. He is held in high esti-
mation by the citizens of the District, and by all
who know him; and these memorialists ask Con-
gress m the reorganization of the judiciary to
make provision for him.
The memorial was referred to the Committee on
the Judiciary.
Mr. FOOTE presented a memorial of citizens
of Washington county, m the District of Colum-
bia, asking a reorganization of the Judiciary of :
the District of Columbia; which was referred to
the Committee on the Judiciary.
Mr. CORWIN presented a memorial of citizens
of Washington county, in the District of Colum-
bia, setting forth that the trial by jury is practi-
cally abolished by the Associate Judges that now
compose the circuit court, and that fi'om the pres-
ent old and infirm system of laws, and other
causes, it has become expedient to reorganize,
new model, and improve our judicial institutions;
that they submit the details to the wisdom of Con-
gress, trusting that whatever changes may be
various amendments, some of which the commit-
tee recommend agreement to, and to others disa-
greement.
I wish now simply to state that the committee,
thinking that this was a measure which ou^ht to
be acted upon immediately, proposed that I should
move the Senate to take it up to-day, as soon as
the report was made, in order that it might be
acted upon at once. But, sir, I perccive, upon
coming into the Semite, that it is understood that
the Senator from Kentucky, [Mr. Clay,] will ad-
dress the Senate upon this occasion, and believ-
ing that the committee would be unwilling to
frustrate his arrangements, or to disappoint the
audience, I will venture to presume that the com-
mittee would, if the matter was la d before them,
make a different disposition of it. I will ask,
theiefoie, that the bill be made the special order
of the day for to-monovv at half past 12 o'clock, m
order that it may be acted upon immediately.
While up, I will make one more remark. The
amendments to v. hich I have referred relate prin-
cipally to different poitions of the bill. The House
of Representatives, however, have added several
sections to the bill that are of an important char-
acter, and which go, sir, to dispose of the Federal
representation by a permanent law. They pro-
pose that the number of representatives in the
