986
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
tingent fund of the Senate. They have performed
a duty at the instance of the Senate, not by di-
rection of Congress. They have performed a duty
under a resolution of the Senate, not under a law.
They have done that which their official duties did
not demand from them, at the request, under the
authority, by the direction, and for the benefit of
the Senate. Now 1 think that it was for pur-
poses like this that the contingent fund is intended.
It is intended for paying precisely demands of this
character, for services rendered under the order of
the Senate, for the benefit of the Senate, and there-
fore to be paid for by the Senate. [ am taking up
more time on this subject than 1 should otherwise
do, because I wish to call attention to what I think
a mistaken view of ti:e subject. If the view of
the Senator from New Hampshire [Mr. Hale] be
correct, then if the Senate calls upon anybody to
perform services for them, the Senate cannot pay
for these services without the consent of the House
of Representatives, and we shall be placed in this
attitude; we shall be asking and directing the per-
formance of services for us when we shall have to
obtain the assent of the House of Representatives
to pay for what has been done at our instance. 1
cannot acknowledge such a principle. If.the Sen-
ate call upon persons to discharge duties, the Senate
ought to pay for the performance of those duties,
as a Senate, and out of the fund which is subject
to the control of the Senate. We ought not to put
ourselves in the attitude of being obliged to ask
the House of Representatives to allow us to dis-
charge an honest debt which has been contracted
by ourselves.
Mr. WHITCOMB. I am in favor of the
smallest sum proposed, if anything should be
paid at all. I do not regard this so much in the
light of extra service as some gentlemen seem to do.
Nothing is more common, sir, than to pass a bill
referring accounts to the accounting officers, to be
setrled by them according to the principles ofequity;
1 have never heard, when we have shuffled
off business in that shape, that it was to be con-
sidered as laying the foundation of a claim on their
part for extra compensation. I am willing, how-
ever, in this case to grant these parties the $100 per
month, which would make iheir compensation, in
addition to their original salaries, rising 410 per
day. I think that to vote them §1,000, as asked—
which would amount to about §3,000 per annum
extra pay, if they were employed in this way
during the whole year—is going too far for service
not or cupping: the whole of the day, but a very
brief time afier their regular office hour" of work
are over. For this reason I shall vote for the
smallest sum.
Mr. DODGE, of Iowa. " The laborer is wor-
thy of his hire. I know something of the Jabor
that these gentlemen have performed. I was very
frequently at their office during the time they were
at work, and 1 think that the allowance provided
for by the amendment reported from the Commit-
tee of Claims is not sufficient. I will go for the
sum mentioned in the amendment of the Gentle-
man from Virginia, [Mr. Hunter,] because11 be-
lieve it is due to the gentlemen for work and labor
done.
Mr. FOOTE. I rise to state that, from uhat I
Know of the laborious nature of the labors of these
gentlemen, I have been convinced that the com-
pensation proposed in the resolution was not at all
too much; I think §1,500 would be a very small
allowance. J 1
Mr. HALE. I do not understand the remark
ofthe Senator from North Carolina, [Mr. Badger,!
when he says that this was a service done for the
beuale. I supposed that it was a claim upon the
Government of the United States.
Mr. HUiNTER. If the Senator from New
Hampshire will allow me I will explain the mat-
ter.
Mr. HALE yielded the floor.
Mr. HUiNTER. This work was done by or-
der of the Senate, on motion of a member of the
Committee of Claims. On his motion a particular
Claim was referred to these gentlemen, because it
was found to be so large and voluminous that no
committee could devote time enough to it. That is
the reason why it is proposed to pay it out of the
contingent fund of the Senate.
Mi. HALE. It is a claim upon the Govern-
ment of the United Slates; and the Senate, as one
of the branches of the National Legislature, hav-
ng supervisory power over these claims, directed
this investigation to be made for their own satis-
faction, not as a Senate, but as a part of the Na-
tional Legislature, to make the appropriation to
pay the claim. I cannot see any difference be-
tween that case and the case suggested by the
Senator from Indiana, [Mr. Whitcomb,] where
claims coming up every day are refened to the
appropriate officers to be investigated. If every
time there is a large amount involved or a great
many papers to be examined, these officers come
here with demands for extra compensation, where
would it end ? We have heard a good deal of the
" Galphin claim," seventy years of age; I sup-
pose the parties investigating that will come here
for compensation next. [Laughter.] In all the
cases of claims referred to the various departments,
demands will be made here for extra compensa-
tion by the officeis investigating them. What
are the auditors of the Treasury Department there
for, except to audit and investigate claims against
the Government? 1 understand, sir, that it is a
part of iheir appropriate, legitimate, regular duty,
coming directly within the proper and appropriate
sphere of their duty. I do not see how the line
can be drawn hy which it can be said, here is a
duty which comes within the $3,000 per annum,
and here is a duty which comcs without the|3,000
per annum, and we demand extra compensation
lor it. Sir, this is a dangerous precedent; and it
is doubly dangerous when we undertake to pay,
as in this case, out of the contingent fund of the
Senate. The Senate has no more interest in this
case than the Supreme Court, the Executive, or
the House of Representatives. The Senate, as a
branch of the National Legislature, deemed this
information necessary to the proper discbarge of
their duty, and they referred it to the officers who,
in their judgment, they thought the most appro-
priate for this investigation. These officers have
investigated, and it seems to me wrong in princi-
ple, and dangerous as a precedent, to undertake to
give them extra pay out of the contingent fund of
the Senate.
The question was then taken on Mr. Hunter's
amendment; which was negatived.
Mr. HALE moved to lay the resolution on the
table, and asked for the yeas and nays.
The yeas and nays not being ordered, the ques-
tion was then taken on the amendment reported
at Committee of Claims; which was carried.
Mr. WALKER moved to amend the resolution
by striking out the words " contingent fund of the
senate, and inserting in Jieu thereof, " the Trea- i
sury of the United States." I
T^r' It is not a joint resolution. !
Mr, WALKER. If it be the sense of the Sen- :
ate to adopt the amendment, then it will of course j
be the sense of the Senate to convert the resolu- 1
tion into a joint resolution. !
WOOD. If the gentleman from ■
Wisconsin desires to rrake any remarks on hjs !
amendment, 1 hope he will allow the n.atter to he !
over till to-morrow. j
Several Senators. Yes, let it lie over. 1
On motion by Mr. UNDERWOOD, the reso-
lution was then laid on the table.
bill on leave.
Mr. DICKTNSON,in pursuance of notice, asked
and obtained leave to introduce a bill authorizing
the coinage of a cent piece composed of silver and
copper, the coinage of a three cent piece, and to
secure the recoinage of the smali Spanish and
other foreign coins; which was read a first and
second time by as title and referred to the Com-
mittee on Finance, and ordered to be printed.
NOTICES OF BILLS.
Mr. BORLAND gave notice that he would to-
mP!7,°f > some early day, ask leave to introduce
WALKER gave notice of his intention to
3?l,eaV7Vnkrodu.<* a blil 10 reorganize the Ju-
diciaiy of the District of Columbia.
THE DEFICIENCY BILL.
A message was received from the House of
Representatives, by Mr. Young, their Clerk, sta-
ting that the House had concurred in the Senate's
amendments ,n the bill to supply deficiencies in
the appropriations for the service ofthe fiscal
year ending June 30th, 1850, with amendments.
On motion by Mr. DICKINSON, the amend-
ments were referred to the Committee on Finance
May 14,
REPORT OF THE COMMITTEE OFTHIIITEEN.
On motion of Mr. CLAY, the Senate then pro-
ceeded to the consideration of the special order of
the day, being the bill reported from the Commit-
tee of Thirteen for the admission of the Stale of
California, the establishment of Teriitonal Gov-
ernmer.ts for Utah and New Mexico, and making
proposals to Texas for the settlement of her west-
ern and northwestern boundary.
Mr. CLAY addressed the Seriate two hours and
a half on the subject, of which a revised report
will be found in the Appendix.
When Mr. C. concluded,
On motion of Mr. HALE, the Senate adjourned.
HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES.
Tuesday, May 14, 1850.
The Journal of yesterday was read and approved.
Raritan bay.
Mr. NEWELL asked the unanimous consent
of the House to offer the following resolution,
which was read for information:
Resolved, That the Committee on Commerce he instructed
to inquire into tlit expediency of making an appropriation
Point, m
The resolution having been read, and no objec-
tion having been made—
The resolution was introduced, and, without a
division, was adopted.
The SPEAKER stated, that the business first
m order would be the motion made last evening
by the gentleman from Mississippi, [Mr. Feath-
erston,] and pending at the time of adjournment,
that the House resolve itself into Committee of
the Whole on the state of the Union.
The question was taken, and decided in the
negative, without a division.
i House refused to go into Committee of
the Whole on the state of the Union.
debate ON the california message.
Mr. STANLY rose, he said, to offer a resolu-
tion, m the usual terms, providing that the debate
m Committee of the Whole on the state of the
Union, on the special message of the President
transmitting the constitution of California, should
terminate on the twenty-second day of the present
month. ' r
Mr. S. was understood to say, that he had no
objection to the substitution of any other day
which might be acceptable to the House. All he
desired was, that some time should be designated
A brief conversation followed, but there was
so much confusion in the Hall, that nothing could
be heard with accuracy. However  °
Mr. PRESTON KING was understood to su°--
gest, that the day designated by the resolution
would interfere with the reports heretofore made
from the Committee on Elections, in relation to
the admission of Delegates from Deseret and New
Mexico, which reports had been made the special
order for the 22d instant.
Mr McLANE, of Maryland, (scarcely heard)
was understood to say, that for his own part lie
was willing to vote to terminate the debate at anv
time which might be acceptable to the House; but
that (in view of other special orders which' had
been made) he would suggest to the gentleman
from North Carolina [Vtr. Stanly] to substitute
the first Tuesday in June, for the day designated
in the resolution. °
Mr, STANLY had no objection, he said.
The resolution was modified accordingly.
Mr. CALDWELL, of North Carolina, moved
that the resolution be laid on the table, and asked
the yeas and nays; which were onleied.
Mr. KAUFMAN called for the reading of the
resolution; which was read, as follows;
Resolretl, That nil debate in tin Committee of the Whole
on the -tjUK yl the Cmon on llie nie^.ije nl Hie PreMd.nl of
th« CniJffi >ratt's5 Hie eoiK-htiiiMfn <ii ('ihinr
ma,-lull cea-e at one o\ lurk on the lii-l Tm-sdav in June
next, (I, the committee -Hall not sooner . ome |„ a ,
«noti U[mn the .-ame .) and lie; committee shall then proceed
to vote on such aineiidim nts as may l,e pernio,- or ofierert
to the same, and -hall then leport itto the lion-.,1" wnli |,
amendments as may Have he, „ agreed ,)y
Mr. JONES rose to make an inquiiy of the
Speaker in relation to the form of the resolution
Ihe inquiry was not heard; but its purport will
be evident from the reply ofthe Speaker
T^e SPEAKER said he would statei in reply
to the interrogatory of the gentleman from Ten-
nessee, [Mr. Jones,] that the blanks in the resolu-
