990
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
May 14,
modes which are proposed for paying those who
take the census. They based their estimate upon
the square miles. They considered this matter
very maturely when they had before them the
original bill, and they reached the conclusion that
there was no inherent difficulty at ait, in almost
all places. I think they could find none, in which
there was any substantial difficulty in finding the
number of square miles. But they suppose that if
either mode of payment were adopted, it would
be indispensably necessary to ascertain the num-
ber of square miles. It becomes necessary, also,
in many instances, and is very desirable in all,
that the number ^hould be fixed, and put into the
commission of the person who is toassist in taking
the census, before he commences his work, so j
that he might understand the amount of work re- '
quired, and the compensation might be so far
finally settled. I do not apprehend it will take jj
such an amount of time that it will operate against jj
it in any considerable degree, though I am free to
confess that dispatch is quite necessary. But if J
the Senate adheres to its mode of payment, it is 1
indispensable that it should adhere to this amend- j
ment.
Mr. UNDERWOOD. In all former census
bills, the compensation h^s been made by uniting
the number of square miles with the amount of
population on each square mile. You will find that
in every case it has been necessary to refer to the !
number of square miles; and if either mode of'
compensation is adopted, that proposed by the
Senate or that proposed by the House, it will be
equally necessary to ascertain the number of
square miles. The difference is only this: if you
agree to the Senate's bill, you ascertain the num-
ber of square miles and put that number in the
marshal's commission at the time he receives it.
The consequence will be, there will be no alterca-
tion when the work is done between the Govern- I
ment and the marshal, or the marshal and the as- i
sistant marshal. This must be so as a general i
rule; because if it is known how many square miles ;
there are in hi* disiricf, his report will then show 1
the number of persons to the square mile, and ,
then, with regard to the business of compensation,
I think there can be no altercation. For that rea-
son, the Senate's committee thought it was best
beforehand to fix the number of square miles in
the commission, if you strike it out, and do not j
have it done beforehand, you will ha.*e it to do af- j
terwards. The difficulty which the Senator from :
Maryland sus^ests is one in relation to time, and .
merely in re/ation to time. If it can be done be-
fore the marshals commence the performance of
their duties it will be best to have it done; but if
it cannot be done till afterwards, why, of neces-
sity, it must be postponed, and the whole question ••
is reduced to the practicability of doing it before
they commence ihe performance of their duty. 1
will inform th*1 Senator from Maryland that in a
former census bill all this matter has been done
once already. In 1810 almost every county m
every State had the number of square miles con- ,
tained in it estimated, for the purpose of settling
the amount of comnensation. If the marshals are
governed by what has heretofore been done, they '
will have no difficulty in settling the number of
square miles. I suppose that but a few changes ;
would need to be made, and if they make any,
time will enable them to decide how far they are
necessary. The rate being fixed in 1810, it will !
not alter the mode proposed by the Senate or that
proposed by the House at all, whether you agree
to or reject this amendment.
Mr. DAWSON, (m his seat.) How was the
number of square miles ascertained in 1810?
Mr. UNDERWOOD. I am asked how the
number of square miles was ascertained in 1810?
1 really cannot answer the question. 1 suppose
they were ascertained by reports from the different
counties made by the marshals. All that 1 can
say is, that I have ascertained by investigation
that this thing of reporting the square miles gave
rise to almost endless difficulties in fixing the com-
pensation of the marshals. There was some mat-
ter connected with it having reference to the circuit
or distiict judges. If I recollect right, arid i fol-
low my recollection entirely, there were almost
endless difficulties connected with it. The object
now is to get rid of those difficulties beforehand,
which sprung up in 1810. We/e it not for the
aid given by what was done in 1810, i can readily
see that n.here would be a foundation for the
remarks made by the Senator from Maryland. If , f ferred. The objection does not lie exactly there to
the marshals had to take it all up from the begin- '< this section. TVis is a redraught in all its main
ning, and for the first time, and fix the square |i features, after it was attached to the fifth section of
miles in each district, it might take more time than ;i the bill. It, however, makes a difference in its
is to elapse between this and the first of June; but j! provisions. The original bill provides that there-
with the aid of what has been done heretofore, I j turns when made shall be examined, and, if any
suppose it practicable for the marshal to do it. errors exist, they shall be corrected by the mar-
* «. 1 shal. This amendment provides, that if any dis-
crepancies shall be detected, the marshal shall
require the same to be corrected. I think the best
way is, that errors of any sort, when detected,
should be corrected. Then the original bill pro-
vides that the returns shall be made to the head of
a department, to the Secretary of the lnteilor.
This provides that the return shall be made to the
superintendent of the census. They provide after-
wards for the appointment of a clerk, to be called
the superintendent of the census. It seems to me
there is an obvious propriety m returning to the
head of the department. Then there is this differ-
ence: by another arrangement, which is made m
the bill, it is proposed that those who take the cen-
sus shall deposit with the county court one of the
At all events, I would prefer to adhere to the Sen
ate's bill at present. If the House disagree, and :
a committee of conference should spring out of it, j
if necessary, when the matter has been more |
maturely considered, it can be altered so as to con- S
form to the suggestion of the Senator from Mary- !
land. :
Mr. DAVIS, of Massachusetts. I think the ;
provision contained in the bill as amended by the ;
House, removes an objection which hitherto ex- j
isted; and I hope the Senate will concur in that ;
amendment. |
The question was then taken on the amend- ]
ments, and they were agreed to. i
Sec. 5 provides that each marshal shall season-
ably supply each assistant with the instructions ■
issued by the Department of the Interior, the !j copies. The original bill requires that the marshal
blanks provided for the enumeration of the popu- j: shall reexamine all the copies. I take it that the
lation and the collection of other statistics, and !; amendment does not propose that the marshal shall
give to him from time to time all such information \\ reexamine these at all—that he shall reexamine
and directions as may be necessary to enable him |. all the copies, and shall transmit to the Secretary
to discharge his duty; [and when such assistants j' of the Interior one copy, and shall deposit one in
j shall have completed their labors, said marshals a court of record in the county where his division
by whom they are respectively appointed, shall i
examine the returns, and cause all errors to be cor- !
rected, and all omissions, if any, to be supplied; >
and after such corrections are made, one complete
is, and shall deposit another among the records
of the State in which the subdivision is, and that
these two last shall be bound, if it can be conve-
niently done. The proposition of the House omits
copy thereof shall be transmitted to the Secretary ,| the binding, and makes the return to the superin-
tendent of the census instead of the Secretary of
the Interior, and it delivers, or causes the assistant
to deliver, one of his copies to the county court.
That is the expression, I think, which i<? contained
in the bill. The honorable member of the com-
mittee from Carolina said, we have no county
courts in Carolina; and this is known to be the
case in many other parts of the United States.
The requirement of the original bill is, that it shall
be placed in a court of record in the county. On
the whole, the committee thought that though they
had no particular attachment 10 the phraseology of
the original bill, yet that it answered the purpose
better than the one proposed by the House, and
therefore they propose to reject the amendment.
Mr. DAVIS, of Mississippi. I think the amend-
ment of the House of Representatives avoids a
very great difficulty—that of requiring the mar-
shal to examine the returns of his assistant in
each district. 1 think the marshal will bfi altogether
unable to correct any errors other than discrepan-
cies, and the amendment of the House properly
confines him to the correction of discrepancies.
Errors may creep into the returns of the assistant
marshals, but they can only be corrected in the
county for which they were made. By depositing
the original, therefore, in an office of record in that
county, it will enable such corrections to be made
as will be called for in the only place where such
corrections can be properly made. If two copies,
then, are made, the marshals will have only to
look over them, to see whether the assistant has
complied with the forms. He may then send one
copy to the office of the Secretary of the State,
without binding, and thus save thej expense of
binding, and send the other, without the delay
which would result from the binding, to the Su-
perintendent of the Census, or to the Secretary of
the Interior, I care not which. If the marshal has
to go into an examination of the returns of the
assistant marshals, I think it is not too much to
say that in the large States two years will elap.-e
0 , before the marshal will be enabled to convct them
I submit, then, whether it is not best, under the ! all, and transmit them to the Depai tment of the
circumstances, to agiee to the proposition of the Interior.
of the Interior, and after the other two copies
herein provided for are arranged and bound at the |
expense of the United States, when it can be con- !
venintly done, one copy thereof shall be deposited .
with a court of record in the county where the
subdivision to which it relates is, and the other
shall be delivered to the Secretary of State for the ,
State wherein the marshal's district is, to be kept ;
among the archives* of the State.] i
The House had amended this section by stri- !
king out the words in brackets, and inserting the i
following, in which the Senate committee recom- ;
mend a non-concurrence: 1
Ci He shall carefully examine whether the returns of each '
assistant martial be made in conformity with the terms of !
this act, and where discrepancies are detected, r"quue Ihe i
same to be corrected. He shall dispose ol the two sets of i
the return? required fioni the assi&iant ma^hals as herein- !
after provided h>r, as follows: one he ?h;ilJ transmit ,
forthwith t'  the Secretary ol the interi'>r, and the other copy
i thereof he shall iran-mit to the orik*-' of the rfecretar\ ol the .
State or i'erntory to which In* district belongs, lie shall
, classify and determine the rate or compensation to he paid
j to each a^isiant marsh;)! according to the provisions of this
, act, subject to the final approval of the Seeretaiy of the In-
terior. He siiail from inn ^ to tune make himself acquainted
■ with the proiiif*. made by each a.-sMAnt maishal in the
discharge ot his duties; and in ease of inability or neglect,
, arising from sickness or otherwise, appoint a substitute." :
Mr. DAWSON. I submit to the committee !
; whether it be not prudent at this time to agree to |
, the amendment made by the House of Represent-
' atives? The proposition is to strike out that part
of the fifth section which requires the marshal to ■
cause to be copied a condensed report of the census
, statistics, and to have one copy left with the clerk
of the county court in each county, and one with
the Secretary of State of the State in which the
marshal resides, and to have them bound. The
expense of copying would be a heavy amount,
and as I said on a former occasion, in such a ,
State as New York, the number of pases would be
immense, and to copy them three times will be an
extraordinary labor indeed- It is now so late that I
[ there will scarcely be Ume to have it done and re- :
turned here before the next meeting of Congress.
House of Representatives ?
Mr. DAVIS, of Massachusetts. In reply to the
remarks of the. Senator from Georgia, I will state
that i do not understand that there is any differ-
ence in the number of copies proposed by the House
of Representatives. Three copies are embraced m
the original bill; the original, and two copies be-
sides. I suppose the practical result will be the
same in either case; for three copies are provided
for by the amendment of the House, and three
copies are also provided for m the original bill by
the Senate. I understand the provisions to be co-
incident in that particular, except in respect to
Mr. DAVIS, of Massachusetts. The^e return*
are worthy of ali the guards and protection we
can throw around them. Our object has been to
render them as reliable as possible. For that end
it is required that the marshal shall look them
over, and detect all the errors, if possible, and thus
he might detect some eriois which hp only could
correct. We supposed that if these record • were
deposited m the courts of record, and unions the
archives of the several States, to be preserved
there, there was some propriety in having them
bound. These are not very material questions,
and I do not wish to occupy the time of the Sen-
■ • i- , . . • i , . . ' ~t ~ * u*-> uwt w 3u IU uu u iv ma uuic in or 11*
binding, to whieh the honorable gentleman has re- h ate. We looked the whole matwr through, nnrf
