992
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
May 14.
you come to carry it out you will ascertain that it
is as nearly right as we can get it in a bill. We
must adopt general principles in legislation, or we
cannot progress at all; and yet it is difficult to estab-
Jish any general principle, which will not work
unequally somewhere or other. Take, for in-
stance, a sheriff elected for one of your counties—
a large county if you please—and then take a sheriff
elected for a town or small district, and when you
come to tax their bills they are allowed the same
costs. These are inequalities that will arise out
of the establishment of any general principle. My
own opinion is, therefore, that it will be the better
course to adopt the amendments recommended by
the House of Representatives, which are in con-
formity to all the laws which have been passed
since the foundation of the Government and the
adoption of the Constitution; and if hereafter it is
found that we can get a practical statement of facts
from the marshals and assistant marshals, we can
then establish a system that will be more correct.
But we have not as yet, I think, gentlemen in
every county who are capable of understanding all
thesa things so well as may be necessary.
Bui, to avoid these inconveniences, it is said that
these returns will be brought back to the Secretary
of the Interior; that every county in the United
States will have calculated for it the number of
square miles, and the number of houses in it.
Then, if this be so, it will require a clerk in that
department to make a calculation of the number
of square miles in each of the counties; and only
consider the length of time and the amount of la-
bor which will have to be expended in such a
work. Theie might be a calculation made for
every marshal's district, if there be three in a
county, or there might be a calculation for every
twenty thousand of the population. But y. would
be a very great additional work, and might tend to
produce much confusion. 1 ihink, Mr. President,
that we had better adopt the bill as it is, and leave
this question of ascertaining the population by the
square root until another ten years roil round. By
that time I have no doubt that the subject will be
thoroughly understood.
Mr. UNDERWOOD. I just wish to call the
attention ol the country, as my friend from Geor-
gia refers me to that tribunal, to the inaptness of
the Congress of the United States to comprehend
a plain matter of calculation. My friend seems to
suppose that it will take ten years for the lawgivers
of the land to comprehend this 
Mr. DAWSON. No, no; I said the people.
Mr. DJYDkRWOOD. Well, ihen, my friend
says he does not mean that members of Congress !
cannot ascertain this matter of calculation short of
ten years, but that the people cannot. Then, Mr,
if 1 understand the suggestion of the honorable
Senator Irom Georgia, it is that members of Con-
giet-s comprehend ihis thing thoroughly as 1 have
explained it; they see plainly what nobody can
deny; but they have not the moral firmness to say :
to the country, under the conviction which flashes ;
on their minds, "We have not the firmness to
make the change, or we doubt the capacity of the i!
-people to comprehend it; and therefore we will j
leave the matter with you for ten years, that you '
may study upon it." ::
Now, I am not willing to stultify my constitu-
ems in that way. 1 believe that they have the !;
capacity to see at once that there is a radical error
in this matter; that there is a wrong, an obvious i
and palpable wrong to be remedied. Now, how ■ '
does my friend f.om Georgia get out of it? Does
he deny a^solitary tact? I have the thing from the
interior Department. Here are the facts; the !
squaie miles which you will fir.d m every school
atlas in the courilry, and here aie the sums which
you actually pay. Now, sir, to ascertain what !
you pay |)h head is a simple question of division, ,
and 1 apprehend that there is riot a schoolboy but !|
will be aule to work that sum out. You have notli- ;
ing to do but to take the sum paid to the marshals
and assistants in each Slate and divide it by the pop-
ulation, and that will give you the result for each.
Ilere are facts which are not gainsayed, showing
that ihe marshal in Massachuseus receives two and
a h&lf cents per head, while io Suu;h Carolina he !
gels six cents per head for performing the same '
sort of service. And here is the marshal of Alaba- '
ma, with more people and moie temtory than the ;
State of Mississippi, getting only thieeand a third
cents per head, while the marshal of the latter1!
named State receives six cents and two-thirds per ij
head—-just double the amount received by the mar-
shal of Alabama for performing; similar service in a
State right alongside of Mississippi, and the mar-
;f shal of Mississippi having a great deal less to do
than the marshal of Alabama. Nobody denies the
fact; nobody denies the figures; but the thing is, we
are afraid of making the change; we either have not
the moral firmness to do it, or we excuse ourselves
on the ground that the people do not understand
it, and wiit condemn our conduct. I have no such
fears myself. Well, then, how does the gentle-
man illustrate his objection ? He appeals lo the
case of sheriffs serving processes, &c. in refer-
ence to our federal courts, we have a system of
mileage which is allowed, together with the cost
of the service of the process when you reach the
individual upon whom it is to be served. In regard
! to collecting debts in which sheriffs and other offi-
cers are employed, this kind of difference often
arises, and there is but little trouble; but we know
that our executive officers in counties are con-
stantly passing from one end of a county to the
other upon a variety of service which they neces-
1 sanly have to perform; and hence there is not the
;| same necessity for making allowances for trouble
![ in their case, especially where the districts are
ij small, as where you go upon a system where labor
|J is consumed both in making the enumeration and
ij in traveling, both of which you can easily ascer-
ji tain.
|j Mr. DAVIS, of Massachusetts. I think the
;• gentleman from Georgia labors under some mis-
jj apprehension in regard to the difficulty arising out
j; of this proposition, owing to the labor of ascer-
j| taming the number of square miles, and hence he
favors the amendment proposed by the House of
Representatives. I think 1 can show that, by re-
ferring to the original bill of the Senate, and the
amendment proposed by the House of Represent-
atives. The amendment reads thus:
"For every hundred inhabitants enumerated and de-
scribed, each assistant shall receive in all mcorpoiate.d vil-
lages, towns, and citie,«, containing more ilian live thousand
inhabitants, $L 25; in all subdivisions not included in such
villages, town?, or cities, containing on an average more
than seventy -five inhabitants to the square mile, $1 75 lor
each hundied ; in subdivisions containing less iharivseventv-
five, and more than fif y inhabitants to the square mife,
§2 25 loi each hundred; in -ubdivisious containing less tuau
tifty, and moie than twenty-five inhabitants to tlie square
mile, §2 50 tor each hundred; in subdivisions containing
less than twenty-five and more than ten inhabitants to
the square mile, $3 50 for each hundred; in subdivisions
Containing less than ten and more than five inhabitants
to the square mile, §4 50 for each hundied : and m su! di-
visions containing Jess than five inhabitant- lo the square
inilp, such compensation as the Secretary of the interior
' ! shall allow
j Thus you see the compensation to be allowed
i is founded on the number of population on the
, square mile everywhere, except in eases whete ,
: there are not five inhabitants to the square mile.
; This amendment is necessary to cairy out the '
^ bill. The question is, whether the Senate will 1
I adopt the mode of ascertaining the compensation
to be paid to the marshals " by multiplying the
' square root of the number of dwelling-houses :
* in the division by the square root of the number 1
' of square miles.in each division," or whether
you wiil adopt the mode recommended by the
House of Representatives.
The question was then taken on concurring in ;
the amendment, and it was not agreed to. :
Mr. DAWSON, The amendment is evidently
not carried, and so the square root remains. ,
[Laughter.]
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The next ques- \
tion is on the amendment proposed to the six-
teenth section. The amendment is to strikeout',
the words " to hi3own use," and insert the words 1
M to the use of the United States." j|
The amendment was concurred in. '!
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The next':
amendment is, to strike out ali after the words ,
" enfoiced" in the second line of the 17th section, '
and insert the woids,
« In the cnuits.of the United States within the Stales or
Ten itories whf-re such offence shall have been committed or '
forfeiture incurred, «,r b< fote the judicial tribunals of anv
such feiate or Territories."
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The commiitee '
recommend that this amendment be concurred in '
by the Senate.
The quet-tion was then taken on concurring in
the amendment, and it was agieed to.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The next
>i amendment is, to add to the end of the 18th sec-
! tion the following:
i;, " Which shall pa-<3 free ; and the sum or$12,000 is hereby
i appropuated, out of any mone> in the Treasury not oiher-
] wise appropriated, tor the purpose of covering the expense
■ of trauMiuiiins the blank* and other matter through the
; mail, to be paid lo the l'o  tOHice Department."
ij The committee have also recommended that this
: amendment be concurred in by the Senate.
j The question being taken on the amendment, it
t was concurred in.
j! The PRESIDING OFFICER. The next
amendment is, in the 20th section, to strike out the
I words (in lines one and two) "as by law it i3
made the duty of," and also the words u to super-
intend the census he/' and in line third, the word
.! also;" and in the fourth line, the words " espe-
, cially to that end." Also, to strike out the pro-
I, viso at the end of the same section, and insert the
following:
" And to enable him the better to discharge these dune-*,
he is hereby authorized and required to appoint a suitable
, and competent person as superintending clerk, who shall,
, under his direction, have the general management of mat-
i ters appertaining thereto, with ihe privilege ol franking and
, receiving, free of charge, all official documents'and letters
• I connected therewith ; and the said secretary shall aUo ap-
■; point such clerks and other officers as may be rifces^ary
j! from turn to time for the efficient management of said s* r-
[I vice. And the compensation to be allowed and paid to the
(• officers connected with the cen.-us office tdiall he a? follows:
I, For trie superintending clerk, >-2,oUU per annum in full lor
jj his services; arid for other a->ist mts and clerks, the cmri-
I; pen«atmn usually paid for similar service.-, to be fixed and
I. allowed by the Secretary of the Interior : Fronted, That no
;| salary to a subordinate clerk under this section, thrfll exceed
|,: the sum ot £1,00.) per annum. The blanks and pieparatory
printing for taking the census shall be prepared and exe-
! luted under the direction of the eeriMi> board; (he other
, printing hereafter to be executed as Congrts shall direct."
The committee, in their report, recommend the
| concurrence of the Senate in this amendment,
j; Mr. SEWARD. How will the section read
J now, sir ?
j, The Secretary then read the section as proposed
to be amended as follows:
Sec. 20. Jlnd be it further enacted, That the Secretary of
the Ulterior is also hereby required to carry into effect the
prnvi.-'on^ of this? act, and to provide blanks and di-iribuie
• the same among the marshals, so that the enumeration niav
' commence on the first day of June next, and be taken with
i reference to that day in e cli and every di-tuct and subdi-
I vision of dt-tnets; to draw up and di.-tiiimte at the >amc
II tune printed instructions, defining and explaining the duties
of such as collect the statistics, and the hunts' by which
:> such duties are circumscribed, in a clear and intelligible
manner; to see al^o that all due diligence is employed by
i! the marshals and assistants to make leturn ot their re^pect-
!' ive doings completed, at the times herein prescribed; and
1 furthei, as the returns aie so made, to cause the same to be
classified and arranged in the best and mo-t cruivt nient
manner for use, and lay the same, fx fore Con«ie&s at the
next session thereof: And to enable hirn the bettei to dis-
charge these duties: he is hereby authorized and inquired to
appoint a suitable arid competent person as -upennteiidmg
clerk, who shall, under )n< direction, have the general man-
ageiufnt of metiers appertaining thereto, with die ptiulege
of franking and receiving, free ol charge, all official docu-
ment- and lem rs connected therewith; and the «aid Sec re-
: tary «hall ai-o appoint such clerks and other officer- a- may
be neces-arv, from tune to time, for the effluent manage-
ment ol said .-ervice. And ihe compensation to be allowed
and paid to the officers connected vuth the Censii- office
shall he a-! follow*: For tlie superintending clerk, two
thousand five hundred dollar? p< r annum, in full for hi*
service*; and tor other a-si-tant-and clerk-, the compensa-
tion u-ually paid for similar service-, to he fixed and allowed
bj the Secretary of ihe Interior: Frondvil, That no salary
to a subordinate clerk under this section -hall exceed the
sum of one thousand dollar-per annum. The blank* and
i preparatory1 printing for taking the census '•hail be prepared
and executed under the Census. Board : Ihe ointr priming
hereafter to be executed as Congress shall direct
The question was then taken on the amendment,
and it w«s concurred in.
; The PRESIDING OFFICER. The next amend-
ment is to strike out the 21st section, and m this
amendment the committee recommend the concur-
| rence of the Senate.
i The amendment was concurred in.
j ThePRESlDIJNGOFFJCER. Thenextamend-
' ment is to strike out the 23d section. The com-
mittee have reported against the amendment of the
. House striking out this section.
The question being taken on the amendment, it
was not Agreed to
Tlie PRESI DING OFFICER. The next amend-
ment relates to the 24th section, arid ix to strike out
the tables in the Senate hill and insert the schedules
1, 2, 3, 4, 5, and 0. Th e committee repot l against
striking out.
The question being; taken on the adoption of the
amendment, and a division beni£ called Cor, there
were, for the amendment^; noes not counted. So
the amendment was not concurred in.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The question
