THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
PUBLISHED AT WASHINGTON,
BY JOHN C. RIVES.—TERMS
$3 FOR THIS SESSION.
31st Congress, 1st Session.
FRIDAY, MAY 17, 1850.
Nsw Series No. 63.
the bill. There are several sections, and the
question will be taken on the first of those sec-
tions.
The 3evera! additional sections were read by the
Secretary, as follows:
Sec. —. Jlnd be it further etuis-ted, That if no other law
be passed providing for the taking of the eighth, or any sub- i
sequent census of the United States, on or before the first j
day < f January of any y^ar, when, by the Constitution of i
the United Stales, any future enumeration of the inhabitant*
thereof is required to be taken, such census shall, in all
things, be taken and completed according to the provisions
of this act.
Sec. —. Jlnd be it further enacted, That from and after
the third day of March, one thousand eiijht hundred and
fifty-three, the House of Repre&entaMvcs shall be composed
of two hundred and thirty-three members, to be apportioned
amontr the several States in the manner directed in thenext
section of this act.
Sec. —. Jlnd be it. further enacted, That so soon as the
next and each subsequent enumeration of the inhabitants of
the several States directed by the Constitution of the United
States to be taken, shall be completed and relumed to the
office of the Department of the Interior, it shall be the duty \
ofthe Secietaryof the Interior to ascertain the aggregate
representative population of the United States, by adding
to the whole number of free persons in all the States, in-
cluding those bound to service tor a term of jears, and ex-
cluding Indians not taxed, three-fifths of all other persons;
which aggregate population he shall divide by the number
233, and the product of such division, rejecting any fraction
of a unit, if any such happen to remain, shall be the ratio
or rule of apportionment of representalives among the sev-
eral Slates under stivh enumeration; and (hesaid Secretary
of the Department ofthe interior shall then pioeeed in the
same manner to ascertain the representative population of
each State, and to divide the whole number ol the repre-
sentative population of each State by the. ratio already de-
termined by him as above directed, and the product of this
last division shall be the number of It presentafives appor-
tioned to such State under the then la-t enumeration : Pro-
vided., Thrtt the loss in the number of members caused by
the tractions remaining in the several States, on the division
of the population thereof, shall be compensated for by
assigning to so marly States having the laigest fractions one
additional member each for its fraction as may be necessary
to make the whole number ot Representatives233: Jlnd
provided aho, That if, after tiie appoi tionment of the Repre-
sentatives under the next or any subsequent census, a new
State or States shall be admitted into the Union, the Repre-
sentative or Repiesentativej, aligned to such new State or
States shall be in addition to the number of Representatives
herein above limited ; which excess of Representatives over
two hundred and thnty-three shall only continue until the
next succeeding apportionment of Representatives under the
next succeeding census.
Sec. —. Jind be it- further enacted, That when the De-
partment of the Interior shall have apportioned the Repre-
sentatives, in the manner above, directed, among the several
Stite« under the next or anv subsequent enumeration of the
inhabitants of the United Statts, he shall as soon as piacti-
cable make out and transmit, under the seal of his office, to
the House of Representatives a certificate of the number
of members apportioned to each State under the then last
enumeration ; and shall likewise make out and transmit
without delr y to the executive of each State a certificate
under his seal of office of the number of meinbeis appor-
tioned to such State, under such last enumeration.
Sec. —. */2nd be itJurther enacted, That the Secretary of
the Interior, in his instructions to the marshals, shall direct
that the statistics in regard to all other descriptions ot hemp,
not embraced in the denomination of dew and water-rotted,
shall be taken and estimated in the returns.
Amend the title of the bill by striking out all after the word
" seventh," and inserting: "and subsequent censuses of the
United States, and to fix "the number of the members of the
House of Representatives, and provide, for their future ap-
portionment among the several States."
The question waa then taken, and the first addi-
tional section was concurred in.
The question then recurred on the second addi-
tional section.
Mr. DAVIS, of Massachusetts. I am instructed,
by the committee, Mr. President, to move to
Etiike out the words " thirty-three,'' so that it
will read "two hundred" instead of " two
hundred and thirty-three." I will not £o into
that question at this moment at all, but I wish
to say that my own inclination is rather in favor
of the proposition which has been made by the
House; and, while I say this, I propose "two
hundred," having now no provision of the law in
regard to the matter. I would rather prefer the
proposition made by the House, because I have a
feeling that some deference ought to be paid to the
opinion of the House in regard to the regulation
and fixing of the numbers of its members.
Mr. HALE. I wish to ask whether, in case
the words "thirty-three" be stricken out, it will
not be in order to move that the number be two i
hundred and fifty?" I
63
The PRESIDING OFFICER. It will be in
order.
Mr. HALE. Then I move to strike out the
words " thh ty-three" with the view of inserting
the word "fifty."
Mr. SEWARD. I will inquire whether it will
not be in order after this mot'on, if it should
be lost, to move to strike out the whole number
with the view of inserting- another number.
The PRESIEffNG OFFICER. It will be in
order to move to strike out the whole number.
Mr. SEWARD. Then I shall vote against the
motion to strike out " thirty-three," with the view
of reserving the right hereafter to move to strike
out the whole number and insert another number.
Mr. UNDERWOOD. I will not detain the
Senate. I merely rise to say that the committee
thought two hundred would be better for legisla-
tive purposes than a larger number; and I wish to
state that the bill provides that where the fraction
exceeds the ratio of representation, there shall be
a representative for the fraction where they ex-
ceed a moiety of the ratio. And if you retain in
the bill the number " two hundred," there will be,
in consequence of these fractions, a larger repre-
sentation, by some fifteen or twenty representa-
tives, for the representative fractions. That, and
the admission of new members for new States,
which we have a right to contemplate as by-and-
by asking for admission into the Union, have
induced the committee to recommend the reduc-
tion of the number to " two hundred."
Mr. DAVIS, of Mississippi. I rise to say, Mr.
President, that I shall vote for retaining the num-
ber agreed upon by the House of Representatives,
because I look upon this as a mere matter of opin-
ion which the next Congress may choose to set
aside; and, being a mere matter of opinion as to
what size the House of Representatives shall be,
or rather of how many members it shall be com-
posed, I hold it to be more competent for the
House of Representatives to judge on such a mat-
ter than v/e can be. I therefore intend to vote for
their recommendation.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The question
is on the amendment proposed by the committee
to the amendment of the House of Representa-
tives; that is, to strike out the words 4 i thirty-
three. "
The yeas and nays having been demanded and
ordered, there were for the amendment as follows:
YEAS—Messrs. Atchison,Badger, Bell, Berrien, Borland,
Brislit, Dawson, Eimorp, Huntpr, Manuuin, Morton, Sebas-
tian, Shields, Underwood, Wales, Whitcomb, and Yulee
—17.
NAYS-Messrs. Baldwin, Bradbury, Cha<e, OJnrke, Clay,
Davis of Massachusetts, Davis of Mississippi, Dnjton, Dick-
inson. Dodge of Wisconsin, Douglas, Downs, Foote, Hale,
Houston, Jonej-, King, Miller, Norns, Pratt. Rusk, Seward,
Smith, Soule, Spruance, Sturgeon, and Walker—27,
So the amendment of the committee was not
agreed to.
The question then recurred on the amendment
of the House.
Mr. CHASE. I admit that there is some force i
| in the suegestion made by the Senator from Mis- ;
■ sissippi, [Mr. Davis,] that some deference is to I
| be paid to the number which the House has fixed I
i for itself; but, at the same time, it seems to me )
i that this body, when called upon to concur in the 1
i views of the House, has a judgment of its, own ■
! to exercise. I am very cleariy of opinion that i
the interests of the whole community are best at- ;
tended to when the number of Representatives is
large. I prefer, therefore, a larger number. I
think that in a House of a larger number not only
would every interest of the community be repre-
sented, but influences of every kind would be bet-
ter avoided. Not expecting, however, by any
remarks that I could make to change the minds of
any Senators, and concluding that every Senator's
mind is already made up, i will move to strike out i
"233,"and insert "300;" and on that motion I ask
the yeas and nays.
The yeas and nays being taken, resulted as fol-
lows :
YEAS—Messrs. Baldwin, Chase, Clay, Dickinson, Dodge
of Wisconsin, Dodge of Iowa, Hale, Seward, and Smith—9.
NAYS—Messrs. Atchison, Badger, Bell, Berrien, Bor-
land, Bradbury, Bright, Clarke, Corwin, Davis of Massachu-
setts, Davis of Mississippi, Dawson, Dayton, Douglas,
Downs, Elmore, Foote, Greene, Houston, Hunter, Jonps,
King, Mangum, Miller, Morton, Norris. Pratt, Busk, Se-
bastian, Shields, Soul6, Sprtiance, Sturgeon, Underwood,
Wales, Walker, Whitcomb, and Yulee—38.
So the amendment was lost.
Mr. HALE. I have one more amendment to
propose, in the hope that it may commend itself
to the favor of the Senate, and that is to strike out
" 33," and insert "50," so as to make the number
250.
1 will not occupy the attention of the Senate
more than two minutes. I believe a measure like
this to be popular with the people. The people
demand larger representation. 1 will relate to the
Senate an anecdote connected with the proceed-
ings of the Convention that framed the Constitu-
tion in regard to this matter of representation. It
is historically true that, when the Convention
closed its labors, the ratio of representation under
the Constitution had been fixed at one representa-
tive for forty thousand inhabitants. The President
of that Convention, George Washington, rose,
and, departing from the usual course of presiding
officers, stated that he believed that a larger repre-
sentation than had been given would be more ac-
ceptable to the people of the United States; and
after the lahnrs of the Convention were over, at
the suggestion of Washington, thirty thousand
was inserted instead of forty thousand. I believe,
moreover, that in those States where there is a
large representative body, it would be a most diffi-
cult thing to procure the passage of an amendment
to reduce the representation. In my own State
the popular branch numbers nearly three hundred,
and the same may be said, I believe, of the State
of Massachusetts. The people of the country
will be vastly better pleased with a House of two
hundred and fifty than with a smaller number. I
shall not detain the Senate by asking for the yeas
and nays.
Mr. DOUGLAS. I have voted against any
change in the number fixed by the House of Rep-
resentatives. I might, perhaps, have fixed a dif-
ferent number, had it been my province to have
acted on this question first; but I would suggest
whether, after the House has fixed the number
for themselves, relating to their own body, it is
not better—if that number is not very unreasona-
ble—more courteous, more appropriate, that we
should adhere to the number which they have
fixed. It relates to their own body, and if there
is any act of legislation in which we should con-
form to their wishes, it strikes me, it is the number
of persons of whiph their own body shall be com-
posed. For this reason I shall vote against any
change and against any number differing from that
prescribed by the House.
Mr. HALE. At the last census, when the ap-
portionment was to be fixed, the House of Repre-
sentatives fixed upon something like three hun-
dred as the number, preserving to each State the
number of representatives it possessed, and making
allowance for the increasing population in some
ofthe States. The Senate then had no such deli-
cacy as that which governs the Senator from Illi-
nois, [Mr. Douulas,] but reduced the number
rom three hundred to two hundred and thirty. I
! do not think it would be showing any disrespect
; to the House to adopt this amendment, nor do I
think that any more is to be yielded to the House
i upon this question than upon every question which
| comes here requiring the concurrence of both
branches of Congress.
The question being taken on Mr. Hale s
amendment, it was negatived, and the amendment
ofthe House was concurred in.
The next section adopted by the House waa
passed with slight verbal amendments.
Mr. HUNTER. I move to reconsider the vote
b^ which the following amendment from the
House has been adopted:
'' Sec. IT, line 3, strike out all after the word ' enforced,'
and insert the words "in the courts of the United States
4 within the States or Terntoiie* where such offences shall
< have been committed or forfeituie incurred, or before the
'judicial tribunals of any such State or Territories. *"
