1850.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
997
sented. No man acquainted with the facts of the
case, as they appeared in the testimony, would
believe for a moment that the House could come
to any understanding: upon the case without the
testimony should be before them. The testimony
was said to be voluminous. To a considerable
extent it was so. And that very fact was suffi-
cient to demonstrate, that the House could not act
understanding^ unless the testimony was before
it. And how was the action of the House to be
accelerated, by delay in ordering the printing of
these papers? Did the gentleman from Ohio sup-
pose, that if the report and testimony should be
presented a week hence, the testimony would be
printed more speedily than if its printing were
ordered now Or did the gentleman suppose that
it was not necessary that the papers should be
printed at all ? If the gentleman had any knowl-
edge of the case, as he (Mr. S.) was bound to
presume ?that he had, he [Mr. Schenck] would
say that it was necessary that the testimony should
be printed before the House took action on the
subject. And, by asking the House, at the earliest
day to print this testimony, the committee had
given the strongest evidence in their power, of a
desire that there should be no delay, hut that the
case should be acted upon at the earliest possible
moment.
The gentleman from Ohio assumed a tone as if
he was fully conversant with the subject before the
committee. This testimony has come from the
State of Iowa. He knew not that any others than
the members of the committee had had an oppor-
tunity of examining the testimony. If any other
gentlemen had been in the committee room, the
gentleman from Ohio was not one. No one but the
committee knew what was the character of the testi-
mony. Whenever the committee shall have made
their report the House will find that they will need
all the testimony to be spread before them. They
will find that there are six or seven issues growing
out of the case, for the understanding and correct
disposition ofjwrhich, all the testimony will be re-
quired. He was of the opinion that the commit-
tee had acted wisely in reporting the resolution
asking for the printing of this testimony.
He reminded the House that there was nothing
new in the request contained in the resolution. It
was in accordance with the ordinary practice in
cases of this description. It was the common
usage to have the evidence printed, partly for the
accommodation of the committee, partly for the
convenience of the House, and also for the pur-
pose of accelerating the proceedings. It had been
the practice to have the testimony printed before
the report was made, so that in case there should
be a minority report, as well as one from a ma-
jority , the majority might have an opportunity to
examine the whole testimony, and to hand it over
to the minority, in order that they also might in-
spect it, and prepare their report, so as to cause no
delay. If the printing should have the effect of
accelerating the proceedings in this case only two
weeks, he thought the effect would be sufficiently
beneficial to justify the adoption" of the resolution.
As to the suggestion of the gentleman from Ohio,
he had no personal objection to it.
Mr. SCHENCK (Mr. Strong yielding) said
that unless his suggestion was adopted, it was not
probable that the testimony would be printed for
months to come.
Mr. STRONG resumed. As to his individual
opinion, he had not the least objection to make to
the suggestion of the gentleman from Ohio. He
was well aware of the inconvenience which re-
sulted from the delay in the public printing. He
felt this to as great an extent as the gentleman from
Ohio had done. He had no objection to the sug-
gestion. But he believed that it was in the power
of the Committee on Printing to have this print-
ing speedily executed, without any action on the
part of the House. It was in the power of the
Printing Committee to say to the printer that he
must print this testimony as early as possible, or
before any other printing is taken in hand. He
had no objection to some such modification of the
resolution. He had, indeed, intended to go to the
Committee on Printing, and to ask that instructions
should be given to the printer to perform this work
without delay. It was not his desire to interpose
any objection to the suggestion of the gentleman
from Ohio. But he thought it was a proper case
for the Committee on Printing. If the House
thought differently, he was willing to abide by
their decision. But he did not-see that there was
any necessity for modifying the resolution at all.
He thought that the whole matter came within the
sphere and cognizance of the Committee on Print-
ing/
He moved to lay the motion to reconsider on the
table.
The question was then taken on the motion,
and decided in the affirmative.
So the motion to reconsider was laid on the table.
Mr. BOCOCK moved that the House resolve
itself into Committee of the Whole on the state of
the Union, for the further consideration of the Cal-
ifornia message.
Mr. JONES siid there was agood deal of busi-
ness on the Speaker's table; and suggested that it
be taken up.
Mr. BOCOCK acquiesced in the suggestion and
waived his motion.
On motion by Mr. JONES,
The House proceeded to the consideration of
business on the Speaker's table.
THE COASTWISE TRADE, &C.
The SPEAKER announced the first business on
the Speaker's table to be on the motion made some
time since by the gentleman from New York [Mr.
Brooks] relative to the reference of the President's
message, transmitting the correspondence between
the English Minister and the Secretary of State in
relation to the coastwise trade and duties on Brit-
ish products.
The state of the question was this: The corre-
spondence was referred in the first instance to the
Committee on Foreign Affairs; the vote by which
it was referred was, on motion of Mr. Brooks,
reconsidered; and the question recurred on the ori-
ginal motion to refer to?the Committee on Foreign
Affairs. Mr. Brooks had moved to amend this
motion by referring so much of the correspondence
as relates to the coasting trade to the Committee on
Commerce, and so much as relates to the increase
of duties on British iron and other products to
the Committee on Manufactures.
The first question was upon the amendment of
Mr. Brooks.
Mr. BROOKS spoke at length in favor of a ref-
erence of a portion of the subject to the Com-
mittee on Commerce, and of the other portion to
the Committee on Manufactures. He went at
length into a review of the reciprocity system of
Great Britain, and of her commercial policy as
illustrated by the navigation act, and by the propo-
sitions submitted by her Minister to our Govern-
ment.
At the request of Mr. Brooks, the report of
his remarks is postponed until it has been re-
vised. The remarks will appear tn the Appendix.
Mr. CALVIN then obtained the floor.
Mr. BAYLY (interposing) suggested to the
gentleman from New York, [Mr. Brooks,] the
propriety of so modifying his motion as to refer
that portion of the correspondence relating to the
tariff on British products to the Committee of
Ways and Means.
Mr. BROOKS refused to accept such modifica-
tion.
Mr. McMULLEN appealed to the gentleman
from Pennsylvania, [Mr. Calvin,] to yield the
floor, to enable him to submit a motion that the
House go into Committee of the Whole on the
state of the Union.
Mr. CALVIN (declining to yield) occupied the
floor for some time in pointing out the injurious
effects of the tariff of 1846 upon the coal and iron
interests of his State, and arguing the necessity of
increased duty to save those interests from utter
ruin. [His remarks, which have been postponed
at his request, for revision, will be found in the
Appendix.]
Mr. BAYLY addressed the Speaker, and was
recognized.
The SPEAKER stated to the gentleman from
Pennsylvania, [Mr. Calvin,] that his amendment
was not in order at this time. In fact it would not
be at all, as the President's message was not before
the House for its action.
Mr. CALVIN. The Speaker will understand,
that it is that portion of the President's message
and the correspondence which has been sent here
relating to the present tariff, which I propose shall
be referred to a select committee.
The SPEAKER. That proposition will be in
order after the motion to refer to the standing
committee shall be disposed of. But it is not in
order at this time.
Mr. BAYLY resumed the floor.
Mr. McCLERNAND suggested to the gentle-
man from Virginia—as the hour was late—that he
yield the floor to a motion to adjourn, or that the
House resolve itself into Committee of the Whole
on the state of the Union.
Mr. BAYLY. I have but a few remarks to
make, and have no purpose whatever to go into
the general debate which has sprung up here. I
desired to submit a few remarks on the subject of
the reference; but as my colleague [Mr. Haymond]
*is entitled to the floor in Committee of the Whole
on the state of the Union, on the California mes-
sage, and no doubt desires to proceed this evening,
I move that the House resolve itself into Commit-
tee of the Whole on the state of the Union. Be-
fore I submit that motion, however, I move that
the census bill be referred to the Committee on the
Judiciary.
The SPEAKER. The motion is not in order,
except by general consent.
Objection was made.
Mr. BAYLY resumed the floor, and yielded at
the request of
Mr. JONES, who said he wished to remark that
he had this morning made the motion to proceed
with the business on the Speaker's table, with the
view of gettingthe bills thereon referred to com-
mittees, and not to get up a discussion on these
subjects. As a discussion had arisen, he thought
it had better be disposed of by calling the previous
question. Let the subject be referred to a com-
mittee; and when it was reported back, let the
debate go on. If a debate was now to go on, they
would not get to any other business on the Speak-
er's table, perhaps, for the next month—certainly
until the debate was terminated; for he gave no-
tice that he intended, when he was in the House,
at all times, and upon all occasions, to object to
taking up business on the Speaker's table out of
order which would give rise to debate.
The SPEAKER. The Chair feels it to be his
duty to state to the House that there is a large
amount of business on the Speaker's table that
ought to be laid before the House. There are va-
rious communications from the President and
heads of departments; various bills from the
Senate on their first and second readings. The
Chair has thought that these facts ought to be
communicated to the House, in order lhat they
may know the state of the business.
Mr. McCLERNAND. I wish to know if the
same state of facts did not exist when this subject
was taken up ?
The SPEAKER. These subjects, many of
them, have been on the Speaker's table for a con-
siderable time. The Chair more than once has
suggested the propriety of taking them up either
by passing over such subjects as would give rise
to debate, or by disposing of all the business on
the Speaker's table.
Mr. BAYLY. I think, under the suggestions
that have fai'en from the Chair, that the best
course will be for me to submit the few remarks
which I wish to make upon the question of refer-
ence, and then, acquiescing in the suggestion of
my friend from Tennessee, to call the previous
question; and when this subject shall have been
reported upon the debate can go on.
Upon the subject of reference, I have but one
remark to make 
Mr. MOORE interposed, and said, he hoped if
the gentleman from Virginia was going to call the
previous question he would do it at once. There
were several gentlemen who would like to speak:
he (Mr. M.) himself would like to occupy the at-
tention of the House for five or ten minutes. He
would not like to be cut off by the previous ques-
tion, moved by the gentleman from Virginia, at
the close of a speech.
Mr. BAYLY. 1 beg to say to the gentleman
from Pennsylvania, that they have had two
speeches on that side to none on this: I am not
going to speak five minutes. I should think that
two speeches on that side to five minutes on this
would satisfy the gentleman.
1 move that the letter of Sir Henry Bulwer be
referred to the Committee of Ways and Means.
Mr. CASEY. Is that in order pending the
motion to refer to the Committee on Manufac-
tures ?
The SPEAKER stated the question (as above
