998
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
May 15,
given) to be upon the amendment of the gentle- j
man from New York, [Mr. Brooks,] to refer a
part of the correspondence to ihe' Committee on
Commerce, and a part to the Committee on Man- ,
ufactures, and said the motion of the gentleman
from Virginia [Mr. Bayly] would be in order as
an amendment to the motion of the gentleman
from New York, proposing: to strike out the Com-
mittee on Manufactures, and insert the Committee
of Ways and Means. The motion suggested by
the gentleman from Pennsylvania, [Mr. Cal\in,]
is not in order, because a motion to refer to the
standing committees has precedence over a motion
to refer to a select committee*, but the motion of
the gentleman from Virginia is in order as an
amendment to that amendment,
Mr. CASEY desired to inquire whether, if the
motion to refer to the standing committees were
•voted down, the amendment proposed by his col-
league [Mr. Calvin] would not be in order?
The SPEAKER. If the motion to refer to the
various standing committees be rejected by the
House, it wili be in their power to refer the cor-
respondence to a select committee, to the Com-
mittee of the Whole on the state of the Union, or
to make any other disposition of it they see fit.
Mr. CASEY. I hope the pending motions
will be voted down, so that we may refer the sub-
ject to a select committee.
Mr. BAYLY resumed the floor, and proceeded
with his remarks. He said the letter to which he
had referred appropriately belonged to the Com-
mittee of Ways and M-ans. This subject of in-
creasing the duties on iron had been laid be'ore
that committee. The Bouse had referred a vast
number of petitions to that committee from Penn- j
syivania and some other States; it was the pur- |
pose of the Committee of Ways and Means, as j
soon as they got through the appropriation bills \
—at least such was his wish—to take up these !
memorials and act upon them. This subject wa«? i
before them in much the largest portion, and it
ought to be in all, its bearings and aspects.
Besides, the Committee of Ways and Means
was the only committee that could act practically
upon this subject of increasing or reducing the
duties. No other committee of this House'had
anything to do with reporting bills to raise or to
appropriate money. That was exclusively the
function of the Committee of Ways arid Means-,
it was constituted for that purpose; to bring in
bills not only to appropriate money but to raise
money. The Committee on Manufactures had
nothing to do with raising or lowering the du-
ties; they had nothing to do with the taiiff.
The Committee of Ways and Means, from the
foundation of the Government up to this time, had
always had the charge of ihese subjects. Why,
then, had there been an e/Tort on this occasion to
take the matter out of the hands of the Com-
mittee of Ways aud Means? One of the m<~>st
distinguished members of the Pennsylvania dele-
gation, [Vlr. Hampton:,] a gentleman of fine tal-
ents and great industry, was upon that committee,
and had been placed there, he (Mr. B ) doubted
not, with reference to the iron interests, which he
believed the gentleman represented to a greater
extent than any other gentleman upon this floor
It was said that that committee was already
overburdened with the business before them; but
they were equal to their legitimate duties. The
subject of the tariff, of the increase of duties, was
a part of the legitimate subjects fur their consider-
ation; it belonged to them. Whatever might be
being the only member from Pennsylvenia on that
committee ?
Mr. BAYLY. They have not been. But the
gentleman knows perfectly well that, with the re-
lations of courtesy existing among the members of
that committee, if he had expressed any desire to
have them referred to himself, they certainly would
have been so referred.
Mr. HAMPTON was understood to say that
he would at any time have taken charge of those
petitions with great pleasure, if it had suited the
views of the chairman to have thus referred them. ;
Mr. BAYLY, if the gentleman in the intima- }
cy that exists between us, had once intimated his [
desire to take charge of them, I should have re- [
lieved his modesty, as far as any action of mine*!
was concerned. But the gentleman knows full |
well that it is not the chairman but the committee j
who distribute the business among the various |
members. j
Mr. HAMPTON. Without making any com- \
plaint whatever, i desire to ask whether, when ■
certain petitions from Pennsylvania were presented j
to the House and referred to the Committee of I
Ways and Means, in the distribution of those j
petitions, the chairman did not remark, Here are |
certain petitions upon iron, coal, &c.: I will take
charge of them myself if the committee do not
ohject? Was not that the method pursued by the
chairman of the Committee of Ways and Means
in the distribution of these petitions?
Mr. BAYLY replied, precisely. Just as a
j certain bill (the nature of which was not under- I
stood by the reporter) went into the hands of the :
gentleman from New York, [Mr. Duer;] he (Mr. ;
B.) had remarked in that case, precisely as he
had in this, If there is no objection this subject will
go to the gentleman from New York.
Mr. SACKETT interposed, and (Mr. B. yield-
ing) inquired whether the minority of the com- !
mittee had the right to report in cases where the
majority refused to act at all ?
Mr. BAYLY. Granting the gentleman's sup-
position, I do not know that they would have the
right. But I do not know what information the
gentleman has to enable him to predicate his ques-
tion upon the supposition that the committee will
not do their duty.
Mr. SACKETT. I do not say that the com-
mittee have any disposition not to do their duty.
1 only ask if the fact were so—that the majority
should conclude not to report on this subject—
whether the minority would have a right to repoit
at all ?
Mr. BAYLY. The question is either meant to
imply thai the disposition of the majority of the
committed is not to act, or it has no lelevancy or
pertinency at all. Tne minority can report as
well as the majority. The gentleman from Penn-
sylvania knows the courtesy with which the mi-
nority of that committee are treated. I pledge
myself here, in the face of the House, that when-
ever that gentleman wishes to make a report, he
can do it. But the Committee on Manufactures
cannot report a bill to raise the tariff; the whole
subject of the tariff, of increased protection on
woollens, cottons, iron, wool; of removing the duty
on guano, and all connected subjects, are before
the Committee of Ways and Means; and it is a
question which must be acted upon as a whole.
Does any gentleman from Pernsylvama expect
that he is to get a bill through this House giving
additional protection to iron, without taKing up
other subjects of protection ? If that is the object
I believe Mr. Adams was its first chairman. Ap-
pended to the 83d rule, which defines the duties
of the Committee on Commerce, is the following
note:
(t This Committee [on Commerce] w;i* originally a Com-
mittee on Commeree and Manufactures. On the 8tli of
December, 1819, a separate Committee on Maiiu!aotur?s was
con-tiiuU'd, rt d the duties ol the original Committee on
Commerce aud Manufactures have buencotifornietl a.- above,
by leawng out the words', awl manufactures. There are no
duties assigned m these rules to the Committee on Manu-
factures."
Mr. Adams (said Mr. B.) once made a report—
and a very able one it was—on the subject of pro-
tection; a report in which, I recollect very well,
he took the ground that the consumer pays the
duty, and not, as is now contended by gentlemen
on that side of the House, that the duty is a tax
upon the foreign producer and not felt by the con-
sumer. 1 have no objection to that committee
making a report, if they please; as to their taking
charge of the subject of the modification of the
tariff, it is directly connected with the jurisdiction
and duties of our committee. He referred to the
fact, that the tariff of 1842 came from the Com-
mittee of Ways and Means, the bill being re-
ported by the present Vice President; and the
tariff of 1846 came from the same committee, the
bill being reported by General McKay, of Morth
Carolina. It was the committee to which the sub-
ject legitimately belonged.
Mr. WINTHROP interposed, and (Mr. B.
yielding for explanation) said, he desired, with
the leave of the gentleman from Virginia, to set
him right upon a point of history. It was true
that the tariff of 1842 was finally reported by the
Committee of Ways and Means, but it was also
true, that at the commencement of that session,
there was a debate of some six weeks in this
House upon the question whether the subject of
revising the tariff should go to the Committee of
Ways and Means or to the Committee on Manu-
factures. The party in favor of the reference to
the Committee on Manufactures finally prevailed;
his honorable friend, now no more, Hon. Lever-
ett Saltonstall, of Salem, was then chairman of the
Committee on Manufactures; and that committee
was engaged not less than three or four months in
taking the testimony of persons interested in manu-
factures and commerce in various parts of the
United States, and preparing a revenue bill with a
view to protection, which bill was reported from
the Committee on Manufactures. Afterwards, on
account of some jealousy upon the subject, it was
the course which the committee might take, (of 1 of gentlemen, I beg leave to say that they will find
which he was not informed,) if the majority should " themselves in a woful minority in this House; ii
be free-trade men, they had yet a very able minor- jj they can get no protection upon iron unless other
ity in favor of pro'ection, who would have an \\ subjects are provided for al?o. |
opportunity of bringing in a repoit to the House, i| Mr. CASEY. 1 wish to inquire whether the :
if they wished to do so. j; gentleman from Virginia is not aware, that until
Mr. HAMPTON, (interposing, and Mr. B. ii within a late period iri the history of this Govern- i
yielding.) I wish to ask the gentleman from Vir- j! ment, the Committee on Manufactures always had ;
ginia whether the Committee of Ways and Means
have taken any action upon the various petitions :
referred to them on the subject of the tariff' 1
Mr. BAYLY. They have taken no other action
than, in the distribution of the business of the 1
committee, to have placed those petitions in my
hands.
the subject of the tariff under their supervision
Mr. BAYLY. 1 will answer the gentleman,
that I am aware that until within a late period in
the history of this Government there was no Com-
mittee on Manufactures.
Mr. CASEY. 1 wish to know if the gentle-
man from Virginia is not aware that while Mr.
Mr. HAMPTON. I wish to ask, further, if ! Adams was chairman of the Committee on Manu-
any of these petitions which relate to an increase ! factures, that committee always had the tariff !
of the duties on iron, coal, or any other parts of [' under their jurisdiction. ]
the tariff, have been referied to me, as I suppose I j! Mr. BAYLY. I am aware of no such fact. On}
am the member to whom the gentleman refers, il the contrary, that committee is one of late origin. !
; I found it might pass the House under better auspices
I' if it was reported from the Committee of,Ways
'! and Means, and it was referred to that committee,
1 and by them reported back with but few modifica-
tions. But the whole subject was referred to the
'! Committee on Manufactures; it was regarded within
!j their rightful province, and it occupied their atteu-
ij tion some three or four months.
i Mr. BAYLY (resuming) said the fact which
' the gentleman stated only showed more clearly the
:i propriety of the motion he (Mr. B.) had made:
; although the bill of 1842 went first to the Com-
' mittee on Manufactures, the House found it be-
; longed to the Committee of Ways and Means,and
j referred it to that committee. He had not known
I of the fact that that bill underwent but very few
i modifications in the Committee of Ways and
j Means; if it weie so, the hoimr which had always
j been claimed for the Vice President as the author
| of the hill, was unfounded. He had always un-
; derstood that that gentleman's ability and energy
! ] placed it in the shape in which it had been carried
through the House.
Mr. McCLERNAND (Mr. Baylt yielding for
explanation) said, in consfquewe of his rormecnon
with the Committee on Foieign Affairs, he dcMied
to make a brief explanation. This correspond-
ence between the Bnti&h Minister and the Secre-
tary of State had, in the first place, been refeired
to the Committee on Foreign Afftuis, on ihe same
day the gentleman fiom j\ew York [Mr. Brooks]
had moved a reconsideration of that vote, and had
followed that motion by a second motion to refer
a part of the correspondence to the Committee on
Commerce, and another panto the Committee on
Manufactures. He (Mr. McO ) was not prepared
at the time when the gentleman from New York
submitted his motion, to take a position one way
or the other, for the reason that he was not advised
of the correspondence, and not acquainted with lis
contents, (for the President's message communi-
