1850.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
1003
to nominate that one as adjutant general of the
army; and he cnuld nominate nobody else in the
opinion of the Senate. The President, however,
did nominate somebody else;and 1 will tell the Sen-
ator from Maine again that the decision was not
that the nomination ought not to have been made,
but that it could not be made. The Senate held
that no other nomination could be made, and
finally it was made. Now, the Committee on
Military Affairs think that General Jones was le-
gally in office throughout the whole time; that, ac-
cording to the provisions of the law for the re-
duction of the army, he ought to have remained
in office; that, although he was during 'a part of
the time prevented from discharging the duties of
his office, he yet held his office legally throughout
the whole time. The only question remaining,
then, is one of compensation. That is the only
question before the Senate at this session, because
I do not think we would be willing now to go,
back to review the action of the former Senate.
The only question remaining, then, is as to the
amount of compensation to be paid. I think the
matter rests on the legal ri ht of the officer to com-
pensation, because he legally held his commission
throughout the whole time; and his renomina-
tion, as it may be called, was nothing but a desig-
nation by the President of the officer who re-
mained on the staff in that commission, and who
should ba adjutant general of the army on the
peace establishment.
Mr. BRADBURY. The Senator from Missis-
sippi [Vlr. Davis] will perceive, I think, that he
is laboring under a very great mistake. He now
takes the position that General Jones was legally
adjutant general during the whole period, and,
therefore, that he is entitled to compensation, and
that this was the view of the President and the
Senate subsequently. Now, so far from that being
the fact, if that had been the view of the Presi-
dent and of the Senate in 1825, he would have
needed no new nomination or confirmation. The
President would simply have ordered him to the
performance of that duty, and he would have held
underthe first commission. Instead of that, the
President sent in his name as a new nomination for
the place', and the Senate acted upon it as a new
nomination. And thus, in the action of the Pres-
ident, and in the action of the Senate, we have
the position of ihe Senator from Mississippi neg-
atived fully and completely, and the construction
of the law given by the former President (Monroe)
fully sustained ancl confirmed.
Mr. DAVIS, of Mississippi. The Senator has
not read the law, or he would be better able to
jud eof this matter.
Mr. BENTON. Mr. President, I have been
familiar wilh this question for a longtime—from
the beginning—and the Senator from Mississippi
[Mr. Davis] has stated it correctly. He is right,
sir, in his recollection. You and I know, sir, that
in 1820, it was a question of the reduction of the
army. The question was reduction. It excluded
the question of the introduction of anybody.
With respect to this particular office, sir, it was
brought down to the point at which no reduction
was required. There had been two of these offi-
cers, but it was brought down to one. You recol-
lect all about it, sir. It was a question which
occupied the Senate a long time, session after ses-
sion, and the Senate always decided the same
way. It was a question of reduction, and not of
introduction. Nobody must be introduced in the
place of one who was in by law. Well, sir, it
gave rise to a long disagreement betweefl the
President and the Senate That disagreement con-
tinued for years. The Semite, by jepeated decis-
ions both in the case of General Jones and that of
Colonel Bissell, one of the colonels who was dis-
placed, decided that these officers were in the
army, and were not to be put out by putting oth-
ers in. Colonel Bissell died, and in the end a new
President sent in the nomination of Colonel Jones
for the place which the Senate had been deciding
that he was in. The Senate, to put an end to the
whole matter, confirmed the nomination. He was
in the office, and we kept him in it. As was well
said by the Senator from Mississippi, Colonel
Jones was all the time in the office in the eye of
the law, and therefore he is entitled to the compen-
sation.
The bill was then ordered to be engrossed for a
third reading; and, by unanimous consent, was
subsequently read a third time, and passed.
THE COMPROMISE BILL.
The hourof one o'clock having arrived,
The PRESIDING OFFICER, announced the
special order of the day, being the bill reported
from the select committee of thirteen to admit Cal-
ifornia as a State into the Union, to establish ter-
ritorial governments for Utah and New Mexico,
and making proposals to Texas for the establish-
ment of her western and northern boundaries.
This bill was announced to be under consideration
as.in Committee of the Whole,and open to amend-
ment.
Mr. DOUGLAS. Mr. President, I am desirous
of getting a test vote of the Senate upon one ques-
tion involved in this controversy. 1 am not cer-
tain but this is the best time to submit a motion in
order to produce that result. We have the subjects
involved in that bill before us in two shapes: once
in separate bills, and then in a joint bill, the bills
being substantially the same in both cases. I de-
sire now to ascertain whether it be the wish of the
Senate to proceed with them jointly or separately,
because, that point being decided, it would neces-
sarily make great difference in our action. My
object, therefore, is to submit a motion which will
decide whether we shall proceed to ihe considera-
tion of these bills jointly or separately. In order
to decide that question, 1 move to lay the bill on
the table, for the purpose of proceeding to the con-
sideration of the bill to admit California as a Stale
fjparately, and upon that motion I ask the yeas
nd nays.
The yeas and nays were ordered, and, being
taken, resulted as follows:
YEAS—Messrs. Baldwin, Bentnn, Bradbury, Chase,
Clarke, Cooper, Corwm, Davis of Mnssat-hu-KL-, Dayton,
Docile of Wis-con-in, Douglas, Felefi, Greene, Hale, Millt r,
Norris, St ward, Shields, Snath, Sprtmnce, Wales, Walker,
Web&t^r, and Yulee—24.
NA Yc5—-Me-^rs. Atchison, Bell, Berrien, Borland, Bright,
Cass, t'la>, Clemen-, D-ivis of Mississippi, Dawson, Dick-
inson, Dodge ol Iowa. Downs, Elmore, Foott, JHonsion,
Hunter, Jnne<*, Kinir, Manenin, Morton, Pratt, Rusk, Soul6,
Stutgeon, Turney, Undorwood, and Wintcomb—28.
So the bill was not laid upon the table.
* Mr. DAVIS, of Mississippi. I offer the follow-
ing amendment. To strike out in the sixth line
of the tenth section the words "in respect to Af-
rican slavery/' and insert the words "with those
rights of property growirg out of ihe institution of
African slavery as it exists in any of the States of
this Union." The object of the amendment is to
•prevent the territorial legislature from legislating
against the rights of property growing out of the
institution of slavery.
Mr. DOUGLAS. Is it in order to ask for a di-
vision of the question?
The PRESIDING OFFICER. It is not.
Mr. DAVIS, of Mississippi. Mr. President, I
will state very briefly the object ) had m view in
offering the amendment. It was to test the sense
of the Senate on the single question, whether the
right to the service of man—whether the right of
property in slaves, as it exists m the slavehoiding
States of the Union, shall rective the same protec-
tion which other property shall rective in the ter-
ritories of the United States. The language of
the bill, as it stands, would seem to exclude the
idea of the right of property growing out of the
institution of African slavery to receive the same
protection from the teiritorial legislature as is
accorded to all other species of properly. As 1
now propose to amend the bill, it will prevent the
teiritorial legislature from invading the rights of
the inhabitants of the slavehoiding States. I am
willing to leave the question to be decided accord-
ing to the great cardinal principles of the Demo-
cratic party; that the people inhabiting a territory,
when they come to form a State constitution lor
themselves, can do as they please. It will leave
to the territorial legislatures those rights and
powers which are essentially necessary, not only
to the presetvatton of property, but to the peace
of the territory. It will leave the right to make
such police regulations as are necessaiy to prevent
disorder, and which will be absolutely necessary
with such property as that, to secure us beneficial
use to its owner. With thu brief explanation 1
submit the amendment.
Mr. SEWARD. I offer the following as an
amendment to the amendment: Strike out the
whole of the amendment, and insert what I send
to the Chau, [which was understood to be the
Wilmot proviso.]
* The PRESIDING OFFICER. To strike out
the whole of the amendment and insert constitutes
a substitute, which is not in order.
Mr. CLAY. Mr. President, I am not perfectly
sure that I comprehend the full meaning of the
amendment offered by the Senator from Missis-
sippi. If I do, I think he accomplishes nothing
by striking out the clause now in the bill, and in-
setting that which he proposes to insert. The
clause now in the bill is, that the terutorial legis-
lation shall not extend to anything respecting Af-
rican slavery within the territory. The effect of
retaining the <lause as reponed by the committee
will be this: that if in any of the territorit s slavery
now exists, it cannot be abolished by the territo-
rial legislature; and if in any of the territories
slavery does not now exist, it cannot be introduced
by the territorial legislature. The clause itself was
introduced into the bill by the committee, for the
purpose of tying up the hands of the teiritorial
legislature in respect to legislating at all, one way
or the other, upon the subject of Afncan slavery.
it was intended to leave the legislation and the law
of the respective territories in the condition in
which the act will find them. I stated on a former
occasion that I did not, in committee, vote for the
amendment to insert the clause, though it was pro-
posed to be mtioduced by a majority of the com-
mittee. i attached very little consequence to it
at that time, and I attach very little to it at the
present. It 13, perhaps, of no practical importance
whatever.
Now, sir, if I understand the measure proposed
by the Senator from Mississippi, it aims at the
same thing, i do not understand him as propos-
ing that if any one shall carry slaves into the ter-
ritory—although by the law of the territory he
cannot take them there—the legislative hands of
the teuitorial government should be so tied as to
prevent its saying he shall not enjoy the fruits of
their labor. If the Senator from Mississippi means
to say that 
Mr. DAVIS, of Mississippi. I do mean to
say it.
Mr. CLAY. If the object of the Senator is to
provide that slaves mny be introduced into the ter-
ritory contrary to the lex loci> and, being intro-
duces,"nothing shall be done by the legislature to
impair the rights of owners to hold the slaves thus
brought contrary to the local laws, I certainly can-
not vote lor it. In doing so, 1 shall repeat again
the expression of opinion which I announced at an
early period of the session. 1 think that the lan-
guage of the amendment which the Senator from
Mississippi has offeied, is just as much restricted
as is the language of the bill which he proposes to
strike out. His amendment does not provide in
express terms for the pnvilege of introducing
slaves, but merely declares that the territorial
legislature shall not mieifere with the rights of
properly in slaves, as that property exists m a
certain class of Slates. Very well. The legisla-
tive is aheady restrained from so inteifeiing', un-
less slaves are brought m contrary to the Ux loci.
If they be so brought in, then the amendment of
the gentleman—although its language does not f
comprehend it—might secure to the introducer of '
slaves the protection of his pioperty.
If the object of the Senator, however, is as he '
states, the language of it, 1 think, does not neces-
sarily imply it. i repeat what 1 have before said,
that i cannot vote to convert a territory already
free into a slave territory. I am satisfied, for one,
to let the lex Joci, as it exists, rtmam. Now, let 5
us see what will be the effect of this in that portion •
of New Mexico east of the Rio Grande. Three
opinions pievail upon tnat subject in the Senate. !
According to my opinion, the laws of Mexico still
ptevail m that country, because Texas never had '
possession of that country, never legislated for
that country, and her laws never stretched over
that country; but, on the contrary, the countiy ;
remained m the possession of Mexico until, by the r
treaty of Guadalupe Hidalgo, it was ceded to the '
United States. In my opinion, theiefore, the
local law which prevails in New Mexico—as well
in New Mexico east of the Rio Grande as west of
it—is the law of Mexico, as pronounced by the
Dictator of Mexico, by the constitutional author-
ity of Mexico, and by the legislative power of
Mexico. That is my own opinion. But, sir,
there are, I may say, two other opinions on this
subject. According to one of th^se opinions 
which is maintained with so much ability by my
friend from Georgia [Mr. Berrien] who sits near
