1850.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
1007
Sir, I hope my friend will persevere in his
amendment, and that we shall bring the Seriate to
a direct vote upon it; and according as the votes of
the members of the committee shall be announced,
we shall judge whether it was the purpose of that
committee to give What would be the only conces-
sion offered by this bill to the South, the protec-
tion of law to our slave property within the limits
of ihe territories established in it.
The debate was continued at some length by
Mr. FOOTE, whose speech will be found in the
Appendix.
Mr. YCJLEE briefly replied.
The Senate then adjourned.
HOUSE OP REPRESENTATIVES.
Thursday, May 16, 1850.
The Journal of yesterday was read and approved.
MARSHALS OF THE TERRITORIES.
Mr. THURSTON rose and said, he held in his
hand a joint resolution, which he asked the unan-
imous consent of the House to introduce at this
time, and of which he would ask the adoption.
The resolution was read, as follows:
Resolved hy the Senate and House of Representutices of
the United States of America in Congress assembled, That
when the inaislial or" any territory shall have tailed to give
bond a* required hv law, all fund-; to he disbursed in such
teiritory, and which by law would be deposited with the
marshal of such territory tor disbursement, may be placed
in the hands of the governor of such territory for dl=b rse-
ment until the marshal thereof shall have filed his bond in
pursuance of law.
Objection was made.
So the resolution was not introduced.
Mr. BURT rose, and was recognized by the
Chair, but said he would yield the floor for the
moment to the gentleman from Virginia, [Mr.
Bayly-]
Mi. BAYLY said that he had not risen exactly
to an amendment of the Journal, but to a kindred
question. The " Congressional Globe'' was the
official register of the proceedings of this House,
published under the authority of the House, as a
public document; and where mistakes were made
in the statement of the proceedings—he did no!
allude to speeches, for members had a right to
make their speeches such as they pleased—where
mistakes were made in the statement of proceed-
ings, he thought that the House was the proper
place in which to make the correction.
The SPEAKER said the gentleman might pro-
cced by unanimous Consent.
Mr. STANLY rose to inquire of the Speaker,
what was the question before the House?
The SPEAKER. The gentleman from Vir-
ginia [Mr. Bayly] asks the unanimous consent
of the House to correct a statement of proceed-
ings of yesterday, published in the " Globe' of
this morning.
Mr. BAYLY. It is not a speech; but a notice
of a motion.
Mr. STANLY objected, remarking, as the re-
porter understood, that the gentleman from Virginia
[Mr. Bayly] could make the correction by a note
in the "Globe."
Objection being made, Mr. B. took his seat.*
* House of Representatives,
Friday, May 17, 1850.
Sir: Yesterday,in the House, as soon as the
Journal was read, I obtained the floor, and pro-
ceeded to say that I had not risen exactly to a cor-
rection of the Journal, but to a kindred matter.
The Congressional Globe was the official register
3f the proceedings of the. House, published under
its authority, and passed through the mails as a
public document; and where mistakes are made in
the statement of its proceedings—ldid not allude
to speeches, for members had the right to put
then speeches, where no one but themselves are
concerned, into such shape as pleased them—but
where mistakes were made in the record of reso-
lutions, I thought the House itself, where the
witnesses of the uansaction were (.resent, was the
proper place to make the correction.
At this point, Mr. Stanly,of North Carolina,
objected to my proceeding; and as 1 could only
proceed by unanimous consent, I was compelled
to lake my seat. Bat for his objection, I should
have shown that there was an error in your report
of the debate of the day before, very unjust to me
 an error for which your very able and accurate
THE FRONTIER.
Mr. BURT rose and said, that he felt it to be
his duty, as chairman of the Committee on Mili-
tary Affairs, solemnly to call the attention of the
House to the existing state of affairs on the fron-
tier of our country. He was not willing to re-
mam silent here, and take the responsibility for
the atrocities which were now committed there,
without being shielded by the determination of the
House. There was upon the Speaker's table a
bill from the Senate, kindred to one which had
been reported from the Committee on Military
Affairs of this House, having reference to this
subject. He asked the unanimous consent oT the
House to take up Senate bills on the Speaker's
table, with a view to their reference, without de-
bate, to the appropriate committees.
[The bill to which Mr. Burt more particularly
referred, was a bill to increase the rank and file
of the army, and to encourage enlistments.]
The SPEAKER stated the question to be on
taking up such bills on the Speaker's table, for
the purpose of reference, as would not give rise to
debate. If the motion was assented to, any bills
which might give rise to debate would, as a mat-
ter of course, be passed over.
Mr. BURT. My motion is simply to refer the
bills to the appropriate committees.
The SPEAKER. The Chair so understands the
motion.
Mr. JONES objected.
Mr. BURT, (to the Speaker.) Is itin order to
move to proceed to the consideration of particular
business on the Speaker's table?
Reporters were not responsible, I am sure; for the
report of which 1 complain bears internal evidence
of having been prepared hy Mr. Moore himself.
The concluding part of his remarks, and what
immediately followed, is thus correctly reported
in the Republic :
" He (Mr. Moore) expressed the hope that the resolution
of ina colleague [Mr. CalvinJ would Jt it be voted
down, lie would move tu-u Hie (JiuuuiiUee of Way* and
Means be nittrueitd to inquire into the cxt>eJiency ul re-
porting an mc*re.t>ed duty on iron, and substituting apecitic
lor ad valorem duties.
" Mi. BAYLY begged leave to fay that the resolution
should Intel with no opposition irnin linn.
" Mr. iMcLANE was anxious lor a vote on the subject
pending, it it \va^ not disp^ed of to-day, it would remain
on the Spestkei's table, blocking up legwia^on.
"Mr. STANLY wi>lu-d to a^k Mr Bayly, whether he
meant, when he said that the resolution of Hit gentleman
from Pennsylvania should meet wi Jj no opposition fiom
him. that he wa- in favor of an increased duly on iron ?
" Mr. BAYLY. Not at all. X am merely willing to in-
quire into it."
In Mr. Moore's own report of the resolution
he gave notice he would offer, he entirely changed
its character; and consequently placed me, whose
response to it your reporter correctly gave, in a
false position before the country. He thus re-
ported the proceeding:
"And he (Mr. Moore) would here give notice to the
Hou-e, that it that amendment tailed, he would move to
amt.nd the motion of the gentleman from Virginia, w ho
proposed to refer it to the Committee of Way? ami Mean.",
so that the committee should be m^triieted to repM u bill
increasing the present duty on iron, and making Uitm spe-
cific instead of ad valorem■
" Mr. BAYLY. 1 beg leave in advance to say, that the
resolution 01 tile gentleman Irom Penns>lvaiiia[Alr.MooRii]
will meet wiih no opposition iroui me."
It will thus be seen that he changed the whole
character of his resolution, from one of inquiry to
one which left us no discretion, and by doing
so, placed me in a false position before the coun-
try.
Now, sir, I do not object to Mr. Moore s alter-
ing his speeches, in the report of them, to suit him-
self; hut he has no light to alter, upon your per-
manent record, recurred to oftener than the Journal
itself, a resolution to which 1 had assented, and
thus place me in the position of agreeing to a prop-
osition of which I had never heard a word.
I desired to make this correction in the presence
of Mr. Moore and of the House, wheie the pro-
ceeding occurred, and wheie it was obviously
proper I should have made it. I accordingly ex-
plained to Mr. Stanly privately the correction i
wished to make, and asked him to withdraw his
objection; but he declined. I have consequently
no remedy against misrepresentation but in your
publishing this note in the Congressional Globe.
Your obedient servant,
TH. H. BAYLY.
John C. Rives, Esq.
The SPEAKER said, under unanimous con-
sent, the House could proceed to the considers-
tion of business on the Speaker's table at this time.
The motion, however, was not properly in order,
until the expiration of the morning hour. A mo-
tion would then be regularly in order.
Mr. THOMPSON, of Mississinpi, suggested
that, in that event, hills on the Speaker's table
from the Senate would not have precedence. The
messages from the President of the United States
would be first in order
The SPEAKER said, that by reference to the
27th rule gentlemen could see what the order of
business on the Speaker's table was. The mes-
sages would be first in order.
Mr. THOMPSON. Precisely so.
Mr. BURT. 1 a^k the unanimous consent of
the House, as I suppose I may, that the hill to
which I have referred may be taken up and re-
ferred to the Committee on Military Affairs. The
committee will meet to-morrow morning.
Objection was made.
Mr. McCLERNAND suggested to the gentle-
man from S<>uth Carolina [Mr. Burt] that all the
Senate bills upon the Speaker's table, without re-
striction, should be taken up and referred.
Mr. BURT (referiing to the ol.jfction which
had been made to his motion) said: Then I trust
that, when it shall he in order to move to proceed
to the consideration of business on the Speaker's
table, the House will express its own sense, and
overrule objections made in this way.
REPORTS FROM COMMITTEES.
The SPEAKER then proceeded to call the com-
mittees in their order for reports, commencing
where the call was last suspended.
Mr. THOMAS, fr«>m the Committee of Claims,
reported a hill for the relief of the legal represen-
tatives of Robert S. Burrough nnd S'ephen Hop-
kins; which was read a fiist and second tim<  * y its
title, referred to a Committee of the Whole H >use,
and, with the report accompanying, ordeied to be
printed.
Mr. NELSON", from the Committee of Claims,
made an ad verse report on the claim of James Jones,
of Tennessee, which was ordered to he on the
table, and he printed. The report was accompa-
nied by a resolution granting the petitioner leave
to withdraw his petition and papers; which was
adopted.
, Mr. McLEAN, of Kentucky, from the Com-
mittee of Claims, reported the following bills;
which were severally read a first and second time
by their titles, referred to a Committee of the
Whole House, and, with the reports accompany-
ing, ordered to be printed, viz:
A bill for the relief of the legal representatives
of John II. Pratt, deceased;
A bill for the relief of the administrators of Oli-
ver Lee, deceased; * nd
A bill for the relief of Isaac Cook and others.
On motion by Mr. MeLEAN, of Kentucky, the
Committee of Claims was dischaiged from the
further consideration of the following petitions,
and they were ordered to lie on the table, \iz;
The petition of David MHville, of Newport,
Rhode Island, praying remuneration for extra ex-
penses paid by him whilst gauger and weigher at
the aforesaid place;
j The petition.of Henry Richardson, praying for
I the payment of the usual fees paid to custom-house
officers, as informer in the case of John French
< during the year 1^31; and
The peution of Thomas M. O'Brien, asking re-
muneration for lost time in const quence of not be-
ing employed upon the public buildings, for which
| purpof-e he was brought to Washington city under
; agreement.
| Mr. HUBBARD, from the Committee of Claims,
; reported a bill for the relief of Melvma Cruzat;
I which was read a first and second time by its title,
! referred to a Committee of ihe Whole House, and,
with the bill accompany in<r, ordered to be panted.
On motion by Mr. HUBBARD, the Committee
of Claims was discharged from the further consid-
eration of the petition of Isaac Hill, praying for re-
muneration for damages sustained by him through
the annulment of a comract made with the Post-
master Genera), for furnishing blanks; and it was
referred to the Committee on the Post Office and
Post Roads.
Mr. PHCENlX, from the Committee on Com-
meice, reported the following bills; which were
severally read a first and second time by their titles,
