1008
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
May 16.
referred to a Committee of the Whole House, and,
•with the reports accompanying, ordered to be
printed, viz:
A bill for the relief of Child, Farr, & Co., of
St. Louis, in the State of Missouri;
A bill for the relief of James W. Low and oth-
ers, for the capture of the British private armed
schooner Ann, during the late war with Great
Britain.
Mr. PHOENIX also reported a bill to authorize
the issuing of a register to the barque Cornwalhs;
which was read a first and second time by its title,
with a view to its reference.
Mr. P. said that the vessel was ready for sea,
and was merely waiting for a register. He hoped,
therefore, that the biil would be put upon its
passage.
The SPEAKER said that the bill would be read
through.
Mr. JONES moved that the bill be referred to
the Committee of the Whole on the state of the
Union.
Mr. J. was proceeding to speak, when
The SPEAKER said, the gentleman would sus-
pend his remarks until the bill had been read.
The bill having been read—
Mr. JONES said, he supposed that this bill was
like another which had been reported from the
same committee some time since—that it was a
life and death case with the owners of the vessel,
that a special law should be passed, givino- her a
register. He (Mr. J.) had understood, on that
occasion, that the Committee on Commerce had
determined to take up the subject, and report some
general bill, authorizing the issue of registers to
•vessels which had been built in other countries,
but had been repaired in the United States. He
could see no reason why a general law should not
be passed. It could be passed as expeditiously as
one of these special bills, and the Congress of the
United States would be thereby relieved from
this continual special legislation, authorizing the
granting of registers to these vessels built in for-
eign countries. He hoped the bill would be referred
to the Committee of the Whole on the state of
the Union, and that no more special bills of this
description would be passed.
Mr. PHOENIX said that the subject of a gener-
al provision by law for granting registers to ves-
sels under these circumstances, had been brought
to the consideration of the Committee on Com-
merce, but as yet the committee had not been able 1
to act Upon it. The vessel, as he had stated, was ■
ready for sea. He questioned the propriety of •
detaining her, with a view to have the general '
subjectacted upon. A delay of some weeks°would ;
probably take place, and great loss would lesult !
to the owners. He appealed to the good feelin* i
of the House to let the bill be put upon its pas'-
sage.
The SPEAKER. The question is on the motion
of the gentleman from Tennessee, [Mr. Jones,]
that the bill be referred to the Committee of the •
Whole on the state of the Union.
The question was taken, and decided in the
negative, without a division.
So the House decided that the bill should not be '
referred to the Committee of the Whole on the
state of the Union.
And the question recurring on ordering the bill
to a third readme—
Mr. JONES moved to amend it by striking out '
Cornwalhs (as the name of the ship) and in-
serting Martin Van Buren."
Mr. McLANE, of Maryland, said that the gen-
tleman from Tennessee [Mr. Joxes] had submitted
the very proposition which the petitioner himself
had asked—that the name of the vessel should be ;
changed. But it was an improper and an incon- >■
vernent practice, and led to great confusion. It .
aiiorded the owners of bad vessels an opportunity i
to cheat the insurance offices. He hoped that'
the bm would be put upon its passage. '
Ihe question was then taken on the amend- ■
division WaS deii in ti,e "egative, without a i.
So the amendment was rejected. i
The bill was then ordered to a third reading at
this time, and, having been read a third time by ,
Ine titie, was passed. !
moved a reconsideration of the 1
n w™ n h iat mol,.on be liUd up°u the table-
it was ordered accordingly. j
I THE DEFICIENCY BILL,
j A message was received from the President of
! the United States, by the hands of Colonel Buss,
j his Private Secretary, informing the House that
j the President had approved and signed a' bill
making appropriations to supply certain deficien-
cies of appropriations for the current fiscal year.
On motion by Mr. PHCEN1X, the Committee
on Commerce was discharged from the further
\ consideiation of the memorial of Andrew A. Jones,
• for compensation for extra services as a clerk, and
j it was referred to the Committee of Claims.
| On motion by Mr. McLANE, of Maryland, the
ij Comfiiittee on Commerce was discharged from the
j further consideration of the following petitions and
memorials, and they were ordered to lie on the
! table, viz:
I The memorial of F. Gilbeau and others, pray-
! ing that the right of drawback be extended to
| Eagle Pass, in Texas;
The petition of Job Denner, of Rockport, Mas-
, sachusetts, for relief on account of the illegal con-
demnation of his schooner Director, by the Brit-
ish Government;
! The petition of Thomas & Co., Abrahams and
| others, of Kittery, Maine, praying for permission
; to erect a bridge from Sconey's Island, to the
j; navy-yard at Kittery, Maine;
[l The petition of Thomas Newell, praying that
|| the amount paid by him and his brother, Robert
; Newell, for interests and costs of suits on custom-
house bonds, after their failure in Savannah, by
j, order of the Secretary of the Treasury, may be
' refunded to them;
j! The petition of William S. Payne, for the res-
ji toration of a fine imposed upon him for a violation
i; of the coasting laws;
j. The memorial of the Chamber of Commerce of
s Charleston, praying Congress to take into consid-
eration the treasury circular in relation to the col-
lection from the merchants the expenses of the
! warehhousmgsystem; and
j The memorial of Lieutenant O. Peters, of the
ji United States revenue service, asking that he may
], receive pay for the time he was improperly dis-
j. missed from that service.
j! On motion by Mr. McLANE, of Maryland, the
li Committee on Commerce was discharged from the
j further consideration of the petition of Gorham
j. Coffin, and other citizens of Nantucket, mostly
!' shipmasters, praying that there may not be any
change in the prime meridian for longitude for
nautical puiposes, in the Nautical Almanac to be >
computed at the National Observatory; and it was
referred to the Committee on Naval Affairs.
On motion by Mr. McLANE, the same com-
mittee was discharged from the further considera-
tion of the memorial of certain underwriters, and
othersengaged in commerce, residing in Baltimore,
Maryland, praying for an increase of salary to the
United States judge at Key West. Aiso, from
the memorial of certain delegates of Boston, Pmla-
delphia, and Charleston, and from J. W. Dennis
and other citizens of Schuylkill county, Pennsyl-
vania, asking for a capitation tax on foreign immi-
grants. And they were severally referred to the
Committee on the Judiciary.
On motion by Mr. McLANE, the same com-
mittee was discharged from the further considera-
tion of the memorial of Josiah Sturges, and others
in the revenue service, praying that the pension
laws may be made applicable to those m that ser-
vice; and it was referred to the Committee on In-
valid Pensions.
Mr. McLANE also, from the same committee,
reported the following bills, which were severally
read a first and second time by their titles, referred
to a Committee of the Whole House, and, with
ihe reports accompanying, ordered to be printed,
viz :
A bill for the relief of Ira F. Horton; and
A bill for the relief of S. Morris Wain.
BLACK WARRIOR RIVER.
Mr. McLANE aiso, from the same committee,
to which was referred Senate bill entitled " An act
giving the assent of Congress to the town of Tus-
f mStti y\,®bama'10 lease a portion of the mar-in
of Black Warrior river," reported the same back,
without amendment, and with a recommendation
byUie committee that the bill be put upon its pas-
Mr. JONES said he understood the object of
this company to be to bring coal to Tusciioosa,
'* and to have a place on the margin of the river as
a depot from which they could sell coal to the citi-
zens, or to the boats on the river. If this wan the
object, he had no objection to the bill. But if the
object of the bill was to give this incorporated
• company authority to erect a warehouse for she
purposes of a general receiving, forwarding and
commission business, he was opposed to it.
Hence his amendment.
Mr. McLANE asked the attention of the gen-
tleman from Tennessee for a single moment. The
object of the road was not to carry coal alone; no
' doubt the coal transported over the road would
find its place in the dep6t. But if the dq oi w.is
confined to coal alone, all other articles wuu d have
to be left out of the depot. The grant by the bill
was of so much of the land as was necessary for
the business of that road. It was town pro; erty
now; and the town would only grant as much as
|! the town might deem judicious for the road.
A single additional remark only, as he was sure
j, no further explanation could be necessary. This
reservation extended two or three miles along the
i margin of the river; if, therefore, this grant were
not made, the people of the town would have to go
, beyond the limits of the reservation, a mile and a
' half either way, to receive their merchandise trans-
ported over this road and bring it into town.
There could be no objection to the passage of the
• bill.
| Mr. CONGER asked for the reading of the biil.
1 The bill was read accordingly.
Mr. SACKETT called for the reading of the
law making the original grant.
The law was read.
Mr. SACKETT said that the object and inten-
tion of this original grant, it was very manifest,
could not be investigated and understood by the
House without an examination into the eiTccts
which it produced upon the city and upon those
j interested. He saw that the law originally grant-
i ing this land, especially provided that in case it
• wasused forany otherpurposes than those specified,
I it should revert to the United States. Now, this
bill might be right or it might not be; he could not
say whether it was or not. The House were not
able to determine the question at piesent; they
knew nothing about it. He asked that this bill
go to the Committee of the Whole for examina-
tion.
Mr. INGE said that the bill had passed the
' Senate unanimously, that it had come to the
House, and some objections" being made to ,ts
passage because it hail not undergone the examina-
tion of a committee, it had been referred to ihe
Committee on Commerce. The Committee on
Commerce had given the whole subject a full ex-
amination, and they had now unanimously reported
the bill to the House, and unanimously recom-
mended that it be put on its passage. "This Uil
had received all the examination usually bestow ed
upon the most important matters of general inter-
est; and yet the gentleman from New York [Mr.
Sackett] was not satisfied, but insisted that this
bill had not been sufficiently exammed ! He ^Mr.
I.) had explained the bill the otlwr day: the House
then understood it: he had not understood a mem-
ber of this House to object to tue bill, ur to con-
trovert his explanation. The only ground taken
by any member was, that the bill should be reiYrred
to a committee for the purpose of exummutiou,
That had been done; and as he had said, the com-
mittee had unanimously reported back the bill,
and unanimously recommended that it be now put
upon its passage. It was urmccessaiy to say any-
thing in explanation of the amendment of tin;
gentleman from Tennessee. The Houm , he v. as
satisfied, understood the bill. lu.i-miuih as tins
debate could lead to no good lesuh, he moved the
previous question.
The pievious question was seconded, ar-d the
mam question was ordered—being fiist on lb- ref-
erence of the bill to the Committee of the Whole.
The question was taken and decided in the
negative.
So the House refused to refer the biil.
1 he question recurring on hgrct-mg io the amend-
ment of Mr. Jos-ts, was laken and decided m the
negative.
So the amendment was rejected.
The bill "was then ordered to be read a third
time, and having been read by its title.
The bill wan passed.
