HEADQUARTERS EXPEDITIONARY FORCES,Ringgold Barracks, July 9, 1864.

Brigadier General J. E. SLAUGHTER,

Chief of Staff, Houston, Tex.:

I have the honor to forward for information the inclosed copy of communication* from Lieutenant Stafford, of Captain McFadden's company. I do not know why Captain McFadden's company has been ordered to report to General Drayton. The company was raised by my order, with the approval of the major general commanding. It has been filled by recruiting since the expiration of the three months' term and was marching to my headquarters in obedience to orders. I respectfully suggest that it would interfere materially with the organization of my command to detach form it Captain McFadden's company. I must be permitted to say, without any intention toe be disrespectful, that such an act would be one of injustice to me. I have the honor to respectfully request that the major-general commanding direct Captain McFadden to proceed with his company to these headquarters. I may labor under erroneous impressions, but I am led to believe that had Lieutenant-Colonel Steele offered an opposition as persistent and determined to a Federal officer's intentions and plans as he has to mine he would have done the country good service. His reported intemeddlings reach me almost daily. If these reports be true, and I think many of them are, I have an undoubted right to request the major- general commanding to again protect me from officious interference. I have the honor to forward for information copies of extracts from communications* of a confidential agent in Matamoras. I have made dispositions to capture the cow- thieves. I was prevented from making a dash at the horses from the absence of grass and her want of forage. I shall trouble them soon.

I have the honor to be, your very obedient servant,

JOHN S. FORD,

Colonel, Commanding.
HDQRS. CONFEDERATE FORCES IN NORTH, ARKANSAS,July 9, 1864.

Brigadier General C. W. ADAMS,

Commanding, &amp;c.:

GENERAL: Your communication of the 7th is received, In reference to furnishing you an armed force wherewith to enforce the conscript law in the counties named, such a force shall be furnished You on application. I am as anxious as yourself to prevent any disagreement arising between us, or between myself and any other commanding officer in this Sub-District. I herewith inclose you a copy of my instructions from General Smith, which shows plainly that I have command of all the troops in the Northern Sub- District of Arkansas, and that I am, with as little delay as possible, to bring them with me to the army south of the Arkansas River. As soon as this is accomplished General Smith will dispose of them as he sees proper. I do not desire any larger command than my old brigade, and most cheerfully will I reassume command of tit as soon as my mission here is consummated. I have ordered a sufficient number of companies to report to Colonel McCray to form a brigade of three regiments, and he will have command of no more. All orders issued from these headquarters to Colonel Dobbin have been based upon your orders to him, and he has no authority to command

---------------

*Not found.

---------------

