
any troops except such as you authorized him to collect. He has no brigade here, nor is he recognized by me as a brigade commander. In my conversation with you I understood that McGhee's battalion was a part of his command, and with such understanding I ordered Colonel McGhee to report to Colonel Dobbin. If Colonel Dobbin has ever manifested any disrespect toward you or your orders it is without my knowledge or consent, nor would I for a moment tolerate such a thing. As regards Captain Biscoe, I received a communication from him stating that he belonged to Dobbin's regiment and asking if he should report there. I answered it by telling him if he belonged to that regiment he should report to him. He also asked for means or orders to mount his men, which I was unable to furnish. If Biscoe's company does not come under the orders given by you to Colonel Dobbin, and does not belong to is command, I will immediately order it to report to you. All these brigade organizations are only temporary, and if, after conducting these troops across the Arkansas River, I can in any way assist you in obtaining command of brigade of them most cheerfully and willingly will I do so.

Very respectfully,

JO. O. SHELBY,

Brigade- General, Commanding.
HDQRS CONFEDERATE FORCES IN NORTH, ARKANSAS,July 10, 1864.

Colonel DOBBIN,

Commanding, &amp;c.:

COLONEL: Inclosed I hand you, by direction of General Shelby, a copy of letter of instructions* from department headquarters. It will be three weeks or a month, or possibly longer, before he can attempt to carry out the last clause of the letter. He therefore desires that you get all the men together you can and be prepared, with your whole command, to accompany him on his return. The more men you recruit up here the larger will be you brigade south of the Arkansas River. He wishes you to continue to annoy their transports on White River and create and keep up a diversion in his favor. He is now en route for the Little Rock railroad, with the intention of destroying it, and if we can succeed in dividing their attention and forces the easier will be the task assigned to each. If you think one or two pieces of artillery would be of any assistance to yo, notify us and they shall be furnished you, with any other assistance you may need, either in recruiting or in your operations on White River.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

W. J. McARTHUR,

Captain and Assistant Adjutant-General.

GENERAL ORDERS, HDQRS BUREAU OF CONSCRIPTION, Numbers 15. TRANS- MISSISSIPPI DEPARTMENT, Marshall, Tex., July 10, 1864.

I. The Reserve Corps in the Trans- Mississippi Department having been by the commanding general placed under the orders of the Bureau

---------------

*Not found

---------------

