
country, to come to the rescue, to furnish such information to the troops engaged in this important service as may be necessary to facilitate their operations, to council with and advise them as to the best means of executing their mission, and, if need be, to shoulder their guns and aid in forcing th skulkers ad deserters to the post of duty, and driving th marauder from the land.

I conjure the officers and men assigned to this duty to exercise the utmost vigilance, perseverance, and industry in executing their trusts. Such conduct will entitle them to the gratitude of their countrymen, and confer inestimable blessings upon their country,a nd they may be assured that indifference to and neglect of duty will be followed by prompt, speedy,a nd severe punishment.

By command of Brigadier-General Greer:

W. STEDMAN,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

GENERAL ORDERS, HDQRS. TRANS- MISSISSIPPI DEPARTMENT, Numbers 52. Houston, July 12, 1864.

The necessities for supplying the army in the field requires the use of all transportation that can be procured in the department. One- half of all the wagons and trains engaged in overland commerce is needed for Government. If freely offered, fair and remunerative prices will be paid; otherwise they will be impressed until the emergency requiring it shall have passed. Wagons engaged in hauling exempted cotton will not be impressed under the requirements of this order. The impressing officers for this purpose will be designated by district commanders upon application of chief of Cotton Bureau.

By command of General E. Kirby Smith:

C. S. WEST,

Major and Assistant Adjutant- General.
HEADQUARTERS TRANS- MISSISSIPPI DEPARTMENT,Shreveport, La., July 12, 1864.

Major General S. PRICE, Commanding, &amp;c.:

GENERAL: The commanding general directs me to inform you that he has received as dispatch from Lieutenant General S. D. Lee, commanding Department of Mississippi and Alabama, in which he states that the enemy are concentrating a large force at Memphis and Vicksburg for the purpose of making a move eastward. Thinking it dangerous under such circumstances t attempt to cross the arms, General Lee has ordered them to be retained for the present.

I am, general, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

W. R. BOGGS,

Brigadier- General and Chief of Staff.

EXECUTIVE DEPARTMENT,

Austin, Tex., July 13, 1864.

His Excellency President DAVIS, Richmond, Va.:

DEAR SIR: Impelled by a sense of duty to the Confederacy and the State, I beg most respectfully to direct your attention to the following suggestions, though regretting to trouble you at a time when your whole energies must necessarily be absorbed by matters of vital importance.

