
practicable way efforts, with at least partial success, to introduce them. These means are still being actively prosecuted, and confident anticipations are entertained that they will result in larger supplies than heretofore.

J. A. S.

Secretary.
HEADQUARTERS DISTRICT OF INDIAN TERRITORY,Fort Towson, C. N., July 15, 1864.

Brigadier General W. R. BOGGS,

Chief of Staff, Trans- Mississippi Department, Shreveport, La.:

GENERAL: I. I inclose to you the latest information I have from Fort Smith and vicinity.

II. I have heretofore mentioned that I believe the forces now in Northern Texas, except a sufficiency for police purposes, could be of more service here than elsewhere.

III. I am at a loss how to act in view of the fact that so far as I know no movement of importance is on foot in Arkansas. If my instructions of 27th ultimo* t General Cooper, a copy of which has been forwarded to you, I hope that I can at least hold the forces at Forts Gibson and Smith in check on this side, if not force an evacuation. On the 31st of May I wrote to Major- General Price on the subject of his movements, a copy of which I inclose. From some cause I have received no answer.

IV. I heretofore inclosed a copy of an order from the Secretary o War, in favor of Major Campbell Le Flore, of the Choctaw Nation, for 3,000 stand of arms, and a copy of an order based thereon from Colonel Gorgas, chief of Ordnance Bureau, on Major Price, ordnance officer, at Selma, Ala., for the same. These orders, dated February 20 last, it will be observed, entitle this district to 3,000 guns. Guns are, as I have frequently represented, sadly needed here. It is now nearly five months since these orders came to the possession of Major Le Flore, and so far as I know no steps have been taken to secure them. I believe it would be far better for the Indian Territory that the general commanding should take hold of this matter. If General Smith will give the necessary authority and facilities I will send an ordnance officer at once for the guns. I herewith inclose official copies of the original orders left at these headquarters a day or two since by Governor Garland, principal chief of this nation. These orders I have been unofficially advised were recently demanded by the council of Major Le Flore. I am satisfied that a statement from General Smith as to the necessity ofthe guns will secure them, and for great security a telegraphic dispatch from him, in favor of the agent, sent to the President asking that Major Price be ordered to deliver over the guns named in the order to Major Le Flore, would secure them. I ask this to avoid such delays as might occur in the event of a difficulty between the council and Major Le Flore. What I want are the guns to speedily finish arming these troops.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

S. B. MAXEY,

Major-General, Commanding.

---------------

*Not found; but see Maxey to Cooper, Vol XXXIV, Part IV. p. 697.

---------------

