
is about 100 miles from each of the forts named. Gano's brigade, heretofore at Laynesport, has been moved up to Johnson's Station. I have orders to hold my force in readiness to co- operate in any movement made for the recovery of the Arkansas River Valley, and General McCulloch, commanding Northern Sub-District of Texas, to re- enforce or co- operate,as occasion may require. The possession of Little Rock, or some other strategic point below, is necessary to my movements on the Upper Arkansas Valley. I would therefore be glad to be advised of your positions and contemplated movements below, so that I can make corresponding moves and then co- operate more effectually than otherwise.

* * * * * *

I have the honor to be, general, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

S. B. MAXEY,

Major-General, Commanding.

[Inclosure Numbers 3.]

WAR DEPARTMENT, C. S. A.,

Richmond, Va., February 20, 1864.

Lieutenant General E. K. Smith, and other officers of the Trans- Mississippi Department, will afford all the facilities and aid in their power for the transportation of such arms as may be crossed to the west bank of the Mississippi River by Major Le Flore, under orders from the Ordnance Bureau.

JAMES A. SEDDON,

Secretary of War.

[Inclosure Numbers 4.]

Major Le Flore has permission to proceed to the Trans- Mississippi Department, without other passport than this from provost- marshal or other officers. Commanding generals and other officers will afford him all the facilities and aid in their power for the transportation of the arms intrusted to his care.

JAMES A. SEDDON,

Secretary of War.

[Inclosure Numbers 5.]

WAR DEPARTMENT, C. S. A., ORDNANCE BUREAU,

Richmond, February 20, 1864.

Major T. H. PRICE,

On Ordnance Duty, &amp;c., Selma, Ala.:

MAJOR: You are hereby authorized to turn over to Major Campbell Le Flore, for the use of the Indians in the Trans- Mississippi Department, 3,000 stand of arms, 1,000 of which will be rifles. These arms will be transported in the trains in your charge and placed ont he other side of the Mississippi River, and there taken charge of by Major Le Flore, who acts under the approval of the Secretary of War.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

J. GORGAS,

Colonel and Chief of Ordnance.

[JULY 16, 1864.- For Lee to Smith, in relation to withdrawal of Union forces from Louisiana, see Part I, p. 89.]

64 R R- VOL XLI, PT II

