
FORT LEAVENWORTH, July 9, 1864.

General FISK, Glasgow, Mo.:

About eighty bushwhackers, some of them strangers in rebel uniform, some neighborhood sympathizers and paw Paws, entered Parkville about 6 a. m. and made everybody prisoners, robbed the stores, murdered Federal soldiers who were on furlough, wounded a citizens and his wife, and moved away with their spoil. They said they had the country and would hold it. Immediate vengeance should follow the path they trod. Double the same taken should be taken the sympathizers in the vicinity. News of about 100 bushwhackers threatening Weston brought the mayor and leading men to me asking protection. I telegraphed to your headquarters and in your absence your adjutant requested my intervention. At dark I have an ample force in Weston.

S. R. CURTIS,

Major-General.

CONFIDENTIAL.] BOTTOM OPPOSITE PARKVILLE,

July 9, 1864.

Brigadier-General FISK:

DEAR SIR: The Union men of Parkville are on this side of the river, but their families are not over. There are many families of Union soldiers now in the army on the Parkville side who are alarmed, and if we take ours away there will be a rush and much suffering among them. Can we have any protection? Soldiers that stay a day or so and leave are worse than none, for then secret vengeance is taken on Union men. I suppose you have ere this an account of the attack. The Union men were most providentially favored. While they rushed to the quarters the Unions escaped through the pickets. There were only ten Union boys at the quarters. I had been watching all night, and had just laid down. I gathered my gun and ran toward the quarters, but met the bushwhackers and turned and ran. They fired and called to halt, but they did not offer sufficient inducements. Our nurserymen and his wife were both shot through the breast. I sent word to the secesh doctor that we would hold him responsible for the wounded if they were not well tended, and provided them with nurses. They shot Brink after he surrendered. They swore Platte County belonged to them, and they had it and would return and finish up their work. They went to rob only Union men's houses. Mrs. Drienbon, whose husband is at Fort Smith, and others, were compelled to give up their money. The Thirty Paw Paws were stationed four miles out, and the ten or twenty Union lambs without a shepherd here just a bait. Captain Taylor, from Jackson, County, commanded. There were some of Quantrill's and Jackson County men, and some eight or ten who were with Paw Paws here last winter. It is reported some crossed from Jackson County yesterday.

Now for some facts touching the Paw Paws: During the attack, bushwhackers collected the secesh by the mill; among them Lieutenant Nash and Captain Ford. Afterward they were seen around with the bushwhackers very friendly. Mrs. Kahm and others saw him. One of the Paw Paws came in and went among them while they were firing. Another was seen showing them were the Union men lived and laughing. Another Paw Paw said they would not fire on Confederate soldier, and they would not hurt them. Paw Paws and Confederate soldiers understand each other. They are a cloak. The have civil

