
in maintaining itself the cavalry might be re- enforced by infantry from Arkansas and by recruiting within our State. But the main point of view from which I suggest such an expedition is, that it amy take off some of the pressure on us in Virginia and Georgia. On the return of General Smith to Shreveport I design to suggest his consideration of such a diversion in case Canby's attitude at New Orleans does not threaten a speedy advance up Red River.

The main object of this letter is to learn from you at your earliest convenience in a few lines whether you approve of such an expedition; whether you would be willing to take command of it (which is specially desirable), or whether it should be intrusted to Shelby alone. I presume his command (said to be between 3,000 and 4,000 strong) and a brigade from Marmaduke's are all that could be spared, but your name would largely increase it on its entrance into Missouri.

Early's expedition in Virginia and Maryland is not reassuring. If a design to induce Grant to send troops after him, it will fail. It looks very much like the style of military blundering usual with Bragg- a repetition of the strategy by which last winter he sent off Longstreet to Knoxville, and thereby so weakened himself as to let Grant over- whelm him near Chattanooga. If induced by a scarcity of provisions at Richmond, produced by Grant's raids on our railroads west of that city,it is almost alarming. It cannot be from a surplus of force on our side in Virginia, for, if so, why was he not sent to Johnston! The latter seems barely able to hold his own. He would surely not have given up the Etowah Iron- Works and the great manufacturing region of North Georgia unless their defense had been desperate. Activity, energy, and running some risk in this department by an inroad into Missouri amy turn the scale in his favor.

Thanking you greatly for th Saint Louis Democrat of the 2nd instant, I remain, very truly, yours,

THOS. C. REYNOLDS
HEADQUARTERS DISTRICT OF INDIAN TERRITORY,Fort Towson, C. N., July 19, 1864.

The subjoined proceedings of the Cherokee troops on re- enlisting or the war, together with the remarks of the major- general commanding thereon, were by an oversight not published at the time they were prepared,and ware now published for the benefit of the troops an people of the district.

By command of Major-General Maxey:

T. M. SCOTT,

Assistant Adjutant-General.
HEADQUARTERS DISTRICT OF INDIAN TERRITORY,In Camp, June 28, 1864.

The ernest attention of the people of the Indian Territory is called to the action of the Cherokee troops on re- enlisting for the war. By the fortunes of war the Cherokees are for the time being exiles. Their beautiful land is in the hands of a cruel and relentless foe. By a strange infatuation, and misguided by the treachery of their leaders, a portion of the people of this nation went over to the enemy. "Watie and his men" have been from the very beginning as true as the needle to the north star. Wherever opportunity offered they have not failed to strike.

