
In the midst of the unparalleled inclemency of the past winter they were battling with the foe.

The enemy have felt ofttimes the blows of the Cherokees. They have made their names a household word. Now they come forward unanimously at the call of their country, and add fresh luster to their renown by re- enlisting for the war. Men of the allied nations do likewise! By untied and prompt action the whole Indian Territory will be redeemed and peace again smile within our borders.

S. B. MAXEY,

Major- General, Commanding.
HEADQUARTERS FIRST INDIAN BRIGADE,Camp on Limestone Prairie, C. N. June 27, 1864.

A meeting composed of the different Cherokee commands assembled this day, agreeably to previous notice.

On motion, Colonel Stand Watie was unanimously elected president of the meeting and Lieutenant H. T. Martin was elected secretary.

The object of the meeting was explained by major Scales, which was to take into consideration the subject of entering the Confederate service for the period of during th war. Colonel Adiar submitted the following resolution:

Resolved, That the president of this meeting appoint a committee of five to draft resolutions relative to entering the Confederate service for the period of during th war and report at 6 p. m.

The resolution was rad and adopted, and the following- named officers were appointed said committee: Colonel W. P. Adair, Second Cherokee Regiment; Captain W. H. Shannon, Second Cherokee Regiment; Captain James Stuart, First Cherokee Regiment; Captain John Spears, First Cherokee Battalion; Major J. A. Scales, First Cherokee Battalion.

There being no further business, on motion by Colonel Adair,the meeting adjourned to meet at 6 p. m. when the resolutions would be read to the offices and men on dress parade, to be adopted or otherwise.

H. T. MARTIN,

Secretary.

6 P. M.- On dress parade,the following- prepared resolution by the select committee was read, to wit;

Whereas the final issue ofthe present struggle between the North and South involves the destiny of the Indian Territory alike with that of the Confederate Stats: Therefore,

Resolved, That we, the Cherokee Troops, C. S. Army, do unanimously re- enlist as soldiers for the war, be it long or short.

Approved:

JOHN SPEARS,

Chairman.

W. P. ADAIR.

JAS. STUART.

W. H. SHANNON.

J. A. SCALES.

The question being taken on its adoption by regiments and battalion, it was unanimously adopted.

STAND WATIE,

President

H. T. MARTIN,

Secretary.

