
They are hardly respectable brigades, and the two should be reorganized into one division. I hope you will pardon this long digression in view of my earnest desire to promote the efficiency of your army and your own interests, both of which are very dear to me. The present organization of your army is absurd, mischievous,and abominable, and productive of great harm to you and above all to the country. But to return to the news. At Richmond everybody is determined and hopeful. no one doubts the ability of Lee to defend that city. His army is invincible, and it is sustained by the bravest, the most true hearted, and the most devotedly heroic people that live on the earth. Never have I seen such courage,such constancy, such all- sacrificing patriotism, such unmurmuring endurance, such confidence, such enthusiasm, such glorious patriotism as that whole population manifests. No one can look upon Lee's army and witness the conduct and the bearing ofthe people of Virginia without feeling that that army is invincible and that that people is unconquerable. We are now awaiting the result of Early's movement toward Washington. It has been universally condemned as unwise and fraught with mischief and disaster to our arms. I hope that I shall be able to send you news from it before I dispatch Hardesty. Our greatest danger is in Georgia- in fact, our only danger. Sherman is pressing upon Johnston with overwhelming numbers and may force him to abandon the great part of Georgia and Alabama. Johnston has, however, an splendid army, which admires him enthusiastically and which will fight under him to the death. He will not join battle till he can do so with the certainty of victory. The only fear is that the Government will compel him to fight or to ask to be relieved. I cannot believe that this fear is well founded. You will learn the details of the situation from the newspapers which I send, of which there are continuous files from the 1st of July. General Maury is still in command at Mobile and is vigorously preparing to defend it against the land and naval attack which now threaten it. He is very confident of his ability to repel the enemy. The general and all his staff continue to be your warm admirers and friends, and beg to be most respectfully and affectionately remembered to yo. Lieutenant General S. D. Lee had a series of fights with the enemy near Tupelo last week and succeeded in driving them back, though with heavy loss to ourselves. Forrest was slightly wounded in the shoulder. The Missouri brigade has suffered very greatly in the Georgia campaign. They have already lost between 400 and 500 officers and men. Cockrell lost tow fingers a few day ago, and old Gates received a wound which made him perfectly furious. He is the same gallant old hero that he used to be, and is still known as the bravest of the brave. By the way, I saw General Pemberton, now Lieutenant-Colonel Pemberton, in Richmond, and he spoke of the Missouri troops in terms of the most exaggerated praise, saying that they were the best troops in all the world, &amp;c. I have not been to see them yet and have seen very few of them, but all that I have seen appear to remember you with as much love and pride as ever. Bledsoe was said to have been killed in one of the late fights, but the report was untrue. He has not drank any liquor for many a month.

I inclose Pflager's commission, or rather send it herewith. Hereafter make all applications of this character to the general commanding the Department of the Trans- Mississippi, who is authorized to act in most cases, and whose indorsement is required in all other cases. I found much difficulty in getting any attention paid to Pflager's case,and

