
same kindness as before and to believe that I shall always esteem it a privilege to labor for you. Remember me affectionately to all of my old friends. I need not name them. I hope that they are too many to name. I know that I could not begin to name all to whom my own heart clings affectionately. Colonel Mhoon sends his kindest regards to you and to his friends with you, and there are many others who have requested me to remind you of their continued love and admiration, for you are as popular as ever with the people everywhere.

Please send a courier over every two or three weeks,and get Maclean, McPheeters, Cabell, or some ofthe rest to write me a detailed account of what is going on. If the courier crosses near Bolivar he ought to come straight here to col. J. J. Mhoon's,near Tibbee Station, and Colonel Mhoon will forward his dispatches to me. An arrangement of this nature will be of essential service to you. Without if you and your friends must expect to be misrepresented all the time. Again, with love to you all, I am,yours,respectfully and faithfully,

THOMAS L. SNEAD,
SPECIAL ORDERS, ADJT. AND INSP. GENERAL'S OFFICE, Numbers 171. Richmond, July 21, 1864.

* * * * * *

By command ofthe Secretary of War:

SAML. W. MELTON,Assistant Adjutant-General.

ORDNANCE OFFICE, TRANS- MISSISSIPPI DEPARTMENT,

Selma, July 21, 1864.

General S. PRICE:

GENERAL: I forwarded a few weeks since 831 stand of arms, which you reported went safely across the river, with 68,000 rounds of ammunition, at a point above Helena. I send forward to- day 1,000 Enfield rifles, 300,000 musket caps,and 1,000 friction- primers, to cross near same point, intended for General Shelby's command. I am happy to say to you that after battling for eight months I have at last succeeded in organizing transportation for my purposes on this side,and I am now organizing an escort under orders from Secretary of War,and will be able to forward stores regularly, I hope. Will send next lot across at Gaines' Landing if circumstances will allow. The railroad being cut recently between Montgomery and Atlanta by a raid my supplies may be delayed from points east of here, and on this account the loss of Atlanta would be a disaster to us. I send you a paper. No news from home. Be pleased to hear from you.

Respectfully,

THOS. H. PRICE,

Major

