
and military power here. Major Clark was heard to say to Captain Ford: "We must do something for a show." If the Paw Paws are to rule, the sooner the Union men leave the country the better for them. Tell Governor Hall if he continues to arm these rebels to massacre our best citizens, "vengeance is mine saith the Lord." While they are marrying and giving in marriage, the cries of their suffering, wounded victims go up to Heaven. The few innocent Union boys in the quarters here were the objects of special hatred to the Paw Paws. But it is useless to say anything more. The weakest here all known the bushwhackers and Paw Paws are all on the same piece, having their different parts to acts. The worst guerrillas from the South come here under General Rosecrans' order to-day. No union man can be there. There will probably be a rebel organization. Will you inform General Rosecrans of these facts? He certainly does not know the state of things here. The plot I heretofore informed you of is being now carried out. The rebel camp in the pasture of Doctor Walker and Hughes has never been disturbed. They took breakfast at Walker's and Miller's the morning before they came to Parkville, and then told them to report to Major Clark - all right. They went back that way. It is estimated that eighty men came into town, and a company of Red Shirts, said by the secesh to be Quantrill's men, were in reserve in the woods. Now, they may be collecting for a raid, but they may, if not ready to collect to sweep the country, scatter among the secesh till they are ready. Nothing can save Platte County but a force from abroad. Please write me if there is any chance to get troops so we can stay. It is useless to be exposed any longer without any chance. We have no faith in present arrangements. Is there any chance of a change? If there is none, we are ruined without hope in the future. Who is responsible for the arming of these rebels? Must the State be taxed to pay them - O, the crime! the crime! Our bleeding friends are terrible witnesses. But I weary you and close. We know not what to do. Our property and our lives most of the time are at their mercy. Quantrill's asssassins are scouting all through the woods. We see them on the bluffs. Secesh receive them with open arms, and they hide and feed them when they scatter, and go with them when needed.

Respectfully,

GEO. S. PARK.

FORT LEAVENWORTH, July 9, 1864.

Brigadier-General McKEAN:

Glad you put McLain in command at Lawrance. I will send engineer to lay out a small redoubt on heights. Have already laid out one at Topeka. Think we better have one at Olathe and Paola. Have some siege guns that can be used.

S. R. CURTIS,

Major-General.

PAOLA, KANS., July 9, 1864.

Major-General CURTIS, Fort Leavenworth:

The works contemplated to be erected here and at Olathe will be suspended until the engineer you spoke of can come and lay them.

THOS J. McKEAN,

Brigadier-General, Commanding District.

