
CAMDEN, ARK., July 22, 1864.

Governor T. C. REYNOLDS,

Marshall, Tex:

MY DEAR GOVERNOR: Your favor of the 18th reached my yesterday. I thank you for th suggestions it contains. In view ofthe importance of an early expedition into Missouri you ask whether it could not be made by cavalry alone in the event of unavoidable delay in the advance ofthe whole army and the recovery of Little Rock,and whether I approve of such an expedition and would be willing to take command of it. I consider such an expedition practicable, and in the contingency you suggest desirable and important. If it is not General Smith's purpose to concentrate the troops and take possession of the Arkansas Valley I would like to take command of the expedition. You will see from the paper I inclose you that our forces are in possession of Platte City,and that our cause is in the ascendant in many parts of the State. It is significant that a company of State troops, sent to defend Platte City, went over in a body,with their arms, to the Confederates. MY opinion is that the people of Missouri are ready for a general uprising, and that the time was never more propitious for an advance of our forces into Missouri. Our friends should be encouraged and supported promptly. Delay will be dangerous. Unsustained, they may be overwhelmed by superior numbers, become dispirited,a nd, finally, disheartened and hopeless. i have confidence of the happiest results from the expedition you suggest. In my judgment,the reports of expeditions being fitted out by General Canby to penetrate the Trans-Mississippi Department by way of Red River or other routes are canards,intended to deceive and mislead and to prevent an advance in Missouri. Please send the paper oft eh 13th to General Smith, if he has returned. You can also show him this hastily- written letter.

Yours, truly,

STERLING PRICE.

HAVANA, July 22, 1864.

Major General J. B. MAGRUDER,

Commanding District of Texas, &amp;c., Houston:

GENERAL: I have the honor to acknowledge the receipt of your note of the 6th ultimo, and to thank you for recommending the adoption, by the Texas cotton office, ofthe suggestions contained in my letters to you of the 20th and 23rd of May. Through Captain Edmund P. Turner, assistant adjutant- general on your staff, under date 9th instant, you request to be informed by each blockade runner the state ofthe health of the city of Havana, wit a view to such sanitary regulations as will be necessary to keep your command free of yellow fever. I will keep you regularly advised ont he subject. At this time their are about the usual number of cases for the season ofthe year,but of a mild type; some ten days ago the number was greater . I should think a quarantine of ten to fifteen days of vessels free of fever on arrival would be sufficient to protect your command against the introduction of yellow fever from Havana, especially in cases where the crews were obtained here, being generally acclimated.

I am, general, with great respect, you obedient servant,

CH. J. HELM.

