HEADQUARTERS TRANS- MISSISSIPPI DEPARTMENT,Shreveport, July 25, 1864

Major General J. G. WALKER,

Commanding District of West Louisiana, Alexandria:

GENERAL: I find your letter of 19th of June in the office,a nd will answer as soon as I get a moment's leisure. Since the sentence in Rachal's case has been made known, repeated and urgent appeals have been made to mein is favor. He should be made to feel that his only hope of escape is in a full, complete, and truthful testimony in the McKee case,with a promise of pardon where personally implicated. Though the power of carrying the sentence into execution rests with the power ordering the curt, yet I request that the sentence may not be carried into execution without forwarding the proceeding and referring the case to department headquarters. Under the general authority given my by the President, I have in one case already commuted the sentence of death to confinement during the war in the Texas penitentiary. This power, under the Articles of War, belongs to the President yet, under his instruction, I have felt authorized, in extreme cases, to exercise it, subject to his approval.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

E. KIRBY SMITH,

General, Commanding.
HDQRS. CONFEDERATE FORCES IN NORTH, ARKANSAS,Jacksonport, Ark., July 25, 1864.

Major General J. F. FAGAN,

Commanding Division:

GENERAL: On to- morrow morning a force o armed men, under Colonel McCray, will leave this point with the intention of striking the Little Rock railroad, about Brownsville, which point they will reach about Friday or Saturday next. I shall at the same time move down White River with another column for the purpose of blockading it below and in the vicinity of Clarendon. I expect to reach this point at the same time that Colonel McCray does the railroad. A demonstration made by you against the railroad between Brownsville and Little Rock at that time would materially assist me, and I would respectfully request that such a demonstration be made by you if possible. This demonstration, if made, should continue through Saturday and Sunday, and longer still if practicable.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

JO. L. SHELBY,

Brigadier- General, Commanding.

SHREVEPORT, July 26, 1864.

Major General J. B. MAGRUDER,

Houston:

General Smith does not wish you to occupy Saluria. He will write you fully on the subject. Orders have been sent you organizing the Labor Bureau. Assign a field officer to take charge as commandant.

W. R. BOGGS,

Brigadier-General and Chief of Staff.

65 R R- VOL XLI, PT II

