HDQRS. DEPARTMENT OF ALA., MISS., AND EAST LA.,Meridian, Miss., July 27, 1864.

His Excellency JEFFERSON DAVIS,

Richmond, Va.;

SIR: I again write to urge my opinion in regard to an expedition through Arkansas, Missouri, &amp;c., which I wrote to you about on the 23rd and 25th instant.

If General Price can enter Missouri he can get at least from 10,000 to 15,000 men, if not more. All he will want will be arms, accounterments, &c., which are in Saint Louis in abundance. One of the commands, General Magruder's or General Taylor's,can return for these, while the balance cross the river an conduct the campaign as proposed. I see no objection just now, being well informed in regard to the situation of that country at present. I hope my views will meet with some consideration from Your Excellency,a nd that I may hear from you. Direct to me here, care of Captain S. F. Pennington, depot quartermaster, as I may be ordered on duty in a few days, and he will forward them to me.

I am,with much respect, Your Excellency's most obedient servant,

J. HENRY BEHAN,

Captain and Assistant Commissary of Subsistence.
SPECIAL ORDERS, ADJT. AND INSP. GENERAL'S OFFICE, Numbers 176. Richmond, July 27, 1864.

* * * * * *

XLIX. So much of paragraph VIII, Special Orders, Numbers 114, current series, as refers to Brig General F. T. Nichols, Provisional Army, C. S. and paragraph XIV, Special Orders, Numbers 117, current series, referring to Colonel R. E. Burke, of Second Regiment Louisiana Volunteers,a re hereby revoked,ad Brigadier-General Nicholls and Colonel Burke are assigned to duty with General E. K. Smith, commanding, &c., Shreveport, La.

By command of th Secretary of War:

SAML. W. MELTON,Assistant Adjutant- General.

SPECIAL ORDERS, HEADQUARTERS WEST SUB- DISTRICT, Numbers 68. Columbus, July 27, 1864.

Captain Armstrong, with the detachment he took to Houston, will return to this place with his command as soon as he has delivered the Federal prisoners to the proper authorities. On arriving at Alleyton he will direct the detachment left by him at that place to join his command. He will then proceed to San Antonio by the most direct route and take charge of the three ammunition wagons which are to proceed to Laredo for Colonel Ford's command. Captain Armstrong will order the lieutenant left in command at Alleyton to return to his detachment immediately. Captain Armstrong, on his arrival at Columbus,will report to these headquarters for further instructions

By command of Brigadier General Thomas F. Drayton:

W. KEARNY,

Actin Assistant Adjutant- General.

