
life, and which she herself in her conscience believed to be right and just. I omitted to state to you that our old friend, George L. Pollard, is dead. He died at Mrs. Graham's, I believe. I had not even learned that he had returned to Saint Louis until I heard of his death. It was announced (barely, and nothing more) in the Missouri Republican. I have been sick again since I wrote you, but am at my post of duty again.

Where are Colonel W. P. Johnson and General J. B. Clark!Will either of them come to this side of the Mississippi before the next session of Congress! Were you able to take our seat, or were you too late! Also Eddy Bredell! Do you know anything of him! Confiscation proceedings, I observe, have been commenced against the property devised to him by his grandmother. It is reported here that Mrs. J. W. Polk has at length been released from prison. I hope it is true. I have heard nothing from my family since I last wrote you. On what terms can Georgia and South Carolina money- that is, notes o the banks of those States- be exchanged for Confederate notes,new issue, or interest- bering old issues 7.30 per cent. per annum! I have some ofthe se bank notes which I was not able to exchange before I left the other side ofthe river.

All your friends here are well and anxious to be doing something.

Your friend.

TRUSTEN POLK.

P. S.- A Democrat of the 21st of July received here this morning, I am just now informed (I have not seen the paper myself), states that Mrs. Snead has been banished from Missouri. I don't know to what point or in what direction she is to be sent. Judge Watkins sends his regards.

[JULY 28, 1864.- For Boggs to Taylor and Walker, relating to transfer of troops across the Mississippi, see Part I. pp. 90,91.]

CLINTON, LA., July 29, 1864.

General E. K. SMITH,

Commanding Trans- Mississippi Department:

GENERAL; By direction of General Bragg I forward to you from this point orders herewith inclosed, and in his name earnestly urge you to their prompt execution. I am also directed by the general to give you briefly a summary of the military situation on this side in order that you may yourself see the pressing necessity for th movement of your troops across the Mississippi River. At Petersburg General Lee has a formidable army in his front and in a position whence it can at all times seriously interrupt his communications south. Early, with his corp in the Valley, is meeting resistance, and his whole command is required there to protect and get out the grain and prevent an advance from that quarter. No troops can possibly be spared from Virginia for other points; and the sea- board is well nigh stripped,a few troops, hardly sufficient for its protection, remaining at Charleston. General Hood's army (formerly Johnston's) has retired to the immediate vicinity of Atlanta, and Sherman is threatening that place with an army superior in numbers and in fine condition. The Federal cavalry

