
[Inclosure Numbers 3.]

MONTGOMERY, July 23, 1864.

Brigadier- General LIDDELL:

Send this dispatch also:

Generals SMITH, TAYLOR, WALKER, or POLIGNAC:

The movement of troops ordered by the President should be executed with the least possible delay. If the trains for the troops cannot be bought over, the horses, mules, and harness should be brought at all event. I will have supplies collected for your troops on this side of the Mississippi, but you had better send commissaries ahead.

S. D. LEE,

Lieutenant- General.

[JULY 29, 1864.- For Boggs to Walker and Douglas and Taylor to Boggs, in regard to transfer of troops across the Mississippi, see Part I, pp 91,92.]

WAR DEPARTMENT, C. S. A.,

Richmond, Va., July 29, 1864.

General B. BRAG,

Selma, Ala.:

It is very important that arms intended for the trans- Mississippi should be sent. The Ordnance Bureau has directed from other sources full supplies for General Hood's army. The President instructs me to request you, in your action, represented as authorizing suspension of transit of arms to trans- Mississippi, not to exceed the palpable necessity oft he case.

J. A. SEDDON,

Secretary of War.

WAR DEPARTMENT, C. S. A.,

Richmond, Va., July 29, 1864.

Major General T. C. HINDMAN,

Atlanta, Ga.:

GENERAL; Your letter making application for transfer to the Trans Mississippi Department, addressed to General Cooper, has been referred to me. On conference with the President on the subject he made the following indorsement:

A transfer and assignment to the Trans- Mississippi Department requires a previous inquiry as to a command there to which he an be consistently assigned. I would be pleased to relieve General Hindman of the embarrassment described in any practicable and proper manner. Physical disability for immediate service would justify a leave of absence.

I regret to say I know, and, upon inquiry, can receive intelligence of no command in the Trans- Mississippi Department to which you could be appropriately assigned. Indeed, there are already in that department more major-generals than division to be commanded,a nd appointments warmly recommended have been declined by the President because he did not deem that suitable employment could be found for the appointees. Very serious regret is felt by the Department at the physical disability and other causes that induce you to desire a transfer,

