
7,000 and 8,000 men. This information I have gathered from Major Lawrence (quartermaster), who, as a staff officer of General Shelby, is thoroughly and correctly informed.

I am, colonel, respectfully, your obedient servant,

J. F. BELTON,

Lieutenant-Colonel and Assistant Adjutant-General.

[AUGUST 1, 1864.- For Smith to Walker and Boggs to Walker, relating to transfer of troops across the Mississippi, see Part I, pp. 94, 95.]
HEADQUARTERS TRANS- MISSISSIPPI DEPARTMENT,Shreveport,, La., August 2, 1864.

Major-General PRICE,

Commanding District of Arkansas:

GENERAL: The general commanding directs that you send to the Mississippi River all the artillery that can be spared, especially rifled artillery, with such disposable force as may be necessary t maintain it for some time for the purpose of interrupting the navigation as much as possible. Important movements are being made below which require a strong demonstration to be made upon the river in your district.

I am, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

W. R. BOGGS,

Brigadier-General and Chief of Staff.
HEADQUARTERS TRANS- MISSISSIPPI DEPARTMENT,Shreveport, La., August 3, 1864.

General BRAXTON BRAGG,

C. S. Army, Richmond, Va.:

GENERAL: I have the honor to acknowledge the receipt of your communication of the 23rd [22nd] ultimo from Columbus, Ga. I inclose you copies of my letters to Lieutenant-General Taylor on this subject, also copy of a letter* to Major-General Walker, commanding District of West Louisiana, ofthe 1st instant. I shall go to Alexandria, and will spare no efforts to secure the successful crossing ofthe troops. The force which accompanies General Taylor incudes all the infantry in the District of West Louisiana, except one small regiment. It comprises the divisions of Walker and Polignac and the Louisiana brigade of General Allen Thomas, f force of six brigades, numbering between 9,000 and 10,000 men. There remains int he District of Texas 2,880 infantry by the last report of June 30, and in the District of Arkansas 5,300 infantry. My information from Arkansas does not indicate the withdrawal of any portion of General Steele's force. The operations of our cavalry have kept him constantly employed,and have rather strengthened than weakened him in his position. For the interests of this department I regret the necessity which compels the removal ofthe infantry under General Taylor to the east bank of the Mississippi. It leaves me powerless to resist any movement of the enemy made in force.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

E. KIRBY SMITH,

General, Commanding.

---------------

*See Part I, pp. 90, 93, 94.

---------------

