
Your friends are all well. The health of the infantry was near better. The cavalry is suffering from the unwholesome influences ofthe basion. Maclean is here waiting events. I am still nominally paymaster of Parsons' division, but having no money to pay I am living quietly with Doctor Wooten, whose family have arrived on a visit to him. We are all much concerned to learn that Mrs. Snead had been ordered to be banished to Dixie. The internality of the Yankees may induce them to send her to this department, as General Polk's family wee sent the other side when he was known to be on this side. You need no assurance that should Mrs. Snead arrive in Arkansas your friends will do everything possible for her comfort. John W. Polk, who has been waiting on Red Fork for his wife, wrote on 19th of June that she had been released. We have heard nothing from him since.

I inclose a letter for my brother Grattan. You will confer a real favor on my if you will write to tel him how to direct his letters so that I can get them. I suggest that thy be inclosed to you to be forwarded.

Present me kindly to General Maury and to Colonel Mhoon. We have no reliable accounts from Atlanta since those brought by Hardesty. The Yanks claim a decided advantage ont eh 22nd and all fights preceding.

Yours, very truly,

E. C. CABELL.

P. S.- General P [rice] reached Shreveport safely. When he returns Hardesty will be started back to you with a big mail.

E. C. C.

WASHINGTON, [ARK.,] August 5, 1864.

Mr. SEDDON:

SIR: I take occasion,m as I have a good opportunity to send a letter, to write you a few words. Our country is comparatively quiet; people untied and hopeful. The enemy at Little Rock, but with a very small force. We feel sure we will dispossess them of that point this fall. We have every prospect of making plenty to feed the people and the army. With General Smith I believe our people are well satisfied. Of the very unfortunate difficulty between him and General Taylor I hear nothing till I got home and have not heard much of it here, but I regret and deplore it. I thought and hoped we wee all harmony here once more, and I do hope this matter will be settled without trouble. Now, since Fagan is major- general, with Smith, Price,a nd him (Fagan) we are content, and believe the operations here will be successful. I have heard a move was being made t bring General Hindman over here. General H. in the field under the proper officer, I believe to be available officer, but his coming here will be productive of evil I greatly fear. His course when here is still fresh in the minds of the people, and will not be forgotten soon, and I am satisfied his coming here will revive bad and evil feeling, that have to some extent passed away. I hope, therefore, the Department will not send General H. here, but leave us with those we have, in whom we have confidence, and to whom we are willing to trust our fate. I hope to leave here by 10th of October for Richmond. With my best wishes for your health and happiness, I am, very truly, your health and happiness, I am, very truly, your friend,

A. H. GARLAND.

