HEADQUARTERS DISTRICT OF WEST LOUISIANA,Alexandria, August 5, 1864.

Brigadier General W. R. BOGGS,

Chief of Staff:

GENERAL; In acknowledging the receipt of your communication* of the 3rd instant, Numbers 3565, I have only to reiterate the opinion expressed in my not to you of the 31st ultimo, in reverence to Thomas' brigade. I do not consider it "any further impossible" for the men of that brigade to cross the Mississippi than the men of any other command, but in their present state of disorganization they would be rather an incumbrance than a re- enforcement to the army east of the Mississippi. Nearly 1,700 men belonging to the brigade are scattered through the State, at their homes, and it will be some time before they can be gotten into camp, notwithstanding the stringent measures I have taken to bring them in. If the brigade is ordered across the river now these men will never be brought into the service, and a large number of those now in camp, demoralized by a year's idleness at their homes, will desert at a moment when it will be too late to have them arrested. If, however,the brigade is permitted to perfect its re- organization, in a space of six weeks at farthest a brigade of 2,500 to 3,000 excellent soldiers will be ready to take the field and to cross the Mississippi if necessary.

I am,general, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

J. G. WALKER,

Major-General, Commanding.
SPECIAL ORDERS, HEADQUARTERS CHURCHILL'S DIVISION, Numbers 57. Camp Yell, August 5, 1864.

* * * * *

III. First Lieutenant A. C. Sharp, one sergeant,a nd ten men are temporarily detached from Captain Cook's company cavalry for courier duty at these headquarters.

IV. Captain Cook, commanding company cavalry, will report forthwith with his entire command to Brigadier-General Hawthorn, at Monticello.

V. First Lieutenant A. C. Sharp, General Churchill's escort, is hereby ordered to proceed to Hot Springs County as bearer of instructions to Captain A. V. Cook, commanding scouts in said county, which being accomplished he will report back to these headquarters for duty.

By command of Brigadier-General Tappan:

B. S. JOHNSON,Major and Assistant Adjutant- General.

HDQRS. DIST. OF TEXAS, N. MEXICO, AND ARIZONA,

OFFICE OF THE CHIEF OF ARTILLERY,

Galveston, August 6, 1864.

Brigadier- General HAWES,

Commanding, &amp;c:

GENERAL: I am instructed by the major- general commanding to inclose the within order. The major- general commanding desires the 8- inch shell gun from South Battery (Fort S. Sherman) to be sent as early to- morrow morning as possible, on a steamer, to Mud Island

See Part I, p. 96.

