
to replace the 30- pounder Parrott which will have been withdrawn. It is of great importance that all the guns mentioned in the order should, be in Houston by Tuesday's train, and the major- general commanding directs that you cause the orders to be executed with the utmost dispatch. I am, general, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

G. A. MAGRUDER, JR.,

Major and Chief of Artillery.

[Inclosure.]
SPECIAL ORDERS, HDQRS. DIST. OF TEX., N. MEX., AND ARIZ., Numbers 218. Houston, August 5, 1864.

1. In pursuance of orders from department headquarters all siege guns mounted on siege carriages will be collected at Houston without delay, with their caissons and appropriate ammunition and all equipments. in addition to the above guns, the following guns ordered from department headquarters to be mounted on siege carriages, will be sent to Houston, viz:

The 20- pounder Parrotts from Mud Island; 30- pounder Dahlgren from Fort Sulakowski; 30- ponder Parrott from steamer J. F. Carr; 30- pounder Parrott from Sabine Pass; Sawyer gun now at Houston. The ammunition and implements and all equipments of these last- mentioned six guns will be sent with these guns, but not their carriages. On their arrival at Houston they will be turned over to Captain H. T. Scott ofthe ordnance department. Their ammunition and carriages,implements,and equipments, will be examined and put in the best condition. The two 32- pounder field howitzers from Sabine Pass will be sent to Houston, carriages and everything complete. Commanding officers ofthe posts at which these guns are, and offices having them in charge, will be held responsible that they, with their ammunition, implements, &amp;c., as above specified, are transported with- out delay to Houston.

By command of Major-General Magruder:

EDMUND P. TURNER,Assistant Adjutant-General.

CIRCULAR.] OFFICE EXAMINING BOARD, DIST. OF IND. TER.,

Fort Towson, C. N., August 6, 1864.

I. The board of examiners for this district, appointed by Special Orders, Numbers 201, paragraph VIII, headquarters Trans- Mississippi Department, will convene at the headquarters of Gano's brigade on the 10th of September proximo, or as soon thereafter as practicable.

II. All officers who failed to pas satisfactory examinations at the last meeting of the board will be cited to appear at the above- mentioned time and place, and all officers who have been elected or prompted to fill vacancies created since that time will also appear before this board. These officers will be designated and notified to appear by Brigadier- General Gano.

III. For the information of all interested the following course of examination is announced for cavalry officers, viz:

Fro lieutenants, tactics embracing school ofthe trooper, company and squadron, as cavalry, and company drill as infantry; guard police, and outpost duty; duties of officers ofthe day and guard; administrative duties for company commanders.

