
For captains, the same as for lieutenants,and the school of the battalion for infantry.

For field officers, the same as for captains, with these additions: Administrative duties of regimental commanders; duties of a field and general officer ofthe day; evolutions of the line or brigade drill as infantry, and battalion frill as cavalry.

IV. Should there be other offices in the district who are liable to appear before an examining board they will be cited by their respective brigade or division commanders to appear at this meeting of the board, as it is designed to complete the work of examination for the district to the latest date possible.

E. E. PORTLOCK, JR.,

Colonel and President Examining Board.

By order of Major-General Maxey:

T. M. SCOTT,

Assistant Adjutant- General.
HEADQUARTERS TRANS- MISSISSIPPI DEPARTMENT,Alexandria, August 7, 1864.

Major General J. G. WALKER,

Commanding District of West Louisiana:

GENERAL: You will without delay order tow brigades of cavalry, with two batteries of horse artillery to the District of Arkansas. The old division of General Green, comprising th brigades of Hardeman and Lane, are preferred. If General Bagby can be transferred to the command of that division he should be sent in command. The four remaining brigades of cavalry of General Wharton's corps will be sufficient for the purpose of the district, and for co- operation in crossing or the troops to the east back oft he Mississippi River.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

E. KIRBY SMITH,

General.

[AUGUST 7, 1864.- For Smith to Taylor and Smith to Walker, relating to transfer of troops to east side of the Mississippi, &amp;c., see Part I, pp. 99, 100.]
HDQRS CONFEDERATE FORCES IN NORTH, ARKANSAS,Fitzhugh's, August 7, 1864.

Colonel T. H. McCRAY,

Commanding Brigade:

COLONEL: Your communication of yesterday is received, and in reply General Shelby directs meto state that your suggestion would not be practicable at present, inasmuch as by your encampment at Searcy for the past week the attention of the enemy is closely drawn in that direction, and any movement in force would be detected before anything commensurate with the fore proposed could be accomplished.

