
viz, messrs. Tusy Guess, John Chambers, and William Arnold. Copies of official letters will be furnished you for your information in regard to th object of this general council of all the tribes.

Since the campaign opened last spring our prospects have been brightening. Confederate arm, so far as we have heard, have everywhere been victorious. In this department a vast and combined movement of the hostile armies toward Texas was signally checked and defeated early int he spring, a circumstance which should not be forgotten as explaining th seeming inertness for a time of our commander- in- chief, and as illustrating his consummate prudence an skill as well as the courage and discipline of he army. This success may well justify a hope that with the blessing of Providence upon th valor of our troops, our people may ere long return to their country and homes in peace.

East of th Mississippi the war, at last accounts, was raging with the convulsive fury of a final struggle. The numerical strength ofthe enemy in the field is enormous, their means ample, and this power, raised for our destruction, is not contemptibly wielded. Against this threatening prospect are opposed an army which has not in all the terrible conflicts of this war failed to show a bold and progressive front; a general who has not his equal on earth, surrounded and aided by subordinate commanders scarcely inferior in capacity; and, above all, a cause which we know to be sacred. Whatever intelligence, therefore, we may receive of military operations in that quarter, we amy securely expect a final triumph; and to this glorious result it is our privilege to conduce by a faithful and determined discharge of duty here in council and in the field.

STAND WATIE.

WASHINGTON, ARK., August 8, 1864.

Hon JAMES A. SEDDON:

SIR: Since I wrote you the other day I have heard a report, now quite generally circulated,that the Louisiana troops on this side the 	Mississippi River have been ordered to the other side, and son all other troops now here would be ordered on the other side. This surly cannot be. I know of nothing that would cause more disaster to our country than this. Our troops here will not go; they will throw down their arms first. Our people are more united and determined now than they have ever been but a move like this will cause disaffection to spring up among us at once. Th experiment will be followed by consequences too frightful to attempt it. The southern portion of the State is quiet, easy, and amply supplied,and will be able to support the troops. Now permit me to appeal to you to prevent this if any such thing is in contemplation. You know I	 have often told you our people were sore on the idea that they were neglected by the authorities at Richmond. But by assurances from myself and the senators and other representatives, they have to a great degree become reconciled, but a move like this will convince them beyond all controversy will not, if possible, allow this to be done. our Governor goes on to Richmond and he will confer fully and freely with you. I ask for him you kind attention.

Truly, your friend,

A. H. GARLAND.

