
now awaiting transportation to New York. Captain Benjamin Nields, First Delaware Battery, will chief of artillery of the Nineteenth Army Corps by virtue of seniority.

* * * * * *

V. Paragraph III, Special Orders, Numbers 61, current series, from these headquarters, granting Colonel N. A. M. Dudley, Thirtieth Massachusetts Volunteers, permission to remain in this city until further orders, is hereby revoked, and he will return to his regiments without delay. Captain Chauncey C. Dean, [Eighty-first] Regiment U. S. Infantry, Corps d'Afrique, who is now subject to Colonel Dudley's orders, will return to his regiments without delay.

* * * * * *

By order of Major General E. R. S. Canby:

C. T. CHRISTENSEN,

Major and Assistant Adjutant-General.

MORGANZA, July 10, 1864. (Received 8.15 a. m.)

Major CHRISTENSEN,

Assistant Adjutant-General:

Your dispatch, July 9, ordering a brigade and two batteries to be held in readiness to embark at a moment's notice is received, and will be complied with.

M. K. LAWLER,

Brigadier-General, Commanding.

NEW ORLEANS, July 10, 1864 - 2 p. m.

General LAWLER,

Morganza, La.:

The brigade and two batteries will be put in motion without delay and proceed to the mouth of White River and report to Brigadier General G. H. Gordon. The object of the movement is to keep open General Steele's communications with Little Rock, and if General Gordon is not found at the mouth of the White River the commanding officer will use his discretion, having the above object in view. Retain the transport boats with the command until further orders. Report what brigade and batteries go, their strength, and who commands them.

J. J. REYNOLDS,

Major-General.
HDQRS. NINETEENTH ARMY CORPS AND U. S. FORCES,Morganza, La., July 10, 1864.

Major W. M. LEVY,

Commissioner of Exchange, C. S. Army:

MAJOR: I have the honor to acknowledge the receipt of your communication of the 6th instant by the hands of Lieutenant A. P. Morse, C. S. Army, and to forward the following in reply from Colonel C. C. Dwight, U. S. Commissioner.

