
was only time for me to learn your wishes, without offering any suggestions, which I now do at the instance of General Walker, and also because I feel it to be my duty. major's division is now on the Tensas and Black Rivers in front ofthe enemy and are in my opinion necessary to cover important movements now in progress. The Second and Fourth Louisiana under Lieutenant-Colonel Blair, are in front ofthe enemy on the lower Teche. Bagby's division occupy the line of the Atchafalaya and are the only troops between the enemy and Alexandria. Parsons' brigade is en route for Harrisonburg to re- enforce Major's division. The State troops (about 1,100 strong) are on the march for Monroe to relieve Colonel Harrison, who, I am informed, will move to Arkansas. I respectfully suggest that Parson's brigade and Harrison's brigade, under General Steele (who is a good officer and familiar with the field of operations in Arkansas), may be ordered to that point. Parsons' brigade (with Carter's regiment, now in Texas, which can reach Arkansas almost as soon as troops from here |) is very full, an having operated in Arkansas would be more efficient there than any other troops of my command. I will then have left Major's division to cover the movement on hand and Bagby's division and Vincent's brigade (under Blair) to hold the lower Teche. If the movement in progress succeeds these troop[s,with Thomas' unarmed infantry brigade, will be the only troops remaining in this district. If Bagby is transferred himself in very earnest language on this subject. I am satisfied that if your views are carried out, it will destroy, partially, the efficiency of both commands and entirely the satisfaction that pervades both divisions. I trust that Harrison's and Parsons' brigades under General Steele will be deemed adequate to meet th pressure in Arkansas. If Bagby is sent as proposed, General Steele will report soon with his staff, which will augment my difficulties. It is unnecessary for me to say that eh harmony and efficiency of the troops are the only motives that dictate this communication and that it is no indisposition on my part to detach any particular division or any number o troops that you may deem necessary.

Most respectfully, general, your obedient servant,

JNO. A. WHARTON,

Major- General.
HDQRS. CONFEDERATE FORCES IN NORTH. ARKANSAS,August 9, 1864.

Colonel A. S. DOBBIN,

Commanding Brigade:

COLONEL: The brigadier-general commanding directs me to inform you that in pursuance of orders from district headquarters he will within the next ten days take up the line of march for the southside of the Arkansas River. He wishes you, therefore, to make all necessary preparation to accompany him with your command. He thinks it advisable to leave one or two companies in the section where you are now operating to protect the citizens against thieves and jayhawkers. He wishes you to give him your opinion on this subject as soon as possible, and also to inform him whether you prefer taking th lower route across the river with you command to accompanying him with the

