
main body. Your answers to these questions must be forwarded without delay in order that full instructions for the movement may be sent you in time. Collect all your absentees and allow no one to remain without orders from these headquarters. In case you determine to move in company with General Shelby you will move your entire command to this point immediately.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

J. P. CLENDENIN,

Captain and Assistant Adjutant-General.
HEADQUARTERS, &amp;C.,August 9, 1864.

Colonel T. R. FREEMAN,

Commanding Brigade:

General Shelby directs me to inform you that in obedience to orders from district headquarters he will move the entire force under his command to the south side of Arkansas River. You will commence immediately to collect together all men belonging to your command and move them by the 18th of this (August) month to the vicinity of Batesville, where you will establish a camp and await further orders from these headquarters. The general desires that you will not disclose to any officer or men in your command his intentions. The general commanding desires that the brigade commanders will use every effort in their power to take with them all men belonging to their respective commands. As soon as they arrive at Camden they will be clothed, armed, and equipped, and placed upon a good war footing. You will lose no time in getting your men together, calling in all outposts that you may have on the border, and revoking all furloughs that you may have given which extend beyond the time specified for your to reach Batesville. We have made application to move north. In all probability we may move in that direction, but in case we should be compelled to go south it is greatly to your interest that your regiments should be completed or as nearly so as possible, as it will influence to a great extent your promotion as a brigade commander. Should we receive orders to go north you will be informed of the fact as soon as practicable. You must bear in mind that it is of the utmost importance that these instructions must be kept a profound secret. Should this become known to any outside parties it will soon reach the Federals and disorganize our plans. You are the only brigade commander who has been informed of the intention of the general commanding. This is done in order to give you an opportunity of completing your brigade. As Colonels Dobbin, McCray, and Jackman have their brigades organized, each and all regiments filled up to the maximum number allowed by law, you will see the importance of collecting all your men together.

I am, colonel, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

W. J. McARTHUR,

Major and Assistant Adjutant-General.

[AUGUST 10, 1864.- For Butler to Bragg, relating to transfer o troops across the Mississippi, see part I, p. 103.]

