
TYLER, TEX., August 11, 1864.
Captain E. P. TURNER,

Assistant Adjutant-General, Galveston:

CAPTAIN: I have the honor to acknowledge the receipt, through Brigadier-General McCulloch, of an order directing that when ten companies from Reserve Corps report and relieve me here I will march my regiments to Harrisburg and report to Colonel Bankhead; and Brigadier-General McCulloch me that the ten companies have been ordered to relieve me. When they arrive I will march at once as directed. I have the honor to state that Colonel Sweet with part of his regiment (Fifteenth Texas Cavalry), about 150 men, is at Camp Ford, having been ordered from Shreveport to come and furnish men to assist in guarding prisoners. Colonel Sweet is my senior, and does not of course report to me, but is in camp at Camp Ford, and simply furnishes men daily from his command to assist my men in guard duty. When I am relieved by Reserve Corps companies shall I turn over command of post and prisoner to Colonel Sweet, or to the next officer in rank to myself then here?

I am, captain, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

T. SCOTT ANDERSON,

Colonel, Commanding Post.
HEADQUARTERS TRANS-MISSISSIPPI DEPARTMENT,Shreveport, August 11, 1864.

Major General STERLING PRICE:

GENERAL: I am directed by General E. Kirby Smith to say to you that he has ordered a division of Texas cavalry, under Brigadier-General Bagby, from this district to Arkansas to replace the cavalry that will leave your district. General Bagby is or soon will be in motion. He also says that he cordially you success in your movement northward, and, if practicable, on your return, he wishes you to bring back with you all the woolen goods and others articles that may be needed by our army that you can obtain. He further says that he understands that a large amount of stores are near Washington, which you had better cover with a brigade of infantry.

I have the honor to be, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

GUY M. BRYAN,

Major and Assistant Adjutant-General.

CAMDEN, August 11, 1864.

MY DEAR SNEAD: I just now learned from General Price that he expects Governor Reynolds to accompany us in our expedition into Missouri. I have always desired and, indeed, calculated that you would be one of the number whenever an expedition should be made into our dear old State under the leadership of the old hero. I write to beg you to come over and go up. You will, of course, not be able to go along with the main advance, but you will undoubtedly be able to follow on in a very short time afterward. There will be persons and companies constantly going up. I am particularly anxious for you to go, since Governor Reynolds is going. You know he is likely to be a marplot, assumes to possess and wield autocratic powers, and in all probability will at least interfere with, impede, and embarrass the

