
have from the State, now is certainly the harvest time for the advance. Shall the harvest be past and the summer ended and Missouri not saved? I hope and pray not.

I have heard that Mrs. Snead has not yet been banished and probably may not be. Mrs. John W. Polk has been released and was expected here yesterday, and in consequence the general delayed Hardesty's departure until to-day. But I have not heard of Mrs. Polk's arrival. I write this early this morning so as to have it ready for Hardesty. Possibly Mrs. Polk may have come last evening late, though I think it likely she was detained by the rain.

I am, as ever, yours,

TRUSTEN POLK.

GENERAL ORDERS, HDQRS. DISTRICT OF INDIAN TERRITORY, Numbers 54. Fort Towson, C. N., August 11, 1864.

I. In obedience to Special Orders, Numbers 162, paragraph XVII, current series, from headquarters Trans-Mississippi Department, Major Samuel A. Robinson, quartermaster, is hereby announced as inspector of field transportation, District of Indian Territory.

All quartermasters in this district will make their reports of field transportation through Major Robinson.

By order of Major-General Maxey:

T. M. SCOTT,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

[AUGUST 12, 1864.- For Butler to Bragg, relating to transfer of troops to east side of the Mississippi, see Part I, p. 104.]
HEADQUARTERS TRANS-MISSISSIPPI DEPARTMENT,Shreveport, La., August 12, 1864.

Major General J. H. FORNEY,

Alexandria:

GENERAL: I am directed by the general commanding to say that he has just received a private letter from Major-General Walker stating that great opposition is being made by the prominent officers of his old division upon the rumor that you are to be assigned to its command. Believing that is such is the case you would not desire to serve with a command at such and important time and under such embarrassing circumstances, the general commanding has directed General Taylor to relieve you of command and order you to Richmond upon your arrival on the east side of the Mississippi River. You will find inclosed a copy of the letter to Lieutenant-General Taylor.

I have the honor to be, respectfully, your obedient servant,

JOHN G. MEEM, JR.,

Colonel and Aide-de-Camp.

[Inclosure.]
HEADQUARTERS TRANS-MISSISSIPPI DEPARTMENT,Shreveport, La., August 12, 1864.

Lieutenant General R. Taylor,

Commanding, &amp;c.:

GENERAL: Major-General Forney left this morning to report to you to take command of Walker's old division. From letters received this

