
morning the general commanding is led to believe that serious difficulty will arise amongst the troops on General Forney's taking command of that division. If these apprehension are well founded, and as this is the only command to which he can be assigned in the department, the general commanding directs that upon your arrival on the east side of the Mississippi River you will relieve General Forney of command and order him to report to Richmond. General Smith requests that you communicate to him your views on this subject.

I have the honor to be, respectfully, your obedient servant,

JOHN G. MEEM, JR.,

Colonel and Aide-de-Camp.
HEADQUARTERS TRANS-MISSISSIPPI DEPARTMENT,Shreveport, La., August 12, 1864.

Major General J. G. WALKER,

Commanding, &amp;c.:

GENERAL: Reflecting upon the contents of your letter, received this morning, and having heard from Major Bryan, who has just received a private letter from Alexandria, that the troops of your division might cross the river with you in command, but that id they knew that you would not command them on the east side of the Mississippi that the greater part would refuse to cross or desert. This information may or may not be correct. If it is correct it is duty to cross with your troops and you should retain command of your division, though it be a sacrifice of private feelings. You can show this letter to Major-General Forney, which will be authority for his not taking command of your old division.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

E. KIRBY SMITH,

General, Commanding.
HEADQUARTERS TRANS-MISSISSIPPI DEPARTMENT,Shreveport, August 12, 1864.

Major General J. G. WALKER,

Commanding, &c.:

GENERAL: The general commanding directs me to say that your indorsement of August 5 on General Bee's letter of July 17 is not sufficient definite. He desires that you will state in a more explicit manner your objections to him as a commander of troops and to particularize his deficiencies.

I am, general, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

W. R. BOGGS,

Major-General and Chief of Staff.

[AUGUST 13, 1864.- For Walker to Smith, relating to movement into Arkansas, &c., see Part I, p. 106; and for Smith to Taylor, in reference to crossing troops over the Mississippi, see Part I, p. 107.]

