HEADQUARTERS MARMADUKE'S BRIGADE,Camp at Proctor's, Old River Lake, August 13, 1864.

Major H. EWING,

Assistant Adjutant-General, Moticello, Ark.:

MAJOR: I have the honor to answer Major-General Marmaduke's letter of the 12th directed to Colonel Greene. In accordance with the general instructions the brigade will move to-morrow morning at 7 a. m. by way of Mr. Leatherman's; thence up Crooked Bayou to Hughes,'and from that point to Red Fork and Branch's. The brigade will arrive at Branch's on the evening of the 17th. The brigade has present for duty 819 men and 69 officers. There are 120 sick present and 443 absent sick. Of this number 211 are at convalescent camp at Tyro and will be ready for duty in a few days. The heath of the command has improved very materially since we left the Arkansas River. The horses are in fair condition and can be made ready for active service in a very short time. The horses of Captain Hynson are in bad condition, but may be out in fair condition in the course of eight or ten days. His battery is in want of a few horses. Captain Harris' battery is in a very had condition and in my opinion will be unfit for active service. The captain is now absent impressing horses for his battery. Major Pindall, brigade quartermaster, informs me that there are 10,000 bushels of old corn in a scope of country thirty-five miles up and down the Arkansas River, Branch' being the center. This will include all the corn in the possession of the farmers and their supplies will of course be deducted. We can safely rely upon 6,000 bushels. The new corn is very scarce. This brigade consumes about 400 bushels of corn. It is my opinion that one brigade more can be subsisted in that region for ten days. I will make every exertion to put the brigade in good condition, but I would respectfully call the major-general's attention to the necessity of supplying the men with clothing and shoes. A great many of the men are barefooted. The information I send the general has been derived from the quartermaster. I was only in the region referred to three or four days. I did not see Colonel Greene before he left and I send you a report* of the condition of the brigade. I refer you to that for more definite information. No news from the river.

I am, major, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

JNO. Q. BURBRIDGE,

Colonel, Commanding, &amp;c.

GENERAL ORDERS, HEADQUARTERS CHURCHILL'S DIVISION, Numbers 39. Camp Yell, August 13, 1864.

I. Chief Surg. W. M. McPheeters having been relieved from duty with this division by paragraph III, Special Orders, Numbers 226, District of Arkansas, August 13, 1864, Surg. B. A. Jandon is hereby temporarily assigned to duty as chief surgeon of the division. He will be obeyed and respected accordingly.

By command of Brigadier-General Tappan:

B. S. JOHNSON,

Major and Assistant Adjutant-General.

[AUGUST 14, 1864.- For Taylor to Smith, relating to movement across the Mississippi, &c., see Part I, p. 108.]

---------------

* Not found.

---------------

