
every preparation to receive the enemy or to advance to meet him, as occasion may require. Also keep up active scouting to ascertain the truth, and be well informed of the movements of the enemy on every side. Keep the railroad thoroughly patrolled and send fresh instructions to the haymakers guard to watch it. I have a party of the Tenth Illinois at Searcy, to remain there until further orders.
E. A. CARR,

Brigadier-General, Commanding.

LITTLE ROCK, ARK., July 10, 1864.

Brigadier General C. C. ANDREWS,

Devall's Bluff:

Send the First Nebraska Cavalry to Two Prairie Bayou, to camp near Ashley's Station, with instructions to guard the railroad. Fifty guerrillas are reported to have been seen on Two Prairie Bayou, three miles south of the railroad. It is also reported that there is to be a muster of conscripts at Hickory Plains to-morrow. Can't you send some one there?

By order of Brigadier General E. A. Carr:

C. H. DYER,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

LITTLE ROCK, July 10, 1864. - 9.45 a. m.

Colonel P. CLAYTON,

Commanding Pine Bluff:

COLONEL: Did you ascertain whether or not the rebels have any means of crossing the Arkansas River or by what means they did cross? A scouting party took in about thirty of the railroad guerrillas by dressing as butternuts and claiming to be Shelby's men. The whole plan was well executed. Please converse freely with General Marcy so that he can tell me. Must make a move soon.

F. STEELE.

PINE BLUFF, ARK., July 10, 1864 - 11 a. m.

Major General F. STEELE,

Commanding Dept. of Arkansas, Little Rock, Ark.:

The enemy crossed the river on flats; they have not any bridges.

POWELL CLAYTON,

Colonel, Commanding.
HEADQUARTERS INDIAN BRIGADE,Fort Gibson, C. N. July 10, 1864.

Brigadier-General THAYER,

Commanding District of the Frontier, Fort Smith, Ark.:

SIR: I report the arrest of nine men from Kansas, part Indians, part white men, caught with a herd of stolen cattle sixty miles up the Verdigris. There were eleven of the party, but the two principal men (one named Miller) tried to escape and were killed. The men arrested were

