HEADQUARTERS SECOND SUB-DISTRICT,Camp Barnard Bee, August 19, 1864.

Colonel A. C. JONES,

Chief of Staff, Houston:

COLONEL: I have the honor to report that the blockader off the mouth of the Brazos left her anchorage at that point a week ago last Wednesday, and has not been seen that time.

I have the honor to be, colonel, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

J. BATES,

Colonel, Commanding Sub-District.
SPECIAL ORDERS, HEADQUARTERS CHURCHILL'S DIVISION, Numbers 62. August 19, 1864.

I. Colonel Hardy, commanding Tappan's brigade, will order a detail of two non-commissioned officers and six men to report at these headquarters every evening at sundown for guard duty.

II. Captain Tom McSwine, chief quartermaster of division, will immediately established a courier line between these headquarters and Camden. The several stations will be selected according to convenience, at regular intervals as will be most expeditious.

III. Private Alexander, with sufficient number of men, will report to Captain McSwine, chief quartermaster, for all necessary instructions.

By command of Brigadier-General Tappan:

B. S. JOHNSON,Major and Assistant Adjutant-General.

HDQRS. CONFEDERATE FORCES IN NORTH. ARKANSAS,

August 19, 1864.

Colonel THOMAS R. FREEMAN,

Commanding Brigade:

COLONEL: General Shelby directs me to say that orders were sent to you on the 16th of this month to move your command to some point where forage could be obtained for your stock on White River between Augusta and Jacksonport. Nothing has been heard from you since that time. Major Edwards, inspector-general of the department, will hand you this and give you full instructions as to when and where you shall move. Any orders given you by Major Edwards will be obeyed promptly. Your field returns due on the 1st, 10th, and 20th of each month have not been received. The other brigades which commenced recruiting about the same time you did are organized and have been sending their reports to this office regularly. You have had the same opportunity, of not better, and we have never received a report from you. The general has been informed by recruiting officers just from the border that your men are scattered all over the country without passes and in direct violation of orders from these headquarters. The general desires an organization of your brigade immediately, and a report of the same sent to this office. All me of your brigade must be brought in camp and kept there. On the arrival of General Price a full return of all the troops in this department will have to be made. You will see the necessity of having your brigade organized and a return made in

68 R R - VOL XLI, PT II

