HEADQUARTERS MARMADUKE'S BRIGADE,August 21, 1864.

Major EWING:

I have just encamped my command on the north bank of saline, three-quarters of a mile above the pontoon bridge, and in the exact position the Federals occupied when General Dockery attacked them. There is no forage on this side of the river, and it will be next to impossible to furnish it in sufficient quantities from the other side of the river. I think I could protect the pontoon bridge and scout for information as well in the direction of Pine Bluff if the command was encamped beyond the Saline in the vicinity of forage. Supposing we were going direct to princeton I sent a number of blacksmiths to secure shops, iron, &amp;c. Shall I order them back or send those I have left to the same place? The horses will be unfit for the expedition unless shod, and is a matter of the greatest importance. The march from below has been very severe on account of roads and scarcity of forage. There was literally nothing on the route we came, and if we are to do severe service in a short time it is of the first importance that the command be well foraged. All of which is respectfully suggested.

I am, respectfully, yours,

JNO. B. CLARK, JR.,

Brigadier-General.

GENERAL ORDERS, HDQRS. DISTRICT OF INDIANA TERRITORY, Numbers 56. Fort Towson, C. N., August 21, 1864.

I. Captain M. L. Bell, assistant adjutant-general, in addition to the duties now performed by him, is hereby assigned as assistant superintendent of Indian affairs, vice Colonel R. W. Lee promoted and transferred to the line. All business communications relating to the superintendency will be addressed to him at these headquarters.

S. B. MAXEY,

Major-General, Commanding, Ex-Officio Supt. Indian Affairs.

[AUGUST 22, 1864.- For Butler to Bragg, Boggs to Taylor, Boggs to Buckner (two communications), and Bragg to Taylor, in reference to crossing the Mississippi, and other matters, see Part I, pp. 117, 118.]
HEADQUARTERS TRANS-MISSISSIPPI DEPARTMENT,Shreveport, La., August 22, 1864.

Major General S. B. BUCKNER,

Commanding, &c.:

GENERAL: In explanation of the movement of Major's division I am directed by the general commanding to inform you that Major-General Price is about moving into Missouri with all the cavalry in the District of Arkansas, and that it is wish to support the movement by pushing up all the available force threatening the enemy in Arkansas; that

