
hired for $5 per day. They are here and I hope will be sent to Alton. The witnesses to both stock and offenders are here, but unless their trial is ordered here, I shall send them down by the first safe escort, as per previous orders. I have also heard of another large herd of 800 head, that must be near the Osage Mission by this time. I shall start parties to Kansas to-day after them, I sent up Captain Ta-ma-tus-ta-nuk-ka a week ago, but his men could not follow the parties and came back. I suffer greatly for want of cavalry. I have no mounted men, but a handful of scouts. I most respectfully urge that a battalion of cavalry be sent to me. Major Willetts, with a battalion of the Fourteenth Kansas, was with me last winter. Herds of cattle have been driven out by U. S. soldiers into Kansas. I am doing the best I can, but without some cavalry it is impossible to accomplish much.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

WM. A. PLILLIPS,

Colonel, Commanding.

[Indorsement.]
HEADQUARTERS DISTRICT OF THE FRONTIER,Fort Smith, Ark., July 13, 1864.

Respectfully returned.

Colonel Phillips is directed to recommend a suitable number of officers for a military commission at once, for the trial of the parties named within. The condition will be convened as soon as the named of the officers are received at these headquarters.

By command of Brigadier-General Thayer:

T. J. ANDERSON,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

KANSAS CITY, July 10, 1864.

Major General W. S. ROSECRANS,

Commanding Department of the Missouri:

Colonel Ford received reports this afternoon that about eighty guerrillas still occupy Parkville, in Platte County, and that there is a camp near that place of something like 250 more. The river counties of Platte, Clay, Ray, Carroll, Chariton, and Howard, on the north side, and saline, La Fayette, and Jackson on the south, are the haunts of the great body of guerrillas at this time, and it is there that our troops should be most numerous and active. I recommend that at least one entire regiment of infantry, and if possible some more cavalry, be sent to Colonel Ford, and that he be authorized by you to operate in the counties I have named on the north side of the river in addition to his present sub-district. If you should agree with my recommendation and permit Colonel Ford the use of a steam-boat for a few months, I will guarantee he will render a good account of his command and give you entire satisfaction. There is great danger of the rebels seizing a boat in come one of the counties I have named and making a descent upon some of the river towns. I earnestly recommend that the major-general commanding, if he approves my proposition, will have it carried out as soon as possible. I am fearful there is danger brewing in this region. No officer who ranks Ford should be sent with the troops. He is worthy of the trust I recommend.

JAS. TOTTEN,

Brigadier-General, &amp;c.

