
cation Numbers 3661, to which you refer, has not been made public, although I read it to General Buckner and one or two other personal friends. Therefore, agreeably to your request, please find it inclosed herewith.*

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

J. G. WALKER,

Major-General.
HEADQUARTERS TRANS-MISSISSIPPI DEPARTMENT,Shreveport, August 25, 1864.

Brigadier General P. O. HEBERT,

Commanding, &amp;c., Houston, Tex.:

GENERAL: I am directed by the commanding to inclose you a copy of orders sent this day to Brigadier General H. E. McCulloch. These orders were went direct, as the necessity is urgent.

I am, general, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

W. R. BOGGS,

Brigadier-General and Chief of Staff.

[Inclosure.]
HEADQUARTERS TRANS-MISSISSIPPI DEPARTMENT,Shreveport, August 23, 1864.

Brigadier General H. E. McCULLOCH,

Commanding Northern Sub-District, &c., Bonham, Tex.:

GENERAL: The general commanding directs me to instruct you to send, without delay, Duff's regiment and Good's battalion to the Indian Territory, with orders to report to Major-General Maxey. It is important that the movement take place with as little delay as possible.

I am, general, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

W. R. BOGGS,

Brigadier-General and Chief of Staff.

SHREVEPORT, August 25, 1864.

Major-General PRICE:

MY DEAR GENERAL: General Magruder will be detained here several days. He says he would like very much to see you, but that you will not be delayed on this account. He hopes and expects that he will have the benefit of your views on Arkansas affairs, either addressed to him or General Smith. Last night General Magruder told me he had brought his paymaster with him, and I am, surprised to learn this moment that I have been ordered to be assigned as paymaster of the District of Arkansas. I have had no interview with him or General Smith since, and was talking with chief quartermaster of the department about a temporary assignment to some other duty.

Again expressing me earnest wishes for the success of your expedition, and prayers for your personal prosperity,

I am, most cordially, your friend,

E. C. CABELL.

P. S.- Leave memorandum of such things as you wish me to attend to for you.

E. C. C.

---------------

* See Smith to Walker, August 12, p. 1063.

---------------

