
of the department, I have thought it better, then, for the good of all concerned, not to change them, and I request that you will unite with me in addressing a letter to the President requesting him to approve the regulations already adopted by me. I shall write to him on this subject as soon as I hear from you. permit me to say, in acknowledgment of your course, that in yielding your preconceived views I know that you have sacrificed cherished plans that you earnestly desired to carry out for the improvement, defense, and protection of your great and patriotic State. Texas, in this department, occupies the proud position of being the main stay of her sister States, and it is due to her that I should say this to you as her chief magistrate. I earnestly desire that our intercourse should be cordial and unreserved, and it shall be my pleasure to endeavor to keep up such relations with you.

I have the honor to be, very respectfully, &amp;c.,

E. KIRBY SMITH,

General.
HEADQUARTERS DISTRICT SOUTH OF THE HOMOCHITTO,Clinton, La., August 26, 1864.

TO THE CITIZENS OF SOUTHWEST MISS. AND EAST LA.:

In assigning me to the command of this district the President has instructed me, in addition to the duties which would ordinarily devolve upon me as military commander of the troops stationed here, to exercise the most vigilant care in protecting the citizens of the district in the exercise of their rights o property and personal liberty. It will be to me and object of effort to obey these instructions in their largest spirit of beneficent protection. Exactions, illegal impressments, and unauthorized seizures of property made by subordinates in this district will, upon proper representation and proof adduced before the commanding general, be severely punished and rigidly restrained. If the citizens feel themselves to be oppressed or aggrieved by the military authorities they are urgently and solicited to bring their grievances to the notice of the general commanding. When offenses have been committed by the troops against the civil law of the land the offenders will be promptly given up when proper requisitions are made by the civil authorities. But while I shall honestly and faithfully endeavor to discharge these duties devolved upon me by the President and my superiors in command, I shall in turn expect a cordial co-operation upon your part in discharging the duties which patriotism and a feeling of devotion to your country require from you. The constant trading with the enemy which some selfish and evil disposed persons in the community indulge in, is demoralizing in its effects upon the people, and while benefiting temporarily a few persons, weakens permanently the resources of the nation. The Government has found it expedient, at times heretofore and possibly may so find it in future, to exchange cotton for army supplies. In all such exchanges hereafter the closest scrutiny will be applied to prevent abuses and frauds, and the people of the district are invoked to reflect that these exchanges are necessary for the maintenance of the armies contending or their liberties. But this does not justify private trade with the enemy, nor will it be tolerated. in the same spirit of frankness and candor in which I have assured you of my earnest desire to protect you, I assure you that the penalties denounced by law against illegal trading with the enemy will be strictly enforced. The goods or articles of illicit

