
hold in grateful remembers the patriotism and zeal with which the State authorities and people of the district have aided his efforts to promote the success of our cause. The major-general commanding especially thanks the ability and energy exhibited in the performance on their duties and for their kindness and courtesy toward himself personally. Some of them he is proud to be able to take with him in a new sphere of duty. The others he parts from with lively regret and commends to the full confidence of their future commander and of the Government.

STERLING PRICE,

Major-General, Commanding.

GENERAL ORDERS, HDQRS. DISTRICT OF ARKANSAS, Numbers 42. Camden, August 28, 1864.

In conformity with General Orders, Numbers 41, from headquarters of this district, the undersigned assumes temporary command of the District of Arkansas.

T. J. CHURCHILL,

Major-General, Commanding.

GENERAL ORDERS, HDQRS. DISTRICT OF THE HOMOCHITTO, Numbers 2. Clinton, La., August 29, 1864.

I. All shipments of cotton into the enemy's lines are forbidden, except under special orders, signed by the commanding general. Persons claiming to have contracts will produce the same at these headquarters. Cavalry commanders are expected to use the utmost vigilance in preventing illegal shipments.

II. No person will be permitted to enter the enemy's lines except upon a passport issued from these headquarters. No person will be permitted to enter the Confederate lines. In cases seeming to be of special emergency the case will be referred to these headquarters, and the party detained until decision at the outer pickets. Provost-marshals finding strangers in the lines without permission will at once arrest them and send a brief of facts to these headquarters.

By order of Brigadier-General Hodge:

N. T. N. ROBINSON,

Assistant Adjutant-General.
HEADQUARTERS EXPEDITIONARY FORCES,Fort Brown, August 29, 1864.

Captain J. E. DWYER,

Assistant Adjutant-General:

CAPTAIN: I have the honor to report that matters remain almost in statu quo. The Yankees are leaving slowly. They have eleven pieces of artillery on Brazos Island, or had when last heard from. They seldom venture beyond support of their guns. I sent Lieutenant-Colonel Fisher and Major Hyllested to visit the commander of the French forces at Bagdad. They were well received. Inclosed please find copies of communications. You will perceive that the French commander acknowledge ours as the flag of a nation. I am using every effort to

