
highly gratified by the kind and courteous tone of your communication, particularly when you assure me that the flag of our nation shall be respected, and shall protect, when within your lines, the persons and property over which it floats. I have the thank you for your assurances concerning the transportation of supplies, and of your polite attentions to Lieutenant-Colonel Fisher and Major Hyllested. I hope we shall be enabled to exchange civilities often, and to cement still more firmly the friendship which exists between our people, and which will eventually unite our Governments in the bonds of amity. I have been pleased to be afforded the privilege of receiving Captain R. G. Visconti, and to manifest through him the respect the Confederates entertain for the Sovereign and people of France.

I have the honor to renew my assurances of regard and consideration,

JOHN S. FORD,

Colonel, Commanding.

GENERAL ORDERS, HEADQUARTERS ARMY IN THE FIELD, Numbers 1. Princeton, Ark., August 29, 1864.

In conformity with instructions from General E. k. Smith of August 4, the undersigned assumes command of the cavalry of the District of Arkansas. Major General J. F. Fagan is assigned to the command of Brigadier General W. L. Cabell's and Colonel W. F. Slemons' brigades (formerly Crawford's). Brigadier General J. S. Marmaduke is assigned to the command of Brigadier General J. B. Clark, jr.'s, and Colonel Harrison's brigades. Lieutenant Colonel R. C. Wood will report for duty with his battalion to Brigadier General J. S. marmaduke.

STERLING PRICE,

Major-General, Commanding.

GENERAL ORDERS, HEADQUARTERS ARMY IN THE FIELD, Numbers 2. Princeton, Ark., August 29, 1864.

The following officers of the staff corps are announced for the army in the field, having been assigned by the department commander: Lieutenant Colonel L. A. Maclean, senior assistant adjutant-general; Lieutenant Colonel J. R. Shaler, assistant inspector-general; Major G. A. Gallagher, assistant adjutant-general; Major T. M. Taber, ordnance officer; Major Isaac Brinker, chief quartermaster; Major H. W. Tracy, chief commissary of subsistence; Surg. W. M. McPheeters, surgeon; Major R. T. Morrison, aide-de-camp; Captain Celsus Price, aide-de-camp.

The following officers are announced by authority of the department commander and assigned as follows: Major W. W. Dunlap, chief of artillery; Captain T. J. Mackey, chief engineer; Captain J. L. Thomas, assistant quartermaster, in charge of transportation; Captain T. T. Taylor, assistant inspector-general; First Lieutenant A. P. Saugrain, assistant inspector-general; Actg. Asst. Surg. R. M. Slaughter, medical field purveyor.

By order of Major-General Price:

L. A. MACLEAN,

Assistant Adjutant-General.
HEADQUARTERS CHURCHILL'S DIVISION,August 29, 1864.

Colonel J. L. LOGAN, Commanding Cavalry:

COLONEL: Brigadier-General Tappan directs that you report at these headquarters on your way past. He desires to give you some further

