SPECIAL ORDERS, HEADQUARTERS ARMY IN THE FIELD, Numbers 2. Princeton, Ark., August 30, 1864.

I. Should Colonel Harrison, commanding brigade of cavalry, arrive at Princeton, Ark., or its neighborhood within three days, he will push forward to overtake the command of Major-General Price via Rockport, Hot Springs, and Dardanelle, taking only such transportation as will be requisite to carry his ammunition, forage, and subsistence, the wagons to be loaded lightly, that he may travel fast. He will also report by special couriers to the major-general commanding his progress and position. Should Colonel Harrison not arrive within the above-specified time he will remain at Princeton, reporting to Brigadier-General Tappan, and also through to district headquarters for further orders.

* * * * * *

IV. The command will move to-morrow morning at sunrise in the following order: Major-General Marmaduke's division in front, followed by the major-general commanding and escort; then the head quartermaster's train, followed by the train of Major-General Marmaduke. Major-General Fagan's division will follow in the rear. Major-General Marmaduke will march to an encamp at the first water beyond Claridy's, on the Benton road, what is known as the Ridge road. A guide will be furnished him by Major-General Fagan. The division in front will furnish the advance guard, and that in rear the rear guard, for the column.

* * * * * *

By order of Major-General Price:

L. A. MACLEAN,Lieutenant-Colonel and Senior Assistant Adjutant-General.

GENERAL ORDERS, HEADQUARTERS CHURCHILL'S DIVISION, Numbers 45. Princeton, August 30, 1864.

I. The several brigades of this division will be reviewed and inspected by Major H. M. Clark, assistant inspector-general, District of Arkansas, to-morrow, the hour to be hereafter designated. Brigade commanders and Major Blocher will have their commands prepared for a review and thorough inspection, and will select suitable grounds near their respective commands.

II. Brigade commanders and Major Blocher, commanding artillery battalion, will forward to these headquarters to-morrow evening a complete field return of their respective commands.

By command of Brigadier-General Tappan:

B. S. JOHNSON,

Major and Assistant Adjutant-General.

SPECIAL ORDERS, HEADQUARTERS CHURCHILL'S DIVISION, Numbers 64. Princeton, August 30, 1864.

I. The chiefs of the different departments of this division will forward to this office a complete report of the conditions of their respective departments, giving a minute report of each. These reports will be given in to-morrow morning at 8 o'clock.

II. The following details for picketing the various roads around Princeton will be ordered to report at these headquarters every even-

