
ing at 3 o'clock: Colonel Hardy's brigade, 140 men, with seven company commanders and seven lieutenants; Colonel Gause's brigade, eighty men, with four captains and four lieutenants. This detail will be furnished with ten rounds of ammunition each.

III. Brigade commanders will furnish one field officer, on alternate days, to take charge of the guard as ordered by paragraph II of this order. Colonel Hardy will furnish field officer for to-day.

IV. Paragraph III of this order is hereby abolished.

V. Captain Montell, Gause's brigade, will report at these headquarters to-day at 3 p. m. to take charge, as field officer, of the guards and outposts around Princeton.

By command of Brigadier-General Tappan:

B. S. JOHNSON,

Major and Assistant Adjutant-General.
HEADQUARTERS TRANS-MISSISSIPPI DEPARTMENT,Shreveport, August 31, 1864.

Major General S. B. BUCKNER,

Commanding, &amp;c., Alexandria, La.:

GENERAL: The general commanding has received a letter from Captain Elcon Jones, Signal Corps, who is now on the Mississippi River, in which he states that the cavalry which had been supporting [him] have been withdrawn, leaving him unprotected. Your attention is called to the necessity of sending him such a force as will prevent a surprise and consequent capture.

I am, general, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

P. H. THOMSON,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

GENERAL ORDERS, HEADQUARTERS ARMY IN THE FIELD, Numbers 3. Camp Numbers 4, August 31, 1864.

The following officers of the staff corps are assigned to duty with the brigade commanded by Brigadier General J. B. Clark, jr., subject to the approval of the commander of the Trans-Mississippi Department: Major John C. Moore, senior assistant adjutant-general; Major Duncan, assistant adjutant-general; Major F. S. Robertson, assistant inspector-general; Captain G. W. Kerr, ordnance officer; Major Gustavus A. Elgin, assistant quartermaster: Major John Waddell, commissary of subsistence; Surg. J. l. Moore, surgeon; Captain F von Phul, aide-de-camp; First Lieutenant Hooper, aide-de-camp. The above officers will report fort duty as assigned to Brigadier General J. B. Clark, jr.

By order of Major-General Price:

MACLEAN,

Lieutenant-Colonel and Senior Assistant Adjutant-General.
HEADQUARTERS DISTRICT OF INDIANA TERRITORY,Fort Towson, C. N., August 31, 1864.

Brigadier General W. R. BOGGS,

Chief of Staff, Trans-Mississippi Dept., Shreveport, La.:

GENERAL: Herewith I inclose several papers for the information of General Smith. It seems that watie has had a little brush near Fort Smith with the Corps d'Afrique, burning hay, &c. It will be re-

