HEADQUARTERS DISTRICT OF SOUTHWEST MISSOURI,Springfield, Mo., July 1, 1864.

Major MILTON BURCH,

Commanding at Neosho, Mo.:

SIR: Colonel Harrison, commanding at Fayetteville, Ark., reports that Buck Brown captured his corral of mules, 240 in all, on the 24th instant [ultimo], and made off in the direction of Maysville with them. Brown has in all about 200 men. As soon as you can spare the force, send about 100 men in that direction with instructions for them to attack Brown if they can find him and recapture as many mules as possible, and learn if possible where the rebel General Cooper is, if on this side of the river.

By order of Brigadier-General Sanborn:

W. D. HUBBARD,

Lieutenant and Acting Assistant Adjutant-General.

KANSAS CITY, July 1, 1864.

Major-General ROSECRANS:

Colonel Ford has just received the following telegram from S. S. Curtis, major and aide-de-camp to Major-General Curtis, commanding Department of Kansas:

We have reliable information that Colonel Thornton is in Platte City at the head of 600 guerrillas, having been joined by three companies of militia. Three other companies are said to be reported to join him before morning. There are indications that they will attack Western.

S. S. CURTIS,

Major and Aide-de-Camp.

My telegram to you last night indicated that something wrong was gong on in the region mentioned by Major Curtis. I am convinced that my recommendation of last evening is the best that can be done under the circumstances. Stringent orders should be issued relative to all steam-boats and means of transportation on the Missouri River until the guerrillas on the north side are exterminated. I do not think they should be allowed to run without strong guards until the present indications of trouble are passed. I earnestly recommend that more troops be sent to the Central District, and that my recommendation of last evening relative to the extension of Colonel Ford's authority, &amp;c., be favorably considered and acted upon immediately. If the major-general commanding coincides with my views, Colonel Ford should be furnished with about 334 horses a the earliest possible moment. That number would rendered his regiment greatly more efficient. When the regiment was originally mounted, it lacked about as many horses as now required, so that although many horses have been temporarily disabled by hard service, the deficiency is not much greater than it originally was.

JAS. TOTTEN,

Brigadier-General, &c.
HEADQUARTERS DISTRICT OF NORTH MISSOURI,Saint Joseph, Mo., July 1, 1864.

His EXCELLENCY THE GOVERNOR OF MISSOURI:

I have the honor to request that forty men of Company B, Forty-ninth Regiment Enrolled Missouri Militia, under command of First

