
SAINT JOSEPH, July 10, 1864.

Lieutenant Colonel D. M. DRAPER,

Commanding Detach. Ninth Cav. Missouri State Militia, Allen, Mo.:

Your letter of the 7th instant received. General Fisk is at Fayette and Glasgow. The gang of guerrillas that took Parkville are now in Goose Neck Bend of Plate River; reported 150 strong, and threatening Weston and other points. Weston is protected by infantry from Fort Leavenworth. Major Clark, at platte city, has not confidence enough in his Paw Paws to move from there. Cannot you muster force enough and give the rascals fits?

G. A. HOLLOWAY,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

FORT LYON, COLO. TER., July 10, 1864.

Captain W. D. McLAIN,

Independent Battery Colorado Volunteer Artillery:

CAPTAIN: I have been detained on this district by order of Colonel Chivington, and ordered to organize and drill G squadron, First Cavalry of Colorado, as a battery. It is very necessary that I should go to my company, as my accounts are unsettled, and I am very anxious to settle them. I have just returned from Garland with two howitzers which were left there. Upon my arrival at this post I found that Lieutenant Burdsal had gone to For Larned with the command. He took with him all property for which I am responsible and would not receipt to me for the same. He was in command of the battery by order of Major Wynkoop. Please use your influence and try to get me ordered from here that I amy join the battery. In haste.

I am, respectfully, your obedient servant,

HORACE W. BALDWIN,

Second Lieutenant Independent Battery Colorado Vol. Arty.
HEADQUARTERS DEPARTMENT OF NEW MEXICO,Santa Fe, N. Mex., July 10, 1864.

Brigadier General LORENZO THOMAS,

Adjutant-General U. S. Army, Washington, D. C.:

GENERAL: I have the honor herewith to inclose a letter* dated at Franklin, Tex., the 1st instant, and written by Colonel George W. Bowie, commanding the District of Arizona, which shows that a large party of Union refugees, men, women, and children, with horses, cattle - indeed, with all their worldly wealth - have come into the department fleeing from persecution and the reign of terror which prevails in Texas. I have ordered that all who wish to go on to California shall be escorted by troops until all danger from Indians be passed. Yesterday the fifty-three officers, soldiers, and citizens, of whom I sent to you a descriptive list, arrived here from texas, claiming to be deserters from the Confederate service and to be Union refugees. I have ordered a board of officers to examine them separately, and this they are now doing. Information was sent to me long since that parties of spies would come

---------------

* Omitted.

