
1. The boards will sit every day, Sunday expected, from 9 a. m. until 5 p. m., the place of sitting to be provided by the quartermaster's department.

2. The boards will make to the assistant adjutant-general, at these headquarters, through department headquarters, for record, reports of all persons examined, whether approved or rejected; the reports will be made weekly, or oftener when specially called for.

3. Boards shall specify for what grades of commission the several applicants are fit, and shall also classify and number them according to merit or proficiency.

4. The report of the boards, if adverse, shall be final, and no person rejected by them shall be re-examined.

5. Each applicant will be examined as to his capacity and fitness for the correct and efficient discharge of the duties of an officer, physical, moral, and mental.

6. Under the first, as regards age, present state of healthfulness, soundness of vision and hearing, freedom from organic disease, and capacity for bearing fatigue and exposure.

7. Under the second, as to habits, past and present, with full and distinct evidence of loyalty to the United States and trustworthiness for employment in their service.

8. All candidates for positions in the infantry under the rank of major, after fulling the requirements of articles 6 and 7, must be examined and pronounced proficient in reading, writing, arithmetic, and geography. They must be thoroughly conversant with the Army Regulations, Articles of War, and with tactics as far as the manual of arms, bayonet exercise, school of the company, battalion, and skirmishers, the duties of guards, sentinels, pickets, and vedettes, and the general of a picket officer; also with the method of enlisting and discharging soldiers.

9. Candidates for promotion above the rank of captain must, in addition to what is required in paragraphs 6, 7, and 8, be familiar with the different kinds and calibers of small-arms used in the service, the Constitution, and Articles of War, and the practice of courts-martial. They must be proficient in all the evolutions of the line, and be able to maneuver brigades and divisions as well as regiments. A general knowledge of the interior economy or management of regiments, and of the duties of adjutant, quartermaster, commissary, and ordnance officer will also be required.

10. All candidates for positions in the engineers below the rank of major, in addition to what is required for same rank in infantry, must be proficient in algebra, geometry, trigonometry, &amp;c., surveying, linear, and topographical drawing, the elements of civil engineering, especially those which relate to building materials and strength of materials such as appertain to bridges, locks, dams, &c., the elements of field fortifications, and manner of making reconnaissance and keeping journal of march, &c., the different styles of pontoon bridges, their equipment, &c., and the manner of laying them down and taking them up, the different styles of raft, flying bridges, &c.

11. For rank above captain, in addition to what is required in infantry and for captain of engineers, they must be proficient in elements of permanent fortifications, theory and practice of steam engines, general principles of architecture, familiar knowledge of all woods in general use, and general theoretical and practical knowledge of bridges, culverts, railroads, &c.: familiarity with military law, Kent's Commentaries and Thackery's Army Organization and Administration will be required.

12. In the case of officers who have seen but a short time in the army, and who show an aptitude for the military service, and a spirit and desire to learn and become good and efficient officers, the boards are authorized to make special reports in their case of they do not come up to the requirements of the preceding articles.

II. In accordance with the above, examining boards, inspector, and mustering officers will be at once appointed from these headquarters for Port Hudson and Morganza.

Major General F. J. Herron, commanding U. S. forces, Texas, will appoint a similar board with an inspector and a mustering officer for Brazos Santiago, and Brigadier General T. W. Sherman, commanding Defenses of New Orleans, will make the proper appointments for the same purpose for New Orleans, Shop Island, and Pensacola.

These boards will enter upon their duties with the least possible delay. All officers of the regiments to be consolidated now on detached duty will at once report through the officers with whom they are serving to the proper headquarters to be ordered before that board of examiners which may be most convenient to their present station.

By command of Major-General Banks:

GEORGE B. DRAKE,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

