SPECIAL ORDERS, HDQRS. DEPARTMENT OF THE GULF, Numbers 183. New Orleans, July 11, 1864.

* * * * * *

IX. To carry out to provisions of General Orders, No. 88, of this date, from these headquarters, the commanding officer at Port Hudson will, immediately on the arrival of transportation, send the following-named regiments to Morganza, the regimental commanders to report immediately on arrival to the commanding officer at that point: Seventy-third U. S. Colored Infantry, Seventy-fifth U. S. Colored Infantry, Seventy-fifth U. S. Colored Infantry, Seventy-ninth U. S. Colored Infantry, Eighty-fourth U. S. Colored Infantry.

X. To carry out the provisions of General Orders, Numbers 88, of this date, from these headquarters, the commanding officer at Port Hudson will, immediately on the arrival of transportation, send the Ninety-sixth U. S. Infantry to New Orleans, the regimental commander to report immediately on arrival to Brigadier-General Sherman, commanding defenses.

XI. To carry out the provisions of General Orders, Numbers 88, of this date, from these headquarters, the commanding officer at Morganza will, immediately on the arrival of transportation, send the following-named regiments to New Orleans, the regimental commanders to report immediately on arrival to Brigadier-General Sherman, commanding defenses: Ninetieth U. S. Colored Infantry, Ninety-ninth U. S. Colored Infantry.

* * * * * *

By command of Major-General Banks:

J. S. CROSBY,Acting Assistant Adjutant-General.

MORGANZA, July 11, 1864.

(Received 5.30 p. m.)

Major C. T. CHRISTENSEN, Assistant Adjutant-General:

General Lawler desires me to inquire how far he is to exercise the authority of a corps commander, if at all. General Reynolds telegraphed that headquarters Nineteenth Army Corps are still at Morganza, although but a very small portion of the corps is here. General Lawler has been the commander since General Roberts left, but has exercised authority only in extreme cases requiring immediate action. There are five applications for discharge to be mustered on promotion in my office. They can be acted on here if General Lawler is competent to act. These are only instances as one of the many cases constantly passing. Please decide and favor me with a reply as soon as convenient.

Very respectfully,

FREDERICK SPEED,

Assistant Adjutant-General, Nineteenth Army Corps.

MORGANZA, July 11, 1864.

(Received 2.30 p. m.)

Major G. B. DRAKE, Assistant Adjutant-General:

General Lee is here, but will leave probably to-night or to-morrow a. m.

M. K. LAWLER,

Brigadier-General.

