SPECIAL ORDERS, HDQRS. NINETEENTH ARMY CORPS, Numbers 166. Morganza, La., July 11, 1864.

I. The commanding officers of the Seventh Massachusetts and Twenty-sixth New York Batteries will immediately report for orders to Brigadier-General Lee.

* * * * * *

III. Brigadier-General Lee will proceed with his brigade and the Seventh Massachusetts and Twenty-sixth New York Batteries, as soon as transportation arrives, to the mouth of White River, and report to Brigadier General G. H. Gordon. The object of the movement is to keep open General Steele's communications with Little Rock, and if General Gordon is not found at the mouth of White River General Lee will use his discretion, having the above object in view. The transports will be retained with the command until further orders.

By command of Brigadier-General Lawler:

FREDERICK SPEED,Assistant Adjutant-General.

THIBODEAUX, July 11, 1864.

(Received 3 p. m.)

Major DRAKE,

Assistant Adjutant-General:

A party of guerrillas are again reported on the sea-coast. I have sent a party of cavalry and a good guide down to see. A scout service man returned to-day from New Iberia. Reports Vincent with 300 men at Pattersonville, 900 of Brush's men above Franklin, 300 at Saint Martinsville, with headquarters at New Iberia. Polignac is reported to be at Cheneyville with the main force. Forage is very scarce on the Teche, and the troops are said to be under orders to move on the 22nd.

R. A. CAMERON,

Brigadier-General of Volunteers, Commanding.
HDQRS. MILITARY DIVISION OF WEST MISSISSIPPI,New Orleans, July 11, 1864.

Brigadier General GEORGE H. GORDON, U. S. Volunteers,

At the mouth of White River, or Memphis, Tenn.:

GENERAL: I am instructed by the major-general commanding to inform you that, from advices received from General Washburn, it is evident that he cannot spare any force of any consequence to assist General Steele in keeping open his line of communication. He has, therefore, ordered a brigade of infantry and two batteries of artillery from the forces stationed at Morganza, La., to report to you at the mouth of White River, and directs that you assume command of the same and use them to the best possible advantage for the purpose indicated in letter of instruction of the 2nd instant. If that force should not be sufficient you are authorized to order Bvt. Brigadier General J. Bailey, now at Vicksburg, Miss., to join you with his brigade at the mouth of White River. Instructions have been sent to him accordingly.

Very respectfully, sir, your obedient servant,

C. T. CHRISTENSEN,

Major and Assistant Adjutant-General.

