
from Morganza to the mouth of White River, to be commanded by General Gordon, and authorized him, in case of necessity, to call for Bailey's engineer brigade of three regiments now at Vicksburg. I am, however, obliged, in consequence of the withdrawal of a large number of my troops for the Army of the Potomac, to make the resources at my disposal tell as much as possible, and I have therefore to request that you quell organize as large a force as you possibly can spare and hold it in readiness to embark when called for.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

E. R. S. CANBY,

Major-General, Commanding.

SAINT LOUIS, MO., July 11, 1864.

Honorable E. M. STANTON,

Secretary of War:

Brigadier-General Totten reports the guerrillas and rebel soldiers, 700 strong, took Parkville on the Kansas border of this State. Three companies of Paw Paws surrendered to them without firing a gun. They have a force of some hundreds at Platte City. A general rising north of the river is boasted by them. They are conscripting. In view of the present prospects, Generals Ewing and Brown say they cannot do without the 100-days' men which were ordered to Chicago. Unwilling against their urgently expressed opinion to imperil the railroad bridges, and, on the other hand, desirous of your orders, I respectfully call attention to the telegrams on the subject, renewedly express my conviction that the troops ought not to go away at present.

W. S. ROSECRANS,

Major-General.

CHICAGO, ILL., July 11, 1864.

Major-General ROSECRANS:

Are the troops ordered here coming? If so, when will they leave Saint Louis?

JAMES C. STRONG,

Commanding Post.

SAINT LOUIS, MO., July 11, 1864.

COMMANDING OFFICER,

Chicago, Ill.:

The One hundred and thirty-fifth and One hundred and forty-fifth Illinois, 100-days' men, are under orders from these headquarters for your pos, but they are so scattered that it will be some three or four days yet before they can arrive at Chicago.

O. D. GREENE,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

FORT LEAVENWORTH, July 11, 1864.

General ROSECRANS:

Three persons, one a militia sergeant, arrived from Platte City last night at 12 o'clock. Bushwhackers under Thornton took Platte City at 1 p. m. yesterday. Hauled down Federal flag and tied it to horse's

