
tail. Most of the Paw Paw militia joined Thornton, and the citizens fed them. The sergeant got off on a pretense that he wanted some preparations and would return this morning. He says they are about 600 strong, and other squads are to join them. As requested by mayor and leading men of Weston, I have a picket guarding that place, which I hope at your earliest convenience may be relieved, as your State authorities, I am told, evince great repugnance at my interference.

S. R. CURTIS,

Major-General.

FORT LEAVENWORTH, July 11, 1864.

General ROSECRANS:

Captain Wilson telegraphs from opposite Parkville, that bushwhackers have just left Parkville, 300 strong, to join the rebel force at Platte City. Captain Ford and Lieutenant Nash with the Paw Paws on duty at Parkville surrendered without firing and joined the bushwhackers.

S. R. CURTIS,

Major-General.

[Indorsement.]
HEADQUARTERS DEPARTMENT OF THE MISSOURI,Saint Louis, July 11, 1864.

Respectfully referred to Brigadier-General Fisk, commanding Northern District of Missouri, for report upon the facts of within charge so soon as circumstances will permit. A truthful report to be made.

By order of Major-General Rosecrans:

J. LOVELL,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

SAINT LOUIS, July 11, 1864.

General CURTIS:

I am obliged for the information contained in your several telegrams, as also for the action you have taken. In view of the circumstances, vigorous measures have been instituted, which it is hoped will kill the snake before it has grown too large. Be pleased to communicate anything you may learn. If my troops in vicinity of Kansas City have to be used on the north side of the river I must rely upon you to look out for matters in the district from which troops are withdrawn.

W. S. ROSECRANS,

Major-General.

KANSAS CITY, July 11, 1864.

Major-General ROSECRANS:

Colonel Ford has just received the following telegram:

Major-General CURTIS,

Commanding Department of Kansas:

We have reliable information that Colonel Thornton is in Platte City at the head of 600 guerrillas, having been joined by three companies of militia; three other companies are said to be expected to join him before morning. There are indications that they will attack Weston.

S. S. CURTIS,

Major and Aide-de-Camp.

