
My telegram to you last night indicated that something wrong was going on in the region mentioned by Major Curtis. I am convinced that my recommendation of last evening is the best that can be done under the circumstances. Stringent orders should be issued relative to all steam-boats and means of transportation on the Missouri River until the guerrillas on the north side are exterminated. I do not think they should be allowed to run without strong guards until the present indications of trouble are passed. I earnestly recommend that more troops be sent to the Central District, and that my recommendation os last evening relative to the extension of Colonel Ford's authority, &amp;c., be favorable considered and acted upon immediately. If the major-general commanding coincides with my views, Colonel Ford should be furnished with about 334 horses at the earliest possible moment. That number would render his regiment greatly more efficient. When the regiment was originally mounted it lacked about as many horses have been temporarily disabled by hard service, the deficiency is not much greater than it originally was.

JAS. TOTTEN,

Brigadier-General, &c.

GENERAL ORDERS, HDQRS. DEPT. OF THE MISSOURI, Numbers 114. Saint Louis, Mo. July 11, 1864.

Until further orders from competent authority no steam-boat will be permitted to depart from this city for any point on the Missouri River above Jefferson City without a proper supply of arms and ammunition, and a crew competent to defend the boat fork any ordinary attack of guerrillas. The commanding officer of the city of Saint Louis is charged with the faithful execution of this order within the limits of his command. The commanding officer of any military post on the river above Jefferson City is hereby authorized to seize and return to this city, under guard, any boat failing to comply with the provisions of this order.

By command of Major-General Rosecrans:

O. D. GREENE,

Assistant Adjutant-General.
SPECIAL ORDERS, HEADQUARTERS DISTRICT OF ROLLA, Numbers 98. Rolla, Mo., July 11, 1864.

In pursuance of Special Orders, Numbers 186, current series, Department of the Missouri, Colonel George, W. Lackey, One hundred and forty-fifth Regiment Illinois Volunteers Infantry, 100-days' men, will move with his regiment by rail to Saint Louis, embarking at 8 a. m. on the 13th instant, and report to the major-general commanding on his arrival.

By order of Brigadier-General Guitar:

J. RAINSFORD,Assistant Adjutant-General.

SAINT LOUIS, July 11, 1864.

General BROWN,

Jefferson City:

Information of a reliable nature received here showing that a guerrilla force of 600 to 700 men is organized at Platte City, Platte County.

