
They seized the town yesterday and now hold it, while gaining accessions to their ranks constantly. General Fisk has no force at his disposal capable of coping with this band. The general commanding directs that you at once give such instructions as will concentrate as many of the Seventh Missouri State Militia Cavalry as you can possibly spare at Kansas City with the least possible delay, there to meet as many of Ford's regiment as can be spared. Ford will organize and command the expedition, which is to cross at Kansas City and commence operations without an instant's unnecessary delay. I am informed he needs some 350 horses to complete the mount of his regiment. Authorize him to seize them whenever he can get them, giving the necessary vouchers, signed by commissioned officers, who must in all cases be present when seizures are made. The general commanding considers the prompt dispersion and destruction of this guerrilla band as of vital importance, and therefore directs that you give Ford as many men form the two regiments above indicated as can possibly be spared for a few days without imminent danger, and that in all matters you will aid him to the extent of your power. Instant action on your part and that of Colonel Ford is necessary. As many troops as can be spared from other parts of the State will be sent with all haste to co-operate with Ford, probably from the north. Acknowledge receipt of this and communicate your ideas.

By order:

O. D. GREENE,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

(Copy to Colonel Ford.)

JEFFERSON CITY, MO., July 11, 1864.

Major O. D. GREENE,

Assistant Adjutant-General:

Have ordered the Seventh Missouri State Militia and Second Colorado to move via Kansas City, under Colonel Ford, as directed. I think it would be better to re-enforce Ford from Kansas, while I order the Seventh to move by Lexington, as the guerrillas will probably move fast and may be intercepted. I can re-enforce from Lexington if the enemy should be in such force as to render it necessary.

E. B. BROWN,

Brigadier-General.

WARRENSBURG, July 11, 1864 - 9.35 p. m.

Major O. D. GREENE,

Assistant Adjutant-General, Saint Louis:

Most of the Missouri State Militia are out on scouts. I have moved 130 men with a section of artillery, at 9 p. m., with orders to make a forced march to Kansas City. Colonel Ford telegraphs that he will have 400 men ready to move at sunrise to-morrow from Kansas City; reports the enemy 1,000 strong.

E. B. BROWN,

Brigadier-General of Volunteers, Commanding.

9 R R - VOL XLI, PT II

