
yet to meet any guerrillas in Ray, but I am satisfied they are lurking in south and west Ray, as they are frequently seen by citizens, and two of them went with one of Captain Colley's men and disarmed him. I have been long satisfied that the greater trouble is that they are protected by bad citizens, and some of them are the citizens themselves. Captain Tiffin tells me that Clay County is full of guerrillas, mostly citizens, and many of whom were armed as militia last winter, and I am well satisfied it is even so; and further, that it will not do to rely upon any but true and reliable Union men to fight these devils, and am satisfied from my observation that arming sympathizers by companies (or where they are regarded as such) only emboldens them; and in counties where they have the ascendency makes it very oppressive and dangerous for Union men.

I am, colonel, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

D. P. WHITMER,

Captain, Commanding Post.

CONFIDENTIAL.] PARKVILLE, MO., July 1, 1864.

General C. B. FISK,

Saint Joseph, Mo.:

DEAR SIR: I cannot give all the facts in a letter, but I am convinced that it is the intention and a Confederate plan to harass and drive the Union men out of the country; that the Paw Paws are a part of the plan. Every woman and child knows they are rebels and will not fight Confederate soldiers, as they call the bushwhackers; that there has been no outrages committed by the radicals or Kansas men for the last six months, but the rebels have predicted trouble this summer, and the whole rebel population are preparing to rise when the words is given. They have the local military control through the Paw Paws, and are preparing to carry the local elections. In the meantime Union men are murdered and their horses taken, while others are leaving. Secesh are jubilant. They fully believe this country will belong to the Southern Confederacy, and are carrying Jeff. Davis' subtle plans to effect it. I sent you statements of a trip of our boys. Sergeant Noland, who took the horse, was going to Platte City when he was overtaken by some Paw Paws, and threatened for taking that horse and reporting about that camp. One of them drew a pistol on him and rode round him, eyeing him threateningly, and said if they ever reported anything more about that camp that they would clean out the whole damned radical company at Parkville. After that he galloped on to Platte City. A prominent secessionist said to me there was no doubt of there being a good many Confederate soldiers in the country, but they wold hurt only those who had violated the moral equities, in other words, the radicals. I asked him who was to be the judge of the moral equities. He said, "You and me and everybody else," after some hesitation. In the name of loyalty, why are these rebels armed at the expense of the State and put over Union men? They hate them as bad as the bushwhackers do. Nash's and the two Simpson companies hate loyal men just as much as Confederates South. You have but a little flock of true loyalists. Must wolves be set over them? The only strings pulled that partially operate to prevent outrages is the fear of the leading rebels of losing their property and having foreign troops, as they call them, sent here. No loyal man fears a patriotic soldier from any

