
three other companies were to join them last night. A grand concentration of their forces was going on between Parkville and Platte City. Have nothing direct from Weston to-day or from Major Clark.

About ninety of the guerrillas were around Arnoldsville and Tanner yesterday. Killed some citizens and burned houses. I am fearful they have gobbled Snyder's command. They were hunting for him. Your presence is much needed. General Craig and Colonel Bassett are much alarmed, and suggest remedies I know you would no adopt if present. Must I take the responsibility of managing matters as seems best under the circumstances?

G. A. HOLLOWAY,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

SAINT JOSEPH, July 11, 1864.

Brigadier-General FISK,

Glasgow, Mo. (via Macon):

Major Clark and Captain Woods have just come in from Weston, and report that Thornton is at Platte City with about 400 men, including such of Johnston's, Osborn's, Simpson's, and Woods' companies as had joined them. Major Clark was taken prisoner but escaped. Ford's company had joined them when Clark left, and he thinks they will not. The rebels are jubilant, claiming to be Confederate soldiers and clothed in rebel uniforms, of which there were found an abundance in Platte City.

The Paw Paws offered no resistance, but most of them willingly exchanged the blue jacket for gray ones. They threaten Saint Joe and Weston. Thornton publicly instructed them to spare no Federals upon any terms. Men of Platte County are going to them singly and in squads. There seems to have been a general uprising in Thornton's favor. His men are extensively armed with pistols, muskets, and shot-guns.

G. A. HOLLOWAY,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

WYANDOTTE, July 11, 1864.

Major-General ROSECRANS,

Saint Louis:

Bushwhackers again sacked Parkville last night. Ford's, Nash's, and some of Simpson's Paw Paw militia surrendered, and then they conscripted them. Stole horses and mounted them and they went with them. All Paw Paws in county surrendered. A general rising or conspiracy. Say they have the State and will hold it; that all Price's army is scattered over the State and will rise. Say they will return and burn Parkville. Many Union families are there. Can we have troops to protect them? Answer.

GEO. S. PARK.

SAINT LOUIS, July 11, 1864.

Mr. GEORGE S. PARK,

Wyandotte, Kans.:

The general commanding Department of the Missouri is taking all possible steps to secure the peace and protection of your community as

