
promptly as the limited means at his command will permit. Every-third will be done that can be to insure success in destroying the guerrillas.

O. D. GREENE,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

DANVILLE, MO., July 11, 1864.

Brigadier General CLINTON B. FISK:

MY DEAR SIR: It becomes my duty as president of the U. L. of Danville Council to advise you of some of the particulars of a raid by the jayhawkers and bushwhackers in our county on last Thursday, the 7th instant. They made a descent into our county from Callaway County; robbed Union citizens of horses, money, and everything valuable that they could lay hands upon. They also took all the shotguns and revolvers they could find, and destroyed all the rifles by breaking them into pieces. They robbed one Union man (a merchant) of about $3,000 worth of goods and all the money he had on hand. They killed 1 man, wounded 1 or 2 by shooting them, while they beat several others over the head with their revolvers and guns. All of this was done by some thirty-eight men, and they left the country without being molested by the military. The above statements are facts. I will now give you some of the rumors relative to this band of robbers. It is said they were attacked, or rather they attacked, some twenty-two members of Company L, of the Ninth Missouri State Militia, and from my best informants, the Federals being too few in number, there was no general engagement, and it is reported they were pursuing them when last heard from. We have the name of having a company in our county of militia, but the company is so situated as to be entirely anticipated to do us any good; or, in other words, to give us any protection. Captain Stewart has only forty men on duty, and they are without uniforms and poorly armed, so that he could not help us in our present distress. Now, general, in the name of the Union men of this vicinity I appeal to you to know if we must this be left to ourselves and the mercy of the jayhawkers. There is rather a novel case connected with this affair to which I would call your attention. While these raiders were pursuing their works of plunder they arrested a brother of mine, who is a Union man, kept him with them several hours, and before they released him one of the party forced him to swap horses with him, and the point I wish decided is whether he is at liberty to keep the horses which he was forced to take as an equivalent for his, or is it his duty to give said horse up to the military authorities, which had failed to protect him and his property? General, you will much oblige me by answering this point as speedily as possible; that is, of you are accustomed to answer private citizens.

Yours, very respectfully,

SAML. J. MOORE, M. D.,

President of Danville U. L. A.

I hereby certify that the said Samuel J. moore is my successor as President U. L. A. of the Danville Council.

L. A. THOMPSON,

Deputy Grand Lecturer U. L. A. of Montgomery County, Mo.

