
MACON, July 11, 1864.

General FISK,

Glasgow, Mo.:

I have nothing special from any point in the district. I saw Captain Stewart at Wellsville, and Lieutenant Sharp at Mexico, to-day. The whackers are all over Audrain, Callaway, Boone, Monroe, &amp;c. We ought to have more men on active duty. We hold the towns, the guerrillas the country. My men are too much scattered to act effectively against the rebels. I should like concentrate hem. Wont's you be here before you return to Saint Joseph?

JOHN F. WILLIAMS,

Colonel, Commanding.

LEAVENWORTH CITY, July 11, 1864.

Major-General CURTIS:

One of scouts sent over at Delaware, just returned, reports 200 men at Platte City recruiting rapidly, waiting on Shelby's forces to join them, and then co-operate with Quantrill from Westport. Will have more definite information by daylight.

McDOWELL.

WYANDOTTE, July 11, 1864.

Major-General CURTIS:

My wife just over from Parkville. Paw Paws of Nash, Ford, and Simpson surrendered to bushwhackers. Say they forced them to go and fight. Say will take Fitzgerald before night. Went toward Platte City. Say they have the country, taking all the fighting men with them. It appears a general rising of rebels; a conspiracy. Can troops be sent to protect Union families at parkville? They say they will be back and burn the place. They say Price's troops are all over the country to rise. They say Price's troops are all over the country to rise.

GEO. S. PARK.

FORT LEAVENWORTH, July 11, 1864.

General McKEAN,

Paola:

Have your troops prepared with light rations of pinole, dry beef, and hard-bread or the like ready for occasion. Pinole is made of ground parched corn well sifted with equal quantity of sugar. Have the least weight for rations possible, and good haversacks ready. Also have your men so arranged as to conveniently join an assault or pursuit of Thornton's forces, now concentrating in Missouri.

S. R. CURTIS,

Major-General.

(Copy to Colonel Moonlight.)

FORT LEAVENWORTH, July 11, 1864.

Brigadier-General McKEAN,

Paola, Kans.:

I must have one or two companies of cavalry here as soon as possible. Send them from nearest point where they can be spared. I have

