
ordered one section McLain's battery from Lawrence. The rebels are gathering in Platte City and Paw Paw militia joining by companies. Look out.

S. R. CURTIS,

Major-General.

PAOLA, July 11, 1864.

Major C. S. CHARLOT,

Assistant Adjutant-Genera, Fort Leavenworth:

Under General Curtis' instructions, by telegraph to-day, two companies cavalry have been sent to Fort Leavenworth's one from Shawneetown and one from Olathe, both of Sixteenth Kansas.

THOS. J. McKEAN,

Brigadier-General, U. S. Volunteers, Commanding District.

FORT LEAVENWORTH, JULY 11, 1864.

General McKEAN:

Further dispatches show that Paw Paws and bushwhackers have generally united. They threatened Weston, Saint Joseph, and other places, but I think they will move south and very likely try to assail your town. Better again call out the militia and put the arms in their hands so as to be ready. Olathe is a good point to collect them. Will send engineer to lay out fort as soon as I can.

S. R. CURTIS,

Major-General.
HEADQUARTERS DEPARTMENT OF KANSAS,Fort Leavenworth, July 11, 1864 - 3 a. m.

Brigadier-General DRAKE,

Kansas State Militia, Leavenworth City:

GENERAL: We have just received the following information from Weston and deem it reliable: Yesterday afternoon Colonel Thornton raised the rebel flag in Platte City at the head of a band of guerrillas and was joined by three companies of Paw Paw militia. He now has 600 men, and it is supposed that three other companies will have joined him before morning. We are led to believe that he proposes to attack Weston this morning. We sent re-enforcements there and desire that especial care be taken of the Leavenworth ferry.

By direction of Major-General Curtis:

S. S. CURTIS,

Major and Aide-de-Camp.

LEAVENWORTH, July 11, 1864.

Major-General CURTIS:

I have received the following from Wyandotte:

General DRAKE:

Bushwhackers in Parkville this morning forced the Paw Paw militia to go with them. Stole horses and mounted them and went off toward Platte City. Say they can raise a large force in Platte. Appear to be concentrating. Price's army is disbanded and scattered over the State to rise. Can you send arms, &amp;c., to Quindaro?

GEO. S. PARK.

I suggest you keep telegraph open to-night. Have sent across river.

S. A. DRAKE.

