
other State who volunteers to fight for his country, but would receive him with open arms. The cry of radical outrages is all a cloak-all false. When can we be free from all these infernal schemes and trammels, and build on truth and loyalty? Soldiers from other sections might prevent sources of enmity to lasting locally, and would make peace more sure when it did come. Captain Wilson wishes to resign. I hope you will accept it; and as I wrote before, if you can send come one to take the company and drill them and instruct them and act as captain, I have no doubt they would elect him. Most of them have gone home now to harvest and lay by their corn, and a good company of true, loyal men could be raised here. There is not more than fifteen or twenty here now, and they are without discipline or order, and I fear they will be surprised. I have been with them some. I learn they have not more than ten rounds of ammunition apiece. Loyal men mostly take to the brush nights. I fear I trouble you too much, but the troubles are on my mind, and it is a relief to write them to you as they appear to me. I learn the gentleman who furnished the list to the bushwhackers for slaughter says, "It was a list of voters for Judge Herron." Well, we know of some on that list who did not vote for Judge Herron.

Respectfully,

GEO. S. PARK.
HEADQUARTERS DISTRICT OF NORTH MISSOURI,Saint Joseph, Mo., July 1, 1864.

Major-General CURTIS,

Fort Leavenworth, Kans.:

GENERAL: I have the honor to acknowledge the receipt of your communications of 28th ultimo.* I will direct my troops at Ridgeley to see that Captain Fitzegerald's family are safely escorted to Saint Joseph or the fort, as they may desire. Captain Turney, who is now stationed at Ridgeley, informs me that he does not think there will be more trouble in that locality, but it is difficulty to tell where trouble may break out any hour. I am quite discouraged; cannot get reliable troops and have asked General Rosecrans to relieve me from the command of the district. I hope to get a favorable response to my application to-day. You have doubtless seen General Rosecrans' general order appealing to the people of Missouri to unite and save the State from destruction. I am fearful that but little good will come out of the measure. In counties where the disloyal element prevails we shall have trouble in getting 100 good, loyal men, under the right sort of officers. I will do all I can to make things right while I remain here. My family are still with me, and threaten to make a raid on Fort Leavenworth whenever your forces are ready for battle. If Mrs. Curtis will indicate some time during the month that she would not object to re-enforcement of three or four for a day or two (not 100 days), I will communicate the fact to my household, and they will govern themselves accordingly. Not much encouraging news from the front.

I am, general, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

CLINTON B. FISK,

Brigadier-General.

---------------

*See Vol. XXXIV, Part IV, p. 584.

---------------

