
portion of Company I not armed will be armed immediately. One company and one piece of artillery will be sent to the Weston ferry immediately, to remain there until further orders.

By order of Brigadier General T. A. Davies:

D. J. CRAIGIE,

Lieutenant and Acting Assistant Adjutant-General.

FORT KEARNY, July 11, 1864.

General CURTIS:

I think it advisable to established a new post in the vicinity of Julesburg for the protection of the stage line, emigrants, and freighters westward. The Indians are stealing stock in that locality to such an extent as will eventually prevent all supplies going to the mountains. I also think it advisable to change post commanders at Fort Laramie, and if possible I would like to have a captain and assistant quartermaster assigned there. I think it would be a great saving to the Government.

ROBT. B. MITCHELL,

Brigadier-General, Commanding District.
HDQRS. MILITARY DIVISION OF WEST MISSISSIPPI, OFFICE OF THE CHIEF SIGNAL OFFICER,New Orleans, La., July 12, 1864.

Major General E. R. S. CANBY,

Commanding Mil. Div. of West Miss., New Orleans, La.:

GENERAL: I have the honor to submit to your consideration the following consolidated statement of information received at this office this 12th day of July, 1864, concerning the numbers and movements of the enemy's troops:

From Thibodeaux a party of guerrillas are reported on the coast; number not stated. Vincent reported at Pattersonville, La., with 300 men. Bush has headquarters at New Iberia, above Franklin; he has 900 men, and 300 at Saint Martinsville, La. Polignac is reported at Cheneyville, La. (which corresponds with previous statements), with the main body. This would indicate that Bush's men are part of Polignac's division. No mention has been made of him in previous reports. They are supposed to be mounted. Summary of troops on the Teche below Vermillion Bayou, 1,500. Information from Donaldsonville indicates that some rebels are hovering around that place picking up conscripts.

East of the Mississippi.- July 1, a part of the Ninth Louisiana Cavalry [Battalion] are reported to be at Franklin Station, La., numbering 400. This regiment had previously been stationed at Clinton, La., 600 strong. Remaining at Clinton or stationed at some other point, 200. July 4, at Augusta, Miss., there were of the new issue (men from forty-five to fifty), 800, with four 12-pounder rifled guns. July 5, at Columbia, Miss., there were on provost duty of new issue men, 200. July 6, at Holmesville, on the same duty, 150. At Liberty, 200 cavalry and two 12-pounders. July 7, at Clinton, La., there were 800 cavalry and six 12-pounders. Boyle's battalion reported at Amite River Station engaged in conscripting, 350 cavalry. Total report in Northern Louisiana and Southern Mississippi, 3,100; twelve guns. July 8, left

