
Clinton, La., for Jackson, Miss., 500 cavalry. July 9, left for Jackson six guns. Remaining in Clinton, La., 300 cavalry. Remaining in Northern Louisiana and Southern Mississippi, 2,600 cavalry; six guns. Colonel Gober is in command at Clinton, La., in the absence of Colonel Scott, who has gone with troops to Jackson.

Forces at Mobile, Fort Morgan, June 30, 1864.- There are reported two companies Tennessee troops, and four companies Alabama troops, 500 men. Battalion stationed up the beach about a mile from Fort Morgan, 300 men. Eighteen guns are mounted on the rampart, two of which are 10-inch Blakelys, the others are 7-inch rifled and 10-inch smooth-bores. Eight 32-pounders near the light-house, five rifled. Another battery of three guns; a water battery of seven guns west of the fort; howitzers placed in the bastions to sweep the ditches, ten. Total reported at Fort Morgan, 800 men and forty-six guns.

Fort Powell.- Guns in barbette, four guns; garrison, two companies of Twenty-first Alabama, 100 men; one company of cadets, fifty men. Total reported at Powell, 150 men and four guns.

Fort Gaines.-Colonel Anderson, Twenty-first Alabama in the fort, fifty men each; 400 men.

Whole force for the defense of Mobile estimated less than 6,000 men. A formed report states the garrison of Fort Morgan at 600.

ALBERT J. MYER,

Colonel and Signal Officer, U. S. Army.

DEPARTMENT OF STATE,

Washington, July 12, 1864.

Major General N. P. BANKS, &amp;c.,

New Orleans:

GENERAL: In inclose herewith for your information a copy of dispatch Numbers 25, of the 9th of June last, from Franklin Chase, consul-general of the United States at Tampico, relative to the disturbed state of affairs in that district, and the departure of the French forces for Victoria and the frontier of Northern Mexico.

I am, general, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

WILLIAM H. SEWARD.

[Inclosure.]

Numbers 25.] CONSULATE-GENERAL OF THE UNITED STATES, Tampico, June 9, 1864.

Honorable FREDERICK W. SEWARD,

Assistant Secretary of State, &c., Washington:

SIR: I have the honor to acquaint you that a force of about 300 men of all arms left this place on the 7th instant for the city of Victoria, the capital of this State of Tamaulipas, under the command of Colonel Charles Du Peri, who expects to be joined by a much superior force from San Louis Potosi, for the object of bringing the State at once under imperial rule. After occupying Victoria, they are to march to the border of Texas, where, if current reports are true, they will receive auxiliary aid from American rebels, and march against Matamoras. Instead of intervention, the French are conducting a war against the inhabitants of this country under circumstances of the most severe asperity and rigor. On the 3rd instant about twenty per-

