
sons under the accusation of conspirators were arrested, their arms tied with cords, and conducted by a strong military guard in the presence of the superior commandant Du Peri. One citizen of the United States, a Mr. Joseph P. Lang, a quiet and respectable mechanic, was one of the victims, but I demanded and obtained his release after he had been tied to a post about five hours. He, however, was the first to receive his liberty, all of the others having been detained until the following day, when their friends obtained their release under bonds.

I have the honor to be, sir, with the highest respect, your obedient servant,

FRANKLIN CHASE.

THIBODEAUX, July 12, 1864.

Major GEORGE B. DRAKE,

Assistant Adjutant-General:

Your dispatch is received. Colonel Clark, twenty-sixth Indiana, commands at Donaldsonville; Colonel Davis, Twelfth Illinois Cavalry, commands post at Napoleonville; Colonel Harris, Eleventh Wisconsin, commands post at Brashear City; Colonel Lippincott, Thirty-third Illinois, is on court-martial at Vicksburg; Colonel Washburn, Eighteenth Indiana, is not and does not belong here. All quiet.

R. A. CAMERON,

Brigadier-General, Commanding.

DEVALL'S BLUFF, July 12, 1864.

Captain C. H. DYER,

Assistant Adjutant-General, Little Rock:

Lieutenant-Colonel Stephens, eleventh Missouri Cavalry, returned at 4 this p. m. from Des Arc. His patrols went eight miles from Des Arc. He reports that a rebel colonel, Wainos, is at West Point, with 400 or 500 men; that Shelby's forces are at Augusta and Cotton Plant - the artillery at the latter place - also that he has pickets opposite Des Arc. He captured one man, Richard Epperson, who has been a guide for the enemy, also some strayed or lost Government animals. He reports good beef-cattle abundant on the route, and met with no accident or loss.

C. C. ANDREWS,

Brigadier-General.
HEADQUARTERS DEPARTMENT OF ARKANSAS,Little Rock, July 12, 1864.

G. W. ANDERSON,

Devall's Bluff:

DEAR SIR: I have no objection to the Commercial going out of the river if the commander of the gun-boat fleet thinks it safe, but I cannot countermand the orders of the Navy Department. It appears to me that 100 riflemen at Saint Charles could do great damage to a transport without convoy, but I submit the matter to the decision of Captain Grace, commanding gun-boat, who knows better than myself whether or not any danger is to be apprehended.

Very respectfully,

F. STEELE,

Major-General.

