
PINE BLUFF, ARK., July 12, 1864.

Captain C. H. DYER,

Assistant Adjutant-General, District of Little Rock:

Yesterday morning I send out a forage train with an escort of 500 men. They came on the enemy's pickets about twelve miles from here. From all the information obtained from citizens the officers concluded there was a large force of the enemy near (said to be Fagan). After skirmishing with them for some time he fell back to protect the trains and returned without forage. I shall leave here on a reconnaissance in the morning with all the cavalry, and shall take on regiment of infantry out six or eight miles as a reserve. A citizen who came in from near warren reports that General Price is at Camden, his main force encamped at Canaan Camp-Ground, seven miles from Camden; that there are three companies of pioneers working the old roads and making new road leading toward this place, with the object of making a rapid march to cut off our supplies and communication. Hawthorn's brigade are near Monticello.

POWELL CLAYTON,

Colonel, Commanding.

(Same to General Steele.)

FORT LEAVENWORTH, July 12, 1864.

Major-General ROSECRANS:

Bushwhackers, about 200 strong, joined by most of the so-called Paw Paws under Thronton, occupy Platte City and vicinity. They flaunt a rebel flag and boats of expected aid from Quantrill and Shelby, who they say are near by. I understand Colonel Ford is going to move against them soon. No request has come from Platte City for my aid, and am told the people rather have the bushwhackers. Whether they should be allowed to choose is for you to determine. I have telegraphed Colonel Ford that I am ready to co-operate of he desires it, after he shall take initiative. I still hold Weston at the request of the loyal citizens of that place. About twenty bushwhackers entered Barnesville last night but they were resisted by the citizens; after an hour the rebels left. My troops from Potosi are in pursuit eastward through Vernon County.

S. R. CURTIS,

Major-General.

SAINT LOUIS, July 12, 1864.

Major-General CURTIS:

Thanks for your telegram. I much wish your assistance, and telegraphed asking you to please re-enforce Ford with one regiment. Can you do it? If not, can you send a regiment or so under an able and prudent officer, to cross the river at Weston, move on Platte, co-operating with Ford and with orders to report to him, so that there may be one head, or send General Sykes, ordering him to report by telegraph and take orders from these headquarters? The object would be to avoid all unnecessary irritation among Missourians, who on the north of the river are nearly ripe for civil war.

W. S. ROSECRANS,

Major-General.

10 R R - VOL XLI, PT II

