
KANSAS CITY, July 12, 1864.

Major General W. S. ROSECRANS,

Commanding Department:

Colonel Ford was just received the following telegram from Major General Curtis:

FORT LEAVENWORTH, July 12, 1864.

I have nothing from Fisk. I have a force at Weston ready and anxious to strike, but my last from General Fisk requested me to wait till Major Clark asked my help. I will act on your movements of you desire it, but you better take the initiative. The enemy may be 300 strong at Platte City, mounted, bit indifferently armed. You can easily whip them, but should have one or two pieces of artillery. Let me know how and when you can move and I will immediately inform you how I can help you. I can help you. The rebel flag has been quietly floating over Platte City for two days; not a citizen of the place comes to ask aid from my forces; they are evidently a nest of villains, and I hope they will feel your full vengeance. I started steamer Fanny Odgen down to report for duty to you two hours ago.

S. R. CURTIS,

Major-General.

There is but one point in which Colonel Ford differs with General Curtis, and that is in reference to the number of the rebels. Colonel Ford's information, which he deems reliable, makes the enemy number between 600 and 700. Citizens from Parkville report that Captain Ford's company of Enrolled Missouri Militia surrendered to twelve rebels yesterday morning at that place. A later telegram from General Curtis says the rebels pretend they intend moving toward Liberty, but all this is uncertain. They talk of forming a junction with a large force under Shelby; this, of course, is to coax and scare the traitorous sympathizers to join them. My opinion is that they will go eastward and attempt a crossing of the Missouri at some point not far east or west of Lexington. I will mention in cipher what force Colonel Ford will have available to move with to-morrow morning. Some concert of action should be had between the forces north and south of the river, and I respectfully request that you so order.

JAS. TOTTEN,

Brigadier-General, &amp;c.

SAINT LOUIS, MO., July 12, 1864.

Major O. D. Greene:

SIR: In accordance with verbal orders from the general commanding I proceeded to Pilot Knob, Mo., Saturday morning, July 9, and have the honor to report as follows: Fort Davidson, situated at that point, I found to be in good condition with the following exceptions, viz: The well is placed in one apartment of the magazine, making it necessary to enter the magazine for water and adding to the natural dampness of the place. In another apartment the ceiling is so wet that the water almost drips from it. The covered way leading from the fort toward Shepherd's Mountain, constructed for the purpose of obtaining better water from the brook, is in a right line and can be perfectly enfiladed from the mountain. The fort itself is commanded by the mountain, sharpshooters being able to get within 800 yards, of not nearer, and have a plunging fire into the fort. The commandant of the post has cleared away the trees 200 or 300 yards up from the foot of the hill and intends carrying it farther. Artillery could be placed on it only with great difficulty, as it is steep and rocky, with but one road, and that from the Pilot Knob side. The fort commands all the roads leading into the town. The only other good positions for a work in the imme-

