
diate vicinity are on the hill north of Pilot Knob. Here there are three points at which a work might be erected. The first about sixty feet above the valley on a piece of ground slightly inclined, but very rocky. The position commands all the roads, but no so well as Fort Davidson. It is just above the quartermaster's and railroad depots and would protect them perfectly. Water could be reached at about seventy feet. The second position is just above the first, but does not defend the railroad and foot of hill as well, and it would be more difficult to get water. The third position is near the top and has same objections as second. It is, however, more nearly level and commands more extended view of country. The whole hill is a mass of rocks, and it would require much labor to erect a work. Colonel Tyler, commandant of post, informed me there was a spring at the top of the hill, but it has now disappeared.

I have the honor to be, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

AMOS STICKNEY,

Lieutenant, U. S. Engineers.

GENERAL ORDERS, HDQRS. DEPARTMENT OF THE MISSOURI, Numbers 116. Saint Louis, Mo., July 12, 1864.

Paragraph V, of General Orders, Numbers 114, series of 1863, having been suspended in orders from these headquarters, is hereby declared to be again in force, and is republished for the information and guidance of all concerned:

* * * * * *

V. That from and after the issuing of this order no skiffs or small row-boats shall be permitted to ply in this harbor, but every boat except those belonging to steam-boats shall be taken to such place

as the provost-marshal shall direct, and there he kept under guard until further orders; and that the small boats of all steamers shall be kept on deck or properly drawn out of water.

* * * * * *

By command of Major-General Rosecrans:

O. D. GREENE,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

SAINT LOUIS, MO., July 12, 1864.

Colonel BONNEVILLE,

Benton Barracks:

Direct the commanding officer of Seventeenth Illinois Cavalry to get ready at once. Furnish him a guide who knows the country between the Bonhomme road and the Olive street plank-road and send him on scout in that direction. Tell him that a band of guerrillas, 150, is reported at James Clements; place on old Bonhomme road, and caution him to take one day's rations and start as soon as possible. We send a body from this place on the direct road.

W. S. ROSECRANS,

Major-General.

BENTON BARRACKS, July 12, 1864.

Major-General ROSECRANS:

Lieutenant-Colonel Caldwell has his 239 men mounted on borrowed horses, and after getting their one day's rations, which will take half

