
an hour, they will be off. I send a detachment of twenty to Saint Charles Ferry and one of twenty to Hawkes' Ferry, to take charge to boats there and at all intermediate places to prevent rebels crossing to North Missouri. The rest I will send as your ordered. I will return to city as soon as they start. I have ordered a guard from cavalry depot for horses corral on Saint Charles road, where we have 1,000 horses nearly unguarded. Everything else about here safe.

THOMAS EWING, JR.,

Brigadier-General.

PILOT KNOB, July 12, 1864.

General EWING:

Major Wilson telegraphed from Patterson that Lieutenant Shattuck just returned from Ripley County, where he killed 3 guerrillas and brought in 2 prisoners. There was nothing very bad against the prisoners.

J. F. TYLER,

Colonel, Commanding.

SAINT LOUIS, MO., July 12, 1864.

Brigadier-General GUITAR,

Rolla, Mo.:

The special orders directing the movement of the One hundred and thirty-fifth and One hundred and forty-fifth Illinois Volunteer Infantry is suspended until further orders.

By order of Major-General Rosecrans:

FRANK ENO,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

(Same to Brigadier-General Brown, Warrensburg, Mo.)

ROLLA, MO., July 12, 1864.

Colonel O. D. GREENE:

A party of citizens in Crawford County shot and mortally wounded 3 men near Steelville on yesterday. They were armed and dressed as bushwhackers. One of them, Charles Bostwick, claims to be a sergeant in Company B, Seventh Missouri Cavalry, and Samuel Stewart to be private in same company, deserters. The other was named Ballantine Summers. All three will probably die.

O. GUITAR.
HEADQUARTERS DISTRICT OF CENTRAL MISSOURI,Warrensburg, Mo., July 12, 1864.

Major General W. S. ROSECRANS,

Commanding Department of Missouri, Saint Louis:

GENERAL: I have the honor to acknowledge the receipt of your telegraph of the 8th instant, directing me to give attention to the manner in which local commanders presume to order the citizen guards while our own troops sleep. Complaints were made by the citizens of Lexington and Kansas City that they were unnecessarily compelled to do

