
duty, picket and other duty, and I believe the irregularities of these, of there were any, have been corrected. The want of energy of character selected by the soldiers in their officers is one of the many difficulties that are entailed on a commander in Missouri, and as a general rule they have to little, not too much, authority. The complaints usually come from the rebel sympathizers, who are forced to assist in protecting the loyal men and their property. The rebels do not feel any apprehension from the visits of the bushwhackers, except in isolated cased. The troops have been constantly in the field, and I have found it necessary to compel the citizens in the towns to rely upon themselves for immediate protection. Last year the complaint was made "that the guerrillas held the country and the troops the towns." In trying to correct this cause of fault-finding, and believing that the towns are best protected by holding the country around them, the thickly settled communities complain that they have to do too much to secure their own safety, though I have no doubt that our officers sometimes require more of the people than may be absolutely necessary.

I am, very truly, your obedient servant,

E. B. BROWN,

Brigadier-General of Volunteers, Commanding.

WARRENSBURG, MO., July 12, 1864.

Major O. D. GREENE,

Assistant Adjutant-General:

I have the honor to report Colonel Ford has 400 men at Kansas City. I have ordered him to cross the river, and if he cannot fight the rebels to harass them, join his force with any troops he may find of ours and act in concert with them. The detachment of the Seventh will be at Kansas City to-night. I have ordered Major Houts of that regiment, who is scouting with 150 men on the line of La Fayette and Jackson Counties, to move to Kansas City and report to Colonel Ford.

E. B. BROWN,

Brigadier-General of Volunteers, Commanding.

SAINT LOUIS, July 12, 1864.

General E. B. BROWN,

Warrensburg, Mo.:

The general commanding is gratified with your promptness in getting the troops in motion for the north side of the river. You must, however, send more of the Seventh to Ford, as he will probably have to fight near 1,000 men. The following dispatch from General Sanborn received and forward for your action:

SPRINGFIELD, MO., July 11, 1864.

Major O. D. GREENE:

Captain Frank Gregg, with a company of Confederate soldiers or bushwhackers, has passed north through Laclede County to-day. I have a detachment under Captain Chitwood following them close up. The detachment of militia at Hartville had an affair with this company day before yesterday, in which 5 rebels were killed and saddles, blankets, bridles, and guns captured. A citizen whom they had had prisoner and who escaped says that Captain Gregg intends to cross the Osage at Duroc.

J. B. SANBORN,

Brigadier-General.

