
If they do cross at Duroc they will probably make for the Cole Camp country. Cannot halt at Sedalia. Look our for them at once.

O. D. GREENE,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

KANSAS CITY, July 12, 1864.

Brigadier General E. B. BROWN,

Warrensburg:

I respectfully ask to be placed in command of the troops arriving to-night from Warrensburg. Colonel Ford says he will cross the river to-night and march on the enemy at daylight.

H. SUESS,

Major, &amp;c.

WARRENSBURG, July 12, 1864.

Major H. SUESS,

Chief of Cavalry:

You will assume command of the Seventh Missouri State Militia and section of artillery arriving at Kansas City to-night, but they will not be in condition to move forward immediately unless absolutely necessary. See that your command is well supplied with ammunition.

By order of Brigadier-General Brown:

J. H. STEGER,

Assistant Adjutant-General.
SPECIAL ORDERS, HDQRS. DISTRICT OF CENTRAL MISSOURI, Numbers 145. Warrensburg, Mo., July 12, 1864.

* * * * * *

II. Colonel James McFerran, First Cavalry Missouri State Militia, is hereby relieved from the command of the troops in Johnson, Henry, and Saint Clair Counties, and will move with and established the headquarters of his regiment at such point as he may deem best in La Fayette County, and will assume command of all troops in La Fayette and Saline Counties. Commanding officers of companies of the First Cavalry Missouri State Militia, stationed within the counties of Johnson, Henry, and Saint Clair, will, until further orders, forward all returns and reports (with the exception of the company monthly return) direct to these headquarters. Having selected a point at which to locate the headquarters of his command, Colonel McFerran will immediately report the same to these headquarters.

* * * * * *

By order of Brigadier-General Brown:

J. H. STEGER,Assistant Adjutant-General.

WARRENSBURG, July 12, 1864.

Colonel GEORGE H. HALL,

Sedalia:

Captain Frank [Gregg] has passed through Laclede County, going north, to-day. He intends to cross the Osage at Duroc. You will

