
KANSAS CITY, MO., July 12, 1864.

Major General S. R. CURTIS,

Commanding Department of Kansas;

I have no information of any other rebel force except about 200 bushwhackers under Quantrill and Todd that have been infesting my sub-district for the last two months. I do not even hear a rumor of Shelby's coming up. Fanny Ogden just reported. Will keep you advised as to all my movements and all information I receive.

J. H. FORD,

Colonel, Commanding Fourth Sub-District.

KANSAS CITY, MO., July 12, 1864.

Major-General CURTIS,

Commanding Department of Kansas:

General Fisk, from Glasgow, asks me if I can assist in a campaign against Thornton. I answered that I could send from 300 to 400 well-mounted men this p.m. whenever General Fisk and General Curtis would suggest, and in any direction that they may say. A co-operation of all our forces I think would bag the whole outfit. General Fisk is desirous that I should move at once. My re-enforcements from Warrensburg will be here to-morrow. I await your advice. I will be in telegraph office immediately after dinner. Our troops should carry their guidons, as to distinguish each other from the enemy, as many of them are dressed in Federal uniform. I will have one section of artillery here to-night. Have made arrangements for fresh horses for them on their arrival.

J. H. FORD.

KANSAS CITY, July 12, 1864.

Major-General CURTIS:

General Fisk's assistant adjutant-general telegraphs me that he can send 150 mounted men to co-operate with four forces, and proposes as follows:

That I cross the river here with my command and proceed to Smithville, while their forces will move from Saint Joe, through Ridgeley, and join me at Smithville, and your force move from Weston and Leavenworth, on direct road to Platte City. Then says he is willing to follow my instructions. I am unacquainted in those counties. What do you think of his plan, or had I better move directly on Platte City? The Fanny Ogden can only carry one-half of my command at one time. I therefore deem it more expedient to cross here and move by land. The boat has had some of her machinery broken, but is repaired now, and ready to commence crossing. Troops from Warrensburg not yet arrived, but will be in to-night. If you do not like his plan will you suggest one. State where you wish me to move to, and what time you wish me to be at any given point-I will be there. Report says they can muster at least 1,000 armed men. Assistant adjutant-general at Saint Joe also says that the troops will be ready to move early in the morning, but can start earlier if it is necessary. Had better cross to-night, so as to leave by daylight in the morning.

JAMES H. FORD,

Colonel, &amp;c.

