
mounted to-morrow. I am anxious to be on the road, as the weather is cool and fine for traveling. I have received the map sent with Lieutenant Carter, and will have it mounted before starting, if possible.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

JOHN CLOWNEY,

Major Thirtieth Regiment Wisconsin Vol. Infty., Commanding

NEW ORLEANS, July 2, 1864.

(Via Cairo 8th. Received 12.10 p. m.)

Major General H. W. HALLECK,

Chief of Staff:

The First Division of the Nineteenth Army corps is 6,200 strong. Is arriving and will be embarked in the course of the night. They will reach Fort Monroe from the 8th to the 10th. This employs all the sea-going vessels we have here. The Second Division (6,000 strong) will be in readiness to sail as soon as other vessels arrive. The sick of the regiments will be sent to New York with the exception of those who will be fit for duty in twenty days; these last will follow their regiments to Fort Monroe.

ED. R. S. CANBY,

Major-General.

GENERAL ORDERS, HDQRS. DEPARTMENT OF THE GULF, Numbers 82. New Orleans, July 2, 1864.

The major-general commanding the Military Division of West Mississippi having made a requisition upon this department for 2,000 horses for the use of the army, all persons having horses in their possession that have not been already exempted from service or seizure are hereby directed forthwith to produce them to the commission of inspection at the Steam Cotton Press, Levee, without delay, under penalty of confiscation for non-compliance with this order. Certificates of exemption will be given by the commission of exemption for such horses as are not retained for public service. Colonel J. G. Wilson, Major Carpenter, and Lieutenant Newhall, inspectors, will be found at Steam Cotton Press, Levee. All questions relating to the detention or release of horses under this order will be subject to their decision.

By command of Major-General Banks:

GEORGE B. DRAKE,

Assistant Adjutant-General.
SPECIAL ORDERS, HDQRS. DEPARTMENT OF THE GULF, Numbers 174. New Orleans, July 2, 1864.

* * * * * *

13. The Ninety-ninth U. S. Colored Infantry will at once return to Morganza and be reported to the commanding officer for duty., The quartermaster's department will furnish the necessary transportation.

* * * * * *

By command of Major-General Banks:

J. S. CROSBY,Acting Assistant Adjutant-General.

