
GLASGOW, MO., July 12, 1864.

Captain G. A. HOLLOWAY,

Assistant Adjutant-General:

I shall not leave here until to-morrow. Will be a day or two getting down, as I shall stir up the people en route. Colonel Draper must organize against Thornton forthwith. The villain and all his Confederate friends must go to death, or flee the district. I have asked Generals Curtis and Brown to join in the chase. What can be done from Saint Joseph?

CLINTON B. FISK,

Brigadier-General.

SAINT JOSEPH, July 12, 1864.

General FISK, Glasgow:

General Craig has worked three or four days to get volunteers under General Orders, Numbers 107, but has only succeeded in getting seven men. Captains Thompson and Bradshaw, of the old Twenty-fifth, have organized, volunteer companies to protect the city, and ask, for arms to be used temporarily in defense of the town. The companies are composed of exempts. General Craig is very solicitous you should give them the guns for the time being. these are the companies I referred to and will be of service to us in case of an emergency. Mr. Rodman and other men offer to be responsible for them. Please give them an answer. I learn this morning that Captain Ford's company, of Parkville, have also joined the rebels. Do not know exactly how many men General Curtis has sent to Weston. Ask him for our information. We can count on 400 men here, including the militia. Claggett's company was ordered into active service yesterday; also Captain majors' company at Savannah. I sent you a long dispatch yesterday morning via Macon.

G. A. HOLLOWAY,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

FORT LEAVENWORTH, July 12, 1864.

Captain HOLLOWAY:

Take steamer or cars with all the cavalry you can bring, and come to Weston to-night. Colonel Ford starts at daylight to-morrow morning. General Fisk has requested me to combine movements to strike Platte and Clay. Ford expects to be at Platte City by 11 to-morrow. I am ready to be there any hour, but I want troops of Missouri Department to lead. Telegraph your movements immediately. Operators will please keep open and up.

S. R. CURTIS,

Major-General.

SAINT JOSEPH, July 12, 1864.

Major-General CURTIS, Fort Leavenworth:

We have ordered the train, and will endeavor to be at Weston by 8 o'clock to-morrow morning.

Respectfully,

G. A. HOLLOWAY,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

