
PAOLA, July 12, 1864.

Major C. S. CHARLOT,

Assistant Adjutant-General, Fort Leavenworth:

Colonel Moonlight, commanding at Mound City, reports that last night at 8 o'clock twenty guerrillas entered Barnesville. The citizens showed stubborn resistance and guerrillas left in an hour. A detachment from Potosi started in pursuit.

THOS. J. McKEAN,

Brigadier-General, U. S. Volunteers, Commanding District.

FORT LEAVENWORTH, July 12, 1864.

Brigadier-General DRAKE,

Leavenworth:

I am preparing a combined move into Missouri early to-morrow morning. Your militia must take care of the city, and if you could send militia (mounted) company to join my troops at Weston by 8 a.m., or if they could move forward so as to unite otherwise, it would be well. But no move must be made in that direction to-morrow without my knowledge and consent for fear of mistaken conflicts. Can the ferry-boat be spared? I want it for a cruiser.

S. R. CURTIS.

Major-General.

PAOLA, July 12, 1864.

Colonel BLAIR:

Colonel Moonlight reports this morning that twenty guerrillas entered Barnesville last night at 8 o'clock, and the citizens showed stubborn resistance, and guerrillas left in an hour. Lieutenant Lindsay, Eleventh Kansas Cavalry, commanding at Potosi, started in pursuit eastward. Dispatches from General Curtis state that the bushwhackers are concentrating in Platte County under Thornton, and that the Paw Paw militia are joining them by companies. They threaten Weston and adjoining places, but it is believed they will move south. General Curtis directs that the troops in this district be kept in readiness to join in an assault or pursuit.

GEO. S. HAMPTON,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

MOUND CITY, July 12, 1864.

Colonel C. W. BLAIR:

Last night at 8 o'clock twenty guerrillas entered Barnesville. The citizens offered stubborn resistance, and the guerrillas left in an hour. One of my scouts brought me news this morning that Marchbanks stopped night before last at a Mr. Davis', four miles this side of Ball's Mills. This is Marchbanks' first appearance this season.

MOONLIGHT,

Colonel

