
your action in the matter of sending a portion of your battery from Lawrence to Fort Leavenworth. He directs me to say that it is presumed the detachment sent to Leavenworth will not be kept but a short time, and that as soon as the present emergency is over it will be returned to you. It is not deemed advisable at the present time to order that portion of your battery now at Fort Larned any farther east.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

GEO. S. HAMPTON,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

EXECUTIVE DEPARTMENT COLORADO TERRITORY,

Denver, July 12, 1864.

Colonel J. M. CHIVINGTON,

Commanding District of Colorado:

SIR: I herewith inclose for your information copy of a letter received from Brigadier-General Mitchell; also copy of a letter received from Brigadier-General Carleton, commanding Department of New Mexico.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

JNO. EVANS,

Governor of Colorado Territory.

[Inclosure Numbers 1.]
HEADQUARTERS DEPARTMENT OF NEW MEXICO,Santa Fe, N. Mex., June 26, 1864.

His Excellence JOHN EVANS,

Governor of Colorado, Denver City, Colo. Ter.:

DEAR SIR: Your letter of the 16th instant was handed to me by Captain Benjamin C. Cutler, assistant adjutant-general last evening. I regret to hear that the Indians in Colorado are becoming hostile. Your Excellency perhaps may not have heard that we are now in the midst of active operations against the numerous hordes of Apaches in Arizona, and that nearly all the available force in the department is now occupied in that campaign or in conducting captive Navajo Indians from their native country to the Bosque Redondo, on the Pecos River, a distance of more than 300 miles, or in guarding nearly 7,000 of their captives at Fort Sumner and at Fort Canby. A short time since a band of guerrillas robbed some trains upon the Cimarron River and I have troops in pursuit of them from Fort Union and from Fort Bascom. I mention these matters to show how the small number of men now under my command are employed. But when we were menaced and in trouble you came to help us, and you may be sure that should you need our assistance we will respond to your calls as far as possible to the last man that can be spared. I will try to get some more troops to Fort Union at the earliest practicable moment, and will help you all we can. Be of good cheer, for if Colorado and New Mexico join in hostilities against the Utes I believe by the end of next winter we could bring them to such a state as to make any other campaign unnecessary. It would be well to avoid a collision until the snow falls, if possible. The winter time is the most favorable for operations against Indians, as then no time is lost in trailing, and they soon become exhausted of supplies, and being embarrassed by their families cannot so well elude pursuit. Of course a war with that or any other tribe is to be avoided altogether

