
if possible. When it is commenced it should be commenced because they have been the aggressors and are clearly in the wrong. In this case the punishment should be very severe. I mention these matters to before war is resorted to. Then if we must have war in spite of our efforts, Colorado and New Mexico united may make it a war which they will remember.

I am very respectfully, Your Excellency's obedient servant,

JAMES H. CARLETON,

Brigadier-General, Commanding.

[Inclosure Numbers 2.]

FORT KEARNY, NEBR. TER., July 4, 1864.

His Excellency JOHN EVANS,

Governor of Colorado Territory:

SIR: I have the honor to acknowledge the receipt of three communications with accompanying inclosures from you, calling my attention to the Indian depredations along the line of the Platte River. I am aware of the existing troubles along this line from personal knowledge obtained while at Cottonwood Springs a few weeks ago, and scouts sent out for that purpose. I am at present on my way out along the route in order that I may better understand the existing difficulties, and render all the assistance possible with the limited, means at my disposal. I have made application to department headquarters for more troops, but have been unable to get any. Perhaps it would be well for you to make a similar request, as it is impossible for me with the troops under my command and my instructions from department headquarters to more than protect the main line of communication with the West. You can rest assured I will gladly do anything in my power to render the route to Colorado safe, but I have not the troops with which to establish more forts at present. The Indians encamped on the Republican are not in my district, but in the District of North Kansas. I had intended collecting as many troops as possible and conducting an expedition against the Indians depredating along the line, but orders received from department headquarters at the moment of leaving Omaha forced me wholly upon the defensive and along the main line. I had thought that by weakening the posts long enough to strike the Indians at their camps or wherever found, would be a better mode of protection than by simply occupying the lines. I am satisfied there will be more or less trouble with the Indians during the summer, but think it will be confined to petty depredations committed by strolling bands and not by any combined efforts of the Indians in this district. I have had a consultation with the Ogallala and Brule Sioux, they pledging themselves not to molest the whites, and that if they were forced into the trouble by the other Indians they would assist the whites against the Arapahoes, Cheyennes, and Kiowas. I am satisfied that their protestations of friendship can, for the present at least, be trusted.

I am, Governor, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

ROBT. B. MITCHELL,

Brigadier-General, Commanding District of Nebraska.

GENERAL ORDERS, HDQRS. DEPARTMENT OF NEW MEXICO, Numbers 22. Santa Fe, N. Mex., July 12, 1864.

The condition of affairs in the Department of New Mexico, having reference to the proximity of Texas and to the fact that Confederate

