
places in New Mexico, viz: Las Cruces, Fort McRae, Fort Craig, Los Pines, Albuquerque, Santa Fe, Fort Sumner, Fort Bascom, and Fort Union. These passports will be numbered and registered by provost-marshals, and will be countersigned by commanding officers.

All civil magistrates and officers of civil courts, and all lawyers practicing in the country, and all officers of the United States who have business in the department, as well as all resident citizens not natives of New Mexico, or Arizona, will, on application, be furnished with standing passports, which they can exhibit when traveling whenever it becomes necessary so to do. Officers and soldiers and military employes will also be obliged to have such passports, or to have the written orders or leaves under which the travel. This rule does not prohibit the people desire hereafter, as they have heretofore, to have them in going to and returning from the States.

It is, therefore, ordered that whenever hereafter any of the persons here described arrive at or desire to depart from any of the posts or places here named, they will be required by the commanding officer or by the provost-marshal, under the direction of the commanding officer, to show their passports, and to give information so that their names, residence and destination may be registered. Should they fail to do this, they will not be permitted to depart. Non-residents of New Mexico, or Arizona who are American citizens and not aliens will be required to take and subscribe to the oath of allegiance to the United States before they will be furnished with a passport, and a certificate that they have taken such oath must be entered upon the passport itself, and the oath, duly attested, will be sent by the commanding officer to department headquarters.

In times like these we must know who are our friends and who are our enemies. It is but a slight inconvenience to a good and loyal man to conform to these rules, and it may be the means of detecting the traitors who are still plotting to bring this beautiful country again under the cloud and the blight and the mildew which seem to overshadow as a pall and attach as a curse to every spot of our beloved land over which this cruel and causeless rebellion has had sway.

By command of Brigadier-General Carleton:

BEN. C. CUTLER,

Assistant Adjutant-General.
HEADQUARTERS GARRISON FOR FORT WADSWORTH,Camp Numbers 4., on Eight-Mile Creek, Minn., July 12, 1864.

Captain R. C. OLIN,

Assistant Adjutant-General:

SIR: I have the honor to report having left Fort Ridgely on the 10th instant and joined my command at Redwood Creek on the morning of the 11th. While there encamped I found that my transportation was too limited, all the wagons being too heavily laden. The one for use of headquarters contained 30,000 rounds of ball-cartridges, in addition to the usual baggage. The section of artillery has 5,000 pounds of ammunition, some of which had to be placed on teams already too heavily laden. Upon a careful examination of the different wagons, I thought it proper and necessary, if possible, to provide more transportation, and accordingly sent my acting quartermaster with a guard to seize a four-mule Government team I found returning to Fort Ridgely,

