
having been out on business not connected with the U. S. service. We left camp on Redwood Creek in the evening and marched eight or nine miles, camping near a small lake or pond. To-day we marched eight miles and camped at Eight-Mile Creek. Captain McKusick arrived to-day. we will strike tents and proceed to march at 5 a.m. to-morrow, having advanced the rear guard and flankers. No signs of any enemy, save the appearance of an Indian at a distance on the evening of the 11th.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

JOHN CLOWNEY,

Major Thirtieth Wisconsin Vol. Infantry, Commanding Expedition.
HEADQUARTERS FORT ABERCROMBIE, DAK. TER.,July 12, 1864.

Captain R. C. OLIN,

Asst. Adjt. General, District of Minnesota, Saint Paul, Minn.:

SIR: Last week some forty Chippewa Indians, from Leech Lake, visited this post and informed me that they were going to visit the Sioux. I ordered them to return to their reservation and hereafter not to visit the post without permission from the brigadier-general commanding. Cannot some means be adopted whereby these Indians can be made to remain on their reservation? For some weeks past Chippewa have been seen prowling on the road between here and Sauk Centre. The soldiers, not being able to distinguished them from Sioux, might some day harm them. I would respectfully, ask for instructions on this matter.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

C. H. MIX,

Captain Company A, Independent Batt. Minn. Vols., Commanding Post.

SPECIAL ORDERS, HDQRS. MIL. DIV., OF WEST MISS., Numbers 66. New Orleans, La., July 13, 1864.

* * * *

VII. Brigadier General R. A. Cameron, U. S. Volunteers, is hereby relieved from the operation of Special Orders, Numbers 41, paragraph, 5 current series, from these headquarters,* and will report without delay to the commanding general of the Department of the Gulf for assignment to duty.

By order of Major General E. R. S. Canby:

C. T. CHRISTENSEN

Major and Assistant Adjutant-General.

SPECIAL ORDERS, HDQRS. DEPARTMENT OF THE GULF, Numbers 185. New Orleans, July 13, 1864.

I. The Thirteenth Wisconsin Battery, now at Baton Rouge, will proceed without delay to Morganza and be reported to the commanding officer at that point to receive the horses, guns, and equipments complete of the First Vermont Battery. The quartermaster's department will furnish the necessary transportation.

---------------

*See Vol. XXXIV, Part IV, p.439.

---------------

