
II. That portion of the First Vermont Battery whose term of service has expired will be immediately mustered out of service at Morganza and will then proceed in charge of the senior officer, via Cairo, to the original rendezvous in Vermont, there to be paid off in accordance with Circular 36, of 1864, from the War Department, Adjutant-General's Office. The quartermaster's department will furnish the necessary transportation.

III. The commissioned officers and enlisted men of the First Vermont Battery whose term of service has not expired will proceed, as soon as the battery has been turned over to the Thirteenth Wisconsin, to Port Hudson, where they will be reported to the commanding officer to serve out the remainder of their term with the Second Vermont Battery. The quartermaster's department will furnish the necessary transportation.

* * * * *

By command of Major-General Banks:

J. S. CROSBY,

Acting Assistant Adjutant-General.

GENERAL ORDERS, HDQRS. DEPT. OF ARKANSAS, ETC., Numbers 50. Little Rock, Ark., July 13, 1864.

I. District commanders will require itineraries to be kept by all commanding officers of expeditions and scouts, containing full descriptions of the country, roads, cross-roads, forage, water-courses, town, churches, stores, and places of public resort.

II. In order to carry out this order an acting topographical engineer will be detailed by the commanding officer of each detachment from the officers or enlisted men of his command. He will be excused from all other duty until the completion of his report, which will be sent at the end of the march to the district commander, who will send a copy or the original to the chief engineer at department headquarters. The officer making the report will be guided by paragraphs 710, 712, 713, 714 and 715, Revised Army Regulations, 1863, except in the column marked "Route." The sketch of the road or trail passed over will be like a map and so made that the top will be north and the bottom south. Townships and sections in which particular places are located will always when possible [be mentioned.] The sketch will include as much of the country on each side of the road as can be determined without delaying the march of the column.

By order of Major General F. Steele:

W. D. GREEN,

Lieutenant-Colonel and Assistant Adjutant-General.

LIBERTY, CLAY COUNTY, MO., July 13, 1864.

Colonel SANDERSON:

SIR: I wrote you yesterday and propose to say more to you to-day, and speak more of matters which immediately concern your office as provost-marshal-general. There will be, or perhaps has already bene, an effort made to get your assistant provost-marshal removed from this post. Interested persons wish to procure the appointment of Thomas Sublett,

