
and if not successful they will ask the appointment of some other persons who can be used to the disadvantage of the Government and Union men. Now, my object in writing to-day is to say to you that the present incumbent (Mr. Cohrs) has succeeded in giving the Union men entire confidence in him as sa competent officer, at true Union man, and active and efficient in the discharge of every duty; and I here say that he has the entire confidence of all truly loyal Union men here, and deserves to be firmly supported in the discharge of his duties at this post. There are many men here calling themselves Union men who do not pass muster among us as such. This letter is to warn you against such. Try them well before trusting them; the good man will not object to this. Hoping that my writing to you may contribute something toward a proper understanding of our troubles and assist in providing against a continuing of the horrors of the times, and assist in removing at least some of the mystery surrounding our poor distracted country,

I am, sir, yours, &amp;c.,

J. J. ARMSTRONG.

[First indorsement.]
HEADQUARTERS DEPARTMENT OF THE MISSOURI,OFFICE PROVOST-MARSHAL-GENERAL,

Saint Louis, Mo., July 17, 1864.

Respectfully forwarded to the general commanding for his information in regard to the condition of things at Liberty and in Clay County.

J. P. SANDERSON,

Provost-Marshal-General.

[Second indorsement.]
HEADQUARTERS DEPARTMENT OF THE MISSOURI,Saint Louis, July 19, 1864.

Respectfully referred to Brigadier General Clinton B. Fisk, commanding District of North Missouri, for his indorsement, as it appears that this paper refers to the military condition of affairs in that section.

By order of Major-General Rosecrans:

FRANK ENO,

Assistant Adjutant-General.
HEADQUARTERS THIRD BRIGADE, FIRST DIVISION,Little Rock, July 13, 1864.

Captain A. BLOCKI,

Assistant Adjutant-General:

SIR: I have information from officers of Third Missouri Cavalry that a patrol of eight men were fired on this morning, and 3 men wounded and 1 supposed killed. The seven men who returned to camp did not see the enemy, who fired from the brush. The commanding officer sent out a party to look for the enemy. I have received no official information on the subject.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

CYRUS BUSSEY,

Brigadier-General, Commanding.

