
LITTLE ROCK, ARK., July 13, 1864.

Brigadier General C. C. ANDREWS,

Devall's Bluff:

Pickets at Brownsville attacked. Prospect of the railroad being injured. Send them assistance, either infantry on train or cavalry by marching, as you deem most expeditious.

By order of Brigadier General E. A. Carr:

C. H. DYER,

Assistant Adjutant-General.
HEADQUARTERS DISTRICT OF LITTLE ROCK,Little Rock, Ark., July 13, 1864.

Colonel O. WOOD,

Brownsville:

It is hardly possible that there is any large force in your neighborhood. I have a force at Searcy; heard from there to-day; heard from Hickory Plains and Des Arc yesterday. There is a force of our cavalry near Ashley's Station. On which side were your pickets attacked? I think you had better move out immediately and drive them away. I will send you re-enforcement if necessary. Answer immediately. Notify General Andrews that your pickets have been attacked.*

E. A. CARR,

Brigadier-General, Commanding.

BROWNSVILLE, ARK., July 13, 1864-10.20 p.m.

Captain C. H. DYER:

The rebs have divided their force, a part going south on Prairie Long, the others still on the prairie in front of us. Think they will tear up the track to-night. Am afraid they will destroy the bridge at Bayou Two Prairie. There are only sixteen men there.

O. WOOD.

Colonel.

PINE BLUFF, ARK., July 13, 1864.

Captain C. H. DYER,

Asst. Adjt. General, District of Little Rock:

Colonel Clayton left here this morning with 800 cavalry, one regiment of infantry, and seven pieces of artillery on a reconnaissance down the river. I hear that he found the enemy in force within sixteen miles. He has not returned yet.

HANS MATTSON,

Colonel Third Minnesota Infantry, Commanding.

WESTON, July 13, 1864.

(Received 14th.)

General ROSECRANS:

Colonel Ford, from Kansas, and Captain Holloway, from Saint Joseph, have united with my force here, and will be ready to move against rebels in an hour. Thornton has moved from Platte City to Camden, about ten miles out, where he has called a public meeting.

---------------

*For Wood's dispatch, to which this is an answer, see Part I, p. 68.

---------------

