
My troops will go under Colonel Ford to attend it. My son, Major Curtis, will go with my troops. You must send troops of your own command, general, as I have enough for mine to do on my own side.

S. R. CURTIS,

Major-General.

KANSAS CITY, July 13, 1864.

Major-General ROSECRANS:

Colonel Ford left this place this morning at 5 o'clock with a force of about 12 officers, 350 mounted men, to join Curtis' and Fisk's forces in Platte County, for the purpose of attacking the rebels assembling there. I have about completed my inspection here, but shall not be able to get down the river until navigation is again open.

JAS. TOTTEN.

Brigadier-General.

KANSAS CITY, July 13, 1864.

Major-General ROSECRANS:

Colonel Ford and command reached Weston at 1 o'clock this afternoon. General Curtis and staff had gone to Weston probably to see the troops off. Colonel Ford promised to keep me informed by messengers of anything important which transpires in connection with his expedition, all of which I will report to you when it reaches me. I think it would be well to have a steam-boat here, so that if the rebels attempt to strike any point below this they might be intercepted. If you think so, please request General Curtis to send the Fanny Ogden back to Kansas City. He has the steamer Emilie under his charge, besides the Ogden.

J. TOTTEN

Brigadier-General.

SAINT LOUIS, MO., July 13, 1864.

Brigadier-General TOTTEN,

Kansas City:

Ford will have enough to destroy the rebel force. I hope greatest secrecy and energy will be used, officers thoroughly instructed. All the Paw Paws who pretend to do duty should be put in requisition, those who are doubtful should be disarmed and arms sent to Weston for safety. It was expected that Ford would move at once. To-night 200 men are expected to move from Saint Joseph. General Curtis has been telegraphed to co-operate. Let it be so arranged that Ford can send back messengers to Kansas City reporting his movements. It is to be well understood that these men are outlaws. There is no law but common humanity in their favor.

W. S. ROSECRANS.

Major-General.

SPECIAL ORDERS, HDQRS. DEPARTMENT OF THE MISSOURI. Numbers 191. Saint Louis, Mo., July 13, 1864.

* * * * *

IX. The immediate threatening emergency or more troops for temporary duty in this department in destroying dangerous and formida-

