
ble bands of organized guerrillas requires the commanding general to assume the command of the First Missouri Veteran Cavalry, and the First Iowa Veteran Cavalry, now in this city en route to report to Major-General Steele. The commanding officers of these battalions will take immediate steps for putting their commands on a footing for active field service, and when ready thereof, will report in person at these headquarters for detailed orders and instructions. Colonel Callender, ordnance department will make all necessary issues of arms and ammunition and horse equipments with the least practicable delay, seeing hereafter that requisitions,&amp;c., are put in proper form to secure him. Colonel Merrill, chief of the cavalry depot, will issue the necessary horses to complete the mounts of these battalions as speedily as practicable. All officers concerned in the execution of the foregoing are specially enjoined to promptness and dispatch.

* * * * *

By command of Major-General Rosecrans:

FRANK ENO.,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

HERMANN, MO., July 13, 1864.

Colonel J. H. BAKER,

Commanding First Sub-District of Saint Louis District:

COLONEL; In compliance with your telegram received this morning, I have sent scouts on three roads leading south, southeast, and southwest of this place, with orders to give me information of any intelligence they may receive concerning the rebels, &c. We are or will be ready for them here. Captain Eitzen is on hand with his militia. I will report to you per telegraph any intelligence that I may receive immediately.

I am, colonel, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

WILL. T. HUNTER,

Captain, Commanding.

WARRENSBURG, JULY 13, 1864.

Brigadier General CLINTON B. FISK,

Glasgow:

My side of the river is now quiet. Colonel Ford crossed the Missouri River from Kansas City with 500 men last night under orders to act in concert with your troops. He is in Platte County to-day, probably at Platte City.

E. B. BROWN,

Brigadier-General of Volunteers.

WARRENSBURG, July 13, 1864.

Major O. D. GREENE,

Assistant Adjutant-General:

I have the honor to report that I have ordered scouting parties from Sedalia and Jefferson City in the direction of Duroc and Linn Creek with the hope of intercepting Captain Gregg's band.

E. B. BROWN,

Brigadier-General.

