
FORT LEAVENWORTH, July 13, 1864.

General DRAKE,

Leavenworth:

Let the ferry-boat come up here if she can make good time on the river. I want her as a cruising boat. Thornton moved from Platte City toward Camden Point yesterday afternoon. I am waiting for troops of Colonel Ford, from Kansas City and General Fisk, from Saint Joe. I am awaiting these with some of mine for a campaign through Platte and Clay. The stormy night delayed matters, but not long.

S. R. CURTIS,

Major-General.

MAYOR'S OFFICE, LEAVENWORTH, KANS., July 13, 1864

Major-General CURTIS:

SIR: Several scouts came in late last night with no definite information. Found their pickets out as before. Forces estimated at from 300 to 1,500; best information 300. Say they have 1,000 in Platte who will rise at a moment's notice. The neighboring counties, they claim, are in same condition. Say they are waiting for Shelby, Price, or Quantrill, to lead, and then they will all rise on the instant. Say they are always threatening Weston to prevent force from moving on them. My scout gives me the entire signs of Sons of Liberty, badges worn by them, &amp;c. I have sent three trusty men in by way of Bee Creek on foot at 8 this morning, with positive orders to go into their camp and to get full information as to numbers, purposes, &c. I will send them to you as soon as they come in, which will be to-night, if fortunate.

I have the honor to be, your obedient servant,

JAMES L. McDOWELL,

Mayor.

WESTON, MO., July 13, 1864.

Major-General CURTIS,

Fort Leavenworth:

The rebels are holding a public meeting at Camden Point, Mo. All the citizens are called upon to attend. We require a good supply of hard bread and bacon at once for the Saint Joseph troops. Our pickets captured the rebel flag and 15 stand of arms at Platte City last night.

C. R. JENNISON.

WESTON, MO., [July 13, 1864.]

Major-General CURTIS,

Fort Leavenworth:

Rebels within five miles of Weston last night; robbed all the farmers in that vicinity. My pickets went into Platte city last evening. Rebels all camped in Camden Point, some twelve miles northeast of this place. Lieutenant-Colonel Draper has just arrived from Saint Joseph with a command of 250 men.

C. R. JENNISON.

