SPECIAL ORDERS, HDQRS. DISTRICT OF LITTLE ROCK, Numbers 44. Little Rock, Ark., July 14, 1864.

I. Colonel Stuart, commanding Tenth Illinois Cavalry, will send to Devall's Bluff all the dismounted men he now has present for duty with equipments and arms to draw horses.

II. Brigadier General C. Bussey, commanding Third Brigade, First Division, will send to Devall's Bluff as many dismounted men of his brigade as can be furnished with horse equipments up to 400 with equipments and arms.

III. The detachments will be under proper officers and go to Devall's Bluff by railroad.

* * * * *

VIII. Pursuant to orders received from department headquarters the following-named companies of the Thirteenth Illinois Cavalry will report at the headquarters of the regiment at Pine Bluff with as little delay as possible: Company A, escort to Brigadier General F. Salomon; Company C, escort to Brigadier General C. C. Andrews.

By command of Brigadier General E. A. Carr:

C. H. DYER,Assistant Adjutant-General.

GENERAL ORDERS, HEADQUARTERS SECOND DIVISION, 7TH ARMY CORPS AND U. S. FORCES, Numbers 23. Devall's Bluff, Ark., July 14, 1864.

The rapidly increasing list of mortality among the troops should admonish every commissioned officers and enlisted man how necessary it is to adopt the most painstaking efforts to promote health.

The unhealthy locality we are in the labor, exposure, and privations we undergo, are calculated to try even the most robust constitution.

Early in the war the enemy confidently expected that the Federal troops would be unable to endure the summer heat and the malaria of this lower country. He gained much re-enforcement in the expectation we would droop and die.

So far we have reason to be grateful that his expectations, have not been realized, and also that no fearful epidemic has prevailed in the South since the war commenced. But we have many weeks of an unhealthy season before us. Shall we live, or shall we go into the grave? Shall we sink down weak and spiritless, or shall we move on with an elastic step, a high resolve and a dauntless spirit? This depends much upon our own wills. We profess to be soldiers. If we are truly such we must illustrate in our conduct more patience and more resolution than are required in the ordinary occupations of life. In a word, we ought to be superior to ordinary men, for it is our business to overcome obstacles and confront danger. It is the best economy of life took, and a sure means of victory, to weary the enemy in the long march, in watches, and in toil. Therefore we should be strong. We should economize our vigor.

To be successful in this, we must be careful and temperate in our manner of living. "Every man that striveth for the mastery is temperate in all things," is the sublime injunction of Saint Paul.

We must live! We must rise above discouragements and privations. But the health of the soldier depends much upon the mental and moral influences around him as well as the physical. Officers should be zeal-

