
ous in keeping up a cheerful and hopeful state of mind among the men; should encourage amusements and diversions and should be extremely particular and strict in enforcing sanitary regulations, the cleanliness of person, quarters, and camp, and the careful cooking of the rations. These things are of the highest importance and must not be neglected.

Soldiers! Because you are now performing fatigue duty you must not relax a single effort in good soldiership. The greatest battles are fought in places and at the times they are the least expected. Your services will yet be needed in glorious enterprises. Be ready at any moment with steady nerves, strong arms, and unerring aim to exert all the power you are capable of; and when the occasion comes you will be more than glad of every minute that has been well spent in preparation. This very moment begin to prepare for the sternest duties.

Hereafter the historian will draw a comparison between the endurance and fortitude of those soldiers who in times past traversed parched deserts in great campaigns under Alexander or Napoleon, and the power and endurance exhibited by men like you in this war. If you so determine, it can be written that the proud, indomitable spirit of the American soldiers was more formidable and triumphant than ever before had been illustrated in the history of men.

For your efforts, for your constancy, for your zeal, the triumph of your cause, a long peace in which you can witness the improved condition and the brighter glory of your country, and the gratitude of every friend of civilization, will be your reward.

C. C. ANDREWS,

Brigadier-General, Commanding.

LITTLE ROCK, ARK., July 14, 1864.

Brigadier General C. C. ANDREWS,

Devall's Bluff:

The following dispatch has been received:

BROWNSVILLE, ARK., July 14, 1864-5 p.m.

GENERAL COMMANDING DISTRICT OF LITTLE ROCK:

My camp at Bayou Des Arc was attacked at 4.30 this a.m. by a large force-I should think 800. I went into the fight with 214 men and 7 officers, and came out with 75 men and 5 officers. The attacking party I believe to be Shelby's.

D. H. WILSON,

Captain, Tenth Illinois Cavalry.

The brigadier-general commanding directs that you send a force of cavalry in the direction of Bayou Des Arc.

C. H. DYER,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

[JULY 14, (?) 1864.]

Brigadier General C. C. ANDREWS,

Commanding, Devall's Bluff:

This may be the advance of Marmaduke's force coming up the east side of Bayou Metoe. You had better send a cavalry force onto the road leading from Brownsville toward De Witt and Arkansas Post.

E. A. CARR,

Brigadier-General, Commanding.

