
BROWNSVILLE, July 14, 1864.

Captain C. H. DYER,

Assistant Adjutant-General:

Captain Wilson informs me that he thinks that the enemy crossed at Augusta; that they had no artillery; that many of them were dressed in Federal uniform, and hallooed to his men not to fire on their friends. The captain says he was not pursued any considerable distance after he commenced falling back, but thinks they took another road to try and cut him off. There have been several shots fired on my picket-lines to-night, on the north side. I have no fears of a general attack to-night. The captain informs me that his losses amount to 139 killed, wounded, and missing. Two of the missing have this moment come in. The enemy was at Stony Point moving this way; think from their statement that they will be in Austin to-night.

O. WOOD,

Colonel.

LITTLE ROCK, ARK., July 14, 1864.

Colonel WOOD,

Commanding Brownsville:

Take command of detachment Tenth Illinois Cavalry when it comes in, and keep it until it gets orders from its regimental commander or higher authority. You had better send a scout north. I have ordered the Tenth Illinois from here and a force from Devall's Bluff in the direction of the late fight. Colonel Trumbull, with 250 men, left Devall's Bluff at 5 a.m. to go onto the road leading from Brownsville to De Witt south. I ordered Captain Wilson to make a full report at once by telegraph, but have not yet received it. I want to know from which direction the enemy came; had they artillery; how they were dressed; how far they pursued, and all other particulars, including losses killed and wounded.

E. A. CARR,

Brigadier-General, Commanding.
SPECIAL ORDERS, HDQRS. DIST. OF THE FRONTIER, Numbers 102. Fort Smith, Ark., July 14, 1864.

I. Special Orders, Numbers 93, paragraph I, is hereby revoked. The Eleventh Regiment U. S. Colored Troops will remain on duty in the Second Brigade.

* * * * *

By command of Brigadier-General Thayer:

T. J. ANDERSON,Assistant Adjutant-General.

CHICAGO, ILL., July 14, 1864.

Major-General ROSECRANS:

The following telegram received:

WASHINGTON, July 14, 1864.

If the Veteran Reserves have not left Chicago they will remain there.

H. W. HALLECK,

JAS. C. STRONG,

Colonel, Commanding.

