
WARRENSBURG, July 14, 1864.

Honorable H. E. W. McDEARMON, Boonville, Mo.:

Troops have left Otterville in the direction of Boonville after the rebels. I again repeat: "Your citizens should be organized and armed for their own defense." My troops are being drawn off to other districts, and the people in the towns will be compelled to rely on themselves for their safety against predatory bands. This is an important matter to the citizens of Boonville, and will be daily more as the Government is moving the soldiers to the front, and will leave the rear to rely on itself for local protection. I have arms to give you and ask you to take them.

E. B. BROWN,

Brigadier-General of Volunteers, Commanding.

SPRINGFIELD, July 14, 1864.

Major O. D. GREENE,

Assistant Adjutant-General:

Captain Chitwood followed Captain Gregg's band to Morgan County. where it dispersed and disappeared. Nearly all the men of this band live in the vicinity of Versailles. It is said Captain Gregg was mortally wounded in the affair near Hartville. A force of 400 rebels is reported to be in the vicinity of Carrollton, Carroll County, Ark.

JOHN B. SANBORN,

Brigadier-General, Commanding.

SAINT JOSEPH, MO., July 14, 1864.

Brigadier-General FISK, Saint Louis:

We furnished upward of 200 men for the expedition from Weston.

Two parties of guerrillas numbering about fifty men each are within five or six miles of here, but make no demonstrations upon us; 500 or 600 are reported at De Kalb. We shall put the Saint Joe companies on duty until the crisis has passed. Do not fear any attack particularly, but shall try and be prepared to meet them.

G. A. HOLLOWAY,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

SAINT LOUIS, July 14, 1864.

Captain HOLLOWAY,

Assistant Adjutant-General:

Let the utmost vigilance be exerted at Saint Joe. If Thornton should get near the city there are hundreds there who would rise up and join him in his hellish work. Where is Draper? Do you hear from Ford? Ford will remain in the district some time. I have received re-enforcements. We shall soon be strong enough. Governor Hall met me here to-day. I shall stay by until I have help or exemption. Keep me fully posted.

CLINTON B. FISK,

Brigadier-General.

[JULY 14, 1864. - For Holloway to Fisk, in reply to preceding dispatch, see Part I, p. 59.]

