
WAYNDOTTE, July 14, 1864

(Via Fort Leavenworth.)

Major-General HALLECK,

Washington;

A combined force of cavalry belonging to Departments of the Missouri and Kansas, under Colonel Ford, marched from Weston yesterday and made a gallant dash on rebel camp in Camden, Platte County, completely routing and scattering rebels. Our loss, 1 killed and 1 wounded; rebel loss, 15 killed. Ten kegs of powder, many guns, accouterments and equipment captured by our troops.

S. R. CURTIS,

Major-General.

FORT LEAVENWORTH, July 14, 1864-8 p.m.

Major-General CURTIS,

Wyandotte:

Colonel Ford reports from Platte City all quiet, and that Lieutenant Parsons has just returned, having followed the rebels ten miles east of Camden Point, whence they scattered in small squads, going south. Colonel Ford moves in the morning toward Liberty and Sibley, and suggests that General Brown, and Major Suess, who have been telegraphed, guard the crossing of the Missouri above Sibley. Your dispatch just received.

C. S. CHARLOT,

Assistant Adjutant-General.
HEADQUARTERS DISTRICT OF SOUTH KANSAS,Paola, Kans., July 14, 1864.

Major C. S. CHARLOT,

Asst. Adjt. General, Dept. of Kansas, Fort Leavenworth, Kans.:

MAJOR: An item in the Conservative of the 10th instant, referring to the capture and release of two persons left by the steamer Charter Oak, somewhere in Missouri, might lead to the erroneous impression that I have been absent from my command. I have the honor to report for the information of the major-general commanding the department that the article so far as it relates to myself is altogether erroneous. I have not been out of my district since I took command.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

THO. J. McKEAN,

Brigadier-General, U. S. Volunteers, Commanding.

WESTON, MO., July 14, 1864.

Colonel J. W. GOODWIN:

Heard artillery practice this morning in the direction of New Market. Also have a report of small-arms being heard this morning near Bee Creek. Hell is to pay among the bushwhackers, saw a number of lights, as of burning buildings, last night; also smoke this morning.

Yours, in great haste,

JOHN TUNISON,

Major 138th Illinois, Commanding.

