SPECIAL ORDERS, HDQRS. DISTRICT OF NEBRASKA, Numbers 66. Omaha City, Nebr. Ter., July 14, 1864.

I. Colonel S. W. Summers, Seventh Iowa Cavalry, is hereby relieved from the command of Post Omaha, and assigned to the command of Fort Kearny, Nebr. Ter.

II. Major Wood will put in readiness to march at a moment's notice one company of the Seventh Iowa Cavalry, now at this post, with twenty-four days' rations from the day they start on the march. He will turn over the command of this post to Colonel Summers, Seventh Iowa Cavalry, and will in person take command of the company selected from this post, and Company F, from Cottonwood, and proceed with them to Fort Laramie, Idaho Ter.

By command of Brigadier General Robert B. Mitchell:

GEORGE WILLIAMS,Lieutenant and Aide-de-Camp.
HEADQUARTERS INDIAN RESERVATION,

Fort Sumner, N. Mex., July 14, 1864.

Brigadier General JAMES H. CARLETON,

Commanding Department of New Mexico, Santa Fe, N. Mex.:

GENERAL: I have the honor to report my arrival at this post on the 11th instant.

On the 12th I had a talk with the chief men of the Navajoes, who assured me that themselves and their people were contended and well pleased at their treatment, and that each and all appear to understand and appreciate the efforts that are being made to render them comfortable and happy. It is estimated that they have 3,000 acres under cultivation, and planted principally with corn, which is doing remarkably well and will average between twenty-five and thirty bushels per acre, making a total of about 84,000 bushels, or nearly 5,000,000 of pounds and about 200 tons of fodder. In addition to this they will have a large quantity of beans, with other vegetables. This is a large amount to be raised in the first planting, and considering the many disadvantages under which they labored, scarcity of tools and lateness of the season, it is astonishing the amount of work done, and gives abundant evidence of their ability to be self-sustaining. Captain Calloway, First Infantry California Volunteers, with his company, has been engaged in instructing them and in directing their labors, and it is mainly owing to his untiring zeal and energy that so much has been accomplished. The amount of grain raised by them this year would be amply sufficient, was it in common amongst them, to supply them with this kind of food for the coming year. As it is, however, there are some here and others en route who will have no crops whatever. Many will have a large amount over what will be needed for the consumption of themselves and families, and this surplus can no doubt be purchased of them and distributed amongst those without crops, thus saving in a great measure the necessity of issuing Government flour. About 1,000 of the grapevines succeeded. It is a necessity that each family should have a small herd of sheep and goats, the former to supply wool for clothing and the latter to supply them with milk. The money to which they may be entitled for fodder, &amp;c., should be expended for this purpose, but this will not be done if the money be paid over to them, as they will rather purchase articles of dress and ornament of which they have

