
facility. The soil will produce as fine vegetables as can be raised in any part of New Mexico: even cotton and tobacco, I am assured, can be produced with ease. The only want I see likely to arise in the future is that of fuel, but this can be remedied by having a quantity of young trees planted annually.

The police in and around their huts is good, and their general health is excellent. There are but sixty receiving medical treatment. I will have them all vaccinated as soon as possible.

The Indian recommend the erection of a few grist-mills, good sites for which are easily found on the reservation. I would also recommend that measures be taken to instruct the young men in the mechanical arts, such as blacksmiths and carpenters. This is easy of accomplishment, and would be of great assistance in the work of civilization, as well as in the erection of houses for them.

I inclose you a statement, of the number of Indians present so far as is known. I cannot help thinking, however, that this is far below the actual number. I will shortly take a census of them, and, as far as possible, keep a correct record of the births and deaths.

The commanding officer, Captain Henry B. Bristol, Fifth U. S. Infantry, deserves great credit for the ability with which he has governed them, and the judicious manner in which he has treated them. I am quite pleased with everything connected with the reservation, and congratulate you on the entire success which has crowned your efforts in ameliorating the condition of the Indians and in giving permanent peace to this Territory.

I am, general, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

C. CARSON,

Colonel First Cav., N. Mex., Vols., Supervisor of Indians.
HDQRS. DIST. OF MINNESOTA, DEPT. OF THE NORTHWEST,Saint Paul, Minn., July 14, 1864.

Lieutenant Colonel W. PFAENDER,

Commanding Second Sub-District, Fort Ridgely:

COLONEL: Your dispatch of 8th instant has been received. I am glad to learn of the continual absence of indications of hostile Indians along the line of outposts; still, the most unwearied vigilance should be exercised,by the several detachments, as there may occur raids at any moment of a more or less formidable character. It will be necessary to watch closely the movements of the scouts on the head of the Redwood, to ascertain in what manner their duties are discharged, and it would be well to inform them that any remissness will be followed by immediate discharge from the service. They occupy a very important position, which will enable them to detect the approach of any party of savages toward the settlements south of the Minnesota River, if they are watchful and evince as desire properly to discharge the obligations devolved upon them. Proper measures should be adopted for the removal of the detachments from Fairmont and Chanyuska to the points heretofore designated in Jackson, at as early a period as practicable. You are requested to make an accurate statement of the officers and men at the several outposts and on patrol duty, in your tri-monthly reports, as the major-general commanding the department has directed such data to be regularly furnished. Mr. Eames, who

