
has charge of the work at the reported coal mines, left here some days since to resume his labors, under the protection, of the detachment ordered by General Pope through these headquarters to be stationed for that purpose.

You will bear in mind that as the season advances, so that the grass will afford better facilities for the concealment of Indian horse thieves, there will be the greater temptation to the young men of the hostile bands to commit depredations, especially as horses are in great demand among them to enable them to hunt buffalo for their winter supply of provisions, and also to make their war excursions with greater safety to themselves. Increased care and watchfulness will, therefore, be requisite on the part of the forces at the several stations along the entire line. Your attention is directed to the inclosed communication of a private of Company E, Second [Minnesota] Cavalry, dated from Forest City. It is entirely irregular and improper in its language, but if there is any good ground for complaint of the want of rations, means should be at once taken to supply the deficiency. Captain Olin, assistant adjutant-general, is temporarily absent from his post.

I am, colonel, very respectfully your obedient servant,

H. H. SIBLEY,

Brigadier-General, Commanding.
HEADQUARTERS GARRISON FOR FORT WADSWORTH.

Camp Numbers 6, near mouth of Chippewa River, Minn., July 14, 1864.

Captain R. C. OLIN,Assistant Adjutant-General:

SIR: Since reporting to you from Camp Numbers 4 I have marched my command to this point which is located near the mouth of Chippewa River, and some three miles west of Camp Release. I broke camp on the 13th instant at 5 a.m. and marched some fourteen miles, camping on a stream the name of which I have not ascertained. On the 14th (to-day) I left camp with my command and marched to this camp, a distance of about eighteen miles. The entire road is good: water and grass sufficient. On the road I have marched as heretofore, having the train in two lines and well closed up wherever the nature of the ground would admit of it. The stock shows but little signs of fatigue and is in good condition. Rain fell during the evening of the 12th, accompanied by a heavy wind-storm, doing us no damage, however, as we were prepared for it. To-day there are evident signs of there having been a storm in the locality of the road we have traveled over. My chief scout has discovered no Indians since my last writing, but saw the tracks of one on the evening of the 13th, or that of a horse, rather, with shoes on the fore feet, supposed by him (Bottineau) to belong to one. From present indications and the amount of rain that has fallen I have no doubt but that we will have grass in abundance. I will report progress at every opportunity, but the distance I will have to send a courier is so great that unless something unusual occurs I may not report again until the train returns. To-morrow morning I will cross the Whetstone River, using proper caution in passing through the timber reported to be on that stream. I have published orders prohibiting, the discharge of fire-arms on the march or in camp, or straggling either from camp or while on the march.

I am, captain, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

JOHN CLOWNEY

Major, Commanding Expedition.

