SPECIAL ORDERS, HDQRS. MIL. DIV. OF WEST MISSISSIPPI, Numbers 68. New Orleans, La., July 15, 1864.

I. Captain Miles D. McAlester, Corps of Engineers, U. S. Army, is hereby announced as chief engineer of the Division of West Mississippi. Any reports or information called for by him will be promptly forwarded, and any orders given by him under the authority of the commanding general will be respected.

* * * * *

By order of Major General E. R. S. Canby:

C. T. CHRISTENSEN,Major and Assistant Adjutant-General.

HDQRS. MILITARY DIVISION OF WEST MISSISSIPPI,

New Orleans, La., July 15, 1864.

First Lieutenant I. N. EARL.

Fourth Wisconsin Cavalry:

SIR: I am directed by the major-general commanding to state that in addition to the authority granted in the letter under which your scouts were organized the following instructions are given you:

First. Your operations will not be limited to any particular section of the country, but at all times you will assist the general operations of the army by deceiving the enemy, intercepting their couriers, carrying off detached parties, breaking up his mail communications, &amp;c. You will endeavor to give all possible information of the country, the general condition of the inhabitants, the roads, by-ways, bridle-paths, &c., the condition, in reference to trade and agriculture outside the lines, the resources of the country as regards food for men and horses, securing guides, sending spies, reconnoitering fords, passages, defiles, and positions; gain all possible information in regard to position and number of the enemy, their relative amount of infantry, cavalry, and artillery, the strength of their fortifications, caliber of their guns, position of their magazines and store-houses, strength and position of their guards and picket-lines, preparations to stop fires, &c.

Second. You are authorized to call on the quartermaster's, commissary, and ordnance departments for such supplies as you will need for the use of your party. Requisitions will be made in the proper form and when possible will be sent first to this office for approval but in cases of emergency you are authorized to draw at once, and the requisitions will be approved afterward.

Third. The policy of the United States Government has been distinctly stated that "no supplies whatever will be allowed to pass beyond the line of pickets of the U. S. forces to go into the country either occupied by the enemy or unoccupied by either party within the States or rebellion." If at any time, therefore, you find parties engaged in carrying out supplies, you will seize them in the name of the United States and hold them subject to the decision from these headquarters, reporting immediately the names of all parties concerned in giving the permits, selling the goods, &c.

Fourth. You are authorized to seize and turn over to the Treasury agents all property which you have good reasons for supposing belongs to the Government of the so-called Confederate States.

Fifth. You are authorized to make such disbursements of money, not exceeding $250 per month, as in your opinion are necessary for the

