
purpose of gaining information. You will keep regular accounts of this money, forwarding monthly reports of amount on hand, amount expended and for what purpose, and the amount probably required for the coming month. In case of any unforeseen emergency, you can call for additional sums of money during the month.

Sixth. You will make tri-monthly reports to these headquarters of the number of men employed by you, and the duties they have been engaged in during the previous ten days. This report will embrace a full account of your operations during the time specified. When special causes demanding immediate notice arise you will report them at once.

I inclose herewith a copy of a form under which you will employ your men.

I am, sir, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

C. T. CHRISTENSEN,

Major and Assistant Adjutant-General.
HEADQUARTERS DISTRICT OF EASTERN ARKANSAS,Helena, July 15, 1864.

Captain M. L. BRADLEY,

Commanding on Island 66:

Upon the receipt of this you will embark you entire command on board the steamer Dove, with all your camp and garrison equipage, and other stores, and return to Helena, Ark., where you will report to the commanding officer of your regiment. You will assist Chaplain Herrick in the execution of such plans as he may think proper regarding the contrabands and refugees in your island.

By order of Brigadier General N. B. Buford:

T. C. MEATYARD,

Assistant Adjutant-General.
HEADQUARTERS POST,Devall's Bluff, Ark, July 15, 1864- a.m.

Captain C. H. DYER,

Assistant Adjutant-General, Little Rock:

The Eighth Missouri Cavalry, Lieutenant-Colonel Lisenby has returned, bringing 400 head of cattle. He went below De Witt and within ten miles of the Arkansas; saw nothing of the enemy, but reports Fagan, including Cabell on both sides of the Arkansas. He met with no accident. I have a report, rather reliable, that Shelby's forces are on this side of White River; that conscripts are reporting to him in large numbers and in high spirits. It is bad policy, in my opinion, to release conscripts now.

C. C. ANDREWS,

Major-General.
HEADQUARTERS,

Saint Louis, July 15, 1864. (Received 4.25 p.m.)

Honorable E. M. STANTON:

Referring to my dispatches regarding the order to send the two regiments of 100-days' men to Chicago, concerning which, owing, doubtless, to the interruption occasioned by the raid, I have as yet no

