
reply, I have now to report that serious disturbances here caused the district commander to report to me the impossibility of dispensing with the services of these unless I could give him other troops or militia, neither of which I have been able to supply. My former dispatches state that the urgency was so great I had been obliged to call out two regiments of Saint Louis militia for thirty days to guard the prisons and depots here. I have now to report that the rebel standard was raised in Northwest Missouri, and General Fisk reports eight companies of Paw Paws have joined them; but, aided by troops from the south side of the river and some from General Curtis, Colonel Ford attacked them night before last, and routed them, killing 15. The pursuit is still going on but the river counties north of the Missouri are full or guerrillas and secret conspirators. From their movements, I regret to add, the boat burners succeeded, about 3 this morning, in their devilish work, and six or seven steam-boats have been burned. Only about $30,000 work of commissary stores were lost. I much need arms and equipments for the Seventeenth Illinois Cavalry, which I send to North Missouri. Please order them, and if possible leave the 100-days' men here until things settle down, so that I can make some other disposition to replace them.

W. S. ROSECRANS,

Major-General.

WAR DEPARTMENT,

Washington City, July 15, 1864.

Major General W. S. ROSECRANS

Commanding Department of the Missouri, Saint Louis:

Orders have been given to the Chief of Ordnance to furnish immediately the arms and equipments for the Seventeenth Illinois Cavalry asked for in your telegram of this day.

C. A. DADA.

Assistant Secretary of War.

CAIRO, ILL., July 15, 1864

Major-General ROSECRANS,

Commanding Department of the Missouri:

The regiments at Paducah is needed there to hold that position. I leave for Louisville, Ky., to-day. Will try to send you a regiment from there soon after my arrival.

L. THOMAS,

Adjutant-General.

LEXINGTON, MO., July 15, 1864

Major-General ROSECRANS:

I left Kansas City this morning on steamer Ogden and have just arrived here. General Curtis gave you all the information of importance this morning from Kansas City. Did not hear from Colonel Ford, at Sibley, as was anticipated to-day. I shall inspect here to-morrow and then leave for Sedalia, unless you have other instructions.

JAS. TOTTEN,

Brigadier-General.

