
SAINT LOUIS, MO., July 15, 1864.

Brigadier-General TOTTEN,

Lexington, Mo.:

Nothing needed but to prepare full notes on the best mode of using the forces of the Central District, and give such views and suggestions as you may deem proper to General Brown.

W. S. ROSECRANS,

Major-General.

FORT LEAVENWORTH, July 15, 1864.

Colonel L. B. PARSONS:

Your dispatch of the 14th received this morning. Yours of the 11th was received and answered on the 13th as follows:

I took the Ogden and she is still in service. Concentrated troops at Weston, and they are now after rebels. They evacuated Platte City yesterday. Captain Fitzgerald, Sixteenth Kansas, hauled down their rebel flag last night which they left and the citizens retained floating over the rebel city. They threatened the Hannibal road, but the forces combined, and, commanded by Colonel Ford, will be likely to hurry them southward.

Yesterday telegram was sent to General Rosecrans that Ford had whipped the rebels at Camden, killing 15. Last night General Curtis took the Ogden and went down to Wyandotte and Kansas City. The last heard from Colonel Ford's force was at Platte City, intending to move this morning toward Liberty and Sibley.

C. S. CHARLOT,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

GENERAL ORDERS, HDQRS. DEPT. OF THE MISSOURI. Numbers 119. Saint Louis, Mo., July 15, 1864.

The operations of an organized body of boat burners in this city make it evident that more stringent measures than now in effect are required for the protection of the various interests concerned, both public and private.

It is, therefore, ordered that, until further orders from competent authority, the underwriters in the city and the chief quartermaster of the department furnish each a powerful tow-boat, which shall be kept with a full head of steam on at all hours of the day and night, ready at a moment's notice to go to the assistance of any burning boat in the harbor. In addition it is expected the city of Saint Louis, in its corporate capacity, through the action of the common council, will furnish a third boat, to be kept under the same condition and subject to the same rules.

These boats will be under the sole control of Captain G. W. Ford, who is hereby appointed military harbor master for the city, and will be obeyed and respected accordingly.

Boats not engaged in taking in or discharging freight (unless allowed to remain at the levee by written permission from Captain Ford) will be required to anchor in the stream at least 100 yards apart or move to such place as may be approved by him.

No small or yawl boats will be allowed to ply in the harbor, except those belonging to the anchored boats.

