
Orleans and Jackson Railroad Wednesday night last, and next morning they went to Hazlehurst and are supposed from there to have filed to the right in the direction of Mobile.

W. P. BENTON,

Brigadier-General, Commanding.,

[Indorsement.]

DEFENSES OF NEW ORLEANS,

July 2, 1864.

Respectfully forwarded to Major-General Canby for his information. In the meanwhile General Benton will be notified to more distinctly trace the movements of Scott.

T. W. SHERMAN,

Brigadier-General, Commanding.
HDQRS. MILITARY DIVISION OF WEST MISSISSIPPI,New Orleans, July 2, 1864.

Brigadier General GEORGE H. GORDON,

U. S. Volunteers, New Orleans, La.:

GENERAL: On the 29th ultimo the commanding general directed Major-General Washburn to send a force of 5,000 men to Morganza, La.* In consequence of subsequent events it is not now deemed expedient to sue this force as first intended, and the commanding general desires, if the transports are already on their way down the river, that your order them to return to the mouth of White River, if they have passed below that point. You will then put yourself in communication with the officer commanding the naval district, and if you find that the communications of General Steele are endangered, you will proceed up the White River and use the force to the best advantage. Should up meet the transports above the White River, you will please direct them to proceed to its mouth and there await such instructions as General Washburn may give you in relation to them.

I have the honor to be, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

C. T. CHRISTENSEN,

Major and Assistant Adjutant-General.

VICKSBURG, July 29, 1864.

Major General E. R. S. CANBY,

Commanding Military Division of West Mississippi, New Orleans:

GENERAL: I have the honor to report that in pursuance of your instructions I delivered the dispatch in cipher to Major-General Slocum; that he has no cipher clerk, and is unable to read it.+ I communicated to him the translation shown me by Major Christensen before leaving, which I think is all that is necessary and that the general understands fully what is required. General Slocum informs me that in pursuance of instructions from General Sherman# the direction in your dispatch has been already complied with as far as preparation is concerned;

---------------

*See paragraph 4, Special Orders, Numbers 52, Vol. XXXIV, Part IV, p. 586.

---------------

+For dispatch referred to, see Vol. XXXIX, Part II, p. 151.

#For Sherman's instructions of June 28, see Vol. XXXIX, Part II, p. 150.

