
Captain Ford will establish a system which shall distinguish these boats at all times from others, and after the promulgation hereof any one found plying in the harbor without due authority will be at once arrested and brought to trial.

Captain Ford is held responsible for the organization of the system of protection, and is fully empowered to act in matters of detail without immediate consultation with the general commanding. The military authorities will co-operate with and afford the necessary assistance to Captain Ford upon his application therefor.

Captain Ford will report to and receive orders direct from these headquarters.

By command of Major-General Rosecrans:

O. D. GREENE,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

BENTON BARRACKS, July 15, 1864.

Colonel J. V. DU BOIS,

Chief of Cavalry:

The command will be on the levee at 7.30 a.m. ready to embark. No officers were at the arsenal last night and I have to get the ordnance from them yet.

Respectfully,

H. HILLIARD,

Major Seventeenth Illinois Cavalry, Commanding.

CAPE GIRARDEAU, July 15, 1864.

Brigadier-General EWING:

Started my official report yesterday.* Fear it is not as full as you desire. Do note need Turpin or Carpenter now. They did well. Permitted them each to take a captured horse. Think that enough for their services. Also allowed four soldiers of the command to keep each a horse in lieu of theirs, which being mired down in the swamps were by order shot. These six are in addition to the 52 reported captured. Only brought out two colored recruits, my object being to find out the condition of things preparatory to another expedition in a few days more. A company of the Second [Missouri State Militia Cavalry] will go up from here on the packet to-morrow. I have a force operating between Charleston, New Madrid, and Cairo. Would have sent a force to-morrow into Berry County but for your order to send a company to Saint Louis. Guerrillas are on the increase since corn is laid by. Some of Shelby's men are scattered through the upper counties of Arkansas and forcing the conscription. You will hear from me by letter.

JOHN T. BURRIS,

Lieutenant-Colonel.

SAINT LOUIS, MO., July 15, 1864.

Brigadier General O. GUITAR:

My attention has been called to a card purporting to be from you about a matter which the general commanding verbally directed you to investigate and report on to him. Instead of obeying these orders

---------------

*See Part I, p. 44.

---------------

