
you have reported first to the public at large, and presume in your card to charge the authorities with smothering the matter. The general commanding directs me to call on you for a prompt explanation of this extraordinary and unsoldierly note.

You have also the opportunity to make a full retraction of your reflections on the authorities, which it is presumed that you will feel bound in honor to make, on having your attention draw to the fact of your own neglect to report as ordered.

By order of Major-General Rosecrans:

O. D. GREENE,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

ROLLA, MO., July 15, 1864.

Major O. D. GREENE,

Assistant Adjutant-General:

I have the honor, in response to your dispatch of this date, to say that I was not aware that I was under orders or personal obligation to report to the commanding general in regard to the matter mentioned in my card. I certainly intended no discourtesy to the commanding general nor the slightest reflection or disrespect to his official authority, and don't think my card will bear such interpretation. If it be extraordinary and unsoldierly in an officer to ward off the blow aimed at his honor, then my card may be so regarded. I am not in the habit of writing deliberately that which will demand either explanation or retraction, hence further than is implied above I have none to offer.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

O. GUITAR,

Brigadier-General.
SPECIAL ORDERS, HEADQUARTERS DISTRICT OF ROLLA, Numbers 101. Rolla, Mo., July 15, 1864.

Captain James P. Moore, Company K, One hundred and forty-fifth Regiment Illinois Volunteer Infantry, is hereby ordered to proceed with his company by rail to Saint James, where he will establish himself in camp and keep strict guard over the railroad and the company's property at that place. The quartermaster's department will furnish the necessary transportation.

By order of Brigadier-General Guitar:

J. RAINSFORD,Assistant Adjutant-General.

SAINT LOUIS, MO., July 15, 1864.

General BROWN,

Warrensburg, Mo.:

You are authorized to move the two companies of One hundred and thirty-fifth [Illinois] as you request. No answer was made to your first application, as at that time the regiment was ordered out of the department.

O. D. GREENE,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

