
JEFFERSON CITY, July 15, 1864.

Major O. D. GREENE,

Assistant Adjutant-General:

I have ordered fifty mounted men from here and fifty infantry from Osage bridge on board of the Post Boy, to cruise up the river and intercept parties of rebels and to co-operate with our troops on shore if necessary.

E. B. BROWN,

Brigadier-General of Volunteers.

WARRENSBURG, July 15, 1864-8 a.m.

Major General S. R. CURTIS,

Kansas City:

I have the honor to acknowledge the receipt of your dispatch, dated yesterday, at 8 a.m. to-day. The general left for Sedalia and other points east this morning. Major Suess is ordered to move by boat from Kansas City down the river [and] act on such information as he may obtain, and endeavor to prevent the rebels from crossing. Colonel McFerran, at Lexington, is also directed to be on the alert in case they attempt to cross in the vicinity of Camden.

J. H. STEGER,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

WARRENSBURG, MO., July 15, 1864-6.45 a.m.

Major HENRY SUESS,

Chief of Cavalry, Kansas City:

Move with Seventh [Missouri State Militia] Cavalry and section of artillery [on] first boat down the river and co-operate with Colonel Ford, who is pursuing the rebels toward Sibley. Act on such information as you may obtain and endeavor to prevent their crossing. If there is no boat at Kansas City telegraph General Curtis asking him to send one forthwith. Inform me when you leave Kansas City.

By order:

J. H. STEGER,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

KANSAS CITY, MO., July 15, 1864.

(Received 10.15 a.m.)

Brigadier General E. B. BROWN:

I leave here at 9.30 a.m. this morning with fifty foot and ten mounted men and one piece of artillery to scout the river as far as Lexington, and farther down if necessary. I shall dispose of all crafts along the river, especially at all landings, in such a manner that they cannot be used by any enemy. I shall advise you of my movements as soon as I arrive at Lexington. Any orders of yours will reach me there, probably to-night. Captain Boyd is left in command here.

HENRY SUESS,

Major, Commanding.

