
the county of bushwhackers and restore peace, quiet, and protection to all law-abiding citizens both in person and property. Colonel Ford has authorized Mr. W. H. Woodson to state in this call that he will guarantee protection to every citizen in the county, both in his person and property, in going to and returning from said meeting. He also desires him to state at that meeting Colonel Ford will make a proposition, which, if accepted will prevent the desolation of the county and restore quiet and peace in our midst. Let the old and the young turn out. Come one, come all. Our salvation as a people depends on a full attendance and general turn out of everybody.

Colonel Ford in giving the above notice bases it upon the following order:
HEADQUARTERS DEPARTMENT OF THE MISSOURI,Saint Louis, Mo., July 15, 1864.

CITIZENS OF NORTHWEST MISSOURI:

Your best men have assured me by word and letter that you meant to behave as law-abiding and peaceful citizens. They have assured me of your pledges and pledged themselves for you. I have intrusted the peace to your keeping; I have supplied you with ammunition and left arms in your hands; you have given me fair promises, while you allowed rebels and guerrillas to live and recruit among you. You have concealed from the authorities these men and their projects; you have seen robbers and murderers joined by the very men who swore to defend us against them. The arms and ammunition delivered to you for the defense of the law and Government have been used to destroy it. You are guilty of all the blood that will be shed by the use of these arms in the hands of those who have basely betrayed both you and the country. You have nothing left before you but now to wholly renounce and help to exterminate these common enemies of mankind or your country will become a desolation. I could not save it, and I must tell you as a friend I do not think it would deserve it. Citizens situated as you have been, who will tolerate a species of-I will not call it warfare, but outrage, which shows no parallel in the annals of our Indian wars-must expect the vengeance due to such moral dereliction among a free and professedly Christian people. I implore you, if only for your own sake, now at once lay the ax at the root of the tree. Needful assistance will be given. All loyal and law-abiding citizens must at once combine with the military authorities, giving all possible aid, assistance, and information. Mark those who do not, and regard them as your enemies, whose conduct may ruin your families; but while you denounce bushwhacking and private war, remember that the authorities to these crimes are likewise guilty. Any one who knowingly and willingly advises, counsels, gives food, direction, information, or assistance to bushwhackers is a partner to their crimes, and should be in their punishment. Let not failure to take my advice bring upon the beautiful and now prosperous counties of Northwest Missouri desolation such as now reigns through your western border.

W. S. ROSECRANS,

Major-General, Commanding.

SPECIAL ORDERS, HDQRS. DIST. OF SOUTHWEST MISSOURI, Numbers 189. Springfield, Mo., July 15, 1864.

I. Captain John C. Bailey, commanding detachment Second Arkansas Cavalry Volunteers, near Forsyth, Mo., will immediately detail sixty mounted men from his command, properly officered, and supplied with three days' rations, to make a scout in conjunction with Captain Ball, Company L, Sixth Provisional Enrolled Missouri Militia, down White River, to such vicinity as may be suggested by Captain Ball, for the purpose of dispersing or capturing guerrilla bands and robbers.

II. Captain J. C. Bailey, commanding detachment Second Arkansas Cavalry Volunteers, near Forsyth, Mo., will move his command, with camp and garrison equipage, and encamp south, and within six miles of Ozark, Mo., at such point as he shall deem most convenient for grazing and watering the animals of his command. Captain Bailey,

