
and all officers who may succeed him in command of the detachment, will protect the road south of Forsyth, Mo., and keep informed of the enemy's movements and designs, by having scouting parties south, east, and west from the headquarters of the detachment.

* * * * * *

By order of Brigadier-General Sanborn:

W. D. HUBBARD,

First Lieutenant and Acting Assistant Adjutant-General.

SAINT LOUIS, July 15, 1864.

Captain G. A. HOLLOWAY,

Assistant Adjutant-General:

I have obtained nearly 1,000 troops for distribution in the entire district. This is all I can do for the present. They will be sent to Sturgeon and Glasgow. Colonel Ford will remain on our side till the trouble in Clay and Platte is over. I am promised additional force soon as it can be armed and mounted. It is quite probable that the Sixth Cavalry Missouri State Militia will be sent to us. Am now loading ten steamers with troops for the Missouri River, and shall send a battalion to Sturgeon by rail to-morrow. The people may rest assured that I shall do all in my power to obtain force sufficient to put down the villains who now threaten to overpower us. I shall be at headquarters in a day or two.

CLINTON B. FISK,

Brigadier-General.

SAINT LOUIS, July 15, 1864.

Major-General CURTIS:

Do you hear anything more from the movement against Thornton and company?

CLINTON B. FISK,

Brigadier-General.

FORT LEAVENWORTH, July 15, 1864.

General FISK,

Saint Louis:

Last heard from Colonel Ford was from Platte City. He intended moving south this morning toward Liberty and Sibley.

C. S. CHARLOT,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

SAINT JOSEPH, MO., July -, 1864.

Brigadier General C. B. FISK,

Saint Joseph, Mo.:

GENERAL: I am pained to have to report to you the presence of a considerable body of bushwhackers in Platte County, and my utter inability to either drive them out or protect the county or myself from their depredations, owing to the demoralization of too many of the men of my command. I will endeavor to give you a full statement of affairs there for the last few days. On Friday, the 8th, I concentrated all my

