
until they returned. He staid on the road to see what was going on and report to me. Very soon a negro man came out of town, who reported that the bushwhackers had taken the town and a number of the militia had joined them. Judge Norton stated that he did not think it safe for me to be seen on the road, and he would ride my horse to some point where I could mount and get off without being seen. He did, and met me near Captain Johnston's house, about two miles, from town. I started for home, and had ridden but a short distance when I met a man by the name of Brashears, whom I had relieved from duty in the militia a few days before on account of his notoriety as a rebel sympathizer. He shook hands and asked for the news. I told him there was no news in particular, and asked him where he was going. He said to Platte City. I said to him, I would not go there if I were he; that if he wanted to keep out of trouble, as he always had stated to me he did, that he had better not go. He said he was going in and see what was up. I told him I was in a hurry and bid him good evening. I had no idea he was a bushwhacker and was sorry I could not persuade him to stay out of town. I took to the woods soon after leaving him, and was riding through a blue-grass pasture watching the road from Platte City across a farm and thinking what I had best do, when I was started by the word halt. I looked around and saw this same man Brashears with pistol presented, about four or five paces from me. I asked him what he meant. He replied he was a Confederate soldier and that I was his prisoner. I told him that he would have acted more honorably to have made this known when we met face to face than to have stolen up behind me with a cocked pistol. He said that did not matter a damn, all he wanted to know if I would surrender. I asked him what was the alternative. He said there was none but to die, if I moved a hand. Being satisfied he had by some means communicated with some of his party since I first met him, and had ample means to make good his word, I told him I would surrender, provided he would see me protected from some of his comrades who had sworn to take my life. This he promised and I surrendered to him. We then started for Platte City. When we reached the edge of the town we were met by quite a crowd rushing out of the place. I asked what was the matter, and was told that the town was about being attacked. I then refused to go farther, knowing well that I would be shot by these men who had threatened my life. After considerable parleying it was agreed that if I would report the next morning to Colonel Thornton at Platte City I might go. This I promised and started home as they started in town. I reached home that night, and after an hour's rest started for Parkville, where I took passage on the steamer Emilie and came at once to this place to make report of these facts, which I did to Captain Holloway, who advised me to remain here until something further could be heard from Platte County.

J. M. CLARK,

Major, Eighty-second Regiment En. Mo. Mil., Commanding Platte Co., Mo.

SAINT JOSEPH, MO., July 15, 1864.

General ROSECRANS:

When will General Fisk be here? His presence is required immediately, and the demand is very urgent.

BENJAMIN F. LOAN.

