
MACON, MO., July 15, 1864.

Colonel O. D. GREENE,

Assistant Adjutant-General:

I have just received the following dispatch from Huntsville, to wit:

Huntsville robbed this morning of between $75,000 and $100,000. One man, citizen, killed. About thirty-five guerrillas, commanded by Bill Anderson, did the work. They left in the direction of Renick.

W. R. SAMUEL.

JAMES D. HEAD.

[Inform] commanding officer at Sturgeon of the raid. No troops in Randolph County.

JOHN F. WILLIAMS,

Colonel Ninth Missouri Cavalry.

SAINT LOUIS, July 15, 1864.

General R. ALLEN,

Louisville, Ky.:

Steamers Glasgow, Northerner, Sunshine, Welcome, Dix, and Cherokee burned at the levee at 4 o'clock this morning; cause of fire not yet ascertained. Our loss only eighty-one tons of commissary stores, valued at about $16,000, some of which will be saved. The utmost vigilance has for weeks been exercised both by the quartermaster's and provost-marshal's departments.

LEWIS B. PARSONS,

Colonel, &amp;c.

LAWRENCE, July 15, 1864.

Major-General CURTIS:

Troops here only sufficient to do guard duty. Cannot a force of contrabands be sent here to work upon fortifications. Send fifty shovels, twenty-five pickaxes, here. Shall finish all of my work to-morrow. Where shall I go from here?

GEO. T. ROBINSON,

Chief Engineer.
HEADQUARTERS DISTRICT OF NORTH KANSAS,Fort Leavenworth, July 15, 1864.

Major C. S. CHARLOT,

Assistant Adjutant-General:

SIR: I have the honor to report to the major-general commanding Department of Kansas that I would recommend that that portion of Kansas west of the western line of Marion, Eldorado, Dickinson, Clay, and Washington Counties be made into a sub-district either attached to the District of North or South Kansas, with headquarters at Saline. The matter I know has met the favorable consideration of the general commanding. I have also to report that I am informed by an officer conversant with matters in that section of the country that the Indians, the Cheyennes, Arapahoes, and Comanches, complain of the Government allowing hunters to kill their buffalo by the thousands for the hides and tallow, which they claim is contrary to treaty stipulations and repeated promises made to them. They are quite willing that

14 R R-VOL XLI, PT II

