
that he has commenced the desired action, and that he will himself be present, vigorously perform the required duty at the time and for the period required by you, but that in consequence of this action he has nothing to spare for Morganza. He also informed me that the report of the blockade of White River is premature; that it was attempted, but the rebels were badly whipped and General Steele's communications are now uninterrupted. General Slocum will write you at once. I shall reach mouth of White River early to-morrow a. m.

I have the honor to be, general, very respectfully, &amp;c.,

GEO. S. MELVILLE,

Acting Assistant Adjutant-General.
HEADQUARTERS DISTRICT OF WEST TENNESSEE,Memphis, Tenn., July 2, 1864.

Major-General CANBY,

Commanding Military Division of West Mississippi:

GENERAL: I have to inform you that the blockade of White River has been raised, and that boats are again running. General Steele, I learn, has an ample supply of commissary stores, and he is not likely to suffer until after General Smith shall return from his expedition.

Respectfully, yours,

C. C. WASHBURN,

Major-General.
HDQRS. MILITARY DIVISION OF WEST MISSISSIPPI,New Orleans, La., July 2, 1864.

Major General F. STEELE,

Commanding Department of Arkansas, Little Rock, Ark.:

GENERAL: Your dispatch of the 28th is just received.* Under orders from the headquarters of the Army I am sending a large force to the Army of the Potomac, but I have ordered 5,000 men from Memphis, that were ordered to this department, to go to the Department of Arkansas, if your communications with the Mississippi are endangered, and I am preparing a force of 6,000 from this department. I do not think that Smith can assemble so large a force as is represented in your dispatch, or that he is ready to move. If he is he can be held at bay until I can re-enforce you. Do not attempt to hold any place that is not of vital importance to the success of military operations. All other considerations must be subordinate to this result.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

E. R. S. CANBY,

Major-General, Commanding.

NEW ORLEANS, July 2, 1864.

(Received July 6, midnight.)

Major General C. C. WASHBURN,

Memphis:

Your dispatches have been received.+ Under orders from the headquarters of the Army I am sending a large force to the Army of the Potomac.

---------------

*See Vol. XXXIV, part I, p. 1042.

---------------

+See June 26 and June 28, Vol. XXXIX, Part II, pp. 147, 150.

