
buffalo shall be killed by any one for meat only, and will aid any one who wishes them to do so for that purpose. I would respectfully request whether the sub-district be made or not, that a department order be made prohibiting all persons from hunting buffalo, except for meat, in Kansas west of the line heretofore named. It is reported to me that at least 100 men in Saline make a living by killing the buffalo for the hides and tallow, and that the order proposed would settle all hostilities, as they are not so much against the Government as against the hunters.

All of which is respectfully submitted.

I am, sir, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

THOS. A. DAVIES,

Brigadier-General, Commanding District of North Kansas.
HEADQUARTERS DEPARTMENT OF NEW MEXICO,Santa Fe, N. Mex., July 15, 1864.

Colonel GEORGE W. BOWIE,

Commanding District of Arizona, Franklin, Tex.:

COLONEL: By to-day's mail you will receive some blank form of oaths of allegiance under the President's proclamation. The Texas refugees who voluntarily come forward and ask to take it, may be permitted to do so, provided they are not prisoners, or are under no restraints. Please have the oaths carefully filled out. Keep a record of them at your headquarters, and send those which must go to Mr. Seward, Secretary of State, and those which are to be filed at department headquarters with letters of advice. The descriptive lists of the Texan refugees came to hand. We have not rations at Tucson to supply them. You are authorized to give them rations at Fort Yuma, provided they can transport them. If you have not enough to do this send to Fort Craig for more. Flour, beans, salt, &amp;c., you have below the Jornada. Give them all the help necessary and cheer them on their way. I am informed that there is an abundance of rations at Fort Yuma. It is possible the Whipple or Beall wagon route from Los Pinos would be better than the southern route on account of grass and water being more abundant on that route. In event of taking that route they could come up slowly along, get rations at Craig and Los Pinos. I offer no advice as regards the route. The best road is the southern.

I am, colonel, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

JAMES H. CARLETON,

Brigadier-General, Commanding.
HEADQUARTERS,Fort Ridgely, Minn., July 15, 1864.

Captain R. C. OLIN,

Asst. Adjt. General, District of Minnesota, Saint Paul, Minn.:

CAPTAIN: I have the honor to inform you that Captain Fisk arrived here on the 13th instant and called on me for the escort assigned by Special Orders, Numbers 146, from district headquarters. In accordance with that order I have been waiting for further orders, which I have not received yet, but as Company I, Second Minnesota Cavalry, had been previously assigned to the forces for Fort Wadsworth, and the order was only modified, I completed the outfit of the company and they will start in the morning to overtake Captain Fisk's train, which has started this afternoon. As Captain Fisk represents that Major Clowney has

