
orders relative to an escort from James River to the Missouri, I have ordered Captain Bonham, on reaching Fort Wadsworth or the force marching to James River, to report to Major Clowney, and hope that my action in this matter will be approved by the commanding general. These expeditions have taken most of our transportation and serviceable horses, and if it is at all possible, I would most urgently request that some more animals be sent to this post. The sergeant in charge at Chanyuska reports that a few evenings since an Indiana fired at him; that they followed in the night and morning, but had to give up, as they could not find any tracks after sunrise. Scout Henry Back has just returned from a trip up the Cottonwood to Lake Shetek and reports no signs.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

WILLIAM PFAENDER,

Lieutenant-Colonel, Commanding.

P. S.-At the closing of the letter I received information that we can send for twenty-five horses, which will be done in the morning.

W. P.

CIRCULAR, HDQRS. MIL. DIV. OF WEST MISSISSIPPI, Numbers 5. New Orleans, La., July 16, 1864.

All communications for these headquarters will until further orders be addressed to New Orleans, La.

By order of Major General E. R. S. Canby:

C. T. CHRISTENSEN,

Major and Assistant Adjutant-General.

GENERAL ORDERS, HDQRS. DEPARTMENT OF THE GULF, Numbers 95. New Orleans, La., July 16, 1864.

Paragraphs III and IV of circular dated headquarters Military Division of West Mississippi, June 26, 1864, are published for the guidance of all concerned:

III. The practice of attaching companies, and, in some instances, battalions of cavalry to headquarters of brigades, divisions, and army corps, as body guards and orderlies, must be discontinued. All mounted troops so serving will be returned to their regiments without delay. Exception is made in the case of an army corps acting separately, one company of cavalry being then allowed for escort duty. The mounted orderlies required at brigade, division, and army corps headquarters, when the command does not consist wholly of cavalry, will be taken from the infantry and mounted on horses, such as are described in General Orders, Numbers 237, War Department, series 1863, as of class 3.

IV. Mounted men will not be detailed upon any duty which shall separate them from their horses. Nurses, clerks, hospital attendants, &amp;c., absolutely required, will be taken from the dismounted men.

By command of Major-General Banks:

GEORGE B. DRAKE,

Assistant Adjutant-General.
HEADQUARTERS DISTRICT OF LITTLE ROCK,Little Rock, Ark., July 16, 1864-2 a.m.

Lieutenant-Colonel CLARK,

Commanding Officer, Ninth Kansas Cavalry:

The train was fired into this morning about nine miles from Huntersville. The brigadier-general commanding directs that you send a bat-

