
talion of cavalry out to start at daylight or before, to ascertain who the party was that fired on the train, and pursue and rout them. The battalion will go at least as far as Lick Bayou and thoroughly patrol the road and give notice to the moving train of any danger. The commanding officer may find some one at the depot who will give him some information as to where the firing was, but will not delay his march to wait for their information. The general further directs that you acknowledge receipt of this, stating how many men you will send, and the time of starting.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

C. H. DYER,

Assistant Adjutant-General.
HDQRS. THIRD CAVALRY, MISSOURI VOLUNTEERS,Camp near Little Rock, Ark., July 16, 1864.

Lieutenant C. H. FROST,

Acting Assistant Adjutant-General:

LIEUTENANT: My patrols report to me this morning that a Mr. Ellison, who lives about eight miles from Little Rock, on the Benton road, states that there were, on yesterday, 500 rebels eighteen miles west of Benton on the Hot Springs road, about thirty miles from Little Rock.

I am, lieutenant, very respectfully, &amp;c.,

T. G. BLACK,

Lieutenant-Colonel, Commanding Regiment.

P. S.-If a detail is sent out after the above, Major Lennon would like to command it.

T. G. B.
HEADQUARTERS DISTRICT OF THE FRONTIER,Fort Smith, Ark., July 16, 1864.

Major General F. STEELE,

Commanding Department of Arkansas:

I have the honor to inform you that my scouts report that cooper reached a place called the Narrows on Friday, the 8th instant, having from 5,000 to 6,000 men with him. The information I regard as reliable. The Narrows are about forty-five or fifty miles from here. I am not yet clear as to what is his object in moving this way, for I cannot yet believe that he intends to attack me within our fortifications. If he comes much nearer, I shall be inclined to give him battle in the open field, if circumstances justify it, and will whip him. On account of Cooper's moving up, I have thought proper to detail the Eleventh U. S. Colored here until I know what his intentions are. As soon as I am satisfied he does not intend to give me a fight, I will send it to Little Rock. All quiet up the river to Gibson.

Very respectfully, yours,

JOHN M. THAYER,

Brigadier-General.

SAINT LOUIS, July 16, 1864. (Received 11.15 a.m.)

Honorable E. M. STANTON:

I once more implore you to send me some of the invalid or disabled officers of the line, who could do provost-marshal's duty in this depart-

