
ment, as troops, State militia, are deficient in good officers, and our duty requiring the best, cannot, without most serious detriment to the service, spare them for duties most important for humanity, as well as local peace and safety. I once more respectfully ask that my application for contingent funds may be granted. I have had none, and never commanded where it was more needed for the good of the service.

W. S. ROSECRANS.

LEXINGTON, July 16, 1864.

Major-General ROSECRANS,

Commanding Department of the Missouri:

The steamer War Eagle just arrived from above bound to Saint Louis; proposes making various landings along the river. I think it unsafe to allow this at present without a strong guard. What shall be done? Colonel McFerran is here in command. Please answer.

JAS. TOTTEN,

Brigadier-General.

SAINT LOUIS, MO., July 16, 1864.

General TOTTEN, Lexington, Mo.:

You may instruct Colonel McFerran to put a guard of fifteen men under a sergeant on the War Eagle to accompany her to Jefferson City and remain there to guard the first up-boat to Lexington.

O. D. GREENE,

Assistant Adjutant-General.
SPECIAL ORDERS, HDQRS. DEPT. OF THE MISSOURI, Numbers 195. Saint Louis, Mo., July 16, 1864.

* * * * *

IV. That portion of the First Iowa Cavalry now at Benton Barracks will proceed as soon as mounted and equipped to Mexico, Mo., take post at that point, and report to Brigadier-General Fisk, commanding District of North Missouri, by telegraph for further orders. Without, however, awaiting orders from him, the commanding officer of the battalion will send out scouting parties of not less than thirty men and officers with a view to destroying any bands of armed guerrillas or bushwhackers they may encounter. The commanding officer will also secure the safety of any important bridges on the North Missouri Railroad within reach of the post of Mexico. The quartermaster's department will furnish transportation.

* * * * * *

By command of Major-General Rosecrans:

FRANK ENO,Assistant Adjutant-General.

PILOT KNOB, July 16, 1864.

(Received 8.22 a.m. 17th.)

General EWING, Commanding:

People are coming in every day from Arkansas and report that Shelby is enforcing a relentless conscription of all persons from sixteen

