
to sixty years of age. Three men came in to-day and report that a dozen more will be here early next week. I understand that Shelby has about 2,500 men at Jacksonport, Ark., and that a great number of them are without arms and that they have but very little ammunition I think they expect to get ammunition through Southern Illinois. Would like very much to take command of an expedition to go down there. Can't you allow me to do so? The young lady I sent to provost-marshal-general says I may expect a raid up here soon. Will be on my guard. Probably Bloomfield will be the first objective point. The refugees from that country say that a raid up here is often spoken of among them, but it may be only to soften the harrowed feeling of the conscript. A raid into Missouri is a tempting bait for an Arkansas rebel.

J. F. TYLER,

Colonel, Commanding.
HEADQUARTERS SAINT LOUIS DISTRICT,Saint Louis, Mo., July 16, 1864.

Lieutenant-Colonel BURRIS,

Commanding Cape Girardeau:

I think you should get up a considerable expedition into Arkansas, going as far as Kitchen's command, and breaking it up. In this I can send you about 300 men and two howitzers, also, if needed, from Pilot Knob and Patterson, to join you between Bloomfield and Chalk Bluff. Telegraph me whether you think that the best line to operate on, and whether you will want this additional force, and when you will be ready. The object of the expedition would be to break up and demoralize Kitchen's force, and also to give a chance to many Union families in that part of Arkansas to get out, and the men to enlist.

THOMAS EWING, JR.,

Brigadier-General.
HDQRS. DETACH. FIFTH CAV. MISSOURI STATE MIL.,Salem, Mo,. July 16, 1864.

Colonel SIGEL:

SIR: It does seem that the bushwhackers will steal everything in the county. I think it would be advisable to go down about the line and Spring River and clean them all out at once, as they take their stock down in that county about Thomasville, as that is their hiding place. There will be no danger of meeting any large force. If you could spare about two more companies from Rolla for a few days and what men I have here, and go down and clean the whole county out, it can be done in eight or ten days and then we shall be shut of them. As all the Union people have left that county, there is nobody there but those bushwhackers and their families. I think they have a fine lot of stock in that county. If you cannot send any men from Rolla I would go with what men I have here, as I am anxious to clean that county out. It would not be very safe with less than 200 or 300 men to go far down. Last night they stole several horses in the neighborhood. If I could get permission to take that scout, think it would be a great relief to this county.

Respectfully, your obedient servant,

L. E. WHYBARK,

Captain, Commanding Detachment.

