HEADQUARTERS NEAR SOUTH FORK, July 16, 1864.

Captain STEGER,Assistant Adjutant-General, Warrensburg:

We surprised the rebels this evening and routed them, killing 5. None of our men hurt. We are all right. I never fail.

W. E. CHESTER.
HDQRS. FOURTH SUB-DISTRICT OF CENTRAL MISSOURI,Kansas City, MO., July 16, 1864.

Lieutenant I. F. EVENS,

Second Colorado Cavalry:

SIR: The colonel directs that you keep a sharp lookout for the guerrillas, as everything tends to show they contemplate a movement on some of the stations on this die, while so many of our troops are called to the other side of the river. Do not attempt to scout much at any great distance from your station, but hold your men well in hand, prepared at all times for any emergency.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

JAS. S. CLEVELAND,

Acting Assistant Adjutant-General.
HEADQUARTERS DEPARTMENT OF THE MISSOURI,Saint Louis, July 16, 1864.

Brigadier General CLINTON B. FISK,

Commanding District of North Missouri, Saint Joseph, Mo.:

GENERAL; I am directed by the major-general commanding the department to call upon you to furnish a full and thorough report touching the causes and circumstances of the late outbreak and disturbances in Platte and the adjoining counties in your district, and also what has been the conduct of the Enrolled Missouri Militia on duty in that portion of your command. It is the desire of the general commanding that you give your immediate attention to this, and that after a prompt and thorough investigation, as the case seems to demand, the report will be forwarded without unnecessary delay.*

I have the honor to be, general, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

J. LOVELL,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

MACON, July 16, 1864.

Major O. D. GREENE,

Assistant Adjutant-General:

MAJOR: It was a portion of Quantrill's band at Huntsville yesterday; they numbered twenty-two, and stole $45,000 in cash, a portion of which was coin. They killed 1 man, Mr. Damon, of Saint Louis, robbed stores, and plundered indiscriminately from Unionists and rebels. Captain Smith, Ninth Cavalry Missouri State Militia, pursued the parties and came up with them on the Fayette road, ten

---------------

*For report here directed, see Part I, p. 56.

---------------

