
miles from Huntsville; a running fight of four miles ensued, in which one of the rascals was shot. They were mounted on the best of horses and soon distanced our jaded party. The road on which the chase occurred was strewn with ribbons, silks, and other items of their plunder. The leader of the villains was once a resident of Huntsville. Dispatched from different sections of the district indicate increasing troubles. The telegraph lines to Saint Joseph are interrupted. I shall try and get through some way.

CLINTON B. FISK,

Brigadier-General.

SAINT LOUIS, July 16, 1864.

General FISK:

The following dispatch just received. The general thinks you had better order a scout in that county from Seventeenth Illinois. We have no other troops to send there:

LEXINGTON, MO., [July] 16.

Colonel O. D. GREENE:

At the suggestion of General Totten I state upon information of citizens that there is a very bad state of affairs in Carroll County, thirty-five miles from this place. On the 14th instant some citizens and bushwhackers had a fight, in which 6 citizens were killed; afterward 4 more were killed. On yesterday a mob had banded together threatening that they intended to kill 100 citizens, whom they denounced as rebels and sympathizers, and that the people were fleeing from their homes in all directions.

JAMES McFERRAN,

Colonel First Missouri State Militia.

O. D. GREENE,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

SAINT LOUIS, MO., July 16, 1864.

Honorable BENJAMIN F. LOAN,

Saint Joseph, Mo.:

He is now en route; left at 4 this morning.

W. S. ROSECRANS,

Major-General.

FORT LEAVENWORTH, July 16, 1864.

Captain McLAIN,

Lawrence:

Send down two of the little howitzers which are at Lawrence. I want them to arm steam-boats, which I am using to prevent rebels crossing the river. Our troops have routed them and killed many in Platte County, MO. They are now trying to cross through Kansas.

Look out for stragglers disguised.

S. R. CURTIS,

Major-General.

FORT KEARNY, NEBR. TER., July 16, 1864.

Colonel LEWIS MERRILL,

In Charge of Cavalry Depot, Cavalry Bureau:

SIR: Your communication in regard to the purchase of horses at Omaha City for the battalion of Nebraska cavalry is at hand. The

