
horses can be purchased at that place; at what figure I am unable to say, but I have no doubt as low as at any other point. It is of the utmost importance that not only the horses for the battalion are immediately furnished, but also 200 for the Seventh Iowa Cavalry, as it is impossible for me with the mounted men at my disposal to fully protect the long and important lines of the Platte Valley and those diverging from it. I am on my way west now to repel attacks just committed at several points on the Platte, and if the horses for the dismounted men in my command could be had immediately I am confident it would result in the saving of many lives and much valuable property.

I am, colonel, respectfully your obedient servant,

ROBT. B. MITCHELL,

Brigadier-General, Commanding District.

FORT KEARNY, NEBR. TER., July 16, 1864.

Lieutenant-Colonel COLLINS,

Fort Laramie:

The general commanding directs me to say that if you deem it necessary you may withdraw one company from the least exposed portion of overland mail route; also, that he will start from Cottonwood Springs Tuesday next with two companies for Laramie.

Very respectfully,

GEORGE WILLIAMS,

Lieutenant and Aide-de-Camp.
HEADQUARTERS DEPARTMENT OF KANSAS,Fort Leavenworth, July 16, 1864.

Colonel J. M. CHIVINGTON,

Commanding District of Colorado, Denver, Colo.:

COLONEL: I have the honor to acknowledge the receipt of your communication of the 5th instant, inclosing copy of report of Major E. W. Wynkoop, commanding directs me to say that the scout must have extended far beyond department lines, and is therefore disapproved. The troops were needed at Larned, where the Indians were in actual hostile attitude. Commanders of other departments should be advised requested to attend to the matter.

I have the honor to be, colonel, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

C. S. CHARLOT,

Assistant Adjutant-General.
HEADQUARTERS DEPARTMENT OF ARKANSAS, ETC.,Little Rock, Ark., July 17, 1864.

Major General E. R. S. CANBY,

Commanding Military Division of West Mississippi:

GENERAL: The enemy is still hovering about us, with what ultimate design I am not yet fully able to determine. Deserters, refugees,

---------------

*For Wynkoop's report, see Vol. XXXIV, Part IV, p. 576.

---------------

