
This necessarily suspends operations against Mobile, but I shall continue the demonstration in that direction, for the double purpose of concerting this movement and of drawing off some portion of the enemy from A. J. Smith's front. This reduction requires us to give the greatest efficiency and mobility to our troops. All the old troops must be relieved from garrison duty and replaced by the militia. The 5,000 infantry from Memphis will not now be needed, but, with as many more as can be spared, should be held in reserve to support Steele, who is now threatened. I send you a copy of his dispatch. The force sent to him should be as large as you can make up. I send General Gordon to report to you for assignment with this command unless you have already organized it and assigned another officer to the command. If arrangements are already made, you can order him to report to me again, or employ him in any other way, if you need his services.

ED. R. S. CANBY,

Major-General.

LITTLE ROCK, July 2, 1864.

Colonel J. K. MIZNER,

Commanding Devall's Bluff:

General Steele thinks that the transport had better go down the river under convey of the gun-boats.

By order of Brigadier General E. A. Carr:

C. H. DYER,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

DEVALL'S BLUFF, July 2, 1864.

Captain C. H. DYER,

Assistant Adjutant-General, District of Little Rock:

Colonel Geiger reports this morning that his scouts have returned, but bring no important information. They saw no enemy and heard of none, except small parties of guerrillas. The horses of Ninth Iowa Cavalry need shoeing badly. The regiment is burning coal to shoe with. Will not small scouts answer until Colonel Geiger is in better condition to move? Should the general desire any large force sent, please give me general instructions as to their movements. The existence of a battery at Prairie Landing is only supported by Gun-boats 30 and 37, from the sound of artillery in that direction. Four boats will be ready for convoy on Monday. The navy object to escorting a single boat, but will take this number. Colonel Geiger desires permission to visit Little Rock to-day.

All quiet here.

J. K. MIZNER,

Colonel, Commanding.

LITTLE ROCK, July 2, 1864.

Colonel J. M. MIZNER,

Commanding Devall's Bluff:

Shelby's artillery was twenty miles at least from the crossing of Cache at 10 o'clock on Monday morning. Have the negro questioned closely by Colonel Geiger or some other cavalry officer who was in the pur-

