
BROWNSVILLE, July 17, 1864.

General CARR:

Gum Spring is three miles this side of Searcy, on the right of the road leading from here to Searcy. I have sent for the messenger.

WOOD.
SPECIAL ORDERS, HDQRS. DEPT. OF THE MISSOURI, Numbers 196. Saint Louis, Mo., July 17, 1864.

* * * * *

II. Brigadier General James Totten having been relieved from duty in this department, Colonel J. H. Baker, Tenth Minnesota Infantry, is hereby assigned to duty as president of the military board instituted in Special Orders, Numbers 228, series of 1863, from these headquarters.

* * * * *

By command of Major-General Rosecrans:

FRANK ENO,Assistant Adjutant-General.

PILOT KNOB, July 17, 1864.

Lieutenant H. HANNAHS,

Acting Assistant Adjutant-General:

I would like very much to take command of an expedition against Jacksonport, Ark. Can't such a thing be arranged? Shelby, I have no doubt, is there now, with probably 1,500 or 2,000 men, a large number of whom are unarmed. If I could get off from here this day week I will bring Shelby back here a prisoner of fifteen days. I want only 1,000 effective men and two pieces of artillery with which to accomplish this. I will furnish from my own command the two pieces of artillery and 300 men. Can't you start the rest for me? Think Burris might furnish the 300. Let me hear from you early. The rebels will leave that place soon. Either move up this way or down the other way. Reves is to organize a regiment at Jacksonport on the 20th instant, so persons running from their conscription report.

J. F. TYLER,

Commanding.

PILOT KNOB, July 17, 1864.

Major WILSON,

Patterson:

Ten men flying from the conscription have just reported here from Arkansas. They live in Randolph County, near Black's Ferry, on Eleven Points River, and say they were ordered to report this morning to a point on the river in order to go to Jacksonport to be organized under Reves and Johnson. They were to be organized the 20th instant. They say Shelby is at Jacksonport.

JOHN F. TYLER,

Colonel, Commanding.

