
rejoin his regiment for duty. Colonel J. J. Gravely, Eighth Cavalry Missouri State Militia, will immediately assume command of the post of Springfield, Mo.

By order of Brigadier-General Sanborn:

W. D. HUBBARD,

First Lieutenant and Actg. Asst. Adjt. General

SAINT JOSEPH, MO., July 17, 1864.

Colonel O. D. GREENE,

Assistant Adjutant-General:

I have the honor to report my arrival here and the receipt of your telegram of the 16th instant with information from Colonel McFerran touching the disturbances in Carroll County. I have ordered every available man within striking distance to concentrate for a strong scout through Ray, Carroll, and Chariton. The rascals who are committing these new outrages are the same party that robbed Huntsville. Judge Hall came to Saint Joseph yesterday in same train with myself. He knew the leader of the Huntsville gang. The judge is now fully convinced of the magnitude and serious character of the rebel movements in North Missouri, and he is now here to sate that he has been deceived hitherto, and he now admonishes the authorities that no time is to be lost in preparations for the sharpest and severest contest Missouri has yet seen. Information received from the most reliable men in all sections of my district leads me to respectfully but earnestly plead for all the reliable troops that can be furnished me without delay. We cannot rely upon the Enrolled Missouri Militia for the work before us.

CLINTON B. FISK,

Brigadier-General.

FAYETTE, MO., July 17, 1864.

General FISK:

Guerrillas are increasing in numbers and boldness in this and adjoining counties every day. The sick of this command (large number on account of impure vaccination) are in hinderance to our efforts here. The citizens show no disposition now to organize under General Orders, Numbers 107. I therefore respectfully submit for your consideration the following, viz: Allow me to send all our sick soldiers, our tents, wagons, and rations to Macon City or elsewhere on the North Missouri Railroad. Give me an order for 100 men from our regiment to stay in the field and live as the rebels do, and I think I would be safe in promising you good results.

R. LEONARD,

Major Ninth Cavalry Missouri State Militia.

SAINT JOSEPH, MO., July 17, 1864.

Major General S. R. CURTIS,

Fort Leavenworth, Kans.:

DEAR SIR: I returned home a day or two since and found this part of the State apparently involved in very serious disturbances. From those on this side of the river I can gain no definite information in relation to the extent and character of these troubles. I have, therefore, presumed upon your former kindness to me to write you this to

