
ester for the purpose of conferring in relation to some of the details. Will you do me the favor to give them any facilities and furnish them with any information that may be necessary?

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

E. R. S. CANBY,

Major-General, Commanding.
HDQRS. MILITARY DIVISION OF WEST MISSISSIPPI,New Orleans, La., July 18, 1864.

Captain M. D. McALESTER,

Chief Engineer, Military Division of West Mississippi:

CAPTAIN: The major-general commanding directs that you proceed to the U. S. fleet off Mobile and report to Rear-Admiral D. G. Farragut, U. S. Navy, for the purpose of making such reconnaissance and collecting such other information as may be necessary to insure the efficient co-operation of the land force to be employed in the operations projected by the admiral. The force to be sent will be between 4,000 and 5,000 men. The co-operation in the naval operations will involve the landing at and occupation of one or more points on the island or coast near the mouth of the harbor. These points will depend materially upon the naval operations, but it is important to determine within that range the best points for the landing, and the best means of effecting them, and this it is believed you will be able to do from observation and from information in possession of the admiral. Subordinate to this are the material obstacles that will have to be encountered after the landing, the work to be done in overcoming them; the facilities of natural cover and for intrenchment; the possibility of procuring water for the use of the troops either on the island or on the peninsula east of Fort Morgan. Please ascertain from the admiral what facilities can be given by the fleet in landing the troops and the supplies that they will require after the landing has been effected. In addition to the above, which are indicated as points of special interest, you will please collect any information that may be of use in connection with the contemplated operations.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

C. T. CHRISTENSEN,

Major and Assistant Adjutant-General.

HDQRS. MILITARY DIVISION OF WEST MISSISSIPPI,

OFFICE OF THE CHIEF SIGNAL OFFICER, [July 18, 1864.]

Major General E. R. S. CANBY,

Commanding Mil. Div. of West Mississippi, New Orleans:

GENERAL: I have the honor to submit to your consideration a consolidated report of information received at this office this 18th day of July, 1864, from the following sources: One paper from Brigadier-General Asboth, commanding District of West Florida; one paper from Lieutenant N. H. Camp, Signal Corps, U. S. Army; one paper from Major General C. C. Washburn, commanding District of West Tennessee. Forrest reported at Tupelo, Miss., with all the forces he can muster. Colonel Scott is reported by Mr. Levi again at Clinton, La., with his force having been defeated with the loss of several hundred and returning with more troops than he started with, estimated at 3,000 infantry and

