
suit and who knows the country, and report result. Keep a good lookout to the south, and do not let the enemy get near without your knowledge, but you need not send the whole force if it is not ready. Every exertion must be used to get the horses shod up. Take coal off from boats. You will be sorry if a large force should get near your post without your knowledge. Let Colonel Geiger come. I do not think the gun-boats ought to go out of the river to escort transports until others come.

E. A. CARR,

Brigadier-General, Commanding.

PINE BLUFF, ARK., July 2, 1864-7 p. m.

Captain C. H. DYER,

Assistant Adjutant-General, District of Little Rock:

A raid was made last night on the Haskell plantation, about eight miles above here, on the north of the river, by a party supposed to be from 75 to 100 strong. They killed 9 negroes. I sent out crossing the river the enemy made good their escape but a slight loss.

POWELL CLAYTON,

Colonel, Commanding.
HEADQUARTERS DISTRICT OF THE FRONTIER,Fort Smith, Ark., July 2, 1864.

Major-General STEELE,

Commanding Department of Arkansas:

GENERAL: Your order directing me to send the Ninth Kansas to Little Rock reached me day before yesterday. Two hundred and fifty of that regiment were then absent, but returned last night, and the regiment is now crossing the river to proceed on the north side. Its removal from here will leave my cavalry force very weak. I hope you will soon be able to permit it to return here. Cooper and Maxey are at Mountain Station, about seventy-five miles southwest from here. I think their object is to keep my force here. Colonel Lynde can give you information about matters in detail.

Very respectfully,

JOHN M. THAYER,

Brigadier-General, Commanding.
SPECIAL ORDERS, HDQRS. DISTRICT OF THE FRONTIER, Numbers 90. Fort Smith, Ark., July 2, 1864.

* * * * * *

IV. The Ninth Kansas Cavalry is hereby relieved from duty in this district and will report to Major General F. Steele, Department of Arkansas, Little Rock, without delay.

* * * * * *

By command of Brigadier-General Thayer:

T. J. ANDERSON,Assistant Adjutant-General.

