
the name of any officer guilty of an infringement of this order. War Department General Orders, Numbers 177, above referred to, is hereby republished for general information:

GENERAL ORDERS, WAR DEPARTMENT, ADJUTANT-GENERAL'S OFFICE, Numbers 177. Washington, April 23, 1864.

I. Every officer of the Army, other than of the quartermaster's department, and the chief medical officer of departments, armies, and army corps, who ha sin his possession or under his control any horse, ambulance, spring wagon, or vehicle of any kind belonging to the Government of the United States, whether used in the performance of his public or private duties, will immediately turn in the same to the quartermaster's department.

II. Hereafter no officer of the Army will use any horse, ambulance, spring wagon, or vehicle of any kind, which is the property of the Government of the United States, whether for the transaction of his official or private business, without an order in writing from the Adjutant-General authorizing such use. This order will not apply to officers entitled to be mounted under General Orders, Numbers 277, from this office, of August 8, 1863.

III. The regulations of the quartermaster's department provide for the transportation of officers traveling under orders and their baggage. When, on proper requisition, an officer has obtained transportation the horse or vehicle so obtained will be returned to the officer accountable therefor, or to some officer of the quartermaster's department, as soon as the journey is performed.

IV. The quartermaster-general and inspector-general will cause this order to be enforced by the officers of their departments throughout the armies of the United States; and for its violation, reported by the officers of these departments, the same penalty is attached as provided by section 8 of an act of Congress, published in General Orders, War Department, Numbers 106, current series, in reference to the use of ambulances.

By order of the Secretary of War:

E. D. TOWNSEND,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

By order of Major General E. R. S. Canby:

C. T. CHRISTENSEN,

Major and Assistant Adjutant-General.
SPECIAL ORDERS, HDQRS. DEPARTMENT OF THE GULF, Numbers 190. New Orleans, July 18, 1864.

* * * * *

VII. The signal corps detachment of the Department of the Gulf will be at once reported by Captain F. W. Marston, chief signal officer, Department of the Gulf, to Colonel Albert J. Myer, chief signal officer, at headquarters Military Division of West Mississippi, for orders.

* * * * *

IX. Paragraph 10, of Special Orders, Numbers 179, of July 7, 1864, from these headquarters, is hereby amended so as to read: Company C, First Indiana Cavalry, is hereby relieved from duty in this department, and will proceed without delay to rejoin its regiment in the Department of Arkansas. The quartermaster's department will furnish the necessary transportation.

* * * * *

By command of Major-General Banks:

A. DUER IRVING,Acting Assistant Adjutant-General.

LITTLE ROCK, July 18, 1864-10 a.m.

(Received 27th.)

Major-General CANBY:

GENERAL: A rumor reaches me this morning through a lady, Mrs. Roane, of Pine Bluff, who has just come from within the rebel lines,

