
across Bayou Des Arc. He has no artillery with him. I found his first pickets at the bridge across Cypress Bayou. I went to the bridge across Bayou Des Arc and drove his pickets from there. I did not cross, but my wounded men inform me, and likewise some citizens who are perfectly reliable, that they were there, and 1,500 strong; and from their pickets and other indications I have every reason to believe so. I am going into Little Rock myself, as I am unwell. I leave Major Snelling in command. I will send out the necessary supplies to them and return myself if able to go at all.

JAMES STUART,

Colonel, Commanding.
HEADQUARTERS DISTRICT OF LITTLE ROCK,Little Rock, Ark., July 18, 1864.

Lieutenant Colonel C. S. CLARK,

Commanding Officer, Ninth Kansas Cavalry:

SIR: The brigadier-general commanding directs that you hold your command in readiness to move before daylight, to-morrow morning, provided with five days' rations.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

C. H. DYER,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

P. S.-The general does not expect the men who have just returned with Major Thacher from scout, nor any others who are not fit, to go.
HEADQUARTERS DISTRICT OF LITTLE ROCK,Little Rock, Ark., July 18, 1864.

Lieutenant-Colonel CLARK,

Commanding Officer, Ninth Kansas Cavalry:

In my letter of this morning you were directed to have in readiness all the men of your command fit for scouting service, with the exception of that part lately out, under Major Thacher. I heard from him to-day at upper Bayou Metoe bridge, and suppose he will be or is already in. You will send the available men of two battalions only and give to the commanding officer the following instructions:

To proceed by way of Austin to the country between Brownsville and Searcy and cover Brownsville Station and the railroad from the enemy on the south side. To reconnoiter to the east and west and to push his reconnaissance as far as practicable toward Searcy, and if practicable drive the enemy across the Little Red. To send reports daily to this headquarters, either by messenger direct or by telegraph from Brownsville Station, and to inform the commanding officer at Brownsville Station of any approach of the enemy in force, and to co-operate with him in the defense of that place. It is probable that the rest of the regiment will proceed to the neighborhood of Brownsville Station in a day or two. I take for granted that Colonel Lynde is in command of the regiment and that he will send Lieutenant-Colonel Clark in command of the expedition, but Colonel Lynde can go if he so chooses. If Colonel Clark is in command he can go or send a major, as he thinks fit. The commanding officer of the expedition will call on Colonel Stuart, Tenth Illinois Cavalry, who has just returned from that region, and will give him information of the country, enemy,

