
WASHINGTON, D. C., July 18, 1864.

Major-General ROSECRANS:

Your telegram of this date has been received and submitted to the President for his directions, which will be communicated to you immediately upon their being given by him.

EDWIN M. STANTON,

Secretary of War.

WASHINGTON, D. C., July 18, 1864.

Major General W. S. ROSECRANS:

The Secretary of War directs me to inform you, in reply to your telegram of the 16th instant, that every effort will be made to furnish you the officers you require to serve as provost-marshals. It is, however, very difficult to find them, as all officers, whether on the active or retired list, who are capable of any duty, are already employed. Will you please state what sum of money you need as a contingent fund.

C. A. DANA,

Assistant Secretary of War.

JEFFERSON CITY, July 18, 1864.

Major-General ROSECRANS:

Just arrived here per steamer War Eagle. Left Lexington day before yesterday. Stopped at all towns between this and Lexington. People everywhere greatly excited, on north side river especially. From reports guerrillas are moving toward the Perche Hills, in Howard and Boone Counties. At Rocheport we were fired upon by guerrillas. Should think some thirty shots were fired. Rumor says Boone County has a large number of guerrillas in it or near Rocheport. I met Colonel Hynes two miles below Rocheport; gave him the information relative to guerrillas, and directed him to make a landing with a strong party and try and capture the rebels. I do not think Colonel Hynes' command should be sent far up the river just now. He should be left to operate in the Perche Hills, or some other active commander should be sent there with a force of cavalry.

J. TOTTEN,

Brigadier-General.

HUNTSVILLE, MO., July 18, 1864.

Major-General ROSECRANS:

There is a perfect panic here. People are leaving their homes and have lost all hope. A word of assurance from you that protection will speedily be given would restore confidence. All parties share the panic alike. The people are without organization and cannot resist such large bands. Please do not publish in the papers.

JAS. D. HEAD.

J. B. THOMPSON.

W. R. SAMUEL.

