
SAINT LOUIS, MO., July 18, 1864.

JAMES D. HEAD,

W. R. SAMUEL,

Huntsville, Mo.:

Aide will be given.

W. S. ROSECRANS,

Major-General.

LIBERTY, MO., July 18, 1864.

Major-General ROSECRANS:

Your proclamation received. We are thankful for it. No organization under Orders 107, we are sorry to say, can be effected in this county. We ask that a new military district be formed at once, the center and headquarters of which to be at Liberty, with a commander of known loyalty and capable. This alone, with a sufficient number of foreign troops stationed, will cause the Union men to rally around the loyal forces, and they will do it. We ask and insist that none be armed that were not strictly loyal, after which that all who are willing to fight with and for loyal men and for the Government be invited to do so. Raw militia won't serve us. We must have orderly, efficient, volunteer troops. We recommend Colonel J. H. Ford as the commander of this district, if it comports with the service to place him here. The state of things is terrible, but Colonel Ford appears to understand thoroughly our true position, and with the proper force to sustain him will be enabled to save us; otherwise all is lost.

Yours, faithfully,

E. M. SAMUEL,

JAMES LOVE,

WM. BRING,

JAMES M. JONES,

W. J. REYNOLDS,

ANTHONY HORSEL,

Committee.
HEADQUARTERS POST OF SAINT LOUIS,Saint Louis, Mo., July 18, 1864.

Colonel O. D. GREENE,

Asst. Adjt. General, Department of the Missouri:

COLONEL: General Orders, Numbers 114, current series, Department of the Missouri, intrusts to me as commandant of this post the execution of that order within the limits of my command. I have accordingly taken every precaution strictly to enforce it. Inclosed I send a permit from William A. Keyser, of the provost-marshal-general's department, granting permission to the steamer Evening Star to depart without first complying with the order above referred to. The boat having departed without my consent, I have telegraphed to Captain Hunter at Hermann to stop her at that place, unless he finds that she has at least from twenty-five to thirty rifles and revolvers in her armory. I presume that this order of the provost-marshal-general was given inadvertently or from some misunderstanding. The execution of that order is entirely intrusted to me, and I have a vigilant captain superintending its execution.

J. H. BAKER,

Colonel Tenth Minn., Infty. Vols., Commanding Post Saint Louis.

