
HOLDEN, MO., July 2, 1864.

Major-General ROSECRANS:

I have completed my inspection at Tabo of Major Neill's command, First Missouri State Militia Cavalry. The command consists of parts of eighth companies of that regiment. I arrived here to-day and have inspected the two companies of the Seventh Cavalry Missouri State Militia, stationed here under command of Captain Foster. No news here of importance relative to guerrillas. At Major Neill's camp I learned that from six to twelve miles west of that position there exists a disloyal region of country which deserves careful attention. Major Neill was looking after it, and I also called General Brown's attention to the matter. I think myself a force of about four companies stationed at a point known as Hutchinson, from some six or eight miles west of Neill's camp, under an active officer, would produce salutary effects. General Brown's forces are active and I believe his military positions are well chosen, but he cannot with his present force occupy all the important points he would like to. I leave here to-morrow for Pleasant Hill, from which point you will next hear from me.

JAS. TOTTEN,

Brigadier-General, &amp;c.

HANNIBAL, July 2, 1864.

Major-General ROSECRANS:

I have position information that Salt River bridge, 150 feet long, is burned. This suspends all business on the road at present.

J. T. K. HAYWARD.

PILOT KNOB, July 2, 1864.

General EWING,

Saint Louis:

My bridge guard is on the alert. Last night a squad of horsemen made an effort, I think, to burn the bridge known as Christopher's Bridge. I do not know the number of men there were, and it was too dark to tell the number, but several were seen. The guard fired on them and they fled. This bridge is under the charge of Captain Lafferty, One hundred and thirty-fifth Illinois Volunteers. The men I have of this regiment are generally quite prompt and efficient.

J. F. TYLER,

Colonel, Commanding.
HEADQUARTERS DISTRICT OF SAINT LOUIS,Saint Louis, July 2, 1864.

Lieutenant Colonel J. T. BURRIS,

Cape Girardeau:

By letter dated June 29, Lieutenant Steele, acting provost-marshal, New Madrid, says: Kitchen, with 400 men, infests that vicinity, stealing, murdering, cutting the wires, &c.; that the condition is horrible, caused by the misrepresentations of interested traders. Investigate and report upon the condition of Pemiscot County.

THOMAS EWING, JR.,

Brigadier-General.

