
WARRENSBURG, MO., July 18, 1864.

Major O. D. GREENE,

Assistant Adjutant-General:

Todd will not attack Independence with 150 men. He has more men or he would not make the attempt. The line is down from here to Weston and I cannot communicate directly, but will try and get a dispatch to Major Suess to operate against the guerrillas in Jackson County, from Kansas City. Colonel McFerran telegraphs me from Lexington that a messenger has arrived with a dispatch from a captain of Enrolled Missouri Militia at Richmond stating that a force of 300 or 400 guerrillas were moving on that place, under command of Thornton, yesterday evening. It is said that Thornton's entire command was about 1,200. Most of this undoubtedly exaggerated.

E. B. BROWN,

Brigadier-General.

SAINT LOUIS, MO., July 18, 1864.

Brigadier-General BROWN,

Warrensburg, Mo.:

Notify Colonel Hall to look out for raid on Jefferson City. Two companies will be sent there to-morrow. Troops have gone up the river, but will stop on the other side.

W. S. ROSECRANS,

Major-General.
SPECIAL ORDERS, HDQRS. DIST. OF CENTRAL MISSOURI, Numbers 150. Warrensburg, Mo., July 18, 1864.

Colonel John S. Wolfe, commanding One hundred and thirty-fifth Infantry Illinois Volunteers, will move without delay with one company of his command from the Gasconade bridge and one company from the Osage to Jefferson City, Mo., establish headquarters of his regiment at that point, and report for orders to Colonel George H. Hall, commanding First and Second Sub-Districts. The quartermaster's department will furnish the necessary transportation.

By order of Brigadier-General Brown:

J. H. STEGER,Assistant Adjutant-General.

LEXINGTON, July 18, 1864.

Captain JAMES H. STEGER,

Assistant Adjutant-General, Warrensburg:

I have this minute received a dispatch from Captain Whitmer, Enrolled Missouri Militia, at Richmond, that a force of 300 or 400 guerrillas, of Thornton's command, were about ten miles from Richmond, moving on that place at about 4 o'clock yesterday. Please send me a section of artillery immediately. I have ordered Major Neill's force to join me. The purpose of the rebels, I am informed, is to cross the river east of this place. Thornton was not with them, but was moving in the same direction; supposed to be farther north. His entire force is

