
represented to be 1,200. This information is from a man who was a prisoner in their hands on yesterday. He thinks Quantrill was in command.

JAS. McFERRAN,

Colonel First Cavalry Missouri State Militia, Commanding

LEXINGTON, MO., July 18, 1864.

Major O. D. GREENE,

Assistant Adjutant-General:

I have just received a dispatch from Captain Whitmer, at Richmond that from 300 to 400 of Thornton's command were about ten miles west of Richmond on yesterday at 4 o'clock, marching on that place. Another party of the command was marching in the same direction farther north. His force is reported to be 1,200 strong, and it is supposed that they intend to cross the river east of this point. I desire a section of artillery immediately. Can't it be sent me?

JAMES McFERRAN,

Colonel First Cavalry Missouri State Militia.

SAINT LOUIS, MO., July 18, 1864.

Colonel McFERRAN,

Lexington, Mo.:

Your information about Thornton is undoubtedly much exaggerated, from all reliable reports we get from the force under Colonel Ford, who attacked and dispersed them once and is still pursuing. You can communicate with General Brown about artillery. I should not be surprised if Thornton did attempt to cross the river, in which case you are in a most excellent position to find it out in time to cripple him very much if not almost annihilate him. I am satisfied he has not over 400 men at the outside and more probably not above 250. By this time some 700 of the Seventeenth Illinois Cavalry are at Glasgow ready for instant action. It would be a most excellent thing for you to at once communicate with the commanding officer and also send small scouting parties out on the road on the north side of the river to seek for reliable news of the enemy, which news when entirely reliable you can communicate to the commanding officer at Glasgow. Cannot you and he arrange to co-operate if Thornton makes a demonstration toward crossing the river. Keep your men active, seek reliable news of the enemy, and if opportunity offers act with discretion, but the utmost vigor.

O. D. GREENE,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

WARRENSBURG, July 18, 1864.

Major HENRY SUESS,

Kansas City:

Colonel Ford will be directed by you to return to Kansas City with 120 men and take command of his sub-district. You will move with one section of artillery and the detachment of the Seventh Missouri State Militia by way of Independence, if that place is threatened; if not, by boat direct to Lexington and report by telegraph your arrival.

E. B. BROWN,

Brigadier-General of Volunteers, Commanding.

