
[Inclosure.]
HEADQUARTERS,Neosho, July 16, 1864.

Lieutenant W. D. HUBBARD,

Acting Assistant Adjutant-General:

SIR: For the information of the commanding general, I have the honor of informing you with respect to the situation of this county with regard to guerrillas. I have been making continual scouts since my return to this post. On my arrival at this post there was a force of about 100 men in this and Jasper County, under command of Lieutenant Goode and the notorious Stecker, which by continual scouting I have succeeded in driving from this country. I think they have moved south. I succeeded in killing one man, a very noted guerrilla, by the name of Conrad, from Kansas. Major Pickler is down south with some 200 or 300 men with Brown, who I intend to go and see in a few days. My horses were in a very poor condition previous to receiving forage from Springfield. They are now in a thriving condition, and will soon be able to do good service.

I am, general, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

MILTON BURCH,

Major, Commanding Batt. Eighth Cav. Mo. State Militia, Neosho, Mo.

SPRINGFIELD, MO., July 18, 1864.

Major-General ROSECRANS,

Saint Louis:

GENERAL: I am approached by many citizens of good standing and of influence who are truly loyal. They are not pleased at all with General Sanborn. They repeat to me many grievances and ask me to say to you give them another commander. They want a McNeil or a Pile. Pile I see is ordered away. I have asked for him to remain with you, and I hope you will see proper to give him to us. Will you join in asking the Department to countermand the order sending him away? Senator Harlan, of Washington City, our Congressional executive committee, is attending to it. I am thoroughly satisfied that Southwest Missouri will be a battle-field this fall, and equally certain am I that a conspiracy much stronger than you would believe is organized here to defy the power of this Government. A good detective, a stranger, sent here would discover a deep plot and a strong band. There is too much outspoken treason to mean nothing more. So far as I am concerned, as a citizen and a loyal man, they shall not insult me with their treasonable speeches, as I am determined to rebuke it at all hazards, with or without Mr. Lincoln's consent. He does not appreciate the danger there is in the growth of the most formidable opposition this Government has ever had to wrestle with. It is in this district a matter of life and death to loyal men whether it shall sway or not. Hoping to be in Saint Louis on 25th,

I am, truly, yours,

S. H. BOYD.

SAINT JOSEPH, MO., July 18, 1864.

Colonel O. D. GREENE,

Assistant Adjutant-General:

The force in pursuit of Thornton has killed 40 of the guerrillas, captured 200 stand of arms, much ammunition, and many horses. The

