
CAPE GIRARDEAU, July 2, 1864.

Brigadier-General EWING:

Have just received dispatch from Captain Hulse, at Jackson, that twenty-five guerrillas entered Millersville, some thirty-five miles from here, last night, and robbed stores of $10,000 worth of goods. I start a party in pursuit immediately. Am myself just starting to New Madrid; take with me Captain Arthur to investigate matters against Preuitt.

JOHN T. BURRIS,

Lieutenant-Colonel, &amp;c.
HEADQUARTERS DISTRICT OF CENTRAL MISSOURI,Warrensburg, Mo., July 2, 1864.

Major O. D. GREENE,

Assistant Adjutant-General, Saint Louis:

MAJOR: I have the honor to report that the past four days has been a time of quiet with the guerrillas, or they have left the district. Except two or three small bands, none have been heard of. In the affair at Dunksburg between the citizen guards and a band a guerrillas two citizens were killed by being led into an ambush. The band was pursued by Captain Ballew to the headquarters of the Muddy, Clear Ford, and thence went to Cass County. Captain Ballew had 1 man killed in a skirmish with them, in which 1 bushwhacker was killed and 1 wounded.

I am, very truly, your obedient servant,

E. B. BROWN,

Brigadier-General of Volunteers, Commanding.

WARRENSBURG, July 2, 1864.

Colonel J. H. FORD,

Pleasant Hill:

The commanding general directs that Captain West and the troops now at Independence move to Pleasant Hill, and in their place send one company to Independence and one to the Rock Cut of the railroad on the Little Blue, relieving the troops at Raytown. Place a judicious officer at Independence, with instructions to give every possible protection to the employes on the railroad. The building of the railroad is necessary for the peace of the country, and will be considered a military measure, and anything done to interfere with it, such as compelling the employes to furnish subsistence to scouting parties, threatening by soldiers or refusal to furnish the necessary papers, will be prohibited. Have your officers and soldiers instructed that it is the wish of the commanding generals of the department and of the district that they co-operate to the fullest extent with the railroad contractors. The general commanding has been informed, from a source deemed reliable, that the troops at Independence have unnecessarily interfered with the workmen on the railroad, and he desires that you will take such measures as may be deemed effective to correct it in future.

J. H. STEGER,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

