
Kansas' troops have been ordered to Fort Leavenworth. Our troops are now at Liberty in Clay County. The guerrillas have broken up into small parties and we are pursuing them through the brush. The defection in the Paw Paws in Platte and Clay Counties is bad enough. I will thoroughly investigate and report results as early as possible. Will it be practicable to give me Colonel Ford's regiment permanently?

CLINTON B. FISK,

Brigadier-General.

SAINT LOUIS, July 18, 1864.

General FISK:

Colonel Ford telegraphs that most of the rebels are out of Platte and Clay, gone into Ray, and they assembled Friday night, after being dispersed by Ford on Fishing River, about 200 strong; would not show fight; he still has scouting parties out. Ford has called a meeting of all the principal inhabitants of Clay for Wednesday next. If it does not interfere with your other arrangements, cannot you be present? Ford represents that affairs in his own sub-district are getting in bad shape, and requests the presence of his own troops, but just at present they cannot be spared from the duty they are now on. So soon, however, as Ford and Draper get Thornton and his men pushed far enough east for the Seventeenth Illinois to get hold of them, Ford's men must be sent, probably within a day or two. Draper and the Seventeenth Illinois should endeavor to push Thornton still farther east toward the North Missouri Railroad, where the First Iowa Cavalry will get after them.

O. D. GREENE,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

WARRENSBURG, July 18, 1864.

Brigadier General C. B. FISK,

Saint Joseph:

I am informed by telegraph from Lexington that there is a considerable force of rebels in the southeast part of Ray County, and that an attack on Richmond is apprehended, and that there is another band in the southeast portion of Carroll County, on Grand River.

E. B. BROWN,

Brigadier-General of Volunteers, Commanding.
HEADQUARTERS DEPARTMENT OF KANSAS,Fort Leavenworth, July 18, 1864.

General C. B. FISK:

Our troops struck the rebels a hard blow, killing many, destroying their arms, and burning houses in towns that raised and rejoiced under rebel flag. The people are terribly alarmed. Bushwhackers are still numerous in bands of 20 to 100, stealing horses, and evidently designing to rob and run south. People of Platte and Clay very disloyal. Nothing but force, considerable and active, will save the Union men

