
from massacre, and a large collection of rebel force. I brought up my cavalry from Liberty last night, believing it may be needed more elsewhere. It would be well to make a sub-district headquarters at Weston, when you have telegraphic communication. Then you need troops at Parkville and Sibley Landing. From these points frequent active movements could be made with the aid of steam-boats to combine forces. It would also be well to have a force northeast of Ridgeley. Ford is a good man to command this sub-district, but the talks of going back to Kansas City. You must not allow this. Nothing but continued active operations will keep down the rebels of Platte and Clay.

S. R. CURTIS,

Major-General.

SAINT JOSEPH, July 18, 1864.

Major-General CURTIS:

I have the honor to report my obligations for your prompt and cheerful co-operation in the movement against Thornton. I will thank you for your touching the present condition of affairs in Platte and Clay and your suggestions for further operations. How extensive is the Paw Paw defection? Captain Fitzgerald can doubtless give a pretty accurate estimate. Is there any good thing in Platte and Clay?

CLINTON B. FISK,

Brigadier-General.

KANSAS CITY, July 18, 1864.

General FISK,

Saint Joseph:

Attacked enemy at Camden Point; they ran. We killed 15 of them there. Our loss 1 killed, 1 mortally wounded. Chased them clear down into Ray County. Killed at least 25 on the road town. All of them in arms. Killed no citizens, although many of them need killing. Have called a large mass-meeting to be held at Liberty on Wednesday next, and have names of all disloyal men and rebel sympathizers, and have told the people that I will hold these men responsible for the actions of their particular friend Thornton. I will give them a chance to redeem themselves and left them try and save their country from destruction. Todd and his thieves are raising the devil in my sub-district. I cannot go down into Ray without leaving my counties completely unprotected. One hundred and fifty whelps now threaten Independence. We only have thirty men there. I am doing all I can. A large party opposite Lexington is trying to cross the river. Have sent a steam-boat with one section of artillery and 100 men, under Major Suess, down to prevent their crossing. I received General Rosecrans' order to remain over there, about I cannot leave my own men unprotected. General Curtis have withdrawn the Kansas troops. The balance of my force is at Liberty. Colonel Draper is there.

If I have to bring my troops over, would recommend that Colonel Draper be left there for the present.

J. H. FORD,

Colonel, Commanding Fourth Sub-District.

