
BROOKFIELD, MO., July 18, 1864.

Captain E. J. CRANDALL:

(Care General Rosecrans.)

Holtzclaw was supposed to be in the neighborhood of Stratton's last night. Stratton was killed and house burned last night; supposed to have been done by Holtczlaw's men and account of information given by Stratton a few nights ago. No scout out to-day.

C. C. DAVIS.

RICHMOND, RAY COUNTY, MO., July 18, 1864.

General FISK:

SIR: The committee of public safety for the country of Ray have the honor to report, in regard to the condition of the county, that it is infested with bands of guerrillas and bushwhackers and Confederate soldiers, who have murdered some of our best citizens under circumstances most barbarous and inhuman, adding in some cases to the crime of murder the crime of mutilation. The excitement in the county is intense and there is a general feeling of insecurity. The Union men feel that our means of defense are inadequate. The same condition of affairs exists in the counties bordering upon Ray. In Clay County, bordering upon this county, some seven or eight Union men have been murdered at their homes. The soldiers stationed in the county have been frequently fired upon and several killed and wounded. In Carroll County a few days ago a band guerrillas crossed the Missouri River, and, passing from house to house, murdered in cold blood nine Union citizens, robbing and plundering many citizens. In Caldwell County intense excitement prevails. In regard to our own county the committee would respectfully state that, besides having our borders threatened, as heretofore stated our county has been the scene of plunder, robbery, and murder. Lieutenant Page had a skirmish with the guerrillas in the eastern part of the county, in which the lieutenant was killed and two of his men wounded. A detachments of the Second Colorado was attacked in the western part of the county on Sunday, the 17th day of July, by a body of men claiming to be Confederate soldiers, in which six of the Colorado troops were killed and several wounded. On the 18th they passed northwest of Richmond, about seven miles from the city, murdering Lieutenant Turnage, of Company D, Fifty-first Regiment Enrolled Missouri Militia; John F. Shumake, a private in said regiment, and a soldier, a private in the Second Colorado, whom they had a prisoner. Lieutenant Turnage as shot three times in the head and his throat was cut from ear to ear. Perry Wilson, living near Knoxville, was murdered the same day. The same band, numbering 300 or 400 men, well armed, passed through Knoxville, and are now in the northeastern part of the county. The only person killed at Knoxville was a negro man. The mail has been robbed twice in the county. In consideration of the premises, the committee have concluded to send Colonel A. J. Barr to consult with you in regard to the condition of the county, and what plan of defense should be adopted under the circumstances.

JOSEPH E. BLACK,

A. K. REYBERN,

G. W. FOSTER,

JOHN KELSEY,

Member of Committee.

