
CAMERON, July 18, 1864.

General C. B. FISK:

Captain Crouse and some citizens of Caldwell pursued and took two of Coon Thornton's band prisoners. They say be robbed the mail and killed one man below Knoxville yesterday; sacked Knoxville and killed some citizens at 3 p.m. Camped last night ten miles southwest of Kingston. They say their destination is to tear up this railroad. Their force is from 350 to 400 men. My opinion is that they are as likely to be passing down the river in order to find a safe place for crossing as any way.

GEO. SMITH.

SAINT LOUIS, MO., July 18, 1864.

Major-General CURTIS,

Fort Leavenworth, Kans.:

Very much obliged to you for the assistance rendered, but may have to ask you for more help below the river in the neighborhood of Kansas City, where Todd is reported to be.

W. S. ROSECRANS,

Major-General.
HEADQUARTERS DEPARTMENT OF KANSAS, Lawrence, July 18, 1864.

Major General S. R. CURTIS,

Commanding Department of Kansas.:

GENERAL: I have the honor to inclose for your approval a rough sketch of the works now laid out at this point. The first, a circular work of musketry only, marked 1 in the drawing, commands the southern approaches to the town, and where the main or Fort Scott road sweeps around the foot of the hill is within 100 yards of the face of the work. The main upper work, marked in the drawing 2, is a three-gun work commanding the entire southern approach for a range of three miles east, southeast, south, and southwest with artillery. The extreme upper or reverse work is a two-gun work commanding the northern, northeast, and northwest approaches, covering the Lawrence bridge and Topeka road, and sweeping all of the upper grounds or approaches to the works or town. The whole three works connected by palisades upon both flanks loop-holed for musketry. Upon my arrival here I telegraphed you that the force stationed here was so small that it would be impossible to get details from it sufficient to construct these works without long delay, and suggested the propriety of employing contrabands to labor on the fortifications, but received no answer to the communication. I inclose to you the report of Captain Walker, Company E, Eleventh Kansas, stationed here,on his force and how employed. I also in my communication sent for 100 shovels and 25 pick-axes. No tools being here the requisition became necessary. Knowing your anxiety to have these works started without delay, and not getting an answer to my dispatch to you, I have sent a cavalryman with this communication to obtain your orders in full. In the meantime I have dispatched my topographical assistants to Olathe to make full surveys there for me, to be ready upon my arrival at that point. I shall await your orders at this point, and shall leave here when I have fully carried out your ideas. I would also respectfully request that you would order

