
Captain Insley, the chief quartermaster, to turn over to me the sum of $200 to defray the expense of my two topographical employes, which, I will satisfactorily account to him for upon my return to Fort Leavenworth, accompanied by the vouchers necessary,and charge all such expenditures to the two employes as expenses to be deduced from their regular pay.

Hoping, general, that my action my meet with your approval, I am general, your obedient servant,

GEO. T. ROBINSON,

Lieutenant and Chief Engineer, Department of Kansas.

[Inclosure.]

LAWRENCE, KANS., July 15, 1864.

Lieutenant GEORGE T. ROBINSON,

Chief Engineer, Department of Kansas:

SIR: Your favor of this morning is received, and in answer to how many men I can furnish to work on fortifications I would say that our duty is already heavy as camp, picket, patrol, and bridge guard, and would respectfully ask that the detail for fatigue duty be as light as possible.

I am, sir, your most obedient servant,

J. D. WALKER,

Captain, Commanding E. Company, Eleventh Kansas Vol. Cav.

QUINDARO, KANS., July 18, 1864.

General CURTIS:

I have just seen Colonel Park opposite Parkville. The report is rife that Parkville is to be fired by order after Wednesday evening. He thinks it wrong, as Union men own most of the property, and the wounded man and woman would be destroyed. They cannot be moved away. The Government has the rebels' bonds,and is it not best to save the property for confiscation? The colonel says if 100 veteran troops could be stationed there and other arms furnished, Wilson's Missouri men could also be rallied, as they say, and are fighting men. My law library and railroad records and papers not having been forwarded, I came after them to take them away this morning and found them scattered to the winds. The history is that when the Kate Kinney stopped there yesterday evening to water, some soldiers got ashore, went direct to the office, forced the door,broke open my boxes and emptied them of contents, scattering the appears on the floor and breaking the panels of my secretary's desk. They proceeded to take the valuable books, such as law, engineering works, Benton's Debates, American Encyclopedia, &amp;c., aboard the boat, when the mail carrier shouted they were Colonel Park's books. They then desisted and laid them down on the levee; brought some back from the boat, but the thinks not all. In the present confusion I cannot state what is missing, but hope if any is held as prize they may be restored. A member of your staff saw the condition of the office this morning. The loss of books is nothing but so much money, but the papers are an irreparable loss. A mistake has been made, or it has been designed by some mischievous person, design plainly marking the transaction.

Truly,

JAMES DURBIN.

