
PLEASANT HILL, July 2, 1864.

Captain J. H. STEGER,

Assistant Adjutant-General, Warrensburg:

I have sent two companies to Independence, Captain Moses in command. Do not deem it safe to send one company alone to the Rock Cut. Todd could, in my opinion, concentrate force enough there to whip them. Have ordered the troops from Raytown to their stations. Would recommend Captain Holly to relieve Major Smith, and ask that Major Smith be ordered here immediately, as I am yet confined to my bed. Am constantly scouting in the direction indicated by you. Ninety men left here the 30th on a scout through western La Fayette and eastern Jackson. Thirty returned this morning, leaving thirty mounted and thirty dismounted, who will scout in that vicinity eight or ten days. I have heard of no outrages being committed by my troops on railroad men. Would prefer that all complaints be made to me in order that I may know the guilty parties.

J. H. FORD,

Colonel, Commanding.
HEADQUARTERS DISTRICT OF CENTRAL MISSOURI,Warrensburg, July 2, 1864.

Colonel JAMES McFERRAN,

Commanding Third Sub-District:

COLONEL: The general commanding directs that a scout of not less than seventy-five men be directed to move on the 5th instant from Major Neill's camp, via Greenton, to the eastern line of Jackson county, with instructions to co-operate with two others, moving on the same day, one from Pleasant Hill toward eastern line of Jackson County, and one from Holden, via Buck Knob, to headwaters of the East Fork of Snibar Creek.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

J. H. STEGER.

WARRENSBURG, MO., July 2, 1864.

Colonel JOHN F. PHILIPS:

I have the honor to make the following report:

On the 29th of June I was ordered out with thirty men to scout the country on Post Oak. On the 29th scouted the West Prong of Post Oak. At night I scattered my men and guarded the crossing of the creek. On the morning of the 30th I started to the Easter Fork of Post Oak, but before reaching it I met Captain Ballew with his scout. We then scouted the timber to the head of said creek. I then marched six miles in the direction of Honey Creek and camped for the night. On the morning of 1st of July I marched for Warrensburg; arrived at 2 p. m. Miles traveled, fifty.

I am, colonel, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

R. M. BOX,

Captain Company H, Seventh Cavalry Missouri State Militia.

