SPECIAL ORDERS, HDQRS. DEPARTMENT OF THE GULF, No. 191. New Orleans, July 19, 1864.

I. The Sixth Missouri Cavalry will be at once reported to Brigadier-General Sherman, commanding Defenses of New Orleans, to relieve the Third Maryland Cavalry.

II. Upon being relieved by the Sixth Missouri Cavalry the Third Maryland Cavalry will be at once reported to the chief of cavalry, Department of the Gulf, for the purpose of being dismounted in accordance with paragraph 24, of Special Field Orders, No. 179, of July 7, 1864, from these headquarters.

*		*		*		*		*		*

By command of Major-General Banks:

A. DUER IRVING,Acting Assistant Adjutant-General.
HEADQUARTERS U. S. COLORED TROOPS, Port Hudson, July 19, 1864.

Major GEORGE B. DRAKE,

Assistant Adjutant-General, Department of the Gulf:

SIR: The consolidation of the Eighty-first, Eighty-eighth, and Eighty-ninth Regiments U. S. Colored Infantry, to form the Seventy-seventh Regiments U. S. Colored Infantry, as directed by General Orders, No. 88, current series, Department of the Gulf, will not make the new regiment of the maximum number, these regiments having when united but 903 enlisted men. I have the honor to request that 100 of the enlisted men of the Seventy-seventh Regiment U. S. Colored Infantry,now stationed at Fort Jackson, be transferred, to the Seventy-seventh Regiment U. S. Colored Infantry (new), about being organized at this post. This will make the new regiment mentioned nearly the same number as other regiments designated in General Orders, No. 88.

I have the honor to be, respectfully, your obedient servant,

JOHN McNEIL,

Brigadier-General of Volunteers, Commanding.

STEAMER CONTINENTAL, Mouth of White River, July 19, 1864.

Major-General CANBY,

Commanding Military Division of West Mississippi:

GENERAL: I arrived at the mouth of the river to-night. Captain Phelps, commanding naval boats, reports that communication with Devall's Bluff is open and undisturbed. Rumors of troops concentrating at Batesville and Jacksonport reach him. I have this same information through intercepted letters in possession of General Washburn. Object, to invade Missouri. Captain Phelps has rumors of a pontoon this may mean to occupy Saint Charles, on White River. He estimate the forces of Arkansas Post at from 5,000 to 6,000.

General Steele telegraphs that it is rumored General Dick Taylor is at Monticello. I have seen General Lee, who arrived here yesterday.

