
He receives the impression that General Steele's communications are not endangered. Having just arrived I do not know that I can give any facts other than those mentioned to support my opinion that Missouri is the theater of rebel action, and that General Steel's communication are no more threatened than they were a month ago. The presence of a rebel force on the right or left bank of the Arkansas would threaten but no endanger General Steel's communication. But one battery has arrived. I shall send word to General Bailey to hold himself in readiness to move when sent for. I will advise you of any further facts and of all movements.

I am, general, very truly, yours,

GEO. H. GORDON,

Brigadier-General.
HEADQUARTERS DISTRICT OF LITTLE ROCK, Little Rock, Ark., July 19, 1864.

Colonel W. D. GREEN,Assistant Adjutant-General:

COLONEL: I observe that they are throwing up the glacis at Fort Steele on the east side, the side nearest the town. I would respectfully recommend that the engineers be directed to make the glacis first on the side most exposed to an attack, which is the west. It should next be made on the south side, and afterward, should we have time and labor at our disposal, it can be finished all round.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

E. A. CARR,

Brigadier-General, Commanding.
HEADQUARTERS DEPARTMENT OF ARKANSAS, Little Rock, July 19, 1864.

Brigadier General E. A. CARR,Commanding District of Little Rock:

GENERAL: You will please order the battalion of the Eighteenth Illinois Infantry to move by train to Little Rock and go into camp on the north side of the river. On their arrival the commanding officer will report to Captain J. B. Wheeler, chief engineer, when an order will be issued for the battalion to do duty with the pontoon train soon to arrive.

By order of Major General F. Steele:

W. D. GREEN,

Lieutenant-Colonel and Assistant Adjutant-General.

HDQRS. FIRST DIVISION, SEVENTH ARMY CORPS, Little Rock, Ark., July 19, 1864.

Lieutenant Colonel W. D. GREEN,

Assistant Adjutant-General, Department of Arkansas:

SIR: I have the honor to make herewith application that Captain G. Stange, Second Missouri Light Artillery, and chief of artillery First Division, be ordered to Saint Louis to expedite the armament and equipage of the batteries serving in my division. Twenty-fifth Battery, Ohio Volunteer Veterans, requires full equipment, cannon, horses,

