
&amp;c.,; Captain Vaughn's battery (A), Third Illinois Light Artillery, requires new guns; also Battery E, Second Missouri Light Artillery; Lieutenant Veidt's horse battery should also be provided with six new mountain howitzers. I would further most respectfully state that Captain G. Stange has received a commission as major in his regiment, but is unable to obtain the proper papers from his regiment commander to cause this muster. Being ordered to Saint Louis would enable him to straighten this matter also.

I am, colonel, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

F. SALOMON,

Brigadier General, Commanding First Div., Seventh Army Corps.

BROWNSVILLE, July 19, 1864.

Captain C. H. DYER,

Assistant Adjutant-General:

The same gang that fired on the train are reported a few miles south of Smiths' farm. A small party of them were on the track this morning near where the train was fired into.

O. WOOD,

Colonel.
HEADQUARTERS DISTRICT OF LITTLE ROCK, Little Rock, Ark., July 19, 1864-11.50 a.m.

Colonel O. WOOD,Brownsville:

Send and find out if there is a gang of rebels a few mile south of Smith's farm, as you report.

By order of Brigadier General E. A. Carr:

C. H. DYER,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

CAMP SECOND BATT., NINTH IOWA CAVALRY, Near Austin, July 19, 1864-3 p.m.

(Via Brownsville.)

Captain C. H. DYER,

Assistant Adjutant-General, Little Rock, Ark.:

General Shelby's men have been crossing Little Red River in small detachments at night for five or six days past. They cross at West Point and the fords above Searcy. The largest squad of which I have definite information numbered about forty men, another thirty, and several smaller. Several squads went in the direction of Hickory Plains, and fearing that they were concentrating there I sent a scouting party in that direction yesterday. They could not cross the Cypress, but learned that Shelby's men were near Hickory Plains in large force. They could not ascertain the number. This morning a citizen sent me word that he was in their camp yesterday, and that they had 1,500 men and six pieces of artillery, and designed moving on the railroad. The country in the region of Searcy and West Point is full of small squads moving down for some purpose. Two companies are located west of Little Red, between Searcy and West Point.

