
their plan is to cut off communications. I have sent a scout out in the direction of Mount Elba with instructions to scout from that place down the Saline in the rear of Monticello. If any infantry are moving I think they will get wind of them.

POWELL CLAYTON,

Colonel, Commanding.

PINE BLUFF, ARK., July 19, 1864-8 p.m.

Captain C. H. DYER,

Assistant Adjutant-General, District of Little Rock:

A regiment of the enemy's cavalry were within about two miles of my advance pickets this morning on the Camden road. The enemy's pickets stand about half a mile from down the river. It is reported that the enemy is preparing a camp on the north side of the river, eight miles below, at Embry's. I sent Lieutenant Greathouse and fifty men on a reconnaissance this morning in the direction of the Saline River.

POWELL CLAYTON,

Colonel, Commanding.

FORT SCOTT, KANS., July 19, 1864.

Colonel WILLIAM A. PHILLIPS:

SIR: On my arrival at the Osage Mission I found 150 head of cattle in possession of the Osage Indians belonging to the Creek Nation, but as soon as the Osage Indians found that I was after them they scattered the cattle and it was impossible for me to follow them, but I could find all over this country cattle in the Cherokee and Creek brands. I could not find any commissioned officers at the Osage Mission to aid me in my search. Captain Johnson, of the Fifteenth Kansas, was in command of the soldiers that assisted the Osage Indians in driving the cattle out of the nation. I find that it is very difficult to obtain any information from the officials in Kansas,with the exception of Colonel Blair. He has given me all of the information in his power and all of the assistance that was possible. There has been a great quantity of cattle driven from the Indian country within the last month; I can safely say 6,000 or 7,000. I find in the herds in the vicinity of Fort Scott a good many of the Cherokee cattle,but as Captain Ta-la-lah and the Creek lieutenant have left me and returned to Gibson, I have no way of establishing the fact of their being cattle belonging to loyal or disloyal persons. The cattle are here in the different herds, but I can do nothing further than ascertain the fact as I cannot take any action without witnesses. I find that some herds have been driven still farther north. I shall follow one of them that has been driven in the direction of the Osage River. I think that on my return to Gibson that I will bring with me severed prisoners that I intend to arrest when I get ready to return, for I have got the dead wood on them,but I do not want to arrest them until I am ready to leave. I will be back as soon as possible.

Yours, Respectfully,

H. S. ANDERSON,

Captain, Commanding Third Indian Regiment.

