
PILOT KNOB, July 19, 1864.

General EWING:

Lieutenant Bradley has just returned from a scout down through Saint Francois and Madison Counties. He ran three men out of Saint Francois County whom he thinks belong to the Hildebrand gang. His command killed 2 guerrillas beside the one reported the other day; captured 1 horse and 3 guns.

J. F. TYLER,

Colonel, Commanding.

NEILL'S CAMP, La Fayette County, Mo., July 19, 1864.

Major HENRY NEILL,

First Cavalry Missouri State Militia, Commanding Camp:

MAJOR: I have the honor to report that in obedience to your order of the 17th instant I made a scout with detachment of the Seventh Cavalry Missouri State Militia, numbering sixty men, north and west of this camp. After leaving camp I proceeded north on the Lexington road to Brush Creek, there turned west, following up the creek and thoroughly scouting the brush to Mount Heber Church. Finding no traces of bushwhackers in that neighborhood, I turned in the direction of Tabo Creek and followed down the creek, for several miles, thoroughly scouting the brush. I ascertained that the notorious Dave Root with three or four men on the Tabo Creek Saturday last, but was unable to find him or learn where he had gone. I am satisfied that there has been no considerable numbers of bushwhackers in that neighborhood for some time. I returned to camp with my command last night. Distance traveled, thirty-five miles.

I am,major, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

R. L. FERGUSON,

Captain, Seventh Cav. Missouri State Militia, Commanding Detach.

KANSAS CITY, July 19, 1864.

Captain J. H. STEGER,

Assistant Adjutant-General:

Major Suess with one piece of artillery and 100 of the Seventh Missouri State Militia is now patrolling the river between here and Lexington with steamer Fanny Ogden. Is doubtless now in vicinity of Lexington.

E. D. BOYD,

Captain Second Colorado, Commanding.

LEXINGTON, July 19, 1864.

(Received 8.16 p.m.)

Captain JAMES H. STEGER, Warrensburg:

I have undoubted information that a force,estimated at 150 guerrillas, passed east by Mrs. Neil's last night. This is surely Todd's force on their way to Saline. Major Suess is down the river. I had dispatched him by a boat passing down, giving the information of the guerrilla force passing east before your dispatch was received with this information. Shall I send the scout west?

JAS. McFERRAN,

Colonel, Commanding.

