
in considerable force south of Independence. Captain Foster left Pleasant Hill this morning to attack him. A heavy scout is also ordered to the west from Lexington.

By order:

J. H. STEGER,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

SAINT JOSEPH, July 19, 1864.

Colonel J. H. FORD,

Kansas City, Mo.:

I wish you would immediately order Lieutenant-Colonel Draper and his command to move toward Saint Joseph, via the Goose Neck region. Thornton's command have divided; half are coming this way and the balance toward Chillicothe. I shall not be able to be at Liberty to-morrow. I am losing faith in any kind of conventions or mass-meetings; nothing but hard blows will preserve us, and blows shall given as fast as possible. Clay and Platte Counties have invited the troubles that are now upon them. I have entreated them to stay the storm and they would not. They have sown the wind; they must reap the whirlwind. In all kindness and earnestness I have plead with the leading citizens of those two counties to save their fair heritage from desolation, but they have preferred to welcome to their homes and confidence run and death. I shall be glad to hear of the action to-morrow. Colonel Greene, assistant adjutant-general, telegraphs me that your force will remain on this side a little time yet. I am getting out militia as rapidly as possible, but they come slow and have to be sorted as they come; but I will have force sufficient if it takes every loyal man in my district.

CLINTON B. FISK,

Brigadier-General.

KANSAS CITY, July 19, 1864.

Lieutenant MANVILLE:

I have just received the following from Captain Steger:

WARRENSBURG, July 19, 1864.

Colonel JAMES H. FORD:

Captain Foster, Seventh Missouri State Militia, with seventy-five men of his own command and all that can be spared from Pleasant Hill, is ordered to move from Pleasant Hill this morning,and if possible find and attack Todd,who is reported by you to have quite a force between Pleasant Hill and Independence.

By order of Brigadier-General Brown:

J. H. STEGER,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

You will render Captain Foster all the assistance in your power. At the same time keep a sharp lookout for your own station.

J. S. CLEVELAND.

INDEPENDENCE, July 19, 1864.

Captain J. H. STEGER,

Warrensburg:

I received a copy of your telegram stating that Captain Foster left Pleasant Hill for this station this morning and was in hopes of finding Todd on the way. He has not arrived here as yet. I also received instructions from Kansas City to assist him, which I am unable to do,

