
WARRENSBURG, July 2, 1864.

Captain M. U. FOSTER,

Holden:

You will send a scout of not less than forty men, via Buck Knob, down the headwaters of the East Fork of Snibar Creek on the 5th instant to co-operate with one from Major Neill's camp at Mount Prairie Church, and another from Pleasant Hill.

By order of Brigadier-General Brown:

J. H. STEGER,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

SAINT JOSEPH, MO., July 2, 1864.

Colonel O. D. GREENE,

Assistant Adjutant-General:

Governor Hall has issued his special orders approving all my military orders excepting such as called into service companies in Pike and Ralls Counties. Copy of his order will be forwarded to department headquarters.

CLINTON B. FISK,

Brigadier-General.
HEADQUARTERS DEPARTMENT OF KANSAS,Fort Leavenworth, July 2, 1864.

His Excellency Governor T. CARNEY:

GOVERNOR: I am authorized by the honorable the Secretary of War to call on you for a regiment of 100-days' men, to be raised on the same terms as those furnished by the Governors of Ohio, Indiana, and Illinois, to wit: The terms of service are to be 100 day's service from the date of muster into the service of the United States unless sooner discharged; the regiment to be mustered into the service of the United States when it has the minimum regimental strength, and to be organized according to the regulations of the War Department; whole number to be furnished within twenty days from date; troops to be clothed, armed, equipped, subsisted, and paid as other U. S. infantry volunteers, and to serve in fortifications or wherever their services, within or without the State of Kansas, are required. No bounty to be paid the troops nor their service charged or credited on any draft. The draft for three years' service to go in any district where the quota is not filled up, but if any officer or soldier in this special service should be drafted he shall be credited for the services rendered. You are authorized to raise a negro battery to be officered in the manner proposed in your telegram, and organized according to the regulations of the service. In pursuance of this authority I make the request you furnish such a regiment, and also that you inform me at your earliest convenience as to your purpose and prospect of complying with it. In the event of your favorable response it will be my desire to give you all possible assistance in the way of supplies at the earliest possible period, and in every other way try to ameliorate the organization.

I have the honor to be, Your Excellency's obedient servant,

S. R. CURTIS,

Major-General.

