
to our Illinois troops by acting as guides and scouts for them, as they all know the county and people. Besides the fifty men for active duty the citizens of Glasgow will have an organization of at least 100 for the defense of the city only. We can hear of no other organization in our county, Howard. The troops that came up last night have gone into camp below town, where you suggested when here. We are glad to see from General Rosecrans' letters to the people of Northwest Missouri this morning that he has at last cast the scales from his eyes and can see things as they are. You have doubtless seen Colonel J. H. Ford's communications to General Rosecrans. They look like work, and we sincerely hope that your forces now in the field will effectually crush out the Platte County bushwhackers before they give up the chase. We inclose you a letter* from John P. Sebree,who is a relative of Judge W. A. Hall. It will show you how things look in Fayette. We have to-day written to General Rosecrans, giving him a pretty full account of the state of affairs in our county. We would be glad if on receipt of this you would write us fully giving us your views. All wish to be remembered kindly to yourself and Lieutenant Clarke, and hope the day is not far distant when we will see you both in person, with headquarters at Glasgow.

With our best wishes, we remain, yours, truly,

B. W. LEWIS &amp; BRO.

Per DAVIS.

BRECKINRIDGE, MO., July 19, 1864.

(Received 1 a.m. 20th.)

General FISK:

Thornton with a force variously estimated from 150 or 300 men was at Black Oak Grove, fifteen miles south of here, this morning at 8 o'clock. They took about twenty-five prisoners of Captain Fortune's company Enrolled Missouri Militia and paroled them and left, going southeast. Cannot you send us some help?

G. W. NOBLETT,

Captain, Enrolled Missouri Militia.

BROOKFIELD, July 19, 1864.

General FISK:

I have just returned from Saint Louis, and find part of my force are out. I cant mount some thirty-five or forty men, and send to Utica, if you wish. We have two bands of bushwhackers circulating around us, numbering some sixty in all.

E. J. CRANDALL,

Captain.

GLASGOW, MO., July 19, 1864.

(Received 1 a.m. 20th.)

General FISK:

SIR: I arrived with my command last night. A dispatch from Colonel McFerran, Lexington, announced 300 to 600 rebels on their way

---------------

*Not found.

---------------

18 R R-VOL XLI, PT II

