
southeastward from Ray County. Twenty-two bushwhackers passed within seven miles east yesterday; twenty-five were seen moving southeastward approaching bridge over Little Chariton River, a few miles northeast of Glasgow; fifty were seen between here and Fayette, seven miles distant,and military telegraph cut between here and Boonsborough, three miles side and also a mile beyond, and three miles of wire lost. I am here with no written instructions, with no specified word of authority, with verbal suggestions from Colonel Hynes only. Have you any commands? Found no enemy at Rocheport; we were not fired upon.

L. C. MATLACK,

Major, Commanding.

Major ANGUS BARTLETT,

Commanding Batt. Third Mo. S. M. Cav., Jefferson City:

March with your battalion to Columbia, thence via Sturgeon and Renick to Huntsville, and take post at that point. These orders conditional upon future orders you may receive,which may be changed to meet circumstances. The section of country through which you march is infested with guerrillas. Use all your efforts to destroy them, halting and remaining at such points as may be best for the purpose. Your early arrival at Huntsville is not a desideratum, as when you arrive there it is only for the purpose of being in a favorable position to continue your labor of destruction to bushwhackers. At Columbia you will consuls and advise with General Douglass of the Enrolled Missouri Militia. From that point or from Sturgeon you will telegraph General Fisk for further orders. You are to understand that your men must not be permitted to destroy persons or property except in case of armed undoubted bushwhackers. Your men must be held in perfect discipline. Your orders to not give you a roving commission to kill and burn,but are to be constructed as requiring you to give entire protection to the persons and property of all but the common foe of mankind - the guerrilla.

O. D. GREENE,

Assistant Adjutant-General.
HEADQUARTERS DEPARTMENT OF KANSAS, Fort Leavenworth, July 19, 1864.

Hon. BEN. LOAN,

Saint Joseph, Mo.:

DEAR GENERAL: Your favor of the 17th is duly received. The raising of the rebel flag and rally of Thornton is the legitimate fruit of the deep-laid conspiracy of rebels in Platte and Clay, covered by the Paw Paw organizations. I did not believe till I came to this command that an organization confessedly including disloyal and sympathizing persons had actually been mustered, clothed, armed,and fed at Government expense. Of course this organization was to keep things quiet,while Thornton, Todd, Taylor, and others went on recruiting for the rebel cause,and when they thought they were strong enough and rebel force came near enough,the rebel flag was raised and the rebel portion of the Paw Paws rallied around their preferred standard. From what I can learn most of the Paw Paws joined the bushwhackers. A few run to our side,and the remainder, perhaps one-tenth,

