
remain on some sort of parole. The citizens of Platte and Clay generally acquiesced in the whole movement, quietly and exultingly resting under the flaunting rebel flag, which they evidently preferred to the one their sons, husbands, and neighbors had been organized and fed under. Where a town or people once yields to measures of war, and come under a military agreement to keep the peace under the prevailing power, the raising of the belligerent flag is the highest offense known to military law, involving the town and country in the penalties due to a breach of parole. In such cases Napoleon ordered the sacking and burning of cities, and when a regiment broke their parole they were disarmed and shot. It is time that communicates in this country understood that such breaches of public confidence are to be followed by such terrible consequences as to deter the people from their repetition. We must end the war as we go, either by parole or devastation; and where paroles are rendered useless the alternative is the terrible military necessity. I am glad to see General Rosecrans is offering the people of Missouri their choice, and insuring one or the other of these alternatives. The people of Platte and Clay have elected in favor of the devastation which now threatens their beautiful country. If you can save them you will deserve their eternal gratitude.

Your friend,

S. R. CURTIS,

Major-General.
HEADQUARTERS DEPARTMENT OF KANSAS, Fort Leavenworth, July 19, 1864.

Captain GEORGE T. ROBINSON,Chief Engineer, Lawrence, Kans.:

CAPTAIN: I was absent when your dispatch came, and since my arrival I have not found means to carry out my purpose at Lawrence. Contrabands cannot be had, and the pressure on the border delays my sending off troops. You should send proper requisitions for tools and money,or come and attend to the matter while your assistants lay out work. Captain Insley is absent, but it may be his clerk send you money to be accounted for as you have suggested. I will send a request that this be done. I notice your plans. They seem rather extensive, but otherwise excellent. I think you will find plenty of tools at Olathe and Paola, where I hope you will start works very soon. After those two places are accommodated, I promised the people of Wyandotte that you should select a location for a proper redoubt there. They want to build it themselves. There are several prominent pints there which seemed to me favorable, but I preferred that you should examine and decide, as the people take that question up as a local question of local interest. Your assistant understands the ground. I suppose you had better set a few hands to work, and we will try to increase the force as soon as we can.

I remain, yours, very truly,

S. R. CURTIS,

Major-General.

FORT LEAVENWORTH, July 19, 1864.

Brigadier General T. J. McKEAN:

Colonel Ford with our troops is operating in Platte County. He fears Todd will do mischief on the south side. General Rosecrans telegraphs

