
GENERAL ORDERS, HDQRS. DEPARTMENT OF KANSAS, Numbers 34. Fort Leavenworth, Kans., July 2, 1864.

I. Major R. H. Hunt, Fifteenth Kansas Volunteer Cavalry, is announced as chief of artillery department, and the recruiting, organizing, and drilling a battery of persons of African descent will be under his supervision.

II. The One hundred and thirty-eighth Regiment Illinois Volunteers (100-day's men), having arrived and reported, will report to Brigadier-General Davies for duty in the District of North Kansas, to join their command, now in the District of South Kansas.

By command of Major-General Curtis:

C. S. CHARLOT,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

FORT LEAVENWORTH, July 2, 1864.

General McKEAN:

When in Lawrence I directed the troops to occupy and fortify a certain commanding point. Subsequently I found the men were only occasionally or partially obeying the order and boarding about town. I ordered them to their posts. Now I am told they have abandoned the commanding point and are so separated in detachments that they could not act efficiently. Have you given any order concerning their special location? Major Ross was in command when my first instructions were given and not properly carried out. If you have not ordered I shall send an aide to look after matters of detail there. I am determined to erect a redoubt or block-house at the commanding point named, as soon as an engineer whom I have in prospect can be assigned to the duty of laying out the work.

S. R. CURTIS,

Major-General.

PAOLA, KANS., July 2, 1864.

Major-General CURTIS,

Commanding Department:

There were two companies at Lawrence, the old company encamped on the height commanding the town, and building the block-house; the other company encamped on the plain. The company on the hill was sent to Johnson County during the late expedition, but has returned. The new company (M) is not mounted, and I have ordered it here so that I can use the mounted company here for scouting occasionally. I have given no special instructions about the work at Lawrence, but understand the block-house is in progress of construction.

THO. J. McKEAN,

Brigadier-General, Commanding District.

FORT LEAVENWORTH, July 2, 1864.

General McKEAN:

I do not understand your dispatch. It is said the troops at Lawrence do not occupy the high point, but leave artillery unprotected. I do not care as to who they so much as to know how they are. I ordered

