
employed by Company I in the manner indicated should you deem it safe to do so. Captain Fisk was informed by General Sibley that the matter of escort beyond Fort Wadsworth for a part of the distance to the Missouri River would be left discretionary with you.

By command of Brigadier-General Sibley:

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

R. C. OLIN,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

[JULY 20, 1864.- Fort Canby to Sherman,relative to operations against Mobile and co-operation with Rousseau's raid, see Vol. XXXIX, Part II, p.183.]
HDQRS. DEPT. OF THE GULF, OFFICE, CHIEF OF ARTY., New Orleans, July 20, 1864.

Major C. T. CHRISTENSEN,Asst. Adjt. General, Hdqrs. Mil. Div. of W. Miss., New Orleans, La.:

SIR: Agreeably to verbal instructions from the commanding general of the division I have the honor to designate the following-named batteries of siege and light artillery: First, Company A, Second Illinois Artillery, four 30-pounder Parrotts; Company L, First Indiana Artillery, four 30-pounder Parrotts; both of these batteries are stationed in this city. Second, Seventeenth Ohio Battery, six Napoleon guns, stationed in this city; Second Connecticut Battery, six 3-inch rifles, stationed at Algiers.

I am, sir, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

RICHARD ARNOLD,

Brigadier-General, Chief of Artillery, Dept. of the Gulf.
HDQRS. DEPT. OF THE GULF, OFFICE CHIEF OF ARTY., New Orleans, July 20, 1864.

ASSISTANT ADJUTANT-GENERAL, DEPT. OF THE GULF:

SIR: It being indispensable to the organization, drill,and efficiency of the companies of the First Indiana Siege Artillery now stationed in this city, I would respectfully recommend that the five 30-pounder Parrott guns at Fort Jackson an the five 30-pounder Parrotts at Fort Saint Philip,with carriages, implements, and equipments complete, be brought to this city and turned over to this command, these guns to be replaced in necessary, by others which have been ordered from the North. I would also recommend that one company of the said regiment, in command of its captain, be sent to these forts to take charge of and bring the guns to this city. I cannot recommend that these companies be sent to the forts, as there are neither good or sufficient quarters for the men, nor stable room for the large number of public animals, nor grounds for drill.

I am, sir, very respectfully, your obedient servant,RICHARD ARNOLD,

Brigadier-General, Chief of Artillery, Dept. of the Gulf.

