SPECIAL ORDERS, HDQRS. DEPARTMENT OF THE GULF, No. 192. New Orleans, July 20, 1864.

*		*		*		*		*		*

9. That portion of the Eight U. S. Colored Artillery, heavy, now stationed at Camp Parapet, will proceed immediately on the arrival of transportation to Port Hudson and be reported for duty to Brigadier General J. McNeil, commanding that post. The quartermaster's department will furnish immediate transportation.

10. Brigadier General T. W. Sherman, commanding Defenses of New Orleans, will relieve those companies of the Eighth U. S. Colored Artillery, heavy, which are now serving at Forts Jackson and Saint Philip, and will send them at the earliest possible moment to rejoin their regiment at Port Hudson. The quartermaster's department will furnish the necessary transportation.

11. The Sixty-second U. S. Colored Infantry, now at Morganza, will be sent without delay to Port Hudson and reported for duty to Brigadier General J. McNeil, commanding that post. The quartermaster's department will furnish the necessary transportation.

*		*		*		*		*		*

13. The further action of paragraph 20 of Field Orders, No. 30,of April 29, 1864,form these headquarters, is hereby suspended. Hereafter the District of West Florida and the District of Key West and Tortugas will be reported direct to these headquarters.

*		*		*		*		*		*

17. The Sixteenth Indiana Mounted Infantry will be at once reported to Brigadier General T. W. Sherman, commanding Defense of New Orleans, to relieve the Eleventh New York Cavalry.

18. Upon being relieved by the Sixteenth Indiana Mounted Infantry the Eleventh New York Cavalry will be concentrated at the earliest possible moment at Greenville and reported to the chief of cavalry, Department of the Gulf, preparatory to embarkation. The quartermaster's department will furnish the necessary transportation. The chief of cavalry will report when the regiment is prepared and will see to its being properly equipped and armed.

19. The following-named batteries of siege and light artillery will be immediately prepared and held in readiness to embark upon the shortest notice: Company A, Second Illinois Artillery, four 30-pounder Parrotts; Company L, First Indiana Artillery,four 30-pounder Parrotts; the Seventeenth Ohio Battery, six Napoleon guns. Brigadier General Richard Arnold, chief of artillery, is charged with the execution of this order,and will report to these headquarters when these batteries are ready.

By command of Major-General Banks:

A. DUER IRVING,Acting Assistant Adjutant-General.

GENERAL ORDERS, HDQRS. DEFENSES OF NEW ORLEANS, No. 21. New Orleans, July 20, 1864.

In order to carry out the spirit and meaning of General Orders, No. 64, War Department, Adjutant-General's Office, February 18, 1864, all refugees from within the rebel lines or deserters from the rebel armies who present themselves at any point within the Defense of New Orleans

