
will be forwarded under guard and delivered to the provost-marshal Defenses of New Orleans, who will immediately examine them with a view of determining their character and their motive in giving themselves up. The President's proclamation of December 8, 1863, will here be read to them,and, if they so desire, the oath therein prescribed may be administered to them; but every precaution will be taken to prevent spies and informs from thus getting within our lines. Should a reasonable doubt exists as to the loyalty of any persons thus examined, even though they manifest a willingness to take the prescribed oath, they will be promptly returned across the rebel lines, or, in case of suspicion, held for further examination and trial; and no refugee or deserter from the rebel lines will be restored to liberty within our lines unless the prescribed oath is taken in good faith, or the alien oath in case of acknowledge aliens. A complete registry of all paries, their names, residence, &amp;c., will be kept by said provost-marshal, as well as an accurate record of their disposition. Lieutenant W. H. Coulston, Third Maryland Cavalry, will report to Major Nelson, provost-marshal Defenses of New Orleans, for assistance in the above duties. Every person entering the lines without a pass from the proper military authority will be arrested by all guards at the outposts and taken before the provost-marshal as aforesaid, an all masters of vessels, boats, &c., will be held strictly responsible that all persons brought by them within the lines are thus disposed of. Any master of transport bringing refugees or deserters, and failing to report them to the provost-marshal or to the nearest military guard, will be tried and punished for the offense.

By order of Brigadier General T. W. Sherman:

OLIVER MATTHEWS,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

GENERAL ORDERS, HDQRS. DEPT. OF ARKANSAS, ETC.,

no.54. Little Rock, Ark., July 20, 1864.

I. We are again called upon to mourn for one of our most gallant and distinguished officers, the high-toned, the chivalrous Brigadier General S. A.	Rice. He died at his home in Iowa on the 6th of July instant, after protracted suffering from a wound received in the battle of Jenkins' Ferry, where his noble bearing called forth a universal sentiment of admiration from those who co-operate with him on that bloody field. He commanded a brigade at the battle of Helena on the 4th day of July, 1863, where he first exhibited his qualities as an officer, and served with the Army of Arkansas from its inception until after he received the fatal wound. He was wounded at the battle of Little Missouri and distinguished himself in every engagement during the campaign. When he entered the army he devoted his time and energies to he military profession,always acting honestly and independently for the good of our common cause. Seldom has any man in so short a period acquired so good a knowledge of the profession of arms as did General Rice. He not only understood principles, but he knew how and when to apply them. The termination of his brief but brilliant military career and earthly sojourn at the same time,will cast a gloom over the whole army,and leave that sorrow in the hearts of his friends which knows no end.

II. On the next day after the receipt of this order at each military post within this department the flag will be displayed at half-mast from sunrise until sunset, and at this post half-four guns will be fired from

