
the principal for during the same time. The colors of the several regiments of Rice's brigade will be draped in mourning for a period of thirty days.

By order of Major General F. Steele:

W. D. GREEN,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

GENERAL ORDERS, HDQRS. DEPT. OF ARKANSAS, ETC., No. 55. Little Rock., Ark., July 20, 1864.

Lieutenant A. Mackenzie, Corps of Engineers, U. S. Army, having reported at these headquarters in compliance with Special Orders, No. 215, paragraph 8, current series, from the War Department,is announced on the staff of the major-general commanding, and will report for duty to Captain J. B. Wheeler, chief engineer.

By order of Major General F. Steele:

W. D. GREEN,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

U. S. TRANSPORT M. S. MEPHAM, Off White River, July 20, 1864.

Major General FREDERICK STEELE,

Little Rock, Ark.:

GENERAL: I inclose you copies of instructions* received on or about the day of their dates from Major-General Canby. I arrived here last night and find at this point one brigade of white troops and one battery, under command of Brigadier-General Lee, the total efface being about 2,200 men. I learn from Captain Phelps, commanding the naval forces here,that scouts have informed that Arkansas post is occupied by the enemy's forces. Believing it to be their intention to cross White River and move into Missouri i none junction with Shelby's forces, now concentrating at Batesville and Jacksonport, I have thought I could render you the best service by occupying Saint Charles and holding the same until I hear further from you,or until further developments make it necessary to move. General Lee will move this afternoon for that point. His boats will return for General Bailey's brigade and the other battery. I shall move them to the same point, although it will probably be five days before they reach there.

Please advise me now this arrangements agrees with your views.

I am, general, with great respect, your obedient servant,

GEO. H. GORDON,

Brigadier-General, U. S. Volunteers.

U. S. GUN-BOAT HASTINGS, Off Mouth White River, July 20, 1864.

Major General F. STEELE, U. S. Army,

Commanding Department of Arkansas:

GENERAL: I inclose a communication+ which way was overlooked when the last convoy went up. In various ways I learn that

---------------

*See Christensen to Gordon, July 2 and 11, pp.20,121.

+Not found as an inclosure.

---------------

