
the enemy is in occupation of Arkansas Post, and is making preparations which appear to point to the making of that post a secure place of retreat across the Arkansas River. I do not doubt that numerous parties of rebels are crossing White River. It would seem to me equally probable that the enemy may design interrupting your communications or going to Missouri. In either event he will occupy a point on White River, and Saint Charles would or should be that point. General Gordon will notify you of the measures he intends to adopt. I am sorry to find that want of water in the river is likely to force out all the vessels we have of any service, except in a guerrilla warfare. The iron-clad now at the Bluff is the lightest draught boat we have of the heavy order,and she must come out of want of water. The occupation of Saint Charles will facilitate your communications. We will patrol the river between there and Clarendon with tin-clads, and let the transports pass back and forth without convoy. Saint Charles is a strong point, and one which it would be dangerous to permit the enemy to occupy. If we only had a few good light-draught gun-boats they, together with the occupation of that point as proposed, would render the navigation of White River secure.

Your letter of the 5th instant only reached me to-day.

I am, respectfully, your obedient servant,

S. L. PHELPS.

GENERAL ORDERS, HDQRS.1ST DIV., 7TH ARMY CORPS, No. 17. Little Rock, Ark., July 20, 1864.

It is with unfeigned sorrow that the brigadier-general commanding has received notice of the death of Brigadier General Samuel A. Rice, late commanding the First Brigade of this division,from the effects of a wound received at the battle of Jenkins' Ferry, April 30, 1864. By his urbanity as a gentleman and his skill and judgment as an officer General Rice had endeared himself to all with whom he was associated, and especially to his division commander. In testimony of his appreciation of the great loss sustained by the division in the death of General Rice, the brigadier-general commanding and his staff will wear the usual badge of mourning for a period of thirty days.

By order of Brigadier General F. Salomon:

A. BLOCKI,

Assistant Adjutant-General.
SPECIAL ORDERS, HDQRS. DISTRICT OF LITTLE ROCK, No. 48. Little Rock, Ark., July 20, 1864.

*		*		*		*		*		*

II. The Ninth Iowa, Eleventh Missouri, Third Michigan, and First Nebraska Cavalry Regiments are hereby temporarily attached to the Third Brigade of the Second Division, Seventh Army Corps. The regimental commanders will report to the commander of that brigade, and all reports and returns will be made to brigade headquarters and not direct to these headquarters.

By command of Brigadier General E. A. Carr:

C. H. DYER,Assistant Adjutant-General.

