
DEVALL'S BLUFF, July 20, 1864-10.30 a.m.

Captain C. H. DYER,

Little Rock:

I hear that Shelby was at Jacksonport on Saturday; that he is having a bridge built over Black River, and intends to ford White; that he is collecting corn at a point in White County. I recommend that scouts be ordered to destroy all forage they can.

C. C. ANDREWS,

Brigadier-General, Commanding.
HEADQUARTERS DISTRICT OF LITTLE ROCK, Little Rock, Ark., July 20, 1864.

Brigadier General C. C. ANDREWS,Devall's Bluff:

Move the Eighth Missouri and the Eleventh Missouri Cavalry, Ninth Iowa Cavalry, onto the prairie to encamp together, either at Bayou Two Prairie or nearer Devall's Bluff, as you deem best; these regiments, and also the First Nebraska, to remain under you command. Besides covering the railroad they will protect the hay-cutters and their machines, furnishing them with an additional guard if necessary, and causing them to be brought into a safe place at night. Three hundred men of the Ninth Kansas were ordered out yesterday to scout in the direction of Searcy. Another detachment of the same regiment is ordered out to scout south of the railroad, in the neighborhood of Clear and Bear Skin Lakes, to go at least half way to Pine Bluff.

By order of Brigadier General E. A. Carr:

C. H. DYER,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

DEVALL'S BLUFF, ARK., July 20, 1864-4 p.m.

Captain C. H. DYER:

If I send the cavalry to Bayou Two Prairie, it will be eighteen miles from here. If I camp in on the prairies near Devall's Bluff, I apprehend a lack of water. It is now near the prairie. The troops have been at great trouble to dig wells, and unless there is an emergency, I hope permanent camps will not so frequently be changed. Will no mounted men be left for scouting and picket?

C. C. ANDREWS,

Brigadier-General.

LITTLE ROCK, ARK., July 20, 1864.

Brigadier General C. C. ANDREWS,

Commanding Devall's Bluff, Ark.:

Your own representation as to the health and preference shown by Colonel Geiger for the camp on Bayou Two Prairie, together with the exposure of Brownsville, were the reasons for the order sent this morning. You would have remaining for pickets the Third Michigan and Third Wisconsin. I think it better to move the camp frequently and keep everything in readiness. However, I am in no hurry. Consult with Colonel Geiger and give the matter further consideration. It strikes me that cavalry stationed on the prairie and leaving enough at

