
Devall's Bluff for pickets would cover that place and the railroad to better advantage and be more in readiness to move to any point which might be required. It could be also exercised in brigade movements,and as soon as the Third Michigan again is armed and mounted I propose to attach a battery to the cavalry brigade. Additional guard will have to be sent to hay-makers at all events.

E. A. CARR,

Brigadier-General, Commanding.
HEADQUARTERS DISTRICT OF LITTLE ROCK, Little Rock, Ark., July 20, 1864.

Brigadier General C. C. ANDREWS,Commanding 2nd Div., 7th Army Corps, and Post of Devall's Bluff:

GENERAL: In case the enemy should interfere between Devall's Bluff and Little Rock and cut off communication you will be obliged to exercise your own judgment and discretion and take such measures as may be most conducive to the public service. In such an emergency you will at once assume command of all troops in your reach and dispose them, not only in such a way as to protect Devall's Bluff but attack and drive away the enemy and reopen the communication. Should an enemy attack Brownsville or any point on the railroad you will immediately march all your available force, or as much as may be necessary, against him an attack vigorously, depending on co-operation from this side. In such a case you will send out cavalry scouts to the north, northwest, south, and southeast to prevent or give notice of the enemy's getting in your rear.

By command of Brigadier General E. A. Carr:

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

C. H. DYER,

Assistant Adjutant-General.
HDQRS.2nd DIV.,7TH ARMY CORPS, AND U. S. FORCES, Devall's Bluff, Ark., July 20, 1864.

Colonel GEIGER,Commanding Third Brigade, Second Division:

COLONEL: You will send a scout of from 50 to 100 men, under command of Captain Goodykoontz, Eight Missouri Cavalry, to Crockett's Bluff and vicinity, to start punctually at daylight to-morrow morning. Three days' rations will be sufficient. It is desirable that as much information as possible be gained of the enemy, conscripting be suppressed as far as scouting can do it, and that as many able-bodied colored men be procured as possible.

Very respectfully, &amp;c.,

C. C. ANDREWS,

Brigadier-General, Commanding.

HDQRS.2nd DIV., 7TH ARMY CORPS, AND U. S. FORCES, Devall's Bluff, Ark., July 20, 1864.

COMMANDING OFFICER ELEVENTH MISSOURI CAVALRY:

You will send a scout of 100 men under command of Captain Williams in the direction of West Point, to ascertain as much as possible

