
the other portion of the regiment in Arkansas leaves me yet with two battalions (one of the Sixth Missouri and one of the Second Wisconsin Cavalry) detached from their regiments. The condition of affairs in North Missouri requires a good regiment to be stationed there. This regiment should be from some other State, one which has no State quarrel to avenge and no State policy to carry out. Can you send me the First Iowa Cavalry, and relieve the battalions of the Sixth Missouri Cavalry and Second Wisconsin Cavalry now in my command? This will concentrate the three regiments and be a benefit to them, as well as give me more efficient troops for the peculiar service required of them. The First Iowa Cavalry is in Major-General Steel's department, except the veterans, who are here.

Very respectfully, I am, major, your obedient servant,

W. S. ROSECRANS,

Major-General, Commanding.
HEADQUARTERS DISTRICT OF SAINT LOUIS, Saint Louis, July 20, 1864.

Colonel TYLER,Commanding Pilot Knob:

Lieutenant Stickney goes down to-morrow to lay out and superintend the constructions of a redoubt on the hill. You will detail to him such officers and non-commissioned officers as he may require, and also as large working parties as can possibly be furnished,in order to construct the work rapidly. It will be necessary to reduce guards about the post, as well as along the line of the railroad. I do not feel justified to employ refugees on wages, but you will put on the work all refuges and contrabands who can be made useful, and who draw for themselves or their families rations from Government. The work must be put through as rapidly as possible, and to do it the outposts at Centreville and Patterson will be reduced so as to leave just enough men for observation. Keep my fully advised from time to time as the work progresses.

THOMAS EWING, Jr.,

Brigadier-General.

ROLLA, July 20, 1864.

Colonel O. D. GREENE,

Assistant Adjutant-General:

A scout arrived from south yesterday reports Shelby at Mammoth Spring, on the Arkansas line, Oregon County. Has 2,300 men posted at different points within forty or fifty miles of Mammoth Spring. Coffee is with him. Some of Shelby's men told scout he was going to move on Pilot Knob.

A. SIGEL,

Colonel.

SAINT JOSEPH, July 20, 1864.

Brigadier General E. B. BROWN,

Warrensburg:

Thornton and his Confederate fiends are this morning twenty miles north of Carrollton. He says he is going to Howard County, but it is quite probable that he intends to cross the Missouri River at some

