
transported,are very heavy), I have been furnished since the first of June with over 100 detailed reports of scouts, in twenty-eight of which we had affairs with the guerrillas, twenty-five resulting in their defeat and three in ours. The number of guerrillas reported to have been killed, and who afterward died from their wounds, is nearly 100. Our losses have been 42 killed and 10 seriously wounded. In making these scouts the troops have marched an aggregate distance of over 10,000 miles, part of it on foot through the brush and where there were no roads. The results from this active scouting are exhibited in the number of affairs with the guerrillas and the improved states of the district this year, as compared to any of the war at the same season. The number of guerrilla outrages are less than one-half that they are in former years, and these are mostly confined to a small tract of country bordering on the Missouri River above Glasgow, and that which lies near the line of Jackson and La Fayette Counties. the other parts of the district are in a state of comparative quiet, being held by over 6,000 armed citizen guards (organized in a similar manner to that required under General Orders, No. 107),with the little assistance I have been able to render them at the most important or exposed points.

The only part of the district where the guerrillas have been able to retain their hold has been when, from any cause, the citizens have failed to organize for self-defense. The condition of the district will be best illustrated by a practicable comparison of its present with its former condition. Since April the Pacific Railroad Company have uninterruptedly constructed twenty-four miles, and are carrying forward rapidly the grading, masonry, and track laving on seventy-five miles additional of their road, through the heart oft he infested part of the district. Neither the operatives or material have been interfered with. This could not have been done at any other times sine April, 1861. There is 50 per cent. more land planted and tilled this year than there was last. There is not one citizen robbed or one horse or mule stolen now, where there was a hundred a year ago. Property and person are comparatively safe, except in the parts of the district infested by guerrillas, to which I have alluded. Business is reviving, confidence is being restored, the civil courts are again trying to perform their functions, and much of the former bitterness of feeling that resulted in the people despoiling and assassinating each other has been removed. There is a growing sentiment in favor of law and order, and in opposition to violence in the minds of all good citizens.

The six months of peace that had been enjoyed since October was disturbed by the return from the south of several guerrilla bands about the 1st of May,and for some time universal fear, doubt, and distrust followed, but the numerous success of our troops and the energetic action of the citizen guard has in a great measure restored confidence to the people in their ability to defend themselves against any force now in the country, or any that would probably come into it,unless it was regularly organized for effective service. The officers and soldiers under my command deserve the favorable consideration of the commanding general for the sincere earnestness with which they have endeavored to carry out his commands and policy, as well as for their endurance in the field and their bravery in the numerous contests with the guerrilla bands. Too much credit cannot be awarded them for their cheerful obedience,their devotion to the Government, their respect for the laws, and their regard for the rights of the person and property of the people of the country. Engaged in a warfare the most exasperating,

