
and but little credit to be gained, frequently rudely treated by the people they are fighting to protect, their very name a term of reproach, unthanked for their patriotic efforts for their country, often ungenerously censured,their failures magnified, their successes disparaged or forgotten (though in the aggregate they have attained to the importance of battles), they have never failed in their duty or forgot their high position as American citizens and soldiers of the Army of the Union.

I am, very truly, your obedient servant,

E. B. BROWN,

Brigadier-General of Volunteers, Commanding.

KANSAS CITY, July 20, 1864.

Major General W. S. ROSECRANS:

General Fisk has ordered Lieutenant-Colonel Draper, Ninth Missouri State Militia, to Saint Joseph. They start to-morrow unless ordered to remain. My regiment has horses enough to mount them if they were together. I have 300 north of the river. Balance scattered through my sub-district. Shall I concentrate my regiment, or do you mean the command that I have on the north side of the river?

J. H. FORD,

Colonel, Commanding.

SAINT LOUIS, MO., July 20, 1864.

Colonel J. H. FORD,

Kansas City:

Get your command in order as soon as possible and send every other thing ready. Did you get horses as ordered for your dismounted men? If not, do so as ordered. Communicate with General Fisk and General Brown; also with General Curtis.

W. S. ROSECRANS,

Major-General.

KANSAS CITY, July 20, 1864.

(Received 11 p.m.)

Brigadier-General BROWN,

Warrensburg:

I sent all the Missouri State Militia with Major Dale to Lexington this evening. General Curtis has ordered the Kansas troops. General Fisk has ordered all his troops, Ninth Missouri State Militia, back to Saint Joe. I have about 300 of my own men at Liberty. They should be here. We need them at home. Captain Moses, with forty-seven men, had a severe fight on Sunday last with 300 of Thornton's men. Our loss, 6 killed, 4 wounded, and 2 missing. Loss of the enemy, 16 killed, 21 wounded. All of Thornton's men moving north; bands of them all through the counties of Platte and Clay. We should have more. They have a much larger force than we have. Expected they could have a start back to-night. Shall go out on a scout to-morrow. We will have the devil to pay in our own district.

JAS. H. FORD,

Colonel, Commanding Second Colorado.

