HEADQUARTERS DIST. OF SOUTHWEST MISSOURI, Springfield, Mo., July 20, 1864.

Major O. D. GREENE,Assistant Adjutant-General, Dept.of the Missouri:

MAJOR: I have the honor to report for the information of the major-general commanding that the following regiments of cavalry, now on duty in this district, own their horses and horse equipments, viz: Sixth Cavalry Missouri State Militia, Eighth Cavalry Missouri State Militia Seventh Cavalry Enrolled Missouri Militia, mustered and to be mustered into the twenty-months' service; Sixth Cavalry Enrolled Missouri Militia, mustered and to be mustered into the twenty-months' service. The term of service of all these regiments expires on or about the 1st day of June, 1865. Nearly all the men comprising these regiments are farmers residing within the district or State and have been and are able to keep themselves well supplied with horses. None of these troops desire to turn over their horses or equipments to the Government,and considering the short time these troops have to serve, the fact that they are serving near home, where they can supply their own horses constantly, I consider it to be to the best interest of the Government to allow them to retain and furnish their own horses in the same manner as heretofore. But if the law is construed as prohibiting any payment for the use of private horses the troops would of course have to turn them in. I would respectfully, request that special instructions be given in the case and the construction of the law by the War Department be communicated on the point, whether it is optional for the troops to turn in or otherwise dispose of their horses or compulsory.

I have the honor to be,very respectfully, your obedient servant,

JOHN B. SANBORN,

Brigadier-General, Commanding.
HEADQUARTERS DISTRICT OF NORTH MISSOURI, Saint Joseph, Mo., July 20, 1864.

Major-General ROSECRANS,Commanding Department of the Missouri, Saint Louis:

GENERAL: I have the honor to acknowledge receipt of your communication of 16th instant, directing me to make prompt and thorough investigation touching the defection in the Enrolled Missouri Militia in Platte and adjoining counties. This investigation will receive my early attention, and full report will be given you at the earliest possible date.

I am, general, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

CLINTON B. FISK,

Brigadier-General.

SAINT JOSEPH, MO., July 20, 1864.

Colonel O. D. GREENE,

Assistant Adjutant-General:

I consulted freely with General Craig before making the call for 5,000 men for the temporary service of exterminating the bushwhackers. In consideration of the militia feuds of this section it was decided to be better that the call should be made by myself. General Craig will have the command of the force. The very best of officers shall be selected as subordinates, and the general commanding may rest assured

