
call will be required to gather the harvest and cultivate the corps of their neighbors who do. The burden will be properly equalized. Camps for the rendezvous of this organization are established at Saint Joseph and Chillicothe. The same strict discipline and obedience to orders will be enforced among the troops who serve in this organization as among other troops, and commanding officers will be held strictly responsible for all unauthorized acts of the men. It is not intended that this temporary organization shall in any sense interfere with the operations of General Orders, No. 107, Department of the Missouri, current series. This appeal is especially addressed to the citizens of counties comprising the Eighth Military District of Missouri. Loyal men of the Northwest will you promptly respond to this call,and aid me in this sure and swift destruction of the robbers and murderers who are spreading death and desolation in their bloody pathway?

CLINTON B. FISK,

Brigadier-General, Commanding.

This is after consultation with General Craig, Enrolled Missouri Militia,who will take charge of all who respond to the call. The Enrolled Missouri Militia organization,as such, cannot be relied on to any great extent, from the fact that they have failed to report, and General Craig has not the data to work from. We hope by this appeal to promptly secure force enough to stop Thornton in his bloody pilgrimage.

CLINTON B. FISK,

Brigadier-General.

SAINT JOSEPH, July 20, 1864.

Colonel O. D. GREENE,

Assistant Adjutant-General:

I have 500 men marching from Glasgow in direction of Chillicothe, and am concentrating all the force I can get in the rear of Thornton. The guerrilla force is increasing as it marches on. It will require a strong force of militia to whip them out, but you may rest assured, colonel, that they will be whipped. The loyal men of this region are moving,and there is no earthly power that can stop them. I have thought it best to seize and control this power rather than have it moving independently of any recognized authority.

CLINTON B. FISK,

Brigadier-General.
HEADQUARTERS, Saint Joseph, July 20, 1864.

Major-General CURTIS:

Can you conveniently leave your troops at Weston a few days? I have all my troops on the chase after Thornton, who is now in Livingston County. I would be glad to have you continue the garrison at Weston for the present.

CLINTON B. FISK,Brigadier-General.

FORT LEAVENWORTH, July 20, 1864.

General C. B. FISK:

I am holding Weston. I wish you had a true, brave man to command there. Some further scouting needed from that point should be led by your commander.

S. R. CURTIS,

Major-General.

