
SAINT JOSEPH, July 20, 1864.
Major-General CURTIS:

I shall send Lieutenant-Colonel Draper to Weston as soon as I can reach him. Colonel Ford is holding mass-meeting with my Clay and Platte County rebels. He would be doing better service in pursuing Thornton and his Confederate fiends. Meetings have played out. I have worked that plan long enough. Bayonets, bullets, and pig-headed fighting only will answer now.

CLINTON B. FISK,

Brigadier-General.

SAINT LOUIS, July 20, 1864.

Brigadier-General CRAIG:

Orders issued placing you in active service and authorizing you to call out the militia of your district in such numbers as you may deem necessary upon consultation with General Fisk.

JOHN B. GRAY,

Adjutant-General.

SAINT JOSEPH, MO., July 20, 1864.

Brigadier-General FISK,

Saint Joseph, Mo.:

GENERAL: On Sunday morning, July 10, Major John M. Clark left Platte City to visit his family, about fifteen miles from Plate City, leaving me temporarily in command of the post. We ascertained on the previous day that a band of guerrillas or bushwhackers were in the neighborhood, but in too strong a force to be attacked by us, my main object then being to hold the town. Without my knowledge Lieutenant William Downing, commanding a detachment of Company G, Eighty-second Regiment Enrolled Missouri Militia, went out and had a communication with them,and on his return informed me that they were coming into town, and that he and the men under him did not intend to resist them, but were for them. I then called him and Lieutenant John W. Martin (commanding Company D) to one side, when they said it was useless to make any resistance, as the men would not fifth them. Some of the men in all the companies have fought had it not have been that they knew the others would join the bushwhackers. Lieutenant William Downing then left and came into town with the buskwackers, whereupon they took possession of the town and all that was there, taking just such things as they wanted. They took down the American flag that was flying and put up a small rebel flag, tearing up the Union flag and tying it to their horses' heads. Some of the militia, in a few minutes after the bushwhackers came into town, came out in full-dress rebel uniform. John C. C. Thornton was the commander. He came in from the east with forty-two men,and a man by the name of Taylor Amiss from the west with about sixty. On the next day Captain Thrailkill came in with the remainder, making in all about 150 or 175 men. They remained in town until Tuesday about 3 o'clock, when they left,going in the direction of Camden Point. They had when they left about 250 men, mostly well-mounted and well-armed. Lieutenant E. O. Sayle and myself then started for Saint Joseph by the way of Weston. On our arrival at Weston we reported to Colonel Jennison,

