
descent of Indians on the settlements, while an occasional caravan of emigrants would find ample protection in an escort of a company of cavalry, as in the case of Captain Fisk's expedition, now about to depart. Many of the persons with whom I have conversed are more or less interested in troops being kept in this country. They are not less strong in ridiculing the whole thing than those who are entirely disinterested. I do not suppose that I will be required to proceed to the territories, as it would be almost impossible to overtake the expeditions; about as you gave me verbal permission to visit my family in Quincy, I shall there await your orders. When I arrive there I will forward maps, and other documents, which will be found useful in assisting you to a full comprehension of the Indian war. In explanation of the length of time it has taken me to reach Saint Paul, I have to offer the fact that I missed two railroad connections, and was eight days on the river between Davenport and this place.

I have the honor to be, general, yours, respectfully,

W. L. DUFF,

Lieutenant-Colonel, Assistant Inspector-General.
HEADQUARTERS DEPARTMENT OF THE NORTHWEST,Milwaukee, Wis., July 2, 1864.

Brigadier General W. S. KETCHUM,

Madison, Wis.:

GENERAL: I send you a brief statement of troops in this department, with their stations, as far as can now be ascertained, to guide you in your inspection. The statements cannot now be given in detail, because General Sully has just set off on his expedition, having been re-enforced by General Sibley, from Minnesota. The small forces left behind by Sully and retained by Sibley in Minnesota are now being distributed in small detachments at points along the frontier to guard against Indian raids during the absence of the expedition.

Whole force of enlisted men (non-commissioned officers and privates, exclusive of Invalid Veteran Reserve companies) is as follows:

In Minnesota-One regiment infantry (Eighth Minnesota); one regiment cavalry (Second Minnesota); one battery artillery (Third Minnesota Battery); one independent cavalry battalion (Hatch's four companies); four companies infantry (Thirtieth Wisconsin). In Iowa and Dakota-One regiment cavalry (Sixth Iowa); one battalion cavalry (four companies Seventh Iowa); one independent battalion cavalry (Brackett's); three companies of Dakota cavalry; six companies infantry (Thirtieth Wisconsin). Aggregate of forces in department for duty-of cavalry, 35 companies, 2,723 men; of infantry, 20 companies, 1,260 men; of artillery, 1 company, 112 men; 1 company of rebel deserters, 48 men; aggregate for duty, 4,023 men. This force is distributed as follows; For Indian expedition under Sully-One infantry regiment, mounted (Eighth Minnesota); one cavalry regiment (Six Iowa); six companies cavalry (Second Minnesota); six companies infantry (Thirtieth Wisconsin); one battalion cavalry, four companies (Seventh Iowa); one independent battalion cavalry (Brackett's); three companies Dakota cavalry.

Some of these companies General Sully has left behind at various points to guard frontier settlements of Iowa and Dakota and certain Indian agencies on the Upper Missouri, and to garrison Fort Randall and Fort Pierre. All thus left are cavalry companies, I believe, and

