
in Caldwell County, this morning (the 19th), and were dressed in Federal uniform. They came upon Fortune's men shouting for Jim Lane, and thus deceived them. When they were in the camp they opened fire on Fortune's men and killed between 60 and 70 of them. My informant saw the rebels ten or twelve miles southeast of Black Oak Grove, near the timber of Turkey Creek, on the road to Carrollton, about 4 p.m., supposed to be about 400 strong. No troops have arrived at this place yet. I have command of a volunteer company of citizens, numbering about 100, on duty now at this place.

THOS. B. BRATTON.

J. J. CLARK.

SAINT JOSEPH, July 20, 1864.

Captain BRACKMAN,

Macon:

Let every man who has a gun be prepared for a fight. I hardly think Thornton will go near Macon. He is now in Livingston County, and will probably turn southward to cross the Missouri River. Keep your men well in hand and give me all the information you can gather.

CLINTON B. FISK,

Brigadier-General.

MACON CITY, MO., July 20, 1864.

Major-General ROSECRANS:

I have been ordered by Brigadier-General Douglass to call out two companies of Sixty-second Regiment Enrolled Missouri Militia, of Macon County; one company is here. I wish to get an order to draw blankets, clothing, and camp equipage from Lieutenant W. H. Feagans, quartermaster of Ninth Cavalry Missouri State Militia, at this post, for 200 men. I have telegraphed to Brigadier-General Douglass, but have received no answer, and in order to place the men on duty I must have blankets, &amp;c. I have no arms and must have them to protect citizens. I do not know where I can reach General Douglass. I have telegraphed to him to Glasgow yesterday, but have received no answer. The clothing, blankets, &c., are at this post except arms. There is a rumor that the rebels are coming in large force this way.

R. J. EBERMAN,

Colonel Sixty-second Enrolled Missouri Militia.

SPECIAL ORDERS, HDQRS. DISTRICT OF NORTH KANSAS, No. 65. Fort Leavenworth, July 20, 1864.

I. Colonel Jennison, Fifteenth Kansas Volunteer Cavalry, is, at his own request, hereby relieved from the command of the post of Fort Leavenworth, and will turn over all books, papers, and property of the post to Colonel Goodwin, One hundred and thirty-eighth Illinois Volunteer Infantry.

*	*	*	*	*	*	*	*	*	*	*	*	*	*

III. Colonel Jennison and Lieutenant Mackle will, according to the provisions of General Orders, No. 34, headquarters Department of Kansas, join their command in the District of South Kansas.

