
have ordered that Companies D and H, First Indiana, and C and E, First Cavalry California Volunteers, be sent in from the Apache campaign, so as to be mustered out of service at Las Cruces, N. Mex., on the 31st proximo. It will be necessary to have Captain French's company (A), First Cavalry California Volunteers, relieved from duty at San Elizario and marched to Las Cruces in time so that it may be mustered out on the 31st day of August, 1864. Captain Stomb's company can be ordered by yourself to take the place of Company A (if you think it advisable to keep up San Elizario, as you doubtless will), having a detachment at Franklin; it is said to be a large company. Care should be taken to have these movements made so as to economize the transportation as much as possible.

I am, colonel, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

JAMES H. CARLETON,

Brigadier-General, Commanding.
HEADQUARTERS SECOND SUB-DISTRICT OF MINNESOTA,Fort Ridgely, Minn., July 20, 1864.

Captain R. C. OLIN,

Asst. Adjt. General, District of Minnesota, Saint Paul, Minn.:

CAPTAIN: I have the honor to acknowledge the receipt of a communication from the commanding general, dated 14th instant, and would respectfully inform you that I had already dispatched Scout D. R. Kennedy, with instructions, to the scouts' camp, on the Redwood, and shall closely watch their movements in future. The detachments at Fairmont and Chanyuska have only been waiting for transportation, and shall remove to their new stations within a few days. I have to apologize for the apparent carelessness with which our tri-monthly reports have been made up heretofore, and hope that hereafter there will be no cause for complaint in this respect. Special Orders, No. 160, have been received, and I take the liberty to submit article I of the same to the reconsideration of the commanding general, as I think it wrong to deprive the garrison of their swings in favor of the subsistence department. The post bakery has always been carried on under the supervision of the council of administration, and has only lately been newly regulated in such a way that it can be successfully managed without the interference of the subsistence department. I hope, therefore, that as there is no desire for a change on the part of the garrison, the commanding general will revoke the said order.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

WILLIAM PFAENDER,

Lieutenant-Colonel, Commanding.
HDQRS. DIST. OF MINNESOTA, DEPT. OF THE NORTHWEST,Saint Paul, Minn., July 20, 1864.

Major C. P. ADAMS,

Commanding Hatch's Battalion, Present:

MAJOR: You will proceed without delay to take command of the corps known as Hatch's Independent Battalion, making your headquarters at Fort Abercrombie and relieving Captain C. H. Mix in the command of that post. You will devote yourself assiduously to restore the discipline and morale of the battalion, which are represented unofficially

