
defenses. I regard the necessity of additional protection of the magazines as immediate; "any time," as stated by Colonel Cobb, may be some time too late. Although the magazines are mostly below the surface and the entrances indirect, it seems to me that a shell from the opposite river-bank might be lodged in dangerous proximity to the contents of either one of them. I would also recommend, as a measure of primary necessity, the construction of a new and commodious magazine. This should be done without loss of time. There are tons of loose powder and projectiles here above ground stored in modern buildings. Two of the service magazines are left in a very exposed state by the removal of the Ninety-sixth Regiment, in obedience to department orders (Special Orders, No. 138). They were uncovered to make some alternations, and are left in that condition, all work on the fortifications and road having been suspended for the same reason. The necessity of an engineer officer, with competent assistants and ample working force, at this post, is too obvious to require mention from me.

Submitting the foregoing crude views with respectful deference,

I have the honor to be, your obedient servant,

JOHN McNEIL,

Brigadier-General of Volunteers, Commanding.

DEVALL'S BLUFF, ARK., July 21, 1864.

Captain C. H. DYER,

Assistant Adjutant-General, District of Little Rock:

Have ordered one infantry company from One hundred and twenty-sixth Illinois and seventy cavalry as additional guard to hay-makers. Hemingway thinks this will be ample. His work will be only a mile or two from the other party, where there is already a guard of 100 cavalry from Eighth Missouri. Have a small scout out toward West Point, also one to Crockett's Bluff; a small one east.

C. C. ANDREWS,

Brigadier-General.
HDQRS. SECOND DIVISION, SEVENTH ARMY CORPS,Devall's Bluff, July 21, 1864.

Colonel M. M. TRUMBULL,

Commanding Ninth Iowa Cavalry Volunteers:

You will send immediately a scout to a point about three miles on the opposite side of the river to capture some bushwhackers said to be there. The scout will consist of two commissioned officers and thirty mounted and twenty dismounted men. The officer in command will report in person at these headquarters for instructions.

C. C. ANDREWS,

Brigadier-General, Commanding.

BROWNSVILLE, July 21, 1864-7.30 a.m.

Captain C. H. DYER,

Assistant Adjutant-General, Little Rock:

The scout that I sent to ascertain what force was in south of this place returned at 3 o'clock this morning. They were attacked at midnight ten miles south of here and lost 3 men. The rebs followed them

