
out to the prairie. Captain Miller thinks there were at least 300 in the party that attacked him. He also report Monroe's regiment of Cabell's brigade between Clear Lake and Dudley's Lake, and thinks the whole of the brigade is in that neighborhood. Captain Miller was on Plum Bayou, two miles from Clear Lake, and his report is reliable.

O. WOOD,

Colonel.

LITTLE ROCK, ARK., July 21, 1864.

Colonel O. WOOD,

Brownsville:

There has a force of Ninth Kansas Cavalry gone in the direction of where you report Cabell as being.

C. H. DYER,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

LEWISBURG, July 21, 1864.

Captain C. H. DYER,

Assistant Adjutant-General:

Scout in from Red River; went within few miles of Kinderhook; report 500 rebs in the forks of Red River. Shelby moving up White River, with rumors of part of his force in Batesville. Colonel Schnable reported in Richwoods on the 19th. Rebs appear to be gathering north of Red River. All quite here.

A. H. RYAN,

Colonel, Commanding.
HEADQUARTERS DISTRICT OF THE FRONTIER,Fort Smith, Ark., July 21, 1864.

Colonel WILLIAM A. PHILLIPS,

Commanding Indian Brigade, Fort Gibson, C. N.:

COLONEL: Information has reached here that the rebels have crossed a force over the Arkansas River at old Fort Coffee. The general commanding directs that you detain the train at Fort Gibson until further orders from these headquarters.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

T. J. ANDERSON,

Major and Assistant Adjutant-General.

SEDALIA, MO., July 21, 1864.

Colonel O. D. GREENE,

Assistant Adjutant-General:

It will take me to-morrow and next day to complete my inspection properly here. To-day have been inspecting company books, papers, &amp;c., and means of transportation in quartermaster's department. To-morrow I inspect troops, and shall then have subsistence and provost-marshal's departments to look after. Reports received here say that Arrow Rock was burned last night by Yeager and a band of 160 guerrillas. The guerrillas are reported to have gone west.

J. TOTTEN,

Brigadier-General.

