
NEW MADRID, July 21, 1864.

Major-General EWING,

Saint Louis:

Between fifty and one hundred guerrillas, under Captains Guthrie and West, have passed up five miles west of here and got into the James Bayou region and between there and Cairo just after a party from here, under Captain Edwards, came out from that region. I dislike leaving them there and will, if you think it advisable, move with my whole available force here in three or four columns after them, and have forces move on them from Bloomfield and Charleston at same time. This would delay some three days the more important expedition, but we could then move, leaving the country in our rear in safer condition. Inform me at once if you would be satisfied with this arrangements, as I shall move in some direction to-day.

JOHN T. BURRIS,

Lieutenant-Colonel.

SAINT LOUIS, July 21, 1864.

Major General W. S. ROSECRANS:

I sent your last messages to Fisk and Brown, via Sedalia, on Missouri and Western line. Operator at Sedalia said he thought he could get them through, but was not certain as to Fisk's message. The train-master of North Missouri road informs me he will have cars here at 6 a.m. to-morrow morning for the 300 mounted men. The First Iowa Cavalry are now at Mexico, and will leave for Macon City as soon as trainmaster can give his conductors orders.

O. W. PAXSON.

SAINT LOUIS, July 21, 1864.

General BROWN,

Warrensburg:

If you have the two companies of infantry at Jefferson City I wish you to have two companies of cavalry from Jefferson cross the river and bring away General Douglass from Columbia, where the bushwhackers are trying to capture him. It might be done secretly and promptly. Let me know if it can be done at once. If so, do it.

W. S. ROSECRANS,

Major-General.

Copy sent Colonel Hall with the following additional: You will comply with the above if practicable. Answer and let me know what direction the guerrillas took from Arrow Rock.

By order:

J. H. STEGER,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

WARRENSBURG, MO., July 21, 1864.

Major O. D. GREENE,

Assistant Adjutant-General, Saint Louis, Mo.:

The sheriff of Saline County reports to Captain Parke, at Boonville, that Arrow Rock was burned last night. There was a company of ninety citizen guards and a squad of soldiers at that place. The soldiers are said to have made their escape.

E. B. BROWN,

Brigadier-General.

