
WARRENSBURG, July 21, 1864.

Major O. D. GREENE,

Saint Louis:

The following dispatch has just been received:

GLASGOW, July 21, 1864.

I have just arrived. Lieutenant Woodruff, First Missouri State Militia [Cavalry], was attacked by about 200 guerrillas at Arrow Rock last night. He fought them three-quarters of an hour, losing 3 men missing, and all his horses. He and his men are here. I shall take him to Frankfort. I have placed the garrison of Miami and Cambridge at Frankfort. I brought 120 men, under Captain Wyckoff, from Lexington, who marched from Miami, at 7 o'clock this morning, in pursuit of the rebels, 150 strong, under Todd, who passed at 5 p.m. yesterday five miles south of Miami on the gallop east. Captain Queen marched with fifty men from a point opposite Chicken Point and six miles below Waverly at 5 a.m. this morning for Marshall. Ferguson with eighty men I met at Waverly at 7 p.m. yesterday and ordered him to Marshall. I leave for Miami soon; will return early to-morrow morning. Thornton's band, 300 strong, were at Mandeville yesterday at 12 m., marching east. Citizens of Carroll County are armed and willing to defend themselves.

HENRY SUESS,

Major and Chief of Cavalry.

I have ordered Colonel Hall to look out for a raid on the railroad towns east of Sedalia. Major Suess is in command of the Fanny Ogden.

E. B. BROWN,

Brigadier-General of Volunteers.

ON BOARD STEAMER OGDEN,

Glasgow, July 21, 1864.

Brigadier General E. B. BROWN,

Warrensburg:

I have just been to Cambridge and Frankfort. No news at either place. I shall now run down to Saline City and Arrow Rock. Will report again to you to-morrow morning.

HENRY SUESS,

Major and Chief of Cavalry.

HOLDEN, July 21, 1864.

Captain J. H. STEGER,

Assistant Adjutant-General:

Todd, Gazes [?], Cockrell, and Greer, with 100 men, passed through Chapel Hill last Monday morning. Fed at Wagoner's, three miles east of that place, and remained there until 7 o'clock that evening. Had Wagoner reported as he should we could have come up with the guerrillas early Monday night. They passed by the way of Hopewell and last heard of at Ewing's.

M. U. FOSTER,

Captain.

PLEASANT HILL, July 21, 1864.

Captain STEGER,

Assistant Adjutant-General:

Captain Foster left here at 2 o'clock this morning with seventy of his own men and twenty-five Second Colorado for Chapel Hill and vicinity.

E. P. ELMER,

Captain, Commanding.

