
most of this force is occupied in patrolling the country along the frontier. The whole force of the moving expedition is about 2,300 men. There are left in Minnesota as follows: Of cavalry, six companies Second Minnesota Cavalry; one independent battalion (four companies) (Hatch's); of infantry, four companies Thirtieth Wisconsin; of artillery, part of a company. These troops are distributed in small detachments along the frontier to prevent Indian raids during Sully's absence on his expedition. Forts Abercrombie, Ridgely, and Ripley are occupied by portions of this force and many other prominent points along the frontier, which I cannot now designate. Of this force also three companies of Thirtieth Wisconsin Infantry and one company of cavalry are on their way to James River to establish Fort Wadsworth. General Sibley can give you the exact positions and numbers of the above force. Of veteran reserves, there are, so far as known, the following companies: One company at Davenport, one company at Madison, two companies at Milwaukee, one company at Fort Snelling. There may be others, but I don't know of them. It is proper to state that the Veteran Reserve companies in this department have never been placed under my command by any proper authority.

The provost-marshal-general ordered the companies in this department to report to me, except such as were needed by the officers of his department. Many detachments of these companies under charge of officers of the provost-marshal's department are scattered about over this department and employed in offices, but I know nothing of them.

I am, general, respectfully, your obedient servant,

JNO. POPE,

Major-General, Commanding.
HEADQUARTERS DEPARTMENT OF THE NORTHWEST,Milwaukee, Wis., July 2, 1864.

Honorable JAMES T. LEWIS,

Governor of the State of Wisconsin, Madison:

SIR: Your letter of the 30th ultimo, inclosing communication of sheriff of Marathon County of 20th instant, has been received by Major-General Pope, and I am directed by him to reply as follows:

Inclosed you will find copy of a telegraphic dispatch* from Mr. C. E. Mix, Commissioner of Indian Affairs, on the subject of Indians in the State. It was sent in reply to a request made by General Pope that they should be removed from Wisconsin. You will perceive from the dispatch in question, that the Interior Department not only declines to have anything to do with these Indians, but notifies General Pope that if he interferes with them he will have them on his hands. It is believed that if the Interior Department has not charge of Indians, no other department of the Government has. Why the Interior Department has left and still leaves these Indians and Wisconsin without an agent, without means, and disavows all responsibility for such an extraordinary course, is not known. Of course against hostile combinations of these Indians against the whites in this State, the commander of this department will take all the measures at his command, but with cases of mere personal violation of the law committed by single Indians in any town or settlement in Wisconsin, the State laws and the State authorities must deal. These Indians should be removed from the State, and General Pope has

---------------

*Not found.

---------------

