
Three men who were witnesses against Pat Mullins at Tipton were killed last night about nine miles south of Tipton. Two men were robbed near California this morning. There acts are said to have been committed by Brunnli's [?] and Wilson's gang.

GEO. H. HALL,

Colonel Fourth Cavalry Missouri State Militia.

KANSAS CITY, July 21, 1864.

Brigadier-General BROWN,

Warrensburg:

There are about 500 good loyal men in this vicinity who will organize themselves into companies for the protection of themselves and property if they can be furnished with arms. Can they have the arms? If so, where can the best arms be got the soonest? The above has been sent to General Curtis.

J. H. FORD,

Colonel, Commanding.

WARRENSBURG, July 21, 1864.

Colonel J. H. FORD,

Kansas City:

Where in the vicinity are the 500 men who will form into companies? How many arms have they, and how many will they want?

E. B. BROWN,

Brigadier-General of Volunteers, Commanding.

KANSAS CITY, July 21, 1864.

Brigadier-General BROWN,

Warrensburg:

The 500 men are in this place and Independence. The men referred to have no arms at all, and should have one gun with accouterments to every man if they have any.

JAS. S. CLEVELAND,

Acting Assistant Adjutant-General.

SAINT LOUIS, MO., July 21, 1864.

Colonel FORD,

Kansas City, Mo.:

Telegram just received from General Fisk stating that Thornton last night turned back from Livingston County, and this morning with about 1,500 men was ten miles south of Cameron, on the Hannibal and Saint Joe Railroad. He is probably somewhere on the road running from Plattsburg to Kingston. The general desires you to keep all men that you have had north of the river, and add more of your men, if you can possibly spare them, and march without delay upon the enemy. Acknowledge receipt hereof, report at what time you march upon Thornton, and afterward report from time to time your operations as circumstances permit.

O. D. GREENE,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

Tell operator at Kansas City that if Colonel Ford is not in town this dispatch must be forwarded to him without delay wherever he may be.

