
Militia, on duty within the shadow of my own headquarters, went off to the enemy last night, and the balance of the company refuse to fight Confederates; I have then under arrest. Is it not among the possibilities to send me 1,000 reliable troops from some other district forthwith? Volunteers under my appeal are already coming in, without arms and horses sufficient to go against such a foe as confronts us. We must crush this uprising swiftly and surely. Do you hear from Colonel Ford? He makes no reports to me.

CLINTON B. FISK.

SAINT JOSEPH, MO., July 21, 1864.

Colonel O. D. GREENE:

Thornton occupied Plattsburg. Our troops engaged him this morning and were driven back with some loss. Captain Turney, commanding the militia of Clinton County, was killed. He was among the truest of men and the most gallant and brave of officers. I had ordered him to retire from Plattsburg and unite with the force from Cameron, but fear the messenger was captured. I am exercising the greatest of vigilance in this city, where doubtless Thornton has a great number of Confederates who are ready to join him if he shows sufficient strength and the Government a corresponding weakness. I have a few loyal, brave boys here with me, and we shall make a good fight if Thornton comes this way.

CLINTON B. FISK,

Brigadier-General.

SAINT LOUIS, MO., July 21, 1864.

General FISK,

Saint Joe, Mo.:

I have just dispatched Ford to resume the offensive and march upon Thornton at once; also to Lieutenant-Colonel Hynes, at Glasgow, to march on Thornton at about the point you designate in your dispatch telling him of Ford's orders, and that he should endeavor to form junction with him. In addition, the First Iowa Cavalry and detachment of Sixth Missouri State Militia, in all about 600 men, will probably move west from Macon City to-morrow by rail and disembark at or near Cameron to join in the chase. Make your disposition and give orders accordingly. Orders must in many cases be given direct, but they are not to be construed as conflicting with your orders as immediate commander of the forces now in your district. Acknowledge receipt hereof and uniform us of situation of affairs from time to time. We will do all we can in the way of sending you arms and ammunition from here, but I doubt if we can get them through. General Curtis has been asked by telegraph to supply you if he can.

O. D. GREENE,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

SAINT JOSEPH, July 21, 1864.

Colonel O. D. GREENE,

Assistant Adjutant-General, Saint Louis:

I have the honor to acknowledge receipt of your dispatch detailing your order and disposition of the troops moving against Thornton. I had ordered the Glasgow troops into the chase yesterday. They are well

