
out the Secretary of War (who is my enemy) will hold me responsible." Loan then told him that, let the loyal people of the league (among whom there was not a single traitor) take the matter in hand, and they would rid themselves of the scourge, and wipe out the last vestige of treason and sympathy. Loan said Rosecrans replied, "all power was derived from the people," and that the people had powers which he dare not assume, and that the people had a right to rise and defend themselves, and that he (Rosecrans) would not interfere. Loan then appealed to the infuriated crowd, and told them all power was vested in the people, and that they should no longer depend upon the Federal Government or the State authorities, who were conniving and operating with rebels in arms to carry Missouri out of the Union. W. H. De Witt, of this town, followed Loan, and made a wild and silly speech, but speaking the sentiments of the radicals. He said that they had the men-Loyal League Patriots-and that they did not want or intend to permit Paw Paws, rebel sympathizers, copperheads, or conservatives to join or go into service under this call of General Fisk; but that they intended to wipe out the Copperhead supporters of the provisional rebel government of the State. Governor, I think it is time something was done. If you fail to send us relief, Andrew County and the northwest will soon be drenched in blood.

Your friend,

CHAS. H. WHITAKER.

[Indorsement.]

JEFFERSON CITY, MO., July 25, 1864.

Respectfully referred to General Fisk for the purpose of calling his attention to the alarm which is felt in Northwest Missouri by persons also entertaining Mr. Whitaker's views. There is no doubt of Whitaker's loyalty.

WILLARD P. HALL,

Governor of Missouri.

OSBORN, July 21, 1864.

General FISK:

We are ready to move to Kingston. Sixty bushwhackers were within eight miles of town yesterday. Our pickets ran across twelve last night. This post is threatened. Shall we move. A deserter came in here this morning and says that Thornton is about twenty-five miles south of here.

TURNEY AND POE,

Captains, Plattsburg.

OSBORN, July 21, 1864.

General FISK:

Four hundred rebels passed Bedford six miles east of Plattsburg, going to Plattsburg, about two hours ago.

E. DUDLEY.

OSBORN, July 21, 1864.

General FISK:

The rebels attacked Plattsburg and were repulsed and left in the direction of Haynesville. Our loss, Captain Turney killed and 1 man wounded. Loss of the enemy not known.

J. M. RILEY.

