
CHILLICOTHE, July 21, 1864.

General FISK:

Have heard nothing more from my men. Am confident they will drive Thornton south of the river. I will be in Saint Joseph in the morning. Armed three companies to-day in response to your call.

A. J. SWAIN,

Lieutenant-Colonel, Commanding.

STURGEON, MO., July 21, 1864.

Major-General ROSECRANS:

I received a messenger from General Douglass this evening. He wished me to say to you that he is at Columbia and unable to get away. The rebels have been guarding the road for the purpose of capturing him; he is no fortifications and will hold them until he can get re-enforcements. He is in no danger whatever while he remains there.

E. K. SMITH,

Captain, Commanding Post.

SAINT JOSEPH, July 21, 1864.

Captain E. K. SMITH,

Sturgeon, Mo.:

Send an escort for General Douglass at once. Raise the siege at Columbia and bring him out. Tell him that the serious outbreak in the northwest required the Glasgow troops to be sent toward Chillicothe. Force will very soon be furnished you for the relief of all.

CLINTON B. FISK,

Brigadier-General.

SAINT JOSEPH, July 21, 1864.

Brigadier-General DOUGLASS,

Sturgeon, Mo.:

Report condition of affairs in your district. They are bad enough at this end, and I may be compelled to draw force from you unless you are in equal danger. Thornton's forces number about 1,500 in different detachments, and increasing in magnitude and fury every hour. Answer immediately.

CLINTON B. FISK,

Brigadier-General.

SAINT LOUIS, MO., July 21, 1864.

Lieutenant-Colonel HYNES,

Glasgow, Mo.:

Thornton was this morning about ten miles south of Cameron, on Hannibal and Saint Joe Railroad, with a force reported at 1,500, probably exaggerated by several hundred men. You must march upon him with all your available force. Colonel Ford, of the Second Colorado Cavalry, with 500 or 600 men, is in the neighborhood of Liberty, Clay County, and has received orders to march on Thornton. By good marching you can probably unite with Ford in time to join in main attack. A force

