
several times urged the matter at Washington, with what result you see from the dispatch above referred to. If the Indian Mitekaunish belongs to the tribe having reservations on Lake Superior, the proper reference of this complaint is to the Indian agent in that region, who has exclusive jurisdiction of these Indians.

General Cook has sent to Bayfield and Superior to inquire into the condition and dispositions of the Chippewas in that region. If the Indian in question belongs to the tribe in that region please inform me, and General Cook will be instructed to see that the Indian agent brings him to punishment. It is suggested, however, that the State laws and authority are amply sufficient to deal with such isolated cases as the one now presented.

I have the honor to be, sir, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

J. F. MELINE,

Acting Assistant Adjutant-General.
HDQRS. DIST. OF MINN., DEPT. OF THE NORTHWEST,Saint Paul, Minn., July 2, 1864.

Major J. F. MELINE,

Actg. Asst. Adjt. General, Dept. of the Northwest, Milwaukee:

MAJOR: The assistant adjutant-general at army headquarters addressed to me a dispatch, dated 30th ultimo, which was received yesterday, of which the following is a copy:

WASHINGTON, June 30, 1864-1.50 p. m.

Brigadier-General SIBLEY:

Company C, Twenty-third Regiment Veteran Reserve Corps, ordered to Fort Snelling by Major-General Pope, will report for duty at the draft rendezvous near Fort Snelling.

LOUIS H. PELOUZE,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

In accordance with the order I have relieved Captain Shortlidge in the command at Fort Snelling, and ordered him to report with his company (C), Veteran Reserve Corps, to the commandant of the draft rendezvous. Lieutenant-General Brydolf states verbally to me that there are some men belonging to the company on special duty in Wisconsin who he desires to join it. I am left rather short-handed in garrison force at Fort Snelling by the unexpected movement.

I am, major, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

H. H. SIBLEY,

Brigadier-General, Commanding.
HDQRS. DIST. OF MINN., DEPT. OF THE NORTHWEST,Saint Paul, Minn., July 2, 1864.

Lieutenant Colonel WILLIAM PFAENDER,

Commanding Fort Ridgely:

COLONEL: Your dispatch of 29th ultimo has been received. The order prohibiting the issue of other than shelter-tents is peremptory and admits of no exception. Some shelter-tents were ordered several days since to be sent from Fort Snelling to Fort Ridgely, which will enable you to supply the small detachment to be stationed for the pro-

