
of about 600 men is being organized to proceed as quickly as possible west from Macon City, and to disembark from the cars at about Cameron to join in the chase. Act promptly and vigorously. Your force is large enough to harass the enemy and be safe yourself, even if single handed you are not strong enough to make a full and decisive attack.

O. D. GREENE,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

Tell operator at Glasgow that if Lieutenant-Colonel Hynes is not in town to give this dispatch to the senior officer present, who will forward it by trusty messenger to Colonel Hynes.

SAINT LOUIS, MO., July 21, 1864.

Commanding Officer Fist Iowa Cavalry, on train of North Missouri Railroad, to reach him at Mexico, and be handed to him before anything is taken off the train:

Go on with your command to Macon City and wait further orders. Acknowledge receipt of this.

O. D. GREENE,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

BETHANY, MO., July 21, 1864.

Brigadier-General FISK,

Commanding Dist. of N. Mo. and 7th Mil. Dist., Saint Joseph, Mo.:

GENERAL: Having on yesterday received information that the rebels were in possession of and had perhaps burned Kingston, in Caldwell County, Mo., and that they were making their way north, and would doubtless pay this (Harrison) county a visit, and deeming that the exigency of the case required prompt action in providing measures of defense, and believing that if I waited to communicate with you before acting in the matter it would be too late for defensive purpose, I, upon my own motion, issued an order to the captains of the different companies of this regiment to call their men together, and to proceed to arm as many of them as possible, and for the purpose of thus arming these men for the defense of the county, to take possession of such arms as they could find. Under that order the captains of the various companies who have reported to me proceeded to take possession of such arms not belonging to the members of the militia as were fit for service. I directed the captains to uniform persons from whom arms were thus obtained that these arms would be returned to them as soon as the present apparent danger is passed. I am aware, general, that in making this order, and in causing these arms to be taken possession of, I acted without competent legal authority, not being on active duty. I can only offer the apparent absolute necessity for my action in the matter as an excuse. Although I had not the opportunity to communicate with you in relation to this matter before acting, deeming delay in acting dangerous, I now at the first possible moment report my action for your approval or condemnation. We are poorly armed at best. We are willing and more than willing to defend our country from these marauders, but are in a poor condition for doing so. None of these cut-throats stealing, robbing, and burning on the borders of the county. We hope we may not be invaded, but are in hourly expectation of it.

