HEADQUARTERS DEPARTMENT OF NEW MEXICO,Santa Fe, N. Mex., July 21, 1864.

Lieutenant Colonel NELSON H. DAVIS,

Assistant Inspector-General, U. S. Army:

COLONEL: From information which I have received, I believe that many Apaches have left the mountains north of the Gila, and are now in considerable numbers along the Sonora line, about and west of Lake Guzman. I am anxious that an officer of experience should command a small force and proceed against these Apaches. His operations in this respect will be independent of, but auxiliary to, the general movement now making against those Indians, which movement is under the command of Colonel Rigg, First Infantry California Volunteers. You are selected to command this force, and will proceed to Las Cruces, and by my authority require of Colonel Bowie, commanding the District of Arizona, the necessary number of troops, not to exceed seventy rank and file of infantry, and not to exceed fifteen cavalry, with a proportionate number of officers. The necessary funds, subsistence stores, transportation, guides, and packers will be furnished by the chief quartermaster and chief commissary of the District of Arizona on and according to your requisitions. The ordnance officer at Las Cruces will also furnish what ordnance and ordnance stores you may want. The time to be occupied on this expedition is left to your judgment, but it is presumed that you can accomplish all practicable purposes with regard to the Indians in, say, not to exceed sixty day from the time of departure from Las Cruces. I have heard that some rich placers of gold have been recently discovered on the Sonora line somewhere northwesterly from Corralitos; that these placers occupy the country on both sides of the line. I have also heard that in that neighborhood, or still farther westward, there are some very rich mines of silver. You will get all the information you can in relation to the truth of these rumors, as to the existence and character of these mines, as the next important consideration after the subjugation of the Indians is the knowledge of the mineral wealth of the country. This is now of vast importance to the General Government. Having completed all this and returned the troops to their proper stations, you will come to department headquarters and report the result in writing for the information of the War Department. If possible procure specimens of good size from any placers or mines which you may visit or discover, that they may be sent to Washington with your report.

I am, colonel, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

JAMES H. CARLETON,

Brigadier-General, Commanding.
HEADQUARTERS,Fort Wingate, N. Mex., July 21, 1864.

ASSISTANT ADJUTANT-GENERAL, DEPT. OF NEW MEXICO:

SIR: I have the honor to state for the information of the department commander that Lieutenant Abeytia, sent from Fort Canby for Navajo Indians that were near the pueblo of Zuni, reports that these Indians are using every means in their power to keep the Navajo Indians from giving themselves up and moving to their reservation, telling them that they are to be made slaves of, &amp;c. Through their influence Manuelito has gone to Colorado Chico with from 300 to 400 Indians, and refuses

