
to go to the Bosque. These Indians were all willing to go before the Zunis influenced them. I shall send for one that has been very conspicuous in this matter, and will keep him until I receive your instructions. It would be well perhaps to have an officer with a few men stationed at Zuni until the Navajoes are all at Bosque. The Indian I am going to send for says he is going to the Apache country, and I believe for no good.

I am, sir, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

E. W. EATON,

Major First Cavalry New Mexico Vols., Commanding Post.

[First indorsement.]

AUGUST 1, 1864.

Respectfully returned.

Keep the Indian until further orders. Go yourself to Zuni and inquire into this matter. If Manuelito does not soon come in, the Utes will attack him. If the Zuni people discourage the emigration of the Navajoes they will be held to a strict accountability. Return this with your report after you come back from Zuni.

By order:

BEN. C. CUTLER,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

[Second indorsement.]
HEADQUARTERS,Fort Wingate, N. Mex., August 13, 1864.

This communication was received upon my return from Zuni. It is undoubtedly true that some few of the Zuni Indians have discouraged the Navajoes from surrendering (one of those I have here in the guard-house), but I believe the general disposition of the Zuni Indians to be good. I also believe that all that has been said about them is not true. They did not wholly understand their position between the Government and Indians at war with the same. I had a meeting of all the principal men, headed by the acting governor (the governor being absent), alcalde, cacique, &amp;c., and about 100 heads of families, and explained to them what was required of them by the Government as neutrals, and that they should not give them, the Indians at war, aid in any manner, not even by advising them not to surrender; that any Navajo or Apache Indians that came to their town they should either bring them into this post or let me know of their being there; all of which they willingly agreed to do. I told them that any other course would subject them to the same policy as the Navajo Indian.

E. W. EATON,

Major First Cav. New Mexico Vols., Commanding Fort Wingate.
HDQRS. MILITARY DIVISION OF WEST MISSISSIPPI,New Orleans, July 22, 1864.

Major General H. W. HALLECK,

Chief of Staff, &c., Washington, D. C.:

GENERAL: The equivalent of the Third Division of the Nineteenth Army Corps has been at this place for the past ten days awaiting transportation. I regret this delay, but it is occasioned by circumstances beyond my control. All the seaworthy transportation within

