
feels satisfied that a force of 500 or more have crossed the Atchafalaya, and that the three pieces were posted to protect their crossing and return. He further thinks there is reason to believe that about 300 have passed down the Fordoche, perhaps with a view of making a raid on the Plaquemine and Fordoche country. I sent 250 cavalry up to Williamsport to-day; they have not returned. If their report indicated a force of the enemy down the Fordoche, I will send 500 men after them in the morning. The heat of the weather goes hard with the cavalry.

M. K. LAWLER,

Brigadier-General, Commanding.

(Copy to Brigadier General W. P. Benton.)
HEADQUARTERS DISTRICT OF LA FOURCHE,July 22, 1864.

Major GEORGE B. DRAKE,

Asst. Adjt. General, Department of the Gulf:

The Eighteenth New York have five companies here, three at Brashear, one at Houma, and one at Terre Bonne. It is in a very badly demoralized condition and should be taken back to camp of instruction. All the field officers and part of the line officers are in arrest, and it is lacking in arms, accouterments, virtue, and discipline, and sorely needs an energetic and high-minded commander.

R. A. CAMERON,

Brigadier-General of Volunteers, Commanding District.
HEADQUARTERS LA FOURCHE DISTRICT,Thibodeaux, La., July 22, 1864.

Colonel C. L. HARRIS,

Commanding Post, Brashear City:

SIR: I send you 700 copies of the President's proclamation of December 8, 1863, with General Orders, No. 64, of 1864, from the War Department, Adjutant-General's Office, in pamphlet form. These are intended to be circulated within the rebel lines and to reach, if possible, their soldiers in arms, that they may be made aware of the amnesty offered them by the President. To do this you will send out strong parties of cavalry whose sole business will be to distribute them among the citizens beyond our pickets, so that as many as possible may reach the region occupied by the rebels, and if possible that some may find their way into their camps. The general commanding the district desires that you will interest yourself in this matter and let him know from time to time what progress you have made.

By order of Brigadier General R. A. Cameron:

B. B. CAMPBELL,

Captain and Acting Assistant Adjutant-General.

HEADQUARTERS, Baton Rouge, July 22, 1864. (Received 5.15 p.m.)

Major-General CANBY:

My hard earned reputation as a soldier is being frittered away hourly by Southern traitors and Northern thieves. Cotton is the corrupting element. These cowardly scoundrels have circulated the report that you

