
age going to close the lines on the 1st of August. The result is that this town is full of cotton, two-thirds of which belongs to the rebel Government, but all is sworn through. I am confident that there are not over twelve true patriots in the town outside of the army. In view of these facts I most respectfully request either to have permission to close the lines or be ordered to go in the field with the fighting party.

Respectfully,

W. P. BENTON,

Brigadier-General, Commanding.

LITTLE ROCK, July 22, 1864.

Major General E. R. S. CANBY,

Commanding Military Division of West Mississippi:

(Care of commander of gun-boat fleet, mouth of White River.)

GENERAL: Price has crossed Ouachita River with the rest of his troops, about 8,000, and was in camp eight miles side of Camden. Our scouting parties drove in his pickets. Buckner and Magruder are reported at Shreveport.

FREDK. STEELE,

Major-General.

DEVALL'S BLUFF, July 22, 1864.

Captain C. H. DYER,

Assistant Adjutant-General:

I learn that about 100 conscripts from the neighborhood of Saint Charles and Crockett's Bluff will rendezvous at Farley's, on the Arkansas River, about sixty miles from here, on Sunday, but I am not fully determined as to sending another scout that way. It ought to be a large one. Seventy cavalry and thirty infantry went to Ashley's Station this morning as additional guard to hay-makers. Shall visit the posts as far as Brownsville to-morrow, if I can.

C. C. ANDREWS,

Brigadier-General.
HDQRS. SECOND DIVISION, SEVENTH ARMY CORPS,Devall's Bluff, Ark., July 22, 1864-10.30 p.m.

Captain C. H. DYER,

Assistant Adjutant-General, Little Rock, Ark.:

The dispatch received last read as follows:

Do not send any infantry toward the hay-makers if your infantry is needed to cut timber and complete the defenses at Devall's Bluff.

The guard had been ordered before your dispatch was received.

C. C. ANDREWS,

Brigadier-General, Commanding.
HEADQUARTERS POST OF LEWISBURG, July 22, 1864.

Captain C. H. DYER,Assistant Adjutant-General:

Captain Taylor returned from scout to Red River; killed 4 rebels; reports Shelby on Black River, McCray with 1,500 men at West Point.

