HEADQUARTERS DISTRICT OF THE FRONTIER,Fort Smith, Ark., July 22, 1864.

Colonel W. A. PHILLIPS,

Commanding Indian Brigade:

COLONEL: The general commanding directs me to say that he has ascertained that no force has crossed the Arkansas, as was reported yesterday. You will at once send forward to this place the mule train loaded with quartermaster's stores. The Second Kansas Colored is ordered to proceed on the road toward Mackey's Lick to meet and re-enforce the escort to the train. You are directed to report the number of days' subsistence on hand for the troops under your command. All is now apparently quiet in this vicinity. You are directed to be vigilant.

Respectfully,

OWEN A. BASSETT,

Lieutenant-Colonel and Chief of Staff.
HEADQUARTERS,Saint Louis, Mo., July 22, 1864. (Received 11.45 p.m.)

Honorable EDWIN M. STANTON,

Secretary of War:

What I feared and telegraphed you about has come to pass. We are having a very serious rising in North Missouri, and have grave reason to think a powerful co-operative raid may come from Arkansas. The following rebel officers are north of the river: General Jackman, Colonels Thornton, Perkins, White, and Percy. They are reported at Plattsburg and Kingston with 2,000 men yesterday. We had only eight companies of Missouri State Militia Cavalry north of the river when the movement began. I have sent two fractions of regiments of veterans up by the North Missouri Railroad. You must bear in mind that the stores, depots, arsenal, &amp;c., of this place are now mainly guarded by raw militia called out for thirty days. It will be sufficiently obvious how this stands as a matter of military prudence. I think I have established some credit for prudence and foresight, and in my judgment I ought to have some troops from abroad to guard this depot and the prisons, and authority to call out and arm volunteers for some definite period in consonance with law and policy to meet exigencies which may arise. I want more cavalry arms here. Those now in the hands of troops are thrice condemned. To support troops and lose a large percentage of their numerical fighting power by bad arms is a military and economical error of the gravest character. Five thousand complete sets of arms and horse equipments should be sent here for issue.

W. S. ROSECRANS,

Major-General.

FORT LEAVENWORTH, July 22, 1864.

General ROSECRANS,

Commanding Department of the Missouri:

I have sent General Fisk 500 stand of infantry arms and accouterments and 20,000 rounds of ammunition; have no cavalry arms. They

