
co-workers and sympathizers it has been rendered unsafe for loyal men to engage in the general trade and traffic of the county, while Southern sympathizers and known rebels could travel from one section of our State to another with all their valuables, buy and transport stock and the various products of the county to the Government marked without fear or hinderance from their friends and co-laborers-the guerrillas and bushwhackers. The practical workings of their combined policy is growing daily more severe. The guerrillas and marauders make their raids into the through a Union neighborhood, plunder, rob, and brutally abuse and sometimes murder some known prominent Union man, with threats of further and more severe treatment when they again visit that locality. This, in the unprotected condition of the county, produces a feeling of insecurity for property and life. Then follows in their wake the Southern sympathizer, who has grown rich by his traffic with and through the Government, and has now become overburdened with the Government currency, known as greenbacks (and which they and their friends use every means to duplicate), and in an insinuating manner inquire of the much-abused Union man if he wishes to sell his farm or his stock, that they have been so informed. Their conversation and associations being of that character to force it upon the minds of all loyal men that they are in sympathy with the guerrillas, and their inquiries are but another link in the same chain, the object of which is to press out every Union man and finally drive him from the State. We feel pursuaded that some speedy and more effectual remedy must be applied or the masses of the loyal men of Northeast Missouri must seek protection and safety for their families in some other and more congenial clime. We present the foregoing facts and ask your due consideration of the same, and that you will, in your judgment, adopt such measures as will in the future guarantee the entire safety of all loyal men.

JOHN P. CLARK,

Clerk Circuit Court.

J. W. DEARING.

J. W. McROBERTS.

W. D. CAMPBELL.

[And forty-four others.]

GENERAL ORDERS, HDQRS. DEPARTMENT OF THE MISSOURI, No. 128. Saint Louis, Mo., July 22, 1864.

Under instructions from the War Department, dated June 10, 1864, a regiment of veteran volunteer cavalry, to be designated the Thirteenth Missouri Volunteer Cavalry, will be organized with as little delay as practicable from the veterans of the Missouri State Militia force, and from such of the non-veterans of that force as choose to re-enlist in the new organization, under the conditions prescribed in the letter of instructions.

The veterans of the Sixth Missouri State Militia Cavalry, now at Benton Barracks, will constitute the nucleus of the new organization. The veterans of all the other regiments of the Missouri State Militia will be at once sent, under commissioned officers detailed by district commanders, to Benton Barracks for organization into companies, after which, should the exigencies of the service permit, all who have not heretofore received it will receive the usual veteran furlough of thirty days.

