
The balance of Company A, First Cavalry Missouri State Militia, at this station, will move, with transportation, camp and garrison equipage, without delay to Camp Brown, and report for orders to Major Henry Neill, commanding. On arriving at Mason's Colonel Philips will move with the escort above detailed to Rowletta, for the purpose of assisting in the organization of citizen guards at that point; thence via Kassil, Freedom Township, La Fayette County, to Camp Brown, and in the absence of further orders will assume command of the battalion of his regiment at section of Battery L, Second Artillery Missouri Volunteers, now under command of Colonel James McFerran, and return to this station. Colonel James McFerran, commanding troops in La Fayette and Saline Counties, will concentrate the battalion of the Seventh Missouri State Militia and section of Battery L, Second Artillery Missouri Volunteers, at Camp Brown as soon as practicable, where they will await the arrival of Colonel Philips.

By order of Brigadier-General Brown:

J. H. STEGER,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

GLASGOW, MO., July 22, 1864-7.15 a.m.

Brigadier General E. B. BROWN,

District of Central Missouri:

I arrived at Arrow Rock at 7.30 last night. Found the three missing soldiers of the First Missouri State Militia here. The rebels were under Todd and Yeager, about 150 strong. Yeager was mortally wounded in the head. They took about 40 horses and $20,000 worth of goods. One woman was wounded by the rebels. Todd left at 11 p.m., taking Yeager in an ambulance, and traveled twenty-two miles that night, camping about seven miles from Miami. No further news here. I leave here immediately for up river.

HENRY SUESS,

Major and Chief of Cavalry.

LEXINGTON, July 22, 1864.

Captain STEGER,

Assistant Adjutant-General:

Todd's force passed west, near Mr. Neill's, this morning, 200 strong. Major Dale is here. I propose to disembark his cavalry and join them with forces from here and Neill's camp, and go in pursuit, also disembark his infantry to protect this town, while the cavalry is above.

JAS McFERRAN,

Colonel, Commanding.

WARRENSBURG, July 22, 1864.

Colonel JAMES McFERRAN,

Lexington:

Send as you propose a heavy scout after Todd. Disembark the infantry and retain the steam-boat for further operations.

E. B. BROWN,

Brigadier-General of Volunteers.

22 R R-VOL XLI, PT II

