
LEXINGTON, July 22, 1864.

Captain J. H. STEGER,

Assistant Adjutant-General, Warrensburg:

Scout west, under command of Captain Burris. All the cavalry in pursuit, except Captain Queen's, here. The Post Boy has about eighty passengers; heavy freight. River falling fast. Suggest the boat go in the morning with Major Dale and infantry, so that Major Suess can get orders to come here. The Fourth Missouri State Militia Cavalry may not return for several days. They can scout to Jefferson or go on first boat.

JAS. McFERRAN,

Colonel, Commanding.

WARRENSBURG, July 22, 1864.

Colonel J. McFERRAN,

Lexington:

On the return of Major Dale order him with detachments of Fourth Cavalry Missouri State Militia and One hundred and thirty-fifth Illinois on board the Post Boy, with orders to return to Jefferson City. Order Major Suess, with the Fanny Ogden, to move up the river to Lexington and report by telegraph for orders.

ROBT. O. RIZER,

Acting Assistant Adjutant-General.

LEXINGTON, July 22, 1864.

Brigadier-General BROWN:

Arrived here at 6 a.m. Were aground fourteen hours and a half eight miles below Kansas City. Have seventy-one horses and twenty footmen on board in addition to the command I had with me. Heard of no enemy above here on the river. Seventy-five guerrillas were seven miles north of Liberty yesterday traveling east.

D. DALE,

Major Four Cavalry Missouri State Militia.

LEXINGTON, July 22, 1864. (Received 3.50 p.m.)

Captain J. H. STEGER,

Assistant Adjutant-General, Warrensburg:

I sent Captain Blair with 100 men toward Boonville yesterday. He reports from Boonville as follows:

Heard of no enemy on the way. Captain Parke says Colonel Yeager's command when last heard from was going toward Cambridge. Guerrillas plenty across the river. Ferry-boat has stopped running.

The operator at Tipton also reports that some more men are reported to have been killed about twelve miles south of Tipton last night. I propose to order Captain Blair with the above-mentioned detachment from Boonville to scout that country unless otherwise ordered.

GEO. H. HALL,

Colonel Fourth Cavalry Missouri State Militia.

