HEADQUARTERS IN FIELD,Liberty, July 22, 1864-2 a.m.

Major-General ROSECRANS:

The people in the country north, east, and west of this place are largely joining Thornton, and his forces are continually increasing. I would respectfully suggest that all the forces in these counties be concentrated and placed under the command of one man, or else that large re-enforcements be sent here immediately. I shall move with my whole command in ten minutes. Please answer immediately. Thornton will probably have by night 1,500 or 2,000 men.

JAS. H. FORD,

Colonel, Commanding.

(Same to Major General S. R. Curtis.)

SAINT LOUIS, MO., July 22, 1864.

Colonel FORD,

Second Colorado Vol. Cav., Liberty, via Kansas City:

It is impossible to give positive orders from the concentration of troops, as you suggest, at present. When detachments of troops, however, come together on duty the senior officer present is obliged to assume command of all. General Fisk and Craig are operating against Thornton with all the troops and county militia they can raise. A battalion of the Seventeenth Illinois Cavalry is coming toward you and will try to effect junction with you. It started from Glasgow two or three days since. In addition a force of some 700 veteran cavalry will move west to-day on Hannibal and Saint Joe Railroad and disembark at Cameron or near there to join in the chase. This force will be under Colonel Catherwood, of the Sixth Missouri State Militia, who is aware of your orders, is perfectly acquainted with the people and country, and will endeavor to join you. I think the arrangements and force are sufficient to end the job soon, and, if done neatly, ought to cause a star or two to fall on somebody. I respectfully call your attention to paragraph 451, Army Regulations, relative to addressing communications intended for the commanding general to the assistant adjutant-general.

O. D. GREENE,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

WARRENSBURG, July 22, 1864.

Colonel J. H. FORD,

Kansas City:

Organize the 500 citizens and send me requisitions for arms.

E. B. BROWN,

Brigadier-General of Volunteers.

WARRENSBURG, July 22, 1864-11.45 a.m.

Colonel FORD,

Kansas City:

Yeager, Todd, and Cockrell, with 200 men, were eight miles south of Lexington, moving west, this morning. A heavy scout has been ordered from Lexington in pursuit. Cross the river with your command now

