
FORT LEAVENWORTH, July 22, 1864.

COMMANDING OFFICER KANSAS CITY, MO.:

Has the Evening Star passed Kansas City yet? If not, instruct he and any other boats coming up not to land on the Missouri shore unless they have troops to protect themselves. Where is the Emilie?

S. R. CURTIS,

Major-General.

SAINT JOSEPH, July 22, 1864.

Major-General ROSECRANS:

In reply to your inquiries last evening am able to give you particulars that I could not on yesterday. One column of Thornton's guerrillas, numbering about 400, under one Thrailkill, approached Plattsburg from the east at 9 a.m. on the 21st. Two companies of Clinton County Enrolled Missouri Militia, numbering about 100 men, under Captains Turney and Poe, held Plattsburg. The guerrilla chief, by the following written communication, sent in by flag to truce, demanded the surrender of the town:

JULY 21, 1864.

COMMANDING OFFICER AT PLATTSBURG:

I hereby demand an immediate surrender of the town. We are not bushwhackers, but Confederate soldiers. Your men will be treated as prisoners of war.

JOHN THRAILKILL,

Major, Commanding Confederate Forces.

The following reply was returned by Captain Poe:

PLATTSBURG, July 21, 1864.

Major JOHN THRAILKILL:

SIR: We are not here for the purpose of surrendering, but to defend the flag of our country.

B. F. POE,

Captain, Commanding Post.

Captain Turney, with a small detachment at the front, opened a vigorous attack upon the enemy and checked his approach to the town. Captain Turney was killed by the first fire from the enemy, and his detachment fell back to the town. Captain Poe rallied his few but brave boys, and with the loyal citizens who had promptly sprung to their arms, determined to hold the post. In the meantime our pursuing force from Livingston County were pressing the rear of the enemy. Captain Poe's vigorous resistance repulsed Thrailkill, compelling him to withdraw his force in the direction of Haynesville, carrying away his dead and wounded. Captain Turney was the only one of our party killed; one of our men was mortally wounded. Thrailkill and Thornton will probably unite this morning, but our force now after them, I trust, will make short work of them. Nearly 1,000 good men are on the chase from this direction. Colonel Ford and Lieutenant-Colonel Draper are moving upon them from Liberty this morning. My minute-men are responding with alacrity, and we shall soon have force enough for the emergency. I shall go into the chase myself as soon as the Iowa and Missouri State Militia troops reach Cameron. I called upon General Curtis for help, but he can do nothing for me. The Indians are threatening his western border, and the general himself has gone west. I shall receive 500 stand of arms from Fort Leavenworth to-night. One thousand five hundred good men have already reported at different points, with their horses, guns, and blankets, in response to my appeal.

CLINTON B. FISK,

Brigadier-General.

