
BRUNSWICK, July 22, 1864.

General FISK:

I moved northward from Glasgow to Keytesville; learned of Thornton being near Carrollton. Moved to Brunswick; found it full of militia expecting to be overwhelmed from Carroll County. Colonel Moberly had destroyed all the boats for twenty-five miles. Supposed Carrollton captured. Cannot spare anybody from here to help us; so it is every-where. The protection of their homes and horse stables is the great idea. My force is 136 and Leonard 70 men. Telegram from Assistant Adjutant-General Greene, Saint Louis, announced Thornton a few miles south of Cameron with 1,500 men. These have been on the back track from Livingston County. I am ordered to move toward Thornton, harass him, join with others named, but not make a full and decisive attack. General, we are poorly armed for this warfare, having no small-arms; cannot obtain them. I leave 6.30. I shall cross the Grand River eighteen miles north of this.

L. C. MATLACK,

Major Seventeenth Illinois Cavalry, Commanding Detachment.

LIBERTY, MO., July 22, 1864-9 a.m.

Brigadier General CLINTON B. FISK,

Saint Joseph:

You dispatch of yesterday just received. I start for Saint Joseph in one hour via Plattsburg. Have been detained by order of Colonel Ford. In my opinion it is now very necessary that the whole force at Colonel Ford's disposal should be kept together. Thornton is moving east, in my opinion, and should be pursued by the whole force, as he is constantly being re-enforced. I think the force between this point and Saint Joseph is inconsiderable, excepting directly north of this point near Plattsburg.

DAN. M. DRAPER,

Lieutenant-Colonel Ninth Cavalry Missouri State Militia.

PALMYRA, July 22, 1864.

General FISK:

Bushwhackers to the number of thirty in northwest part of Marion. Several best Union men from Marion Township are refugees in Hannibal. Houses were visited for the professed purpose of killing them. We want orders to disarm disloyal men everywhere in our region. Ten good men in Warner Township are ready to take the brush and fight the devil with fire. What shall be done?

J. T. K. HAYWARD.

PALMYRA, July 22, 1864.

General C. B. FISK:

We have reliable information of the presence of guerrillas in the northwestern part of this county, whose numbers are variously estimated from 100 to 500. We have no Government arms and a very inadequate supply of private arms. Such as we have, the people of this city, under a voluntary organization for home defense, will use as best they can until furnished with better. Can't you send or appoint

