
generally, I am unable to report any progress in the investigations required by the major-general commanding. I shall proceed with the enjoined caution and hope at no distant day to be able to transmit a satisfactory report.

I have the honor to be, your very obedient servant,

JOHN COOK,

Brigadier-General, U. S. Volunteers.
HDQRS. MILITARY DIVISION OF WEST MISSISSIPPI,New Orleans, July 23, 1864.

Brevet Brigadier-General BAILEY,

Commanding Engineer Brigade, Vicksburg, Miss.:

GENERAL: The major-general commanding directs that you embark with your command on the first transportation that can be procured for Morganza, La., and report on arrival there to the commanding general. You will apply for transportation to the depot quartermaster at Vicksburg, who is authorized, in case sufficient transportation is not on hand at the moment, to seize for that purpose any steamers passing down the river, and, if necessary, andy steamers coming from below. You will please to comply with this order with the utmost dispatch unless you have previously received orders from General Gordon to join his forces at the White river, in which case his order takes the precedence.

Very respectfully, &amp;c.,

C. T. CHRISTENSEN,

Major and Assistant Adjutant-General.

(Copy to Generals Slocum and Gordon.)
HEADQUARTERS ENGINEER BRIGADE,Vicksburg, Miss., July 23, 1864.

Major C. T. CHRISTENSEN,

Asst. Adjt. General, Military Division of West Mississippi:

I transmit herewith a copy of letter received from General Gordon and copy of communication sent by me to General Lawler last evening on Gray Eagle. Two steamers reported here early yesterday morning, but were seized by the master of transportation, Captain Rusch, assistant quartermaster. The matter was not arranged until afternoon, and the capacity of the boat being insufficient, the steamer Cheek was assigned to me. During the evening that steamer was taken away by the quartermaster, and the steamer Clara Bell assigned to me, but at 12 m. to-day had not reported. Through these delays my departure, which should have taken place twenty-four hours ago, has been prevented.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

J. BAILEY,

Brevet Brigadier-General, Commanding.

