HEADQUARTERS U. S. FORCES,Morganza, La., July 3, 1864.

Major WILLIAM M. LEVY,

C. S. Army:

MAJOR: I have the honor to accredit to you under a flag of truce Captain [F. M. Ives], of the Volunteers, U. S. Army, and escort, one squadron of cavalry, for the purpose of inquiring whether the prisoners of war agreed upon for exchange with Major-General Taylor, of the Confederate Army, are yet on their route for that purpose from Tyler, Tex., to Red River Landing, and further to inquire when these prisoners may be expected to arrive there, if already an route, or otherwise? Be pleased to communicate to me, at your earliest convenience, such information as you may have in relation to the subject-matter of my inquiries by flag of truce.

I am, major, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

B. S. ROBERTS,

Brigadier-General, Commanding.
HEADQUARTERS NINETEENTH ARMY CORPS,Morganza, La., July 3, 1864.

Brigadier-General LAWLER,

Commanding Third Division, Nineteenth Army Corps:

GENERAL: The general commanding directs that as soon as the Second Division moves you move your remaining brigade to the camp vacated by it, the right resting opposite the tree next below these headquarters. Your left regiment will encamp below the following batteries, which are directed to encamp between it and the remainder of that brigade, viz, Seventh Massachusetts Battery, Twenty-sixth New York Battery, Twenty-first New York Battery. The First Vermont Battery will continue to occupy its present camp.

I am, sir, respectfully,

FREDERIC SPEED,

Assistant Adjutant-General.
SPECIAL ORDERS, HEADQUARTERS U. S. FORCES, Numbers 5. In the Field, Morganza, La., July 3, 1864.

* * * * *

II. In the expedition now embarking the allowance of horses to be transported for officers of the command will not exceed two for each division or brigade commander, and one for each and every other officer entitled to be mounted. All means of transportation will be turned over to the quartermaster's department in New Orleans or at Morganza before embarking. Commanders of divisions and brigades will not be permitted to take with them cavalrymen as orderlies. All details of cavalry now on duty will be sent without delay to the cavalry deport in New Orleans for return to their regiments.

* * * * *

By command of Major General J. J. Reynolds:

JOHN LEVERING,Major and Assistant Adjutant-General.

