
[Inclosure No. 1.]
HEADQUARTERS U. S. FORCES,White River, July 20, 1864.

[Brigadier General J. BAILEY:]

GENERAL: I am instructed by Brigadier-General Gordon, commanding the forces at this point, to direct you to embark your brigade as soon as possible on transports and report with it to him at this point in conformity with instructions from Major-General Canby, furnished you by Captain Gray, aide-de-camp. The general commanding further directs that you send to Morganza for the battery which has been placed under his orders and direct it also to report here. The transports Universe and Kate Dale are ordered to report to you, but, if possible, you will procure light-draught boats, suitable for the navigation of the White River, boats drawing three feet to three and one-half feet light and four feet to four and one-half feet loaded; and you will bring with you enough ammunition to make 250 rounds per man, also the necessary amount for the battery, and surplus if possible. You will bring ten days' rations and forage for animals.

I am, general, with great respect, your obedient servant,

H. B. SCOTT,

Captain and Assistant Adjutant-General.

[Inclosure No. 2.]
HEADQUARTERS ENGINEER BRIGADE,Vicksburg, Miss., July 22, 1864.

Brigadier-General LAWLER,

Commanding U. S. Forces at Morganza:

General Gordon, commanding forces at White River, directs that the battery awaiting his orders at Morganza be ordered to join him at White River without delay, with ten days' rations and forage and full supply of ammunition. I inclose herewith a copy of the order.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

J. BAILEY,

Brevet Brigadier-General, Commanding.
HEADQUARTERS DEPARTMENT OF THE GULF,New Orleans, July 23, 1864.

Major General E. R. S. CANBY,

Commanding Military Division of West Mississippi:

GENERAL: I am satisfied from general rather than specific information that a movement of the enemy is likely to be made against New Orleans within the next month. The general movements of the enemy elsewhere naturally suggest a campaign of this character. There is no point on the Mississippi River north or south with offers to them so many advantages as New Orleans. It will probably assume the character of a raid destined for points upon the west bank of the Mississippi from Morganza to Algiers. The object of the enemy will be to destroy plantations, gather horses and mules, abduct the negroes, and lay waste the country occupied by loyal people. A successful interference with the election which is likely to take place on the 1st of September offers a sufficient inducement for such a movement if there were no

