
sent forward by schooners to New Orleans. Refugees to the number of 250 have also been sent by these schooners, there being no way of keeping them at Brazos. The sick (200) and a number of ladies start this morning on the Alliance and Highlander. I will move the command to White Ranch on the river below and nine miles from Brazos, where they can camp until transportation arrives. I have at present sufficient to carry ne regiment, and will start it in two days. The works at Brazos will be completed in one week, when I shall be ready to go forward myself. Brownsville has been entirely evacuated by the citizens, not a single family remaining.

F. J. HERRON,

Major- General.
HEADQUARTERS U. S. FORCES,Morganza, La., July 23, 1864.

Captain FARRINGTON,

Aide- de- Camp, General Reynolds' Headquarters:

Colonel Crebs, who was at Willimsport yesterday, reports:

Mr. Patrick, living on Old River, told me to- day that the rebels had 20,000 men on the opposite side of the Atchafalaya, under command of General Walker; that their army was in every way well appointed. All statements made by him to me heretofore I have found correct. he is a large planter and a respectable men, and believes his statement as above true.

]The Nebraska has just arrived with exchanged prisoners. Lieutenant- Colonel Cowan, Nineteenth Kentucky, says there is no doubt but that the enemy are moving toward the Atchafalaya, and that they can bring 25,000 men if they wish. The colonel of the Twentieth Iowa confirms his report and says that the are mustering and sending into the field every available man. Magruder,it is reported,is to command. All the indications are that they are actually on the move; against what point is not yet determined. If here, I should have at least another brigade. I should then feel secure.

M. K. LAWLER,

Brigadier- General, Commanding.

MORGANZA, July 23, 1864.

(Received 12.30 p. m.)

Major DRAKE,

Assistant Adjutant- General:

I am holding the Ninetieth and Ninety- ninth U. S. Colored Infantry here until I can get answer to y dispatch of yesterday. The reports in reference to the movements of the enemy is an additional reason why they should be retained for the present.

M. K. LAWLER,

Brigadier- General.

NEW ORLEANS, July 23, 1864- 12 m.

General LAWLER, Morganza, La.:

Your telegram received. According to our information your accounts magnify the rebel force, but it is well to be ready for the worst. Will telegraph your again this p. m.

J. J. REYNOLDS,

Major- General.

23 R R- VOL XLI, PT II

