
DEVALL'S BLUFF, July 23, 1864.

Captain C. H. DYER, Assistant Adjutant- General, Little Rock, Ark.:

Captain Charles A. Williams, Eleventh missouri Cavalry, has returned from scout to West Point; was there at daylight yesterday morning; no enemy thee, but indications of some force on north side of Little Red River; Shelby's headquarters reported to be twenty- nine miles above, at Sugar Loaf Springs. Captain W. destroyed a ferry and two small boats at West Point. He did not think it prudent to go farther. He thinks Shelby's main force still at Jacksonport. Artillery can ford at Foster's (though no road), six miles above mouth of Bayou Des Arc. He found that news of the approach of scout preceded his arrival at West Point several hours, and had been sent to Sugar Loaf Springs. He had 106 men. Captain Goodykoontz, Eighth Missouri Cavalry, returned this p. m. with scout of fifty men from five miles beyond Crockett's Bluff. no rebel force in that neighborhood. He reports that Fagan is at Monticello; also that there are about 500 of the enemy lying between the Arkansas and Bayou Metoe.

C. C. ANDREWS,

Brigadier- General, Commanding.

DEVALL'S BLUFF, July 23, 1864.

Captain C. H. DYER,

Little Rock:

I learn that Colonel Alexander, Fagan's chief of staff, passed Crockett's Bluff last Thursday week in disguise, on his way to Shelby, and said he would return in about then days. His family is in Saint Francois County. He stated that Cabell was then near Tom Smith's farm, thirty miles below Pine Bluff. It appears that Fagan has fallen back to Monticello, and it is believed Marmaduke's forces are on Red Fork. Marmaduke himself has gone to Texas and Greene is in command. It is reported that Marmaduke's and Shelby's fores intend to attack this place. Dobbin is east of White River with from 300 to 500 men, and has his headquarters near Doctor Green's, about ten mils from Clarendon. A spy who had been in Pine Bluff reported there were 2,000 troops there, and that 500 of them would soon be mustered out of the service. A Captain Bateman, of Cabell's brigade, had been at Jacksonport and said Shelby had 6,000 men, half of whom were mounted.

C. C. ANDREWS,

Brigadier- General.

LITTLE ROCK, July 23, 1864.

Colonel P. CLAYTON,

Commanding Pine Bluff:

What news! My scouts report that Price has crossed Ouachita with the rest of his troops and was encamped eight miles this side of Camden with about 8,000 men. The scouts, seven or eight, live on the Saline. They drove in Price's pickets, and the whole command, while the rebels were looking for them at the front, got around to their rear and went within two miles of Camden. They believe that Price's objective point is Pine Bluff. Perhaps they think we are all going to Grant or Sherman, and they want to be on and to help us evacuate.

