
Find a good place to rout them and I will send you re- enforcements. Major Scudder and his men will return to Pine Bluff on a boat which will be loaded with corn for you. Colonel Jenkins has gone to Kansas to be mustered out. Did he telegraph to you about sending up a young man with that race horse which is for sale, the owner being about to go North! Please let me know what he asks for the horse. I sent a dispatch to the President on the subject of your promotion.

F. STEELE,

Major- General.

PINE BLUFF, ARK., July 23, 1864- 8 p. m.

Major- General STEELE:

In a conversation with Mrs. Roane she stated that when she was coming from Texas to this place she passed troops nearly every day, marching from Red River toward Camden. She says that she believes that Walker's division and McCulloch's conscripts will be the only troops left on Red River; that the balance are coming this way. I have sent out a scout with instructions to strike the Saline near Mahoney's Ferry; to move down the Saline to Warren and circle in the rear of Monticello, returning to Pine Bluff along Bayou Bartholomew. If the enemy has crossed any force over the Saline in this direction, or in the direction of Arkansas River below us, they will certainly cross their trail and obtain some information that we can rely upon. In a dispatch sent about twelve days ago I stated that my scouts had reported Cabell as having crossed the Arkansas River; that information is incorrect; he is still upon this side. Some of Marmaduke's had crossed, but have since returned. There are three brigades of rebel cavalry encamped between Richland (a point on this side the river about fifteen miles below) and South Bend. I am inclined to think that they are thee more for the purpose of foraging than anything else. Marmaduke is reported in the vicinity of Red Fork, probably for the same purpose. I feel under renewed obligations to you for your kind recommendations to the President. Colonel Jenkins did not telegraph me in reference to the horse. I will inquire into the matter and inform you of the result to morrow.

POWELL CLAYTON,

Colonel, Commanding.

LEWISBURG, July 23, 1864.

Captain C. H. DYER,

Assistant Adjutant- Genera;L

Captain Hinkle,in from scout to Bayou Des Are, near Searcy, Red River, &amp;c., reports Shelby at Jacksonport, where he is to concentrate on the 26th instant to attack the railroad or Little Rock on the north, while Price is to operate on the south. Reports portion of McCray's forces gone to the Mississippi for arms. Shelby's spies run from Batesville to Peach Orchard Gap. The principal between these points is a c ripple driver in a buggy, thence to Little Rock by females. At the Rock a man named Hartwell Peck sends by the women all the information, caps, and other little items that they need.

Respectfully,

A. H. RYAN,

Colonel, &c.

