HDQRS. MILITARY DIVISION OF WEST MISSISSIPPI,New Orleans, July 23, 1864.

Major General H. W. SLOCUM,

Commanding District of Vicksburg, Vicksburg, Miss.:

GENERAL: I am instructed by the major- general commanding to request that you will be pleased to send to Moganza the 2,000 white infantry mentioned in your communication of the 16th instant. It is desired that they be sent as soon as possible, and if sufficient transportation is not at hand at Vicksburg you are authorized to impress for this purpose any steamers passing down the river, and if necessary those coming from below.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

C. T. CHRISTENSEN,

Major and Assistant Adjutant- General.

WASHINGTON, D. C., July 23, 1864.

Major- General ROSECRANS:

The Secretary of War directs me to inform you that you are authorized to call ut and arm for service, for such period ass in your opinion the exigency may require, such force of volunteers in your department as amy be deemed necessary for its security and for the protection of the depots, prisons, and public property therein, reporting to the Adjutant- General a copy of such call, and making upon the proper bureaus requisitions for arms and supplies. The 5,000 complete sets of cavalry arms and horse equipments, stated in your telegram of yesterday to be needed,have been orders to be forwarded immediately for issue upon your requisition. In respect to the arms which you say are defective and have been thrice condemned, your telegram is the first information of the fact that has reached the Secretary, and you will please forward a copy of any report, telegram, or communication which you have heretofore made on the subject,if there has been any,in order that the matter amy be inquired into. You should make requisitions for whatever supplies your need upon the proper bureau, and report to the Adjutant-General any delay or neglect in answering your requisitions. The Secretary further directs me to say that there are not any troops at the disposal of the Department that can be sent you from abroad, and that if there were any they would be sent. He directs that you communicate to Major- General Canby, commanding the division to which your department belongs, the military condition and necessity of your department, in order that he may render you any aid and supply any force that may be in his power.

E. D. TOWNSEND,

Assistant Adjutant- General.
SPECIAL ORDERS, HDQRS. DEPARTMENT OF THE MISSOURI,Numbers 202. Saint Louis, Mo., July 23, 1864.

* * * * * * *

II. The detachment of the First Iowa Cavalry, now at Mexico, Mo.,

will proceed without delay to Macon City, Mo., to join at that point the expedition under command of Colonel E. C. Catherwood, Sixth Missouri State Militia Cavalry.

