
III. In compliance with Special Orders, Numbers 126, from the Adjutant- General of the Army, dated Louisville, Ky., July 16, 1864, Brigadier General Thomas Ewing, jr., commanding Saint Louis District, will relieve Brigadier General W. A. Pile, U. S. Colored Troops, as superintendent of the organization of colored troops in missouri. Brigadier-General Pile,on being relieved, will report for duty to Major General E. R. S. Canby, commanding Military Division of West mississippi.

* * * * * * *

By command of Major- General Rosecrans:

FRANK ENO,

Assistant Adjutant- General.

PILOT KNOB, July 23, 1864.

Colonel JOHN F. TYLER,

Potosi, Mo.:

I have just returned from the West Fork of Black River, where the jayhawkers crossed yesterday morning at 3 o'clock. major Montgomery is on the right trail now, and crossed the same place about five hours afterward. He is pretty close after them. It was no use for me to proceed any farther,as I could not take any road to get in ahead of them, consequently I returned to this post. I am pretty sure Major Montgomery will get hold of some of them, as there is no doubt they have pretty much scattered.

KALLMAN.

SAINT LOUIS, MO., July 23, 1864.

General BROWN,

Warrensburg, Mo.:

Ford is actively pursuing Thornton, and command the most important of several bodies of troops engaged in the chase. He cannot possibly be spared on a contingency from his present work.

O. D. GREENE,

Assistant 	Adjutant- General.

WARRENSBURG, July 23, 1864.

Major O. D. GREENE,

Assistant Adjutant- General, Saint Louis:

Todd's guerrillas scattered in the Sni Hills in bands numbering from fifteen to twenty- five. Thornton was above Lexington, within three miles of the Missouri, yesterday noon. It is reported that he will cross the river between Sibley and Napoleon. The Fanny Ogden is on the way up the river from Glasgow. I have ordered her up the river to prevent a crossing of Thornton's forces and to ferry Ford's command if he arrives on the banks in pursuit and Thornton should make a crossing. If Thornton should cross the river and unite the different bands of Todd, he will be strong enough to make a raid on many of the border towns. Colonel McFerran's cavalry are still in pursuit.

E. B. BROWN,

Brigadier-General.

