
mutiny would not have been witnessed. What complaint I made, and it was little, was not that discipline was enforced, but that there was strong evidence of a want of all discipline. You may rest assured that you will be sustained and backed in all your efforts to enforce discipline and order in your command and among the people in your section.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

JOHN B. SANDBORN,

Brigadier- General, Commanding.

SAINT JOSEPH, July 23, 1864.

Colonel O. D. GREENE,

Assistant Adjutant- General:

I have nothing definite from the guerrillas and the pursuing force this morning. I fear that Thornton's horde will break up into small parties as we press them. Major S. P. Cox, commanding the volunteers from Daviess County, fell upon a party of bushwhackers near Camden Point at 2 o'clock this morning and mustered out seven of the villains. We lost 1 man killed, 3 wounded. Our force will son be large enough to make a regular fox hunt after the rascals. The troops from Saint Louis were slow in leaving Macon; they will reach Cameron to- night. I shall give Colonels Catherwood and Caldwell each a few companies of volunteers to mix with their veterans. In this way I hope to check the irregularities incident to moving so many militia through the country. Deserters from Thornton report that the young men of Platte, Clay, Ray, and Carroll are very generally flicking to Thornton with horses, arms, and ammunition. Is General Brown watching the crossings of the Missouri!

CLINTON B. FISK.

SAINT LOUIS, MO., July 23, 1864.

General FISK,

Saint Joseph, Mo.:

General Brown is watching all he crossings of the Missouri to as great an extent as the force at his command will permit. There are tow steam- boats patrolling the river, armed, and with troops aboard on the same duty. General Pleasonton left this morning for Warrensburg t relieve General Brown temporarily. I suggest your free communication to him of any news of rebel movements which furnish him data whereon to order his dispositions for co- operation with you.

O. D. GREENE,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

SAINT JOSEPH, July 23, 1864.

Colonel O. D. GREENE:

Dispatches from Palmyra indicate an outbreak in that section similar to the Thornton movement in Platte. I have directed General Douglass to order out the necessary force, but I learn from Sturgeon that the general is at Columbia in a state of siege, holding the court- house with a few soldiers and citizens, while the rebels hold Boone County. I have ordered Captain Smith, at Sturgeon, to raise the seige at Columbia forthwith. I am organizing companies at Palmyra and Hannibal to- day. I have arms and ammunition on the way to them. Colonel J. T. K. Hayward,

