
Enrolled Missouri Militia, Hannibal, will direct the militia movements in that quarter until General Douglass can reach his headquarters. The volunteers are rolling into Saint Joseph and Chillicothe by the hundred. Old men with their squirrel rifles, bullet molds, powder horns, blankets, and horses are reporting singly and by dozens to join in the bushwhack hunt. I have received 500 stand of arms from General Cutis this morning.

CLINTON B. FISK,

Brigadier- General.

SAINT JOSEPH, MO., July 23, 1864.

Colonel O. D. GREENE,

Assistant Adjutant- General:

I have the honor to earnestly recommend that the proper authority be immediately obtained to raise four six- months' regiments of U. S. volunteers in this district. We shall need them, and it is an admirable time to inaugurate the movement, while I have the volunteers out on this bushwhack hunt. Please press this proposition upon the general commanding and the State authorities. We ought not to ask Missouri militia to serve longer without pay, and the State should receive National protection. By doing away with the militia service we will at once remove a fruitful source of quarrel and irritation. If thought best at department headquarters I will urge this measure in a communication to the President and Secretary of War, with whom I am persuaded I have some influence.

CLINTON B. FISK.

SAINT JOSEPH, July 23, 1864.

General JOHN B. FISK,

Adjutant- General, Saint Louis:

I learn that General Douglass is at Columbia, in a state of siege. I have ordered a force to his relief. In the meantime there are indications of serious trouble near Palmyra, and I have directed Colonel J. T. K. Hayward, Thirty- eight Regiment Enrolled Missouri militia, to promptly call out such force as the emergency requires,a nd direct movements until General Douglass can reach his headquarters to give the proper orders.

CLINTON B. FISK,

Brigadier-General.

SAINT LOUIS, MO., July 23, 1864.

Colonel CATHERWOOD,

Commanding Expedition, on train en route west from Macon City:

I have opened dispatches this morning bringing news from all the different commands after Thornton except Ford,whom I suppose is by this time actively engaged. A force of five companies moved south from Chillicothe yesterday. Troops and militia are moving in on Mr. Thornton in such numbers and on every road that he must be met with by somebody. Fighting is the next thing in order,and the work will be finished soon. Thornton was at Mandeville yesterday in person with 500 men.

O. D. GREENE,

Assistant Adjutant- General.

