
SAINT JOSEPH, July 23, 1864.

Major L. C. MATLACK,

CHILLICOTHE:

You will move with your command at daylight to- morrow morning and make such depositions of your force as to scout the whole country between the Hannibal and Saint Joseph Railroad and the Missouri River west of Grand River. Your detachments can march within co- operating distance. My plan is to scour the whole country through and kill every guerrilla you can find. A similar force to yours will move easterly from Buchanan and Platte Counties,and another southerly from Cameron. We must go hunt the rascals out of their hiding- places. You will of cause have discretion to change this order of operations if by so doing you can find and fight the villains. Let the best of order by maintained. Do not permit any vandalism. Hold your men well in hand, and you can govern them, for never better or truer men came forth to fight in a holy cause then the brave boys who join your under Colonel Shanklin. I know they will do right, and as to the Seventeenth Illinois and the Ninth missouri State Militia I am sure their of reputation will not be injured in this campaign. I am particular in charging you with extraordinary execution as to the discipline and conduct of your command from the fact that there is much of uneasiness in the community for fear my volunteers will be guilty of vandalism in their march. I have no such fears and I don't want the boys to disappoint me. Make frequent reports by sending messages to the different telegraphic stations on the railroad. Lieutenant-Colonel Swain can furnish you guides and information. You will go light and subsist on the country, giving receipts in due form for subsistence and forage. Lieutenant-Colonel Swain might send you a load of rations to Keytesville, or other point if he thinks best; I leave that for you and him to decide. If you strike the enemy follow him day and night. Let us make short work of this campaign. You will unite your column. Order any militia companies you may find in active service, if thy can be spared from garrison duty. Lieutenant-Colonel Hynes has arrived and his men take the field to- night.

CLINTON B. FISK,

Brigadier-General.

SAINT JOSEPH, July 23, 1864.

Colonel J. T. K. HAYWARD,

Thirty- eighth Enrolled Missouri Mil,. Hannibal:

You will order out such militia and direct such movements as the emergency in Northeast Missouri may require. General Douglass is at Columbia in a state of siege; rebels all around him. He can't reach you with orders. In the meantime report directly to me.

CLINTON B. FISK,

Brigadier- General.

SAINT LOUIS, MO., July 23, 1864.

OPERATOR AT STURGEON:

Some five days ago a battalion of Third Missouri State Militia Cavalry was ordered to Sturgeon from jefferson City via Columbia. If you can find any citizen public spirited and patriotic enough to take this dispatch post haste to Major Bartlett, commanding the battalion, he will

