
secure the safety of your town and destroy the bushwhackers' gang. Major Bartlett must be either at Columbia or between the re and Sturgeon. Cannot your citizens organize! We have no other troops to send your than Major Bartlett's command.

O. D. GREENE,

Assistant Adjutant- General.

STURGEON, MO., July 23, 1864.

Colonel O. D. GREENE,

Assistant Adjutant- General:

Major Bartlett is in Columbia. He is more needed there than here. There are parts of two companies of the Ninth Cavalry Missouri State Militia at this point, a sufficient force to protect it, but not enough to do much scouting. I can send a messenger for Major Bartlett if desired.

J. G. BENTON,

Operator.

ALLEN, MO., July 23, 1864.

Major-General ROSECRANS:

By request of Major George H. Smith I send you the following report: About forty soldiers here, under command of Lieutenant Knapp, were attacked to- day about 12 o'clock by about sixty- five guerrillas under Bill Anderson. The soldiers fought them for abut an hour, when we were re- enforced by soldiers from Macon, which were telegraphed for when the fight commenced. Lieutenant Knapp had about 20 horses killed and captured and 1 man was wounded. We have fund one disabled bushwhacker, and they were said to have carried away eight more. I have been credibly informed they said myself and one other man in the place would be killed as soon as they could get hold of us. I have been warned several times that I had better leave,and as the troops are all leaving to- night I do not dare to remain, and will close the officer and leave this p. . I have the authority of my superintendent for doing so. If a guard can be sent here I will take my gun and fight with them in case of an attack, abut cannot remain here entirely at the mercy of such villains. I will report to Major Smith for orders to- morrow morning.

CHAS. E. DWYER,

Military Telegraph Operator.

STURGEON, MO., July 23, 1864.

General ROSECRANS:

A party of bushwhackers, about forty in number, entered Renick this morning, robbing the stores, setting fire to depot, and tearing down the telegraph line; from that point they proceeded to Allen, leaving word at Renick that they should take the train which was due about 12 o'clock. The train went within three miles of Allen was stopped by some women, who confirmed the statement of the intentions of the rebels. The conductor came back to Sturgeon and procured a guard of soldiers and has gone on. I expect to get telegraph line up soon.

GEORGE H. SMITH,

Captain and Assistant Quartermaster.

