
SAINT LOUIS, MO., July 23, 1864.

Major BARTLETT,

Columbia, Mo.:

What is the condition of your vicinity! Can you not bring away General Douglass! Go to Sturgeon and Renick and scout the guerrillas from the North Missouri Railroad, and keep open communication with these headquarters and with General Fisk; let me hear from you daily,if possible, giving full information of all that concerns us.

W. S. ROSECRANS,

Major- General.

GLASGOW. July 23, 1864.

Lieutenant Colonel A. F. DENNY,

Sturgeon, Mo.:

I sent forty men last night to meet the guns at Allen this morning, as you directed. They waited till noon and were attacked and lost eighteen horses. I don't know how they can stay there or get away without help. Have concluded to hold Allen till morning, and will then determine what to do. I cannot send any more force at present.

CHAS. A. McNAIR,

Major.

TIPTON, MO., July 23, 1864.

Major- General ROSECRANS:

Last night a men named Siceloff was shot by bushwhackers about five miles from Boonville; he was riding on the box with driver of stage going to Boonville. Will give you what information I can gather when I return.

Yours, respectfully,

CHARLES E. PROVOST,

U. S. Military Telegraph.
HEADQUARTERS DEPARTMENT OF KANSAS,In the Field, Fort Riley, July 23, 1864.

Major General H. W. HALLECK,

Washington:

The Indian difficulties west of this point are serious,and I have come here to rally a force on the border fifty miles west of Salina for the purpose of suppressing the mischief. The stages not coming through we have not definite intelligence. We only know they have run off our stock from Larned and Walnut Creek, murdering some men,and small parties of Indians have come within thirty miles of the place. I have ordered the quartermaster at this post to buy horses to mount dismounted cavalry, and requested militia colonels to call out 700 militia to join me. In this way I hope to raise 1,000 men. I go over to Salina to- morrow. I think stealing stock is the main object of the Indians.

S. R. CUTIS,

Major- General.

