HEADQUARTERS DEPARTMENT OF KANSAS,In the Field, Fort Riley, July 23, 1864.

Major C. S. CHARLOT,

Fort Leavenworth:

Issue order creating District of upper Arkansas, bonded as follows: North by the second standard parallel as laid down on Gunn &amp; Mitchell's new map of Kansas; east by guide meridian east; south by the Indian Territory; and west by a meridian including Fort Lyon. Assign General Blunt to the command. I get nothing very definite from the west. The stage due yesterday has not arrived. I am collecting forces, militia and volunteers, at Salina to act further in opening the way and suppressing difficulties. Tell General Drake to send this 100- days' men back to Council Grove as soon as they are mustered and equipped. All well.

S. R. CUTIS,

Major- General.

SPECIAL FIELD ORDERS, FORT RILEY, July 23, 1864.

Numbers 1.
I. Captain Dodge, Ninth Wisconsin Battery, commanding at Council Grove, will send one piece of artillery, and sufficient men to use it, in command of a lieutenant, and also all the well men of Captain Booth's cavalry, by the shortest and best route to Salina, where I will hope to meet them tomorrow night. See that ammunition and rations in haversacks be supplied. Keep remaining troops and militia on the alert and send me your latest news of Indian troubles at Larned.

II. Lieutenant James R. McClure, quartermaster at Fort Riley, Kans., will immediately purchase a sufficient number of horses to mount all the available troops at that post that are without horses; the amount to be paid for such horses not to exceed form $145 to $150 per head.

III. The acting commissary of subsistence at Fort Riley will issue rations to the militia actually on duty, passing this post for the purpose of suppressing the Indian troubles at Salina and Larned.

IV. The commanding officer at Fort Riley will issue to Captain Booth, Company L, Eleventh Kansas Volunteer Cavalry, what ordnance and ordnance stores he may require for his command and take his official receipt for the same.

S. R. CUTIS,

Major- General.

PAOLA, July 23, 1864.

Major CHARLOT:

I have not sent troops into Missouri yet, as I had information leading me to suppose that the movement reported by General Brown was intended to draw our course toward Kansas City, while thy should assail some other points. I think if a few companies could be sent by steamer from Leavenworth to Kansas City, and afterward to join our forces if necessary at Oxford,it would be a good move. I cannot get much information from the commands east of us, and that not always reliable.

THO. J. McKEAN,

Brigadier-General.

24 R R- VOL XLI, PT II

