
PAOLA, July 23, 1864.

Lieutenant Colonel G. H. HOYT,

Olathe:

The following is just reported as the disposition of troops in Missouri east of you; Forty mounted and forty dismounted, at Pleasant Hill; fifty dismounted, at Hickman Mills; thirty dismounted, at Independence; eighty mounted and sixty- four dismounted at Kansas City.

GEO. S. HAMPTON,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

WESTON, MO., July 23, 1864.

Brigadier-General DAVIES,

Fort Leavenworth, Kans.:

Major Cox had a fight with the rebels at union Mills yesterday; killed 2 and wounded 7. Our loss, 1 killed, 3 wounded. Rebels numbered 180, and are concentrating again at Skinner's Mills.

JOHN TUNISON,

Major 138th Illinois.

JULESBURG, July 23, 1864.

Major-General CUTIS:

All my cavalry, mounted and dismounted, are in the field, except part of one company. From information gained from what I consider a reliable source there are within seventy miles of Fort Laramie 1,000 lodges of Missourias and Sioux, all hostile. I will go to Laramie as fast as possible and make the very best position possible.

ROBT. B. MITCHELL.

DISTRICT OF LA FOURCHE, July 24, 1864.

Captain O. MATTHEWS,

Assistant Adjutant-General, Defenses of New Orleans:

Pursuant to orders received from the general commanding the Defenses of New Orleans, I send you to- day by a special messenger a statement of the position of the troops in this district: The Ninety- third [U. S. Colored Troops] are in the fort on the opposite side of the bayou, while we can re- enforce them by troops from this side or withdraw them to this side if the enemy should move down in such force as to make it advisable. The Eleventh Wisconsin, three companies of the Thirty- third Illinois, the Twenty- fifth New York Battery,and one company of the First Indiana Heavy Artillery, constitute the reserve at Brashear, with three companies of the Eighteenth New York Cavalry for outpost and scouting duty. The remaining seven companies of the Thirty- third Illinois are detailed at the most exposed points along the railroad, with headquarters at Terre Bonne, where there is a telegraph office. Here also is one company of the Eighteenth new York Cavalry; at Donaldsonville there are the Twenty- sixth Indiana Infantry, the First Louisiana Infantry, and three companies of the Twelfth Illinois Cavalry.

