
to our lines. He also reports about 400 rebels stationed at Princeton guarding a large quantity of corn stored at that place. I have allowed the man to proceed to town.

Respectfully, lieutenant, your obedient servant,

T. G. BLACK,

Lieutenant-Colonel, Commanding.

LEWISBURG, July 24, 1864- 10 a. m.

Captain C. H. DYER,

Assistant Adjutant-General:

Lieutenant Reynolds,in from scout to eight miles beyond Cap Myrick, reports that all the citizens have been forced into the service. Many had gone down to operate on the railroad and had orders from Shelby to cut off all supplies to Little Rock I forgot to report to- day that our scouts had killed 10 of Jackman's and Shelby's men. Reynolds brought in 3 prisoners.

Respectfully,

A. H. RYAN,

Colonel.

CAIRO, ILL, July 24, 1864.

Major-General ROSECRANS:

I left your headquarters 7th of May to pass through to rebel lines. This is first opportunity of reporting to you or Major-General Steele. On 10th of this month General Price started 7,000 cavalry under Marmaduke and Fagan. Two thousand infantry of Major-General Parsons' command guarding train crossed forty- five miles above Little Rock on 11th. Recommended to you by Governor Yates,of Illinois, Treasurer, Lieutenant-Governor, &amp;c.

W. L. PARKER.

PILOT KNOB, July 24, 1864.

Brigadier-General EWING:

I am daily in receipt of reports that Freeman is in Lawrence County, Ark., conscripting in Missouri and in Arkansas. He has about 1,500 men, and only about 200 of them armed. Nearly if not quite all of Shelby's force are west of Black River. Captain Leeper thinks that 200 men could scatter, and probably break up Freeman's command.

J. F. TYLER,

Colonel, Commanding.
HEADQUARTERS,Salem, Mo., July 24, 1864.

Major J. RAINSFORD,

Assistant Adjutant- General:

SIR; From deserters and scouts I learn the following information of the rebels in North Arkansas: In Fulton County, some twenty miles from Jacksonport, Colonel Tom Freeman is raising some men by conscripting. He has some 1,500 men; some 600 armed,a the remainder not armed; all badly clothed with country- made, except about 400, who

