
are dressed in Federal clothing. They have conscripted as far as Thomasville, in Oregon County, Mo., and gathered up all the wheat and cattle in the country, and every man who refuses to be conscripted is shot. Shelby is near Jacksonport, Ark., with some 2,500 men, four pieces artillery. From the best information I can get they aim to make a raid into Missouri. Those two deserters who came in to- day are just from Hookrum, Fulton County, Ark.; belong to Freeman's brigade; were conscripted on the 2nd day of July. They deserted on the 20th of July, 1864. I think the information correct. Crops are favorable in North Arkansas.

Respectfully, your obedient servant,

L. E. WHYBARK,

Captain and Assistant Signal Officer.

[Indorsement.]
HEADQUARTERS DISTRICT OF ROLLA,Rolla, July 27, 1864.

Respectfully forwarded to the major-general commanding for his information.

I am satisfied that the statement within is in the main correct, as it is fully corroborated by information obtained from the reliable sources. Jacksonport, Shelby's headquarters, is 175 miles from this post, and seventy- five mules from Little Rock. I suppose General Steele is advised of his presence there. My opinion is that Shelby contemplates a raid into Missouri. When or where he will strike is of course a matter of conjecture, depending not only upon Shelby's views of policy but upon the views of those who control affairs at Little Rock.

O. GUITAR,

Brigadier-General.

GENERAL ORDERS, HDQRS. DIST, OF CENTRAL MISSOURI,

Numbers 40. Warrensburg, mo., July 24, 1864.

In obedience to Special Orders, Numbers 201, from the headquarters Department of the Missouri, the undesigned relieves Brigadier General E. B. Brown, U. S. Volunteers (temporarily),in command of the Central District of Missouri.

A. PLEASONTON,

Major-General, Commanding.
HEADQUARTERS DISTRICT OF CENTRAL MISSOURI,Warrensburg, Mo., July 24, 1864.

Colonel JOHN F. PHILIPS,

Commanding Seventh Cavalry Missouri State Militia, Camp Brown:

COLONEL: Information having been received of several small bands of guerrillas on the Blackwater, the general commanding directs that you detach from your command two scouts of fifty men each, one to move via Basin Knob, the other via Columbus and Hall's Mills, and to thoroughly scout, mounted and on foot, both sides of the Blackwater toward this place, and having done so return to this station. Wit the remainder of your command and section of artillery you will move direct to this station.

I am, colonel, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

J. H. STEGER,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

