
would be returned thereby to-day. I learn that he was shot dead. Tell me what I may do with the hostages. Grant me as much power as possible.

ISAAC GANNETT,

Lieutenant and Assistant Provost- Marshal.

CAMERON, July 24, 1864.

General FISK:

I have arrived at this place with my command, The bushwhackers were in Goslinville last night about 200 strong. my men are so worn out that I am compelled to send them home to rest. I captured a man named . M. Herman, who claims to be a scout of General Curtis. He has a pass from Major Heath, provost- marshal, and some suspicious papers. Will you telegraph to Major Heath and ascertain whether he is all right, and let me know immediately by telegraph.

S. P. COX,

Commanding Scout.

SAINT JOSEPH, MO., July 24, 1864.

Major S. P. COX,

Cameron, Mo.:

Your telegram is received. Thanks to your grave and gallant men for the promptness with which they responded to my call, and the persistence with which they have followed the murdering fiends. Let them rest, while others are pushed after the enemy. Send Herman to me under guard. Come to Saint Joseph and see me. I want to shake the hand of Major Cox. God bless you and the boys with loyal hearts who accompanied you!

CLINTON B. FISK,

Brigadier-General.

SAINT LOUIS, MO., July 24, 1864.

COMMANDING OFFICER MACON CITY, MO.:

Report from Allen last night that Lieutenant Knapp with forty men, re- enforced,fought for an hour with a party of bushwhackers and lost 20 horses. Commanding general regrets to hear that more execution was not done by Lieutenant Knapp and his men. He trusts that hereafter they will do that work more effectually. Forty men ought to have killed all the bushwhackers in a fight of an hour,if a sufficient degree of coolness and certainty in firing had been used.

R. S. THOMS,

Captain and Aide- de- Camp.

MACON, July 24, 1864.

General FISK:

Mr. Dwyer, operator at Allen requested me to tell you that his office is closed; that all troops had left Allen and he had left by sanction of Captain Smith to report to General Rosecrans. The guerrillas that attacked Allen yesterday told some of the citizens they only wanted the operator and repairer.

OPERATOR.

