
CHILLICOTHE, July 24, 1864.

General FISK:

I move in three columns. The first, under Captain Kelly, moves at 8.20 a. m. hence to Coloma, thence southeast near Grand River to Missouri River, and afterward west to the line of Ray and Carroll Counties, camping there on the third night, July 26, on aline with Carrollton. The second column, under Major Leonard, moves at 10 a. m. to Utica and southward to Mandeville and Carrollton, thence to the above county line, camping on the 26th six miles north of Kelly's column. The third column, under Captain Parker, moves at 10 a. m. to Utica, Austinville, thence diverging northwest to Breckinridge and southeast to Dawn, and southwest to Turney's Grove, communicating with the other columns on the evening of the 26th, moving afterward as instructions or facts may determine. Have you any new commands!

L. C. MATLACK,

Major, Commanding Detachment.

SAINT JOSEPH, MO., July 24, 1864.

Major L. C. MATLACK,

Chillicothe, Mo..

Your disposition of the forces is approved. Concentrate the Glasgow troops, and on Tuesday, 26th, leave the other force in command of Colonel Shanklin and return to Glasgow as rapidly as possible. There are indications of serious trouble in Howard, Randolph, and Boone. Your presence will be required at Glasgow. In the meantime a sufficient force of volunteers are gathering to take care of this section.

CLINTON B. FISK,

Brigadier- General.

MIDDLETOWN, BOONE COUNTY, July 24, 1864.

Major- General ROSECRANS:

Boone County is infested with rebels to the number of 200 or 300. I can only operate against them from Columbia or Sturgeon, as there is not enough water away from this placet o supply my command. I killed Captain Angel, a bushwhacker, day before yesterday.

ANGUS BARTLETT,

Major, Commanding.

WARRENTON, MO., July 24, 1864.

General ROSECRANS:

The soldiers left here and we have raised a company of loyal men to defend ourselves. We need arms. Can you furnish us with forty guns!

F. MORSEY,

Lute Lieutenant Colonel Third Cavalry Missouri State Militia.

FORT LEAVENWORTH, July 24, 1864.

General McKEAN,

Paola, Kans.:

General Curtis does not wish any more of our troops to go into Missouri unless actually necessary. Colonel Ford has most of his troops

