
on the north side of the Missouri, and we cannot very well weaken this post while Thornton remains so near with his command, which now numbers 1,500.

S. S. CURTIS,

Major and Aide- de- Camp.
HEADQUARTERS DISTRICT OF SOUTH KANSAS,Paola, Kans., July 24, 1864.

COMMANDING OFFICER AT MOUND CITY:

Inclosed please find a requisition* for three companies of the Sixth Regiment Kansas Militia, to be called into active service under the orders of the commander- in- chief. Should you be called upon to move with your command you will date the requisition and put it into the hands of the commanding officer of that regiment for his action and report the date to these headquarters. You can make known to the officer in command the contents of the requisition at once, to the end that he may have ammunition provided and be prepared to act promptly when the occasion shall arise. A copy of the order of His Excellency, the commander- in- chief of the militia, is also herewith inclosed for delivery to the commanding officer of the regiment. Copies of these papers will also be forwarded for your own reverence.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

THO. J. McKEAN,

Brigadier-General, U. S. Volunteers, Commanding District.

CAMP, COUNCIL GROVE, KANS., July 24, 1864.

ADJUTANT- GENERAL, DISTRICT OF SOUTH KANSAS:

SIR: I have the honor to report that last evening two messengers bearing different dispatches arrived at this camp from Cow Creek, 100 miles west of this place, informing that four Government trains, mostly ordnance stores, were surrounded by Indians, and that unless help was furnished very soon the trains would have to be abandoned; that many cattle had been killed and all had to be kept in corral. To-day I have, by volunteers of Kansas State militia, raised about 100 men, mostly mounted, who will join one section of my battery and proceed by forced marches to their aid. I will go with them in command. This morning Company L, Eleventh Kansas Cavalry, with one section, under command of Lieutenant 	Edington, Ninth Wisconsin Battery, marched to escort Major- General Curtis from Fort Riley en route to Fort Larned, upon the upper road. I leave some forty men, armed with muskets, to guard this camp till my return, under the command of Lieutenant Helliwell.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

JAMES H. DODGE,

Captain ninth Light Battery Wisconsin Volunteers.

ABILENE, July 24, 1864.

(Via Lawrence 26th.)

Colonel C. S. CHARLOT:

Further dispatches from the region of Larned show that Indians have attacked our trains and destroyed large amount of stores on

---------------

*Not found. Similar requisition for four companies sent to commanding officer Olathe, Kans.

---------------

