
took the lieutenant and four men, horses, arms, &amp;c., but unfortunately they let the horses go instead of killing them. I fear Asboth will meet with defeat for want o horses, and by having traitors in his midst, as we all have. He took four prisoners who arrived yesterday at Barrancas, and they stated that the rebels knew all about his expedition before it left, and sent to Mobile for troops, which were sent to Pollard to meet him. I do not believe that any intention of attack is mentioned in one of our departments that is not communicated immediately to the rebels. I send you a Mobile paper of the 11th speaking of you and myself, &c.,as to our intentions, and how you will be prevented. But, general, do not send the vessels out of the sound until the weather is propitious and let a force be landed on Dauphin Island in the rear of Morgan. There are also the fresh-water ponds on the latter about five miles from the fort.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

D. G. FARRAGUT,

Rear- Admiral.

GENERAL ORDERS, HDQRS. MIL. DIV. OF WEST MISS.,

Numbers 27. New Orleans, La., July 25, 1864.

Lieutenant Colonel William H. Wood, First U. S. Infantry, is hereby appointed provost- marshal- general of the Military Division of West Mississippi, and will be obeyed and respected accordingly. He will have general supervision of all matters pertaining to the duties of provost- marshals at the posts ont he eastern bank of the Mississippi Rive, so far as these relate to the policing of the river and non- intercourse with the country beyond the Union lines.

By order of Major General E. R. S. Canby:

C. T. CHRISTENSEN,

Major and Assistant Adjutant-General.

GENERAL ORDERS, HDQRS DEPARTMENT OF THE GULF, Numbers 101. New Orleans, July 25, 1864.

1. All officers and enlisted men, prisoners of war, who were delivered at Red River Landing, July 22, 1864, to Colonel C. C. Dwight, commissioner of exchange belonging to regiments of the Nineteenth included in this exchange belonging to regiments of the Nineteenth Army Corps will report at once to Major General J. J. Reynolds, to rejoin their regiments. Those belonging to regiments formerly comprising the Thirteenth Corps to Brigadier General T. W. Sherman, commanding Defenses of New Orleans, for the same purpose. Those officers and enlisted men belonging to organizations whose terms of service have expired will proceed to their respective States, there to be mustered out in accordance with Circular Numbers 36. War Department, May 2, 1864. The officer in command of the Camp of Distribution in this city will forward all enlisted men thus exchanged to their respective regiments without delay.

By command of Major-General Banks:

GEORGE B. DRAKE,

Assistant Adjutant- General.

