SPECIAL ORDERS, HDQRS. DEPARTMENT OF THE GULF,Numbers 197. New Orleans, July 25, 1864.

I. Paragraph 11, of Special Orders, Numbers 22, of January 26, 1864, from these headquarters, which details the Ninety- first New York Volunteers for duty as heavy artillery, is, in obedience to orders from the War Department, hereby revoked. The regimental commander will cause all officers who may be rendered supernumerary by the return of this regiment to the infantry organization to be mustered out of service immediately on the receipt of this order. Upon the return of the regiment from furlough the commanding officer will at once turn in tho the proper officers all ordnance and ordnance stores and quartermaster's property n possession of the regiment as an artillery organization, and will then receive from he chief of ordnance infantry arms and equipments complete.

II. So much of Special Orders, Numbers 317, of December 19, 1863, from these headquarters, as directs the change of the Thirty- first Massachusetts Volunteers into cavalry is,in obedience to orders from the War Department, hereby revoked. The regimental commander will cause all officers who may be rendered supernumerary by the return of this regiment to the infantry organization to be mustered out of service immediately on the receipt of this order. Upon the return of the regiment from furlough the commanding officer will at once turn in to the proper officers all ordnance and ordnance stores and quartermaster's property in possession of the regiment as a cavalry organization, and will then receive from the chief of ordnance infantry arms and equipments complete.

III. So much of Special Orders, Numbers 314, of December 16, 1863, from these headquarters, as directs the change o the Eighth New Hampshire Volunteers into cavalry is, in obedience to orders from the War Department, hereby revoked. The regimental commander will cause all officers who may be rendered supernumerary by the return of this regiment to the infantry organization to be mustered out of service immediately on the receipt of this order. Upon the return of the regiment from furlough the commanding officer will at once turn int to the proper officers all ordnance and ordnance stores and quartermaster['s property in possession of the regiment as a cavalry organization, and will than receive from the chief of ordnance infantry arms and equipments complete.

IV. So much of Special Orders, Numbers 29, of February 3, 1864, from these headquarters, as directs the change of the Seventy- fifth New York Volunteers into cavalry is, in obedience to orders from the War Department hereby revoked. The regimental commander will cause all officers who may be rendered supernumerary by the return of this regiment to the infantry organization to be mustered out of service immediately on receipt of this order,a nd will at once turn in to the proper officers all ordnance and ordnance stores and quartermaster's property in possession of the regiment as a cavalry organization.

* * * * * * *

By command of Major- General Banks:

J. S. CROSBY,

Acting Assistant Adjutant- General.
HEADQUARTERS U. S. FORCES,Morganza, La., July 25, 1864.

Captain FARRINGTON,

Aide- de- Camp, General Reynolds' Headquarters:

I sent heavy scouting parties out on all the roads yesterday. They found no enemy in force this side the Atchafalaya. Latest reports represent

