
Walker at Marksville with one division of infantry, and Polignac's command somewhere this side. With the troops now here and those promised I shall feel perfectly safe and confident of success against any force thy can bring. I am getting everything in good shape for a fight. In two days more will have all my arrangements completed. There is some difficulty in finding men to work the siege guns, but Major Holcomb, in charge of the guns of the fort, is drilling squads selected from the colored troops and may make them efficient. Captain Twining arrived this morning.

M, K. LAWLER,

Brigadier- General.
HEADQUARTERS,Morganza, July 25, 1864.

Captain FARRINGTON,

Aide- de- Camp to General Reynolds:

No additional force heard of this side the Atchafalaya. Our wire was cut to-day between this and Port Hudson. It will be repaired again in the morning.

M. K. LAWLER,

Brigadier-General, Commanding.

THIBODEAUX, July 25, 1864.

(Received 7.10 p. m.)

Major GEORGE B. DRAKE, Assistant Adjutant-General;

A reliable scout returned this evening from the Atchafalaya country. There are three companies of the Second Louisiana, Vincent['s regiment, stationed at the park opposite Plaquemine, and the balance of the regiments are scattered along the Grossetete. General Wharton's cavalry, General Green's old command, are scattered along the Atchafalaya, some 5,000 strong. major- General Walker reported in command at Alexandria. The citizens in the neighborhood of Bayou Goula, believing their horses may be taken by the Federals, are putting them where the rebels can get them and then report them stolen, but are perfectly satisfied with the thief.

R. A. CAMERON,

Brigadier-General, Commanding.

BATON ROUGE, July 25, 1864- 12. 30 p. m.

Major GEORGE B. DRAKE:

An intelligent contraband came inside of our lines last evening with information that about 200 of the enemy's cavalry were within twelve miles of our lines. I ordered out at once a cavalry force to watch their movements. I have not heard from the m yet.

W. P. BENTON,

Brigadier-General.

BATON ROUGE, July 25, 1864.

Major DRAKE,

Assistant Adjutant- General:

The expedition sent out yesterday returned this evening. Major Moore, Second Illinois Cavalry, commanding expedition, reports that he arrived at the Amite last night, found the river high, encamped

