HEADQUARTERS DISTRICT OF EASTERN ARKANSAS,Helena, July 25, 1864.

Colonel W. S. BROOKS,

Commanding Fifty- sixth U. S. Colored Infantry:

SIR: You will march six companies of your regiment, with an average of sixty men to each company, with forty rounds of ammunition in there boxes and 7,000 cartridges additional in the baggage wagons, with a wagon train to carry five days' rations and forge, and march to Mott's Ferry and co-operate with Major Carmichael, who leaves at the same time in another direction to cross Big Creek,a nd capture any enemy he may find. Captain Lembke is directed to report to you with a section of light artillery to be subject to your orders, The further object is to capture any citizens who have been aiding in conscripting for or furnishing the rebel army. After consulting with Major Carmichael, you may, if you deem it practicable to cross with your artillery safely, go as far as Trenton. It is desirable to capture James Scaif, Berry Scaif, Wallace, Lieutenant Swan, Colonel Taylor, O'Neil, Corless, and all others who are giving active aid to the enemy. As this is the first march of our troops, your will go slow and in the night judiciously. In crossing Lick Creek you will take spades, shovels,and axes and cut down the banks of the creek and throw in brush so as to make the crossing safe, even if it detains you until to- morrow morning. You will take one ambulance and one surgeon, with proper medicines, &amp;c. In foraging you will get evidences of the disloyalty of the party you take from You amy seize from disloyal persons horses fit for cavalry service and cattle fit for the butcher, rendering a strict account to the quartermaster as you return. You will return as soon as Major Carmichael has accomplished his expedition. You and he will act in harmony. Respect all private property. Size any articles required for the purposes of war. Explore the creek as far as practicable to see a fit place for the establishing of a fort and brigade.

Your obedient servant,

N. B. BUFORD,

Brigadier-General, Commanding.
SPECIAL ORDERS, HDQRS 1ST DIV., 7TH ARMY CORPS, Numbers 59. Little Rock, Ark., July 25, 1864.

Having received a leave of absence of thirty days on surgeon's certificate, Brigadier General C. Bussey will take command ofthe First Division, Seventh Army Corps.

F. SALOMON,Brigadier-General, Commanding.

SPECIAL ORDERS, HDQRS. DISTRICT OF LITTLE ROCK, Numbers 51. Little Rock, Ark., July 25. 1864.

I. The Twenty- ninth Iowa Infantry, Tenth Illinois Cavalry, and Battery K, First Missouri Artillery, will proceed by land to Lewisburg, provided with three day's rations, and will report to Colonel A. H. Ryan, Third Arkansas Cavalry, Lewisburg. The troops on the south side of the Arkansas River will cross at daylight to- morrow morning (July 26 and march together under command ofthe senior officer.

By order of Brigadier General E. A. Carr:

C. H. DYER,

Assistant Adjutant- General.

