
DEVALL'S BLUFF, ARK., July 25, 1864- 9 p. m.

Captain C. H. DYER,

Assistant Adjutant-General, Little Rock:

Nothing new from the enemy. Have sent a scout to Saint Charles. One moves to- night to Searcy. I am happy to report that the fleet that came up yesterday was not fired into.

C. C. ANDREWS,

Brigadier-General, Commanding.

LITTLE ROCK, ARK., July 25, 1864.

Brigadier General C. C. ANDREWS,

Devall's Bluff:

Move Geiger's brigade to the vicinity of Brownsville, keeping Third Michigan and Third Wisconsin at Devall's Bluff. In case of necessity some of the Third Michigan can be mounted on unserviceable horses to picket Remount Camp.

By order of Brigadier General E. A. Carr:

C. H. DYER,

Assistant Adjutant- General.

LEWISBURG, July 25, 1864.

(Received 4.30 p. m.)

Captain C. H. DYER:

News in from Jacksonport on Thursday last. Shelby was then making preparations for a fight. His spies had reported a force from Little Rock marching to attack him. Part of Shelby's force are at Batesville. Lieutenant King in from scout to Point Remove, where he routed Burnett's gang without hurting anybody.

A. H. RYAN,

Lieutenant-Colonel.

LITTLE ROCK, July 25, 1864.

Brig General C. C. ANDREWS,

Devall's Bluff:

GENERAL: Much obliged for your letters. Most ofthe information from south of here is confirmed by that received from other sources. I have tried to write you several evenings, but have been interrupted by visitors. Will write you soon. Rebels attacked Clayton's pickets the other night, with the loss of one captain. No damage to us. I think Shelby is preparing to cross the Arkansas River. His scouting parties are demonstrating on Clarksville, according to one of his orders, captured by Third Arkansas Cavalry, and there is considerably bushwhacking about Lewisburg. If you can obtain any information in regard to Shelby, please do so, and telegraph me on the subject. I have spies out for that purpose. We have heavy scouting parties out on the Saline from Benton to below Monticello road. I think they are alarmed about Shelby.

Very truly, yours,

F. STEELE,

Major-General.

25 R R- VOL XLI, PT II

