
LITTLE ROCK, ARK., July 25, 1864.

Colonel P. CLAYTON,

Commanding Pine Bluff:

COLONEL: Fleet of four boats and gun- boat arrived at Devall's Bluff last night. General Gordon has arrived at Saint Charles. There are dispatches for him on the train coming. News good. It is reported that Sherman is in Atlanta. A. J. Smith beat Forrest, killed and wounded 2,000 and lost himself 1,300. Raiders skedaddling out of Maryland, leaving all their plunder behind. Grant hammering at Petersburg. I think Shelby is getting ready to recross the Arkansas. It is reported that his forces will concentrate at Jacksonport to- morrow. He has sent a party to Clarksville, probably to make a demonstration, and they are bushwhacking around Lewisburg. We are looking out for him.

FREDK. STEELE,

Major-General.

NEW ORLEANS, July 25, 1864.

(Received 31st.)

Major General C. C. WASHBURN,

Memphis:

The troops now at the WHIte River, under General Gordon's command, are very much needed in this part ofthe division, in consequence of the recent withdrawal of the large force for the Army of the 	Potomac, and I have to request that they be at once relieved by troops from your command, in sufficient number to secure General Steele's line of communication. I was much pleased to learn of General Smith's successful operations.

ED. R. S. CANBY,

Major-General.
HDQRS. MILITARY DIVISION OF WEST MISSISSIPPI,New Orleans, July 25, 1864.

Brigadier General GEORGE H. GORDON,

Commanding U. S. Forces, White River, Ark.:

GENERAL: I am instructed by the major-general commanding to transmit for your information, herewith inclosed, copy of communication sent to Brevet Brigadier- General Bailey, commanding Engineer Brigade, at Vicksburg, Miss., directing him to proceed to Morganza, even if orders should have been received by him to join you at the White River. If General Bailey should already have joined you, you will be pleaded to let him return to Morganza with the least possible delay. Instructions have been give to General Washburn to furnish you, in case of necessity, with an additional force.

C. T. CHRISTENSEN,

Major and Assistant Adjutant- General.

P. S. - General Washburn has been ordered to send a sufficient force to the mouth ofthe White River to replace the troops under your command. Upon being thus relieved you will please, with the least possible delay, to re- embark your troops and proceed to Morganza, La., reporting upon your arrival to the commanding general.

By order of Major General E. R. S. Canby:

C. T. CHRISTENSEN,

Major and Assistant Adjutant-General.

