
[Inclosure.]
HDQRS. MILITARY DIVISION OF WEST MISSISSIPPI,New Orleans, La., July 25, 1864.

Bvt. Brigadier General J. BAILEY,

Commanding Engineer Brigade, Vicksburg, Miss.:

GENERAL: On the 23rd instant I had the honor to communicate to you the commanding general's order for the return of your command to Morganza, provided General Gordon, commanding U. S. forces at White River, had not previously ordered you to join him. I am now directed to request that you will return to Morganza in any case. Additional troops will, if necessary, be furnished General Gordon from elsewhere.

I have the honor to be, your obedient servant,

C. T. CHRISTENSEN,

Major and Assistant Adjutant-General.

RICHMOND, MO., July 25, 1864.

General ROSECRANS:

I returned yesterday from Liberty, where on Saturday I met at least 1,500 of the citizen. The great wish ofthe people was to know what was required of them by the military, and they stood ready to do it. Nine- tenths of them had been branded by Colonel Ford as disloyal and unworthy to be trusted with arms in their hands for the defense of their own homes and property. It was a gross and cruel misrepresentation of these people, and which I understand Colonel Ford has already taken back. Men subject to military duty to the number of 600 or 700 gave their names upon paper in the character of muster- rolls, and asked that out of these the military authorities select such as they wish to serve,a nd also the number, and they yield also their right to select their officers, but ask that such men as the military think can be trusted shall be appointed their officers,and that they be men who have brains enough to comprehend the scope of their duties in protecting the peaceable citizens in their rights. The rebels in a body have passed from among us, and the counties are comparatively quiet. The amount of damage done the people is in proportion of ten to one, and the misfortune is that those who came as out defenders and to drive out thieves, robbers,and bushwhackers damaged the people ten times as much in this way as did these rebels, from whom we had no right to expect better things. The officers, I hear, said they could not restrain the men; and this may be true, but I will say that an officer who does not do it is unfit to hold his place. I do not wish to be understood as applying these remarks to the whole force sent among us. Garrison and his myrmidons have been let loose among us, and it may be that they have done the chief work; such is the common opinion. I cannot believe that they wee here by your authority, nor do I suppose it was by the authority of General Cutis, for he followed them, seemingly in a great rage, to Clay and put Garrison and his crew under arrest, and ordered them back to Kansas;but thy cleaned up all movable property in their way number went by land. An inquiry by an honest military court into these things will develop the enormity of crimes of the most startling character. Robbery, murder, arson, and rapes will figure largely in the catalogue. I will never rest nor cease my efforts until in some manner these outrages are publicly exposed. I do hope you will send General Pleasonton,

