
or some other man who has brains enough to comprehend the whole scope of our troubles, which are not so great as they have been represented. The people want an officer who will exact rigid military discipline of the soldiers, such as will inspire confidence, and then the whole people will give him there earnest and in such manner that the lawless and dissolute yowl find no place among us. I am not dissatisfied with General Fisk or General Brown, but we need a common head, and it appears to me Lexington is a proper place for headquarters. This arrangement certainly will only be temporary.

I am, respectfully,

AUSTIN A. KING.

WARRENSBURG, July 25, 1864.

Major-General ROSECRANS:

Colonel Ford telegraphs from Kansas City that a portion of the enemy crossed to the south side of the river on Saturday night, 23rd instant, and that Todd and his band are in the Sni Hills and in the Little Blue. I recommend that Colonel Ford be ordered back to this district.

A. PLEASONTON,

Major-General.

TIPTON, July 25, 1864.

Major-General PLEASONTON,

Warrensburg:

I have inquired at way stations on the road to this place; no guerrillas heard of in the country. I learn that in the affair at Arrow Rock we mortally wounded four bushwhackers and severely and slightly wounded several. One house was burned by the rebels. The citizen guards saved all their arms and ammunition.

E. B. BROWN,

Brigadier-General of Volunteers.

KANSAS CITY, July 25, 1864.

Brigadier-General BROWN,

Warrensburg:

I have just arrived. The rebels under Todd have returned to the Sni Hills. Those under Thornton are reported to be near the Saint Joseph railroad. I have no definite news in regard to the latter. i shall be at Lexington to- morrow morning. Shall I discharge the Fanny Ogden! Answer to Lexington.

HENRY SUESS,

Major and Chief of Cavalry.

SEDALIA, July 25, 1864.

Captain J. H. STEGER,

Assistant Adjutant- General:

Scouts brought in some men who had stolen some horse sand announced that they had gone into the brush, but who afterward returned the horses. Two men were robbing people near Clark Station t- day. Troops after them. Nothing else new.

GEORGE H. HALL,

Commanding.

