
LEXINGTON, July 25, 1864.

Captain JAMES H. STEGER,

Assistant Adjutant- General:

Burris returned. Captured there horses. T	odd gone to the Blue with twenty men. Rest scattered in parties from two to six along Jackson line and on Blackwater. Major Suess has been patrolling between Wellington and Blue Mills since Saturday night. Captains Queen and Peak,of the Seventh [Missouri State Militia Cavalry],and Cross, of the Fourth [Missouri State Militia Cavalry], are here and await your orders, No news from Thornton's force, north side. Small parties are reported all over the country. Perhaps his force scattered and will in that shape cross the river.

JAS. McFERRAN,

Colonel, Commanding.

WARRENSBURG, July 25, 1864.

Colonel JAMES McFERRAN,

Lexington, Mo.:

Colonel Philips is en- route to Camp Brown. Order Captains Peak and Queen, with their command and section of artillery, to move forthwith to Camp Brown and report to Colonel Philips. Direct Major Suess, with Fanny Ogden to patrol the river until further orders. Captain Cross and company will go down on steamer Minnehaha.

By order:

J. H. STEGER,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

LEXINGTON, July 25, 1864.

Captain STEGER,

Assistant Adjutant- General:

No artillery here. Major Suess has two guns on Fanny Ogden. The horses and carriages are here. The guns necessary on the boat. Shall I send horses and carriages to Camp Brown!

JAMES McFERRAN,

Colonel, Commanding.
HEADQUARTERS CITIZEN GUARDS,Leesville, Mo., July 25, 1864.

Colonel McFERRAN,

Commanding First Cavalry Missouri State Militia:

We have some trouble with bushwhackers. They snapped a gun at one of our men last Thursday within one mile and a half of this place. Their sign proves them to be on foot. They were seen the same day at one Mr. Fuel's three miles from here. We have hunted them closely, both foot and horseback. Our town and neighborhood are in good spirits with the present prospect for protection. We received last Thursday, 21st, at Clinton, twenty- one muskets, nineteen cartridge- boxes, 3,000 rounds of ammunition, and three boxes, by your order. We keep twelve men on duty. Commissaries on hand will last some fifteen days hence.

Colonel, permit me to subscribe my name as your friend and obedient servant,

WILLIAM BAKER,

Captain.

