
rebels when they cross. Your requisitions for pack saddles and packs should be sent without delay. Make the number small as possible for a ten- days' scout. Packs with covers will hold 200 pounds easily.

W. S. ROSECRANS,

Major-General.

SAINT JOSEPH, MO., July 25, 1864.

Colonel O. D. GREENE,

Assistant Adjutant-General:

I have nothing from Colonel Ford this morning. Colonel Catherwood was at Mirabile last night close upon a gang of guerrillas. Thornton's bands are scattered, and we shall have to drag- net the country to clear them out. The citizen soldiery are turning out by the thousands. I am selecting the best, under moderate,temperate, firm officers, and returning the others to their farms and workshops. Can we get the authority to organize U. S. regiments! It is important that I have a regular permanent force speedily, as it will be impracticable to keep the citizen soldiers in the field a great while

CLINTON B. FISK,

Brigadier-General.

SAINT JOSEPH, July 25, 1864.

Colonel O. D. GREENE:

Were the arms and ammunition shipped to Colonel Hayward at Hannibal! Judge Dryden telegraphs me from Palmyra that no time must be lost in organizing and forming against the increasing guerrillas in the northeast.

CLINTON B. FISK,

Brigadier-General.

[Memorandum.]

Arms will go this afternoon to Hannibal.

SAINT LOUIS, MO., July 25, 1864.

General FISK,

Saint Joseph, Mo.:

The authority of the War Department has already been obtained to raise regiments of 100 days' men, and the necessary steps are being taken to put the mater in operation. Your orders for Lieutenant-Colonel Caldwell are approved. Ford's command is to be retained on the north side of the river for some time yet. The general commanding hopes that your forces will make an end of Thornton very soon.

O. D. GREENE,

Assistant Adjutant-General.
HDQRS. FIFTIETH Regiment ENROLLED MISSOURI MILITIA,Edina, Mo., July 25, 1864.

Major General W. S. ROSECRANS,

Commanding Department of the Missouri, Saint Louis, Mo.:

GENERAL: At this time we have information that a camp of eighty guerrillas exist on the northeastern corner of this county (Knox). We

