
have also information that on the east of the is county (in Lewis County) there has been seen and counted thirty- one armed guerrillas. To-day two armed men halted a man six miles south of this place and made inquiries for the residence of Mr. Wamsley, representative int he Legislature of this county. Other squads have been seen in other parts of the country. Our citizens have been keeping guard in our town of over a week. We keep up patrols and guards night and day for the protection of the town. All this we are doing without any authority, only under the law of self- protection. I wrote t Brigadier-General Fisk some month or so ago to invest some one in the county with authority to call out the militia in case of need. He answered by requesting me to name some good discreet captain to organize a company of Enrolled Missouri Militia for active duty, and have heard nothing from his headquarters. Now, i think the crisis is upon us. What shall we do! We have held township meeting under your order, Numbers 107. The majority of the county is intensely loyal, and I can put in the field 500 good and true men if authorized so to do I have about 100 stand of arms and some ammunition, but without some authority I am powerless, and only as a citizen can I act. We have no means of subsistence should we go into camp without authority, and unless something is done immediately the loyal men of Knox will suffer greatly, I believe.

Very respectfully, your most obedient servant,

S. M WIRT,

Colonel Fiftieth Regiment Enrolled Missouri Militia.

JEFFERSON CITY, MO., July 25, 1864.

Mr. CHARLES H. WHITAKER,

Savannah, Mo.:

MY DEAR SIR: I have received your favor with reference to affairs in Northwest Missouri. I had some days before the receipt of your letter received information to the same effect by telegraph from Colonel Scott, and I have already corresponded with General Fisk on the subject. You amy rest assured that General Fisk will do all in his power to give protection to all law- abiding citizens. This task is one of extreme difficulty, for the people are so divided politically and so suspicious that it is next to impossible to satisfy all. You know how it was with me when in command; your know how it was with General Guitar. I am satisfied that General Fisk is an honest man and willing to do right if he can only find out what right is. He is, therefore, entitled to the confidence of our people, and I trust that you will apply to him without hesitation and advise with him. He will be glad to see you at any time and give what you say a patient and a careful consideration. It is perhaps proper for me to say that Judge William A. Hall is so thoroughly satisfied with General Fisk that he has written me a letter stating that it would be a public misfortune to have him removed, and further assuring me that with General Fisk in command peace would soon be restored to Northern Missouri. As you know Judge Hall, I trust you are disposed to give some weight to his suggestions. As to myself, you may rest assured that I will do all in my power to protect Andrew County as well as the other counties of Missouri,

