
but I must co- operate with the Federal authorities. I am prepared so to co- operate because I have confidence in General Rosecrans and his subordinate generals.

I will be pleased to ear from you at any time, but, nevertheless, let me urge you to correspond with General Fisk freely and fully.

Your friend,

WILLARD P. HALL,

Governor of Missouri.

[Indorsement.]

JEFFERSON CITY, July 26, 1864.

This is a copy of a letter sent to Mr. Charles H. Whitaker. It is forwarded to General Fisk in order to inform him of what I write and say to the people o Northwest Missouri. General Fisk may est assured that the will have my cordial co- operation in his efforts to preserve peace in his district.

WILLARD P. HALL.

MACON, MO., July 25, 1864.

General FISK:

The bushwhackers withdrew from Allen in the direction of Huntsville Saturday night. The squad composed of Illinois troops and four months' militia, forty strong, followed them there yesterday morning. This body, re-enforced two miles and a half south of town, went out to attack them in the evening, Messengers came flocking in telling me that our boys got whipped and had to fall back on Huntsville, and as I thought this movement was made to prevent the citizens from organizing I sent Lieutenant McKinsey with thirty men, well armed and provided with plenty of ammunition, urging upon him the necessity of organizing his company immediately. There are wild rumors here this morning of rebels being all around. I am on the lookout, but I think the force here is too small if the rebels should undertake to attack this place. Seventy- five of my won men are all i have. The militia here are without arms and of course no assistance t me.

ALBERT BRACKMAN,

Captain, Commanding Post.

SAINT LOUIS, MO., July 25, 1864.

Brigadier General J. B. DOUGLASS,

Enrolled Missouri Militia, Sturgeon, Mo.:

Major Bartlett ought to keep on the scout all the time until Anderson, Perkins, Davis, Holtzclaw, and all are killed or driven out of the country. They must not stay in towns or places, nor even follow the roads much. Let them operate from Columbia as a headquarters, if it is the best place to operate from, not otherwise. Apprise me daily of the movements and see that scouting parties are well instructed to guard against the stupid practice of moving only by daylight, and then on public roads. Night marches, unexpected routes,and concealing movements in the woods are the means of striking terror into the hearts of the bushwhackers.

W. S. ROSECRANS,

Major-General.

