
MEXICO, MO., July 25, 1864.

Colonel J. P. SANDERSON,

Provost- Marshal- General:

Last evening, almost immediately after my report to you of the Davis murder, a force of guerrillas came within three miles of town, took some Union men prisoners,and sent one in here to report to me that if I did not release the hostages I held by 7 o'clock that evening, they would kill twenty- five Union men. Being determined to hold them at all hazards, I at once placed in close confinement about twenty- five rebels of this city, determined if their threat was carried out I would at once put to death those I had. I allowed one of their number to go out and inform them of the facts. This morning information comes to me that their threat was that if those men were shot for the murder of Davis they would kill ten Union men for each. I shall probably release the men I arrested last evening, but have not as yet. The whole country is alive wit bushwhackers and all the Union men are fleeing for their lives. Without orders I will not release the four men held as hostages. I want more men. I send to you because I cannot get quick answer from above. I would recommend that a few citizens be held for a certain time till the rebels surrender the murderers of Davis.

ISAAC GANNETT,

Assistant Provost- Marshal.

SAINT LOUIS, MO., July 25, 1864.

Lieutenant ISAAC GANNETT,

Assistant Provost- marshal, Mexico, Mo.:

You will hold the two most prominent and parole the others on bond of $2,000 each, with sureties, ow secure the murderers of Davis, and return with and deliver them into your custody.

J. P. SANDERSON,

Provost- Marshal- General.

FOUR MILES SOUTH OF BRECKINRIDGE,

July 25, 1864- 10 a. m.

General FISK:

I met here a paroled men; got a copy of the parole, having on it twenty- six names. The name of Major John Thrailkill, commanding Confederate recruits,is named in it but not signed to it. I shall be at Kingston, and then go southeast to near Knoxville to- night. I hope to meet Catherwood's command,and through him get other orders from you. I am now with a troop of my north column; it will camp to- night together. To- morrow night my whole command will be near Knoxville. We shall then have scoured all of Carroll and half of Caldwell Counties.

L. C. MATLACK,

Major, &amp;c.

SAINT JOSEPH, July 25, 1864.

Major L. C. MATLACK,

In the Field, via Breckinridge, Mo.:

Your dispositions are approved. On Wednesday consolidate you Glasgow troops with Major Leonard and return to Glasgow. Increasing

