
trouble in that section requires your early return. Colonel Shanklin will command the force when you retire. Other militia will be sent to his aid. The whole country is being aroused,a nd we shall make short work of the fiends. You are authorized to continue in this pursuit, if you consider the emergency is such as to demand it, regardless of the foregoing order to return to Glasgow. Be very careful to avoid collision with our own detachments.

CLINTON B. FISK,

Brigadier- General.

FAYETTE, July 25, 1864.

General FISK:

Our solders are daily getting worse from impure vaccination. We have only those men for the defense of this place. In a few days they will not be able for that duty. What reliable citizens we have are worn out standing guard. Our rations are about out; none ordered No one to go after them, if they were. The rebels are recruiting very fast; old and young are going to them. I am reliably informed that they contemplate an attack on this place between now and Wednesday. They robbed Colonel Williams' residence last evening, one mile and a half from town. We should be moved to where soldiers are or some sent here to help us. I can hear oft he m robbing citizens daily within one and two miles of town. We have no men to send after them.

H. S. GLAZE,

Captain Company H, Ninth Missouri State Militia.

HANNIBAL, July 25, 1864.

General FISK:

Can I rely upon the arms ordered from Saint Louis! We need them badly. If I knew they would come I would organize to be ready for them; I don't want to move until I can be quick. If you can insure their prompt delivery here with ammunition I will change things around here or go under. The country is full of bushwhackers and daily outrages committed. It should be stopped at once.

J. T. K. HAYWARD.

GENERAL ORDERS, HDQRS. DEPARTMENT OF KANSAS, Numbers 41. Fort Leavenworth, July 25, 1864.

The District of the Upper Arkansas is hereby created, bounded as follows: North by the second standard parallel as laid down on Gunn and Mitchell's nw map of Kansas, east by the guide meridian east, south by the Indian Territory, and west by a meridian including Fort Lyon. Major General James G. Blunt, U. S. Volunteers,is assigned to the command.

By command of Major-General Curtis:

C. S. CHARLOT,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

