
at the fleet for the purpose of conferring with you upon matters affecting our commands. The demonstrations in the direction of Mobile will be kept up by our preparations and a show of movements until the troops have reached their new destination.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

ED. R. S. CANBY,

Major-General, Commanding.

GENERAL ORDERS, HDQRS. MIL. DIV. OF WEST MISS., Numbers 15. New Orleans, La., July 1, 1864.

The following orders and regulations are hereby published for the information and government of the stream transportation service in this military division:

I. On all chartered or public steamers the master of the vessel shall be considered supreme in the control and management of his vessel; he will be held responsible for the discipline of his crew, for the police and safety of his vessel, for the preservation of good order on board; that all existing orders and regulations are directly enforced; that the fire engines, hose, bilge-pumps,fire axes and buckets are kept in complete order, in their proper places, and ready for use at all times; particular care must be taken to economize fuel and ship stores.

II. On every vessel a log or record book shall be kept in which be noted the principal events of each day, the history of each voyage, nature of the cargo transported, and whatever if of interest in connection with the service of the boat. In the case of chartered vessels, when the boat is discharged the Government service, this record shall be left at the office of the quartermaster in charge of water transportation.

III. For the more effectual protection of transports from loss by fire, watches shall be established as follows: On all steam-boats registered less than 300 tons (except ferry-boats and small tugs), a watch of at least four men, two of whom shall be on duty at all times; on all steamers registered over 300 tons, a watch of at least six men, three of whom shall be on duty at all times. One watchman shall be kept at all times upon the upper of hurricane deck, whose duty it shall be to keep a lookout, and at night to see that the signal lamps are kept burning clear and in their proper places, in accordance with the regular steam-boat regulations. In the selection of watchmen great care will be observed to procure loyal and reliable men. In addition to the above, the steward of each boat will, under the direction of the captain, organize a regular cabin watch to be on duty from 8 p. m. to 6 a. m., whose duty it shall be to see that no open lights are used and no smoking allowed in the state-rooms. Whenever it can be avoided, ferry-boats and small tugs will not be permitted to lay alongside the Government transports; whenever this is unavoidable, the above rules respecting watchmen, &amp;c., will apply to and be observed on board them. The engineer shall be required to have at all times his fire-hose connected with the pumps and ready for immediate use. While in port pilots, engineers, the officers and the crew will get permission from the captain before they go on shore, and not more than two of the officers or one-sixth of the crew will be absent from the vessel at one time. When waiting or expecting orders nighter officers nor crew will be allowed ashore.

IV. It is earnestly enjoined upon all quartermasters having charge of steam-boat transportation in this military division to cause these rules to be strictly complied with.

