HDQRS. MILITARY DIVISION OF WEST MISSISSIPPI,New Orleans, July 26, 1864.

Captain RAMSAY, U. S. Navy,

Commanding District, Mouth of Red River:

SIR: We learn form various sources that a considerable rebel force has been moving down the Red River since the 20th instant, and from rebel papers east of the Mississippi, that General E. K. Smith has been ordered to re-enforce the rebel army at Atlanta. I do not believe that any such attempt will be made to cross the river, but it is proper that the naval officers ont he river should be advised of these reports.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

E. R. S. CANBY,

Major-General, Commanding.

THIBODEAUX, July 26, 1864.

(Received 6,15 p. m.)

Major GEORGE B. DRAKE,

Assistant Adjutant-General:

All quiet. A scout just in reports some 300 rebels on Grand River the other side of Lake Verret, and that they are putting torpedoes in the bayous to prevent our gunboats using them. What is the excitement at Morganza! I hear stranger rumors.

R. A. CAMERON,

Brigadier-General of Volunteers, Commanding.

BONNET CARRE, July 26, 1864- 9.15 a. m.

Major GEORGE B. DRAKE,

Assistant Adjutant-General:

SIR: I have the honor to report that I have just received information from commanding officer Eleventh New York Cavalry, that on the night ofthe 19th instant this picket on the Orange Grove rad was attacked, and 1 killed, 1 wounded, and 1 taken prisoner. He has strengthened the post to thirty men. With this exception I have no information to report.

CYRUS HAMLIN,

Colonel, Commanding.

LITTLE ROCK, July 26, 1864.

Major General E. R. S. CANBY,

Commanding Military Division of West Mississippi:

(Car of Captain J. R. Grace, U. S. Navy.)

GENERAL: Shelby's forces were to be concentrated at Jacksonport to- day, from 5,000 to 8,000 according to spies and others. I am unable to determine whether he designs going to Missouri or making an attempt to cross the Arkansas and rejoin Price with his conscripts. I think the latter. His forces are making demonstrations on Clarksville and Lewisburg. I have sent two regiment and a battery to re- enforce the latter place, as the re is a large amount of Government stores which have been landed here from boats going to Fort Smith. There are very few rebel troops between the Arkansas and White Rivers below here now; otherwise their position has not changed materially since my last dispatch. General Gordon's command has arrived at Saint

