
Charles Bluff, a good position for him to hold and operate from. I think the rebels remaining on the north side of Arkansas will cross immediately. Colonel Clayton is reconnoitering to ascertain some vulnerable point where we can make a dash upon the rebels. Can we get authority to exchange prisoners? Smith has proposed it to me.

F. STEELE,

Major-General.

LITTLE ROCK, July 26, 1864.

Major General E. R. S. CANBY,

Commanding Military Division of West Mississippi:

(Care of Captain J. R. Grace, U. S. Navy.)

GENERAL: Your communication in regard to bribery among the officers of my command is just received. If bribes had been taken it must have been by agents. I am satisfied that the officers mentioned know nothing of it. General Marcy, inspector-general, is at Fort Smith investigating the matter. Carr is chief quartermaster of my corps and a lieutenant-colonel. Brigadier General J. W. Davidson has slandered Carr on all occasions. I warn you to take with a grain of allowance anything that man say in regard to me or my staff. He could have affidavits in regard to the corruption of his own disbursing officers if he had wished them. I have seen such affidavits.

F. STEELE,

Major-General.
HEADQUARTERS DISTRICT OF EASTERN ARKANSAS,Helena, Ark., July 26, 1864-3 p. m.

Major General C. C. WASHBURN:

SIR: I sent out a small reconnoitering party of 150 cavalry, 360 colored infantry, and one section colored light artillery in the direction of Big Creek. A squad of cavalry report that left the command nine miles from here, fighting Colonel Dobbin, who was 2,000 strong, and that his force entirely surrounded mine. Should this report be true I shall be left with but 130 cavalry fit for duty, and but two pieces of light artillery, and for so extended a line a very small force, and that defended by colored troops in the batteries. I have 800 on the sick list. If possible send me re-enforcement immediately, as it is probable that Shelby may be near this place. I cannot protect the two small forts and the leased plantations without cavalry and light artillery.

Your obedient servant,

N. B. BUFORD,

Brigadier-General, Commanding.

SPECIAL ORDERS, HDQRS. DISTRICT OF LITTLE ROCK, Numbers 52. Little Rock, Ark., July 26, 1864.

I. The detachment of the Forty-third Illinois Infantry Volunteers will report to Colonel C. W. Kittredge, commanding post of Little Rock, for duty without delay.

II. Company G, Regiment Merrill's Horse, is relieved from duty as escort to the brigadier-general commanding, and will report to the

26 R R-VOL XLI, PT II.

