
Hulse has been scouting on the upper part of the sub-district with detachments of the Second Cavalry Missouri State Militia, from Cape Girardeau and Jackson. Total accomplished since my last report is, killed, 8 bushwhackers; captured, several stand of arms and between 40 and 50 horses and mules.

J. T. BURRIS,

Lieutenant-Colonel.

SAINT LOUIS, MO., July 26, 1864.

General PLEASONTON,

Warrensburg, Mo.:

Colonel Ford is at Kansas City, and will remain to operate on this side. Please get the pack-mule train into use, and if possible arrange some mode of communicating by signals, smoke, or in some other way to get rapid word from point to point.

W. S. ROSECRANS,

Major-General.
HEADQUARTERS DISTRICT OF CENTRAL MISSOURI,Warrensburg, Mo., July 26, 1864.

Major O. D. GREENE,

Assistant Adjutant-General, Hdqrs. Dept. on the Missouri:

MAJOR: I have the honor to report for the information of the major-general commanding that the greatest difficulties from guerrillas, bushwhackers, and disaffected persons in this district exist in the three counties on the Missouri River, viz, Jackson, La Fayette, and Saline, and that the disposition of the troops should correspond with this condition of affairs. I shall therefore place the disposable troops on the following lines: From this point to Kansas City and Independence, via the railroad; then from this point to Lexington, via Tabo or Mount Prairie Church, with a line of temporary posts from Tabo to Pleasant Hill at such points as Lone Jack, Chapel Hill, Wagon Knob, &amp;c. With the organization of citizen guards Saline and Pettis Counties can be kept quiet until Jackson and La Fayette have been cleaned out. The quiet possession of these latter counties will separate the guerrillas of this district from those north of the Missouri River, and to more to weaken them than anything else that can be done at present. I have directed a block-house to be built at La Mine bridge, there being none at that point. There is a battery here of four 3-inch guns and two mountain howitzers. The latter are of no use, and the whole battery is of little moment for this service, the horses being in poor condition, and the caissons loaded down with the men. A battery of horse artillery should be stationed here and make as light as possible. Two of the guns should be Napoleons. I have directed that a pack train of two mules to each company be organized for scouting purposes in the field, the mules to be taken from the wagons, the only additional expense being the saddles. I shall withdraw the force from Sedalia, the two companies of citizen guards being sufficient to look after that place.

Your obedient servant,

A. PLEASONTON,

Major-General, Commanding.

