SPECIAL ORDERS, HDQRS. DIST. OF CENTRAL MISSOURI, Numbers 157. Warrensburg, Mo., July 26, 1864.

* * * * * * *

II. Lieutenant E. L. Berthoud, topographical engineer, will repair without delay to La Mine bridge, on the Pacific Railroad, for the purpose of selecting a site on which to erect a block-house for the protection of that crossing. Lieutenant Berthoud will prepare a plan of the building, and will visit the same from time to time for the purpose of giving it such general superintendence as may be required. The commanding officer at La Mine bridge will be placed in immediate charge of the work and will urge the same to completion as rapidly as possible. The necessary labor will be done by the troops stationed at that point, and all necessary tools and material will be furnished by the district quartermaster on requisition of the officers in charge of the work.

* * * * * * *

By order of Major-General Pleasonton:

J. H. STEGER,Assistant Adjutant-General.

WARRENSBURG, July 26, 1864.

Colonel GEORGE H. HALL,

Sedalia:

An order issued to-day directing the building of a block-house at La Mine bridge. The company stationed there, together with Captain Newman's company of militia, will be required to build it. Forward requisition to district quartermaster for necessary tools and material.

By order:

J. H. STEGER,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

SEDALIA, MO., July 26, 1864.

Captain JAMES H. STEGER,

Assistant Adjutant-General:

Colonel McFerran detained detachments of Companies B and M, Fourth Cavalry Missouri State Militia, at Lexington. I request that these detachments be ordered to join their command at Jefferson City. I hope this will be done before the last of his month.

GEORGE H. HALL,

Colonel Fourth Cavalry Missouri State Militia.

[Indorsement.]

This has been done.

J. H. STEGER,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

KANSAS CITY, MO., July 26, 1864.

Captain J. H. STEGER,

Warrensburg:

I have the honor to report per orders from Rosecrans all my command at this station for duty. My men are very much fatigued and horses nearly barefoot.

J. H. FORD,

Colonel, Commanding.

