
Grover, mounted company of infantry, is left here. Shall I send it on? Is headquarters Nineteenth Army Corps here with its staff, or is it in the field?

B. S. ROBERTS,

Brigadier-General, Commanding.
HEADQUARTERS NINETEENTH ARMY CORPS,Morganza, La., July 4, 1864.

Colonel E. J. DAVIS,

Commanding Cavalry:

COLONEL: The commanding general directs that you proceed with your available force at an early hour to-morrow morning to the Atchafalaya, and a thorough reconnaissance to the Atchafalaya. On arriving at the Atchafalaya you will be governed by the information you may receive of the movements of the enemy. It is particularly important at this time that the whole of the country between here and the Atchafalaya should be thoroughly reconnoitered. On you arrival at the Grossetete road you will detach sufficient men to go after the cattle of which the general spoke to you this a. m. This order is given under the supposition that transportation cannot be furnished in several days for the removal of your force. If it should arrive you can be recalled in a few hours. You will take with you such rations as may be considered necessary, but it is desirable that you should return here in two days, if possible.

I am, colonel, respectfully,

FREDERIC SPEED,

Assistant Adjutant-General.
HDQRS. THIRD DIVISION, NINETEENTH ARMY CORPS,Morganza, La., July 4, 1864.

Brigadier General A. L. LEE,

Commanding First Brigade:

SIR: Two regiments are ordered to move from this point with Colonel Davis, of the cavalry, to Fordoche bridge to-morrow morning at daylight to hold it while the cavalry reconnoiters to the Atchafalaya. The commanding general directs that you send the regiments from your brigade. The commanding officer will be instructed to report to Colonel Davis to-night for his orders and also to these headquarters. Two pieces of artillery will accompany the regiments. Two days' rations will be taken in haversacks, but no wagons.

I am, sir, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

B. WILSON,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

THIBODEAUX, July 4, 1864. (Received 7 p. m.)

Major G. B. DRAKE,

Assistant Adjutant-General:

A scout which I sent out returned to-day, having been inside of the enemy's line beyond Franklin. He reports "Bailey Vincent" between Centreville and Pattersonville with 300 men. Colonel Bush, Fourth

