
depots destroyed. Beyond that I don't know how it is. Telegraph not working. I have assumed command of this part of the State by orders from General Fisk two days since as colonel of the Thirty-eighth Regiment Enrolled Missouri Militia. I shall have 300 or 400 men under arms here by night. Have sent out a train and 200 men to see what the enemy are about. We ought to have a force of soldiers here as soon as possible to operate out in the country. In the meantime I shall do what I can with the means at command. It will necessarily be irregular, but I trust effective.

I am, general, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

J. T. K. HAYWARD,

Colonel, Commanding.

HANNIBAL, MO., July 26, 1864.

Major-General ROSECRANS:

Our road forty miles from Hannibal is in the hands of rebels. Bridges and depots burned. I don't know how far west. I have taken command under orders of General Fisk. We need a re-enforcement in this part of the State. I have sent out 200 men to look after the rebels. I shall do the best I can with my means at command, and until I can communicate with General Fisk I will report to you. Don't regard the howl of rebels. I won's do anything improper. I hope you can arm men in Pike County at once. They are ready and there is no time to lose.

J. T. K. HAYWARD,

Colonel Thirty-eight Regiment Enrolled Missouri Militia.

CROOKED RIVER, RAY COUNTY, July 26, 1864.

Brigadier-General FISK:

I have scouted the country along Fishing River and between here and Missouri City. I also have sent a scout over to Claysville. I have only heard of one small squad of guerrillas on Rocky Fork, and have sent fifty men after them. You can be assured there are no guerrillas in force in this section. I move from here to Salem, thence up the river. I sent 200 of the First Iowa [Cavalry] through Hainesville to act upon information they might obtain. Please order by telegraph to Cameron ten days' rations for 650 men from 1st to 10th of August. I have gathered all the information in the country. I think the number of guerrillas greatly exaggerated.

E. C. CATHERWOOD,

Colonel, Commanding.

BROOKFIELD, July 26, 1864.

General C. B. FISK:

Engine just come from east, and reports that rebels came into Shelbina and tore up track and burned two trains and raised the devil generally; said to be 500 strong. Will try and get other reports for you. My men are all out after a band of bushwhackers. Hope they may come in to-night.

E. J. CRANDALL,

Captain.

