
STURGEON, July 26, 1864.

Major-General ROSECRANS:

Bill Anderson's gang of rebels was in Monroe County yesterday. I will have 100 picked men after him on to-morrow, with instructions to follow him until they kill or disband him.

J. B. DOUGLASS,

Brigadier-General.
HDQRS. EIGHTH MIL. DIST., ENROLLED MISSOURI MIL.:

Sturgeon, Mo., July 26, 1864.

Major-General ROSECRANS,Saint Louis, Mo.:

I learn that Bill Anderson was in Monroe County yesterday on his way to Paris. I have men out watching him to get his course. In the meantime I have sent to Major Bartlett for 100 picked men and horses to report to me to-night with these men. I propose to put them on his track with instructions to follow them day and night, never losing his track until they come up with him and compel him to leave the north side of the Missouri River or suffer annihilation. The most of Anderson's men are strangers in the country and they cannot separate and meet together with that facility that those can who are well acquainted with the country. The balance of Major Bartlett's command I will keep in the western part of Boone County, in the Perche Hills, with such other forces as I can get to assist them. I have this day written to General Guitar for his consent to let me have Captain Reed's company, of Ninth Cavalry Missouri State Militia, who are now at Rolla. Captain Reed is a good man, has a good company, and they are well acquainted with the geography of the rebel strongholds in North Missouri. I would very much like to have this company here.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

J. B. DOUGLASS,

Brigadier-General.

SAINT LOUIS, MO., July 26, 1864.

General J. B. DOUGLASS,

Sturgeon, Mo.:

Do as you propose.

W. S. ROSECRANS,

Major-General.
HDQRS. EIGHTH MIL. DIST., ENROLLED MISSOURI MIL.,Sturgeon, Mo., July 26, 1864.

Brigadier General C. B. FISK,

Commanding North Missouri, Saint Joseph, Mo.:

GENERAL: Bill Anderson, with his band of robbers, was in Middle Grove yesterday evening and left in the direction of Paris. Major Bartlett's battalion, Third Missouri State Militia, are in the Perche Hills. I have just ordered him to send me 100 of his best mounted men, with a view of putting them on the track of Anderson, and to follow him until they capture and kill or disperse the whole gang. Anderson is recruiting rapidly, and he must be driven out. His best fighting men are strangers here and do not know the country; consequently

