
they cannot scatter and meet at a given point like the ordinary guerrilla, but are more likely to keep together; and I propose to put a good body of men after him who will give him no rest, day or night, as his force is sufficiently large to be tracked. I have left Columbia entirely unprotected, except by the citizens. We must make the citizens of the towns in a very great measure defend themselves, and get all our available forces in the field and keep them there until these bands are thoroughly driven out. Would be pleased to hear from you and receive any suggestions.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

J. B. DOUGLASS,

Brigadier-General.

[Indorsement.]

Lieutenant CLARKE:

Glad the general is out of the siege at Columbia. Hope he will speedily bring order out of chaos and exterminate the guerrillas. Will need all the good troops he can bring out. The First Iowa Cavalry will be sent to Mexico as soon as we can withdraw from the field.

FISK.

MEXICO, MO., July 26, 1864.

Major-General ROSECRANS:

General Douglass tells me by telegraph that he has asked you to send me some arms and ammunition. Permit me to urge it upon you. I have applied to General Fisk. He says General Douglass will furnish them. The above is his reply. I have but twenty soldiers. There are from the country and town about forty Union men, who temporarily purpose, until an organization can be effected, to volunteer to defend the town. Once the enemy threatened us, but approached no nearer than two miles. Since they have increased in strength, and any day may see them upon us. Fifty pounds of buckshot and a proportionate amount of powder we should have at once, and men can be found to stand behind forty stand of arms if you will send them with ammunition. Overlook my want of official courtesy in addressing you direct, for our case demands immediate attention.

ISAAC GANNETT,

Lieutenant and Assistant Provost-Marshal.

MEXICO, MO., July 26, 1864.

Colonel J. P. SANDERSON,

Provost-Marshal-General:

In view of certain things since transpired, the want of sufficient force here, and the urgent request of Union men, I am constrained to withdraw my request to hold hostages, and request you to permit me to release them on conditions which I shall propose. The Davis murder was not known or expected when they were arrested. My reasons and a report of the case I will make in writing at the first opportunity.

ISAAC GANNETT,

Assistant Provost-Marshal.

