
but I cannot tell what effect the weakening of certain points may have upon their plans. I would like to have a better force at Olathe, but must get along without it if we cannot have this. I think the express could not overtake the general now if started; at all events it would be too late for the crisis.

THO. J. McKEAN,

Brigadier-General.

FORT LEAVENWORTH, July 26, 1864.

Brigadier General THOMAS McKEAN,

Paola:

You asked for two companies of infantry yesterday. Our small forces have to command this place and Leavenworth City, and lending troops to General Fisk, with the rebels opposite to us, makes it doubtful whether we can spare any more troops from this place. Let me know your necessity, and if you think it imperative we must do something for you.

THOS. A. DAVIES,

Brigadier-General, Commanding.
SPECIAL ORDERS, HDQRS. DISTRICT OF SOUTH KANSAS, Numbers 78. Paola, Kans., July 26, 1864.

I. Colonel Thomas Moonlight, Eleventh Regiment Kansas Volunteer Cavalry, will take command in person of the troops of the Second Brigade, temporarily stationed at this post.

* * * * * * *

III. Colonel C. R. Jennison, Fifteenth Regiment Kansas Cavalry, having reported for duty in this district, under orders from department headquarters, will proceed to visit the several companies of his regiment now stationed on the eastern and southern border of the district, with a view to informing himself by personal inspection of their condition and wants in regard to equipments, &amp;c. On the completion of this duty Colonel Jennison will report by telegraph or letter to these headquarters for orders, unless he shall have received orders previous to that time assigning him to other duties.

* * * * * * *

By command of Brigadier-General McKean:

GEO. S. HAMPTON,Assistant Adjutant-General.

PAOLA, July 26, 1864.

Lieutenant Colonel G. H. HOYT,

Olathe:

The trail of the rockets seen corroborates other evidences of the rebel plan to make feint of attack on Kansas City, but to concentrate on Grand River. They may charge their progamme in part owing to the weakening of my command; hence the importance of your position. I have no especial instructions for Waterhouse. It is an object to ascertain as much as possible of the rebel movements east. Look to Aubrey and advise the major.

THO. J. McKEAN,

Brigadier-General, U. S. Volunteers, Commanding District.

