
At a meeting of a portion of the citizens of the county of Audrain, held in Mexico on the 26th day of July, 1864, on motion, Ambrose C. Eubanks was called to act as chairman, and John W. Gamble was appointed secretary. On motion of Captain John W. McRoberts, it was Resolved, That as the situation in which we as unconditional loyal citizens are now placed is of such danger that it is absolutely necessary for us to be relieved, or our lives, our property, and all will be sacrificed to the ravages of the incarnate demons who are roaming through our county as soldiers and friends of the rebel cause;

Resolved, That O. A. A. Gardner, our fellow-citizen, be requested to go to Saint Louis and lay our case before Major-General Rosecrans, and if possible procure some arms and ammunition for our use for a few days until we can complete the organization of a company of men from our country;

Resolved, That we are opposed to serving under other than unconditional men as company officers.

A. C. EUBANKS,

Chairman.

JOHN W. GAMBLE,

Secretary.
SPECIAL ORDERS, HDQRS. DEPARTMENT OF THE GULF, Numbers 109. New Orleans, July 27, 1864.

1. In accordance with instructions from the War Department, contained in letter received July 21, 1864, by the chief mustering officer of the department, the officers of the organization known as Headquarters Troop will be mustered out of service from the date of reception of the instructions above mentioned by the chief mustering officer. The organization is recognized by the War Department, and will continue in its present duty under command of such officers as may from time to time be temporarily assigned to it. Recruiting for the organization will cease from this date.

* * * * * * *

16. The Ninety-sixth U. S. Colored Infantry will proceed without delay to this city, and will be reported to the brigadier-general commanding the Defenses of New Orleans, who is charged with the duty of equipping it for duty in the field as engineers. As soon as equipped the regiment will be reported to Major General J. J. Reynolds, commanding Nineteenth Corps, for embarkation. The quartermaster's department will furnish the necessary transportation.

By command of Major-General Banks:

C. S. SARGENT,Acting Assistant Adjutant-General.

MORGANZA, July 27, 1864.

(Received 11 a. m.)

Major-General REYNOLDS:

In consequence of the interruption in the communication, I could send you no report yesterday. If there is nothing new in reference to the enemy, no force this side of the Atchafalaya, will send an expedition of infantry, cavalry, and artillery to Morgan's Ferry in the morning to break up their camp on the other side. Sent 200 cavalry to

