
occupy Waterloo this morning, and 200 to intermediate stations to protect telegraph. McGinnis' command arrived last night and have encamped on the right. From the best information I can get, the enemy have abandoned the idea of an attack on this place for the present. I hope to have something definite by to-morrow night.
M. K. LAWLER,

Brigadier-General.

BATON ROUGE, July 27, 1864.

Captain O. MATTHEWS,

Assistant Adjutant-General:

My scouts returned late last evening and report that Scott has returned to Clinton with his command. This morning I sent out a scout with instructions to go into Clinton, if possible.

W. P. BENTON,

Brigadier-General, Commanding.
SPECIAL ORDERS, WAR DEPT., ADJT. GENERAL'S OFFICE, Numbers 251. Washington, July 27, 1864.

* * * * * * *

41. Captain John F. Lacey, assistant adjutant-general of volunteers, will report in person, without delay, to the commanding general, Army of Arkansas, for assignment to duty with the First Brigade, Third Division, of that army.

* * * * * * *

By order of the Secretary of War:

E. D. TOWNSEND,Assistant Adjutant-General.

LITTLE ROCK, ARK., July 27, 1864.

Brigadier General C. C. ANDREWS,

Devall's Bluff:

There must be a battalion of dismounted men of the Third Michigan now at the Bluff, who can be sent to Remount Camp and do picket duty on broken-down horses until others arrive. Direct your first attention to cutting down trees, giving good range for your artillery. When that is done, should the health of the troops continue bad, a part can be removed. The building of earth-works can be done by a few men. Doctor Foote is on the morning train.

By order of Brigadier General E. A. Carr:

C. H. DYER,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

DEVALL'S BLUFF, ARK., July 27, 1864.

Major General F. STEELE,

Commanding Department of Arkansas:

Three transports came without escort from Saint Charles, not annoyed at all. Colonel Ritter came with 218 veterans armed and mounted. General Lee writes me: " Rumor says a force of rebels

