
moved yesterday (25th) from Arkansas River to Prairie Landing; also a force moved to a point on the river above here." I cannot credit his apprehensions; will send a copy of his letter to-morrow morning. I have reason to believe Fagan has returned with his command to Camden. Two deserters from Shelby report he was at Batesville Saturday last with his whole force, and that there were no indications of a movement. I hope, general, you will let me have a good force of cavalry here. I want to make it unsafe for the enemy to venture within twenty miles of the railroad. Latest news from the North is that Sherman's guns command Atlanta, and it is reported that General Washburn has a dispatch that the place is in our possession. It appears that Colonel Wilkin was killed in the late battle with Forrest.

C. C. ANDREWS,

Brigadier-General, Commanding.
HDQRS. SECOND DIVISION, SEVENTH ARMY CORPS,Devall's Bluff, July 27, 1864-5.30 p. m.

Captain C. H. DYER,

Assistant Adjutant-General:

Three transports have arrived without escort this side of Saint Charles. They were not fired into or annoyed at all. Colonel Ritter, with 218 veterans, equipped and mounted, came up. He has 285 horses. They are unshod and fifty have the distemper. General Lee detained my scout of 150 men, Ninth Iowa, under Major Ensign. I shall order it back. General Lee was apprehensive of attack, but from the information I have I think there is no danger of his being troubled. Information received this p. m. renders it probable Fagan fell back to Camden two weeks ago, and that Cabell moved up a little toward Pine Bluff. An officer who was down to Saint Charles with Major Ensign states that the scout saw nothing of the enemy going down.

C. C. ANDREWS,

Brigadier-General, Commanding.

LITTLE ROCK, ARK., July 27, 1864.

Brigadier General C. C. ANDREWS,

Devall's Bluff:

Allow Colonel Ritter to come forward with his command by land and join his brigade.

By order of Brigadier General E. A. Carr:

C. H. DYER,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

BROWNSVILLE, July 27, 1864-1.30 p. m.

Captain C. H. DYER,

Assistant Adjutant-General:

I am camped with my brigade half a mile north of his place; arrived there at 1 o'clock this p. m. I will be obliged to move in the morning to Bayou Metoe on account of the scarcity of water.

Respectfully,

W. F. GEIGER,

Colonel.

27 R R-VOL XLI, PT II.

