HEADQUARTERS DISTRICT OF LITTLE ROCK,Little Rock, Ark., July 27, 1864. (Received 8.20 p. m.)

Colonel W. F. GEIGER,

Commanding Cavalry Brigade, Brownsville, Ark.:

There seems to be some apprehension that Shelby is going to cross the Arkansas near where he went up. He is evidently concentrating for some purpose, but I doubt the probability of his going west simply because it has been so much hinted. I want your brigade kept in readiness to move, and information to be obtained by small scouts. I would much prefer to have you near Brownsville, but you cannot, of course, stay there without water. If Shelby is not moving west I would rather have you on Bayou Two Prairie than on Bayou Metoe, but would prefer some point from two to five miles from Brownsville. Your camp should be moved every few days. Try to get your brigade in condition for active service with as many men as possible. Send as many horses here to be shod as you please. Let the commanding officer report to me or my quartermaster. Telegraph me to-night what you intend to do to-morrow, and how many effective men you have. If you can remain near Brownsville to-morrow I will be glad, but do not left your troops suffer. It might be well to march to Bayou Metoe and camp there for a day or two. Colonel Ritter, with 218 men, has arrived at the Bluff, and will be moving along the road toward Little Rock.

E. A. CARR,

Brigadier-General, Commanding.
HDQRS. THIRD Brigadier, SECOND DIV., 7TH ARMY CORPS,Brownsville, July 27, 1864-11 p. m.

Captain C. H. DYER,

Assistant Adjutant-General, Little Rock, Ark.:

Dispatch of general commanding just received. I can remain here two or three days. I have with me 700 effective men and 150 men who were sent on a scout to Saint Charles, who should be here to-morrow; also the same number who were sent to Searcy that should return tomorrow. I have 230 men belonging to these three regiments guarding hay-makers on the prairie. I will send about 200 of the horses belonging to the Eleventh Missouri to Little Rock to-morrow to be shod.

Respectfully, &amp;c.,

W. F. GEIGER,

Colonel.
HDQRS. SECOND DIVISION, SEVENTH ARMY CORPS,Devall's Bluff, July 27, 1864.

Lieutenant Colonel G. MOYERS,

Commanding Third Michigan Cavalry:

I wish a detail from your regiment of one or two commissioned officers and fifty men for an important scout, to start this a. m. as soon as 5 o'clock, to go about thirty miles and co-operate to-morrow with a small force of infantry to move early in the morning on a steam-boat. Please send one of your best officers. Have him report to me in person immediately for instructions, and have the men get ready with two day's rations,

Yours, &c.,

C. C. ANDREWS,

Brigadier-General, Commanding.

