
LEWISBURG, July 27, 1864-5 p. m.

Captain C. H. DYER,

Assistant Adjutant-General:

Shelby is reported to be in Oil Trough Bottom. I think he will cross the Little Red at Hillyer's Ferry, and report says he expects to cross the Arkansas River by Sunday.

Respectfully,

A. H. RYAN,

Colonel.

(Copy to Colonel W. F. Geiger, at Brownsville, Ark.)

LITTLE ROCK, July 27, 1864.

Colonel P. CLAYTON,

Pine Bluff:

Any news of Fagan? Commander Phelps writes that part of all his troops have crossed the Arkansas, and that Arkansas Post is occupied by the enemy. General Lee writes General Andrews that rebel troops have gone to Prairie Landing, and that another force has struck White River above Saint Charles. I don't believe any of these stories. Fleet just in. Report says that Sherman has possession of Atlanta; his guns commanded the place. Shelby is reported by deserters at Batesville with his command. There is also a report from General Andrews that Fagan has returned to Camden. By flag of truce yesterday I learned that there was a considerable force this side of Camden.

F. STEELE,

Major-General.

PINE BLUFF, July 27, 1864.

(Received 10.30 p. m. 28th.)

Captain C. H. DYER,

Assistant Adjutant-General:

A scout came in to-day from the direction of the Saline River who reports that eighteen pieces of artillery were sent week before last from Camden to Red Fork, on the Arkansas, and that rebel troops are numerous on the Saline. General Price still at Camden. Our pickets and the rebel pickets on the Napoleon road are about three miles apart.

POWELL CLAYTON,

Colonel, Commanding.

NEW ORLEANS, July 27, 1864.

(Received August 2.)

Major General C. C. WASHBURN,

Memphis:

I inclose herewith copy of dispatch* just received from General Steele. I do not know to what troops he particularly refers in speaking about diverted re-enforcement, but if any such have been stopped at Memphis I have to request that they may be sent to him at once, together with the troops received by you from Missouri during the last month. The enemy, under Kirby Smith, is moving down the Atchafalaya in considerable force, but I think that his movements, as well as

---------------

* See p. 231.

---------------

