
Louisiana Cavalry, is four miles and a half above Franklin with 1,100 men. A large part of these troops are conscripts and not all armed. They find plenty of corn and bee for the command at present. The larger part of the force he thinks, from all he can learn, is at Alexandria. Al quiet to-night.

R. A. CAMERON,

Brigadier-General of Volunteers, Commanding District.

THIBODEAUX, July 4, 1864. (Received 8.40 p. m.)

Major GEORGE B. DRAKE,

Department of the Gulf:

A scout arriving at Brashear reports 200 of the enemy in the lakes who design to cut the railroad if possible. We will watch for them. All quiet otherwise.

R. A. CAMERON,

Brigadier-General, Commanding.
HEADQUARTERS DISTRICT OF EASTERN ARKANSAS,Helena, Ark., July 4, 1864.

Lieutenant Colonel W. D. GREEN,

Assistant Adjutant-General:

SIR: For the information of Major-General Steele I state that about midnight of the 2nd of July a party of seventy mounted men of Shelby's forces arrived at the mouth of the Saint Francis River, under the command of Lieutenant or Captain McCoy, who seized a small boat from Mr. Porter, and a party of about fourteen crossed to the sen-bar, where the steamer Mariner has been high and dry aground for one month past, and after robbing Captain Collin and his crew of nine persons, set the boat on fire. The captain and crew were permitted to embark in a yawl for this place. This boat had had a Government freight which was promptly removed by the assistant quartermaster at this post at the time of her getting aground. This force came through Marianna. They informed Porter that Shelby's entire force consisted of 6,000 men. Colonel A. S. Dobbin has been latterly west of Big Creek with a cavalry brigade. I have sent a party in pursuit of the boat burners, with orders if any of them are captured and proof can be had of the fact to hang them on the spot. Captain McCoy states he burned the boat by Shelby's order. I think it important to have the name of this officer and his deeds known at headquarters.

Your obedient servant,

N. B. BUFORD,

Brigadier-General, Commanding.
HEADQUARTERS DISTRICT OF EASTERN ARKANSAS,Helena, Ark., July 4, 1864.

Major General C. C. WASHBURN,

Commanding District of West Tennessee:

DEAR SIR: I have this day received dispatches from General Canby approving my action in sending the Panola and other boats back and closing the trade-stores at the mouth of White River. He commands the utmost rigor in prohibiting trade with the enemy.

