
week longer. Do not think the prospect very flattering. You must not expect too much of me, but I shall accomplish something if possible.

JOHN T. BURRIS,

Lieutenant-Colonel.

ROLLA, July 27, 1864.

Colonel O. D. GREENE,

Assistant Adjutant-General:

I am just advised that a band of twenty bushwhackers robbed Vienna, the county seat of Maries Country, about daylight this morning. The band moved west when they left.

O. GUITAR,

Brigadier-General.

GENERAL ORDERS, HDQRS. DIST. OF CENTRAL MISSOURI, Numbers 41. Warrensburg, Mo., July 27, 1864.

Sub-districts of the District of General Missouri as heretofore existing (with the exception of the Fourth Sub-District) are hereby discontinued and the district is resub-districted, and until further orders will be commanded as follows, to wit: The First Sub-District will comprise all that portion of the district lying south of Saline County and east of the eastern line of Johnson, Henry, and Saint Clair Counties, headquarters at Jefferson City, Colonel John S. Wolfe, One hundred and thirty-fifth Infantry Illinois Volunteers, commanding. The Second Sub-District will consist of the counties of La Fayette and Saline, headquarters at Lexington, Colonel James McFerran, First Cavalry Missouri State Militia, commanding. The Third Sub-District will be composed of the counties of Johnson, Henry, and Saint Clair, headquarters at Warrensburg,

------

------

commanding.

By order of Major-General Pleasonton:

J. H. STEGER,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

SAINT JOSEPH, July 27, 1864.

Major-General PLEASONTON,

Warrensburg:

The guerrillas are concentrating in eastern portion of my district, and yesterday burned large bridge on Hannibal and Saint Joseph Railroad near Shelbina. I am of the opinion that but few of the rascals can be left on your side of the river. General Rosecrans assured me that Colonel Ford's command would remain on this side until we were out of this trouble, but I learn from the telegraph operator that he has returned to Kansas City. Can you inform me of his where-abouts and contemplated movements? If I cannot rely upon him, must ask General Rosecrans for other forces. Please answer.

CLINTON B. FISK,

Brigadier-General.

SPECIAL ORDERS, HDQRS. DIST. OF SOUTHWEST MISSOURI, Numbers 200. Springfield, Mo., July 27, 1864.

* * * * * * *

II. The headquarters of the Second Regiment Arkansas Cavalry Volunteers will be established at Springfield, Mo., until further orders,

