
and the regimental staff officers on duty at the present headquarters of the regiment will proceed with the regimental books and papers to this post. Colonel John E. Phelps, Second Arkansas Cavalry, will, in addition to his duties as member of the general court-martial now in session at Springfield, Mo., command his regiment. Lieutenant Colonel H. Cameron, Second Arkansas Cavalry, will remain in command of the post of Cassville, Mo.

* * * * * * *

By order of Brigadier-General Sanborn:

W. D. HUBBARD,

First Lieutenant and Acting Assistant Adjutant-General.

SAINT LOUIS, MO., July 27, 1864.

General FISK,

Saint Joseph, Mo.:

In reply to your telegram* the general commanding directs me to say there are plenty of infantry arms here, but no cavalry arms.

O. D. GREENE,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

SAINT JOSEPH, July 27, 1864.

Colonel O. D. GREENE,

Saint Louis:

The guerrilla hunters are doing good service. Small squads of the rascals are raked out of the brush and mustered out on the spot. The damage to the Hannibal and Saint Joseph Railroad was the destruction of the Salt River bridge, and the railway property at Shelbina and Lakenan. There are many bands of guerrillas in Monroe, Shelby, Marion, and Ralls Counties. Colonel Hayward is calling out the Enrolled Missouri Militia of his regiment. I have citizen guards at the other bridges, and have directed that the North Missouri Railroad be guarded by citizens until General Douglass can get the militia on duty.

CLINTON B. FISK,

Brigadier-General.

STURGEON, July 27, 1864.

Major-General ROSECRANS:

Just received letter from Macon City. Rebels burned Shelbina and Salt River bridge, on Hannibal and Saint Joe Railroad yesterday.

Threatened to attack Macon City. Two hundred militia at Macon City without arms. Those rebels are Bill Anderson's band. Macon City is cut off from telegraphic communication.

J. B. DOUGLASS,

Brigadier-General.

STURGEON, July 27, 1864.

Major-General ROSECRANS:

One hundred rebels passed north of here toward Mexico last night. I go down by this evening's express with a few troops. Great danger of bridges being destroyed to-night.

J. B. DOUGLASS,

Brigadier-General.

---------------

* See Part I, p. 174.

---------------

