
be used under the direction of the military authorities of the county in fighting bushwhackers and thieves; also a permit authorizing our county court to purchase $500 worth of ammunition for the use of these companies, to be issued out under the direction of the post commander at Carrollton, Mo. If he above suggestions are followed, we are satisfied, general, you will not be troubled with any disturbances arising in this county.

Hoping to hear from you soon, we remain, very respectfully, your obedient servants,

GEORGE DIEGEL,

DAVID GILBERT,

J. L. CALVERT,

I. H. GRAHAM,

JONATHAN HILL,

Committee.

GENERAL FIELD ORDERS, HDQRS. DEPARTMENT OF KANSAS, Numbers 1. In the Field, Fort Ellsworth, July 27, 1864.

I. The troops assembled in this campaign of the upper Arkansas will be organized and in line of battle form as follows: First, regiment of volunteer militia, Colonel Price, on the right; second, right section Ninth Wisconsin Battery, Lieutenant Edington; third, Colonel Scott's regiment volunteer militia; fourth, all the U. S. Volunteers, forming a battalion under Captain Booth, on the left. Firing in camp will be avoided.

II. Hunters will be detailed for killing game, but the troops must not scatter and break down stock to chase buffalo. Indians at was with us will be the object of our pursuit and destruction, but women and children must be spared. All horses, ponies, and property taken will be placed in charge of Quartermaster P. Z. Taylor, who will have it properly collected, or sent back to safe places for future disposition. This is necessary to prevent the accumulation of useless baggage.

S. R. CURTIS,

Major-General.

OMAHA, July 27, 1864.

Major CHARLOT:

Following just received:

Lieutenant J. A. WILCOX,

Acting Assistant Adjutant-General:

Arrived here to-day. I find the difficulties much more than I anticipated. There is scarcely a day passes but what depredations are committed. Is Company D, Second Nebraska Veteran Cavalry, full? Has the Governor ordered any militia subject to my orders? All the thoroughfares must be patrolled for hundreds of miles.

ROBT. B. MITCHELL,

Brigadier-General, Commanding.

Colonel R. R. Livingston has tendered the services of the veterans of his regiment, now here on a furlough. If accepted, can horses to mount them be taken and a competent board of officers appraise them, so that if any are lost such can be paid for?

JOHN A. WILCOX,

Lieutenant and Acting Assistant Adjutant-General.

