
On the night of the 2nd instant a party of Shelby's force burned the steamer Mariner, which has been high and dry on a sand-bar above the mouth of the Saint Francis River. Captain McCoy stated he acted by General Shelby's order. I have a party in pursuit with orders should they capture any of the boat-burners and obtain proof to hang them on the spot. The rebels disregard the laws of war and humanity.

Allow me to express my admiration of your administration of affairs in Memphis. I felt sure that as you had put your hand to the plow you would not look back. When you seize the corrupt Treasury agents and treat them as you do the city authorities you will do a great public service.

I have the honor to be, your friend and obedient servant,

N. B. BUFORD,

Brigadier-General, Commanding.
HDQRS. FIRST DIVISION, SEVENTH ARMY CORPS,Little Rock, Ark., July 4, 1864.

COMMANDING OFFICER FOURTH ARKANSAS CAVALRY:

SIR: Pursuant to instructions from district headquarters you will have every available man in your command prepared to march forthwith on a scout to Caddo Gap. The pickets from your command will be relieved by a detail from the Third U. S. Cavalry, and as soon as they return to camp the regiment will march. You will report in person to these headquarters.

By order of Brigadier General F. Salomon:

GEO. W. BURCHARD,

Acting Assistant Adjutant-General.

PINE BLUFF, ARK., July 4, 1864.

Lieutenant Colonel W. D. GREEN,

Assistant Adjutant-General, Department of Arkansas:

It is reported that Marmaduke is crossing the Arkansas near Red Fork. I will send a scout down on the opposite side of the river to investigate the matter. It is also reported that the enemy intend crossing a portion of their troops over the Mississippi. This latter report comes from rebel sources. Surgeon Wall came in night before last from our hospital at Mark's Mills. He thinks the enemy has a considerable force of infantry near Monticello. I am of the opinion that the enemy will attempt to cut off communication between this place and Little Rock. A subordinate officer told Doctor Wall that that was the programme. I think we can rely upon his taking one of the three following courses:

First. An attack upon this post, commencing by cutting off communication and investing the place. Second. A demonstration in this direction with a view of crossing troops over the Mississippi. Third. An attempt to cut off communication in the rear of Little Rock. I respectfully recommend that this post be furnished with a larger amount of supplies of all kinds. If an attack is made upon this post the enemy will undoubtedly use artillery against us from the opposite side of the river. We ought to have artillery of sufficient range to make

