
III. The organization of the retained regiments will be the maximum prescribed by the instructions from the War Department, but under the circumstances of the case the enlisted men transferred from the disbanded regiments and the recruits obtained from the colored laborers on the plantations will distributed so as to equalize the strength of the retained regiments, and any further consolidation of these regiments that may be necessary will be determined on the 31st proximo.

IV. In order to facilitate the examination of the officers of these regiments the instructions given in General Orders, Numbers 17, are so far modified that the field officers will be examined by a board of officers to be assembled in this city, and the company and regimental staff officers by a board composed of at least two field officers of the regiment, who have been examined and approved, and a medical officer. It is expected that these examinations will be completed and the organization of the regiments effected by the 31st of August. The commander of the Department of the Gulf will take the necessary measures to give effect to this order.

By order of Major General E. R. S. Canby:

C. T. CHRISTENSEN,

Major and Assistant Adjutant-General.
SPECIAL ORDERS, HDQRS. MIL. DIV. OF WEST MISSISSIPPI. Numbers 81. New Orleans, La., July 28, 1864.

* * * * * * *

VI. The company of the Fifteenth Illinois Cavalry now serving in the Department of the Gulf will put en route to Helena, Ark., to be reported on its arrival to Brigadier General N. S. Buford, commanding District of Eastern Arkansas. The quartermaster's department will furnish the necessary transportation.

* * * * * * *

By order of Major General E. R. S. Canby:

C. T. CHRISTENSEN,Major and Assistant Adjutant-General.

SPECIAL ORDERS, HDQRS. DEPARTMENT OF THE GULF, Numbers 201. New Orleans, July 28, 1864.

1. In compliance with orders from headquarters Division of West Mississippi, the company of the Fifteenth Illinois Cavalry now serving in this department will be on board the steamer W. R. Arthur by 4 p. m. to-day, en route for Helena, Ark., where it will be reported to Brigadier-General Buford, commanding District of Eastern Arkansas. All officers and enlisted men of this company on detached service will at once rejoin their command. The chief of cavalry Department of the Gulf is charged with the execution of this order.

* * * * * * *

22. The commanding officer of Company I, Sixth Missouri Cavalry, will, on the receipt of this order, turn in to the ordnance department the four mountain howitzers and all artillery ordnance stores for which he is responsible, and report his command to the commanding officer of his regiment for duty as cavalry.

By command of Major-General Banks:

C. S. SARGENT,

Acting Assistant Adjutant-General.

