
CIRCULAR.] HDQRS DEPARTMENT OF THE GULF,

OFFICE OF CHIEF OF ARTILLERY,

New Orleans, July 28, 1864.

By direction of the commanding general of the department a camp of instruction for reserve artillery is hereby established near Carrollton. Captain J. T. Foster, First Wisconsin Battery, is hereby assigned to the command of this camp. The following-named commanding officers of batteries will report in person without delay to Captain Foster for instructions and assignment to positions in the camp of instruction for reserve artillery, viz: Lieutenant Jacoby, commanding First Indiana Battery; Lieutenant Stillman, commanding Company G, First Michigan Artillery; Captain Beach, commanding Second Ohio Battery; Captain Twist, commanding Sixteenth Ohio Battery; Captain Fish, commanding Company A, First Missouri Artillery; Lieutenant Dorman, commanding Company F, First Missouri Artillery; Lieutenant Steger, commanding Company E, Second Illinois.

By command of Brigadier General Richard Arnold:

E. R. CRAFT,

Acting Assistant Adjutant-General.

NEW ORLEANS, July 28, 1864-11.15 a. m.

General LAWLER,

Morganza:

We have rumor that a party from Woodville propose planting a battery at Tunica Bend. Give it to you for what it is worth.

J. J. REYNOLDS,

Major-General.

THIBODEAUX, July 28, 1864.

Major GEORGE B. DRAKE,

Assistant Adjutant-General:

A party of twelve or more rebels came within ten miles of Donaldsonville last night for the purpose of robbing a trade store. They succeeded, and have made off with the booty. This store was no doubt kept for their accommodation, and they only robbed their friends of what they would have sent them in a few days.

R. A. CAMERON,

Brigadier-General of Volunteers, Commanding District.

THIBODEAUX, July 28, 1864-9 a. m.

Major GEORGE B. DRAKE,

Assistant Adjutant-General:

The reported rebel raid after horses on this side of Lake Natchez yesterday proved to be a myth. Rumors which I hope to get more tangible indicate a movement toward Morganza. The amount of smuggling [going] on from planation and other trade stores where there is no garrison is immense, and the stores ought to be broken up. One man reported to me yesterday that he saw sixty barrels of pork and ten cases of goods on Bayou Sorrel, going from Plaquemine to the rebel army.

R. A. CAMERON,

Brigadier-General.

