
east of White River, and that Shelby himself was stopping at Doctor Pickett's, half way between Augusta and Jacksonport. I except later news from that direction to-night or in the morning.*

C. C. ANDREWS,

Brigadier, General, Commanding Second Division, Seventh Army Corps.

BROWNSVILLE, July 28, 1864-7.30 a. m.

Captain C. H. DYER,

Assistant Adjutant-General:

I sent this morning 150 horses belonging to the Eleventh Missouri Cavalry to Little Rock to be shod. They will reach there some time this afternoon. I would like to have permission to relieve the men belonging to the Eighth Missouri and Ninth Iowa who are on hay guard by men from the Eleventh Missouri. I am having horses shod as fast as possible at Brownsville Station.

W. F. GEIGER,

Commanding Brigade.

PINE BLUFF, ARK., July 28, 1864-12 m.

Major-General STEELE:

Fagan's headquarters are about ten miles this side of Monticello. He frequently visits his troops on the Arkansas, which, as I before told you, I think consists of about three brigades. I do not believe that any considerable force is upon the opposite side of the Arkansas. I crossed a train of fifty-four wagons over the pontoon bridge yesterday morning and brought in a fine lot of forage. The train is on that side to-day for same purpose. The bridge is a splendid one. I could cross my whole command over it in an hour and a half. One of my scouts has just returned. He went down forty-five miles between Bayou Bartholomew and Monticello. He reports the roads leading from the Arkansas River toward Monticello as being very much cut up with trains. He says the enemy is hauling forage and other supplies from the Arkansas Valley toward Monticello. Sixteen pieces of artillery were sent about ten days ago from the other side of the Saline, either to Monticello or the Arkansas River; this is reliable. The enemy has gathered in and stored at Princeton a large amount of wheat and corn-about 10,000 bushels. They have about 300 men guarding it; this is reliable. In my opinion the enemy's cavalry is very much scattered. I think a command of 2,000 mounted men with a proportionate amount of horse artillery could (if concentrated with secrecy at some central point and moved with rapidity) cut them up in detail. There is certainly an infantry force at or near Monticello. I am unable to give their strength; it is reported from 2,000 to 3,000. Will you please answer my dispatches in reference to the mustering out of the First Indiana Cavalry, the four companies of the Fifth Kansas Cavalry, the purchase of horse equipments in the possession of private soldiers, and whether or nor I have authority to retain officers on my staff after the terms of service of their companies have expired.

POWELL CLAYTON,

Colonel, Commanding.

---------------

* See also Andrews to Dyer, Part I, p. 174.

---------------

28 R R-VOL XLI, PT II.

