
shortly, and, in fact, the time for our departure, as set by them, some time ago passed. Perhaps, after all, their forward movement was only to procure conscripts and cattle. They have succeeded well in both or these objects. I hope you will have good success, and I shall be happy to co-operate with you in every way I am able.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

C. C. ANDREWS,

Brigadier-General, Commanding.

SAINT LOUIS, MO., July 28, 1864.

(Received 3 a. m. 29th.)

Honorable C. A. DANA,

Assistant Secretary of War:

Our counterfeit money investigation has proved a great success. Am working with General Rosecrans in the matter of burning public property. Think I shall discover the incendiaries. Shall return as soon as possible.

L. C. BAKER.
SPECIAL ORDERS, WAR DEPT., ADJT. GENERAL'S OFFICE, Numbers 252. Washington, July 28, 1864.

* * * * * * *

50. Captain J. M. Robertson, Second U. S. Artillery, will report in person without delay to the commanding general Department of Missouri, and Colonel William Myers, additional aide-de-camp, chief quartermaster at Saint Louis, Mo., to relieve Captain C. H. McNally, Third U. S. Cavalry, in his duties as inspector of horses and mules. Captain McNally, on being relieved, will proceed without delay to join his regiment in the field.

* * * * * * *

By order of the Secretary of War:

E. D. TOWNSEND,Assistant Adjutant-General.

GENERAL ORDERS, HDQRS. DEPARTMENT OF THE MISSOURI, Numbers 134. Saint Louis, Mo., July 28, 1864.

MISSOURIANS:

I. Rebel officers and soldiers from Price's army have been sent or permitted to come among you to recruit, rob, plunder, and murder as best they can in violation of the laws of war and of humanity. Spread over the country, with robbers and desperadoes from home and abroad, they carry spoliation, terror, and death into districts where peace and quiet should reign undisturbed, and they add to the distress of the people, whom they drive to the brush or compel to abandon their crops and avocations, and to stand guard over their own lives, by terrorism, by threatening them with raids from Shelby and Marmaduke, or the invasion of the State by the rebel army. To enable you to cope with small roving squads of guerrillas, the commanding general urged you in General Orders 107 to organize and select trustworthy companies of your citizens to be armed and empowered to act as Provisional Enrolled Militia for local defense, and trusts you will complete the rolls, carefully

