
revise and submit them, through the channels prescribed, for his approval without delay. But to meet emergencies and outbreaks like those in North Missouri and to be prepared for future threatened dangers without the distressing, expensive, and inconvenient resort to calling out the militia on every occasion, he has received authority from the War Department to call out such number of volunteers and for such periods of service as he may deem necessary. Under this authority he calls on the gallant and loyal people of Missouri for nine regiments of six and twelve months' volunteers, to be organized and mustered into the U. S. service at the following designated points: Two regiments at Benton Barracks, Saint Louis, Mo.; one regiment at Saint Joseph, Mo.; one regiment at Macon, Mo.; one regiment at Hannibal, Mo.; one regiment at Rolla, Mo.; one regiment at Pilot Knob, Mo.; one regiment at Sedalia, Mo.; one regiment at Springfield, Mo. In all cases these regiments will be recruited for twelve months' service when they can be promptly raised for that period, otherwise they will be accepted for six months.

II. Organizations of volunteers by companies or half companies, whether from the militia or elsewhere, reporting to the district commander, will be at once accepted, subject to the U. S. mustering regulations, and on his approval mustered into the service of the United States by the officers assigned for that purpose. The officers will be commissioned by the Governor, on the recommendation of the U. S. district commander, with the approval of the general commanding the department.

III. Field officers of regiments and battalions, on like recommendation and approval, will be commissioned and mustered in, so soon as their commands have the legal numbers.

IV. The assistant commissaries of musters of districts are assigned to duty as mustering-in officers for this organization, and will make their reports in that connection direct to Colonel E. B. Alexander, U. S. Army, superintendent volunteer recruiting service for the State.

V. Volunteers or militia now in service under the recent emergencies have the thanks of the commanding general for their prompt and patriotic response to the call of the country, in which they have periled life, serving at their own expense; and are informed that as far as practicable they will be mustered in to cover the period of their actual service as citizens.

VI. The commanding general calls attention to the great importance to all concerned of selecting for officers none but capable, brave, loyal, honest, sober, industrious, and law-abiding men. He hopes that every word of this may be fully weighed, assuring them that in his experience most of the demoralization, suffering, and inefficiency which it has been his lot everywhere to see, has arisen from not taking due precaution in the selection of officers. Let soldiers beware especially of good easy fellows, who have not the independence and energy of character to command. Misery, demoralization, and favoritism will be their lot under all such commanders.

VII. U. S. district commanders will give strict attention to this, aiding in the selection, and recommending none without satisfactory evidence of fitness for command.

VIII. The organization of these troops will be under the direction of the adjutant-general of the State, and correspondence, rolls, and recommendations for commissions, approved by the U. S. district commanders, as has been directed, will be addressed to Brigadier General John B. Gray, adjutant-general, Saint Louis, Mo.

