
IX. District commanders will make the necessary requisitions for arms, clothing, camp and garrison equipage and subsistence, and supply these volunteers in accordance with general orders and army regulations. The commanding general confidently expects a prompt and cordial response to this call, and invokes the efforts of the entire loyal people, uniting with their Governor and the department commander, to have these troops ready for service in a very few days.

By command of Major-General Rosecrans:

O. D. GREENE,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

PILOT KNOB, MO., July 28, 1864.

General EWING,

Saint Louis:

A deserter just in from Shelby's army says that Shelby has about 5,000 men, only 1,600 of whom are well armed. The others are nearly all conscripts. He has a good many shotguns and rifles among the conscripts, making over 2,000 men armed. Headquarters of Shelby's command is within ten miles of Jacksonport, between there and Batesville. Troops left Bloomfield yesterday morning at 8 o'clock to look after Shelby. I understand about 100 paroled soldiers will be here to-night or to-morrow.

J. F. TYLER,

Colonel, Commanding.

KANSAS CITY, MO., July 28, 1864.

Captain JAMES H. STEGER:

I would respectfully ask that I may be allowed to send my troops to their respective stations as they were before they were ordered to Northwest Missouri. As my command consists of detachments of every company in the regiment, their reports are back. By so doing I can reorganize and have a stronger force in the field than I have yet had. Please answer immediately.

JAS. H. FORD,

Colonel, Commanding.

WARRENSBURG, July 28, 1864.

Colonel J. H. FORD,

Kansas City:

Send your command to their proper stations and report by telegraph the strength of the command at each station.

By order:

J. H. STEGER,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

STATION HARRISONVILLE, MO., July 28, 1864.

Colonel FORD,

Commanding Fourth Sub-District, District of the Border:

SIR: It becomes my duty to report to you that to-day, about 1 p. m., a company of men, represented to be Captain Curtis' company (F), of

