
the Fifteenth Kansas Volunteer Cavalry, came into this place in the following manner: They entered from the west side of the town, and when they had ascended to the top of the hill, immediately west of town, and when in about fifty to seventy yards of our pickets stationed at the Baptist Church in the edge of the town, they were challenged to halt by the picket as many as three times. Not halting, the picket presented his gun at them, when halted, but the company presented their guns at the picket, and told him if he fired on them that they would kill him, whereupon the picket ran into town, they following close after. The U. S. flag was floating over the public square at the time in full view of the company. It is due to the officer in command to state that he said that he did not hear the challenge to halt, but persons at a much greater distance profess to have heard it. It is further stated that the officer in command of the company while in town said that if his company had been fired on by the picket that he would have burned the town and killed every man in it; that the whole regiment was in the county. About 2 p. m. they left in a southwest direction. Several houses are on fire in the direction in which they have gone, no doubt fired by them-houses that have been unoccupied for from one to two years. Will you cause this statement, through the district commander, to be made known to the commander of the Department of the Missouri, so that if he thinks proper to do so he may call the attention of the commander of the Department of Kansas to these facts. While we are at all times pleased to have Kansas troops among us, and to have their aid in battling against a common enemy, we think that courtesy due to us which we are at all times willing to extend to them. We object, too, to the destruction of property, which can do the public enemy no harm, but can only result in the injury of the present loyal population of the county and those that may come in hereafter to repeople the country.

I am, sir, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

A. ROBINSON,

Captain Company A, Enrolled Missouri Militia, Commanding Station.

JULY 29-10 a. m.

Some eight or ten houses are known to have been burned on yesterday; others are being burned this morning in a west direction. I have no mounted force at my command, nor sufficient force not mounted to spate from the defense of the station to send out to prevent the burning.

I am, &amp;c.,

A. ROBINSON.

PACIFIC, July 28, 1864.

General SANBORN:

I have authority to raise two twelve-months' regiments. I will commission company officers as soon as they enlist companies. Please give notice. Am on my way home.

S. H. BOYD.

