
SAINT JOSEPH, July 28, 1864.

Colonel O. D. GREENE,

Assistant Adjutant-General:

I have just received the following telegram from General Pleasonton:

WARRENSBURG, MO., July 27, 1864.

General FISK:

Colonel Ford has returned to this district and cannot be spared.

A. PLEASONTON.

Governed by your telegram of the 25th instant, which stated that Ford's command is to be retained on the north side of the river for some time yet, I ordered the First Iowa to remove to Mexico. Am I to understand that I cannot rely upon Ford for further aid and make my dispositions accordingly?

CLINTON B. FISK,

Brigadier-General.

[Indorsement.]

You must arrange to do without Colonel Ford.

W. S. R[OSECRANS],

Major-General.

SAINT JOSEPH, July 28, 1864.

Colonel O. D. GREENE,

Assistant Adjutant-General, Saint Louis:

Thornton's conspiracy is rapidly flickering out. A portion of his men crossed the Missouri River near Lexington. Others are in small bands in the brush, while great numbers are leaving him and sending their friends to my headquarters to plead for mercy and terms of return to the United States. Captain Ford and his entire company of Paw Paw militia have this day petitioned me from the brush to permit them to "return again and five." I have ordered that they with all others seeking deliverance be permitted to surrender and be protected in coming to my headquarters, when I will make proper disposition of their cases. Please advise me in this delicate duty. What can I do with them? The largest body of the rascals I now know of is west of Grand River (about 100), in the neighborhood of Hainesville, and the Sixth Cavalry, Missouri State Militia, under Colonel Catherwood, killed several of that party this morning.

CLINTON B. FISK,

Brigadier-General.

SAINT JOSEPH, July 28, 1864.

Lieutenant Colonel D. J. HYNES,

Weston, Mo.:

We had about 150 citizen soldiers moving south from here under Major Cranor, of Enrolled Missouri Militia, but they were only eight miles out last night. The party seen were undoubtedly bushwhackers. Some of Major Cranor's men will move in the direction of Iatan to-day. Be careful and avoid collisions. The established signals will be in use after to-morrow. Major Tunison has knowledge of them.

By order of Brigadier-General Fisk:

G. A. HOLLOWAY,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

