
any position on that side untenable, for if he can hold a position on that side he can enfilade the flanks of our defenses and do us a great deal of harm.

POWELL CLAYTON,

Colonel, Commanding.

PINE BLUFF, ARK., July 4, 1864-8.30 p. m.

Captain C. H. DYER,

Asst. Adjt. General, District of Little Rock:

A scout of 200 men was sent down on the other side of the Arkansas to feel for the enemy in that direction, as Marmaduke was reported crossing at Red Fork.

POWELL CLAYTON,

Colonel, Commanding.
HDQRS. EIGHTH MIL. DIST., ENROLLED MO. MILITIA,Columbia, Mo., July 4, 1864.

Brigadier General C. B. FISK,

Saint Joseph, Mo.:

GENERAL: I received an order a day or two since from Saint Louis to have two companies on the North Missouri Railroad ready to report to you for duty in guarding bridges, &amp;c., on said road. I have taken the necessary steps t have the men ready at the earliest possible moment. We have no time to delay. Unless we make a united effort, and make it now, this whole country will be overrun. I am here entirely powerless, surrounded by a large quantity of armed rebels. Our citizens are entirely unable to organize under General Rosecrans' recent order, as we are completely in the power of these men, and we will have to wait until we can get assistance to drive these men out.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

J. B. DOUGLASS,

Brigadier-General.

WESTON, MO., July 4, 1864.

[Captain GEORGE A. HOLLOWAY:]

CAPTAIN: Had a small skirmish yesterday. Killed 6 bushwhackers; had 2 men wounded. Mr. Robinson, who carries this, will give you particulars. Will make report when I get to Saint Joseph. I will go on from here to Liberty with the railroad party.

Respectfully,

DAN. M. DRAPER,

Lieutenant-Colonel.

LIBERTY, MO., July 4, 1864.

Major General W. S. ROSECRANS:

DEAR SIR: I am grieved to inform you that this morning whilst Captain Kemper was on a scout in this country (Clay), about ten miles from Liberty, the bushwhackers fired on his men from a safe position, wounding Captain Kemper (who has just been brought in) and 2 others, and killing 2 more. This county is in a deplorable condition. Nearly every Union men in the county has come to town for safety, and nearly all

