
Chariton County from Chillicothe to-morrow morning. Captain Brackman can post you as to Anderson's movements. Exterminate the villains is the order.

CLINTON B. FISK,

Brigadier-General.

HANNIBAL, July 28, 1864.

General FISK:

I have consulted with Judge Wagner, of Lewis County, and called out three companies of fifty men each. They have 100 Government guns. They are ordered to furnish the additional number needed from disloyal men, to mount their men and scour the country, and not to hold towns or posts. They have your signals. Captain Meredith has his men mounted, and started out to-day; first to aid Captain Lair in getting his men together, and they will unite in scouring this county, which is now full of roving bands. I think 150 men should be called out at once in Ralls County, but my arms are not sufficient to arm so many men as I think should be had at once. I have 100 of railroad regiment, under arms at Salt River, working and guarding at same time. I think between 50 and 100 men can be got about Hunnewell. I shall try to arm them, and get them into six-months' service. Calling out the militia will lead a good many into six-months' service. I shall keep no active militia here in Hannibal. Can you send me 200 or 300 more arms? I can put them into good hands. I think all organized forces here will drill one hour and a half daily.

J. T. HAYWARD,

Colonel, Commanding.

SAINT JOSEPH, July 28, 1864.

Colonel J. T. K. HAYWARD,

Hannibal:

You will order the rebels of Marion, on the line of the Quincy and Palmyra Railroad, to guard the bridges until regular guards can be furnished.

CLINTON B. FISK,

Brigadier-General.

MACON, July 28, 1864.

General FISK:

Bill Anderson is said to have been at Milton this morning and to have left it in the afternoon. He is supposed to cross the railroad tonight. I think we ought to send a big scout after him so as to press him and force him to night. Colonel Caldwell with his force is still here. If we notify the troops at Keytesville, Sturgeon, Fayette, and Columbia to move at the same time, we are bound to accomplish something. Small scouts are hazardous just now and cannot accomplish much. We can find out what direction Bill has taken, and he must be somewhere between the railroad and the river. I propose to stay out until we have caught him or somebody else. The arms for our militia will be here to-morrow, so they will be amply prepared to take care of the town. We ought to move anyhow, either north, south, east, or west. It almost begins to look as if we were afraid of these outlaws.

ALBERT BRACKMAN,

Captain, &amp;c.

