
SAVANNAH, July 28, 1864.

General FISK:

GENERAL: To avoid a vast amount of trouble to yourself, by appeals of Copperheads and rebels from this country, make it a point to listen to none only through the committee of five appointed for this county under Order Numbers 107, of General Rosecrans. They will address you on this subject this morning, and one other of vital importance to the permanent quiet of our county. Please arm as fast as you can conveniently all independent radical companies that apply from this county, and none others, and I will guarantee that the county will be kept as quiet as a graveyard.

Truly, yours,

W. A. PRICE.

P. S.-Permit me, general, to recommend Captain W. P. Hobson as a suitable person to recruit for the regiments you are authorized to bring into the field for Federal service. It is a splendid time just now to make a commencement.

STURGEON, MO., July 28, 1864.

J. P. SANDERSON,

Provost-Marshal-General:

SIR: A man thought to be Anderson, the notorious bushwhacker in this part of the country, or one of his band, left Renick on the train yesterday for Saint Louis. He is tall and slim, dark hair and complexion, and back eyes and whiskers; had, when he left Renick, a large leather valise, with the words "New Orleans" marked in large letters on one end. He claimed to have been in the Fort Pillow massacre.

E. K. SMITH,

Captain, Commanding.

WEST QUINCY, July 28, 1864.

General FISK:

We have two important bridges on this road between Quincy and Palmyra, and cannot obtain men or arms to guard. I understand guards have been placed at all bridges and in the block-houses on Hannibal and Saint Joseph Railroad. Cannot you do something for our protection, as we are in equal danger? Please answer.

J. LOOMIS,

Superintendent Quincy and Palmyra Railroad.

SAINT JOSEPH, July 28, 1864.

J. LOOMIS,

Supt. of Quincy and Palmyra Railroad, West Quincy:

I have ordered guards to your bridges, and shall hold the rebels of your section responsible for any damages done your line.

CLINTON B. FISK,

Brigadier-General.

