
had approached the border settlements, I called on Colonels Price and Scott to furnish me with militia to assist my Federal troops in checking, and, if possible, chastising the savage foe.

I have the honor to report that these officers very promptly reported with about 300 men, and have marched with me nearly 200 miles to this the region of hostilities. I trust the prompt arrival of this force will frighten the Indians, as it will at least convince them that the border settlements are prompt in their own defense. They have scattered before our arrival, but we will try to make them feel the severe chastisement due for their offenses.

I will turn the force homeward to their needy homes as soon as their presence can be spared from this vicinity, which I trust will be in a few days.

Hoping that you will sanction the conduct of your officers, and excuse my direct call, which has greatly expedited and strengthened my exertions,

I have the honor to be, Your Excellency's obedient servant,

S. R. CURTIS,

Major-General.

KANSAS CITY, MO., July 28, 1864.

Colonel THOMAS MOONLIGHT,

Eleventh Kansas Volunteer Cavalry:

I have no reliable information. Report says eighty thieves crossed at mouth of Little Blue last Saturday night. Snibar Hills full of them. Will send you all the information I get. I have been absent so long I am poorly posted.

J. H. FORD,

Colonel, Commanding Second Colorado Cavalry.
HEADQUARTERS DISTRICT OF SOUTH KANSAS,Paola, July 28, 1864.

Brigadier General W. H. M. FISHBACK,

Kansas State Militia, Olathe, Kans.:

GENERAL: In consequence of the threatening position of the rebels east of the border it has become necessary to concentrate a portion of our small force, and I respectfully request that you call into active service, to take the place temporarily of the companies of volunteers thus withdrawn, portions of the militia of your command, as follows, viz: Five companies of the Thirteenth Regiment, four companies of the Fifth Regiment, and three companies of the Sixth Regiment, to be stationed as the commanding officers at Olathe, Paola, and Mound City, respectfully, may direct.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

THO. J. McKEAN,

Brigadier-General, U. S. Volunteers, Commanding District.
HEADQUARTERS DISTRICT OF SOUTH KANSAS,Paola, July 28, 1864.

Brigadier General W. H. M. FISHBACK,

Kansas State Militia, Olathe, Kans.:

GENERAL: Major Ross, district inspector, will call upon you with my request for militia to be called into active service. The necessity

