
is pressing. The major will explain to you the circumstances attending the call already made by me on the colonels of regiments under an order from the Governor. The call has been fully answered, I believe, in this and Linn Country; but I understand that there is some difficulty in Johnson. The order of the Governor was made during a vacancy in the office you hold, and my call upon the colonels was made to save time, and with no intention of ignoring your authority or position. The call requested is to cover the same call made by me.

THO. J. McKEAN,

Brigadier-General, U. S. Volunteers, Commanding District.

EXECUTIVE OFFICE,

Omaha, Nebr., July 28, 1864.

Major General S. R. CURTIS,

Leavenworth:

DEAR GENERAL: There is a good deal of excitement up the Platte Valley, in consequence of continued depredations on the part of the Missouri Sioux and, perhaps, other tribes of Indians. Several murders have been committed and much stock run off and properly destroyed. Brigadier-General Mitchell is now near the scene of these depredations, and has called on me to send to his aid a few companies of our militia; but these men would be only about half clothed, half armed, and half mounted, and would not be able to [render] half the service that older soldiers could. Colonel Livingston with about 350 of his veterans of the Nebraska First Cavalry are here on furlough. Their furloughs expire on the 13th of August; but the colonel offers to call in his men and proceed to the scene of the troubles without delay, if ordered to do so by you. The only thing that I can see in the way is the want of horses to mount his men. If horses can in any way be had I have no hesitancy in saying that the best thing that can be done in the case would be to use the colonel and his veterans to relieve our settlers. These boys have had a three-years' service against the rebels, and I would like to see them try their hands on the savage Indians. They, I find, are ready for the work, and only await your orders to go at it. I may have to telegraph you before this reaches you, but I thought it proper to post you in this way, as I could not be so explicit in a telegram.

I am, sir, very respectfully, yours,

A. SAUNDERS,

Governor of Nebraska.

FORT LEAVENWORTH, July 28, 1864.

General R. B. MITCHELL,

Fort Laramie:

General Curtis is at Saline, on his way west. Will probably be at Fort Laramie before his return. General Blunt has been assigned to the command of the District of the Upper Arkansas, embracing Forts Lyon and Larned and east as far as Council Grove, but does not disturb your district. Accept the services of all the militia you need and can get, and communicate, if possible, with General Curtis.

C. S. CHARLOT,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

