
FORT LEAVENWORTH, July 28, 1864.

Brigadier General R. B. MITCHELL,

Fort Laramie:

You have made a quick trip. General Curtis has gone west on southern route and will be at Denver in about ten days, at which place communicate with him. Indians very bad on the Arkansas.

S. S. CURTIS,

Major and Aide-de-Camp.

OMAHA, NEBR. TER., July 28, 1864.

Brigadier-General MITCHELL,

Fort Laramie:

The following just received from department headquarters:

Lieutenant WILCOX:

Yours of the 27th received. Also one from General Mitchell direct, same date, which I have answered. There is no law authorizing the seizure or impressment of private horses, except the "law of necessity," of which in this case General Mitchell must be the judge. Horses thus taken will be paid for if lost while in the service of the United States without any fault or negligence of the owner.

C. S. CHARLOT,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

General, Colonel Livingston has tendered his service with 200 veterans. If you deem it expedient to impress horses to mount his men I think they can be ready in three days. Colonel Livingston says he will march without transportation or tents. You need not expect any aid from the Governor. He is non-committal. Please answer immediately.

JOHN A. WILCOX,

Lieutenant, Fourth U. S. Cavalry, Actg. Asst. Adjt. General

OMAHA, July 28, 1864.

Brigadier-General MITCHELL,

Fort Laramie:

Company D not yet full. The Governor has not done anything that I am aware of. Colonel Livingston, First Nebraska, has tendered his service and regiment. I telegraphed this to General Curtis last night, and if accepted asked authority to take horses for mounting them. The Governor has been seen. No probability of his doing anything.

JOHN A. WILCOX,

Lieutenant, Fourth U. S. Cavalry, Actg. Asst. Adjt. General

GENERAL ORDERS, HDQRS. DISTRICT OF NEBRASKA, Numbers 23. In the Field, July 28, 1864.

I. Lieutenant-Colonel Collins, Eleventh Ohio Volunteer Cavalry, is hereby relieved from the command of the post of Fort Laramie, and charged with general supervision of all posts and detachments west of Julesburg, in the District of Nebraska, including both lines of communication westward through said district. Lieutenant-Colonel Collins will make such changes as he may deem necessary for the better protection of said lines, and will forthwith report all such changes so made to district headquarters for approval, and will make at least two monthly reports of the respective lines.

