
talk of leaving the county. Last week B. A. Bailey, S. G. Bigelow, and John Bigelow (Union men) were shot down and killed, two at their homes and one on his way home from town. Is there no remedy for those who have, thorough trials and sufferings, adhered to the flag of their fathers? It is believed there were fifty or sixty of the bushwhackers when Captain Kemper was attacked this morning.

Very truly,

E. M. SAMUEL,

President Branch Farmers' Bank of Missouri.
HDQRS. GARRISON FOR FORT WADSWORTH, DAK. TER.,In Camp, near Fort Ridgely, Minn., July 4, 1864.

Captain R. C. OLIN,

Assistant Adjutant-General, District of Minnesota:

SIR: Special Orders, Numbers 149, headquarters District of Minnesota, just received with communication dated June 30 from headquarters District of Minnesota; also communications from these headquarters dated June 27, returned with indorsement. I am sorry of the delay on starting, occasioned by the necessity of making repairs on wagons and shoeing the mules and horses, the horses of the scouts and Company M, Second Cavalry, most needing shoeing. This could have been done before the arrival of Captain McKusick, assistant quartermaster, had I been able to procure coal and access to shop. This I was unable to do until the arrival of Captain McKusick, when the captain sent to New Ulm for coal. The work of refitting is progressing without delay. I wish to assure the commanding general that I feel the importance of an early start, and there shall be no delay not necessary for a proper outfit to enable the expedition to reach the point designated with safety. A part of my command will be compelled to move without shelter-tents, there not being a sufficient number at this place to supply them all. This would make but little difference while on the march, but after reaching the point designated or selected for the erection of the fort every hour should be spent on the work. The proper care of arms and accouterments to have the command ready for action at a moment's notice, will make it necessary to make shelter for the men, which labor could be saved merely by transporting a few tents. After providing for the proper care of the stores, men, and stock, also the proper protection, I feel the importance of providing shelter where the men can be kept busy at work during the stormy weather that we must expect to have, as the greatest safeguard against disease. I shall give my personal attention to everything necessary to getting the expedition off without delay during the absence of Captain McKusick, assistant quartermaster, at Saint Paul.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

JOHN CLOWNEY,

Major Thirtieth Regiment Wisconsin Vol. Infantry, Commanding

SPECIAL ORDERS, HDQRS. MIL. DIV. OF WEST MISS., Numbers 58. New Orleans, La., July 5, 1864.

1. Colonel N. A. M. Dudley, Thirtieth Massachusetts Volunteers, is hereby relieved from duty with Brigadier General J. W. Davidson, chief of cavalry of this division, and will immediately return to his regiment.

* * * * *

