
move at Pine bluff. The whole command could be crossed in an hour

and a half. Clayton has fifty wagons a day on the north side hauling forage. Price still has a reserve near the Saline. Kirby Smith is reported at Camden. The rebels say there is to be a forward movement soon. I think they want to get Shelby out of the pocket he is in. Our troops are watching him. According to last reports of scouting parties he had crossed White River and was moving toward Searcy, probably to make a feint on the railroads, and then make a dash to get across the Arkansas. We have force sufficient to stop him at Lewisburg. Lee's apprehensions at Saint Charles are groundless. Devall's Bluff on his flank and Pine Bluff in his rear. If the rebels should cross the Arkansas with their whole force they would be in a cul-de-sac. The rebels are still collecting corn and wheat at Princeton. It is guarded by only about 300. Their cavalry is very much scattered, and a force of 2,000 well-mounted men could take them in detail and perhaps stampede Fagan's whole command. I shall attend to them as soon as Shelby can be disposed of. Rosecsrans, I am informed, has detained the veteran portion of the First Iowa Cavalry, and sent them to Northern Missouri; also a part of the First Missouri Cavalry. General Halleck said my veterans should all come back to this department, whereas several regiments have been sent elsewhere, and from appearances the rest may be.

Very respectfully,

F. STEELE,

Major-General.

LITTLE ROCK, July 29, 1864.

Brigadier General C. C. ANDREWS,

Commanding Devall's Bluff:

GENERAL: I send a dispatch to your care to be sent to the squadron commander at the mouth of White River for general Canby.* Please detain the boat, if necessary, until this dispatch is received. Please inform General Lee or commanding officer at Saint Charles that there is no probability of his being attacked by any considerable force at Saint Charles. Clayton's scouting parties report no rebels, except perhaps foraging parties north of the river; besides they dare not cross in force and move up to White River.

Very respectfully,

F. STEELE,

Major-General.
HDQRS. SECOND DIVISION, SEVENTH ARMY CORPS,Devall's Bluff, Ark., July 29, 1864-9.30 p. m.

Major General F. STEELE:

A scout returned from Searcy and West Point to-day bringing information that Shelby with his main force as late as Monday last was east of White River, and that Shelby himself was stopping at Doctor Pickett's, half way between Augusta and Jacksonport. I expect later news from that direction to-night or in the morning.

C. C. ANDREWS,

Brigadier-General, Commanding.

See next, ante.

