
DEVALL'S BLUFF, July 29, 1864.

Captain C. H. DYER:

A scout returned from Peach Orchard Bluff this morning; saw nothing of the enemy. Report Cache River fordable near Cotton Plant; also that there have been 400 rebels at Cotton Plant, 200 of whom were unarmed; that they were all ordered to report at Jacksonport last Monday to procure arms.

C. C. ANDREWS,

Brigadier-General.

(Same to Major-General Steele.)

DEVALL'S BLUFF, ARK., July 29, 1864-7.30 p. m.

Captain C. H. DYER,

Assistant Adjutant_General, Little Rock:

I have ordered Major Ensign back; he would receive the order about noon too- day. I hear that Dobbin, with some of Shelby's forces, made a raid on the plantations below Helena a few days ago.

C. C. ANDREWS.

Brigadier_General, Commanding.

DEVALL'S BLUFF, July 29, 1864-8.30 a. m.

Colonel W. F. GEIGER,

Commanding Third Brigade, Brownsville, Ark.:

Captain Williams returned yesterday noon. Two commissioned officers and sixteen men still missing, exclusive of the three who came into Brownsville. The attack was by Rayborne's men, about sixty. A scout returned from Peach Orchard Bluff this morning. Four hundred men at Cotton Plant were to have reported at Jacksonport Monday last. At the time Shelby himself, at best accounts, was at Pickett's, half way between Augusta and Jacksonport. Captain Williams had a hard march, but will probably start for Brownsville this p. m. General Lee detained Major Ensign because he had no cavalry. I have ordered the scout back and expect it in a day or two. Rumors that you are under marching orders; is it so? It appears this party of Captain Williams that got taken had no picket out, and was altogether too easy and confident. Impress upon the mind of every officer and man that watchfulness must not be relaxed in any instance in the enemy's country. Keep me informed of what transpires.

C. C. ANDREWS,

Brigadier-General, Commanding.
HDQRS. SECOND DIVISION, SEVENTH ARMY CORPS,Devall's Bluff, Ark., July 29, 1864.

Colonel W. F. GEIGER,

Commanding Third Brigade:

COLONEL: I learn from report by citizens that Captain Young, Ninth Iowa Cavalry, was out in the direction of String Town settlement with a small foraging party, about twenty men, last Monday, and that he

