
was informed at McCombs'(who lives about eight miles from here) that Rayborne, with some ten men, had just passed down in this direction, taking a different road than the one Captain Young had passed on. Also that when Captain Young returned in the afternoon he was informed by McCombs that Rayborne had passed back with some horses a short time before. It seems Captain Young made no effort to pursue Rayborne, either going or returning, which I think ought to have been done. Please inquire and report upon the matter.

Very respectfully,

C. C. ANDREWS,

Brigadier-General.

LITTLE ROCK, ARK., July 29, 1864.

Colonel GEIGER,

Commanding Cavalry Brigade, Brownsville, Ark.:

Colonel Trumbull is here and I gave had a talk with him. You had better go to Two Prairie Bayou to-morrow and camp there if you can find water. If there is no water you will have to go to the Bluff. I would like to gave you encamp on the prairie for a few days even if you cannot stay there permanently. You can then rearrange the hay guard to suit yourself. Better select the weak horses for that purpose.

E. A. CARR,

Brigadier-General, Commanding.

LEWISBURG, July 29, 1864 -9 p. m.

Captain 	C. H. DYER,

Assistant Adjutant-General:

Lieutenant Mason returned from scout eighteen miles above Dover; killed 2, captured 4 horses. Reports 150 rebels on Illinois Bayou, conscripting, killing all men refusing or trying to avoid it. One of the men killed by Lieutenant Williams on Monday last near Norristown proves to gave been the noted Captain Ben. Jackaway, of Yell County. Nothing further from Shelby. I think boats can come up with light loads as far as Van's Bar, twelve miles below by land.

A. H. RYAN,

Colonel.

LITTLE ROCK, ARK., July 29, 1864.

(Received August 2.)

Major General C. C. WASHBURN:

GENERAL: It is reported by scouts that Shelby has crossed White River at Jacksonport and is moving in the direction of Searcy. I shall endeavor to prevent his crossing the Arkansas. If you can send the force you spoke of to Jacksonport, it is my opinion that we could at least capture Shelby's artillery and scatter his conscripts, who are reported to be some 4,000 or 5,000 in number. I think he is aiming to; join Price, who is making demonstrations in his favor. I am not certain but that the best movement you can make would be to land as large a force as you can spare at Napoleon or Gaines' Landing, and move in concert with a force from Pine Bluff and Saint Charles and cavalry sent from here to threaten his rear and destroy their depots of

