
supplies at Princeton. Fagan's headquarters are ten miles this side of Monticello, and his troops at that place and on the Arkansas below Red Fork. Marmaduke's command is said to be near Gaines' Landing. Price has a reserve near the Saline. A lady just from Camden says Kirby Smith is there.

Very respectfully,

FREDK. STEELE,

Major-General.

SPRINGFIELD, ILL., July 29, 1864.

Major General W. S. ROSECRANS:

Can you send 100 infantry and 50 cavalry to aid me in executing writs in Montgomery and Fayette Counties, Ill.? I cannot enforce writs without such aid. No troops here. I hope the above request will be granted.

RICHARD YATES,

Governor.

SAINT LOUIS. MO., July 29, 1864.

His Excellency Governor RICHARD YATES,

Springfield, Ill.:

The military exigencies in my department at this time are very great. I cannot possibly spare a man, unless the emergency is very great and General Heintzelman is unable to afford you the assistance you demand. All my available men are in the field and actually in pursuit of an armed foe.

W. S. ROSECRANS,

Major-General.

STATION HARRISONVILLE, MO., July 29, 1864.

Brigadier General THOMAS EWING,

Commanding Saint Louis District:

SIR: Under a recent order of the Secretary of War some thirty-five companies of the enrolled militia of the State are authorized to enter the service of the United States for twenty months, running from the 1st of November, 1863, the permission extending, I believe,, to our companies organized under your orders whole in command of the District of the Border. On my return from Saint Louis I attempted the organization of a company under the order, but I find it the opinion of the citizens generally that the withdrawal of a company from the neighborhood would weaken it so much as to result in breaking it up entirely-a result that I should very much regret; and while I differ from them somewhat in opinion, I yet believe that it would be to some extent hazardous to the neighborhood to withdraw one company. While I should prefer service from here, I am willing to sacrifice my personal preferences for the good of the community in which I live. Hence, at the request of many of our citizens, I write to you to ask of you the favor to se General Rosecrans and ascertain whether the two companies here (those organized under your order, Numbers 20, headquarters District of the Border, dated November 20, 1863) would be received into the U. S. service, with the assurance that they shall remain here for the defense of the border so long as General Rosecrans shall remain

