
in his present command, or whether one company would be received upon those terms. It is needless, perhaps, to you that all, or nearly all, the men in and around this station are in military service, and if ordered away would remove almost all our male population, the most of them leaving families without any one to provide for them. Our two companies have worked together very harmoniously ever since their organization, and for a large portion off the time the defense of this station gas been left to them entirely. We have every confidence that if accepted into the service of the United States we shall be able to defend this station and surrounding country without other aid, thus relieving other troops from that duty, and thus the men composing the companies, while serving their country, would be in the vicinity of their families, so as to be able to superintend their well-being, and, being immediately interested, would do all in their power to aid in repeopling the border with a loyal, self-sustaining population. Will you have the kindness to submit this to General Rosescrans for his consideration, and to add such statements as you may think proper to make from your knowledge of the condition of things on the border?

I an, sir, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

E. P. WEST,

Captain, Commanding Co. K, 77th regiment Enrolled Missouri Militia.

GENERAL ORDERS, HDQRS, DEISTS. OF CENTRAL MISSOURI, Numbers 42. Warrensburg, Mo., July 29, 1864.

The disturbed state of affairs in this district requires that the citizens should distinctly understand their position in assisting to maintain peace and in securing protection to life and property. Two classes of citizens only will hereafter be recognized at these headquarters, viz, the loyal and the disloyal. All persons whose services are required in their respective districts for the citizen guard or other military organizations, and who refuse to serve, or who endeavor to excite insubordination and discontent in those communities, will be considered disloyal. They will be arrested by the commanding officers concerned and sent under proper guard to these headquarters, to be transferred out of the country or otherwise disposed of, as may be decided on. Aliens as well as others are expected to show a willingness to defend their own property, and will be required to do so by joining some of the military organizations for that purpose, or they will be obliged to leave this district.

By order of Major-General Pleasonton:

J. H. STEGER,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

LEXINGTON, MO., July 29, 1864.

Captain STEGER,

Assistant Adjutant-General:

Information: Camp of bushwhackers near the Widow Renick's, about two miles east of Offutt's Knob, in Johnson County. Can force from Warrensburg strike them at 12 m. to-morrow? I can have intercepting force on head of Honey Fork of Blackwater, and in vicinity of Wagon Knob concealed. Will the force move from Warrensburg?

J. McFERRAN,

Colonel, Commanding.

