HEADQUARTERS DISTRICT OF CENTRAL MISSOURI,Warrensburg, Mo., July 29, 1864.

Major THOMAS W HOUTS,

Commanding Seventh Cavalry Missouri state Militia, Camp Grover:

MAJOR: Information is received at these headquarters to the effect that a band of guerrillas is encamped near Widow Renick's, about two miles east of Offutt's Knob, in northeast corner of Johnson County. The commanding general directs that you detail 100 men under the command of an efficient officer to move forthwith and endeavor to reach the camp at 12 m. to-morrow. The commanding officer will be informed that a detachment of the First Missouri State Militia will be on the headwaters of Honey Fork of Blackwater in the vicinity of Wagon Knob, and will be instructed to co-operate, and so move his command as to drive the enemy in that direction. Colonel McFerran will be informed by telegraph of the movement, and will conceal his force on the headwaters of Honey Fork so as to intercept them. The command will carry four days' rations of bread, coffee, sugar, and salt. The importance of reaching the point indicated at 12 m. to-morrow will be firmly impressed upon the officer in command.

I am, major, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

J. H. STEGER,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

FORT LEAVENWORTH, July 29, 1864.

Colonel JAMES H. FORD,

Kansas City:

What news have you from bushwhackers? Do you think it safe to take the soldiers off the Emilie now?

W. H. STARK,

Lieutenant-Colonel, &amp;c.

KANSAS CITY, MO., July 29, 1864.

Lieutenant-Colonel STARK:

Large number bushwhackers in and around Parkville and Barry. Would advise that troops be kept on the Emilie for the present.

JAS. H. FORD,

Colonel, Commanding.
HEADQUARTERS DISTRICT OF SOUTHWEST MISSOURI,Springfield, Mo., July 29, 1864.

Major O. D. GREENE,

Assistant Adjutant-General, Dept. of the Missouri:

SIR: I have the honor to transmit for the information of the general commanding inclosed statements of two deserters from Stand Watie's command, who came into Neosho on the 19th instant, and of D. G. Harding, a citizen of Polk County, Mo., who has been in Texas and Arkansas during the past eighteen months, and has now returned and taken the president's amnesty oath. Both statements are believed to be reliable.

Very respectfully,, your obedient servant,

JOHN B. SANBORN,

Brigadier-General, Commanding.

