
[Inclosure Numbers 1.]
HEADQUARTERS DISTRICT OF SOUTHWEST MISSOURI,Springfield, Mo., July 26, 1864

The following is a statement of two deserters from Colonel Stand Watie's command, who came into Neosho on the 19th instant, whose names are James Green Landon and Carter Warren Landon:

Enlisted on the 15th day of June, 1864, at Perryville, C. N. Resided in Grayson County, Tex., and were conscripted and taken to the nation and assigned to the Second Cherokee Regiment. This regiment with three others and one battalion are under Stand Watie's command. These regiments number in all about 1,200 effective men, all mounted. Headquarters were at Johnson's Station, on the Fort Smith road, where we left the 5th of July and came to the Seneca Nation, where we deserted on the 18th instant. When we left at Johnson's Station Generals Maxey's and Cooper's commands were there, Maxey being in chief command, and the whole force was estimated at 1,200 men. Only three generals were there. All supplies were drawn from Texas, from Bonham, about 140 miles, by ox and mule trains. Rations were short; about half in everything but beef, of which there was full rations. No supplies of importance are with the army. General Maxey, in a speech about the 1st of July to his troops, spoke as if he had an order to move upon Fort Smith, but stated he should not move till he got ready. We do not know how much artillery they have,, but they have considerable. Most of the command is infantry. Stock is in poor condition., There has been no rain in Texas, except in the border counties, since, winter, and there will be no corn or grain raised in Texas, of any account, south of the border counties. Corn and grain is very scarce throughout the State.

Stand Watie stated that he should not move his train any farther north this summer. His command is without discipline or order, and all the troops are poorly clothed. All are armed and seem to have plenty of ammunition.

Stated at these headquarters July 26, 1864.

W. D. HUBBARD,

First Lieutenant and Acting Assistant Adjutant-General.

[Inclosure Numbers 2.]
HEADQUARTERS DISTRICT OF SOUTHWEST MISSOURI,Springfield, Mo., July 28, 1864.

David G. Harding, of Polk County, Mo., says:

I left Rolling Prairie, Ark., on last Friday, July 22, 1864. Lieutenant-Colonel Nichols. of Colonel Jackman's regiment of Confederate troops, of Shelby's command, was at the Prairie when I left, with between 200 and 300 troops of his regiment. This force was conscripting the citizens of that section into the rebel service. They conscripted me and sent me to the vicinity; of Forsyth, Mo., with a conscripting party, where I deserted them and came immediately at Springfield. Before I left Rolling Prairie I saw Lieutenant-Colonel Nichols in person and conversed with him. He says it is the intention of Shelby to; move north soon. I think he intends to make a raid when corn begins to ripen. There was a dispatch received by Colonel Nichols on the 21st instant from Shelby's headquarters, which are between Batesville and Jacksonport, Ark. The dispatch-bearer told me that there was a move on foot, and that the troops had marching orders. I saw Daniel Fullbright, formerly of Springfield, Mo., in Nichols' command. He is an officer in the rebel army, though I do not know his rank. I am an old acquaintance of his. he told me that Shelby had re-enforced his command by about 3,000 men since he crossed the Arkansas River with his old command of 1,200 men. Besides these troops it is reported that Kitchen, McCray, Freeman, and Love have about 4,000 men on the rolls of their commands in Northern Arkansas. The troops I saw of Shelby's command are well armed; most of them have two navy revolvers and a cavalry gun. Shelby's old troops are well-mounted; but take the whole command, conscripts and all, they are poorly mounted. The men say that a large number of horses are dying for want of food. All of Shelby's command is cavalry. His old soldiers are very well clothed; some have rebel uniforms, some none but citizen's clothes, and some are dressed in Federal uniforms. His whole command are living on half rations of unbolted wheat flour and beef,, sometime with salt, sometimes without it. They do not get any subsistence from their main army. The rebel officers say they are bound to make a raid into Missouri once a year, or the Missouri rebel troops will

