
desert them. Crops are very poor in Northern Arkansas, on account of severe drought. The rebels will have to move soon to get subsistence and forage. I says he left Price's army about the 10th instant, and Price is at Camden, Ark., with 16,000 infantry. Does not think he will move soon, though there is some talk of, invading Missouri in the fall; also that Marmaduke is at the mouth of Arkansas River, with 4,000 men, and that Kirby Smith and Taylor are at Shreveport, La., with 18,000 troops.

Statement made before me this 29th day of July, 1864, at these headquarters.

W. D. HUBBARD,

First Lieutenant, Sixth Cavalry Missouri State Militia, and Actg. Asst. Adjutant-General, Dist. of Southwest Missouri.

CASSVILLE, July 29, 1864.

GENERAL:

You are aware that I came here by your orders for the purpose of detecting smugglers. I am satisfied that there are as many as three merchants in this place who are engaged in regular trade with rebel women from Arkansas. I have received orders from headquarters to report at Springfield; and allow me to inform you that your officers are trading of contraband property, which fact I am able to substantiate. I am just getting into the merits of things generally, and if removed now the trip will prove nothing for the service.

D. G. HART,

Scout.

CASSVILLE, July 29, 1864.

Lieutenant HUBBARD:

I have found that there is a large quantity of goods smuggled from this place through our lines to the rebels through a certain merchant here. Think I shall be able to detect the smuggler, if I am justifiable in authorizing to sell goods without permits from the provost-marshal. The women are now in town ready for trade. Please give me answer soon as convenient.

D. G. HART.
HEADQUARTERS,Saint Louis, July 29, 1864.

General FISK,

Saint Joseph:

Your dispatch asking for instructions as to the manner of disposing of such of the Paw Paws as went over to Thornton and are now coming in and giving themselves up is received. My opinion of the matter is that as many of them as are captured in arms, and resisting, should not be brought in as prisoners. This not from a spirit of revenge or blood thirstiness, but as mercy to them, form under no conceivable circumstances can they escape the penalty of their unpardonable crimes. In the history of the world there is not an instance of a soldier's deserting to the enemy being pardoned if caught. Of course if any lay down their arms and surrender without being so compelled by the force of arms, it would be murder to slay them. They must be held for action in due course of law.

O. D. GREENE,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

