
4. Bvt. Brigadier General J. Bailey is hereby ordered to return to Vicksburg, Miss., and resume the command of the engineer brigade stationed at that place.

* * * * *

By order of Major General E. R. S. Canby:

C. T. CHRISTENSEN,

Major and Assistant Adjutant-General.

GENERAL ORDERS, HDQRS. MIL. DIV. OF WEST MISS., Office Chief of Cavalry, New Orleans, La., Numbers 1. July 5, 1864.

The following-named officers are assigned to duty with the chief of cavalry at these headquarters by authority of the commanding general of the Military Division of West Mississippi, and will be obeyed and respected accordingly: Captain F. W. Emery, U. S. Volunteers, assistant adjutant-general; First Lieutenant G. K. McGunnegle, jr., First Wisconsin Cavalry, aide-de-camp; First Lieutenant A. S. Montgomery, Seventh Missouri Cavalry, aide-de-camp; Lieutenant Colonel W. Babcock, Seventy-fifth New York Volunteers, acting assistant inspector-general; Major Alexander G. McQueen, First Iowa Cavalry, acting assistant inspector-general; Captain E. M. Baker, First U. S. Cavalry, acting assistant inspector-general; Captain W. N. Norville, Merrill's Horse, acting assistant inspector-general; Captain Jerome Bradley, U. S. Volunteers, assistant quartermaster; First Lieutenant T. D. Johnson, Third Iowa Cavalry, acting assistant quartermaster.

J. W. DAVIDSON,

Brigadier-General and Chief of Cavalry.
HDQRS. MILITARY DIVISION OF WEST MISSISSIPPI,New Orleans, July 5, 1864.

Major General N. P. BANKS,

Commanding Department of the Gulf, New Orleans, La.:

GENERAL: The major-general commanding directs that Fort brown and its dependencies on the Rio Grande be abandoned, and the troops now in Texas and not required for the occupation and defense of Brazos Santiago be ordered to this city. A force of 1,200 men of all arms will be sufficient for the defense of that island against any force that can be brought against it. The works on the island will at once be put in proper condition for defense, fully armed and supplied. The material now at Fort Brown will at once be transferred to the Brazos, and the troops, except the garrison designated fort that place, put an route for this city. Major-General Herron will remain at Brazos until the works there have been put in condition to insure it security, when he will report in person at the headquarters of the department. The permanent commander of the post should be of the rank of brigadier-general, and should be selected with care for his intelligence and discretion, as the post is one that will probably involve questions of international law, in addition to its purely military importance. The engineer and ordnance departments should at once be instructed to make the necessary arrangements for fortifying and arming the works.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

C. T. CHRISTENSEN,

Major and Assistant Adjutant-General.

