
First, is here on furlough. The colonel will call in his men and go west if you so order. They are without horses. To be efficient should be mounted. Answer.

A. SAUNDERS,

Governor.

SAINT JOSEPH, July 29, 1864.

Major SAMUEL S. CURTIS,

Aide-de=Camp, Fort Leavenworth:

Lieutenant-Colonel Hynes did not order Major Tunison to report to me, but did order him to carry out my orders prohibiting certain irregularities. The scouts were prohibited from going into Platte County from the fact that I have nearly 500 men moving through Platte County, and a porion of them clad in citizens' dress. They operate under signals adopted for their government, and no other scouts should be sent into the county while they are there. I hope to relieve Major Tunison in a day or two. The Illinois boys have pleased the Union men of Weston hugely.

CLINTON B FISK,

Brigadier-General.

COUNCIL GROVE, KANS., July 29, 1864.

Major General S. R. CURTIS,

Commanding Department of Kansas:

GENERAL: I have the honor to report the arrival of my command at this point yesterday. My force consists of forty-nine mounted men and eight not mounted. I was compelled to leave twenty-three men at Topeka, having no transportation for them. I am, sir, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

CHAD. E. EVERTON,

Second Lieutenant, Commanding Company G, Seventh Iowa Cav. Vols.

GENERAL ORDERS, HDQRS. DISTRICT OF NORTH KANSAS, Numbers 9. Fort Leavenworth, July 29, 1864.

* * * * *

H. Captain D. J. Craigie, assistant adjutant-general of volunteers, having reported for duty in accordance with Special Orders, Numbers 160, paragraph 1, Department of Kansas, is hereby assigned to duty as assistant adjutant-general of this district. All communications will be addressed to him.

By order of Brigadier General T. A. Davies:

D. J. CRAIGIE,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

FORT LARAMIE, July 29, 1864.

Major C. S. CHARLOT:

Your dispatch received. With two or three more companies I can secure this line against Indians. My forces at different points have had several skirmishes and been successful, killing 15 Indians. The Indians are strung out in small parties all along the line. I have my

