
troops strung out all along this line of communication, and they are patrolling the entire line for 500 miles. I have put Lieutenant-Colonel Collins in charge of this and Denver line, requiring him to be constantly on the road watching movements of Indians from Julesburg west. Have also placed Colonel Summers, Seventh Iowa Cavalry, on the same duty from Columbus to Julesburg. I have two companies of militia from Nebraska Territory. I have troops en route for Julesburg to make a permanent post there.

R. B. MITCHELL,

Brigadier-General.
HDQRS. GARRISON FOR FORT WADSWORTH, DAK. TER.,Camp on Kettle Lake, Coteau do Prairie, July 29, 1864.

Captain R. C. OLIN,

Assistant Adjutant-General, District of Minnesota:

SIR: Captain Bonham, Company I, Second Minnesota Cavalry, reported to me for further orders in accordance with Special Orders, Numbers 82, headquarters Second Sub-District of Minnesota, dated Fort Ridgely, July 14, 1864. Instructions from district headquarters dated July 19, 1864, just received, in accordance with which I have decided to send Lieutenant Phillips, of Company I, Second Cavalry, with fifty men as escort to Captain Fisk's expedition as far as the Missouri River. Captain Fisk arrived this day. From all the information I can obtain from Major J. R. Brown and Gabriel Renville there are but few if any hostile Indians on this side of the James River. I have not seen or heard of one being seen up to this time. While Captain Fisk might be safe in crossing to the Missouri River, it would not be prudent for me under the existing circumstances to compel him to run any risk. There are only about fifty horses in Company I that area fit for the trip to the Missouri River. The horses that will remain can be recruited by the time Lieutenant Phillips returns from escorting Captain Fisk, when the whole of Company I will act as escort to Mr. Brackett's supply train, leaving here about the last of august. From the information obtained in regard to the presence of hostile Indians in the vicinity of De Coteau or James River, I think the horses can perform all the duty required and be improved. Gabriel Renville with his scouts renders good service in obtaining information in regard to Indians being in the vicinity of the post. Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

JOHN CLOWNEY,

Major Thirtieth Regiment Wisconsin Volunteers, Commanding
HDQRS. GARRISON FOR FORT WADSWORTH, DAK. TER.,Camp on Kettle Lake, Coteau de Prairie, July 29, 1864.

Captain R. C. OLIN,

Assistant Adjutant-General, District of Minnesota:

SIR: After reaching the head of Coteau de Prairie I was informed by Gabriel Renville, chief of scouts, that several chiefs and other Indians belonging to the Sisseton Sioux band, that had been waiting to see the commander of the troops, expected and that they wished to have a talk in regard to obtaining subsistence. I determined to hear what they had to say and appointed the morning of the 29th to hear this. At about 10 a. m. Gabriel Renville brought the party over, about twenty-

