
four in all. Major J. R. Brown being present, and one of his scouts who could speak the Sioux, after shaking hands the chief produced a treaty signed by Major J. R. Brown. After reading the instrument I requested them to proceed, but to be as brief as consistent. Then the chief made the inclosed statement, when I promised to lay the whole matter before the commanding general, all of which I respectfully forward and ask instructions sufficient to enable me to act in this case and in others that the commanding general from his experience may see will arise. Major Brown informs me that he has written fully on the Indian affairs, and from his experience the commanding general will be better informed than could be done by me.

Very respectfully,

JOHN CLOWNEY,

Major Thirtieth Regiment Wisconsin Vol. Infantry, Commanding

[Inclosure.]

STATEMENT OF I-HA-O-JAN, A CHIEF OF THE SISSETONS OF LAC TRAVERSE SIOUX.

We have never been as well satisfied as at present. Whatever has happened below was not the work of my band. We had nothing to do with the outbreak, and are not at all responsible for it. Our fear of the consequences of it drove us away. We heard that our Great Father has permitted those who did not participate in the Indian massacre to return and resume their former intercourse with the whites, which fact affords the satisfaction I speak of. We see you now, and it is like seeing the Great Father, and we are much pleased ;at the meeting. Our Great Father has a very long arm that has reached us, and we are under the influence of it to-day. We can only live when under the influence of our Great Father's hand. We look upon ourselves as the people of the Great Father. There is a difficulty amongst the Indians of the Northwest, and we are ready to espouse the cause of the whites (the Great Father), whose representatives you are to us, and from you we ask protection and care. We had no opportunity of planting this year, and we do not know how we are to live through the coming fall and winter. We wish this to be made known to the Great Father, that some provision may be made for us. We have been expecting you a long time and have been living on the provisions sent here by General Sibley to the scouts. What little they have had to spare has been what has afforded us subsistence to the present time.

Other chiefs were present, but declined to make an;y remarks. Through Major Brown, who was present, I replied as follows:

I am glad to meet you here, and am pleased to know you have placed yourselves under our protection. I have taken you by the hand to-day as friends. The general commanding has given me no instructions relative to subsisting you, but I will lay the matter before him immediately, and if I can furnish yo;u subsistence I will do so and inform you of it as soon as possible. In the meantime I will afford you all the protection in my power. I would request you not to visit my camp only by my permission on business and under a white flag. My men do not know you and could not tell whether you are friends or foes approaching without such a designation. None of my men will be permitted to visit your camp.

JOHN CLOWNEY,

Major, Commanding.

WASHINGTON, D. C., July 30, 1864-4 p. m.

(Received August 7)

Major-General CANBY,

Natchez:

Major General H. W. Slocum is ordered to report in person to Major General W. T. Sherman as soon as relieved by some officer selected by you. Lieutenant General U. S. Grant suggests General Dana for that place.

H. W. HALLECK,

Major-General, &amp;c.

