
will determine the time and route by which they are to be sent, and will cause them to be collected and sent under suitable conduct. The practice of giving such persons passes, and allowing them to select their own route and time, is productive of evil, and is prohibited. By order of Major General E. R. S. Canby:

C. T. CHRISTENSEN,

Major and Assistant Adjutant-General.
SPECIAL ORDERS, HDQRS. MIL. DIV. OF WEST MIS., Numbers 83. New Orleans, La., July 30, 1864.

* * * *

V. Colonel Albert J. Myer, signal officer of the army and chief signal officer of this military division now on the point of leaving this city under command of Major-General Granger, for the purpose of perfecting arrangements for the signal detachment accompanying that expedition. On the completion of this duty he will

return to this city by the first opportunity.

* * * *

By order of Major General E. R. S. Canby:

C. T. CHRISTENSEN,Major and Assistant Adjutant-General.

SPECIAL ORDERS, HDQRS. DEPARTMENT OF THE GULF, Numbers 202. New Orleans, July 30, 1864.

* * * *

VIII. That portion of the Second Louisiana Cavalry now at Baton Rouge will proceed by the first transportation to Port Hudson and be reported to Brigadier General John McNeil, commanding U. S. forces, Port Hudson. That portion of the Second Louisiana Cavalry now serving within the Defenses of New Orleans will, as soon as mounted, proceed to Port Hudson and will join the detachment of the regiment at that post. The quartermaster's department will furnish the necessary transportation.

* * * *

By command of Major-General Banks:

C. S. SARGENT,

Acting Assistant Adjutant-General.

NEW ORLEANS, LA., July 30, 1864.

Major GEORGE B. DRAKE,

Assistant Adjutant-General, Dept. of the Gulf:

SIR: In compliance with Special Orders, Numbers 197, paragraph 17, headquarters Department of the Gulf, July 25, 1864, and a letter of instructions from same headquarters same date, I proceeded to Brashear City, made the examination required, and have the honor to submit the following report:

