
post and to protect effectively a certain porion of the ground for the purposes of encampment, store-houses, the post bakery, &amp;c., the following additional works are recommended (see sketch accompanying):*

A square redoubt, of about 100 yards on a side, to be constructed north of the railroad, about half way between Fort Brashear and the shores of Berwick Bay; to be armed with one heavy gun in the north salient and with field pieces; to be flanked in one direction by Fort Brashear and in the other by gun-boats, as represented. A rifle-pit to run from the shore to the new redoubt, thence to Fort Brashear thence to Fort Brashear, thence along the ditch which drains the ditch of Fort Brashear to Bayou Boeuf; to be flanked by gun-boats, as represented. Within the space thus inclosed and protected all store-houses and other Government buildings to be placed; all buildings interrupting the field of fire to be torn down or removed. Fort Brashear and the proposed redoubt will afford strong points of support ;to the whole line, and would in an emergency hold most of the garrison. It is further recommended that these two works be surrounded with an abatis, at least on the exposed sides. It would be well, in order to silence any artillery of the enemy established either on the Brashear or the Berwick side of the river, to add to the present armament four 30-pounder Parrott guns.

In view of the foregoing the following recommendations are respectfully submitted:

Firs. That Fort Brashear be immediately pot in order, and the guns mounted and put in complete order.

Second. That Fort Buchanan and the battery west of fort Brashear be put in good repair, platforms laid, and the magazines repaired.

Third. That the mound within the tete-de-pont be destroyed, the Berwick side of the bay evacuated, and the whole fore concentrated at Brashear.

Fourth. That there be added to the armament at Brashear four 30-pounder rifle Parrott guns.

Fifth. That the commanding officer at Brashear be directed to cause requisitions to be made for ammunition sufficient to make the number of rounds: For heavy artillery per gun, 400 rounds; for field artillery per gun, 600 rounds; for small-arms per man, 400 rounds; and that such requisitions be filled as speedily as practicable.

Sixth. That prompt action be taken in inspecting the small-arms of the force at Brashear and replacing such as may be condemned.

Seventh. That a competent ordnance officer be sent to Brashear to put the heavy artillery in order and see that the ammunition is properly stored.

Eighth. That the weeds and other obstructions to the fire of the gun-boats and fortifications be destroyed or removed.

Ninth. That a competent engineer officer be sent to Brashear to have the guns mounted, the rails of the traverse circles laid, the existing works put in order, obstructions removed, the mound destroyed, and the works herein recommended constructed.

Tenth. That 2,500 sand-bags be provided and sent to Brashear to be used as occasion may require in protecting the gunners from musketry.

Eleventh. That all surplus subsistence stores, ordnance property, quartermasters' property, and any other Government property not needed for the use of the garrison or the proper supply and defense of the place, be sent form Brashear to New Orleans.

Twelfth. That the small post at Bayou Boeuf crossing be secured against raids by a stockade or some other sufficient arrangement.

