
Thirteenth. That the heavy artillery troops be quartered in the forts and redoubt, with everything in readiness for instant action, and that the infantry, except necessary detachments, be encamped within the space inclosed by the works in the best positions, to be in readiness to move at once to the defense thereof, having their places at the works assigned beforehand.

Fourteenth. That to the naval force there be added, if practicable, one narrow gun-boat of light draught, to be used in operations in the narrow bayous. The present naval force to be retained, except that one gun-boat may be advantageously replaced by one carrying a heavier armament.

Fifteenth. That all Government buildings be removed to within the space to be protected by the present works and those proposed.

Sixteenth. That frequent inspections be made to see that such directions in these matters as may be given are promptly carried out, and that the post is kept at all times in good order and in complete readiness to receive an attack.

The foregoing is respectfully submitted.

I am, sir, respectfully, your obedient servant,

GEO. L. ANDREWS,

Brigadier-General of Volunteers.

[Indorsement.]
HEADQUARTERS DEPARTMENT OF THE GULF,New Orleans, August 14, 1864.

Respectfully forwarded to headquarters Military Division of West Mississippi.

The recommendations of General Andrews, meeting the views entertained by me (excepting the mounting of four Parrott 30-pounders), will be ordered to be carried into effect.

N. P. BANKS,

Major-General, Commanding.

THIBODEAUX, July 30, 1864.

(Received 9.30 a. m.)

Major GEORGE B. DRAKE,

Assistant Adjutant-General:

A rebel brought in last night attempting to enter our lines with a Confederate furlough; reports no other troops but his, the Crescent City Regiment, at Shreveport July 13. Walker was said to be in Alexandria when he passed, July 16, but he thinks but few troops there. Polignac reported at McNaught's Hill with his command, fifteen miles above Alexandria. Taylor was reported east of the Mississippi River. Passed Cheneyville July 20; saw no troops; none seen at Opelousas July 22. Four companies of Colonel Bush's (Fourth Louisiana) cavalry were at Saint Martinville July 24. Does not know where the troops are gone or what movement they are making, if any. All quiet here.

R. A. CAMERON,

Brigadier-General, Commanding.

