
THIBODEAUX, July 30, 1864-6 p. m.

(Received 9.15 p. m.)

Major GE0RGE B. DRAKE:

Nothing yet from Davis. All quiet elsewhere.

R. A. CAMERON,

Brigadier-General of Volunteers.

DONALDSONVILLE, July 30, 1864.

(Received 6 p. m.)

Major G. B. DRAKE:

Major Shaw reports all quiet at Plaquemine. Nothing new at this post. Have sent a squadron of cavalry out to reconnoiter in the vicinity of Lake Natchez to-day.

W. O. FISKE,

Colonel, Commanding Post.
HEADQUARTERS DEFENSES OF NEW ORLEANS,New Orleans, July 30, 1864.

Brigadier-General CAMERON,

District of La Fourche:

The general commanding directs me to say that your measures for overtaking the enemy are approved.* Whatever force of the enemy you may have in your front there are two objects always to be fulfilled: First, to capture or destroy the enemy; second, to hold on to Bayou La Fourche. The second condition will not prevent a cavalry dash to the Grand River, if you judiciously dispose your forces. Indeed, the two objects to be fulfilled admit of a beautiful combination, which the general, knowing as he does your character, is assured you will not fail to make if the occasion requires it. The general does no;t intend to trammel you with minute instructions, as you are on the spot, but desires that you should always keep those two points in view whilst in command of the La Fourche, and if you ever find it necessary to relinquish either, it is unnecessary to say it must be the first.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

OLIVER MATTHEWS,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

BATON ROUGE, July 30, 1864.

(Received 6 p. m.)

Major GEORGE B. DRAKE,

Assistant Adjutant-General:

My scouts have all returned; brought in one prisoner. I learn from a refugee that Colonel Scott is at Clinton, Colonel Powers at Burlington. Ford, the refugee, is from Hazlehurst, Miss. Says left there July 23. They had received news by telegraph that Atlanta was evacuate; all stores removed; Government machine- shop and powder-mills not removed. The gun-boat Avenger left Plaquemine at 7.30 this morning; arrived here at 10 o'clock; reports all quiet.

W. P. BENTON.

---------------

* This in reply to dispatch from Cameron, Part I, p. 180.

---------------

