
MORGANZA July 30, 1864-10.50 a. m.

Captain FARRINGTON,

Aide-de-Camp:

General Dennis arrived this morning with 2,200 men from Vicksburg.

M. K. LAWLER,

Brigadier-General.

MORGANZA, July 30, 1864-8 p. m.

Captain FARRINGTON,

Aide-de-Camp:

Major Cameron, Second New York Veteran Cavalry, has just returned from a reconnaissance to the Atchafalaya. He reports that the rebel forces on the other side had disappeared and their camp burned. No rebels were found on this side of the river. Citizens report that they have all crossed over and joined the main body. A deserter from some Texas regiment came in last evening and reports that all the rebel force in the vicinity were under orders to go to Monroe, La., via Alexandria. He heard his captain read the order directing him to withdraw all the force this side of the river preparatory to the above move. Major Cameron's report confirms his story. The deserter also reported that Major was at Cheneyville, Wharton at Alexandria, and Polignac near Marksville. According to best accounts, Captain McAnnelly, who cut our wire, was killed in the skirmish day before yesterday.

M. K. LAWLER,

Brigadier-General.

NEW ORLEANS, July 30, 1864.

Brigadier-General LAWLER,

Morganza, La:

The major-general directs that you will send the detachment of Eighth Indiana Volunteers to Algiers by first transportation, ordering the commanding officer to report on his arrival to these headquarters.

S. C FARRINGTON,

Captain and Aide-de-Camp.
HEADQUARTERS U. S. COLORED TROOPS,Morganza, July 30, 1864.

Captain WILSON,

Assistant Adjutant-General:

SIR: Referring to my conversation this morning with General Lawler, I have the honor to state that the Sixty-second U. S. Colored Infantry has been ordered to proceed to Port Hudson. This regiment is the best under my command, and detachments it have during the past three weeks been drilled in heavy artillery, in order that I might use them to man the guns of this fort. Their removal would be productive of serious inconvenience. I respectfully request that you will telegraph the above facts to headquarters at New Orleans.

I have, &amp;c., your obedient servant,

DANIEL ULLMANN,

Brigadier-General, Commanding.

