HDQRS. FIRST DIVISION, SEVENTH ARMY CORPS,Little Rock, Ark., July 30, 1864.

Lieutenant Colonel W. D. GREEN,

Assistant Adjutant-General, Department of Arkansas:

SIR: I have received the detail on the First Iowa Cavalry for 50 to 100 men from the dismounted men of the First Iowa Cavalry whose time is about to expire. There are no dismounted men in First Iowa Cavalry. The commanding officer of the regiment informs me that he has two horses for each man. There are over 300 men in this regiment who claim that their time has expired, and now threaten mutiny. If 50 or 100 of these men are detailed for this duty with permission to receive $2 per day, all will claim the same privilege. Nearly 200 men in First Missouri make the same claim, and I am induced to believe the great anxiety manifested by these men to get out of the service is stimulated by contractors who are desiring their labor. Under the circumstances I deem it proper to inform you of these facts before sending the men. Two hundred and twenty-five men of the First Iowa are already detached, driving teams, &amp;c., for depot quartermaster and other officers, but 220 men remain in the regiment for duty with 447 horses. The regiment is fast becoming demoralized, and its efficiency and the good of the service requires that the regiment be united as soon as possible. Captain Jenks informs me that this detail, if filled, will ruin his regiment, and the consequences will be injurious to the recruits of that command. I am led to believe that you have been misinformed with regard to the dismounted men of this command. Please inform me if the detail will be made.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

F. SALOMON,

Brigadier-General, Commanding.

BROWNSVILLE, July 30, 1864.

Brigadier-General CARR,

Little Rock:

We found in passing the hay station from the Bluff this a. m. that about 6 o'clock between 100 and 200 rebels attacked the guard of the Eleventh Missouri Cavalry there. Lost several men and horses and captured some of the haymen, and stampeded eighteen cavalry horses. The guard drove them off. They then went eastward and may try to get at the stock grazing on the prairie near the Bluff.

JAMES F. DWIGHT,

Major and Chief of Staff, District of Little Rock.

DEVALL'S BLUFF, ARK., July 30, 1864.

Captain C. H. DYER,

Assistant Adjutant-General, Little Rock:

A conscript reports he escaped Wednesday morning from camp at Price's plantation on Arkansas River. The number was less than 1,000 and they were then crossing to go to Fagan at Monticello to get armed. It was given out that they would come back '' after the taking of Pine Bluff.''

C. C. ANDREWS,

Brigadier-General, Commanding.

