SPECIAL ORDERS, HDQRS. DISTRICT OFF THE FRONTIER, Numbers 117. Fort Smith,, Ark., July 30, 1864.

I. Colonel William A. Phillips, Third Indian Home Guard, will turn over the command of the Indian Brigade to Colonel Stephen H. Wattles, First Indian Home Guard, and report in person to these headquarters immediately.

* * * *

By command of Brigadier General J. M. Thayer:

T. J. ANDERSON,Assistant Adjutant-General.

WAYNESVILLE, MO., July 30, 1864.

Major J. B. KAISER, Commanding Post:

MAJOR: I have the honor to report that I have returned from a scout, performed in obedience to Special Orders, Numbers 217, headquarters Post of Waynesville, dated July 23, 1864. I started from this place direct for Mill Numbers 1, situated on Big Piney, about forty-five miles distant from this post. This mill has always been reported to be a favorite resort of the bushwhackers. I learned that a daughter of Mrs. Rodgers and Miss Nannie George, a girl who is residing with Mrs. Rodgers, gave been for some time engaged in carrying food to the brush to guerrillas, and arrested them and brought them to this post. I also learned that the following persons are constantly engaged in feeding and harboring bushwhackers, viz: Mr. Williams, who resides five miles southeast from Mill Nol 1; Widow Wilson, one mile and a half south from Mill Numbers 1; Widow Ellis, whose daughter married Frank King, the notorious guerrilla; she resides about five miles west from Mill Numbers 1; Widow McGowan, who resides on the head of Roubidoux, and Mr. Oxendine, who lives on Barnum's farm, five miles south from Mill Numbers 1. There is evidence to show that all these persons are aiding guerrillas in every possible way. I learned also that the bushwhackers are getting their horseshoeing done at the shops of Mill Numbers 1 and Colonel Ormsby's. The owners of these shops state that they are forced by the guerrillas to let them have anything they are in need of. On July 23 a party of seventeen shod their horses at Mill Numbers 1, preparatory to a raid into the counties of Maries and Miller. They were under the command of Dick Watson. Robinson, the proprietor of Mill Numbers 1, is a British subject, and claims to be a loyal man, but I do not put any confidence in his loyalty, and would recommend that his shop and blacksmith tools, as well as all others in that country, be taken possession of by the Government, as they a great benefit to the guerrillas.

I am, major, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

GEORGE MULLER,

Captain Company A, Fifth Regiment Cavalry Missouri State Militia.

WARRENSBURG, July 30, 1864.

Major-General ROSECRANS:

Colonel Ford reports that Quantrill, Todd, and Cockrell, with 200 men, were near the crossing of the Little Blue, six miles south of Independence, last night. Colonel Ford will move against them from Kansas City, Independence, and Pleasant Hill. I am also taking other measures to meet them.

A. PLEASONTON,

Major-General.

