SPECIAL ORDERS, HDQRS. DISTRICT OF CENTRAL MISSOURI, Numbers 161. Warrensburg, Mo., July 30, 1864.

1. Lieutenant Colonel B. F. Lazear, First Cavalry Missouri State Militia, is hereby assigned the command of Companies A, D, E, F, G, H, I, and L of that regiment, for service in the field, and will rendezvous at Tabo, La Fayette County, Mo. Surg. J. W. Trader, First Cavalry Missouri State Militia, will report for duty to Lieutenant-Colonel Lazear. The headquarters of the regiment, Colonel James McFerran commanding, and Companies M and C, will remain until further orders, at Lexington. The tri-monthly reports, and reports of scouts, skirmishes, and marches, will be forwarded by Lieutenant-Colonel Lazear direct to these headquarters. Lieutenant-Colonel Lazear will receive special instructions from these headquarters, and will draw whatever supplies he needs from the depots at Warrensburg.

* * *

By order of Major-General Pleasonton:

J. H. STEGER.

Assistant Adjutant-General.
HEADQUARTERS DISTRICT OF CENTRAL MISSOURI,Warrensburg, Mo., July 30, 1864.

Lieutenant-Colonel LAZEAR,

Camp Brown, Mo.:

COLONEL: I am directed by the major-general commanding to convey to you the following information just received from Colonel Ford:

Quantrill, Todd, and Cockrell, with 200 men, were concentrated near Greenton, on Independence and Pleasanton Hill road, last night. I also have information that small paries are crossing the river, and they intend to cross nearly all of their command early next week.

Colonel Ford will move against them on Monday, and make a thorough scout in his sub-district with all the troops at his command. The general desires that you will get your command in readiness to pitch into these fellows whenever an opportunity presents. It is probable that they will move in your direction, and you are therefore expected to take immediate steps to learn their location, strength, &amp;c.

I have the honor to be, your obedient servant,

CLIFFORD THOMSON,

First Lieutenant and Aide-de-Camp.

P. S.-Greenton is near the crossing of the Little Blue.

LEXINGTON, Mo., July 30, 1864.

Captain JAMES H. STEGER,

Assistant Adjutant-General:

Reported Quantrill concentrated his forces night before last on Texas Prairie, nearly twenty miles southwest of here, and have left.

JAS. McFERRAN,

Colonel, Commanding.

