
WARRENSBURG, MO., July 30, 1864.

Colonel JAMES McFERRAN,

Lexington:

Have information that most of Thornton's men will attempt to cross in small squads to the south side early next week. Look out for them. Convey this information to Major Suess.

By order:

J. H. STEGER,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

WARRENSBURG, July 30, 1864.

Colonel JAMES McFERRAN,

Lexington:

Quantrill, Todd, and Cockrell, with 200 men, were near Little Blue, on Independence and Pleasant Hill road, last night. Colonel Ford will move against them on Monday from Kansas City, Independence, and Pleasant Hill. Lieutenant-Colonel Lazear has also been directed to act against Quantrill and company.

By order:

J. H. STEGER,

Assistant Adjutant-General.
HEADQUARTERS DISTRICT OF SOUTHWEST MISSOURI,Springfield, Mo., July 30, 1864.

Lieutenant Colonel HUGH CAMERON,

Commanding Post of Cassville, Mo.:

SIR: Your communication of the 28th is received. If the letters captured were not directed to parties south of the Arkansas River I suppose that it could not be held that they were addressed to parties beyond the lines of the Federal army, unless addressed to persons who reside within, or in the immediate vicinity of, some of the enemy's camps. Still if it appears from any letter taken in connection with all other circumstances that any party designed to furnish information or aid to the enemy, such party should be held in custody and tied for the offense, and the party or parties attempting to take letters from within our camps to persons residing in or near the rebel camps, without any written permit so to do, should be arrested and punished. All letters passing from and through Cassville into Arkansas for the present must be examined by you or the provost-marshal and permitted to pass or retained and returned to the author or writer. Much damage may result from even friendly correspondence where none is intended. No letters and no goods should be passed into Arkansas except on special permits from yourself or the assistant provost-marshal.

JOHN B. SANBORN,

Brigadier-General, Commanding.

SAINT JOSEPH, Mo., July 30, 1864.

Major-General ROSECRANS:

There was a rousing meeting in Saint Joseph to encourage volunteering. I will roll the ball all over the district and soon have the boys for muster.

CLINTON B. FISK,

Brigadier-General.

