
SAINT LOUIS, MO., July 30, 1864.

General FISK,

Saint Joe, Mo.:

It is reported that a man named McKusick, who came recommended as captain of a company to be raised in neighborhood of Macon City, has been claiming to raise an independent company. He is now in neighborhood of Huntsville interfering with execution of General Orders, Numbers 107. Put a stop to this operation at once. It is also reported that troops of the Ninth Enrolled Missouri Militia were in Huntsville threatening Judge Hall and others while organizing under 107, threatening to kill the judge. Have the matter remedied.

W. S. ROSECRANS,

Major-General.

SAINT LOUIS, Mo., July 30, 1864.

Brigadier-General FISK,

Saint Joseph, Mo.:

General Douglass telegraphs that Bill Anderson has Huntsville and the First Iowa have not arrived. Where Are they and why not push Catherwood to Brunswick and Keytesville.

W. S. ROSECRANS,

Major-General.

SAINT JOE, MO., July 30, 1864.

Major-General ROSECRANS:

Lieutenant-Colonel Caldwell, with 150 men, is after Bill Anderson to-day from Macon. I have 500 men scouring through Chariton and Randolph to Allen. Lieutenant-Colonel Caldwell's detachment will join General Douglass as soon as the chase after Anderson is over. I am now concentrating the Ninth Cavalry Missouri State Militia, under Colonel Draper, to take the field without baggage or subsistence and follow Anderson's gang day and night until the villain is exterminated. The people in Randolph, Howard, and Boone have exhibited such apathy in responding to your earnest appeal to help themselves that they really deserve scourging to some extent. Colonel Catherwood has his hands full in Clay.

CLINTON B. FISK,

Brigadier-General.

MEXICO, July 30, 1864.

Major-General ROSECRANS:

Train from Macon brings news that Bill Anderson has Huntsville surrounded. Hung Colonel Denny's father this morning at Huntsville, but let him down before dead. Troops from Macon City en route for Huntsville. First Iowa have not reached me yet.

J. B. DOUGLASS,

Brigadier-General.

