
GENERAL ORDERS, HDQRS. DISTRICT OF LITTLE ROCK, Numbers 14. July 5, 1864.

The commander of every post in this district will report daily, by telegraph, to these headquarters. Report will state what news has been received from the enemy; what news from scouting parties then out; what encounters with guerrillas and their results; what troops have arrived at or left the post (except stated details) since last report, and such other information as may be useful.

By command of Brigadier General E. A. Carr:

C. H. DYER,

Assistant Adjutant-General.
SPECIAL ORDERS, HDQRS. DISTRICT OF LITTLE ROCK, Numbers 39. Little Rock, Ark., July 5, 1864.

* * * * * *

II. The Second Arkansas Infantry, lately ordered up the Arkansas River, will be under the orders of Colonel A. H. Ryan, Third Arkansas Cavalry, commanding post of Lewisburg, who will station them in such position as may be most conducive to the interests of the public service.

By order of Brigadier General E. A. Carr:

C. H. DYER,Assistant Adjutant-General.

LITTLE ROCK, July 5, 1864.

Colonel P. CLAYTON,

Commanding Pine bluff:

COLONEL: One of our officers, returned prisoner, reports that the rebels have a pontoon bridge at South Bend and an infantry force to guard it, while the cavalry cross over to operate on our railroad and White River. My scouts report that they met rebel deserters who said they had deserted because they objected to cross the Mississippi. Shelby is reported at Augusta. White River is all clear. There is an iron-clad and a monitor at Clarendon, and I presume by this time four of the gun-boat fleet on the river. I think they can prevent the establishment of rebel batteries. Any news from your reconnoitering party?

FREDK. STEELE,

Major-General.

PINE BLUFF, ARK., July 5, 1864-3.30 p. m.

Major-General STEELE:

My reconnoitering party left at about noon yesterday with directions to go as far as Arkansas Post. They went out with four days' rations. Do not expect to hear from them before to-morrow night. I have no late news of the enemy,.

POWELL CLAYTON,

Colonel, Commanding.

