
Douglass, at mexico, but you will be at liberty to correspond with and communicate directly with these headquarters on all subjects requiring immediate attention. you will call out for the item being such militia force as the exigencies of the hour may require, and make requisitions for such arms, subsistence, &amp;c., as you need. General Douglass has been advised of my action in the premises, and will furnish you the Enrolled Missouri Militia orders in compliance with my wishes.

CLINTON B. FISK,

Brigadier-General.
HEADQUARTERS DETACHMENT VETERAN VOLUNTEERS,Cameron, July 30, 1864.

Brigadier-General FISK,

Commanding District of North Missouri:

GENERAL: In compliance with special instructions received from general commanding Department of the Missouri, I arrived at Cameron the morning of the 24th instant, with detachments First Iowa Cavalry and Sixth Cavalry Missouri State Militia, numbering 660 men. Moved one column, First Iowa, south via Hainesville, Richfield, and Missouri River bottom. Moved myself via Knoxville, Claysville, &c. From my own column I thoroughly scouted the country. Could hear of but few small squads of guerrillas. The force under Thornton, I am reliably informed, has left the district. I do not believe it ever exceeded 200 men. This is the only force I con hear of as having been in the district. We have killed several roaming guerrillas. I think with a reorganization of the militia force, entire quiet can be secured. Some of the companies of militia under the late orders are not sufficiently trustworthy to be armed, and should be disbanded. Partin's company, at Mirabile, is too disloyal to trust. I would advise the complete organization of Captain Rodgers' company, at Hainesville; Captain Crouse's, at Mirabile; Captain Jones, at Cameron; Captain Harsel's, at Liberty, and one good loyal company at Richmond. Disband all the others, and I think this will insure quiet at Clinton, Caldwell, Ray, and Clay Counties. I think the reports of numbers and outrages of guerrillas in your district have been greatly exaggerated and unreliable. A large amount of property has been stolen through the country by men sent out to hunt down thieves and robbers. A more perfect organization of the militia (if required) is very much needed. The detachment First Iowa Cavalry have gone to Saint Joseph, I learn, Though I have no official information of the move.

awaiting further instructions, I remain, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

E. C. CATHERWOOD,

Colonel, Commanding, &c.

CHILLICOTHE, July 30, 1864.

General FISK:

Colonel Shanklin's men were so much fatigued, and were anxious to return home to take care of their crops, i consented to let them return without an order from you. I have two companies of fresh men mounted and two companies of infantry on duty here, and Company K, Fourth Provisional Regiment Enrolled Missouri Militia; detachment of Com-

