
pan K, Fourth Provisional Regiment, at Grand River bridge. I think I have sufficient force to protect this part of the county. I hope, general, you will approve my acts as I was prompted by the purest motives.

A. J. SWAIN,

Lieutenant-Colonel, Commanding Post

SAINT JOSEPH, July 30, 1864.

Lieutenant Colonel A. J. SWAIN,

Chillicothe, Mo.:

Your disposition of Shanklin's command is approved. Thornton reported killed by his own men. Thrailkill was near Mirabile this morning.

CLINTON B. FISK,

Brigadier-General.

CHILLICOTHE, July 30, 1864.

General CLINTON B. FISK:

Your dispatch of last night received. I con hold some of my men for the service indicated, but only by peremptory orders. Their crops are wasting at home and they are anxious to return, having already lost one week.

J. H. SHANKLIN,

Colonel, Commanding Enrolled Missouri Militia.

WASHINGTON, D. C., July 30, 1864.

Major-General CURTIS,

Fort Leavenworth:

If absolutely necessary, the First Nebraska furloughed men can be put on temporary duty in your department. All cavalry horses are now required by law to be purchased by Quartermaster's Department.

H. W. HALLECK,

Major-General and Chief of Staff.
HEADQUARTERS DEPARTMENT OF KANSAS,Fort Larded, July 30, 1864.

Colonel J. M. CHIVINGTON:

DEAR COLONEL: I arrived here last night just as four companies of the First Colorado arrived, which I ordered forward over six weeks ago, I believe. If instead of sending my orders to you from Lyon the commanding officer had moved promptly, a great portion of the murders and loss of stock that have occurred in this region would have been spared. I regret also that none of your field officers are here, although several of the companies are present with only two captains and very few lieutenants. It was my purpose to have gone through, but matters along the river below seem to require further attention, which I am obliged myself to give immediate and further attention. The last train from the west was attacked at the Cimarron Crossing and two men killed and scalped. I sent a force back to guard that

