
My militia have now been out eight days and got a long way from their homes. They are, therefore,, unwilling to go much farther, and I have not troops enough without them to guard the posts and follow as I would desire to do.

The Colorado troops just arrived make a fine appearance, and I trust they will close out their career as it has so far progressed, with honor to themselves and their country.

I remain, governor, very respectfully,

S. R. CURTIS,

Major-General.

FORT SCOTT, KANS., July 30, 1864.

Brigadier General T. J. McKEAN,

Paola, Kans.:

I am satisfied there are about 600 or 700 rebels about Cowskin Prairie, ninety miles south of here, in Missouri, and that they range up this way to Cow Creek, forty miles from here. But at present, with the threatening indications north, I am afraid to weaken my immediate command by sending after them. As soon as things are restored to their usual quiet above I will try to give an account of them.

CHAD. W. BLAIR,

Colonel.

OMAHA, NEBR. TER., July 30, 1864.

Colonel R. R. LIVINGSTON,

First Nebraska Cavalry, Plattsmouth:

General Mitchell does not feel authorized to make disposition of your command. Governor Saunders has telegraphed to General Curtis, who may issue orders in the matter.

Respectfully,

JNO. PRATT,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

FORT THOMPSON, DAK. TER., July 30, 1864.

General H. H. SIBLEY,

Saint Paul, Minn.:

SIR: I have the satisfaction to report that the expedition under my charge, consisting of forty-five ox teams and fifty men, from Mankato Fort Thompson, Dak. Ter., arrived at its place of destination on the 28th instant. The distance traveled is 300 miles, which was accomplished in twenty-five days without loss or accident, though the wagons were heavily laden and the weather excessively warm. The country trough which we passed is suffering severely from drought, yet sufficient grass and water was found at convenient distances to supply the animals. No hostile Indians were met with, nor any recent signs of them discovered, on the entire route. Having no; escort we were obliged to rely upon ourselves for protection. The arms and ammunition so kindly furnished by you were not used, yet they served to inspire the men with confidence, and should occasion have required it, I have reason to believe that they would have performed veteran service. It affords me much pleasure to be able to say that the journey performed was barren of almost everything worthy of notice; that we traveled

