
these guards will be permitted to work for the contractors when not on duty, but will always have their arms in readiness to repulse an attack. Such additional guard as may be necessary for the protection of haymakers and their property, and can be supplied without detriment to the service, will be furnished from the troops of the Second Division, but the above-mentioned guard will be considered permanent, and not removed without special cause, the object [being] to furnish men to supply the place of those hired by the contractors, who have run away and will not stay on account of the danger from the enemy, thereby stopping the work and leaving this as the only course to secure a supply of hay for the winter. The detachment of the First Nebraska Cavalry is suggested for this duty.
By order of Brigadier General E. A. Carr:

C. H. DYER,

Assistant Adjutant-General.
HEADQUARTERS DISTRICT OF LITTLE ROCK,Little Rock, Ark., July 31, 1864.

Brigadier-General BUSSEY,

Commanding First Division:

GENERAL: The brigadier-general commanding directs that you discontinue the labor on the fortifications, except Fort Steele, and place all laboring details at work cutting down the timber on the west and south side of town. Lieutenant Vredenburgh, acting aide-de-camp, will direct the officer where the timber is to be cut on the west side, and Lieutenant Harms, acting aide-de-camp, on the south.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

C. H. DYER,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

LITTLE ROCK, July 31, 1864.

(Received 1.45 p. m.)

Brigadier General C. C. ANDREWS,

Commanding Devall's Bluff:

GENERAL: Do you get anything confirming the report that Shelby is going to Missouri? If it is a fact, we must pursue him. Ryan is prepared for him at Lewisburg. Who made the raid on the hay-cutters? I hear no rumors of shelby since your dispatch.

F. STEELE,

Major-General.

DEVALL'S BLUFF, ARK., July 31, 1864.

(Received 5.30 p. m.)

Major General F. STEELE,

Little Rock:

General West has left on special train for Little Rock. The information I have is that Shelby's pickets were at Dennard, Van Buren County, a week ago last Thursday, and that Shelby himself was in the neighborhood of Jacksonport. I think his forces are still about Batesville and Jacksonport. I would send a heavy scout to Cotton Plant if the forces were not ot be needed for a few days, or the Celeste might

