
go to Augusta. At the latter place I feel sure we could get information, though it would be at some risk. Colonel Geiger is back here with the Eighth Missouri and Ninth Iowa Cavalry, leaving Eleventh Missouri as guards for hay-makers. Shall have as many men effective as possible. The lack with the Third Michigan is arms, their carbines being unreliable; besides, four squadrons have to stay at Remount Camp.

C. C. ANDREWS,

Brigadier-General, Commanding.

DEVALL'S BLUFF, July 31, 1864.

(Received 12 m.)

Captain C. H. DYER,

Assistant Adjutant-General, Little Rock, Ark.:

Steamer Saint Patrick just arrived with 237 horses, after a long trip-General West came. Two more boats are an hour behind. General Lee informs me a regiment of 800 men arrived there yesterday.

C. C. ANDREWS,

Brigadier-General, Commanding.
HDQRS. SECOND DIVISION, SEVENTH ARMY CORPS,devall's Bluff, July 31, 1864.

Colonel WILLIAM H. GRAVES,

Commanding First Brigade:

The brigadier-general commanding directs that you detail three commissioned officers and 100 men, with two days' rations, for an expedition by water. The detail will embark on the Celeste at daylight to-morrow (Monday) morning. It is suggested that the detail be made from the Sixty-first Illinois. It is important that it should be punctual to embark at daylight. The officer to be in command will report to the general commanding this evening, or at daylight in the morning, for instructions.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

GUY S. ALEXANDER,

First Lieutenant, 62nd Illinois Infty., and Actg. Asst. Adjt. General
HDQRS. SECOND DIVISION, SEVENTH ARMY CORPS,Devall's Bluff, Ark., July 31, 1864.

Colonel W. F. GEIGER,

Commanding Third Brigade:

COLONEL: Have that part of your command that is at this post in readiness to march at an hour's notice. Use all possible efforts to bring the effective to the highest number. Have the necessary shoeing hurried. Be ready at the earliest moment to take the field with as large a force as can be made efficient. Send in a report at 8 to-morrow morning of your effective force, and a statement of the probable number you can take the field with in twenty-four hours from that time.

By order of Brigadier-General Andrews:

GUY S. ALEXANDER,

Acting Assistant Adjutant-General.

