
FLAG-SHIP BLACK HAWK,

Mound city, Ill., July 31, 1864.

Major C. T. CHRISTENSEN,

Assistant Adjutant-General, &amp;c.:

DEAR MAJOR: A batch of documents just arrived from your headquarters relative to the Rob Roy going up Red River, &c., containing in one of them a remark of General Banks about not being able to trust naval officers, ought to be attended to at once; but as the admiral is away on leave and will not return for some time, I take this means of informing you privately about the matter that you may let the general(Canby) know. Captain Griffin gas an order from the President similar to the one General Canby saw at Red River in the possession of Mr. Casey, and which can't be got over by military men when presented. I believe General Banks to be aware of this, as he certainly was of Mr. Casey's. I think there is no doubt that the allegations against the Rob Roy are perfectly correct, only that the supplies are to come from New Orleans, sent to the Atchafalaya, and carried by the Rob Roy to their destination. This I was informed of by one of Casey's party, who have abandoned their speculation as they were unable to compete with Griffin-that is, greenbacks versus half supplies delivered as above and half sterling exchange. It was the intention, I'm told, of Captain Griffin to get his vessel over the bar and allow her to be caught by the falling river. I have written to Foster, temporarily commanding at Red River, what I've heard. As for the Bayou Sara affair, I've no doubt the same thing is going on, but you may rely upon Foster as being one of the most honest, upright men in the world, but greatly in disfavor with the provost-marshal at New Orleans. Please present my kindest regards to General Canby and such of his staff as were with you, and believe me,

Yours, truly,

K. R. BREESE,

Lieutenant-Commander, Commanding.

MEMPHIS, TENN., July 31, 1864.

(Received August 7.)

Major-General CANBY:

Your dispatch of 25th received. I have ordered out all my effective force under General A. J. Smith to make another campaign against Forrest pursuant to orders from Major General W. T. Sherman, and for that reason cannot relieve General Gordon until the expedition shall return. But for this I should have thrown a large cavalry force before now into the country north of White River, Ark.

C. C. WASHBURN,

Major-General.

KANSAS CITY, July 31, 1864.

Captain JAMES H. STEGER, Asst. Adjt. General:

Quantrill intends striking some place this week. My best informa tion says west, either Independence or Kansas City; I think it will be east. He can raise 400 men. I start form Independence in a few minutes.

Will communicate with you from there.

J. H. FORD,

Colonel, &c.

