
SAINT JOSEPH, July 31, 1864.

Major-General ROSECRANS:

McKusick has no authority form me and I will stop him immediately. Lieutenant-Colonel Draper has now taken hold of the Ninth Missouri State Militia and will correct the evils complained of. I have ordered him to Huntsville from Macon to-day.

CLINTON B. FISK,

Brigadier-General.

MACON, July 31, 1864.

[General FISK:]

GENERAL: Have just returned. Captain Smith would not allow the operator to put the line up on this circuit, and the wires were all disconnected at Allen. I went on to Sturgeon and ordered Captain Smith to move the two companies to Allen. Major Bartlett has left 100 of his men at Sturgeon. He left last night for the country between Huntsville and Fayette with the intention of following Anderson. Have not heard from, but think he will bring him to bay. As I was returning eight bushwhackers crossed the railroad in full view, but got out of range before I could give them a shot.

DAN. M. DRAPER,

Lieutenant-Colonel Ninth Missouri State Militia Cavalry.

GLASGOW, July 31, 1864.

General FISK:

Returned July 30, moved immediately ten miles north, hoping to get Holtzclaw, whom the Keytesville militia fought at 9 a. m. July 30, but we failed to overtake him and returned at 10 p. m. Major Leonard left for Fayette this morning. A detachment, seventy-five in all, Ninth Missouri and First Iowa Cavalry reached here from Macon this morning at 11 o'clock. He was down between both sides until noon to-day. A troop of Second Colorado are reported on the way from Boonville, who may be here to-night. General, our muskets with not one revolver are poor arms to fight bushwhackers with. Can we not be better armed? May I apply for other arms? To whom, where, or from whom shall I obtain ammunition. An expedition. An expedition of forty men, half of Seventeenth Illinois Cavalry and half militia, went from here to Allen July 22 for ordnance, who were attacked by William Anderson, with sixty-five men, who were repulsed, though they killed twenty horses, which were outside of a tobacco house. Our men on the way back were importuned to go out three miles and fight Anderson. Eleven citizens volunteered. The whole thirty-nine, twelve being very sick or dismounted, were surprised, defeated, losing 6 men, horses, and 2 men killed. these are the items I gather, having no report yet. Holtzclaw, with seventy-five men, at 6 a. m. to-day was seen southeast of Glasgow, moving southeast. Captain Baker, of the Sioux City steamer, Passed here yesterday morning. Reports being fired into ten miles this side of Boonville and that 200 men were supposed to be on this side the river opposite Boonville. That is the direction Holtzclaw is moving to-day.

L. C. MATLACK,

Major, Commanding, &amp;c.

