
Attempting to bring them in after dark, the rascals made their escape, though it is supposed some of them were killed. Their arms and five ponies, however, were brought in. We expect to be attacked every moment, and are making such preparations as we can. It is now 12 midnight. We are in great need of arms. Not more than half of our people are supplied. We have many of our citizens enlisted, and were to have organized to-morrow, but the emergency renders it necessary that we send to you immediately. We want 100 rifles and 2,000 cartridges, and if you can send us fifty saddles it will be of great advantage to us. We shall perfect our organization to-morrow, and will send list of officers at once. Mr. Colton will transact the necessary business with you regarding the arms, &amp;c. If you have soldiers to spare it would really be politics to send them to us. We have valuable crops now ripening, and need every man to secure them. These crops are important to the Territory, especially if our communication with the States is to be interrupted. We expect you will do the best you can for us.

Very respectfully, yours, &c.,

A. L. SHELDON.

FORT ABERCROMBIE, DAK. TER., July 31, 1864.

Captain R. C. OLIN,

Asst. Adjt. General, Dist. of Minn., Saint Paul, Minn.:

SIR: Pursuant to Special Orders, Numbers 139, dated headquarters District of Minnesota, Saint Paul, June 17, 1864, I started from Fort Abercrombie, Dak. Ter., with one subaltern and fifty-two enlisted men of my company on the 4th day of July, 1864; crossed the Red River at Georgetown on the 10th, scouted down the river, and arrived at Pembina, Dak. Ter., on the 18th. Rested there for two days. Found barracks in good condition. Heard while there from the half-breeds that all the Sioux, with the exception of Six's and Little Crow's bands, are and have been all summer on the Grand Coteau of the Missouri at or near the Maison du Chien. Six's and Little Crow's bands are at the Elk Head, about eighty miles to the northwest of Turtle Mountain, in the British Possessions. Since the battalion left Pembina last spring no Sioux have been or heard of anywhere in the vicinity of Pembina.

On the 20th I started back for this post. On arriving at Georgetown we found one Sioux there who had in his possession a very fine American horse. The Sioux was hidden in the bushes below the houses, and as soon as I heard of his presence I took one of my men by the name of Thomas Le Blanc, a Sioux half-breed, and started to look for him. As soon as Le Blanc Saw him he spoke to him, but the Sioux started to run and jumped into the river, when we shot him and killed him.

I arrived here with my company on the 30th. I found the grass all along the valley of the Red River first rate. I shall start again in a day or two, or as soon as I can get my horses shod. I am not able to give you better information as to the whereabouts of the Sioux because none of the half-breed hunters have come back yet from the plains, but I think that in the course of the next two weeks I shall be able to send you some reliable information. The horses which that Sioux had was brought to this post.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

H. S. DONALDSON,

Captain Company D, Independent Battalion Minnesota Vols.

