
the Fourth Wisconsin, crossed the Amite and appeared on New River with a squad of his associates. Two detachments of the Eleventh New York Cavalry were sent out to capture them, but as they are in the swamps, dismounted,, could not meet with them. Two houses on New River, one a house of prostitution, where King stopped, were burned by order of Major Remington.

Respectfully,

CYRUS HAMLIN,

Colonel, Commanding.

DONALDSONVILLE, August 1, 1864.

(Received 9.40 a. m.)

Major G. B. DRAKE,

Assistant Adjutant-General:

The cavalry patrol I have had turned out returned last night. They could not get ot Lake Natchez on account of the swamps, but they went to Grand River and followed it u ;p within three miles of the Park. There is a small force there. I think nothing need be feared from that section of the country at present from all that I can learn. All quiet here.

W. O. FISKE,

Colonel, Commanding Post.
HEADQUARTERS U. S. FORCES,Morganza, August 1, 1864.

Colonel MYER,

Major-General Canby's Headquarters, New Orleans:

From your scout sent up July 3, and who has just returned from Alexandria, I learn that Colonel Hardeman's brigade of rebel cavalry, 2,400 to 2,800 strong, was twenty miles south of Vidalia, or Natchez, on the 23rd of July. Walker's division (three brigades of infantry) is ordered to the same point. He met three regiments of cavalry on their way to Alexandria. Colonel Crump's regiment is still on the Atchafalaya. Four dispatches were sent direct from Richmond to Generals Smith, Walker, Polignac, and Wharton, for them to cross their forces to the other bank of the river, as they were very much needed there. It is presumed they will cross at or near Vidalia. Walker's division when last heard of was at Harrisonburg.

M. K. LAWLER,

Brigadier-General.

Operator will please send copy to General Reynolds.
HEADQUARTERS U. S. FORCES,Morganza, La., August 1, 1864.

Brigadier General E. S. DENNIS,

Commanding First Division, Seventeenth Corps:

GENERAL: The general commanding directs me to acknowledge the receipt of your note informing him of the surprise and capture of three of our pickets on the Texas road. His regrets the occurrence very much and sees in it good reason for increased vigilance on the part of com-

