SPECIAL ORDERS, HEADQUARTERS SAINT LOUIS DISTRICT, Numbers 139. Saint Louis, Mo., July 5, 1864.

* * * * * *

2. The Eleventh Enrolled Missouri Militia, Colonel Coff, is relieved from duty and will report to Brigadier-General Pike, commanding First Military District, Enrolled Missouri Militia, to take effect the 2nd instant.

3. So much of paragraph 4, Special Orders, Numbers 137, as directs Lieutenant Colonel J. N. Herder, First Infantry Missouri State Militia, to proceed to Pilot Knob and report to Colonel J. F. Tyler, commanding, is revoked.

* * * * * *

By order of Brigadier General Thomas Ewing, jr.:

H. HANNAHS,Lieutenant and Acting Assistant Adjutant-General.

WARRENSBURG, MO., July 5, 1864.

Major O. D. GREENE,

Assistant Adjutant-General:

I have the honor to report that during the past week parties of guerrillas have been moving south, in some cases reporting that they were going to join Shelby, and some of the same parties have returned within the past two days. Reports received in the night inform me that several bands of guerrillas have reappeared on the line of Jackson and La Fayette Counties, and that a party of 100 was at Waverly yesterday morning commanded by Quantrill, and that others are coming in from the north side of the river, apparently concentrating for a raid. Our troops are moving in pursuit of them. I have telegraphed Colonel Hall, at Sedalia, to look out for a move toward Cooper County.

E. B. BROWN,

Brigadier-General of Volunteers, Commanding.

PLEASANT HILL, July 5, 1864.

Captain J. H. STEGER,

Assistant Adjutant-General:

General Totten is of the opinion that I should command my regiment in addition to the Fourth Sub-District. It is my wish to do so; therefore, unless otherwise ordered by you, I shall take Lieutenant Roe and the regimental books to Kansas City with me. It will give me one more officer for duty, as one adjutant can do both duties.

J. H. FORD,

Colonel, &amp;c.

WARRENSBURG, July 5, 1864.

Colonel J. H. FORD,

Pleasant Hill:

There is no objection to your taking command and moving regimental headquarters to Kansas City.

By order of Brigadier-General Brown:

J. H. STEGER,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

