HEADQUARTERS POST,Lewisburg, Ark., August 1, 1864.

Captain C. H. DYER,

Assistant Adjutant-General, District of Little Rock:

CAPTAIN: Steamer Carrie Jacobs arrived this p. m. [which] sixty tons of commissary stores for this post.

Since my last report by telegraph scouts have come in from Red River, Sugar Loaf Springs, Quitman, &amp;c. From them I learn that Shelby has divided his force, McCray with 1,500 men being north of the Little Red River, Shelby and Jackman south of it with about 2,800 men. Two parties coming in to-day report hearing artillery firing on Saturday. Not knowing of any force out from Brownsville cannot conjecture what it can be. Captain Taylor thought it in vicinity of Austin. I have kept light scouting parties out constantly, and will do so till I can ascertain that the enemy can be reached by the forces from this post. We are greatly in need of hospital supplies, the medical purveyor at Little Rock not having the supplies to fill the requisitions handed him by the post surgeon. The Tenth Illinois Cavalry and Battery K, First Missouri Light Artillery, reported here without surgeons, and the Twenty-ninth Iowa Infantry without medical supplies. The Second Arkansas Infantry is still in bad condition, reporting but eighty men for duty. There are three independent companies in the vicinity of this post, all of them in need of arms, ammunition, and rations, and looking to the Government to supply them. One of them I believe was raised by the sanction of His Excellency Governor Isaac Murphy for the period of ninety days. I desire instructions concerning them, and to what extent I can furnish them with the above-named supplies. I have sent repairer with escort to re-establish telegraphic communication with Little Rock. The intrenchments are rapidly being pushed forward and will be completed within two days. The captain of steamer Carrie Jacobs reports that steamers can reach this point without much difficulty.

Respectfully, your obedient servant,

A. H. RYAN,

Colonel, Commanding Post.

[Memorandum.]

AUGUST 3, 1864.

Answer Colonel Ryan saying that the whole department is short of medical supplies on account of the burning of a large quantity at Louisville, Ky. A hospital has been established at Lewisburg where sick men can be accommodated. Surgeon Hocker, Second Arkansas, is or was here; should be kept at his place. It is not expected that the present force will be kept up at Lewisburg very long. A reasonable number of guides and spies can be kept up and be supplied with rations and ammunition, but three companies are too many; they should be employed by the quartermaster's department and borne on his reports at nominal pay. If the State government raises troops it must take care of them till they are mustered into the U. S. service.

E. A. C[ARR],

Brigadier-General.

