HEADQUARTERS DEPARTMENT OF ARKANSAS,Little Rock, Ark., August 1, 1864.

Brigadier General J. M. THAYER,

Commanding District of the Frontier:

GENERAL: The major-general commanding has heard from Saint Louis that you had ordered the troops away from Fayetteville preparatory to breaking up that post. He directs me to say that he wishes that post maintained.

I have the honor to be, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

[CHAS. T. SCAMMON,]

Major and Aide-de-Camp.
HEADQUARTERS DEPARTMENT OF ARKANSAS,Little Rock, Ark., August 1,1 864.

Brigadier General J. M. THAYER,

Commanding District of the Frontier, Fort Smith, Ark.:

GENERAL: I am directed by Major-General Steele to say that for the present he is obliged to detain the Ninety Kansas Cavalry Volunteers in the District of Little Rock, as the enemy is very active in this portion of the department, threatening the railroad and other points, and cavalry is needed more than any other arm of the service. He further directs me to say that you will order the detachment of the Third Wisconsin Cavalry Volunteers, now in your district, to join the headquarters of the regiment at Little Rock with as little delay as possible. The drivers of the Kansas battery belonging to your command are at Little Rock with battery horses and equipments complete, by cannot be sent forward at present for want of an escort. The general is of the opinion that it would be well for you to send the cannoneers down with the detachment of the Third Wisconsin Cavalry, and thus enable the men to become acquainted with the service of their news guns.

I have the honor to be, general, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

WM. D. GREEN,

Lieutenant-Colonel and Assistant Adjutant-General.

P. S.-All officers and enlisted men of the Third Wisconsin Cavalry Volunteers on detached duty in your district will be relieved from such service and ordered to march with the detachment of the regiment to Little Rock.

By order of Major General F. Steele:

W. D. GREEN,

Lieutenant-Colonel and Assistant Adjutant-General.

SAINT LOUIS, MO., August 1, 1864.

(Received 5.30 p. m.)

Colonel E. D. TOWNSEND,

Assistant Adjutant-General:

I have already called for nine regiments of twelve month's volunteer infantry, and will probably call for three more if they can be raised. With these we shall be able to organize the Missouri State Militia now in service and enforce the draft.

W. S. ROSECRANS,

Major-General.

