
HOLDEN, August 1, 1864.

Captain J. H. STEGER,

Assistant Adjutant-General, Warrensburg:

It has been reported to me that the 500 rebels have crossed the Missouri River. The information, however, is not of a character positive enough to induce implicit belief, but is perhaps entitled to some consideration.

M. U. FOSTER,

Captain, Commanding.

MACON, August 1, 1864.

General FISK:

The force threatening Belvoir turned out to be Anderson with twelve men, of whom I telegraphed you yesterday.

DAN. M. DRAPER,

Lieutenant-Colonel, Ninth Cavalry.

CAMERON, August 1, 1864.

Brigadier-General FISK:

I have seventy-five men in Fishing River bottom, fifty in vicinity of Union Mills, and other small squads out. Lieutenant Perkins reports he killed four of Shephard's men since he left. I have been obliged to burn several haunts of bushwhackers on Fishing River. I leave in the morning.

E. C. CATHERWOOD,

Colonel.

SAINT JOSEPH, MO., August 1, 1864.

Colonel E. C. CATHERWOOD, Cameron:

Move your command to Liberty and take command of all troops operating in Clay County. The guerrillas, under Zeigler, Shephard, and Thrailkill, are this morning in the Fishing River bottoms, and hold Clay County, with the exception of Liberty. You must change the programmed; put your best men after the villains, and keep them on the track. Co-operate with the Ray and Platte County troops. Aid the people in getting on their feet and organizing under Order 107, to take care of themselves, if they are so disposed. Bring order out of confusion as speedily as possible, and give the loyalists strength, comfort, and hope.

CLINTON B. FISK,

Brigadier-General.

SAINT JOSEPH, August 1, 1864.

Colonel J. T. K. HAYWARD, Hannibal:

Make your sub-district a very hot place for rebels and a secure place for loyalists. Put down, drive out, kill, and exterminate every guerrilla and thief you can find. Let loyalty prevail. I shall soon have one or two general orders before the public, which, vigorously enforced, will give you a base of operations. What have you to recommend?

CLINTON B. FISK,

Brigadier-General.

