
BROOKFIELD, August 1, 1864.

General FISK:

I think all who are proved to be in a civil complicity with bushwhackers should be shot. When a known disloyal man feeds and harbors bushwhackers and can't show that he did all he could to prevent it, and to give the most speedy notice of it, burn him clean. In this way you soon make it for the interest of disloyal men to take sides actively. If they go to the bush, shoot them; if they don't, you will find them at work in earnest to put a stop to guerrilla depredations. This may not look well in a published order, but I think it would work well in practice. When our men leave home to do duty let the disloyal at home take care of their corps. Our Union men have always borne all the suffering; let it fall now on the other side, and all good men will bless you. I hear to-day that nearly every loyal man in Ralls-County is a refugee from home. The above will be my programmed unless you countermand it and don't require positive orders.

J. T. K. HAYWARD,

Colonel, Commanding.

SAINT JOSEPH, August 1, 1864.

Major L. C. MATLACK, Glasgow:

I am glad to hear that you have once more reached the white settlements. Colonel Greene, assistant adjutant-general, writes me that your revolvers are on the way from New York. I hope you will speedily get them, as I appreciate fully your defenseless condition compared with the well-armed foe you have to fight. The Allen and Huntsville affairs were bad enough. Are you shot of ammunition for your muskets? General Douglass has been put in command of the military district in which is Howard County. His headquarters are at Mexico, and your reports will got through him to me, yet you are at liberty to communicate directly with me at any time. Keep your command on the best war footing possible and be ready for emergencies.

CLINTON B. FISK,

Brigadier-General.

WESTON, August 1, 1864.

General FISK:

Bushwhackers were seen near Farley yesterday. Captain Bart thinks there is a camp of 100 near there. Nearly all the Union men living in that vicinity were robbed yesterday.

JOHN TUNISON,

138th Illinois, Commanding.

(Copy to Brigadier-General Davies, Fort Leavenworth, Kans.)

SAINT JOSEPH, August 1,1 864.

Major JOHN TUNISON, Weston:

Two hundred of the Seventeenth Illinois Cavalry will reach Weston probably to-night. Lieutenant-Colonel Hynes will be down on to-day's train to establish the garrison. "Rally round the flag."

CLINTON B. FISK,

Brigadier-General.

