
SAINT JOSEPH, August 1, 1864.

Major DAVID CRANOR,

Platte City, via Weston:

You will immediately on receipt of this telegram detach 100 men of your command under the best captain you have and order them to Parkville to establish headquarters, and aid the loyalists of that section in returning to their homes, organizing themselves into companies for defense, &amp;c. They will scout the country in that section, and remain there until otherwise ordered. They can draw supplies from Kansas City. You will retain headquarters at Platte City for the present, pushing your scouts out in every direction, and drive out, kill, and exterminate every villainous guerrilla and thief to be found. Aid the people in getting on their feet and organizing for home protection on a loyal basis. Answer by messenger.

CLINTON B. FISK,

Brigadier-General.

SAINT LOUIS, MO., August 1, 1864.

Brigadier-General DOUGLAS,

Sturgeon:

Todd, on the south side of the river, has left La Mine and moved toward Boonville. What news have you from Bill Anderson, and what facilities have you for rapid communication with Columbia and other points where you troops are operating?

W. S. ROSECRANS,

Major-General.
HDQRS. EIGHTH MIL. DIST., ENROLLED MISSOURI MILITIA,Mexico, Mo., August 1, 1864.

Brigadier General C. B. FISK,

Saint Joseph, Mo.:

GENERAL: I am still holding the post at Mexico with about twenty soldiers and a few Union citizens. We are reliable to be attacked at any time, as we are pretty much surrounded with the enemy. There has been about 100 of them north of us a few miles for several days. They have complete possession of the country. The Union men are all leaving this part of the country, and in a very short time will nearly all be gone. I am entirely powerless. Have not been able to organize a company at this place from the fact that men think more of party than they do of country. The militia of this county have all paid out or failed to enroll and have been assessed. I have been using every exertion to have Bill Anderson's gang exterminated. I have been trying to get major Bartlett's command, Third Missouri State Militia, on his track, with instructions to follow him as long as there was a man left of his gang of murderers and robbers. I would like very much to have at least one good company of soldiers here at once, but if they can be used to more advantage at other points I am willing, as I have can be used to more advantage at other points I am willing, as I have been since my arrival here, to continue to stand guard as a common solider. Colonel Draper telegraphed me that he desired to have the men that have been detached from his regiment for guards to provosts at Paris, Troy, and Columbia, relieved and have them join their regiment. I

