HEADQUARTERS POST,Lexington, Mo., July 5, 1864.

Colonel JAMES McFERRAN, Warrensburg, Mo.:

SIR: I have the honor to report that since my last report the following scouts and marches have been made by the troops under my command: On the 3rd day of July Sergt. W. A. Kinkade and eleven men returned from Jefferson City; traveled 360 miles. On the 4th day of July Corpl. D. K. Eads went to Major Neill's camp with a dispatch, with six men, and returned same day; traveled twenty-four miles. On the 5th day of July Lieutenant Groomer and twenty-five men on scout with Captain Burris, and returned same day; traveled twenty miles, and saw nothing of bushwhackers. The line is now cut east and west, and we have not sufficient men at this post to keep it up. On last Friday night the bushwhackers took the flat-boat at the ferry on the Dover road and conveyed [it] away. On yesterday they took a skiff from Wellington, and pressed a wagon and hauled it to near Sibley. There has been nothing of especial interest since my last report, except some firing into boats at Waverly, and the robbing of the stage two miles over the river, and the taking of the four stage horses. The bushwhackers are all near the river, and no scout reached their places of rendezvous of late, and the body of them seem to be below here.

I am, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

WM. KESSINGER,

First Lieutenant, Company G, First Cav. Mo. State Mil., Commanding

HOLDEN, July 5, 1864.

Captain J. H. STEGER,

Assistant Adjutant-General:

I am just starting to Blackwater, below Rock Springs, with thirty dismounted men, for three days' bushwhacking, and don't want to be gobbled up to force of Federals.

Respectfully,

M. U. FOSTER,

Captain.

WARRENSBURG, July 5, 1864.

Colonel GEORGE H. HALL, Sedalia:

Guerrillas reported at Waverly yesterday. There are indications of a movement into your district in the direction of Cooper County.

E. B. BROWN,

Brigadier-General of Volunteers, Commanding.

SAINT LOUIS, July 5, 1864.

General FISK, Saint Joseph, Mo.:

In reply to your telegram requesting to be relieved from command of your district, I am directed by the general commanding to say that it will not be for the good of the service to comply with your request. Your administration of the affairs of your district has given him much satisfaction.

O. D. GREENE,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

