
think the men at Troy and Paris might be relieved at once, and those at Columbia as soon as other troops can take their place. I am very anxious to convert as many of the companies Enrolled Missouri Militia as possible into U. S. Volunteers under General Rosecrans' recent order, and would gladly take charge of one regiment did not my private business prevent; but I will use my best exertions to get up a regiment for some other person to command. I have followed your suggestions in regard to sub-district and will divide out the balance of my district as soon as I can get proper commanders for them.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

J. B. DOUGLASS,

Brigadier-General.
HEADQUARTERS NINTH CONGRESSIONAL DISTRICT,Saint Charles, Mo., August 1, 1864.

Brigadier-General FISK:

Yours of the 27th ultimo did not reach me till to-night, the night of the day of the Boone meeting. I fear that your duties elsewhere in directing the movements of our troops against the rebel cut-throats and thieves with which the district is infested will prevent you from being present at our meeting. This I deeply regret, as well on account of the cause of your inability to attend as the fact itself. Having no convenient escort and it being rather unhealthy to travel in Boone without one, I could not myself attend the meeting, but the presence of Major Rollins, whom I saw here on his return from Washington, supersedes the necessity. I hope it will turn out well, though the reign of terror is so great in Boone I fear the result. As soon as advised I will write you again. Meantime be assured of my cordial co-operation with you in your noble efforts to overthrow this wicked rebellion and to drive from our State or exterminate the bushwhackers and murderers infesting it.

Truly,

WM. F. SWITZLER.

P. S.-Quite a serious disturbance is brewing in this county, growing out of the outrages against peaceable citizens by a force of Germans. As I understand it, the trouble is about this: One evening last week a report reached the neighborhood of O'Fallon, in this county, that Troy had been captured by 700 bushwhackers, whereupon many members of a militia company (Enrolled Missouri Militia), composed mostly of Germans, collected with the view of marching to its rescue. Excited by the report and many of them drunk, they went through the neighborhood at night, pressing horses and guns, in doing which they unfortunately abused, cursed, and exasperated several quiet citizens and families, insulted one or more ladies, used personal violence against one, hurt with a gun very badly a Union man who discredited the report and refused to go, threatened to kill several, broke open houses, shot into one several times, greatly to the danger and terror of its in-mates. Several citizens are now in this city, refugees from the neighborhood, afraid to remain at home, owing to the violence that is threatened them. This is about the affair as reported to me. I threatens to become a very serious matter if not arrested. The facts, I learn, are being collected for transmittal to you or General Douglass, asking that the guilty parties be arrested and a serious collision averted.

W. F. S.

