
SAINT JOSEPH, August 1, 1864.

Major-General CURTIS,

Fort Leavenworth:

I shall be able to garrison Weston to-morrow. I have the honor to return you my hearty thanks for the prompt and cheerful co-operation and support I have received from your command during the Paw Paw rebellion. I shall be glad to march a force into Kansas and aid you whenever a similar misfortune befalls your people.

CLINTON B. FISK,

Brigadier-General.

GENERAL ORDERS, HDQRS. DISTRICT OF SOUTH KANSAS, Numbers 19. Paola, Kans., August 1, 1864.

In consequence of recent changes in the troops and boundaries of the district, the brigade organization is discontinued and sub-divisions organized as follows, viz:

I. Sub-District Numbers 1, comprising the counties of Linn, Anderson, Coffey, Lyon Greenwood, Woodson, and Allen, and the territory embraced in this district lying south of the three last-named counties, commanded by Colonel C. R. Jennison, Fifteen Kansas Cavalry, with headquarters eighth Mound City.

II. Fort Scott, comprising the County of bourbon and the outposts on the south and east, commanded by Colonel C. W. Blair, Fourteenth Kansas Cavalry, with headquarters at Ford Scott.

III. Sub-District Numbers 3, comprising the counties of Miami, Johnson, Douglas, Shawnee, Wabaunsee, Osage, and Franklin, commanded by Colonel Thomas Moonlight, Eleventh Kansas Cavalry, with headquarters at Paola.

IV. The regimental headquarters of the Eleventh and Fifteenth Kansas Cavalry will be enlisted at the headquarters of their respective colonels, as abode designated, but the troops will remain in the sub-district where now on duty until transferred under authority from these headquarters.

V. Reports, returns, and other official communications will be made accordingly.

By command of Brigadier-General McKean:

GEO. S. HAMPTON,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

CIRCULAR.] HEADQUARTERS DISTRICT OF SOUTH KANSAS,

Paola, Kans., August 1, 1864.

The late movements of the Second Brigade demonstrate the excellent working condition of the troops despite certain embarrassments they have had to contend against. Great credit is due Colonel Moonlight, the commander, and the officers and soldiers generally for their zeal and efficiency. It is safe to assume that such troops can be depended upon under all circumstances.

By command of Brigadier-General McKean:

GEO. S. HAMPTON,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

