HEADQUARTERS DEPARTMENT OF NEW MEXICO,Santa Fe, N. Mex., August 1, 1864.

Lieutenant Colonel WILLIAM MCMULLEN,

Commanding at Fort Union, N. Mex.:

COLONEL: I understand from Colonel Perea that the Indians of the plains are very troublesome and menace the safety of trains coming to New Mexico. Send without delay Captain N. S. Davis, in command of fifty cavalry, fifty infantry, and with two mountain howitzers, with fifty days' rations, by the Cimarron route to the crossing of the Arkansas, to render such aid as in his judgment can be effected with such a force. Captain Davis has a carte blanche to manage the matter as he shall deem best, having the purpose in view for which he is sent.

I am, colonel, respectfully, &amp;c.,

JAMES H. CARLETON,

Brigadier-General, Commanding.

Apply to Captain Enos for transportation.
HDQRS. DEPARTMENT OF THE NORTHWEST,Milwaukee, Wis., August 1, 1864.

COLONEL: As the draft has been ordered for the 5th of September it becomes necessary for me to know at once whether you will need military aid in enforcing it, and if so, where and how much.

Be pleased to inform me as early as possible upon these points, stating in detail the force necessary, what danger, if any, exists in carrying out your orders, and at what points the danger is to be apprehended. As these are no troops in this department within reach of even the outer settlements of Minnesota, much less of the populated portions of that State, or of Iowa and Wisconsin, it is necessary that I should know your wants and the reasons therefor at the earliest moment. Please inform me in detail upon the points in this letter to which inquiries are directed in order that, if necessary, your statements may be forwarded to the War Department.

I am, colonel, respectfully, your obedient servant,

JNO. POPE,

Major-General, Commanding.

(Copy to Colonel C. S. Lovell, Lieutenant Colonel Thomas Duncan, and Lieutenant-Colonel Averill.)
HEADQUARTERS GARRISON FOR FORT WADSWORTH,Camp Numbers 18, on Kettle Lake, August 1, 1864.

Captain R. C. OLIN,

Assistant Adjutant-General:

SIR: I continuation of my report I have the honor to submit the following:

July 16, marched from camp Numbers 7, on Inkpah River, at 5.30 a. m. in a northwesterly direction, camping at 2 p. m. on a small lake or slough, called by some Lake Ramsey. Bad water; no woods; grass in abundance. Distance from camp Numbers 7 eleven miles.

