
July 17, left camp Numbers 8 at 3.15 a. m. Traveled in a northwesterly direction about fourteen miles, campaign on a small lake of bad water at 2 p. m. Passed some died-up lakes on the road. No wood near camping-grounds; good grazing; hot day. Four oxen died on the road from the heat.

July 18, marched from camp Numbers 9 and 7.30 a. m. in same direction as yesterday. Camped on Yellow Earth Creek at 10 a. m. Good water, wood, and grass. Distance of march four miles. Weather was too hot to render it safe to drive the cattle to the next camping-ground.

July 19, left camp Numbers 10 at 4 a. m. Marched northwest about fourteen miles, camping on a small creek at 12 m. Plenty of water and grass. Wood enough for camping purposes.

July 20, left camp Numbers 11 at 4.30 a. m. Marched northwest about ten miles to water; rested at 9 a. m. about two hours; turned out the stock to graze. Camped on Bullhead Lake at 1.30 p. m. Wood scarce; grass plenty. Distance marched this day sixteen miles.

July 21, resumed the march at 4 a. m. Traveled almost due north about twelve miles, when the road inclined to the west. Passed some small lakes. Camped at 10 a. m. near Saint Peter's River, between Big Stone Lake and Lake Traverse. Plenty of wood and grass. Distance marched to-day about sixteen miles. Gabriel Renville visited my camp and gave information with regard to the route across and to the head of the Coteau.

July 22, left camp Numbers 13, on Saint Peter's River, at 4 a. m. Marched almost due west toward the Coteau. Made crossing over a branch of Saint Peter's River about four miles from last camp. Camped on small stream at 10 a. m. on the side of the Coteau. Distance marched to-day ten miles.

July 23, left camp Numbers 14 at 4 a. m. Marched in a westerly direction over the Coteau; country very rolling; passed a number of small lakes; camped at 12 m. on a lake about four miles long and over half a mile wide, named by the Indians Enemy Sinus Lake; an abundance of fish; plenty of wood, water, and grass. Distance marched to-day twelve miles.

July 24, left camp Numbers 15 at 4 a. m. Traveled north-northwest over rolling country on the Coteau; passed a number of small lakes; road rather rocky; camped at 2 p. m. on small lake; plenty of wood and grass. Distance marched seventeen miles.

July 25, left camp Numbers 16 and 6 a. m. Marched in same direction as yesterday; camped at 9 a. m. on south side of a lake of a circular form, called by the scouts Kettle Lake.

July 26, remained in camp. Sent detachment of infantry, cavalry, and one piece of artillery to explore the country on James River from the mouth of the Elm River to the mouth of the Bone Hill River, under command of Captain L. S. Burton, Thirtieth Wisconsin Volunteers.

July 27, command remained in camp.

July 28, moved one mile to a pleasant and commanding point; staked out and went into permanent camp to await the return of detachment sent to examine the country on James River between the mouth of Elm River and Bone Hill River. Throughout my entire route from Fort Ridgely here I have been fortunate in obtaining good camps, which, by throwing up a few rifle-pits, rendered them easy to defend in the event of an attack. None of my scouts have up to this date reported the presence of any hostile Indians.

JOHN CLOWNEY,

Major Thirtieth Regiment Wisconsin Infantry, Commanding.

33 R R-VOL XLI, PT II

