HEADQUARTERS DISTRICT OF NORTH MISSOURI,Saint Joseph, Mo., July 5, 1864.

His Excellency WILLARD P. HALL,

Governor of Missouri:

DEAR SIR: I have the honor to request that an infantry force of four companies of Enrolled Missouri Militia be ordered into immediate service for duty at Saint Joseph. I desire to use this force as guards at prison, arsenal, and the depots of Government property, as well as the permanent garrison for the city, thereby relieving the mounted force I have on the same duty. I very much need the mounted troops in the field after bushwhackers.

I am, sir, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

CLINTON B. FISK,

Brigadier-General.

[Indorsement.]

JULY 5, 1864.

If General Fisk can possibly get along with less than four companies I wish he would do so, as it will be very inconvenient to the militia to be called away from their business at this time. An order will be issued to General Craig to furnish such number of companies as General Fisk thinks indispensable.

WILLARD P. HALL,

Governor of Missouri and Commander-in-Chief.
HDQRS. NINTH CAVALRY MISSOURI STATE MILITIA,Macon, July 5, 1864.

Captain G. A. HOLLOWAY,

Assistant Adjutant-General, District of North Missouri:

CAPTAIN: I have just returned from a scout through Boone, Howard, and Randolph Counties. I find that the country is full of outlaws and marauders, bent on pillage and plunder, and that their headquarters are in the Perche Hills, at Dripping Spring. From thence they go forth to steal, rob, and murder. From the best information I can get, Colonel Perkins is their leader. Some days ago he assembled 150 at Dripping Spring, called in the citizens and made them a speech; told them he was here with his men; had a right to be here;t hat he intended to stay; that his men had to eat; and that, by God, they had to feed them, &amp;c. I am satisfied they can call together in that county and vicinity now, in a day or two, from 200 to 300 men. In view of their strength, I told the citizens everywhere that they must organize under General Rosecrans' late order and defend themselves; that the military would expect their aid and full co-operation in ridding the country of these guerrillas. They favored the plan, but in Boone they seem to hesitate and say they fear the result. In Howard they will go right into it and organize this week. I shall concentrate what force I have here to spare from this post and the troops at Fayette at Surgeon so as to be able to break up any concentration of them. The way my companies are scattered now, I can accomplish nothing, and many squads are really in danger of being captured by these bushwhackers. In the winter season it was well enough, but now it will not do. It places us on the defensive, when in fact we ought to be strong enough

