
BRASHEAR, August 2, 1864.

(Received 4.20 p. m.)

Major GEORGE B. DRAKE,

Assistant Adjutant-General:

I sent a party up as far as Pattersonville to-day, nd the best information they could get was that more of the enemy's forces on the Teche had crossed the lake and gone to La Fourche.

C. L. HARRIS,

Colonel, Commanding Post.
HDQRS. MILITARY DIVISION OF WEST MISSISSIPPI,New Orleans, La., August 2, 1864.

Brigadier General GEORGE H. GORDON,

Commanding U. S. Forces at White River, or en route from there to Morganza, La.:

GENERAL: The major-general commanding directs me to inform you that the rebel force recently in front of Morganza has been withdrawn, and is now moving eastward with the ostensible purpose either of crossing the Mississippi or moving north to join Price. Should the latter be the case, you will please, if the necessity in your opinion exists, to remain at White River for the purpose of protecting General Steele's line of communication until the danger has passed, or at least until General Washburn has relieved you by a sufficient force. Should it be the intention of the enemy to cross the Mississippi you will please to use the force under your command, while en route to Morganza, to the best possible advantage, wherever the opportunity should present itself. If may be desirable for you in that case to act in conjunction with General Slocum, commanding District of Vicksburg, but at this distance from the scene of operations no definite instructions can be given you, and the commanding general feels confident that your own discretion and sound judgment will produce the desired results. Whenever you can afford the navy effective assistance in its operations against these movements of the enemy you will be pleased to do so.

I have the honor to be, sir, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

C. T. CHRISTENSEN,

Major and Assistant Adjutant-General.

DEVALL'S BLUFF, August 2, 1864.

Major-General STEELE,

Little Rock:

On Friday last a rebel soldier told a citizen living ten miles from here that Shelby was going to move down on the east side of White River and that McCray was coming down by Searcy. The rebels are getting rather thick in the neighborhood of Searcy. Expect my scout to Augusta to return this evening. Can march 1,200 cavalry strong from here at an hour's notice, taking all effective here.

C. C. ANDREWS,

Brigadier-General, Commanding.

