
directed to send out at once a scouting party of fifty men under command of a reliable officer acquainted with that portion of the country; which party shall go to the vicinity of Austin and make report either here or at Brownsville, as early as possible, of whatever force of the enemy may be thereabout. A similar scout will go up from Devall's Bluff to the vicinity of Hickory Plains. If you have already sent out the part of 300 men, you will send orders to its commander to detach the scouting party of fifty men from his command for the purpose instructed.

I am, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

JAMES F. DWIGHT,

Major and Chief of Staff.
HEADQUARTERS NINTH KANSAS VOLUNTEER CAVALRY,Camp near Little Rock, August 2, 1864.

[Major JAMES F. DWIGHT,

Chief of Staff:]

MAJOR: Your of this evening in relation to a large body of rebels being near Austin is received. I started Major Thacher with 290 men toward Austin at 7 p. m. this day, with instructions t go as far as Bayou Metoe, and send thirty men forward to Austin to-night and learn the facts in regard to the rumors and report at once; and if the rumors were groundless to turn to the right and carry out the instructions previously received from headquarters District of Little Rock, in regard to scouting the country east of Bayou Metoe and the lakes. If the reports are true I will re-enforce the part sent to Austin without delay, sending you the first information I can obtain.

I have the honor to be, major, your obedient servant,

E. LYNDE,

Colonel, Commanding.
HEADQUARTERS DISTRICT OF LITTLE ROCK,Little Rock, Ark., August 2, 1864.

Colonel E. LYNDE,

Commanding Ninth Kansas Cavalry;

COLONEL: Acknowledging receipt of your communication of this date concerning body of rebels reported near Austin, I am directed by the general commanding to instruct you to send the force now in readiness against the enemy reported by you, if in your opinion the information is reliable. If not considered reliable you will retain the force and send out small scout to ascertain the truth of the report.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

JAMES F. DWIGHT,

Major and Chief of Staff.
HDQRS. MILITARY DIVISION OF WEST MISSISSIPPI,New Orleans, La., August 2, 1864.

Major General H. W. SLOCUM,

Commanding District of Vicksburg, Vicksburg, Miss.:

GENERAL: I am instructed by the major-general commanding to inform you that the rebel force recently in front of Morganza, La., has been withdrawn and is now moving eastward, either with a view of joining

