
mill, the horse stabling, and workshops are on the line, which might be readily fired by an enemy. The approaches to this flank are easily made under cover of the river bank and completely out of range of the guns either in the bastions of the northeastern or southwestern angles of the work. These would be the lines of approach chosen by an Indian foe, and if supported by a wel-directed fire from under cover of the stumps and logs on the opposite bank of the river, would be by a numerous foe successful, or at least cost the garrison much blood to defend it. Moreover, an attack upon this flank of the fort would, in its present condition, involve the loss of the horses and commissary supplies of the post, as both would be readily destroyed by fire. True, no apprehensions need be apprehended of an immediate attack upon this post, yet a proper regard for the interests of the service, the safety of the public property stored here, and the security of the garrison demands that the fort should be put at once in the best possible posture of defense. This work will be done as soon as circumstances will permit.

Second. The wants of the post: The present storage room is altogether inadequate to the wants of the post. Thousands of dollars' worth of public property is going to waste for the lack of some place to store it in. This is particularly true in relation to grain, stoves and pipe, tools, wagons, and other quartermaster's stores. A building for a warehouse sufficient to meet the wants of the post can be constructed with little or no expense to the Government beyond the purchase of nails, door-locks, hinges, window-glass, &amp;c. Shingles can be cut at the mill from logs already in the yard, and all the other lumber required can be sawed by the mill. Logs for the body of the building can be procured without other expense than hauling them within three miles of the fort. A guard-house is indispensable and must be erected at once. here is a quantity of squared timber, that can be purchased cheap, owned by the battalion sutler, and sufficient nails and shingles are now on hand to complete the building. This building will be erected immediately, as it indispensable to he interests of the service. There are still other improvements which are required for the health and efficiency of the command, but as an inspecting officer will shortly visit this post I will leave unmentioned in this communication.

All of which is respectfully submitted.

I am, captain, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

C. POWELL ADAMS,

Major, Commanding Post.
HEADQUARTERS,Fort Abercrombie, August 2, 1864.

Captain R. C. OLIN,

Assistant Adjutant-General, District of Minnesota:

CAPTAIN: Having been informed yesterday by a half-breed, one of Brown's scouts last winter, that he had me three Indians a few days ago on the prairie between the Cheyenne and James Rivers while he was out buffalo hunting, I this morning dispatched Quinn and Demarrar, the two scouts at this post, to White Bear Lodge, on the Cheyenne, to ascertain whether there was any considerable body of the Sioux there or not. I thought that the presence of the Indian killed by Captain Donaldson's men at Georgetown a few days ago might possibly be connected with the appearance of Indians on the waters of the Cheyenne,

