
doubt of the truth of it, but that he can succeed in inducing any very great portion of the Chippewa Nation to join him in making war upon the whites I very much doubt, though I am not well enough acquainted with the various tribes to judge properly.

I am, very respectfully, sir, your obedient servant,

MILES HOLLISTER,

First Lieutenant Co. B, Eighth Minnesota Vols., Commanding Post.
SPECIAL ORDERS, WAR DEPT. ADJT. GENERAL'S OFFICE, Numbers 258. Washington, August 3, 1864.

* * * *

18. Bvt. Brigadier General Joseph Bailey, colonel Fourth Wisconsin Volunteer Cavalry, commanding Engineer Brigade in the Department of the Gulf, is assigned to duty according to his brevet rank.

* * * *

By order of the Secretary of War:

E. D. TOWNSEND,Assistant Adjutant-General.
HEADQUARTERS U. S. FORCES,

Brazos Santiago, Tex., August 3, 1864.

Major WILLIAM H. CLARK,

Chief of Staff for General Herron:

MAJOR: Although I am instructed to report to General Banks, still thinking that you would like to be informed concerning affairs at this place, I have the honor to make the following report:

I have made disposition of the troops under my command in accordance with the instructions received by me from General Herron, and am convinced that it is the best that can be made. I received a letter from Mr. Pierce, consul at Matamoras, dated August 2, to the following effect: The day after our forces left Brownsville, a number of men crossed the river from Matamoras and formed themselves into a company for the protection of the town. There were at the time of writing about 600 of the enemy in Brownsville and vicinity, and as many more expected daily. The letter also stated that a man, whom he supposed to be Michael Dolan, one of General Herron's servants, was captured while attempting to cross the river and probably hanged. It is my painful duty to inform you that no dependence can be placed upon the detachment of the First Texas Cavalry left with my command. They desert at every opportunity. No less than nine deserted yesterday, taking with them their horses, arms, and accouterments. Three more deserted last night from a picket-post. Major Noyes informs me that among these men were some whom he considered the most reliable of the detachment, and that he was unable to send after and arrest them, as he dare not trust the First Texas, and New York cavalry* were unacquainted with the roads. I have sent a request to General Banks to have the New York cavalry remain here as long as possible, and would feel greatly obliged if General Herron would use his influence toward having the request granted.

I am, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

H. M. DAY,

Colonel, Commanding U. S. Forces, Brazos Santiago.

---------------

*Detachment of the Eighteenth.

---------------

