
nor will any person, not connected with the army, nd necessary to its service, be allowed to accompany any military force moving by land or by water.

IX. The transportation of the army, connected with such expeditions, will not be used for the transfer of any of the products of insurrectionary districts on private account, and any such property found on any vessel, vehicle, or other means of public transportation will be seized, and, except as provided in the third section of the order of the War Department of March 31, 1864, turned over to the agents of the Treasury Department, to be disposed of in accordance with the law. Officers and soldiers of the army are prohibited by law from buying, selling, trading, or in any way dealing in the products of insurrectionary districts, or in seized, captured, or abandoned property, and this prohibition is extended to all persons serving or connected, directly or indirectly, with the army within the limits of this command.

X. Seized, captured, or abandoned property, that may come into the possession of the army, with the exception made in the proviso of the first section of the act of Congress approved March 12, 1863, must at once be turned over to the agents of the Treasury Department. With questions of title, remission of penalties, forfeitures, &amp;c., officers of the army have nothing to do, and all reclamations of that character must be addressed to the Treasury agents for the action of the head of that Department.

XI. Plantation and family supplies, except in special cases, with be landed at points on the river where they will be under the supervision and protection of troops or of gun-boats. In the special cases above referred to the permit must be approved by the military commander of the district in which they are to be used, and that approval will not be given unless he is satisfied that the supplies are to be used in good faith at points within our lines, and that the vessels nd supplies will not be exposed to the danger of capture by the rebels.

The attention of all officers is specially called to the orders of the War Department of March 31, 1863 (General Orders, Numbers 88), and to the following additional regulation of trade:

TREASURY DEPARTMENT,

April 13, 1864.

LVIII. In accordance with the recommendation of the lieutenant-general, transmitted to this Department by the Secretary of War, under date of the 6th instant, "All trade in arms and munitions of war in Kentucky and on the Mississippi River below Cairo," is hereby prohibited; and all officers of the Treasury Department are enjoined to aid in carrying this order into effect.

S. P. CHASE,

Secretary of the Treasury.

By order of Major General E. R. S. Canby:

C. T. CHRISTENSEN,

Major and Assistant Adjutant-General.

SPECIAL ORDERS, HDQRS. MIL. DIV. OF WEST MISSISSIPPI, Numbers 86. New Orleans, La., August 3, 1864.

* * * *

III. Under the authority of instructions from the headquarters of the Army the Mississippi Marine Brigade, as a separate organization, will be discontinued. The enlisted men, whose unexpired term of service will justify it, will be sent back, under suitable conduct, to the regiments from which they were transferred, and those who have but a

