
short period to serve will be assigned to garrison duty at Vicksburg, and will be attached for the remainder of their term of service to regiments or batteries serving at that place. The officers appointed for this brigade will e mustered out of service as soon as the duties connected with the transfer of the men and property under their charge are completed. Brigadier General A. W. Ellet, after completing the transfer of the men and property under his charge, will proceed to Washington City, and report in person to the Secretary of War. The vessels of the Marine Brigade will be turned over to the quartermaster's department, and will be assigned, under the direction of the chief quartermaster of the division, as a part of the reserve transportation required by General Orders, Numbers 4, current series, from these headquarters. Officers of the general staff on duty with the brigade will report by letter to the chiefs of their staff departments at division headquarters, for assignment to duty or for orders. The major-general commanding the District of Vicksburg is charged with the execution of this order and will cause the transfer of the men to be made with the greatest care and the military history of each man to be noted ont he muster-rolls.

IV. Brigadier General J. McNeil, U. S. Volunteers, is hereby relieved from the command of the U. S. forces at Port Hudson, and will report without delay to Major General W. S. Rosecrans, commanding Department of the Missouri, for assignment to duty.

By order of Major General E. R. S. Canby:

C. T. CHRISTENSEN,

Major and Assistant Adjutant-general.
SPECIAL ORDERS, HDQRS. DEPARTMENT OF THE GULF, Numbers 206. New Orleans, August 3, 1864.

* * * *

X. Owing to their reduced strength the following changes will e made in the batteries of light artillery hereinafter mentioned: The officers and enlisted men of the Second Ohio Battery will be temporarily assigned to the Sixteenth Ohio Battery. The officers and enlisted men of Battery E, Second Illinois Light Artillery, will be temporarily assigned to Battery A of the regiment. The officers and enlisted men of Battery F, First Missouri Light Artillery, will be temporarily assigned to Battery A of the same regiment. Brigadier General Richard Arnold, chief of artillery, Department of the Gulf, is charged with the execution of this order as well as the designation of the time when it shall go into effect.

* * * *

By command of Major-General Banks:

C. S. SARGENT,Acting Assistant Adjutant-General.

THIBODEAUX, August 3, 1864-9 a. m.

(Received 9.30 a. m.)

Major GEORGE B. DRAKE,

Assistant Adjutant-General:

Colonel Jones, of the Ninety-third U. S. Colored Infantry, thinks the rebels crossed the lake from Franklin about three days ago. All quiet.

R. A. CAMERON,

Brigadier-General of Volunteers, Commanding District.

