HEADQUARTERS U. S. COLORED TROOPS,Morganza, La., August 3, 1864.

Captain WILSON,

Assistant Adjutant-General:

SIR: I have the honor to report the arrival at this post of the following-named regiments of U. S. colored infantry: Seventy-ninth Regiment U. S. Colored Infantry, for duty, aggregate 117; present and absent, aggregate 195. Eighty-fourth Regiment U. S. Colored Infantry, for duty, aggregate 283; present and absent, aggregate 474. Ninety-second Regiment U. S. Colored Infantry, for duty, aggregate 278; present and absent, aggregate ---.

I have the honor to be, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

DANIEL ULLMANN,

Brigadier-General of Volunteers, Commanding.

LITTLE ROCK, August 3, 1864.

Brigadier General C. C. ANDREWS,

Commanding:

GENERAL: The report from your reconnaissance to Augusta coincides with that of General Buford and of a Union woman living near Cache River. The latter assured me that Shelby crossed Cache on Friday. A soldier of the First Iowa Cavalry reported yesterday that he saw about 3,000 rebels and three pieces of artillery, said to be McCray's command, on the other side of Hickory Plains, marching, as they said, to Devall's Bluff. This was on Sunday afternoon. McCray is probably near Searcy with considerable force for the purpose of preventing us from following Shelby. Report of spy from Princeton is that Price is going to invest Pine Bluff and his depot at Princeton was established with that view. I will certainly write you to-day.

F. STEELE,

Major-General.
HEADQUARTERS DEPARTMENT OF ARKANSAS, &amp;C.,Little Rock, Ark., August 3, 1864.

Brigadier General C. C. ANDREWS:

DEAR GENERAL: I am much obliged to you for the letters,a nd hope you will continue to post me in regard to the movements of the enemy and make any suggestions which may occur to you. The line to Pine Bluff has been interrupted for several days, but is working this evening. Our scouts from Princeton report that Price is going to attack at that post and that Shelby has been ordered to return immediately to take part in the affair. A battalion was sent up about Dardanelle to assist him in getting across the Arkansas. McCray is to remain where he now is-i. e., no particular place-to operate on the railroad, &c. they have a depot at princeton whence they expect to draw their supplies during the siege of Pine bluff. Clayton expresses no apprehensions in regard to his situation. He has good bridge across the Arkansas and is pretty well supplied. A steamer from here arrived there to-day loaded with forage and subsistence stores. I think he could hold out longer than the rebel seven if he should receive no assistance. General Canby has ordered Washburn to send troops from Memphis to relieve

