
and supplies. I think I am prepared for them. You can feel easy about us. I have felt compelled to withdraw the troops from Clarksville for the present, and to retain the Eleventh U. S. Colored Regiment here for awhile longer. What news of the enemy in your region? The Alamo can still run to this place or nearly so, and should bring forage.

Very respectfully,

JOHN M. THAYER,

Brigadier-General, Commanding.

P. S.-All quiet at Gibson. Atlanta is ours.

J. M. T.

SAINT LOUIS, MO., August 3, 1864.

Governor YATES,

Springfield, Ill.:

I have authority to call out and arm such number of volunteers and for such length of time as I may deem expedient in my department. They are exempted from draft, count on the quota, and if for twelve mouths will get $100 bounty. Alton is in my department. May we try it there, and will you commission men on my recommendation?

W. S. ROSECRANS,

Major-General.

OFFICE NORTH MISSOURI RAILROAD COMPANY,

Saint Louis, August 3, 1864.

Colonel O. D. GREENE:

DEAR SIR: I returned yesterday and found the inclosed from General Gray. I am reluctantly constrained to think that General Gray will hardly get troops at Perruque or at Mexico until after the bridges are destroyed, and I would prefer that you alone should see that they are place there. It may be that if none were placed at either place the bridges would stand; but with all the warnings I have I would be derelict in my duty to the Government and this company if I failed to do all in my power to get troops until the excitement and trouble is passed. We have a director of our road in Saint Charles County, one in Warren, one in Montgomery, one in Audrain, one in Boone, and one in Randolph, and all warn me that there is danger and that the bridges should be guarded. If no trouble comes so much the better for all; but if it did come and the bridges were lost we would all feel badly that the protection had not been given.

Yours, with sincere respect,

ISAAC H. STURGEON,

President and Superintendent.

[Inclosure.]
HDQRS. STATE OF MISSOURI, ADJUTANT-GENERAL'S OFFICE,Saint Louis, Mo., July 20, 1864.

ISAAC H. STURGEON, Esq.,

President of North Missouri Railroad:

SIR: Your letter of to-day regarding the furnishing of a guard for Perruque bridge is received. The suggestion that the company procure some men temporarily until a militia force could be called out

