
all that can be done to guard the settlements. I telegraphed Colonel Chivington, on the report of your first dispatch concerning the murder of families near Denver, to immediately send force in pursuit, which you are aware was immediately done. I have not yet had full reports but have followed up that dispatch with similar instructions. I assure you, Governor, that I shall do all in my power to aid in suppressing Indian hostilities.

I remain, very truly, your obedient servant,

S. R. CURTIS,

Major-General.
HEADQUARTERS DEPARTMENT OF KANSAS,Fort Leavenworth, July 5, 1864.

Brigadier General THOMAS J. McKEAN,

Paola, Kans.:

DEAR GENERAL: I will be glad to see you, and if necessary allow you as you request a short leave of absence. But I hope it will be short these lively times. Of course, all of us would prefer to be at the front, but we have to work where duty and our superiors assign us. I am anxious to accommodate you as far as I can, but the good of the service seems to require your diligent exercise of your official duties, and I hope your health will continue to enable you so to do. The post you occupy is not easily filled. All my generals are not equally suited to their positions; hence it is not easy to relieve you, especially in the midst of our season of danger and difficulty.

I remain, general, yours, very truly,

S. R. CURTIS,

Major-General.
SPECIAL ORDERS, HDQRS. DISTRICT OF NORTH KANSAS, Numbers 55. Fort Leavenworth, July 5, 1864.

I. By direction of the major-general commanding Department of Kansas, Major R. H. Hunt will take Company G, Eleventh Kansas Volunteer Cavalry, and one mountain howitzer, and proceed to Leavenworth city and hold themselves in readiness to re-enforce the Railroad Committee in case of necessity. If nothing occurs before sundown he will return to garrison; if otherwise, proceed into Missouri and assist.

II. Until further orders the troops at Saline will constitute a special outpost, and will report to these headquarters direct. The commanding officer will report the position of his troops in the vicinity as on detached service.

* * * * *

By order of Brigadier General T. A. Davies:

D. J. CRAIGIE,Lieutenant and Acting Assistant Adjutant-General.
HEADQUARTERS DISTRICT OF COLORADO,

Denver, July 5, 1864.

Major C. S. CHARLOT,

Assistant Adjutant-General, Department of Kansas:

MAJOR: I have the honor to report for the information of the major-general commanding the department that I have just returned from

