
and put upon it was made both by General Rosecrans and Governor Hall. If Colonel Krekel (whose opinion you quote in your communication) had done perhaps as much as he could have done in encouraging the formation and organization of the Enrolled Missouri Militia of Saint Charles County during the present year I am inclined to the opinion that there would be much less trouble now in procuring the necessary force from it than is now experienced.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

JOHN B. GRAY,

Adjutant-General of Missouri.
SPECIAL ORDERS, HDQRS. DISTRICT OF CENTRAL MISSOURI, Numbers 164. Warrensburg, Mo., August 3, 1864.

* * * *

II. Colonel John F. Philips, commanding Seventh Cavalry Missouri State Militia, is hereby assigned to the command of the post at Warrensburg, Mo., and of all troops in the immediate vicinity thereof.

* * * *

By order of Major-General Pleasonton:

J. H. STEGER,Assistant Adjutant-General.

JEFFERSON CITY, August 3, 1864.

Captain JAMES H. STEGER,

Assistant Adjutant-General:

Last night fifteen guerrillas reported at Buffington, ten miles above here, on north side river. Three negroes reported killed and several dwellings robbed. I sent a company of infantry up river on steam tug as far as Claysville to get the facts in the case.

JNO. S. WOLFE,

Colonel, Commanding.
HEADQUARTERS DISTRICT OF CENTRAL MISSOURI,Warrensburg, Mo., August 3, 1864.

Major GEORGE W. KELLY,

Fourth Cavalry Missouri State Militia:

MAJOR: The major-general commanding directs that on arriving at Chapel Hill you will endeavor by constantly moving patrols to prevent bands of guerrillas from passing north and south along Crawford's Creek, via Lone Jack and Rose Hill, and, in connection with the commanding officers at Holden and Pleasant Hill, will so arrange as to convey to those headquarters the earliest information of the movements of guerrillas in that section. It is hoped that proper vigilance on the part of yourself and the officers named will effectually close this favorite route of guerrillas.

I am, major, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

J. H. STEGER,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

