
GLASGOW, MO., August 3, 1864.

Major-General PLEASONTON:

I have just arrived from Lexington. The country along the south side of the river is swarming with guerrillas. They were t Miami, Cambridge, and Arrow Rock in small parties yesterday. They fired at some militia opposite Miami yesterday without doing any harm. To-day a body of rebels marched past Plains City, in Saline County, in a westerly direction. The rebels on the north side are very active. All seem to be making toward Crooked River. They have killed a great many men within the last few days. A squadron of cavalry thrown at Frankfort could do very valuable service watching rebel movements in Saline. This town is entirely loyal, and the only one so in Saline. I leave for up the river at daylight.

HENRY SUESS,

Commanding Fanny Ogden.
SPECIAL ORDERS, HDQRS. DIST. OF SOUTHWEST MISSOURI, Numbers 207. Springfield, Mo., August 3, 1864.

* * * *

2. The commanding officer of Company L, Second Arkansas Cavalry Volunteers, will immediately proceed with his company and camp and garrison equipage from Cassville to Springfield, Mo., and report to the commanding officer of his regiment.

* * * *

4. Captain J. H. Sallee, commanding Company B, Sixth Provisional Enrolled Missouri Militia Cavalry, is hereby assigned to duty in the field in Douglas and Ozark Counties, Mo. He will keep his troops moving through those counties, and will pursue and destroy or drive out all guerrillas infesting those counties, and will scout as far south of those counties as he shall deem necessary in operating against the enemy.

* * * *

By order of Brigadier-General Sanborn:

W. D. HUBBARD,First Lieutenant and Acting Assistant Adjutant-General.

SAINT JOSEPH, MO., August 3, 1864.

Major-General ROSECRANS:

Your telegram, with instructions as to the new regiments, is received. I shall try to make them all twelve-month's regiments. The two Saint Joseph regiments, under Colonels Harding, Forty-third, and Bradshaw, Forty-fourth, are well at work. I have not heard from Eberman or Kutzner. Will publish posters as directed forthwith. I would recommend the additional regiment in Pike and adjoining counties, and will thank you for an early conclusion on that point in order that I may nominate the officers for the same and block out the work. Can you not authorize one cavalry regiment?

C. B. FISK,

Brigadier-General.

