
of the persons killed were notorious traitors, who have encouraged Thornton in his wicked conspiracy and sent their own sons with him. They have caused the death of their loyal neighbors and winked at the destruction of their property. they sowed the wind; a harvest of whirlwind has been the result. When loyal men were being murdered by scores and their dwellings given to the flames by the fiends you were not visited by the class who now besiege your headquarters with false charges against the true and loyal men, who, by their prompt and generous response to my call, saved Saint Joseph, Chillicothe, and the Hannibal and Saint Joseph Railroad from plunder and destruction. The Colorado and Kansas troops did commit many outrages, and a prompt and thorough investigation of the Colorado Horse Association should be speedily made. All the horses pressed by the militia have been and are being returned to the proper owners. All will be. If I find one of the militia guilty of wrong he shall be punished, no matter what his position in life. The best men of the State were in charge of the volunteers,a nd they came back with praise on their tongues of the conduct of their commands. I will thank you, general, to ask each accuser to put his complaint in writing and let them be sent to me. I have formed the county committees of safety chosen under General orders, Numbers 107, into courts of investigation and I require them to convene and investigate such complaints. The county guards,w hen on duty, make arrests on the order of this committee. The plan is working admirably. The committee in Andrew County have by this means restored perfect order and quiet and matters are assuming a much better shape in all Northwest Missouri.

CLINTON B. FISK,

Brigadier-General.

SAINT JOSEPH, MO., August 3, 1864.

Colonel O. D. GREENE,

Assistant Adjutant-General:

My troops crowded a guerrilla band of nearly 200 to the Missouri River, near Missouri City, yesterday, and most of them crossed to the south side. We have just captured a gang of 20, who had crossed the river at Atchison. We now have them in custody.

CLINTON B. FISK,

Brigadier-General.

[Indorsement.]

They should be tried and shot.

W. S. R.

HANNIBAL, MO., August 3, 1864.

Brigadier General C. B. FISK,

Saint Joseph:

GENERAL: Part of Meredith's men were here last night. He reports only small gangs of bushwhackers in our county, but these have had no opposition and have driven out or to the bush all the Union men. One good man in Warren who had a child die did not dare to attend the funeral. Captain M[eredith] chased some of these men, but could not get men enough to be effective. Under my direction the arms in the county are changing from the disloyal to the loyal. I think the gentlemen

