
of the brush have been "mustered out of service." They are caught only under the guise of bushwhackers. Captain Meredith went out last night to get into the hills near Florida in the western part of Ralls and border of Monroe before light this morning. He will keep a squad out as bushwhackers, heavily and properly armed, while he will lay in the bush with the rest of his men and be governed by what he learns. I think he will accomplish something, for all his men are in earnest.

I am, general, your obedient servant,

J. T. K. HAYWARD,

Colonel, Commanding.

SAINT LOUIS, MO., August 3, 1864.

Brigadier-General DOUGLASS,

Mexico, Mo.:

The general commanding is reliably informed there will be a meeting of men under Davis, Majors, and a colonel from Boone County (name forgotten), to-morrow night at Middle Grove, in Monroe County, and thinks the forces at Mexico, Macon, and Huntsville may be sent in time to intercept them.

J. P. DROUILLARD,

Captain and Aide-de-Camp.

SAINT LOUIS, MO., August 3, 1864.

General DOUGLASS,

Mexico, Mo.:

The general has received information since Captain Drouillard dispatched you that Bill Anderson and Perkins will be at Middle Grove to-morrow night. Can't your troops attend to the matter? The general desires me to add that he is informed our troops move on the high-roads, encumbered with wagons and all sorts of impediments, when in pursuit of guerrillas. This is no way to catch men like Anderson and Perkins. Cannot secrecy and celerity be combined and our men pounce on Middle Grove to-morrow night with a suddenness which will insure success?

O. D. GREENE,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

MEXICO, MO., August 3, 1864.

Major O. D. GREENE,

Assistant Adjutant-General:

I have telegraphed Lieutenant-Colonel Draper, at Macon City, to take charge of such troops as he can get on the road from Macon to Sturgeon and capture Perkins &amp; Co. to-morrow night. I have not heard from the First Iowa Cavalry yet. Don't know where they are. Have but twenty men at my headquarters and have to stand guard myself. Major Bartlett is somewhere between Sturgeon and Missouri River after guerrillas. Has no transportation with him.

J. B. DOUGLASS,

Brigadier-General.

