
SAINT JOSEPH, August 3, 1864.

Lieutenant Colonel A. J. SWAIN,

Chillicothe, Mo.:

Captain Ballinger will turn over to you his arms and other Government property and be relieved from active service. You will communicate to him and his faithful neighbors the gratitude of myself, the State, and the country for their praiseworthy response to the call of danger; and notwithstanding they have not met and whipped the bushwhackers, yet their presence in the field after them has contributed much toward driving out the disturbers of our peace. Nearly 200 got across the Missouri River near Independence last night. We have killed nearly 200 of the villains since July 8. Have captured nearly 100, and they are now giving themselves up by scores. One entire company of the defeated Paw Paws were brought in on the Weston train to-night. They concluded they had had enough of the Thornton conspiracy, and all they now ask is to be permitted to live.

CLINTON B. FISK,

Brigadier-General.

SPECIAL HDQRS. DEPARTMENT OF KANSAS, FIELD ORDERS, In the Field, Cow Creek Station, Numbers 4. August 3, 1864.

I. The troops belonging to the Fifteenth Regiment Kansas State Militia will resume their position under Colonel Price, who will march them to Fort Riley by the nearest and best route, scouting the country as he proceeds.

II. The troops belonging to the Fourteenth Regiment Kansas State Militia, under Colonel Scott, will proceed to the same place, following the Council Grove road beyond Cottonwood Springs.

III. Captain Both will leave Lieutenant Ellsworth at Fort Ellsworth, Smoky Hill Crossing, with Company H, Seventh Iowa Cavalry, and proceed with his own company to Salina, where he will establish his headquarters.

IV. Captain Jacobs,with the Colorado troops, will proceed to Fort Zarah and assume command of that post, reporting to Captain Backus at Fort Larned, and to district and department headquarters, as designated in General Field Orders, Numbers 2.

S. R. CURTIS,

Major-General.
HDQRS. FIRST SUB-DISTRICT OF SOUTH KANSAS,Mound City, August 3, 1864.

Captain GEORGE S. HAMPTON,

Assistant Adjutant-General:

SIR: I have the honor to acknowledge the receipt of a copy of General Orders, District of South Kansas, from 1 to 19. There are no troops at this place except one company of State militia, which does not afford much safety to the place. The sooner a company arrives here the better.

I am, sir, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

C. R. JENNISON,

Colonel Fifteenth Kansas Volunteer Cavalry, Commanding

35 R R-VOL XLI, PT II

