
Sioux and Chippewa Agency, July 18, which stated that they were friendly Sioux from said agency, who were permitted to go out hunting, and would return in a few days. They had but one pony, and were very poor. They had killed six buffalo the day previous. We camped near them. As we approached the river to-day its banks appeared to be lined with heavy and thick timber. We found, however, on arrival nothing but willows with a few scattering elms. The water in the river here is very poor, being all contained in a few ponds. In some places the river is completely dry. The grazing is good. 28th, broke camp at 4 a. m. and proceeded up the river. Five miles from camp passed Elm River, which comes in front the west. Marched to-day fifteen miles and went into camp on Lake Tchauchicahah. This lake is merely a widening of the James river; is about seven miles long, and in the widest spot about a mile wide. The grass to-day has been as high as the horses' backs a great deal of the way, and has rendered the march exceedingly tedious both to the men and the animals. From our yesterday's camp to Elm River was the same heavy growth of willows on the west bank, but after passing Elm River not a tree was seen. The water in the river has been better to-day, although poor. The water in the lake does not exceed two feet in depth in any place. 29th, broke camp at 4 a. m., marched up the river twenty-one miles and camped. Were delayed in the march somewhat by the same high grass. Not the least sign of timber to-day. Water is good, but no perceptible current. Grazing at our camping-spot not very good. 30th, having now been out four days, and having but three days' rations left (seven days' rations for the round trip was considered ample by the officer sending out the expedition), I was satisfied that it would be impracticable to move the infantry farther up the river, for, from the best information I could obtain, it would be at least one long day's march to Bone Hill River, and it was quite probable that the march could to be made in one day. I consequently took with me forty cavalry, under Lieutenant Gardner, and Mr. Bottineau, with eight scouts; forded the river at the camp at 4 a. m. and took a straight line for a point on the river point Grizzly Bear Creek and Bone Hill River. From this point we could see Grizzly Bear Creek and the river all the way to it. From this point we followed the river up to a point from which Mr. Bottineau assured me we could see within three miles of Bone Hill River. We then struck the river about six miles below Grizzly Bear Creek and followed it down to our last night's camp. Before leaving camp in the morning I had instructed Lieutenant Western to move the camp back a few miles to better water and grass. We found them ten miles down the rive. We reached camp at 6 p. m., having traveled sixty miles in fourteen hours in one of the hottest days of the season. No trees of any kind on the portion of the river seen to-day. The water was generally good. This river seems to be an exception to the general rule; the nearer it source the deeper is the water. 31st, broke camp at 6 a. m. and took a southeasterly course of the Coteau. Mr. Bottineau took us in a direct line to a small stream of good water at the foot of the Coteau. Arrived here at 4 p. m, having marched thirty miles. Camped here. No was on the route to-day. Some goods spots of grass on the low spots of ground in the prairie.

August 1, broke camp at 4 p. m., after marching twelve miles reached the camp on Kettle Lake.

If there is any timber of any sort on James River between elm River and Bone Hill River it is either between the latter point and a point three miles south of it or between Grizzly Bear Creek and a point six

