
miles south of it, which is hardly possible. I regret exceedingly that I could not have carried out my instructions fully, and have seen the two portions of the river which I have mentioned as not seen, not that I think there is a probability of any timber being there, but no enable me to make a more satisfactory report. Had I marched the infantry to Bone Hill River we could not have been out less than nine days, and its quite probable that we would have been out ten days. This would be rather long on seven days' rations.

It gives me pleasure to state that every officer and soldier on the expedition was ready at all times to perform any duty required of them. Mr. bottineau, our guide, rendered incalculable service, seldom failing to guide us in the most direct line to the desired point. The distances given in this report will, of course, not be considered as accurate, being estimated. They are, however, in my opinion, accurate enough for the purpose required.

I am, sir, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

L. S. BURTON,

Captain Thirtieth Wisconsin Volunteers, Commanding Expedition.

[Inclosure Numbers 2.]
SPECIAL ORDERS, HD'S GARRISON FOR FORT WADSWORTH, Numbers 17, Camp on Kettle Lake, Dak. Ter., Numbers 16. July 25, 1864.

Lieutenant H. H. Western and ten men of the Third Minnesota Battery, with one mountain howitzer, Lieutenant P. S. Gardner and sixty men of Company M of Second Minnesota Cavalry, Lieutenant John T. Jones, Lieutenant Samuel Cassimer and seventy-five men of detachment of Thirtieth Wisconsin Volunteer Infantry, Pierre bottineau and nine scouts, the whole under command of Captain Lewis S. Burton, Thirtieth Wisconsin Volunteer Infantry, are hereby designated as a force to explore the county on James River, and will commence the march in that direction on the 26th day of July, 1864. Captain Jonathan E. McKusick, assistant quartermaster, will furnish the necessary transportation to carry out this order.

By order of Major John Clowney:

THOMAS PRIESTLEY,Lieutenant and Acting Adjutant.

[Inclosure Numbers 3.]
HEADQUARTERS GARRISON FOR FORT WADSWORTH,Camp Numbers 17, on Kettle Lake, Dak., Ter., July 25, 1864.

Captain LEWIS S. BURTON,

Thirtieth Wisconsin Infantry Volunteers:

SIR: Major John Clowney has selected you to examine the country along the James River between the mouth of Elm River and the mouth of Bone Hill River, to ascertain whether timber of sufficient amount and proper quality for the use of a military post can be found between those points. You will accordingly proceed,with the force designated in Special Orders, Numbers 16, from these headquarters, to the country above mentioned, and, having made the necessary examination, will report, with your command, to these headquarters without delay.

By order of Major John Clowney:

I am, captain, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

THOMAS PRIESTLEY,

Lieutenant and Acting Adjutant.

