
Fort Lyon, Colo. Ter. There are now at that post, and on the road between there and Fort Larned, nine companies of my regiment. I have a camp seventy miles down the Arkansas River from Lyon, and have troops almost constantly on the road below that to within thirty or forty miles of Larned. I have had the country scouted for a distance of 300 miles south of the river, and there are no Texans or other rebel forces there. The band who attacked and robbed that Mexican train I am satisfied were from New Mexico or Arizona, and knew all about the parties owning it, and its unprotected condition. At any rate, they fled in the direction of New Mexico. The Cheyennes and Kiowas are stealing and robbing. Have attacked the coach twice recently forty or fifty mules above Larned. They are now principally south of the Arkansas River. I would have routed them from there before this, but could not cross the river, there being no ferry ont he river, and it being out of its banks for weeks past. Have a boat at Lyon, which will be running in a few days. Will then cross troops and subsistence to south side and make them suffer for their temerity. Their policy seems to be to keep their families and stock on the Cimarron and other tributaries of the Arkansas, south side, and send out parties to kill and steal on Smoky Hill, Republican, and Platte. My judgment is that the only way to conquer a peace is to follow them to their settlements and there chastise them. I have kept two companies up here, one on the Platte, and the other on the headwaters of the Smoky Hill, to keep them from coming in on our settlements while the troops are after them below. Does this meet the approbation of the major-general commanding? I shall go again to Lyon and below there in a week or two.

I have the honor to be, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

J. M. CHIVINGTON,

Colonel First Cavalry of Colorado, Commanding District.
HEADQUARTERS DEPARTMENT OF NEW MEXICO,Santa Fe, N. Mex., July 5, 1864.

Honorable KIRBY BENEDICT,

Chief Justice of the Territory of N. Mex., Santa Fe, N. Mex.:

SIR: I have understood that during my absence from this city yesterday the supreme court met, and after it had organized and proceeded to and transacted business it resolved that it would do no further business unless certain orders with reference to passports should be unconditionally rescinded by myself. I beg, respectfully, to be informed by your honor if I have rightly understood that was the fact. If so, was I notified of the conditions on which the court would or would not proceed with its business, and, if I was thus notified, did the court await an answer from myself before it adjourned sine die? I have also been informed that Judge Knapp, in open court this day, charged me with treason and with aiding and abetting the rebels. If this was said at all, as you are the chief justice, of course it was said in your presence. Please do me the favor to make an affidavit on all matters of conversation to this effect which constituted his charge against me of treason, if such charge was made.

I am, with great respect, your honor's obedient servant,

JAMES H. CARLETON,

Brigadier-General, Commanding.

