
of the temporary abandonment of Brownsville, but i presume that the same notification should be given by such authority in Washington, as will prevent clearances from foreign ports to Brownsville.

I have the honor to be, sir, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

E. R. S. CANBY,

Major-General, Commanding.

MEMPHIS, TENN., August 4, 1864.

Major General E. R. S. CANBY,

Commanding Division of West Mississippi:

GENERAL: In answer to your dispatch of 27th ultimo, I report that I have not diverted a man destined for General Steele, nor do I know what he means when he speaks of diverting re-enforcements. your order me to send General Steele such troops as I have received from Missouri in the last month. I have received none from there for two months. A Minnesota regiment was sent to Columbus from Saint Louis nearly three months ago, and another arrived here May 31. I sent for the Columbus regiment, and both of these regiments took part int he late Smith expedition against Forrest, and both of them are now out 100 miles from here again, in pursuit of Forrest, but I do not suppose that you refer to these regiments. The Twelfth Missouri Cavalry arrived here about the 1st day of june,d is mounted with orders to report to me. I have been doing my best to mount them and have partially succeeded, and those that are mounted are now in the front. I have already advised you that I have sent about 1,500 troops of the Seventeenth Corps to relieve General Gordon. I shall keep no idle troops here. In forty-five days from now all the 100-days' men will be going home.

C. C. WASHBURN,

Major-General.

MEMPHIS, August 4, 1864.

Major General E. R. S. CANBY:

I have just received the inclosed dispatch* from Major-General Sherman. Forrest a week ago was near Okolona and I am certain will not move into Middle Tennessee while Smith in after him.

C. C. WASHBURN,

Major-General.

SPECIAL ORDERS, HDQRS. MIL. DIV. OF WEST MISSISSIPPI, Numbers 87. New Orleans, La., August 4, 1864.

* * * *

2. The Seventh Regiment Kansas Cavalry and the Twelfth Regiment Missouri Cavalry are hereby relieved from duty in the District of West Tennessee, and will be sent without delay to Saint Louis, Mo., to report to Major General W. S. Rosecrans, commanding Department of the Missouri. The quartermaster's department will furnish the necessary transportation.

* * * *

---------------

*See Sherman to Washburn, August 1, Vol. XXXIX, Part Ii, p. 217.

---------------

