
12. The organization known as the Second New Orleans Volunteers ceases to exist. The enlisted men of the regiment will be mustered into the First New Orleans, Volunteers. Colonel Killborn will retain his position as colonel of the First New Orleans Volunteers. All other officers of the First and Second New Orleans Volunteers desiring to be attached to the new organization will be examined by a military board which will be appointed by Brigadier General T. W. Sherman, commanding the Defenses of New Orleans, who is charged with the execution of this order.

* * * *

By command of Major-General Banks:

C. S. SARGENT,

Acting Assistant Adjutant-General.

NEW ORLEANS, LA., August 4, 1864.

Major GEORGE B. DRAKE,

Assistant Adjutant-General, Dept. of the Gulf:

MAJOR: I have the honor to report that the following-named regiments in addition to those named in paragraph 1, of Special Orders, Numbers 174, date the 2nd ultimo, headquarters Department of the Gulf, have been embarked at Algiers, La., to go beyond the limits of this department,viz: Eleventh Indiana Veteran Volunteers, Eighth Indiana Veteran Volunteers, Twenty-second Iowa Volunteers, Twenty-fourth Iowa Volunteers, Twenty-eighth Iowa Volunteers.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

J. J. REYNOLDS,

Major-General, Commanding.
HEADQUARTERS DEFENSES OF NEW ORLEANS,New Orleans, August 4, 1864.

Colonel BARTRAM,

Commanding District of Carrollton:

It is expected there will be six regiments of infantry and three batteries of artillery that will be ordered to the plain back of Carrollton to be there encamped. The general directs that you select the ground so that they can be kept separate (or near each), instead of being mixed up with other commands. Each detachment as it arrives will be ordered to report to you. You will then assign them their camp-grounds and render them such assistance as they may require to go into camp.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

OLIVER MATTHEWS,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

NEW ORLEANS, August 4, 1864.

Brigadier-General McNEIL;

General Andrews has orders to proceed by first boat to relieve you. Orders will be sent you to proceed to Saint Louis.

Respectfully,

C. S. SARGENT,

Acting Assistant Adjutant-General

