
recently in front of Morganza is moving up, and our troops at Vicksburg, as well as the gun-boats, will be on the lookout should they attempt to cross. I am now organizing a force at Morganza with which to move in any necessary direction, and should the enemy intend to invade Missouri that force can be with you upon very short notice. Some days ago I directed General Washburn to relieve the troops under Gordon's command, the latter to return to Morganza. I have now instructed Gordon not to return, unless he is positive that the enemy does not contemplate any extensive movement in Arkansas or Missouri. General Washburn has been directed to send to you all the troops destined for your department which may have been stopped at his post a considerable number of his own troops. General Rosecrans reports, July 21, that the battalion of the First Missouri Cavalry will be sent you immediately upon its return from a scout in Northeastern Arkansas. The veteran portion of the First Iowa Cavalry recently returned from veteran furlough and now at Saint Louis has also been ordered to you. In a cartel recently agreed upon between our agent and the rebel agent for exchange the Arkansas prisoners have been included.

E. R. S. CANBY,

Major-General, Commanding.

VICKSBURG, MISS., August 4, 1864.

Major General H. W. SLOCUM,

Commanding District of Vicksburg:

I am directed by the major-general commanding the Military Division of West Mississippi to convey to you the following instructions:

The troops lately detached from here by his orders, viz, the Eighth, Eleventh, Forty-sixth, and Seventy-sixth Illinois Infantry, the Thirtieth and detachment of the Seventh Missouri Infantry, the detachment of the First Kansas Cavalry, and Battery L, Second Illinois Light Artillery, will be considered in event of its return to this post as belonging to the reserve force mentioned in General Orders, Numbers 4., headquarters Military Division of West Mississippi. The following troops now here will be added to the same and await orders, viz: The Seventy-second and One hundred and twenty-fourth Illinois Infantry, Eleventh Illinois Cavalry, and Twenty-sixth Ohio Battery.

All the requirements of the above order will be carried out, so far as these troops are concerned. You will also require them to report to division headquarters as required by General Orders, Numbers 7, and be prepared for their prompt movement by river, as required by Order Numbers 6.

The render the Eleventh Illinois Cavalry effective for field service you will cause all serviceable horses in possession of the Second Wisconsin Cavalry and the Fifth Illinois Cavalry, as well as all in possession of Lieutenant Steiner and Captain Van Patten, of the quartermaster's department to be turned over to them. There are also in possession of regimental quartermaster of the Seventy-second Illinois Infantry, the Fifty-eighth Ohio Infantry, and the Fifth U. S. Heavy Artillery (colored), seven, four, and seven horses, respectively, which you will cause to be disposed of in the same way. It is believed that these changes,

