
together with a seizure of all horses in the possession of livery stables and other private parties which have been dishonestly obtained, or to which they cannot prove a fair title, will complete the mount of this regiment. As the regiment is also deficient in arms you will also at once complete its supply by first procuring whatever can be supplies from the ordnance depot at this post, and then taking from the two cavalry regiments above mentioned carbines, accouterments, and equipments similar to those with which the Eleventh is now supplied. It is not necessary to furnish pistols when they have carbines.

By this means the Second Wisconsin and Fifth Illinois will be dismounted entirely and mostly disarmed. You will, for purposes of defense in garrison, until they can obtain new mounts and arms, assemble the cavalry arms in each regiment, so far as can be, in companies and let them serve as cavalry on foot, whilst those companies which are disarmed will be armed and equipped as infantry.

Your garrison for the defense of the place will then consist of the Second Wisconsin Cavalry (as infantry and dismounted cavalry), Fifth Illinois Cavalry (as infantry and dismounted cavalry), Fifty-eighth Ohio Infantry, Seventh Ohio Battery (dismounted), Eighth Ohio Battery (dismounted), Third U. S. Colored Cavalry, Fifth U. S. Colored Heavy Artillery, Forty-seventh U. S. Colored Infantry, Forty-eighth U. S. Colored Infantry, Forty-ninth U. S. Colored Infantry, Fiftieth U. S. Colored Infantry, Fifty-second U. S. Colored Infantry, Fifty-third U. S. Colored Infantry. This force numbers 6,550 able-bodied men present at the post, of which about 1,900 are white.

The convalescents from the hospitals, the employes of the quartermaster's commissary ordnance, and Treasury departments, with the other militia ordered, will make at least 1,500 or 2,000 men, making the whole garrison upward of 8,500. The Mississippi Marine Brigade, which is also under your orders, is not included in the above estimate.

The trade regulations provided by the President of the United States, which prohibit any supplies whatever, however limited from leaving the lines will, in future, be strictly enforced, and no permits will be granted for goods to go beyond the lines. All special permits for persons, either male or female, who have not taken the oath of allegiance, to pass the lines, will be immediately revoked, and none will in future be granted under any circumstances. Your attention is invited to the fact that enlisted men are still employed in the Treasury Department in the capacity of clerks or assistants.

I have the honor to be, very respectfully,

N. J. T. DANA,

Major-General.
SPECIAL ORDERS, HDQRS. DISTRICT OF LITTLE ROCK, Numbers 58. Little Rock, Ark., August 4, 1864.

I. Brigadier General J. R. West, U. S. Volunteers, will proceed with all the available cavalry of this district in pursuit of the enemy's, reported to be on Little Red River, and will pursue them until they are captured or dispersed.

By order of Brigadier General E. A. Carr:

C. H. DYER,Assistant Adjutant-General.

