HEADQUARTERS DISTRICT OF LITTLE ROCK,Little Rock, Ark., August 4, 1864.

COMMANDING OFFICER THIRD WISCONSIN CAVALRY:

You will have your command in readiness to move with three days' rations in haversacks. You will report in person to Brigadier General J. R. West for instructions.

By order of Brigadier General E. A. Carr:

S. E. GRAVES,

Captain and Acting Aide-de-Camp.

(Same to commanding officers Tenth Illinois Cavalry and Third Missouri Cavalry.)

PINE BLUFF, August 4, 1864.

(Received 9 p.m.)

Captain C. H. DYER,

Assistant Adjutant-General:

This morning my patrolling parties found the enemy's pickets strongly posted at a point about ten miles out in the direction of Monticello and also on the Richland road about the same distance out.

POWELL CLAYTON.

Colonel, Commanding

HERMANN, MO., August 4, 1864.

Colonel J. H. BAKER,

Commanding First Sub-Dist. of Saint Louis Dist. Saint Louis, Mo.:

COLONEL: I received information on the morning of the 1st instant of a squad of bushwhackers who were committing their depredations over in Montgomery County. I crossed the river as soon as possible with a detachment of my men and went in search of these "knights of the bush," but did not succeed in finding them, they having several hours the start of me. I scouted through Montgomery and Callaway Counties. At Portland (a little village in Callaway County) I found several crafts which have evidently been used for transporting rebels and bushwhackers across the Missouri River. These boats I destroyed without any hesitation. I have reliable information that the rebel citizens of Portland about organizing a company under General Orders, Numbers 107. I am confident that I have never met with a more bitter set of rebels than the citizens of Portland, and I will not hesitate to say that were they armed and equipped by Uncle Sam they would march to the Southern D) in less than a week. I sent out a party to disguise for the purpose of getting information in regard to the movements of these gents of the bush. They were well treated by all citizens, and found one or two who offered their services to assist in taking in myself and squad. One old lady regretted very much to hear of the death of Hancock (the guerrilla); said that Mr. Hancock was much of a gentleman and a very particular friend of hers. I found several negroes who expressed a desire to enlist had they an opportunity offered them. They dare not attempt to escape to any military post on pain of being followed and driven back by their rebel masters, who are all armed and have a pocketful of permits from Colonel Broadhead.

I am, colonel, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

WILL. T. HUNTER,

Captain Company M, Third Missouri State Militia Cavalry.

