HEADQUARTERS DEPARTMENT OF THE MISSOURI.

Saint Louis, August 4, 1864.

I. H. STURGEON,President and Supt. North Missouri R. R.., Saint Louis, Mo.:

SIR: The commanding general directs me to inform you that a telegram has just been received from Brigadier-General Fisk with the information that General Douglass has been ordered to place the necessary guards at the threatened bridges on the North Missouri Railroad, and that the matter will receive immediate attention. It is believed that the guards are already posted, and that no further apprehensions need be entertained for the safety of the bridges.

I am, sir, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

FRANK ENO,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

BOONVILLE, August 4, 1864

Major-General PLEASONTON:

Went to Arrow Rock. Citizens had left guns and ammunition. I returned with forty Enfield rifles and about 900 rounds of ammunition. Fifteen bushwhackers had left about two hours before I got there. Union citizens here would like to have guns, and I want your orders.

JOSEPH PARKE,

Captain, Commanding.

WARRENSBURG, MO., August 4, 1864.

Colonel JAMES McFERRAN,

Lexington

Send following dispatch by messenger to Lieutenant-Colonel Lazear:

Guerrillas were at Miami, Cambridge, and Arrow Rock, on 2nd instant. Another band passed Plains City yesterday, going west. Guerrillas are very active on north side of the river, and appear to be making toward Crooked River.

By order:

J. H. STEGER,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

SPECIAL ORDERS, HDQRS. DIST. OF SOUTHWEST MISSOURI, Numbers 208. Springfield, Mo., August 4, 1864

* * * * *

3. Lieutenant J. H. Creighton, acting ordnance officer, District of Southwest Missouri, will deliver to Thomas S. Brown, of the Douglas County Home Guard, the following specified ammunition, and report the same as expended in defense of the district by home guards: 300 Colt army cartridges, caliber 44; 500 Colt navy cartridges, caliber .38; 400 buck and ball cartridges, caliber .69.

4. Captain Jacob Cassairt, Company I, Eighth Cavalry Missouri State Militia, will proceed to Hickory County, Mo., with five enlisted men of his company, for the purpose of ascertaining, the names of certain horse thieves and guerrillas who now infest that county, their numbers, and

