
hiding places, and to destroy or drive them from the county. He will ascertain, if possible, the routes by which these parties enter and leave on or before the 25th instant.
By order of Brigadier-General Sanborn:

W. D. HUBBARD,

First Lieutenant and Acting Assistant Adjutant-General.
HEADQUARTERS DISTRICT OF SOUTHWEST MISSOURI,Springfield, Mo., August 4, 1864.

Colonel JOHN D. ALLEN,

Commanding at Mount Vernon and Seventh Provisional Regiment:

COLONEL: Your dispatch* of yesterday was received and contents noted. The force referred to in McDonald County is undoubtedly that of Pickler and Brown that Captain Roberts drove from the vicinity of Baxter Springs. Captain Ritchey and Major Burch will send a scout or force to the vicinity of the place where this force is reported to be, and demonstrate and skirmish with this force sufficiently to compel it to form in line, and if the enemy is found too strong our force will slowly force is found to be strong all the available troops in that section will at once concentrate and attack and drive out this force. I will send a company from Cassville in the direction of this force to-day. Have the troops move promptly and attack this force. I do not expect it will fight unless cornered.

Send this letter or a copy to Major Burch.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

JOHN B. SANBORN,

Brigadier-General Commanding.
HEADQUARTERS DISTRICT OF SOUTHWEST MISSOURI,Springfield, Mo., August 4, 1864.

Lieutenant-Colonel CAMERON, Commanding, Cassville, Mo.:

Colonel Allen has sent me a dispatch from Mount Vernon that he has reliable information that a force of 400 rebels are encamped five miles below Rutledge, on Cowskin Prairie, and that two other companies were in the vicinity of Butler's Creek, Ark. Send a force from 50 to 100 mounted men into the above region and ascertain if this information is ordered. If found true, the force will fall back toward Newtonia and Granby until it joins the forces from these posts. If the force is not so large as that it cannot be driven by so small a force, your scout will attack and drive them out and then return to Cassville direct.

JOHN B. SANBORN,

Brigadier-General, Commanding.

FORT LEAVENWORTH, August 4, 1864.

Brigadier General C. B. FISK, Saint Joseph, Mo.:

There are some small boats in vicinity of Iatan which I wish you would take charge of, as they are furnishing us with a supply of guerrillas.

S. R. CURTIS,

Major-General.

---------------

*Not found.

---------------

36 R R-VOL XLI, PT II

