
SAINT JOSEPH, August 4, 1864.

Major-General CURTIS:

Will squelch the boats to-day.

CLINTON B. FISK.

LIBERTY, August 4, 1864.

General FISK:

Lieutenant Perkins had a fight with Taylor yesterday; killed 1, wounded several. We had 1 man slightly wounded 5, horses killed. Taylor is moving north toward Buchanan County, troops following him.

E. C. CATHERWOOD,

Colonel.

BROOKFIELD, August 4, 1864.

General FISK:

Scout, just come in from Keytesville, reports bushwhackers plenty in the forks of the Chariton. Captain Stanley has had a fight with them, and set to Colonel M[oberly] for re-enforcements, but received orders to hold his men in camp until the movements of the enemy were fully developed.

E. J. C.

PLATTSBURG, August 4, 1864.

General FISK:

Thrailkill with his whole command attacked Lieutenant McCullough with twenty-two men eight miles south of here this morning. McCullough fell back to this place.

B. F. POE,

Captain, Commanding Post.

PLATTSBURG, CLINTON COUNTY, MO.,

August 4, 1864.

General C. B. FISK,

U. S. Army:

DEAR SIR: I this morning received yours of August 2, and was pleased to find that you were disposed to help our rebel-ridden section of the country as much as you can at the present, but I am very well satisfied that you do not get a full history of the state of affairs in that part of the country as it does exist at the present time. To post you more fully of the state of the country as it exists in the neighborhood of Ridgeley, and Gosneyville and Smithville, in Clay and Platte Counties, I will give you a history of what has taken place since last Friday. There was a band of bushwhackers went to Ridgeley and robbed Carpenter's store of goods and money to the amount of some $500, and Gusten's store of the sum of $75, and from there they went to Carpenter's dwelling and took some blankets and a good horse. From there they went to Gosneyville and there they cut hay and went to Warren Parker's and stripped his house of all their wearing apparel and tore up the children's clothing. From there they went to one Thomas Marsh's and there tore up a lot of clothing, cursed and abused the

