
females and drew their revolvers on one of them. From there they went to James Walker's, one of the militiamen, and searched his house for arms and clothing and took the last horse he had. That was on Saturday. On Sunday morning there was a gang that went to one William H. Sluyton's, in Clay County, Mo., a man that belongs to the militia, who went home late Saturday evening to see a sick wife, and on Sunday morning his house was surrounded by seven of the bush band, but he did manage to make his escape out of the back door and got back to quarters Sunday evening. They told his wife that they did intend to kill him; and from there they went to Smithville and took a good horse from Frank Wood, and from there they went back to Gosneyville, and on the way they robbed a man by the name of Fred. Graham of all the money he had, $25, and yesterday Captain McCullough with a squad of about twenty-five men went to Gosneyville, in Clay County, on a scout, and this morning as they were on the return they came to the house of David S. Wade, and there they were attacked by a band of some 80 to 100 of the whacks and they had one man shot through the left and the ball lodged in one finger in the right hand. They returned the fire and three of them were seen to fall off their horses, and one horse to fall, and the whole gang followed Captain McCullough's command about three miles and a half. The young man that got shot is by the name of Joseph Hickson, a brother to the one that was wounded the time Captain Turney was killed. The bushwhackers were under the command of Thrailkill, and have been seen in the neighborhood of Gosneyville and Ridgeley and Smithville every day for four weeks.

There is a company of citizens, young and old, organized in this town, of about 100 strong, and have elected their officers and have armed themselves as best they can, and are ready and willing to help defend this place, but they lack efficient arms and ammunition, and hope that they will be furnished with both by you, and that you will be able to send into the disturbed neighborhood at least 400 good armed and mounted men to stay till they can clean out that neighborhood of these fellows, and to have them to subsist off their friends and aiders that feed them.

I give you this full detailed history of that part of the country, as the unvarnished truth as I get it from the persons that have seen and felt the smart of these fellows. A part of it I have from some of the families that have been stripped of their property, and a part I have by letter from my father, who has lost his goods and horses, and there is not one of them but is reliable. I have written the particulars so that you can fully understand the situation of the country in parts of Clay and Platte Counties.

Your obedient servant,

AMOS CARPENTER.

P. S. - The same gang of desperadoes took two horses from Conway Garner near Gosneyville, on Friday, and on Sunday they went back and made him get their dinner and left one horse and took a better one; and on Sunday morning there was a part of the band went to Mr. Carpenter's and made them get their breakfast. The whole band when together is some 80 to 100 strong, armed with revolvers and Sharps rifles, and there is quite an excitement here, and they look to be attacked to-night, but we hope to give them a warm reception if they come. But there are not men enough to hold the post and scout. It will require at least 400 men to be sufficient to scout that country as it should be

