
done, and the whole militia force should be put into the field in this and Clay and Platte Counties and make one effectual drive, and any person that refuses to join should be treated as an enemy to his country.

AMOS CARPENTER.

KEYTESVILLE, August 4, 1864.

General FISK:

DEAR SIR: I take this opportunity to inform you of the condition of Chariton County at this time. I arrived home last night and am informed that there has not been a time within the last three weeks but what there has been bushwhackers in this county, and frequently within two or three miles of this place. There are three gangs one led by Anderson one by Holtzclaw, and one by a man by the name of Jackson. Each company has from forty to seventy men, well armed and well drilled, and the most of them desperate men. All of the Union men of the county are in the military camps or have fled the county; the larger portion of them are here and at Glasgow; there are a few in Bowling Green Prairie, Bernhardt's company. Some neighborhoods are nearly deserted. A few of those who are classed as sympathizers have left. There are but few loyal men in the county that have not been robbed of their horses. Brigadier General E. Price of the Confederate States of America and fifth corporal in Moberly's militia, on Friday last had an interview with Captain Holtzclaw, and made a speech to the men. He (Price) on Saturday made a speech in Brunswick, where he said that he three years ago enlisted Holtzclaw into the Confederate service (here the speaker was loudly cheered). Price also said that he recognized many of his old neighbors and friends; that they were Confederate soldiers and had been driven into the bush by Stanley's and the Brookfield company. There is not a man in Stanley's company but thinks they are treated badly. They went into the company as an independent volunteer organization with the understanding that William E. Moberly nor no other rebel sympathizer would have any control over it. You could not to-day get one of Stanley's men or a half a dozen other loyal men to serve under him by volunteering. At the time that there was no trouble in the county Holtzclaw was in the vicinity of Keytesville only the day before. Price had his interview with him; ont he same day Anderson was in the north side of the county robbing and murdering, and yet he, Moberly, informs you that all is quiet. Such villainy and falsehood cannot escape the ear of the citizens, especially the loyal men, if it is not seen by those in authority. The loyal men here are anxious to know whether they will get any protection or not. If there will be none many talk of leaving the State, or at least removing their families where they will be safe.

E. A. HOLCOMB.

MEXICO, MO., August 4, 1864.

Major-General ROSECRANS,

Commanding Department:

I have made ample arrangements for Perkins, Davis &amp; Co. at Middle Grove to-night.

J. B. DOUGLASS.

Brigadier-General.

