
ACTG. ASST. PROVOST-MARSHAL-GENERAL'S OFFICE,

Saint Paul, Minn., August 4, 1864.

Major General JOHN POPE,

Commanding Department of the Northwest, Milwaukee, Wis.:

GENERAL: I have the honor to reply to your circular letter of 1st instant asking what military force I may need to carry out the orders received to proceed with the draft on 5th of September next. It is very gratifying to me to state that I have required but a small force to preserve order since the commencement of the draft, now about closed. I apprehend no material difficulty in enforcing the coming one. My opinion is that fifty men, to be located at the headquarters of the provost-marshals', districts, for the purpose of guarding conscripts there and in transit, will be sufficient.

I am, general, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

JNO. T. AVERILL,

Lieutenant Colonel and Acting Assistant Provost-Marshal-General.
SPECIAL ORDERS, HDQRS. MIL. DIV. OF WEST MISSISSIPPI, Numbers 88. New Orleans, La., August 5, 1864

1. In conformity with paragraph 36, Special Orders, Numbers 244, dated War Department, Adjutant-General's Office, Washington, July 21, 1864, Colonel Albert J. Myer is relieved from duty as chief signal officer of the Military Division of West Mississippi. Major F. W. Marston, Signal Corps, U. S. Army, is appointed chief signal officer of the division, and will carry out the instructions already given to Colonel Myer. He will be obeyed and respected accordingly.

* * * *

6. The battalion of the Second Wisconsin Cavalry, now in the Department of the Missouri, is hereby relieved from duty in that department and will without delay rejoin the main portion of the regiment at Vicksburg, Miss. The quartermaster's department will furnish the necessary transportation.

By order of Major General E. R. S Canby:

C. T. CHRISTENSEN,Major and Assistant Adjutant-General.

OFFICE OF LIGHT-HOUSE ENGR. EIGHTH AND NINTH DISTS.,.

New Orleans, August 5, 1864.

Major General N. P. BANKS,

Commanding Department of the Gulf.

SIR: I respectfully beg leave to inform you that the U. S. Light-House schooner Martha, Captain John Williams was captured in Chandeleur Sound, near Mason's Keys, by an armed launch, manned by twenty-two men, commanded by a Captain Jefferson, who claims to hold a commission from the Confederate Government. The schooner was stripped of her rigging and sails, part of her cargo was taken, then set fire to and burned. Her crew consisted of Captain Williams, master; his son Frank; Otto Krage, carpenter; Frank Schever, seaman; Herman Miller, seaman; Thomas O'Brien, seaman; Martin Johnson, seaman, Frank Geisser,cook. The crew were taken into Wolf River whence

