
Captain Williams and his son escaped; the rest were sent to Mobile. I would respectfully solicit your kind protection for these men, and request their early exchange and return to the city.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

M. F. BONZANO,

Acting Light-House Engineer.

GENERAL ORDERS, HDQRS. DEPARTMENT OF THE GULF, Numbers 108. New Orleans, August 5, 1864.

The following order is published for the information and guidance of all concerned:

GENERAL ORDERS, LOUISVILLE, KY., Numbers 21. June 14, 1864.

The incorporation into the Army of the United States of colored troops renders it necessary that they should be brought as speedily to the highest state of discipline. Accordingly the practice which as hitherto prevailed, no doubt from necessity, of requiring these troops to perform most of the labor on fortifications, and the labor and fatigue duties of permanent stations and camps, will cease, and they will only be required to take their fair share of fatigue duty with the white troops. This is necessary to prepare them for the higher duties of conflicts with the enemy. Commanders of colored troops in cases where the troops under their commands are required to perform an excess of labor above white troops in the same command, will represent the case to the common superior through the regular channel.

By order of the Secretary of War:

L. THOMAS,

Adjutant-General.

By command of Major-General Banks:

GEORGE B. DRAKE,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

NEW ORLEANS, LA., August 5, 1864

Major GEORGE B. DRAKE,

Assistant Adjutant-General, Department of the Gulf:

MAJOR: I have the honor to report the following regiments of this command embarked at Algiers, La., now serving under the order of Major-General Granger, viz; Third Brigade, Third Division, Nineteenth Army Corps: Sixty-seventh Indiana Volunteers; Ninety-sixth Ohio Volunteers; Thirty-fourth Iowa Volunteers; Seventy-seventh Illinois Volunteers; Third Maryland Cavalry, dismounted. Aggregate, 1,515.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

J. J. REYNOLDS,

Major-General, Commanding.
HEADQUARTERS DEFENSES OF NEW ORLEANS,New Orleans, August 5, 1864.

Colonel BARTRAM,

District of Carrollton:

The general commanding directs that you report at once by telegraph how much ammunition your command has on hand. Also that you have the troops under your command ready to move at a moment's notice, i.e., any regiment which department headquarters may see fit

