
ing that it was only a bait. They exchanged a few shots with the enemy on their leaving the picket. I shall not send them back until I think that it is perfectly safe to do so. The patrol on the Port Hudson road went out four miles. No enemy seen.

W. P. BENTON.

Brigadier-General, Commanding.

LITTLE ROCK, ARK., August 5, 1864

Brigadier General C. C. ANDREWS,

Devall's Bluff:

Brigadier General J. R. West is to take charge of the cavalry forces going to Searcy. The officer commanding force from Devall's Bluff will report to General West by telegraph and will obey his orders, but will not delay to march unless ordered to do so.

By order of Brigadier General E. A. Carr:

C. H. DYER,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

LITTLE ROCK, ARK., August 5, 1864.

Brigadier General C. C. ANDREWS,

Devall's Bluff:

Colonel O. Wood, commanding Second Brigade, has been ordered to send 200 mounted [men] of his command to Austin (armed with muskets) with three days' rations in haversacks, to report to General West.

By order of Brigadier General E. A. Carr:

S. E. GRAVES,

Acting Assistant Adjutant-General.

HDQRS. SECOND DIVISION, SEVENTH ARMY CORPS,

Devall's Bluff, August 5, 1864

Colonel W. F. GEIGER,

Commanding Third Brigade:

COLONEL: You will move at daylight to-morrow morning with your available force of Eighth and Eleventh Missouri and Third Michigan Cavalry, with ten days' rations (a part in wagons) in pursuit of McCray's forces. A force will move, or has already moved, from Little Rock to co-operate with you. You will take a good supply of ammunition. You will, of course, not divide your force more than is necessary. I recommend, however, that you send a few hundred men by the way of Hickory Plains, to unite if practicable with the force from Little Rock, and to proceed to Searcy, and by gaining the fords of Little Red River north of Searcy prevent the enemy's retreat in that direction. If, as we suppose, he shall be found south of Little Red River, that force could then close in upon the enemy by moving toward West Point and the Dogwood Settlement. Then I would recommend that you cross the Bayou Des Arc with the principal part of your force at Sandy Ford or the ford just below the mouth of Cypress Bayou, according as either will bring you nearer the enemy. You realize better than I can tell you that it is desirable to pursue and crush this notorious and growing force of the

