
enemy. Impress upon your officers, and have them impress upon their men, how extremely important it is to exterminate this gang, and that the promptitude, endurance and valor on their part that will secure this object will be greatly honored. Now that we have at length moved don't come back till they have reason to regard your force with terror. As nearly every citizen left at home is an enemy I would be rigorous with any that have the means of carrying information to the enemy. You will bear in mind that very many of the enemy wear our uniform. Let me suggest that you dispense with bugle signals, and that your officers keep their men closed up and in hand so that orders may be telegraphed to the rear of the column by verbal command. I trust you will have brilliant success.

Very respectfully,

C. C. ANDREWS,

Brigadier-General, Commanding.

LITTLE ROCK, ARK., August 5, 1864.

Colonel A. H. RYAN,

Lewisburg, Ark.:

Send the detachment of the Tenth Illinois Cavalry now with you toward Searcy to meet other troops from Devall's Bluff and this place ordered in that direction in pursuit of the enemy. On approaching Searcy they must proceed cautiously till they hear of our other troops, which they must join as soon as practicable. Let them take five days' rations. The troops from Devall's Bluff and here will start this p.m. or to-morrow a.m. The part of the Tenth Illinois now here will start also.

E. A. CARR,

Brigadier-General, Commanding.

LEWISBURG, August 5, 1864-1 p.m.

Brigadier General E. A. CARR:

GENERAL: The Tenth Illinois Cavalry will move at daylight. I was about to send a scout in the morning to north side of Red River, via Clinton. If you do not object I will send to-morrow two battalions of the Third in that direction; also one squadron to Perry and Yell Counties. Lieutenant Carr will be down on first boat; he has been waiting for one the past two days.

Respectfully,

A. H. RYAN,

Colonel

LITTLE ROCK, ARK., August 5, 1864.

Colonel A. H. RYAN,

Lewisburg:

General West will be in command of the expedition. Send the balance of the Third Arkansas as you suggest.

By order of Brigadier General E. A. Carr:

C. H. DYER,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

