
WARRENSBURG, MO., August 5, 1864.

Major O. D. GREENE,

Assistant Adjutant-General:

Your dispatch with Boonville contents received. All the available force is now in Saline County and that direction operating against bushwhackers. Everything is being done for the protection of the river towns that can be. If the people of Boonville do not encourage bushwhackers they are able to keep them out of their town.

A. PLEASONTON.

Major-General

KANSAS CITY, MO., August 5, 1864

Captain STEGER,

Assistant Adjutant-General, Warrensburg:

Sergeant Coy, with his scout of fifty men, returned about midnight. No Dick Yeager to be found. The Independence scout returned last evening and report that Todd and his whole band are moving over into La Fayette County in small parties. No fight. The scout from Pleasant Hill I sent on Little Blue, near Raytown, saw two small bands, one of twelve and one of eight, but could not get near enough to shoot. I have ordered Major Smith, with two companies, to Independence. I now have three companies here, five at Independence three at Pleasant Hill, and one at Hickman Mills. I shall send a scout of 100 men from Independence through the Snibal Hills to La Fayette County line. The rebels are crossing from Platte and Clay Counties in small parties every day. Shall also send scout down the river to Sibley Bottoms for the purpose of stopping their crossing.

J. H. FORD,.

Colonel, Commanding Fourth Sub-District..

KANSAS CITY, MO., August 5, 1864.

Captain JAMES H. STEGER,

Assistant Adjutant-General, Warrensburg:

Thrailkill and Taylor crossed the river with about fifty men below Missouri City. They crossed in the night in small boats and swam their horses. Other guerrilla bands are reported crossing every night below Sibley Landing, near Warrensburg.

J. H. FORD.

Colonel, Commanding Fourth Sub-District.

KANSAS CITY, August 5, 1864.

Captain JAMES H. STEGER,

Warrensburg:

I have received reliable information that 240 bushwhackers are camped on Fishing River below Liberty, between there and Missouri City. I think only about sixty of them have crossed the river, but all the leaders are on this side to consult with Todd and Quantrill about forming a junction and arrange programme for operations.

JAS. H. FORD.

Colonel, Commanding Fourth Sub-District.

