
SAINT JOSEPH, MO., August 5, 1864.

Major-General ROSECRANS:

I would like Colonel Catherwood to remain with me for a little time yet. His veterans are hard to manage. Will spare him at the earliest possible moment. Your telegram was delayed one day.

CLINTON B. FISK.

Brigadier-General.
HEADQUARTERS,Liberty, Mo., August 5, 1864

Brigadier General C. B. FISK,

Commanding District of North Missouri:

GENERAL: I arrived here on Wednesday eve. Have thoroughly scouted the whole country; had several skirmishes and killed some 50 guerrillas. I have lost Corporal Russell, Company L, killed, 1 man wounded, and 5 horses killed. There are quite a number of small bands still in the country. We average a little fight a day. The people seem disposed through fear to give information freely. Several organizations have applied to be armed under General Orders, Numbers 107. My advice would be against arming these companies; First, they are principally men who are or have been disloyal. Granting they would not use their arms against the Government I am satisfied they would never fire a shot for it. There are two companies of Enrolled Missouri Militia here who are more loyal than any that could be raised in the country. I have sent them out twice. On both occasions they heard of guerrillas near by, but did not go near them. I have arrested some ten men who have been in the brush and surrendered themselves to the militia and were by them paroled. Without further instructions from you I shall [order] a drum-head court-martial trial, and if guilty of desertion to the enemy will execute them. I am satisfied that quite a number of the guerrillas in this section will remain and continue murdering, &amp;c,. until exterminated.

I am, sir, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

E. C. CATHERWOOD,

Colonel, Commanding.

POST KNOXVILLE, RAY COUNTY, MO.,

August 5, 1864.

General FISK:

SIR: Your order just came to hand this evening. Owing to my being stationed at Knoxville is the reason why I did not get the order sooner. General our county is full of guerrillas, and I and my men are out after them all the while. I do not see why I am ordered to Liberty when our homes are so threatened. My soldiers are the best of Ray County. They all wish to stay and protect their fathers and brothers, but are all willing to go and fight the battles of our country, when our very firesides are not invaded. I think if any company should be sent to Liberty, some other company of this county should be sent, for my men have been in service for fifteen months, and never drew but two months' pay, and that was the first two months. General, let us remain in Ray, until our homes are safe, and we are all willing to go where ordered. General, why is it that Lieutenant-Colonel Black and Major Grimes are not serving with our old regiment? I think their services

