
geon for headquarters and bring Major Bartlett's battalion to Mexico. My reasons are that Major Barlett's command are perfectly familiar with the geography of the counties of Audrain, Pike, Lincoln, Warren, Montgomery, Callaway and western part of Boone, they having at an early day scouted over the whole of these counties, and a large portion of them having been recruited from said counties. The above-named counties, with the addition of Saint Charles, I would make Sub-District of Mexico. I would take the counties of Boone, Howard, Randolph, and Monroe, and make them Sub-District of Sturgeon. I would put Colonel Caldwell in command at Sturgeon; put one of his companies at Columbia, one at Allen (relieving the Ninth Missouri State Militia at that place), the balance at Sturgeon. This would give you and myself direct telegraph communication with all the sub-district commanders. It would put Colonel Caldwell in such position that in a few hours he could collect all his forces at one point, or he could scout from different points in concert. I am now satisfied that we will not meet the rebels in strong force in these counties, but will find them in squads of ten, fifteen twenty, or thirty, and I propose that we scout in concert from different points, leaving at posts only those that are not suitable for active service in the field, holding the posts with invalids and organized citizens of the towns, and those Union refugees that have left their homes on account of rebel depredations,&amp;c. I would ambush these rebels on cross-roads, by-paths, and in the thickets. With the forces thus stationed and acting in concert with one another, and with the Enrolled Missouri Militia in these and surrounding counties, I think I can safely promise that we can and will drive the rebels out in a very short time. If these views meet your approval you will please telegraph me, that I may commence at once to arrange the troops to that end. Major Bartlett has just returned from his expedition after Anderson. He followed him to the Chariton River, where he crossed with his men. Part of Major Barlett's forces were to leave Sturgeon last night to co-operate with troops from Allen in the capture of Perkins & Co. at Middle Grove, Monroe County. I think two or three regiments for U. S. service can be raised in my district. I am urging all the companies of Enrolled Missouri Militia now in active service to join the U. S. service for twelve months. I have the assurance that several companies will go almost in a body. I would like to meet you at Macon City the first time you come down to talk these matters over.

I have the honor to be, very respectfully your obedient servant,

J. B. DOUGLASS,

Brigadier-General.

SAINT JOSEPH, August 5, 1864.

Colonel J. H. SHANKLIN,

Chillicothe:

I am glad to learn that you have assumed command. I trust that Lieutenant-Colonel Swain's indisposition and absence will not be long. Be pleased to communicate to him my sincere sympathy in the recent great afflictions that have fallen upon him. Our children, as they pass beyond the dark waters, are not dead. They live on, and forever in a land where there is no strife, and they call out to us from the "shinning shore," urging us onward and upward, in duty and fealty to Him who holdeth in His hands the destinies of all. Your sub-district will be composed of the counties, of Harrison, Mercer, Daviess, Grundy, Cald-

37 R R-VOL XLI, PT II

