
amounting to 10,000 or 15,000 head; that they may number some thirty or forty Indians all mounted. Give Mr. Gonzales all the help he needs and be sure and recover the sheep. Give detailed report of what you do.

Respectfully, your obedient servant,

JAMES H. CARLETON.

Brigadier-General, Commanding.
HDQRS. DIST. OF MINNESOTA, DEPT. OF THE NORTHWEST,Saint Paul, Minn., August 5, 1864.

Major General JOHN POPE,

Commanding Department of the Northwest, Milwaukee, Wis.;

GENERAL: I have the honor to inclose herewith copies of dispatches this day received from the commanding officer of Fort Ripley and from Captain Donaldson,* commanding Company D, of the Independent Battalion, engaged on patrol duty along the Red River. The former, as you will perceive, states upon the authority of a Cass Lake chief and a Red Lake brave that Hole-in-the-Day is engaged in renewed machinations among the Chippewas against the peace of the frontier. I have no other indication or intimation of such schemes, but I have no faith in the friendship either of the chief named or of the Chippewas generally. They were only restrained by fear and presents from actively participating with the Sioux in the outbreak of 1862. Captain Donaldson met with no Sioux on his way to Pembina and back except the one killed at Georgetown. I fear it will turn out that he was a Chippewa, as I cannot conceive why a Sioux should show himself so openly in the immediate vicinity of the Red Lake Chippewas, his mortal enemies.

I am, general, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

H. H. SIBLEY,

Brigadier-General, Commanding.

ACTG. ASST. PROVOST-MARSHAL-GENERAL'S OFFICE,

Davenport, Iowa, August 5, 1864

Major General JOHN POPE,

Commanding Department of the Northwest, Milwaukee, Wis.:

GENERAL: I have the honor to acknowledge the receipt of your letter of the 1st instant in reference to furnishing me military aid in enforcing the draft in September. In reply I beg leave to say that I have consulted the State authorities and the officers of my own department as far as practicable and we all concur in the opinion that there will be no serious opposition to the execution of the draft in this State. The localities in which there is the most probability of resistance are Jackson County, in the upper part of this (Second) district, and Dubuque County, in the Third. As these counties are both of easy access from this place by boat and rail, I would respectfully recommend that your order the commanding officer of Company K, Fourth Regiment, First Battalion, Veteran Reserve Corps, now guarding Indians and doing provost duty in this city, to be held subject to my orders in case of necessity, and in this contingency I will see that their places are filled by men of the Second Battalion, Veteran Reserve Corps, and militia during the time that I may require the services of said company. The militia of this State are being organized under the late law of the Legislature, and the adju-

---------------

*See July 31, p. 493.

---------------

