
NEW ORLEANS, July 6, 1864-9 a. m.

General EMORY,

At Southwest Pass, on board Mississippi:

The Creole leaves to-day and has been ordered to call for you.

J. J. REYNOLDS,

Major-General.

NEW ORLEANS, July 6, 1864-11.30 a. m.

Brigadier-General EMORY,

Steamer Mississippi, at Southwest Point:

The steamer Exact left here this morning. She will assist you. The steamer Creole will leave this afternoon and reach you by daylight. They will pull you off if possible.

By order of Major-General Reynolds:

JOHN LEVERING,

Major and Assistant Adjutant-General.

NEW ORLEANS, July 6, 1864-11.30 a. m.

COMMANDING OFFICER,

At Forts Jackson and Saint Philip:

Direct the commanding officer of troops on board the steamer Exact, which left here this morning, to go out through the Southwest Pass and render assistance to the steamer Mississippi.

By command of Major-General Reynolds:

JOHN LEVERING,

Major and Assistant Adjutant-General.
HEADQUARTERS LA FOURCHE DISTRICT,Thibodeaux, La., July 6, 1864.

Major GEORGE B. DRAKE,

Assistant Adjutant-General, Department of the Gulf:

When the Second Brigade of the Third Brigade of the old Thirteenth Army Corps were ordered here the headquarters staff, wagon train, headquarters guard, and paraphernalia of the old Third Division followed. It is here a useless and expensive piece of machinery to the Government, and will, if we are annoyed by the enemy, be very much in the way. The regiments of the First Brigade have been assigned to duty at various places, and the Second Brigade has been sent here. I see no reason then why this large staff should be kept together, as the troops report now through district and post commanders. If you will order the staff to report to me I will put such as are needed on duty and send the remainder with the headquarters guard to their regiments for duty. The transportation, some twenty-five teams, are needed in this district and elsewhere, and their tents can be transferred or turned over. If this plan does not strike the major-general commanding favorably, I wish he would then order me to assume command of the detachment here, which would authorize me to give employment to the staff and properly dispose of the transportation, getting rid of everything which would be in the way.

I am, truly, yours, &amp;c.,

R. A. CAMERON,

Brigadier-General of Volunteers.

