
tant-general assures me that any call I may make upon him will be promptly responded to. The above, in all probability will be the most that I shall require, as in case of anything like a general resistance I should require a larger force than you will probably have to send m, or than you would feel justified in sending, if you had it, until the emergency, had actually arisen. Your letter was not received until Wednesday and yesterday (fast day) the office was closed in obedience to the President's proclamation which has caused some little delay.

I am, general, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

THOS. DUNCAN.

Major Third U. S. Cavalry, Actg. Asst. Prov. March General
SPECIAL ORDERS, HDQRS. MIL. DIV. OF WEST MISSISSIPPI, Numbers 89. New Orleans, La., August 6, 1864.

* * * * *

3. The battalion of the Sixth Missouri Cavalry, now serving in the Department of the Missouri, is hereby relied from duty in that department and will without delay rejoin the main portion of the regiment in the Department of the Gulf. The quartermaster's department will furnish the necessary transportation.

* * * * *

By order of Major General E. R. S. Canby:

C. T. CHRISTENSEN,Major and Assistant Adjutant-General.

HDQRS. MILITARY DIVISION OF WEST MISSISSIPPI,

OFFICE OF CHIEF OF CAVALRY.

New Orleans, August 6, 1864.

Major General N. P. BANKS,

Commanding Department of the Gulf:

GENERAL: The commanding general of the military division directs me to say that you will have the following regiments of cavalry and battery of horse artillery concentrated with dispatch at Baton Rouge, La., viz: Fourteenth New York, Second Illinois, One hundred and eighteenth Illinois Mounted Infantry, Second Louisiana, Sixth Missouri, Fourth Wisconsin, and First Wisconsin Battery. It is desired that the concentration be made under the personal supervision of the department chief of cavalry, who will be required to see that each regiment be in perfect order for field service, in arms, equipments and transportation (but three wagons to each regiment), and the whole force organized in two brigades, with efficient officers to command them.

I am, general, your obedient servant,

J. W. DAVIDSON.

Brigadier-General and Chief of Cavalry.

[Indorsement.]
HEADQUARTERS DEPARTMENT OF THE GULF,August 7, 1864.

Approved. Colonel Sherburne, chief of cavalry, Department of the Gulf, is charged with the immediate execution of the above order.

N. P. BANKS,

Major-General, Commanding

