
Totten is mingled with the pleasing reflection that the loss sustained by the department will be the gain of the service at large, of the cause, and the country.
II. Until further orders the duties of inspector-general of the department of Major-General Rosecrans:

O. D. GREENE,

Assistant Adjutant-General.
SPECIAL ORDERS, HDQRS. DEPARTMENT OF THE MISSOURI, Numbers 216. Saint Louis, August 6, 1864.

* * * *

13. Brigadier General James Totten having received verbal instructions from the commanding general to continue the tour of inspection which he was making, in compliance with special orders from these headquarters on the 8th of July, 1864, paragraph 9 of Special Orders, Numbers 187, from these headquarters of that date, relieving General Totten from duty in this department is hereby revoked.

By command of Major-General Rosecrans:

FRANK ENO,Assistant Adjutant-General.

WARRENSBURG, MO., August 6, 1864.

Major-General ROSECRANS,

Commanding Department of the Missouri;

Colonel Ford telegraphs that he has reliable information to the effect that 240 bushwhackers are camped on Fishing River below Liberty. Only about sixty of them have crossed to the south side, but the leaders are on this side for the purpose of consulting Quantrill and Todd, and arranging programme of operations.

A. PLEASONTON.

Major-General, Commanding.

(Copy to General Fisk, commanding District of North Missouri.)

LEXINGTON, Mo., August 6, 1864.

Captain J. H. STEGER,

Assistant Adjutant-General:

Reported about 100 rebels crossed from the north side above Sibley, on rafts, and sixteen between Wellington, and Napoleon Thursday, concentrating at Dillard's farm, eight miles north and two west of Chapel Hill, night before last, with eight days' rations.

J. McFERRAN,

Colonel, Commanding, &amp;c.

JEFFERSON CITY, August 6, 1864.

Major-General PLEASONTON:

Warrensburg:

Three men belonging to Shelby's command were arrested by citizens in Moniteau County, three miles west of California, one other escaped and was being followed up. They had stolen horses from a farmer and

