
PAOLA, KANS., August 6, 1864.

Lieutenant-Colonel HOYT,

Olathe:

The general commanding directs that you call out the militia. Have the colonel make out requisitions for cooking utensils on Lieutenant Francis, and they will be furnished at once. Turn out every man of the five companies.

T. MOONLIGHT,

Colonel.
HEADQUARTERS INDIAN BRIGADE,Fort Gibson, C. N., August 6, 1864.

Colonel C. W. BLAIR,

Commanding Brigade and Post, Fort Scott, Kans.:

SIR: I have the honor to report all quiet in and about Gibson. My scouts ins from south, forty miles, report on enemy. The force at Fort Smith (rebels) retreated south. No fighting to speak of. The rebels are pretty plenty near Cane Hill; 300 of them passed north into Missouri a few cavalry to add to our escort for the supply trains as far as Horse Creek I think then it will be perfectly safe with the Indians. Please send our mail by messengers.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

STEPHEN H. WATTLES,

Colonel, Commanding.
HEADQUARTERS DISTRICT OF UPPER ARKANSAS,Fort Riley, August 6, 1864.

Major General S. R. CURTIS

GENERAL: Late on the evening of the 4th instant I learned that you were returning from Larned by way of Council Grove, and yesterday morning I started for that place for the purpose of meeting you, and arrived there about four hours after you had passed through. I have yet received no information of the locality of the troops in this district, except what I was enabled to obtain from Lieutenant Edington (Ninth Wisconsin Battery) who accompanies you; nor do I know what orders or instructions you have given them. Please give me such information in regard to the locality or station of the troops, the instructions you have given them, and your views in general relative to matters connected with the Indians on the frontier, as you think proper.

Respectfully, your obedient servant,

JAS. G. BLUNT,

Major-General.

FORT LEAVENWORTH, August 6, 1864.

Brigadier-General MITCHELL,

Julesburg, Colo. Ter.:

General Curtis was delayed so much by the Indian troubles that he has returned to Lawrence and will be here to-morrow.

S. S. CURTIS

Major and Aide-de-Camp.

