SPECIAL ORDERS, HDQRS. DEPT. OF THE NORTHWEST, Numbers 120. Milwaukee, Wis., August 6, 1864.

I. In accordance with orders from the War Department the two companies of the Fourth Veteran Reserves, First Battalion, now stationed at Camp McClellan, Davenport, Iowa, will proceed without delay to Camp Reno, Milwaukee, Wis., and report for duty to the commanding officer of that post. The quartermaster's department will furnish the necessary transportation.

II. The One hundred and seventy-second Veteran Reserve Corps Company Second Battalion,now at Campo Kinsman, Davenport Iowa, will furnish the necessary orderlies, clerks and office guards in the town of Davenport and men to take care of the sick at Camp McClellan.

By command of Major-General Pope:

JOS. McC. BELL,Assistant Adjutant-General.
HEADQUARTERS DEPARTMENT OF THE NORTHWEST,

Milwaukee, Wis., August 6, 1864.

Colonel C. S. LOVELL, U. S. Army,

Assistant Provost-Marshal-General, Madison:

COLONEL: Your letter of the 2nd instant in answer to mine of the 1st has been received. You know of course that I have in this State no such force as you state that you require for executing the draft. Your letter has been forwarded to the War Department, but what will be the action upon it I cannot say. You know that all the effective men in this department have been ordered to the field by the War Department, leaving in this State only a few companies (three) of the Invalid Corps, not well armed, and not in physical condition for efficient service. I think you had best confer freely with the Governor of the State and endeavor to have as many men as possible of the new regiments authorized by the War Department, mustered into service as rapidly as you can for the protection of the draft. It would be well to rendezvous at least five companies of these new regiments at Camp Washburn as I presume that the danger of riots is far greater in Milwaukee than elsewhere and far more liable to occasion serious results of life and property. Please communicate freely and fully with me on the subject. The feeling in this city is already very bad and is growing worse. Unless there is a considerable force here, and that soon, it is altogether probable there will be trouble. If it can be prevented here it is altogether likely that it will not become serious elsewhere, but if a riot should be successful and make head in this city, it will be hard to tell the extent to which it will spread all over the State. The Governor or yourself should fix the rendezvous of at least five companies of one of the new regiments here. A whole regiment would be better still. Please notify me soon what will be done in the matter.

I am, colonel, your obedient servant,

JNO. POPE,

Major-General, Commanding.
HDQRS. DIST. OF MINNESOTA, DEPT. OF THE NORTHWEST,Saint Paul, Minn., August 6, 1864.

Lieutenant MILES HOLLISTER, Commanding Fort Ripley, Minn.:

SIR: Your dispatch containing details of your interview with Spirit Day, one of the chiefs of the Cass Lake, and Drooping Wind, a brave

