
from the Red Lake band of Chippewas, has been received at these headquarters. While implicit confidence cannot be placed in such representations as they made to you it is the part of wisdom to be prepared for any emergency that may occur, and you are therefore instructed to exercise constant vigilance in the conduct of matters at your post, and to communicate without delay to these headquarters any information which and intentions of Hole-in-the-Day or other Chippewas. Be always on your guard against surprise, and prevent all straggling on the part of the garrison or any of the men comprising it. If necessary and additional force will be ordered to the post. It would be well for you to keep in communication with the U. S. Indian agent, Major Morrill, and with respectable citizens at Crow Wing and other points, while it should be your object to avoid the appearances of alarm or apprehension.

By command of Brigadier-General Sibley:

I am, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

R. C. OLIN,

Assistant Adjutant-General.
HDQRS. DIST. OF MINNESOTA, DEPT. OF THE NORTHWEST,Saint Paul, Minn. August 6, 1864.

Major C. P. ADAMS,

Commanding Fort Abercrombie:

MAJOR: Information has been received at these headquarters that the expeditionary forces under Brigadier-General Sully, including the Minnesota Brigade, have crossed the Missouri River at Long Lake River in search of the Teton bands of Sioux. This movement is altogether unexpected, as General Pope's programme had in view operations by the troops from this district on the north and east of the Missouri, and by General Sully's command proper on the south and west of that stream. The effect is to uncover the Minnesota frontier to the raids of all the bands of Sioux on this side of the Missouri of which they may be disposed to take advantage, necessitating double vigilance on the part of officers and detachments stationed along the line. You will impress upon the several officers of your battalion the necessity of exercising constant and unwearied watch and guard, especially those of them who are in charge of detachments. You will also require from them frequent reports of the condition of affairs in the vicinity of their stations, to be communicated from them to these headquarters.

I am, major, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

R. C. OLIN,

Assistant Adjutant-General.
HDQRS. MILITARY DIVISION OF WEST MISSISSIPPI,OFFICE CHIEF OF CAVALRY.

New Orleans, August 7, 1864.

Major C. T. CHRISTENSEN,

Assistant Adjutant-General:

MAJOR: I respectfully ask, for the benefit of the service, that Brigadier General A. L. Lee, U. S. Volunteers if he can be spared from his present duties, be assigned to the command of the cavalry force now concentrating at Baton Rouge, in General Herron's district. There will be

