
two brigades of 1,500 men each and a battery of horse artillery. This officer (Lee) is said to have more experience in this arm of service than any other brigadier in the Department of the Gulf. By the assignment of a general officer to this force who knows how to provide for and take care of his arm, as well as fight it, much expense will be saved to the Government. I am told the cavalry troops have confidence in General Lee, a great point to begin with. This is respectfully submitted without knowing what other views the commanding general may entertain about the command of this force.

I am, sir, your obedient servant,

J. W. DAVIDSON,

Brigadier-General and Chief of Cavalry.
SPECIAL ORDERS, HDQRS. MIL. DIV. OF WEST MISSISSIPPI, Numbers 90 New Orleans, La., August 7, 1864.

1. The Fourth Wisconsin Cavalry will proceed without delay to Baton Rouge, La., and report to the chief of cavalry of that district. The quartermaster's department will furnish the necessary transportation.

2. In accordance with orders received from headquarters of the Army, Major General H. W. Slocum, U. S. Volunteers, is hereby relieved from the command of the District of Vicksburg, and will, as soon as his successor has assumed command, report in person to Major General W. T. Sherman, commanding the Military Division of the Mississippi.

3. Major General N. J. T. Dana, U. S. Volunteers, is hereby assigned to the command of the District of Vicksburg.

4. Colonel H. Bertram, Twentieth Wisconsin Volunteers, will proceed, with the four regiments under his command to Dauphin Island, Ala., and report upon his arrival there to Major General Gordon Granger, U. S. Volunteers.

By order of Major General E. R. S. Canby:

C. T. CHRISTENSEN,Major and Assistant Adjutant-General.

SPECIAL ORDERS, HDQRS. DEPARTMENT OF THE GULF, Numbers 210. New Orleans, August 7, 1864.

1. The following-named regiments will be immediately held in readiness to embark on the transports Patroon, Josephine, and Saint Charles, at Carrollton, La., at 8 a.m. this day. they will proceed with the utmost dispatch to Dauphin Island. On their arrival they will be reported to Major General Gordon Granger for duty: Ninety-fourth Illinois Regiment Volunteers, Twentieth Wisconsin Regiment Volunteers, Twentieth and Thirty-eighth Iowa Regiments Volunteers.

* * * * *

3. The Sixth Missouri Cavalry is relieved from duty in the Defenses of New Orleans and will report to the chief of cavalry.

* * * * *

By command of Major-General Banks:

C. S. SARGENT,

Acting Assistant Adjutant-General.

