HEADQUARTERS DEFENSES OF NEW ORLEANS,New Orleans, August 7, 1864.

Colonel BARTRAM,

Commanding District of Carrollton:

You will personally superintend the movements of the Ninety-fourth Illinois, Twentieth Wisconsin, Twentieth Iowa, and the Thirty-eighth Iowa Volunteers, which are ordered to Dauphin Island to report to Major General Gordon Granger. They must be on board by 7 a.m. without fail. You will report at what time they are on board and what time the steamer sails.

By order of Brigadier-General Sherman:

OLIVER MATTHEWS,

Assistant Adjutant-General.
HEADQUARTERS DEFENSES OF NEW ORLEANS,New Orleans, August 7, 1864.

COMMANDING OFFICER NINETY-FOURTH ILLINOIS VOLS:

SIR: By direction of the general commanding you will proceed on board of the steamer at Carrollton by 7 a.m. this day, to go to Dauphin Island. Upon arrival at point you will report to Major General Gordon Granger for orders. The steamers Patroon, Josephine, and Saint Charles will be ready to receive such troops as are ordered to that point (Dauphin Island) promptly at 7 a.m. The above is in pursuance of orders received from department headquarters.

Very respectfully,

OLIVER MATTHEWS,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

P. S. - The commanding officer of the district has been ordered to superintend the embarkation, which must not be delayed beyond 7 a.m. on any account. Please acknowledge receipt by bearer.
HEADQUARTERS U. S. FORCES,Morganza, La., August 7, 1864.

TO THE PEOPLE OF THE PARISH OF POINTE COUPEE:

The system of guerrilla warfare now being carried on near the lines of this army must instantly cease. The plundering of inoffensive citizens, and the firing upon and capturing of pickets when hostile armies are not confronting each other, is contrary to the usages of civilized war, and is not productive of any advantage to either party engaged in this lamentable struggle. It could not be maintained for a single day were it not for the aid and comfort given by the citizens of the neighborhoods so infested. It is in their power by refusing to feed and harbor these outlaws, and by giving information of their whereabouts to put a stop to their proceedings. Notice is therefore given that if the general commanding this army is not immediately notified of the presence of guerrillas in any portion of this parish, detachments will be made in sufficient numbers to quarter upon the people, and to eat up or destroy everything which can be made use of by thee marauders for which no compensation will be given. Notice is further given that

38 R R-VOL XLI, PT II

