
until the guerrillas are thoroughly eradicated from this vicinity, no appeals for provisions need be made at these headquarters, for not a single pound of subsistence will be allowed to pass the inner pickets of this command until such time as the citizens have given some evidence that the bounties of the National Government are not thrown away upon an ungrateful people.

M. K. LAWLER,

Brigadier-General, Commanding U. S. Forces.
HEADQUARTERS DEPARTMENT OF ARKANSAS,Little Rock, August 7, 1864.

Major General C. C. WASHBURN,

Memphis, Tenn.:

GENERAL: Yours of August 2 is just received. On the 5th instant I sent all my available cavalry and a four-gun battery to operate against McCray and Shelby. According to report of a spy he must encounter McCray near Searcy to-day. He will probably cross White River at Augusta, and by rapid movements take Shelby in detail. General Buford reports that Dobbin's command, with two regiments of Shelby's recently stripped the plantations below Helena. They got arms, ammunition, &amp;c., from Memphis. Buford is ordered to co-operate with West. If you could send a force to Crowley's Ridge they might break up a gang of smugglers and assist West's operations. I have sent officers to Saint Louis to inspect and ship horses to this department. I am informed that the horses are seized at Memphis. Troops ordered to report to me are also stopped there. By what authority these things are done I have not learned, but it appears to me that mere locality should give no such advantage.

Very respectfully,

F. STEELE,

Major-General.
HEADQUARTERS DISTRICT OF WEST TENNESSEE,Memphis, Tenn., August 7, 1864.

Major General E. R. S. CANBY:

Commanding Military Division of West Mississippi:

GENERAL: Your dispatch of the 2nd received. My belief is that the rebel force that was near Morganza is endeavoring to get across the Mississippi. I have already informed you that I had relieved General Gordon on White River. My effective force is all out with Smith. I hope to make a finish of Forrest this time, and, if so, I shall then have a good force to spare for any purpose that may be wanted. My reports show an apparent rather than a real strength, and look large on paper. Thirty-two thousand effectives are really about 17,000 the rest being 100-days' men, heavy artillery, or dismounted cavalry. On their return from the present expedition I will put them in position at the earliest moment to march anywhere. I inclose you my last telegram* from General Sherman, placing the District of Vicksburg within my command.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

C. C. WASHBURN,

Major-General.

---------------

*See Sherman to Washburn, August 3, Vol. XXXIX, Part II, p. 222.

---------------

