
DONALDSONVILLE, August 7, 1864-6 p.m.

Captain O. MATTHEWS,

Assistant Adjutant-General:

Scott came with his brigade and battery expressly to surprise and capture my detachment. He crossed the Amite River at Civic's Ferry and at Hampton's Ferry, on Bayou Manchac. He marched directly for my camp, took twenty mules from this plantation, eight horses from Mr. Minor's place adjoining, arrested Mr. Page, the lessee of this plantation, whom he by chance met on the road. He went onto no other plantation, and after my successful charge, by which his line was broken, he marched directly back the way he came, taking my sick men, their horses, his wounded, and some camp plunder.

S. P. REMINGTON,

Major, Commanding Eleventh New York Cavalry.

LITTLE ROCK, ARK., August 7, 1864-9.30 a.m.

Brigadier General J. M. THAYER,

Fort Smith:

The general wishes me to say to you that a large force of cavalry under General West has gone in pursuit of Shelby to co-operate with a force to be sent from Memphis by General Washburn. The enemy still threatens Pine Bluff, but has done nothing except to advance his pickets within ten miles of that place. Price is collecting supplies and forming a large depot at Princeton. Steamer Commercial arrived at Devall's Bluff at 6 this a.m. No news of importance. Steamer Alamo passed Lewisburg at 5 p.m. yesterday.

Respectfully,

W. D. GREEN,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

NEW MADRID, MO., August 7, 1864.

Captain EWING,

Charleston, Mo.:

We returned last evening from Arkansas. Had a fight with Lieutenant-Colonel Erwin of the Confederate army. Guthrie, Polk, and Conyers were with Erwin. We completely routed them, killed 45 and captured 52. Among the killed is Jo Hedge. Have young Danforth prisoner; also some other bushwhackers of your county.

H. M. HILLER,

Lieutenant-Colonel.

WESTON, August 7, 1864.

Brigadier-General FISK

Saint Joseph:

The expedition I sent out has returned. Has had two running fights with the bushwhackers; result-1 bushwhacker killed, named Jenkins, 1 mortally wounded, and 5 horses captured; no loss on our side. Major Cranor reports from Platte City that his men had a fight with bushwhackers about for miles north of Platte City, 1 bushwhacker killed and 2 taken prisoners and 3 horses captured. He also

