
shall endeavor to prevent his crossing the Arkansas. If you can send the force you spoke of to Jacksonport, it is my opinion that we could, at least, capture Shelby's artillery, and scatter his conscripts, reported to be some 4,000 or 5,000 in number. I think he is aiming to join Price, who is making demonstrations in his favor. I am not certain but what the best movement you can make would be to land as large a force as you can spare at Napoleon or Gaines' Landing, and move in concert with a force from Pine Bluff and Saint Charles, and cavalry sent from here to threaten his rear, and destroy their depots of supplies at Princeton. Fagan's headquarters are ten miles this side of Monticello, and his troops at that place and on the Arkansas, below Red Fork. Marmaduke's command is said to be near Gaines' Landing. Price has a reserve near the Saline. A lady just from Camden says Kirby Smith is there.

Very respectfully,

F. STEELE,

Major-General.

DEVALL'S BLUFF, July 1, 1864.

(Received 6.50 p. m.)

Captain C. H. DYER,

Assistant Adjutant-General:

The steamer Pike, which left here at 3 p. m. yesterday loaded with refugees, has just returned. She met the Gun-boats 30 and 37 eight miles this side of Saint Charles at 6 o'clock this morning and brings the following letters* addressed to me. Captain Grace, of Gun-boat to pass down this river hereafter without convoy, unless they should be carrying dispatches, and then only in case their boilers are well protected. We have information of a battery at Prairie Landing, heavy firing having been heard at that point.

Very respectfully, &amp;c.,

JNO. RODGERS,

Acting Master, Commanding.

P. S.-Prairie Landing is twenty-one miles from mouth of river, on this side.

J. K. MIZNER,

Colonel, Commanding Post.

LITTLE ROCK, July 1, 1864.

Colonel J. M. MIZNER,

Devall's Bluff:

Has any news been received from the cavalry send down the river from Claredon? What cavalry had already started south from the bluff? Where is the rest going, and how much will it be? Perhaps they will be better without wagons. Scout from Tenth Illinois Cavalry, Huntersville, to-morrow morning for Searcy.

By order of Brigadier General E. A. Carr:

C. H. DYER,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

---------------

*Not found.

---------------

