
ters of the regiment at Memphis, Tenn., with as little delay as possible. The quartermaster's department will furnish the necessary transportation.

* * * * *

By order of Major General F. Steele:

W. D. GREEN,

Assistant Adjutant-General.
SPECIAL ORDERS, HDQRS. DISTRICT OF LITTLE ROCK, Numbers 40. Little Rock, Ark., July 6, 1864.

I. Brigadier General C. C. Andrews, commanding Second Division, will transfer his headquarters temporarily to Devall's Bluff, and assume command of the post in addition to that of the division.

By order of Brigadier General E. A. Carr:

C. H. DYER,Assistant Adjutant-General.
HEADQUARTERS,

Saint Louis, Mo., July 6, 1864. (Received 4.15 p. m.)

Major General H. W. HALLECK,

Chief of Staff:

A dispatch from "H. W. Halleck, major-general," came through the Commercial office last night, ordering me to send the two regiments of 100-days' men to Chicago. One of these regiments is at Rolla, guarding that important deport for two districts, while all our available cavalry is protecting the heavy trains, of 900 wagons, running from thence to Springfield. The other is distributed at Pilot Knob and the most important bridges on the important military railroad. I have no troops with which to replace them. All my cavalry force is operating against the numerous bands of rebels which have come up from Price's army, and are now plundering, murdering, and robbing, as opportunity offers, through the southern, central, and northern part of the State, while the rebel forces occupy Arkansas, between us and General Steele, and there are such dangerous elements at work in our midst that those bridges and depots must be guarded to secure them. I sent these regiments out, and called on the Governor for two regiments of militia, to guard our depots and prisons here. In this condition, as we must replace the troops by some force, and as I see none available but militia, would it not be best to leave these troops here and order out militia at Chicago? Please carefully consider this and instruct me.

W. S. ROSECRANS,

Major-General.
HEADQUARTERS DEPARTMENT OF THE MISSOURI,Saint Louis, Mo., July 6, 1864. (Received 8.35 p. m.)

Major General H. W. HALLECK,

Chief of Staff:

From every district I have calls for troops; even North Missouri calls for help in a telegram just received, as follows:

SAINT JOSEPH, MO.

Brigadier-General Douglass, Enrolled Missouri Militia, writes from Columbia, Boone County, under date of 4th instant, that his and surrounding counties are mostly

