
OPPOSITE DONALDSONVILLE, August 8, 1864-10 a.m.

Major GEORGE B. DRAKE,

Assistant Adjutant-General:

All quiet on our front. A detachment of this regiment came through from Baton Rouge last evening. They saw nothing.

S. P. REMINGTON,

Major, Commanding Eleventh New York Cavalry.
HEADQUARTERS U. S. FORCES,Morganza, August 8, 1864.

Brigadier-General DENNIS,

Commanding First Division, Seventeenth Corps:

GENERAL: Information has been received at these headquarters that the enemy will probably make a dash on the up-river road to-day with a view of capturing our vedettes. The general commanding directs that you send a force of fifty infantry and two commissioned officers up the road with instructions to conceal themselves in the woods near the vedettes and to keep a sharp lookout for the enemy until evening. They will take their dinners and a good supply of ammunition with them.

Respectfully, &amp;c.,

B. WILSON,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

BATON ROUGE, August 8, 1864.

(Received 9.20 p.m.)

Captain OLIVER MATTHEWS,

Assistant Adjutant-General:

I have the honor to report that the Sixth Missouri Cavalry arrived to-day at noon and the First Wisconsin Battery this evening. I sent out a scouting party this morning seven miles on the Port Hudson road, crossed over to the Clinton road, and then returned. Saw no enemy, but received information from reliable sources that Colonel Gibbs crossed the Comite with three pieces of artillery, Ninth Louisiana Infantry [Battalion], and Ninth Louisiana Cavalry [Battalion] consolidated, making 700 or 800 men. This is the same force that fought the Eleventh New York on Doyal's plantation on last Saturday. I have hermetically closed my lines, not allowing anybody to come in or go out until present expedition is fitted out.

W. P. BENTON,

Brigadier-General, Commanding.

PORT HUDSON, August 8, 1864.

(Received 7.45 p.m.)

Major DRAKE,

Assistant Adjutant-General:

I deem it my duty to state that I do not consider the present garrison of this post sufficient for a vigorous defense. The cavalry force is exceedingly weak. I would respectfully recommend increasing this

