
pickets within ten miles of Pine Bluff and a considerable force within supporting distance, but it is my opinion they will not invest the place, although it is generally believed that is their object. The place is fortified and provisioned, and could stand a longer siege than the rebels are capable of carrying on, even without assistance. They are still accumulating supplies at Princeton. I have sent an Arkansas spy company to burn the depot, and I am confident that they will succeed. I wrote you giving my objection against abandoning the post of Pine Bluff. If this should be done navigation on White River would certainly be interrupted, as well as on the Mississippi, and a rich source of supplies opened to the rebels. Without Pine Bluff or some other post on that flank our pickets and forage trains would be constantly attacked and the railroad torn up by rebel cavalry. The fortifications have been destroy them. I shall not abandon the place without positive orders. General Washburn seizes the horses that are shipped to me, or anything else that he takes a fancy to. I have officers at Saint Louis to attend to this matters, but they can't get past Memphis. Very respectfully,

F. STEELE,

Major-General.
HDQRS. SECOND DIVISION, SEVENTH ARMY CORPS,Devall's Bluff, Ark., August 8, 1864.

His Excellency A. LINCOLN,

President of the United States:

DEAR SIR: A cavalry expedition under command of Brigadier-General West moved Saturday from this place and Little Rock, northerly, in the direction of Searcy, to suppress,if possible, the forces under McCray. I sent from here 1,600 effective cavalry, all the effectives I had; 1,100 left Little Rock and 300 were to leave Lewisburg. I have reason to think the expedition will be successful. I have the honor to inclose a poorly printed order. The aggregate of my division now is upward of 15,000. It is, however, a good deal detached.

Yours, very truly,

C. C. ANDREWS,

Brigadier-General.

[Inclosure.]

GENERAL ORDERS, HDQRS. 2nd DIV., 7TH ARMY CORPS, Numbers 27. Devall's Bluff, Ark., August 3, 1864.

The attention of the troops of this division is earnestly invited to the following proclamation of the President:

By the President of the United States:

A PROCLAMATION.

Whereas the Senate and House of Representatives, at their last session, adopted a concurrent resolution, which was approved on the second day of July instant, and which was in the words following, namely:

"That the President of the United States be requested to appoint a day for humiliation and prayer by the people of the United States; that he request his constitutional advisers at the head of the executive departments to unite with him as Chief Magistrate of the Nation, at the city of Washington, and the members of Congress, and all magistrates, all civil, military, and naval officers, all soldiers, sailors, and

