
replace (in part) troops that have been sent to Mobile, and it can only be supplied by you. The order was given after a full consideration of the circumstances east and west of the Mississippi River, and with the belief that you could spare 5,000 men without danger and with but little embarrassment. With A. J. Smith in your front the garrison on the river may be considerably reduced or augmented by the militia without running any great risk. I have already drawn upon the Department of the Gulf for 25,000 effective men, besides Gordon's force, and this force I must now have in order to make the operations against Mobile as effective as possible. Five thousand men will secure the line of the Arkansas and secure Missouri against the danger of invasion by any organized force, and they can only come from your command.

ED. R. S. CANBY,

Major-General.
HDQRS. MILITARY DIVISION OF WEST MISSISSIPPI,New Orleans, August 8, 1864.

Major General C. C. WASHBURN,

Commanding, &amp;c., Memphis, Tenn.:

SIR: Your last three dispatches of the 3rd and 4th instant just received. As early as the 24th of last month I was advised that Smith had received orders to cross the river and re-enforce the troops at Atlanta. General Gordon's force is required to replace other troops that are destined to prevent the crossing, which I think will be attempted between Red River and Vicksburg. The operations against Mobile will be an important diversion in Sherman's favor, and the crossing of the river by Smith's forces must be prevented. Hence the importance of having Gordon's force as soon as possible.

E. R. S. CANBY,

Major-General, Commanding.

GENERAL ORDERS, HDQRS. DEPARTMENT OF THE MISSOURI, Numbers 142. Saint Louis, Mo., August 8, 1864.

The major-general commanding being reliably informed that the operation of General Orders, Numbers 32, current series, from these headquarters,* restricting the purchase and sale of fire-arms and ammunition, is being practically evaded in Northeast Missouri by disloyal residents crossing the river and purchasing in the towns of Illinois bordering on the river, it is hereby declared that such purchases made without the sanction of a permit, as set forth in General Orders, Numbers 32, are in violation of the legal orders of the department, and all offenders will be promptly brought to punishment. The commanding general of the District of North Missouri and the provost-marshal-general of the department and his assistants are charged with the prompt promulgation and execution of the foregoing.

By command of Major-General Rosecrans:

O. D. GREENE,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

---------------

*See Vol. XXXIV, Part II, p. 434.

---------------

