
Will the muster of companies for the different terms into the same regiment be approved, or should the term of all, under the circumstances be reduced to six months?

JOHN B. SANBORN,

Brigadier-General, Commanding.
HEADQUARTERS DISTRICT OF SOUTHWEST MISSOURI,Springfield, Mo., August 8, 1864.

Major MILTON BURCH,

Commanding Neosho, Mo.:

SIR: The inclosed copy* of telegram from Lieutenant-Colonel Cameron, commanding Cassville, Mo., giving information of the forces of the enemy on Cowskin Prairie, is respectfully forwarded for your information and action. The general commanding directs that you will move upon the enemy with all the force that can be spared from Neosho, Granby, and other posts in your section, and attack and destroy or drive him from the State if possible. Having accomplished this duty, you will return with your command to Neosho and forward report of your movements to these headquarters.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

W. D. HUBBARD,

Lieutenant and Acting Assistant Adjutant-General.

SAINT JOSEPH, August 8, 1864.

Colonel E. C. CATHERWOOD,

Liberty, via Cameron:

I learn from various sources that Thrailkill and others are concentrating quite a force in Clay County. One report locates them near Smithville, another on Fishing River. General Pleasonton telegraphs that he has reliable information of their presence on Fishing River, nearly east of Liberty. I trust that you will not fail to find and kill the villains. Your men know the country so well that they ought to be able to easily find their amp and exterminate them. Keep the country too hot for them, and let me hear from your frequently. Give the rebels to understand that their own lives and property are to be put on the altar of safety to Unionists. People who dance must pay for the music.

CLINTON B. FISK,

Brigadier-General.

LIBERTY, MO., August 8, 1864.

Brigadier General C. B. FISK,

Commanding District of North Missouri:

GENERAL: Since my last report the only change is the decrease of guerrillas in this and Ray Counties. We have been hunting them with energy. My horses are badly run down. I now have 100 men out on foot bushwhacking them. We kill a few almost every day. They appear to be going north and crossing the river. in a few days I shall visit Platte. Some twenty men of Captain Kemper's company (K),

---------------

*Not found.

---------------

