
Ninth Missouri State Militia, have re-enlisted in the Thirteenth Missouri Cavalry. I would ask an order relieving them from duty and sending them to Benton Barracks for muster under the orderly sergeant, who had also re-enlisted.

I am, sir, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

E. C. CATHERWOOD,

Colonel, Commanding.

MACON, MO., August 8, 1864.

Major-General ROSECRANS,

Commanding Department:

I just received the news that Frankfort, Saline County, Mo., has been partly burned down by bushwhackers, and that the inhabitants, consisting mostly of discharged soldiers and soldiers' wives and children, have been ordered to leave the town in less than ten days. The town is a German settlement, and has furnished a whole company for the Ninth Cavalry Missouri State Militia, whom I have the honor to command. I do not know what other outrages have been perpetrated besides the burning, but it is more than probable that the devils have committed some of their wanton atrocities. My men request you to send a body of soldiers to protect their families until they are given an opportunity to take them away. If you think it proper, please let me know what you are going to do for these poor soldiers and their suffering families.

ALBERT BRACKMAN,

Captain Co. E, Ninth Cav. Missouri State Mil., Commanding Regiment

AUGUST 8, 1864.

General PLEASONTON:

GLASGOW, MO.

Major-General ROSECRANS:

August 5 New Franfort, Saline County, was visited by guerrillas. Twelve houses were burned and one man shot. The rebels captain notified us to leave our homes before ten days. After ten days he would murder every woman and child he would find and burn the last house. We pray for help. Please send it speedily. Most of our men are in the army. Many helpless women and children pray for your assistance. Please answer immediately.

C. LOUDELL AND OTHERS.

I forward the above for your information and such action as you deem advisable.

O. D. GREENE,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

MEXICO, MO., August 8, 1864.

Major-General ROSECRANS:

Rebels in large force last night near Middle Grove, under Perkins and Davis. I have ordered all the available force that can be spared from Macon to come down the road, disembarking at Allen and Renick. Railroad track torn up six miles below here this morning. I have no force here except town guards. Do not know where Colonel Caldwell's forces are. They have not reported to me yet. Major Bart-

39 R R-VOL XLI, PT II

