
under the control of the enemy; that they are not even to hold to township and county meetings, as contemplated in your General Orders, Numbers 107, and plead for immediate assistance. I can only renew, with increased earnestness, my request that volunteer troops be placed at my command at the earliest possible moment. Governor Hall has thoroughly posted himself touching the condition of the district, and fully concurs in this recommendation. If you can, by any means, give me a regiment of cavalry.

General Ewing says it is impossible to guard the southeast. Rolla is regarded in danger, or the train to Springfield will be hazardous if we withdraw the cavalry to secure the Central District, now overrun, and all our cavalry force out. The 100-days' men guard Osage and Gasconade bridges.

W. S. ROSECRANS,

Major-General.

SAINT LOUIS, July 6, 1864.

Colonel JAMES C. STRONG,

Chicago, Ill.:

The troops are at Rolla, Pilot Knob, and along the railroad guarding bridges, and I have none to replace them until I can get in militia or cavalry. Can't you get militia?

W. S. ROSECRANS,

Major-General.

WARRENSBURG, MO., July 6, 1864.

Major O. D. GREENE,

Assistant Adjutant-General:

I had the honor to telegraph June 26, recommending that two companies of the One hundred and thirty-fifth Illinois be moved from the Gasconade and Osage bridges. I respectfully state that I have not received an answer to the dispatch. Three companies of mounted troops are doing guard and escort duty at Jefferson City, which could be advantageously used in the field while the infantry guarded the capital.

E. B. BROWN,

Brigadier-General of Volunteers.

SAINT JOSEPH, MO., July 6, 1864.

Major-General ROSECRANS,

Commanding Department of the Missouri:

Brigadier-General Douglass, enrolled Militia, writes me from Columbia, Boone County, under date of 4th instant, that his and surrounding counties are mostly under the control of the enemy; that they are not even able to hold township and county meetings, as contemplated in your General Orders, Numbers 107, and plead for immediate assistance. I can only renew, with increased earnestness, my request that volunteer troops be placed at my command at the earliest possible moment. Governor Hall has thoroughly posted himself touching the condition of the district, and fully concurs in this recommendation. If you can, by any means, give me a regiment of cavalry do so, I pray you, at once. The militia cannot be made effective against the number of guerrillas that are accumulating in the river counties. I go to Linn

