
lett is at Sturgeon with small force. Part of his force are after Anderson and part out in the Perche Hills. Scout from Allen yesterday came up with Anderson's gang, killing 1 man, wounding 1, and capturing 2 horses, also revolvers and several guns.

J. B. DOUGLASS,

Brigadier-General.

SAINT LOUIS, MO., August 8, 1864.

General DOUGLASS,

Mexico, Mo.:

Your dispatch received. By communicating with General Fisk you can ascertain the whereabouts of troops in your section and can receive orders from him. It is not proper for you to communicate direct to these headquarters for orders when serving in the district of General Fisk, as you might receive orders from here which would conflict with those of General Fisk and work great mischief. I suggest your frequent conference with General Fisk by telegraph and that you only report information here.

O. D. GREENE,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

FORT LEAVENWORTH, KANS., August 8, 1864.

(Received 2.10 a. m. 9th.)

Major-General HALLECK,

Chief of Staff:

I have returned from upper Arkansas. At Larned divided my forces in all directions, going myself with those scouting southward toward Red River. Could not overtake Indians, but scared them away from Santa Fe route, where stages and trains again move regularly. Have made Distinct of upper Arkansas, assigning General Blunt to command. Have increased and improved the organization of troops, giving stringent orders against allowing Indians inside of our lines. Discharged militia and directed continual caution. The Kiowas, comanches, and Big-mouth Arapahoes are evidently determined to do all the mischief they can. I hope no favor will be offered them by authorities at Washington till they make ample remuneration for their outrages.

S. R. CURTIS,

Major-General.

SAINT JOSEPH, August 8, 1864.

Major C. S. CHARLOT,

Assistant Adjutant-General, Fort Leavenworth:

Learning that a few of my guerrillas had crossed the Missouri and were in Kansas nearly opposite this city, I have just sent a lieutenant and ten men over there to see, catch, kill, and otherwise exterminate them. Do you approve?

CLINTON B. FISK,

Brigadier-General.

