
probable, it is important that orders should be furnished with as little delay as possible. Horses are also required for about twenty dismounted men of Company G, Seventh Iowa Cavalry, now at Council Grove. Government horses should also be furnished to mount Captain Booth's company, Eleventh Kansas Cavalry, who are at present riding private horses, for which Government does not allow any pay. Probably one-half of the horses of this company would pass inspection, and could be purchased by Government, if an officer of the Cavalry Bureau were designated for that purpose. Transportation is also much needed, as well as arms to completely equip the few troops in this district. I understand that Captain Booth's company have forwarded requisition for revolvers, which have not yet been filled. As I have but few men, I hope that they may be thoroughly armed. Sabers we do not want; but carbines and revolvers are essential. I shall send Captain McClure to Fort Leavenworth in a few days for horses, transportation, &amp;c. I hope he may be successful in obtaining what he needs. As soon as I can get what little force I have organized, equipped, and in hand I shall move out on the border to ascertain the situation of affairs. And before starting on such an expedition I would like very much if you could send me a few additional squadrons of cavalry, as a considerable show of force will have much to do in deterring the Indians, if they really are determined to give us serious trouble. Two days ago I forwarded you some papers relative to a conflict between the hostile Indians of the plains and the Pottawatomies. I shall institute measures to ascertain the facts in the case and will report them to you.

Respectfully, your obedient servant,

JAS. G. BLUNT,

Major-General.

GENERAL ORDERS, HDQRS. DISTRICT OF NORTH KANSAS, Numbers 11. Fort Leavenworth, August 8, 1864.

All commanders of steam-boats running upon the Missouri River within the limits of this district will report to Lieutenant-Colonel Stark, Department of Kansas, for orders and instructions. Lieutenant Cassidy, commanding military guard, is charged with the execution of this order.

By command of Brigadier General Thomas A. Davies:

D. J. CRAIGIE,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

JULESBURG, August 8, 1864.

(Received 10th.)

Major S. S. CURTIS:

The Indians are infesting my lines for 500 miles. Have just learned a train was burned at Plum Creek this morning between Cottonwood and Kearny. I must have at least 800 horses or abandon this line of communication, and, if possible, I want the First Nebraska veterans (cavalry) ordered in the field, now at home on furlough. Can I depend on horses? Please reply immediately.

R. B. MITCHELL,

Brigadier-General.

