
come in and threatened his life if he refused provisions; got his horses away and ran them off. Just now the other herder came in and reports six more had come in, one with his arm shot off. He went out pretending to go for horses, but made his way here. This is perfectly reliable. They are at this time nineteen miles above Canon, and I suppose they will try to get on the plains as far south as possible. I greatly fear there are others below.

Truly, yours,

CASSIDY.

FORT KEARNY, NEBR. TER., August 8, 1864.

Colonel ChIVINGTON:

Nine men killed to-day two miles east of Plum Creek. Two women and four children supposed to be taken prisoners; among the latter a Mrs. Smith. Indians attacked three trains; destroyed one and killed all the men on it.

H. KUHL,

Captain, Commanding.
HEADQUARTERS DEPARTMENT OF NEW MEXICO,Santa Fe, N. Mex., August 8, 1864.

Major General SAMUEL R. CURTIS, U. S. Volunteers,

Commanding Department of Kansas, Fort Leavenworth, Kans.:

GENERAL: Owing to Indian troubles upon the plains I have ordered a force of fifty cavalry, fifty infantry, and two howitzers by the Cimarron route to the crossing of the Arkansas, to give assistance to trains en route to New Mexico. This force is provisioned for fifty days and is understood to have left Fort Union on the 4th instant.

I am, general, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

JAMES H. CARLETON,

Brigadier-General, Commanding.

(Same to Colonel John M. Chivington.)
HEADQUARTERS DISTRICT OF FORT CRAIG,Fort Craig, N. Mex., August 8, 1864.

Captain B. C. CUTLER,

Assistant Adjutant-General, hdqrs. Dept. of New Mexico:

SIR: Captain H. A. Greene with his command has just come in. He brings 4 squaws and 2 children and 19 head of cattle; killed 3 Indians and took the scalps. His men are in good health; his animals in good condition. He thinks if he could start out again without delay he can find the Indians in Cayoteio Mountains. The squaws say they are all there. He wishes to take the squaws to Fort McRae in order to obtain as much information as possible. I would recommend that he be sent out without delay, taking the squaws as guides. He is a splendid officer and is truly deserving great credit. There is not time for a more detailed report.

I have the honor to be, captain, yours, &amp;c.,

CLARENCE E. BENNETT,

Lieutenant-Colonel, Commanding.

