
tance between the lakes, which are improperly designated as Kettle Lakes, for the body of water properly so called must be considerably south of your present position. At least, such is the general's impression. You will doubtless have ordered a through examination of the country around with a view of securing a sufficiency of hay for the post during the winter at the nearest and most convenient point. This is very important.

With regard to the request of the Indians for subsistence you will inform them that they must supply themselves with meat for their winter stores, as they have been accustomed to do, and not to depend upon being fed at the public expense. Buffalo are represented to be in abundance not far from where they now are, and they must not expect to live in idleness while the means of obtaining food are so close at hand. As a general rule you will be guided by paragraphs 1202 and 1203, Revised Regulations of 1863, but as it is not the intention of the Government to permit those Indians who have signed the conditions of Peace vouchsafed them should starve, you will use a reasonable discretion in the issue of rations to those of that class who may occasionally visit the post, with a full understanding, however, that relief thus extended is exceptional in its character, and, as a general rule, will not be given. Several of the scouts mentioned in Special Orders, Numbers 337, from these headquarters, have left Gabriel Renville and are no longer on the list. You are authorized to direct the issue of rations to those remaining, with their families, in accordance with the order referred to, and you will duly notify Major Adam,s commanding Fort Abercrombia, of the fact, that he may direct the commissary of that post to case further issues to these people. In case any of the subsistence stores become damaged or unfit to issue to the troops they will be spoiled used for Indian issues. It will be advisable to open a weekly communication with Fort Abercrombie by means of the scouts, so that the mail matter to and from the post can be regularly delivered so long as the season will permit. The deep snows of the winter may indeed interrupt or interfere with the regularity of such deliveries, but it is important that such arrangements should be made for frequent intercommunication between these headquarters and the post under your command as the remote position of the latter will admit.

The visits of the Indians of the lower bands of Sioux, whose homes are on the Missouri Reservation, to the east side of the James River should be prevented as much as possible. They have no business to be found in the region referred to and should be sent back without ceremony, except such as appertain properly to the families of the scouts, and they must be very few in number.

By command of Brigadier-General Sibley:

I am, major, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

R. C. OLIN,

Assistant Adjutant-General.
HEADQUARTERS DISTRICT OF IOWA,Davenport, Iowa, August 8, 1864.

Major J. F. MELINE,

Actg. Asst. Adjt. General, Dept. of the Northwest, Milwaukee, Wis.:

MAJOR: I would respectfully call the attention of the major-general commanding to the strength of the command now left here. I have two companies of the Second Battalion, Veteran Reserve Corps, one at

