
the hospital at Keokuk, and once at Camp Kinsman, Davenport. These Second Battalion men, Major Duncan informs me, are not required to carry muskets and have not been armed at all, so cannot be made use of, except as clerks, orderlies, or in hospitals. I have one company First Battalion, Veteran Reserve Corps, headquarters of company, Camp Kearny, Davenport. This company, with a detail from Camp McClellan, has been guarding the Indians prisoners and doing provost duty in the city. Since the two companies at Camp McClellan have been ordered away I have not been able to have any guard in the city, except over property, and even after reducing the guard this much the men come on duty every other day. This company, which is below the minimum, is the only force in the district that can be called upon if there is trouble about the draft, and then I can only make use of them by putting Second Battalion men to guard the Indians. Even if there is no trouble made with regard to the draft, I think we must have soldiers here to receive the drafted men, and, if possible, I should like a provost guard in the city while the drafted men are here. Lieutenant-Colonel Grier and Major Duncan both inform me that they have no force under their command.

I am, major, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

EDWARD P. TEN BROECK,

Major Sixth Iowa Cav., in charge of Hdqrs. Dist. of Iowa.

CITY POINT, August 9, 1864.

Major-General HALLECK,

Chief of Staff:

The First Regiment U. S. Volunteers, composed of deserters and prisoners from the rebel ranks, is now on duty at Norfolk, I have ordered it to the Department of the Northwest. Please direct Pope to send an equal amount of troops to General Sherman, and if he can send more to do it. My own opinion is that two or three regiments can be sent from the Department of the Northwest without danger. The First Regiment U. S. Volunteers numbers 1,000 for duty, and is a first-class regiment, but it is not right to expose them where, to be taken prisoners, they must surely as deserters.

U. S. GRANT,

Lieutenant-General.

GENERAL ORDERS, HDQRS. MIL. DIV. OF WEST MISSISSIPPI, Numbers 34. New Orleans, La., August 9, 1864.

All moneys received by officers of the army, or agents in the military service of the United States, for sales of seized, captured, or abandoned property, for rents, fines, assessments, taxes, permits, or from any other sources, must be taken up and accounted for in the same manner as any other public moneys; and all officers and agents who have not heretofore accounted for the funds so accruing the received by them will at once make the necessary returns, showing the amounts received, the source and authority under which they accrued, and the disposition made of the amounts coming into their possession. When the officers receiving such funds are disbursing officers of any of the staff departments of the army, the moneys so received and accounted for will be exhibited on the separate abstracts to their regular accounts cur-

