
County to-day and to Chariton to-morrow, thence to Howard. I shall attend several of the county meetings and urge the people to a prompt respect to your order. In many counties of the district the people are already moving with enthusiasm and harmony. I shall visit the most disloyal counties and persons.

CLINTON B. FISK,

Brigadier-General.

LIBERTY, MO., July 6, 1864.

General FISK:

SIR: Having been disappointed in meeting you at this place, as we had been to hear we should do, we have thought proper to make a short report to you. On our return from Saint Joseph we went to work in good earnest, and everything was as favorable as we could have expected, and but for the killing of a few men by the soldiers and a retaliation by the bushwhackers we believe that ere this we could have accomplished all that we, in connection with yourself, had desired. Notwithstanding our arrangements were greatly embarrassed, we had not despaired or relaxed our energies toward the accomplishment of the great object. A just desire upon the part of the military here to inflict punishment upon Taylor and his party of some fifteen for the killing of the two Bigelows has resulted in a sad affair, the killing of two of Captain Kemper's men and the wounding of himself and one of his men. This is truly an unfortunate affair, and we regret it as much as any men possibly can, but you will perceive at once that it was a matter over which we could possibly have no control. Taylor's men were pursued by a scout, and a conflict resulting int he sad calamity above stated was the result. Taylor we understood had promised to leave, and we had hoped that everything would be carried out in good faith. A few days' delay in scouting would have tested the truth of Taylor's promises. We are to-day endeavoring the ascertain what Taylor's intentions are, and you may rest assured that we shall do our whole duty. We are mortified, General Fisk, to have to inform you that our arrangements with another party (C. T.) have been greatly disturbed, if not entirely thwarted, by a party of troops in Platte County, who surprised and killed some 4 or 5 of this men while they were, according to his statement, remaining perfectly peaceable and arranging to leave. he says that he was carrying out in good faith his promises, and had inflicted summary punishment upon one of his men for a violation of his order in relation tot he arrangements. Who were to blame for this unfortunate occurrence we pretend not to say or to know. We only regret that anything should have occurred to mar of disturb the arrangements we had on foot. We are still as anxious as ever to co-operate with you in restoring law and order. We would suggest to you the propriety of organizing our own citizens to aid in keeping the peace, and by no means to send any soldiers from any quarter here. We believe if left alone, that is, with Captain Thomason's company, and if necessary the privilege of raising another, that we could manage and control these men in the brush, and render life and property more secure than if we had 500 soldiers from any other quarter stationed here. We honestly believe that most of our difficulties have grown out of the improper conduct of soldiers who are at home on furlough. We have much to communicate, but cannot conveniently do so by letter. Could you not fix a time to meet us in Liberty and make a speech to

