
rent. Provost-marshals, provost courts, and other agents of that department will make their returns to the provost-marshal-general of the department, district, or other command for which they were appointed. Officers belonging to or serving in any of the staff departments of the army will make their returns to the chief of their departments at the headquarters of the command in which they are serving. Paragraphs 1054 and 1057, General Regulations of 1863, will apply to these accounts, and the abstracts required by department and other commanders will be transmitted with their remarks to division headquarters. In like manner all property taken for the use of the army must be taken up and accounted for as public property.

By order of Major General E. R. S. Canby:

C. T. CHRISTENSEN,

Major and Assistant Adjutant-General.
HEADQUARTERS DISTRICT OF WEST TENNESSEE,Memphis, August 9, 1864.

Major General E. R. S. CANBY:

I inclose my last dispatch* from General Sherman. This takes from me all my effective troops, though he promises to send them back from Decatur, the cavalry and such troops as do not belong to the Sixteenth and Seventeenth Corps. Those that belonged to the Seventeenth Corps I have sent up White River. To make the march to Columbus and thence to Decatur, Ala., and thence here, will take thirty days.

C. C. WASHBURN,

Major-General.
HDQRS. MILITARY DIVISION OF WEST MISSISSIPPI,New Orleans, La., August 9, 1864.

Brigadier General M. BRAYMAN,

Commanding District of Natchez, Miss.:

GENERAL: I am instructed by the major-general commanding to request that you will be pleased to furnish him with a detailed report of the engagement mentioned in the accompanying newspaper article, cut from this morning's True Delta. A report is also desired of an engagement said to have taken place recently at vidalia, La. In future it is desired that copies of all important reports be sent direct to these headquarters at the same time that they are sent to the commanding officer of the District of Vicksburg. This is with a view of saving the unnecessary delay of having the reports go to Vicksburg, and from there to this place.

I have the honor to be, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

C. T. CHRISTENSEN,

Major and Assistant Adjutant-General.

GENERAL ORDERS, HDQRS. DIST. OF EASTERN ARKANSAS, Numbers 51 1\2. Helena, Ark., August 9, 1864.

Whereas raids have been made by rebels in arms upon plantations leased by the Government, and the property of private citizens has been seized and destroyed by them; and

---------------

*See Sherman to Washburn, August 7, Vol. XXXIX, Part II, p. 233.

---------------

