
Whereas the persons of freedmen have been taken, maltreated, and violated, it is ordered:

That reprisals be made upon the property and persons of rebels or rebel sympathizers within the limits of this district, under such restrictions and regulations as may be prescribed by the commanding officer.

WM. CROOKS,

Colonel Sixth Minnesota Infantry, Commanding District.

DEVALL'S BLUFF, August 9, 1864.

(Received 11.30 a. m.)

Captain C. H. DYER:

My scout has just returned from Surrounded Hill. It went out four miles east of Des Arc. The enemy has not been in that neighborhood. Another escaped prisoner has come in, a private captured at Big Creek. He says seventy-two colored soldiers were killed there; none taken prisoners. He thinks Shelby means to move up into Missouri.

C. C. ANDREWS,

Brigadier-General.

LITTLE ROCK, ARK., August 9, 1864.

Brigadier General C. C. ANDREWS,

Devall's Bluff:

If your proposition about moving a force east of White River after Shelby and McCray is approved by General Steele there will be no objection. Nothing has been heard from General West yet. Have you a boat at the Bluff that can go up White River?

By order of Brigadier General E. A. Carr:

C. H. DYER,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

DEVALL'S BLUFF, August 9, 1864-1 p. m.

Captain C. H. DYER:

Have no boat here now but the Celeste. She ran carry only 300 troops.

C. C. ANDREWS,

Brigadier-General.
HEADQUARTERS CAVALRY EXPEDITION,August 9, 1864.

Colonel JAMES STUART,

Commanding Third Brigade:

COLONEL: Make a demonstration of 1,000 men to-morrow on the road to Grand Glaize and Denmark, this force to return by 10 a. m. the day after to-morrow. What guides have you among your own men to conduct this movement? Send the two mountain howitzers over to me early in the morning. Shelby is encamped about five miles above Augusta, and I want to occupy him until the boats come up from Devall's Bluff to cross us. Come over and see me in the morning, if you please.

I am, colonel, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

J. R. WEST,

Brigadier-General, Commanding.

