
LEWISBURG, August 9, 1864-8 a. m.

Brigadier General E. A. CARR:

Major Lovejoy and Lieutenant Carr left for the Rock yesterday evening by land. The transports are aground between Galla Rock and Dardanelle, and have had some work with the guerrillas. I have sent flat-boats to lighten them off, and scout on south side of river to protect the boats. The major and lieutenant will arrive in Little Rock this evening.

Respectfully,

A. H. RYAN,

Colonel.
HDQRS. DISTRICT OF INDIAN, NORTHERN DEPARTMENT,Indianapolis, Ind., August 9, 1864.

Major General W. S. ROSECRANS,

Commanding Department of the Missouri, Saint Louis:

GENERAL: The leaders of the O. S. L. in this State (formerly O. A. K.) claim that they will act on the 16th instant. The leading Democrats are opposed to it. There are 2,000 rebels on my southern line with whom they hope to co-operate. Their movements are watched, but I write to advise you of their plans. The military leaders of the order are desperate and generally worthless, but reckless, so that they can do mischief. There are several guerrilla bands already in this State. I shall deal with them as such. My force is too small, but I hope the new regiments will soon get under way.

Very truly, your obedient servant,

HENRY B. CARRINGTON,

Brigadier-General, Commanding District of Indiana.

WARRENSBURG, MO., August 9, 1864.

Colonel O. D. GREENE,

Assistant Adjutant-General:

Colonel Ford telegraphs from Independence that Quantrill, Todd, Thrailkill, Yeager, Thornton, Taylor, and Anderson, with about 300 men, were encamped five miles west of Greenton, La Fayette County, on the 4th instant, and left on the 5th, dividing into small parties.

A. PLEASONTON,

Major-General, Commanding.

INDEPENDENCE, August 9, 1864.

Captain J. H. STEGER,

Assistant Adjutant-General:

The militia of Bush Bottom, about four miles from here, had a fight with Fletch. Taylor and some of his men last night about 10 o'clock. They ran at the first fire. An old man just reported here that an hour before daylight they stopped before his horse. A man that they called Captain Taylor was badly wounded in the left arm; that it would have to be amputated near the shoulder. Also reports another they called Major Thrailkill was wounded in the back of the head.

J. H. FORD,

Colonel, Commanding.

