
INDEPENDENCE, MO., August 9, 1864.

Captain J. H. STEGER,

Assistant Adjutant-General:

Captain Thomas Moses, returned from a scout last evening, reports that Quantrill, Todd, and Thrailkill, Yeager, Thornton, Taylor, and Anderson, with about 300 men, were camped on the 4th instant on John Campbell's farm, in La Fayette County, about five miles west of Greenton and twelve miles north of Chapel Hill, in Sni timber. They left on the evening of the 5th. Mrs. Campbell told the captain that Todd had 150 men. He came there first with his command on Thursday morning, 4th instant, and left the same evening. They divided up in small parties, and a large party of them came back toward the Blue. I shall have a large foot scout out to-night in that direction.

J. H. FORD,

Colonel, Commanding.

(Copy forwarded to Major Greene, assistant adjutant-general, Department of the Missouri.)

INDEPENDENCE, August 9, 1864.

Major H. H. HEATH:

I have just returned from a scout down in La Fayette County, by Colonel Ford's order. We found camps, from 200 to 500, but they have scattered, but can concentrate in about twenty-four hours. The best information I can get they are waiting for Shelby to come up, and then they contemplated a big raid upon Kansas. Since writing the above the militia has wounded Major Thrailkill in the head and Captain Taylor in the arm, of the guerrillas.

T. C. KELSEY,

Scout.

SAINT LOUIS, August 9, 1864.

General SANBORN:

It would be an endless source of mischief and trouble to muster companies of different terms of service into the same regiment, and it will not be authorized if it can be avoided. The horses that you telegraphed about two or three days since you had better retain at Springfield. We expect to receive telegraphic authority to-day to order their purchase.

O. D. GREENE,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

CIRCULAR.] HDQRS. DISTRICT OF SOUTHWEST MISSOURI,

Springfield, Mo., August 9, 1864.

The general commanding the department has called upon the gallant and loyal people of this district to organize one regiment of volunteers with the least possible delay. From examination and investigation the general commanding the district has concluded that a regiment for twelve months cannot be organized promptly, while one for six months could be raised almost immediately, and therefore announces that the

