
hibited to leave their reservation at present, or until something further is known of their intentions. Also the selling to them of powder in unusual quantities must be prohibited. I desire that you should watch their movements closely and report all the facts you may learn to these headquarters.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

J. G. BLUNT,

Major-General.

EXECUTIVE OFFICE,

Omaha, Nebr., August 9, 1864.

Major General S. R. CURTIS,

Commanding Department of Kansas:

GENERAL: The difficulty with the Indians in the Platte Valley is growing worse every day. Yesterday, as I am informed by the commander at Fort Kearny, trains were attacked and men killed, both above and below the fort. General Mitchell demands more men in order to save the emigrants and the settlers. I understand that the First Nebraska veterans can be retained, but they have no horses. Could you not authorize a few companies to be supplied with horses? The horses can be had if you say so, and just as soon as our other veteran cavalry battalion is filled they will want horses, and these, if not longer needed by the First, could be turned over to them, and by thus managing not a single dollar would be lost to the Government. I shall telegraph you to-night on this subject and your answer may be sent before this reaches you, but as I had a good opportunity of sending this by our fellow-townsman, Mr. Millard, I thought I would write. Mr. Millard is a very reliable gentleman, and he may possibly be able to post you in regard to many matters of interest to you in this part of the country.

With much esteem, I am, very truly, yours,

ALVIN SAUNDERS,

Governor of Nebraska.

OFFICE OF THE U. S. COLLECTOR, FIFTH DISTRICT, STATE OF IOWA,

Council Bluffs, August 9, 1864.

Major-General CURTIS:

MY DEAR SIR: You are probably aware by this time that we were having a great disturbance with the Indians west of us. So far the Cheyennes are the ones engaged in these hostilities, but there is not telling how many of the tribes who are now friends will join them. Mr. G. W. Perkins, an old trader, who has made thirty-seven trips across the plains, was in my office this morning and he tells me that the Pawnees are very anxious to join our troops in an expedition against them, but that their offer is refused on the ground that it is against the policy of the Government to arm one tribe against another. The Omahas also would be glad to join us. Do you not think that in these times of the nation's trial such mawkish sentimentalities should cease? These two tribes could furnish at least 3,000 warriors. In this Indian war they would save us at least the services of 5,000 men, who could go South. Pray, if you can, influence the War Department to authorize the

