
employment of these Indians. They will eventually fight on the one side or the other. Why not make and keep them our friends? I do not know what General Mitchell is about, but have little confidence in these long-haired officers.

With my best regards to your family, I am, very truly, yours,

HORACE EVERETT.

COTTONWOOD, August 9, 1864.

Colonel J. M. CHIVINGTON:

Fourteen men killed by the Indians, and 2 ladies and 1 child taken prisoners. One by name of Mrs. Smith, from Central City, the others not known.

MARTIN B. CUTLER,

Lieutenant Company C.
HEADQUARTERS DEPARTMENT OF THE NORTHWEST,Milwaukee, Wis., August 9, 1864.

Major General H. W. HALLECK,

Chief of Staff of the Army, Washington, D. C.:

GENERAL: I have the honor to report that in accordance with the recommendation in General Ketchum's report and your indorsement thereon, I have ordered the two companies Veteran Reserve Corps stationed at Camp McClellan, Davenport, Iowa, to this place to guard deserters and substitutes and send them to their commands in the field. There is little doubt that there will be some considerable resistance to the draft in this State at various points, especially in this city, in the absence of troops. All the effective force in this department has been ordered to the field from the War Department after several inspections of the department with that view. I don't consider myself authorized, in the face of such action, to order any of them back, even if there were time, which there is not. I shall, therefore, distance of the Veteran Reserve Corps companies in the department, together with such portions of new regiments as may be mustered into service before the draft, in the manner best calculated to afford the necessary military aid. The assistant provost-marshal-generals for Iowa and Minnesota report to me that there is little apprehension of danger in enforcing the draft in these States, and that they only require a small force, which can be furnished by the Veteran Reserve companies in the States concerned. I transmitted to you a copy of a letter received from the assistant provost-marshal-general of this State on the same subject, to which, with my indorsement upon it, I beg to invite you attention. It is proper to state that until General Ketchum's report was received I had no official knowledge of the two companies Veteran Reserve Corps at Camp McClellan, as they had never reported to me. The order of the Provost-Marshal-General was for these companies Veteran Reserve Corps in this department to report to me, except such as were needed by the officers of his department, so that no complete, or even partially complete, reports of these companies has ever been made to me. An order from the War Department directing all Veteran Reserve companies in this department to report to me is needed.

I am, general, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

JNO. POPE,

Major-General, Commanding.

