
GENERAL ORDERS, HDQRS. DEPT. OF THE NORTHWEST, Numbers 26. Milwaukee, Wis., August 9, 1864.

I. Surg. Ebenezer Swift, U. S. Army, having reported at these headquarters in accordance with Special Orders, Numbers 206, June 13, 1864, War Department, Adjutant-General's Office, is announced as medical director of the department, and will be obeyed and respected accordingly.

II. In relieving Surg. T. M. Getty, U. S. Army, from duty as medical director, in order that he may comply with orders received from the War Department, the major-general commanding desires to bear testimony to the ability and fidelity with which he has performed his duties in this department, and to express his regret that the demands of the service should have rendered it necessary that he should be relieved from duty at these headquarters. To his new field of duty Surgeon Getty will carry with him the kind feeling and warm interest of his brother officers in this department.

By command of Major-General Pope:

J. F. MELINE,

Acting Assistant Adjutant-General.
HEADQUARTERS DEPARTMENT OF THE NORTHWEST,Milwaukee, Wis., August 9, 1864.

Brigadier General A. SULLY, Fort Randall, Dak. Ter.:

GENERAL: Your several letters up to July 17, the day before you left Fort Rice, have been received. Of course you are authorized to retain only the infantry at Fort Rice,if you think it judicious, but the post must be left with a force which will render it perfectly secure. It will be too late when your campaign is over to establish the post at Devil's Lake, which must be left until next day. It will be necessary for you to send the Minnesota troops to scour the region between the Missouri and James Rivers to the region of Devil's Lake before they return to Saint Paul. General Sibley reports a large force of Indians between the Missouri and James Rivers, who must be looked after before you close your field operations. Your posts, Fort rice and the post on the Yellowstone, must be left well supplied for a full year, and so well garrisoned that no possible danger of their being captured can arise. It is important in this view that you select the very best officers you have to command them. I trust you will not leave the upper plains until a definite and satisfactory arrangement be made with the Indians. After beating them, such an arrangement will probably not be difficult. A portion of Colonel Thomas' Minnesota force should, on their return to the State, pursue the direct route from Fort Rice to Fort Wadsworth, on the James, so as to open the trail between those posts.

I am, general, respectfully, your obedient servant,

JNO. POPE,

Major-General, Commanding.
HDQRS. DIST. OF MINNESOTA, DEPT. OF THE NORTHWEST,Saint Paul, Minn., August 9, 1864.

Major JOHN CLOWNEY, Commanding Fort Wadsworth:

MAJOR: Herewith inclosed you will find Special Orders, Numbers 176, from these headquarters, appointing J. R. Brown special agent at Fort Wadsworth and vicinity. The object of this appointment is to have an

