
experienced and competent person to communicate with those Sioux Indians who are desirous of a restoration of their former friendly relations with the Government, and thus relieve you from details which might otherwise seriously embarrass you in your labors during the progress of building, &amp;c., at the fort. Major Brown will, however, be directed to report to you, and he will be under your general order and directions. The scouts named in the same special order will be under his particular charge, but also subject to your superior orders, and you will further instruct Gabriel Renville, chief of scouts, with those attached to him, to give all the aid they can to Major Brown in carrying out the object for which he has been appointed.

By command of Brigadier-General Sibley:

I am, major, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

R. C. OLIN,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

[Inclosure.]
SPECIAL ORDERS, HDQRS. DISTRICT OF MINNESOTA, DEPARTMENT OF THE NORTHWEST, Numbers 176. Saint Paul, Minn., August 9, 1864.

* * *

III. Joseph R. Brown is hereby relieved from duty as chief of scouts and chief guide, to which he was appointed by paragraph V of Special Orders, Numbers 124, current series, from these headquarters,and is hereby appointed special military agent at Fort Wadsworth, Dak. Ter., and as such will be borne upon the rolls of the assistant quartermaster at that post from this date, his compensation being fixed at $5 per day until further orders. He will immediately report to the commanding officer of Fort Wadsworth in person for duty, and be under his general orders and direction. He will receive specific instructions from these headquarters.

IV. Scott campbell, Paul Maza-ka-te-mannee, Frank Lee Claire, Cyril Battlirette, Hubert Parisseau, and Pierre Durwan, scouts, are placed under the particular direction of the special agent, subject, however, to the superior orders of the commandant of Fort Wadsworth. Said named scouts will be borne upon the rolls of the assistant quartermaster at Fort Wadsworth from the date they may be or have been dropped from the rolls of the expeditionary force to the Missouri on the terms and conditions mentioned in paragraph II of Special Orders, Numbers 112, current series, from these headquarters.

* * *

By command of Brigadier-General Sibley:

R. C. OLIN,Assistant Adjutant-General.
HEADQUARTERS DEPARTMENT OF KANSAS,

Fort Leavenworth, August 9, 1864.

Major General JAMES G. BLUNT,

Commanding District of Upper Arkansas, Fort Riley:

DEAR GENERAL: Yours of the 6th instant is just received. I am very sorry I missed you. I hoped you might overtake me about Larned, but when I heard of your arrangements I saw it would not be possible,

