
our citizens? They would be greatly pleased to see and hear you, and a visit from you would do more to save the country from destruction than 1,00 soldiers.

We are, sir, your obedient servant,

STROTHER H. McGINNIS.

WEEKLEY DALE.

JOHN R. FULLER.

PAOLA, July 6, 1864.

Major C. S. CHARLOT,

Assistant Adjutant-General, Fort Leavenworth:

Colonel Blair reports that Captain Vittum, Third Wisconsin Cavalry, with a detachment of forty-five men, on the 4th instant, discovered a body of rebels of over 300, at Cow Creek, forty-five miles south of Fort Scott. The captain in skirmishing lost 1 horse, and killed 1 man and 2 horses of the enemy. On the 5th two express riders from Fort Gibson were fired upon at the same place. One was killed; the other was wounded and his horse killed.

THOS. J. McKEAN,

Brigadier-General, U. S. Volunteers, Commanding District.

FORT SCOTT, KANS., July 6, 1864.

Brigadier General T. J. McKEAN:

A small force of bushwhackers were feeling Captain Carpenter's pickets last night at Ball Town, twenty-two miles northeast of here. The guard fired on them, but they got off. Marchbanks is in that neighborhood gathering up recruits for the rebel army. Henry Taylor has about 200 men recruited, scattered in small bands, living mostly on Clear Creek and in the Montevallo country. Major Pickler, 300 men, south of this about Cow Creek, forty-five or fifty miles from here. I think they intended some sort of a concerted movement on the 4th. They have been feeling my pickets in all directions pertinaciously for about two weeks, but they found things too well prepared for them, and gave it up. It is reported by the rebels that Shelby and Jackman are in Northern Arkansas, but that they are not intending to come farther north; that they have ordered all these bushwhackers in Missouri to report to them to enter the rebel army under penalty of being held as traitors and outlaws.

CHAS. W. BLAIR,

Colonel.

PAOLA, July 6, 1864.

Colonel C. W. BLAIR,

Fort Scott:

Direct Lieutenant-Colonel Plumb to occupy Emporia with a detachment of his command of not less than twenty-five men nor more than one company.

THOS. J. McKEAN,

Brigadier-General, U. S. Volunteers, Commanding District.

