
express. That battery must be entirely organized and ready for field service. The guns are at Lawrence and the men at Larned. The Wisconsin battery you will find an excellent one. It will remain in your district at present, but mountain howitzers may hereafter be substituted.

S. R. C.

U. S. NAVAL HEADQUARTERS,

Numbers 148 Canal Street, New Orleans, La., August 10, 1864.

Major-General CANBY,

Commanding Military Division of West Mississippi:

GENERAL: I inclose you a list of men suppose to belong to the torpedo gang. If you will have them sent on board the Sebago as soon as possible I will send them round to be admiral.

Respectfully,

JAS. S. PALMER,

Commodore.

Leonard Rudd, F. M. Tucker, William E. Wilson, torpedo gang.

[Indorsement.]

OFFICE COMMISSARY OF PRISONERS,

New Orleans, August 11, 1864.

Respectfully returned through department headquarters, with the report that the prisoners were delivered, as within directed.

C. W. KILLBORN,

Colonel and Commissary of Prisoners, Department of the Gulf.

SPECIAL ORDERS, HDQRS. MIL. DIV. OF WEST MISSISSIPPI, Numbers 93. New Orleans, La., August 10, 1864.

1. The Seventeenth Ohio Battery will embark as soon as transportation can be furnished and proceed to Dauphin Island, Ala., reporting on arrival there to Major General Gordon Granger, commanding U. S. forces.

* * *

4. The Sixth Regiment Michigan Heavy Artillery, now at Morganza, will proceed to embark for the city of New Orleans, reporting upon arrival there to Brigadier General Richard Arnold, chief of artillery, Department of the Gulf.

5. The following-named regiments, recently transferred from the District of Vicksburg to Morganza, are hereby attached to the Nineteenth Army Corps, Major General J. J. Reynolds commanding: the First Regiment Kansas Volunteer Infantry, the Seventh Regiment Missouri Volunteer Infantry, the Thirtieth Regiment Missouri Volunteer Infantry, the Eighth Regiment Illinois Volunteer Infantry, the Eleventh Regiment Illinois Volunteer Infantry, the Forty-sixth Illinois Volunteer Infantry, the Seventy-sixth Illinois Volunteer Infantry.

6. The following-named regiments, now at Natchez, Miss., are hereby attached to the Nineteenth Army Corps, and will be held subject to the orders of the commander of that corps and in readiness to embark on short notice: the Twenty-eighth Regiment Illinois Volunteer Infantry, the Twenty-ninth Regiment Illinois Volunteer Infantry.

