
7. The Twenty-fourth Regiment Illinois Volunteer Infantry, now at Baton Rouge, La., is hereby attached to the Nineteenth Army Corps, Major General J. J. Reynolds commanding, and will be transferred to Morganza, La., without delay.

8. The One hundred and sixty-first New York Volunteers, now at Morganza, La., is attached to the Nineteenth Army Corps, Major General J. J. Reynolds commanding.

9. Bvt. Brigadier General J. Bailey, U. S. Volunteers, is hereby relieved from the command of the Engineer Brigade, and will report to Major General J. J. Reynolds, commanding Nineteenth Army Corps, for assignment to duty.

* * *

By order of Major General E. R. S. Canby:

C. T. CHRISTENSEN,

Major and Assistant Adjutant-General.
HDQRS. MILITARY DIVISION OF WEST MISSISSIPPI,New Orleans, La., August 10, 1864.

(Received 4.40 p. m.)

Major General N. P. BANKS,

comdg. Department of the Gulf, New Orleans, La.:

GENERAL: I am instructed by the major-general commanding to inform you that he has decided upon taking General Arnold with him on his visit to Mobile Bay, and to request that the companies of the Indiana Heavy Artillery may be sent to Ship Island at once, taking up on their way any ordnance, ordnance stores, or other siege material that General Arnold may designate. I am also instructed to request that the regiment intended for Pensacola Harbor may be sent there as soon as transportation can be furnished.

I have the honor to be, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

C. T. CHRISTENSEN,

Major and Assistant Adjutant-General.

[Indorsement.]

AUGUST 10, 1864-5 p. m.

Order the companies of the Indiana Heavy Artillery forwarded at once to comply with above order. The regiment intended for Pensacola Harbor is the Nineteenth Iowa, of which you spoke to me.

N. P. BANKS,

Major-General, Commanding.
HEADQUARTERS DEPARTMENT OF THE GULF,New Orleans, August 10, 1864.

Major C. T. CHRISTENSEN,

Assistant Adjutant-General:

I have the honor to report that no returns have been received from the troops now serving under Major General Gordon Granger, and to request that he be ordered to have them forwarded, as the consolidated return of the department would be incorrect without them. I also request that the troops that have recently arrived at Morganza be ordered to report to me, in order to complete the department returns.

I have the honor to be, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

N. P. BANKS,

Major-General, Commanding.

