
works: First Fort Jackson, five 30-pounder Parrotts; second, Fort Saint Philip, five 30-pounder Parrotts; third, Fort Macomb, two 30-pounder Parrotts; fourth, Fort Pike, two 30-pounder Parrotts. There are also at Ship Island seven 9-inch Dahlgrens on naval carriages, which I would urgently recommend for the operations in Mobile Bay. All of these guns can best be transported to Ship Island and the complete siege equipment and companies to take charge of each battery told off and concentrated at that place, unless their ultimate destination can be named at once, and it is thought desirable to so move them.

I am, sir, very respectfully, your most obedient servant,

RICHARD ARNOLD,

Brigadier-General and Chief of Artillery, Dept. of the Gulf.
HEADQUARTERS DEFENSES OF NEW ORLEANS,August 10, 1864.

Major DRAKE,

Assistant Adjutant-General, Department of the Gulf:

I am anxious to know positively whether Plaquemine is now within the Defenses of New Orleans. It has heretofore been (I think erroneously) included within the Baton Rouge District. A new district to include the posts of Port Hudson and Baton Rouge has been organized without mentioning Plaquemine. Whilst I highly approve of placing Port Hudson and Baton Rouge under one commander, I equally recommend that Plaquemine be added to the District of La Fourche, forming as it does, a link in the chain of the line of defense on that side of the river. A glance upon the map will convince one that all troops below the Grossetete country, on that side, should be under one commander. Be pleased to reply at your earliest convenience.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

T. W. SHERMAN,

Brigadier-General, Commanding.
HEADQUARTERS DEPARTMENT OF THE GULF,New Orleans, August 10, 1864.

Brigadier General T. W. SHERMAN,

Commanding Defenses of New Orleans:

GENERAL: The commanding general directs that the post at Plaquemine report to Major-General Herron, commanding District of Baton Rouge and Port Hudson. He thinks this necessary, as it would have to be defended from the river or by the river.

I have the honor to be, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

GEO. B. DRAKE,

Assistant Adjutant-General.
HEADQUARTERS U. S. FORCES,Morganza, La., August 10, 1864.

Captain FARRINGTON,

Aide-de-Camp, Major General Reynolds' Hdqrs., New Orleans:

I send down, by Captain D. P. Ballard, my provost-marshal, sixteen Confederate prisoners-Lieutenant Collins, of Wharton's staff, one sergeant, and fourteen privates-mostly belonging to Texas regiments and

