
captured yesterday morning in the vicinity of Williamsport by a force of our cavalry under Lieutenant-Colonel Crebs, Eighty-seventh Illinois Mounted Infantry. I have another party down toward Livonia and Rosedale under Lieutenant-Colonel Gurney, Second New York Veteran Cavalry. They have also been successful in capturing prisoners, but have not returned. The above capture was made without loss on our part. Collins has annoyed us very much and we are glad of his capture.

M. K. LAWLER,

Brigadier-General.

BONNET CARRE, August 10, 1864.

(Received 9.30 p. m.)

Major GEORGE B. DRAKE,

Assistant Adjutant-General:

SIR: I have the honor to report all quiet. Major Remington telegraphs that there is some cavalry opposite Civic's Ferry, on the Amite.

CYRUS HAMLIN,

Colonel, Commanding District.
HEADQUARTERS DISTRICT OF EASTERN ARKANSAS,Helena, Ark., August 10, 1864.

Major General F. STEELE,

Commanding Department of Arkansas:

GENERAL: I have the honor to report that I arrived here at 6 a. m. this date, and delivered your dispatch immediately to Colonel William Crooks, in command of this district, General Buford being absent on leave. Your wishes will be promptly attended to. Colonel Crooks is a West Point graduate and of Sixth Minnesota. He seems to be a man of a great deal of dash and one to be relied on, judging from manner. He has little or no cavalry. Dobbin has a camp about twenty miles from here on Big Creek. He has from 600 to 2,000 men with him, according to circumstances. The arms Shelby got from above are supposed to be from the Sturgis fight. Seventeenth hundred muskets, 100,000 rounds of cartridges, and two pieces of artillery were crossed in flats (this is known) and have gone west. It is Colonel Crook's opinion that Shelby intends crossing the White, above Devall's Bluff, and make south with his conscripts. A regiment of 100-days' men arrived here from Illinois, mostly boys, and food for flux. No signs of guerrillas on the way, but a man recovering the body of his nephew, killed on the Queen City, reports being fired on by two parties at or near Clarendon, three of four days since. The rebels are conscripting everything. Unusual with them, they are taking cattle also. General Washburn (I learn here) has sent, or is about to send, another party after Forrest. General Smith's affair is said here to be rather uncertain. He got out of provisions, had to fall back on Memphis, and Forrest followed him up closely. No unforeseen detention, I shall deliver your dispatch to General Washburn to-morrow morning.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

ARDEN R. SMITH,

Captain and Commissary of Subsistence, 1st Div., 7th Army Corps.

