HEADQUARTERS DEPARTMENT OF THE MISSOURI, INSPECTOR-GENERAL'S DEPARTMENT,Saint Louis, Mo., August 10, 1864.

Major O. D. GREENE,

Assistant Adjutant-General, Dept. of the Missouri:

MAJOR: For the information of the major-general commanding the department, the following extract from the special report of an inspection in Central Missouri, by Brigadier General James Totten, inspector-general, is respectfully submitted:

IV. The headquarters of the District of Central Missouri, under command of Brigadier General E. B. Brown, located at Warrensburg, were inspected. I found the books and records of the district in good condition. The general condition of the troops was as good as the nature of the service in which they are engaged would permit. Considering all the unavoidable disadvantages under which they have labored, I am convinced that General Brown does everything in his power to keep his troops actively in pursuit of the gangs of guerrillas which infest the Central District,and that he is deserving of credit on this score.

I am, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

JOHN V. DU BOIS,

Colonel and Inspector-General.
SPECIAL ORDERS, HEADQUARTERS SAINT LOUIS DISTRICT, Numbers 163. Saint Louis, Mo., August 10, 1864.

* * *

4. Colonel J. F. Tyler, commanding Third Sub-District, will at once order three companies of the One hundred and thirty-fifth Illinois Volunteers to saint Louis, to report to Colonel J. H. Baker, commanding First Sub-District. As soon as practicable the remaining company of that regiment will be relieved and ordered to Saint Louis. The bridges on the Iron Mountain Railroad will be guarded by dismounted cavalry as far as practicable, and if insufficient, details will be made from the mounted cavalry, reducing the details to as small a number of men as in the opinion of the colonel commanding is judicious.

By order of Brigadier General Thomas Ewing, jr.:

H. HANNAHS,Lieutenant and Acting Assistant Adjutant-General.
HEADQUARTERS SAINT LOUIS DISTRICT,

Saint Louis, Mo., August 10, 1864.

Colonel J. F. TYLER,

Plot Knob:

Relieve one of the companies of the One hundred and thirty-fifth Illinois Volunteers from guarding the bridges and order it to Saint Louis to-morrow. Replace it with dismounted cavalry as far as possible It will be necessary to reduce the number of men guarding the bridges to a small force at each bridge until the new regiment is organized.

By order of Brigadier-General Ewing:

H. HANNAHS,

Acting Assistant Adjutant-General.

