
KANSAS CITY, MO., August 10, 1864.

Captain J. H. STEGER,

Assistant Adjutant-General, Warrensburg:

Our scouts come in every day and report small bands of bushwhackers all through the district, but have poor success in catching them. We keep them traveling constantly and prevent them from concentrating in this sub-district. I would now propose that a scout of 120 men on foot, with, say, three or five days' rations, starting in the night, traveling in the brush altogether, be sent after these bands. If it meets the approval of the general commanding, I will go myself in command of the scout. I think by dividing up in parties of twenty to thirty men, lying in ambush for them, I can meet with some success. Please answer.

JAS. H. FORD,

Colonel, Commanding Forth Sub-District.
HDQRS. DETACH. FIRST CAV. MISSOURI STATE MIL.,Marshall, Mo., August 10, 1864.

Captain J. H. STEGER,

Assistant Adjutant-General, Warrensburg, Mo.:

CAPTAIN: Your favor of 8th just came to hand, containing copies of telegrams from citizens of Frankfort and Colonel McFerran, all of which will be attended to. If this large force of rebels are believed to be north of Chapel Hill, Major Kelly would certainly know something of them, and if the rebels want to make a raid upon Boonville it would certainly turn out to our advantage.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

B. F. LAZEAR,

Lieutenant Colonel First Cav. Missouri State Militia, Commanding in Field.

SPRINGFIELD, MO., August 10, 1864.

Major O. D. GREENE,

Assistant Adjutant-General:

There is a force of 500 rebels on Cowskin Prairie, about twenty-two miles from Newtonia. Our troops have had two skirmishers with them. I will try and attack them with sufficient force to drive them away.

JNO. B. SANBORN,

Brigadier-General, Commanding.

SPECIAL ORDERS, HDQRS. DIST. OF SOUTHWEST MISSOURI, Numbers 213. Springfield, Mo., August 10, 1864.

* * *

4. The commanding officers of the posts of Mount Vernon, Newtonia, and Granby, Mo., will immediately send all the available force at their respective posts, with the exception of twenty men at each post, to Neosho, to report to Major Milton Burch, commanding, with six days' rations. Commanders of posts may call out the citizens to aid in protecting their posts while the troops are absent. As soon as Major Burch complies with an order this day issued, the troops will return to their respective posts.

