
FORT SCOTT, July 6, 1864.

Brigadier General T. J. McKEAN:

Corporal Bankson and four men of Company D, Third Wisconsin Cavalry, had a brush with eight bushwhackers on Clear Creek, about thirty-eight miles southeast from here, yesterday afternoon. Routed them, killing 1, a fellow named Loren Griggs, having first killed his horse. None of our men hurt.

CHAS. W. BLAIR,

Colonel.
HEADQUARTERS DEPARTMENT OF NEW MEXICO,Santa Fe, N. Mex., July 6, 1864.

MERRILL ASHURST, Esq.,

Santa Fe, N. Mex.:

SIR: I have been informed that Judge Knapp stated in open court on the 4th and 5th instant in this city, at a session of the supreme court, that this Territory is under a military despotism, and that the civil courts are embarrassed by the military, and that for that reason he would not sit as a judge for the transaction of business until all these embarrassments are removed. The object of this letter is to ask you to make affidavit as to what the judge did say with reference to this subject, and to make affidavit as to the facts as you know them to exist, and whether in all your experience with myself now, or in years past, you have found in me one who obstructed the operations of the civil authorities or the contrary.

I have the honor to be, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

JAMES H. CARLETON,

Brigadier-General, Commanding.

NOTE.- I shall send this note and your reply to the Attorney-General of the United States.

(Same to Charles P. Clever, Samuel Ellison, Theodore D. Wheaton, R. H. Tompkins, and Joab Houghton.)
HEADQUARTERS DEPARTMENT OF NEW MEXICO,Santa Fe, N. Mex., July 6, 1864.

Colonel GEORGE W. BOWIE,

Commanding District of Arizona, Franklin, Tex.:

COLONEL: As a long time has elapsed since the War Department sent orders for me to have the charges inquired into which one Judge Knapp preferred against Brigadier General Joseph R. West, U. S. Volunteers, which charges were sent to you for investigation and report, I beg you will return those charges and report at your earliest convenience, that I may return them to Washington.

JULY 8, 1864.- I have received your letter of July 1, 1864, announcing the arrival within our lines of twenty families of Texan refugees. Please have a carefully prepared list of these people sent to these headquarters, when it will be forwarded to the War Department. The list should give the name in full of each man, woman, and child, arranged in families, and the age and sex of the children, the place where born,

