HEADQUARTERS,Liberty, Mo., August 10, 1864.

Brigadier General C. B. FISK,

Commanding District of North Missouri:

GENERAL: Your telegram is received. There is no truth in the rumor of a camp on Fishing River. One Bill Anderson, with from 75 to 100 men, made up of men from Carroll County and Taylor's band, was yesterday on Camp Branch. I have 200 men after him, both mounted and on foot. I am informed by several parties who should know that both Thrailkill and Taylor have crossed the river to make arrangements for the crossing of these men. We are making it warm for them. They would cross at once if they could do so in safety. No Union men have been killed or property taken since I came here. They fully understand who will be the victims of retaliation. We are using every measures to exterminate the cut-throats. My horses being thin when I drew them, are badly run down, as they are on the move all the time. I am now the only officer in camp for duty-all out. I can hear no operations of troops in Platte; they should be moving night and day. I will report what success we have as soon as I learn. A few go up daily.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

E. C. CATHERWOOD,

Colonel, Commanding.

The Platte County troops should picket all the regular passes from Clay to platte River, with dismounted men in the brush; they fear their own kind of warfare.

MACON, August 10, 1864.

General FISK:

I came to this place yesterday for ammunition and clothing. I shall leave for Fayette this evening. In the race after Holtzclaw by me, recently reported, I wounded three of the guerrillas. The band was seventy or eighty strong. Since then several of them, badly frightened, have sent me communications asking upon what terms they could return to their homes and be loyal, giving various reasons for going into the brush, which are all false. My reply was upon no conditions. Please instruct me in the matter as similar cases may come in future. With the force now under my command guerrillas cannot stay in peace within our reach. The horses captured by me from guerrillas can be used as Government horses. Some scoundrel slandered me outrageously in the Democrat of yesterday.

R. LEONARD,

Major Ninth Cavalry Missouri State Militia.
HDQRS. EIGHTH MIL. DIST., ENROLLED MO. MILITIA,Mexico, August 10, 1864.

Brigadier General C. B. FISK:

GENERAL: I desire to call your attention to the condition of Colonel Caldwell's command, now at this post. The colonel informs me that his men are very badly scattered over the northwest of this district;

