
that in the confusion consequent to the division of his command that men in different drew clothing and articles necessary for their comfort for which the captains had no time to take receipts. The consequence is that they are responsible for a very large amount of properly, and unless these men can be got together and settle their accounts that several of his captains will be ruined. In addition to this he wishes Captain McDermott, Company G, to take charge as commander of his regiment, as I have put him in command of Sub-District of Mexico. And above all, we need the men very badly to drive the rebels out of the country, as they are here in abundance, but not in large bodies, and my original plan must be carried out, and that is to ambush these gentlemen, which I propose to do to your entire satisfaction.

I am, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

J. B. DOUGLASS,

Brigadier-General.

FORT LEAVENWORTH, August 10, 1864.

(Received 10.30 p. m.)

Major General H. W. HALLECK,

Washington, D. C.:

Indians have attacked and killed inhabitants on Little Blue this side of Fort Kearny on Overland Stage route. Stage just arrived at Atchison without passengers. Have requested Governor to send militia after them,and telegraphed commander at Kearny to come down on them if he has force; but forces are scarce in that region. Cannot some of General Sully's command move down to Nebraska?

S. R. CURTIS,

Major-General.

FORT LEAVENWORTH, August 10, 1864.

Governor T. CARNEY,

Leavenworth:

The Indians have attacked the settlements on the Little Blue. Fifteen are know to be killed. I have no Federal troops in that region, and request that the militia be sent after the savages. I will do all I can to bring forces to bear on them.

S. R. CURTIS,

Major-General.

FORT SCOTT, August 10, 1864.

Major-General CURTIS:

Letter just received from Colonel Wattles, dated 6th instant, says the rebels force at Fort Smith has retreated south. No fighting to speak of. Rebels are pretty plenty at Cane Hill; 300 of them passed north into Missouri a few days ago. We have scouts near Maysville.

T. J. McKEAN,

Brigadier-General.

(Copy to General Pleasonton, Warrensburg; General Rosecrans, and to Associated press, Lawrence.)

41 R R-VOL XLI, PT II

