HEADQUARTERS DEPARTMENT OF KANSAS,Fort Leavenworth, August 10, 1864.

Brigadier General S. N. WOOD,

Council, Grove.

GENERAL: Yours of the 30th is before me. I was sorry that I did not find you at home when I reached Council Grove, as I was an entire stranger in that place. I was pleased, however, with the thrifty, substantial appearance of the place, which must become a very prominent position in the State. I notice what you urge in regard to sending more of your troops to the new district. I will bear the matter in mind, but at present will keep the troops together so as to encourage and aid in filling up the regiment which is not yet near full. Your brigade was about the first to get here, and knowing the men had moved hastily I was glad to return them, so they could look a little after their home concerns. I hope, too, they will take hold and assistant in finishing up the defenses which I had directed to be made at your town. Such works will be of great convenience if raids are attempted in that region. I would like to move with a strong force, and one more willing to hold on, in the direction which I went before. If necessary I hope your militia may be on hand for a sixty-day movement. I hope the necessity may not arise, but those Indians can only be punished by a long, persevering, and active pursuit. See that your men have their arms and ammunition always ready, and if I go I shall certainly except you to be along. Your prompt efforts in moving down the 100-days' men prevented your participation in my move to Larned.

Truly, yours,

S. R. CURTIS,

Major-General.

OMAHA, August 10, 1864.

Major-General CURTIS:

Several trains have been attacked and destroyed in the Platte Valley, just beyond Fort Kearny, within the last forty-eight hours, and all the men along with them killed. Citizens have also been attacked and killed, and the danger to our settlements is becoming imminent. Active measures will alone save the settlements up the Platte from complete abandonment. We have not horses for Nebraska (the First). Will you authorize your quartermaster here to purchase for two companies?

A. SAUNDERS,

Governor.

FORT LEAVENWORTH, August 10, 1864.

General R. B. MITCHELL,

Omaha, Nebr. Ter.:

The stage just in the atchison brings news of Indians murdering people on Little Blue. Can troops from Fort Kearny move down on them?

S. R. CURTIS,

Major-General.

