
and the town moved from in Texas, and the reason for leaving that State should be noted. All the men over eighteen years of age must take the oath of allegiance. State the amount and description of stock owned by each man, and the number and description of fire-arms. All who wish to go to California will be permitted to leave. They should have some escort as far as Tucson. Those who desire to stay in New Mexico or go to Colorado will be sent to Santa Fe without delay.

I am, colonel, respectfully,

JAMES H. CARLETON,

Brigadier-General, Commanding.

NOTE.- Please state the name in full of the young man who was killed by the Texans near Fort Quitman, referred to in your letter of the 1st instant.
HEADQUARTERS GARRISON FOR FORT WADSWORTH,In Camp, near Fort Ridgely, Minn., July 6, 1864.

Captain R. C. OLIN,

Assistant Adjutant-General, District of Minnesota:

SIR: Having met with many unexpected delays since my arrival at this post, and being anxious to get on the road, I shall order Company K, Thirteenth Regiment, to move to the ferry at the agency and put it in order, it being reported to me to be in an unfit condition for crossing. I have been compelled to make details to cooper and secure packages delivered to Captain Overton, commissary of subsistence, to make fit for transportation. I shall leave here on the 9th instant at furthest, and I hope to be able to move on the 8th. I also find some of the horses furnished to scouts almost entirely unfit for service.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

JOHN CLOWNEY,

Major Thirtieth Regiment Wisconsin Volunteer Infty., Commanding

GENERAL ORDERS, WAR DEPT., ADJT. General 'S OFFICE, Numbers 225. Washington, July 7, 1864.

* * * * *

II. Major General J. J. Reynolds is assigned to the command of the Nineteenth Army Corps, as reorganized. This assignment will not affect General Banks' position as commander of the Department of the Gulf.

By order of the President:

E. D. TOWNSEND,

Assistant Adjutant-General.
HDQRS. MILITARY DIVISION OF WEST MISSISSIPPI,New Orleans, July 17, 1864.

Major General H. W. HALLECK,

Chief of Staff of the Army, Washington, D. C.:

SIR: I have the honor to inclose a statement showing the regiments and strength of the force ordered to report at Fort Monroe:

The First and Second Divisions of the Nineteenth Army Corps have been prepared for the field and will require nothing except transportation. I do not send the Third Division as it is now the only force that

5 R R - VOL XLI, PT II

