
LITTLE ROCK, ARK., August 11, 1864.

Brigadier General C. C. ANDREWS,

Devall's Bluff:

Send the accompanying dispatch* to General West by land, and keep a copy to go by boat. Get the boat ready to go on the arrival of the train to-morrow, unless you can make up enough of ammunition, in which case get the boat off at daylight.

By order of Brigadier General E. A. Carr:

C. H. DYER,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

LITTLE ROCK, August 11, 1864-7 p.m.

Brigadier General J. R. WEST,

Commanding Cavalry Expedition:

GENERAL: There is no boat at Devall's Bluff but the little Celeste. I send her with the ammunition asked for as soon as it can get to the Bluff, and whatever else there is available that you want. Let me warn you not to take the reports of citizens and rebel soldiers as indications of the intentions of the rebel leaders. These reports are started to deceive. If you go across the river do not uncover the road for the attack of Jackman. Make a strong demonstration against him, and leave a small force. Remember you have all our available cavalry. Both General Steele and myself are of opinion that you had now better follow McCray and cross where he crosses, should he do so, but being on the spot, and having the latest information, you must use your own judgment.

E. A. CARR,

Brigadier-General, Commanding.

LITTLE ROCK, ARK., August 11, 1864.

Colonel A. H. RYAN,

Lewisburg:

Keep your scouts out well toward the east and northeast. General West is at Augusta.

By order of Brigadier General E. C. Carr:

C. H. DYER,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

[AUGUST 11, 1864.-For Washburn to Sherman, in relation to operations in Arkansas, &amp;c., see Vol. XXXIX, Part II, p.242.]
HEADQUARTERS DEPARTMENT OF THE MISSOURI,Saint Louis, August 11, 1864.

Major O. D. GREENE:

SIR: In accordance with verbal instructions from the general commanding, I started for Pilot Knob, Mo., July 22, to construct a redoubt at that place, and have the honor to report as follows: At the position selected for the work I found the soil with only a depth of from one to

---------------

*See next, post.

---------------

