
two feet, and was therefore compelled to erect the work with timber. I proposed to make the walls of the parapet with logs, filling up the interior with stone and as much dirt as might be procured from a shallow wide ditch outside. A great deal of the timber has been cut and the laying of the logs commenced. I would respectfully recommend that Lieutenant Fessler, Sergeant Vogeli, and Privates Dick and Haldeman, of Company G, First Missouri State Militia, be permanently detailed for the work and report to my successor, as they are now temporarily on that duty and understand what is required.

I have the honor to be, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

AMOS STICKNEY,

First Lieutenant, U. S. Engineers.

PILOT KNOB, August 11, 1864.

Lieutenant H. HANNAHS:

I did not know it was absolutely necessary the company should get in last night or should have ordered an extra train with them. I sent them off on first train after the order was received. Will have extra train take the company through to-night that you now wish. I will send up the other company to-morrow, as you say it must come, but I have not enough men to relieve half of it. I have no dismounted cavalrymen, and the troops ordered to report here from Cape Girardeau have not arrived. My pickets have now been on duty for sixteen days, because I have no men to relieve them. I have had all my disposable force at work on the fort, but now have stopped work up there because there are no men to work.

J. F. TYLER,

Colonel, Commanding.
HEADQUARTERS DISTRICT OF CENTRAL MISSOURI,Warrensburg, Mo., August 11, 1864.

Major HENRY SUESS,

Chief of Cavalry, Glasgow, Mo.:

Following just received and is forwarded for your information:

SAINT LOUIS, August 11, 1864.

Major-General PLEASONTON:

Provost-marshal has information from rebel prisoners that Todd, with 400 men, crossed river from Saline County north near Miami; that a force is expected up from Shelby, and object of Todd's crossing is to secure ferries for crossing Shelby's force.

FRANK S. BOND,

Major and Aide-de-Camp.

By order of Major-General Pleasonton:

J. H. STEGER,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

GLASGOW, August 11, 1864-4.30 p.m.

Major-General PLEASONTON,

Warrensburg, Mo.:

Numerous squads of guerrillas are leaving Saline, going west. Eleven houses were burned at Frankfort last Saturday, mostly belonging to soldiers now in service and discharged. Loss $15,000. One

