
discharged soldier was brutally robbed and murdered. Prominent secessionists living south of that place certainly directed this piece of devilment, and I earnestly recommend that they should pay the damage. I shall be at Boonville to-night.

HENRY SUESS,

Major and Chief of Cavalry.

WARRENSBURG, August 11, 1864.

Major HENRY SUESS,

Steamer Fanny Ogden, Boonville:

Ascertain and report by telegraph the names of secessionists concerned in the destruction of property at Frankfort, with a view to their being made to pay the damage; or, if possible, collect the amount yourself and report.

By order:

J. H. STEGER,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

SAINT LOUIS, August 11, 1864.

Brigadier-General SANBORN:

Use your best efforts to secure all the lead from Blow's mines in reach of the rebels. We want all the lead we can get, and don't want the enemy to get any. The matter will be in your hands under this instruction. Mr. Blow, agent, will act under instructions through or from you as to safety in working the mines.

W. S. ROSECRANS,

Major-General.

SPRINGFIELD, MO., August 11, 1864.

Major O. D. GREENE,

Assistant Adjutant-General:

I have received a letter from Lieutenant Burns, former provost-marshal here, dated August 1, at Fort Smith, in which he says the rebels made an attack there the day previous with infantry and artillery, and continued the attack till night, and opened the fight again early on the morning of the 1st instant, and that we had driven back their line of skirmishers that day, but the battle was progressing. He speaks of no advantage gained by either party, and the rebel force does now exceed 6,000. The rumors brought through by the mail-carriers tally with all-that there was fighting at Fort Smith and Van Buren on the 5th instant, and that a force of 4,000 had crossed to the north side of the river. It is very difficult to communicate from Fayetteville to Fort Smith.

JNO. B. SANBORN,

Brigadier-General, Commanding.
HEADQUARTERS DISTRICT OF SOUTHWEST MISSOURI,Springfield, Mo., August 11, 1864.

Lieutenant-Colonel CAMERON,

Commanding at Cassville:

You may send forward the dispatch to Captain Bowlin, with the statement that troops will be sent to help him out as soon as they can

