
FORT LEAVENWORTH, August 11, 1864.

General FISK,

Saint Joseph, Mo.:

I shall call at Saint Joseph, en route to Omaha, for the little howitzer, which I hope you will have ready to return. When does the packet leave Saint Joseph?

S. R. CURTIS,

Major-General.

MEXICO, MO., August 11, 1864.

General FISK:

I have information that the rebels have concentrated some 250 men in the vicinity of Middle Grove and threaten to attack Paris. I have not force sufficient to send out to attack them. Can only act on the defensive with bodies of that size. Would like to have the balance of the First Iowa Cavalry if you can spare them.

J. B. DOUGLASS,

Brigadier-General.

SAINT JOSEPH, August 11, 1864.

General J. B. DOUGLASS,

Mexico:

The First Iowa detachment here cannot at present be spared. I have no other troops of consequence at Saint Joseph, and they are continually scouting. Why don't your order out every militiaman you have in the district until you can drive out the murderers? You ought not to hesitate a moment. Call out your troops and put down the bushwhackers. Every soldier in the Eighth District is subject to your command. You have four companies of the Seventeenth Illinois Cavalry, seven companies of the Ninth Cavalry Missouri State Militia, and four companies of the Third Cavalry Missouri State Militia, the Iowa troops, and Enrolled Missouri Militia. You ought to concentrate the Ninth Cavalry to use against the guerrillas in force, and hold posts with militia. The people must be made to take care of the towns. Let the troops fight the guerrillas and take care of the country. Who leads the bushwhackers at Middle Grove?

CLINTON B. FISK,

Brigadier-General.

GLASGOW, MO., August 11, 1864.

Brigadier General C. B. FISK,

Saint Joseph, Mo.:

DEAR GENERAL: Your esteemed favors of July 23 and 25 were duly received and contents noted and appreciated. We should have replied to them promptly but for the following facts: Our Mr. B. W. Lewis was quite ill at time of their receipt, and has been confined to his room ever since until to-day. Our Mr. J. W. Lewis was absent in Saint Louis some two weeks; besides, the writer was unusually busy with military and business matters, marching and countermarching; hence the delay. Thank God, we still survive and hold Glasgow. How long we can boast of this it is hard to tell, for I am firmly of the opinion that the knights of the brush have it in their power to crush us out at this point whenever they think it policy to do so. They are constantly moving on all sides of us in squads of from eight to forty.

