
GENERAL: I learn that our militia have taken some horses in Chariton County from notorious sympathizers who have sons that have joined the knights in their late raids. I would like to know how far this will be countenanced by you, as the men are only in for four months. I think it is perfectly right to mount our boys on all this class of horses that they can find, even if they have to be given back at the expiration of the four months' service. I have many things that I would like to lay before you, general, if we could only meet personally, for I assure you things have changed materially in this vicinity since you were down, and I regret to say not for the better. Can you not, general, pay us a visit, if only for a day or two? We would feel highly gratified to have you come and see for yourself how matters stand.

Very respectfully, your friend,

B. W. LEWIS, Sr.

Per DAVIS.

P. S.-The writer's regards, who has become a little demoralized of late.

PAOLA, KANS., August 11, 1864.

Lieutenant-Colonel HOYT,

Olathe, Kans.:

Assume command of the troops in Johnson County and send Major Anderson to Aubrey. Send report to-morrow why the baggage of Company F was ordered to Mound City.

T. MOONLIGHT,

Colonel.
HDQRS. SUB-DIST. NO.3, DIST. OF SOUTH KANSAS,Paola, August 11, 1864.

Captain HENRY PEARCE,

Commanding Company C, Eleventh Kansas Cavalry:

On your arrival at Coldwater Grove and before the departure of Company F, now there, you will, through the officers and men of that company, acquaint yourself with the section of country around. As it is from Missouri we expect danger, daily scouting will be kept up in that direction, and a close watch will be kept of the Grand River timber, where the guerrillas will be most likely to concentrate if contemplating a raid into Kansas. As soon as you discover any signs or demonstrations which lead you to believe that a force is organizing for a dash into Kansas, promptly notify these headquarters, as also Rockville on the south and Aubrey on the north. Construct a sufficiently strong and large stockade, if it is not already done, so as to protect your camp and cover your horses, and in which you may defend yourself against 400 men until re-enforcements reach you. Instruct and impress upon your men the necessity of cultivating the acquaintance of the citizens around. They must be our friends, and to keep them so their lives and property must be respected. To-day they are our friends, and to you I look for a continuance of that friendship and support. When scouting into Missouri care must be had that nothing is disturbed. The farms are nearly all laid waste with the houses tenantless, so that there is little to induce men to break ranks. You will have a fine opportunity

