
west of this point, the Indians will be obliged to fall upon the settlements next for plunder. It seems as if they were determined to pick up all the stock possible and kill all they can overpower. The people of Saline County met in mass-meeting this afternoon "to devise ways and means to protect themselves and property from the ravages of the red-skins." I would state here, general, my urgent need of more cavalry horses to mount my company. I have as yet only eight Government horses, the balance (thirty) being private.

All of which is respectfully submitted.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

HENRY BOOTH,

Captain Co. L., Eleventh Kansas Vol. Cavalry, Commanding Post.
HEADQUARTERS DISTRICT OF COLORADO,Denver, August 11, 1864.

Major General S. R. CURTIS,

Department of Kansas:

SIR: I have the honor to state that I have carefully looked over the entire Arkansas River route from Fort Larned to the canon where the river enters the Rocky Mountains, especially so that part of the route above Fort Lyon, and am prepared to state as my deliberate judgment that Fort Lyon ought to be removed to a point on the Arkansas River, seventy-five miles above where it is now situated, and where the upper line of the Arapahoe and Cheyenne reservations [sic]. At this point there is plenty of grass for haying and grazing, and the greatest abundance of wood to be found anywhere on the upper Arkansas River. There should be another post established at the Cimarron Crossing. There is at that place, or sufficiently near, grass for hay and grazing. The only drawback is wood. I passed the route with John Smith, who is well posted, and he says that wood in limited quantities may be had at a distance of fifteen or twenty miles. This I cannot state as of personal knowledge, but Smith is without a doubt well posted, as I found him at home by night and day on the whole route. If timber for fuel can be found at this crossing it is of all things the point for a post between Larned and Lyon, and should our national troubles terminate soon these posts should be needed but a few years, as then we should be able to either kill of those Indians or make them settle on reservations and go to work, and I confess the former of these propositions looks most feasible to me. Of this last point I do not speak so positively, but of the first I don't think here is a doubt. Everything connected with building a post is more accessible than at any other point for the defense of the route and settlements on the river. The buildings at Fort Lyon are not tenable, and will have to be abandoned soon or rebuilt.

I am, sir, with respect, your obedient servant,

J. M. CHIVINGTON,

Colonel First Cavalry of Colorado, Commanding District.

FORT LEAVENWORTH, August 11, 1864.

Colonel CHIVINGTON,

Denver:

If militia can take care of settlement send volunteers down to strengthen Platte route. Let your quartermaster buy horses.

S. R. CURTIS,

Major-General.

