
FORT LEAVENWORTH, August 11, 1864.

Governor EVANS,

Denver, Colo., Ter.:

Arms can be issued to a Federal officer in command of militia in actual service. I wish you would give me facts, so I may know our disasters. I go to Omaha to aid in the protection of overland mail, which should not give up. All that can be done will be.

S. R. CURTIS,

Major-General.

DENVER, August 11, 1864.

Major-General CURTIS,

Fort Leavenworth:

The overland line is about withdrawing stock from the plains for want of protection. Unless troops can be stationed along the line to patrol it our supplies will also be cut off. I fear the telegraph will be cut, too. We have but few arms here, of an inferior quality, with damaged ammunition. The alliance of all the tribes, as I have reported to you, is now undoubted. If they sweep west, as they probably will, we shall be in great danger of being destroyed. Our two regiments of Colorado troops ought to be sent out at once, and we should have at least 5,000 additional troops sent along the route. Would it not be well to defend the Overland Stage route at all hazards? This will give us the best protection for travel, as the line might be patrolled. The troops you telegraphed were coming to this line I understand have all gone up the North Platte to Laramie, and that Colonel Collins is not on his way to our line. What can we expect?

JOHN EVANS,

Governor Colorado Territory.

I have just come up the line from the Missouri, and fully concur in the above. Have already stopped mail and passengers and ordered stock off the road.

GEO. K. OTIS,

General Superintendent Overland Stage Line.

FORT LEAVENWORTH, August 11, 1864.

Governor JOHN EVANS,

Denver:

Am fully posted. Do all you can with militia. I will do my utmost to keep lines open.

S. R. CURTIS,

Major-General.
HEADQUARTERS DEPARTMENT OF NEW MEXICO,Santa Fe, N. Mex., August 11, 1864.

COMMANDING OFFICER,

Fort Wingate, N. Mex.:

SIR: I believe the Zuni Indians are acting in bad faith to us; that they advise Navajoes not to surrender, and sell powder and lead to the Apaches, who live in the Sierras Blanca and Mogollon. Send a prudent,

