
Hole-in-the-Day will be able to effect his desired plans, but I deem it prudent to let you know of the information obtained if you have not received it already from other sources. Am still waiting teams to transport my stores. Regards to Mrs. Sibley and family.

Very sincerely, yours,

T. M. NEWSON.

HELENA, ARK., August 12, 1864.

Major C. T. CHRISTENSEN,

Asst. Adjt. General, Mil. Div. of West Mississippi:

I have the report that I am now inspecting this post and expect to be at Memphis about the 18th instant.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

N. J. T. DANA,

Major-General.

NEW ORLEANS, August 12, 1864.

Lieutenant BLANKENSHIP,

First Indiana Artillery, Lakeport, La.:

Remain where you are. The Tamaulipas will arrive for you on Sunday to take you to destination. You will take on board but one 30-pounder Parrott at each fort, and but 100 rounds of shell at Fort Pike. How are you off for rations? If short, draw from commissary at Pike.

RICHARD ARNOLD,

Brigadier-General and Chief of Artillery.
HEADQUARTERS NINETEENTH ARMY CORPS,Morganza, La., August 12, 1864.

Major General J. J. REYNOLDS,

Commanding Nineteenth Corps, New Orleans, La.:

GENERAL: I returned yesterday afternoon from a three days' raid with the cavalry, which I accompanied at the request of General Lawler. I deem it proper to communicate to you my observations in regard to the efficiency of the cavalry forces of the corps as developed on this occasion, and what is here said in regard to a portion will hold true in regard to the whole. This detail was 200 men of the Second New York Veteran Cavalry and fifty men of the Eighty-seventh Illinois Mounted Infantry. The orders were to raid it down the Grossetete and neighboring country. The object was to break up the guerrilla bands which infest that section. But few small bands were met. These were better mounted than our men, and in only one instance were we able to run them down. Indeed, most of the horses of the Second New York were tasked to their utmost to keep up with the main body, which traveled at a walk the whole distance. I am informed that a very large number of these horses have been condemned but are continued in use because there are none to be had to supply their places. The horses of the Eighty-seventh Illinois are much better and are really serviceable. I would recommend that the cavalry commander be instructed to establish, at some convenient point, a horse hospital, where all sick and disabled horses could be sent and treated. With rest, two or three weeks would build up a very large proportion of the horses which are now

