
condemned as worthless. It would be well to treat all the horses of the Second New York in this way. I am fully satisfied that, as matters now stand, not more than one-half of our cavalry can endure a campaign of two weeks. There is much neglect of the horses and it would have a wholesome effect if a few transfers to infantry were to be made of those men who are most neglectful. I can see no good to come from the raids made through this country, and would respectfully suggest that as much be intimated to General Lawler. Two hundred men can accomplish more good with less expense than twice the number and the enemy can offer no opposition which fifty men cannot overcome with ease. The First Texas should be brigaded with the Second New York if the Fourth Wisconsin is not to return here. I have made these suggestions quite as freely as though I were a member of your personal staff instead of one holding a very undefined relationship, and I trust that, if not approved of, credit will at least be given for a good intention.

I am, general, respectfully,

FREDERIC SPEED,

Assistant Adjutant-General.
HEADQUARTERS U. S. FORCES,Natchez, Miss., August 12, 1864.

Major C. T. CHRISTENSEN,

Assistant Adjutant-General:

SIR: I have had foraging and scouting parties in the country east of here obtaining information. Rebel officers and detachments, from whom I have information in many ways, have gone south, as all agree, to attack Baton Rouge. A crossing only may be intended, but I am persuaded that Baton Rouge is menaced. A detachment under Colonel Lay, another under Powers, have left our front in that direction.

Yours, &amp;c.,

M. BRAYMAN,

Brigadier-General, Commanding.

DEVALL'S BLUFF, ARK., August 12, 1864-10 a.m.

Captain C. H. DYER,

Assistant Adjutant-General, Little Rock:

I can raise two kinds of the ammunition and full quantity for General West. Think of sending the boat in half an hour. Will put a few mounted men on the boat to land above Little Red River with one copy of dispatch.* Starting from here they would have to go round by West Point, and it would take two days.

C. C. ANDREWS,

Brigadier-General, Commanding.

DEVALL'S BLUFF, August 12, 1864-12 m.

Captain C. H. DYER:

Shall not send the Celeste until train arrives. The Kate Hart has just come up with commissary stores and private freight; no forage. No other boat coming. She left Memphis Sunday. Was not fired into.

C. C. ANDREWS,

Brigadier-General.

---------------

*See Carr to West, August 11, 7 p.m., p.652.

---------------

