
DEVALL'S BLUFF, August 12, 1864-2.10 p.m.

Captain DYER:

The Celeste has just started with 100 infantry and thirty cavalry, ammunition, bridge-building tools, &amp;c.

C. C. ANDREWS,

Brigadier-General, Commanding.

PINE BLUFF, ARK., August 12, 1864.

Major-General STEELE:

I think there is no doubt but that the enemy have withdrawn their force from the Arkansas River. Marmaduke has gone to Old Lake and Cabell has taken his command to the south side of the Saline, above Mount Elba. If the enemy occupy the Arkansas River valley for any other purpose than that of foraging I think they have changed their plans. Fagan has gone to Camden to meet Price, Kirby Smith, and others in a council of war. I sent the veterans of the Sixty-second Illinois and Third Minnesota, together with four companies of the Fifth Kansas, whose terms have expired, to Little Rock this morning; the number in all 670 men. The First Indiana Cavalry ought to be relieved, as their term expires as a regiment on the 19th of this month. The sending away of these troops at a time when the sick list is so great has reduced my command very much. I leave if for you to judge whether or not their places should be supplied by other troops.

POWELL CLAYTON,

Colonel, Commanding.

LEWISBURG, August 12, 1864. (Received 8 p.m.)

Captain C. H. DYER,

Assistant Adjutant-General:

Lieutenant-Colonel Fuller returned this evening from scout to Clinton, Kinderhook, Richwoods, and Wiley's Cove; reports that country swept of everything; all the men from fifteen to fifty gone to Shelby. No forage or bacon left in the country. Reports Colonels Freeman and Coffee at Batesville with 2,500 men. Heard nothing of General West. Scout killed 1, captured 12.

A. H. RYAN,

Colonel.
HEADQUARTERS DISTRICT OF THE FRONTIER,Fort Smith, Ark., August 12, 1864.

Lieutenant Colonel W. D. GREEN,

Assistant Adjutant-General:

SIR: I have to report the enemy have retreated to a point about fifty miles from here on the Fort Towson or Doaksville road, and were in camp there two days ago. I cannot yet determine what their further intentions are.

Very respectfully,

JOHN M. THAYER,

Brigadier-General, Commanding.

