
VAN BUREN, August 12, 1864.

General THAYER:

Our troops under Captain Beeler, of Thirteenth Kansas, attacked a party of bushwhackers last night twenty-five miles northeast of here, and a severe engagement ensued. Several of our men were wounded. Among the number Captain Beeler, mortally wounded in the abdomen. I have just sent an ambulance and escort out to the party to bring in the wounded. I do not know the loss of the enemy.

THOS. M. BOWEN,

Colonel, Commanding Post.

VAN BUREN, August 12, 1864.

General THAYER,

Fort Smith:

The mail party of the Sixth Kansas under Lieutenant Anderson was attacked this morning thirteen miles from here on Lee's Creek by over 200 men. The main is lost; also a sutler train, and but seven out of the whole party of ours have as yet arrived or been heard from. Our party numbered about seventy. Lieutenant Anderson is here awaiting orders.

THOS. M. BOWEN,

Colonel.
HDQRS. COMPANY E, SIXTH CAVALRY MISSOURI VOLS.,De Soto, Mo., August 12, 1864.

Lieutenant J. C. BRADEN,

Acting Assistant Adjutant-General:

LIEUTENANT: I have the honor to state that in compliance with instructions from sub-district headquarters I proceeded down the Mississippi River as far as Cape Girardeau. From the most reliable information I can obtain, Rotten Rock is the principal crossing place of guerrillas from Missouri to Illinois. Troops stationed at Rotten Rock will command both Rush Tower and Selma.

I have the honor to be, very respectfully, lieutenant, your obedient servant,

R. H. MONTGOMERY,

Captain, Commanding.
HEADQUARTERS DISTRICT OF SOUTHWEST MISSOURI,Springfield, Mo., August 12, 1864.

Lieutenant-Colonel CAMERON,

Commanding at Cassville:

You will detail fifty men in addition to the present escort to escort the train and horses moving toward Fayetteville. If this leaves you too weak at the post, call in fifty men from White River during their absence. If these fifty men go mounted, you will instruct them to go through to Van Bureau and escort Captain Bowlin and his train back, making no stop except at night. If the captain is not ready to leave when this escort arrives it will immediately return without him. Inform Colonel Harrison that the force on Cowskin was only about 250 men, Pickler's old command, and did not stand for a fight. A force is now out after them.

JOHN B. SANBORN,

Brigadier-General, Commanding.

