
&amp;c. I hope he may be successful. If I can get sufficient horses to mount what cavalry there is in my district and obtain three or four additional squadrons I believe I will be able to protect the Santa Fe route and also the country on the Republican, if that territory should be added to my district, as I mentioned to you in my letter of the 10th instant. I desire, as soon as I can get things in shape, to make a pilgrimage over the western part of my district and superintend matters personally. The fact being known that I am moving about on the frontier will give a feeling of security to the frontier settlements, where considerable alarm exists at present, and I may possibly have the good luck to steal a march on the red devils and give them a chastising, which is the only thing that will do them good-a little killing. The last telegraphic report received here gives some indications of successful operations at Mobile. I trust that it may prove true, for the general prospect during the last few days has not been very flattering. We do not move on to Richmond quite as fast as the country had expected. Give my regards to Mrs. Curtis and Mrs. Julia and also to your military family.

I remain, with high regard, yours, truly,

JAS. G. BLUNT.

P. S.-What are your views in regard to the building of a military telegraph from Fort Leavenworth to this point?

J. G. B.

OMAHA, August 12, 1864. (Received 11 p.m.)

Honorable E. M. STANTON:

I have called out the militia to assist in punishing the Indians on our frontier. Will you authorize the ordnance officer here to issue arms to the militia troops? Answer by telegraph.

A. SAUNDERS,

Governor of Nebraska.

COTTONWOOD, August 12, 1864.

Major-General CURTIS:

Am I to have any aid in horses or men in this district? I have 600 miles of country invaded by Indians, all within four days. Yesterday there was another attack on the road near Laramie. From the South Pass to within forty miles of Nebraska City there have been constant raids on the road for four days, and for three weeks the same thing has been done from Fort Laramie to South Pass. I am concentrating at strong points along the road all citizens and trains for their own protection. The citizens are generally without effective weapons. I have positive proof that there are white men, guerrillas, in large numbers aiding the Indians against us. I have ordered the horses bought.

R. B. MITCHELL,

Brigadier-General, Commanding.

