
OMAHA CITY, NEBR. TER., August 12, 1864.

Major C. S. CHARLOT,

Asst. Adjt. General, Dept. of Kansas, Fort Leavenworth, Kans.:

Just received following from General Mitchell:

COTTONWOOD, August 12, 1864.

Have horse equipments for every dismounted soldier instanter. Say to Governor if he does not order out militia the Territory will be laid waste.

ROBT. B. MITCHELL,

Brigadier-General.

Four hundred horse equipments are needed for First Nebraska Cavalry, and nearly as many more for other dismounted men. Colonel Livingston's requisition goes forward to-day. If the stores are not at Leavenworth cannot they be procured at Saint Louis?

JNO. PRATT,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

FORT KEARNY, August 12, 1864.

Captain JOHN WILLANS:

All the mounted men at this fort (fifty) started for the Blue this morning. Had to station a portion of this command at Plum Creek.

Your obedient, servant,

S. W. SUMMERS,

Colonel, Commanding.

FORT LYON, COLO. TER., August 12, 1864.

Honorable JOHN EVANS,

Governor and Superintendent of Indian Affairs:

SIR: The Indians are very troublesome. Yesterday a party of fifteen chased a soldier within three miles of the post. Lieutenant Cramer with fifteen men pursued them. After a chase of fifteen miles the Indians halted an gave fight. We killed 2, wounded 2 more, and captured 2 horses. They then retreated toward Sand Creek. Our horses were so much exhausted that our men were unable to pursue farther. Last evening an expressman was driven back by four Indians. There is no doubt but large parties, since the re-enforcement of Larned, have come up the river and are now in this vicinity. I fear the work at the agency will have to be abandoned if troops cannot be obtained to protect it. I have made application to Major Wynkoop for troops. He will do all he can, but the fact is we have no troops to spare from here. We cannot ascertain what Indians they were, but I fear that all the tribes are engaged. The Arapahoes that I have been feeding have not been in for some time. It looks at present as though we shall have to fight them all.

S. G. COLLEY,

U. S. Indian Agent, Upper Arkansas.

DENVER, August 12, 1864.

Major General S. R. CURTIS:

Indians have appeared near here. No militia organized for the field, and law no account. Troops all out after Indians and guerrillas; can't send any down Platte yet.

J. M. CHIVINGTON,

Colonel, Commanding.

43 R R-VOL XLI, PT II

