
You see, then, general, how difficult and unfortunate it is to take away any of the troops mentioned before they are replaced by others, and that even if taken away they consist of fragments of regiments and companies, some of whom are really not fit for service south, and are all very small in number. All the rest of the troops in the department (with the exception of companies Veteran Reserve Corps) are with Sully. As I have stated, he marched on the 18th of July from Fort Rice toward the Yellowstone, expecting to find the Indians somewhere on the way. He is doubtless now returning to Fort Rice. I has already determined as soon as he returned to send south the entire Eighth Regiment Minnesota Infantry, who are with him and mounted. They will return to Minnesota as rapidly as possible from Fort Rice, and will be immediately sent south. I will in addition send a force south equal at least in number to the regiment rebel deserters being sent me, probably more. If Sully is as successful as there is little doubt he will be, I shall send from this department in addition to the Eighth Minnesota Infantry the Sixth Iowa Cavalry and the Thirtieth Wisconsin Infantry. A large part of these can be sent, I have no doubt, from Saint Paul and Sioux City by the last of September, nearly if not quite as soon as I could send for and bring in to Saint Paul the detachments first mentioned.

All the transportation in the department is now with Sully, with very small exception, and the great difficulty will be to get the troops you are sending to the frontier. I will do all I can to hurry up matters. God knows, general, how glad I would be to send every man in this department either to General Grant or General Sherman, where I know that more men are needed, and I regret as much as my man can that I am compelled to make this report. I will do all that is possible in the case.

I am, general, respectfully, your obedient servant,

JNO. POPE,

Major-General, Commanding.
HDQRS. DIST. OF MINNESOTA, DEPT. OF THE NORTHWEST,Saint Paul, Minn., August 12, 1864.

Major General JOHN POPE,

Milwaukee:

GENERAL: In the critical and complicated state of our Indian relations, I have the honor to offer for your consideration certain facts and suggestions, with reference to the present condition and the future of the savages embraced within this district, which may be of some value to the Government in determining the policy to be adopted:

The number of these Indians is, including men, women, and children, approximately as follows: Remnant of the Madewakanton, Wahpaton, and Sisseton Sioux, who participated more or less actively in the outbreak of 1862, not including the prisoners at Davenport, Iowa, and those removed to the Missouri Reservation, 450 lodges, containing 2,700; bands of Yanktonais in the region of Devil's Lake, 1,000 lodges, 6,000; Sisseton Sioux and Cut-Heads, who did not join in the massacres of 1862, and who are generally inclined to peace, 200 lodges, 1,200; aggregate of the several bands of Chippewas in Minnesota, 6,900; total, 16,800. Estimating one warrior to each five individuals, which is about a fair ration, you will perceive that there are on the Minnesota frontier, or within striking distance of it, nearly 3,500 warriors, of whom about 1,800 are now actively hostile, 250 desirous of

