
Quinn, the other one, was compelled to remain over at Fort Wadsworth in consequence of his horse giving out. On leaving here these scouts went directly to White Bear Lodge, on the Cheyenne, from there out on the Coteau, and then back by way of Fort Wadsworth. Old Joe reports having seen several places where considerable numbers of the Indians had recently been encamped. One camp was found where Indians had been the night previous, with some fresh buffalo meat still near the fire. Joe thinks from the signs left that this was the camp of some Chippewas on a buffalo hunt. On the Coteau he saw five Indians, whom he is certain were Sioux. As soon as they observed him three of them hid behind a swell in the ground while the other two beckoned him to approach, but being alone he thought discretion the better part of valor and dashed away from them as rapidly as his jaded horse would carry him. These Indians were all dismounted. A private of Captain Donaldson's company, by the name of Baldwin, deserted from the hospital at this post last night. He had been confined in the guard-house for some time under charge of desertion. About two weeks since he was taken quite sick, and at the request of Doctor Braun was taken to the hospital. Some time during the early part of last night he managed to elude the watch on duty in the hospital and made his escape. He was a British subject, and resided at or near Fort Garry prior to enlisting. He will doubtless make his way back to the British settlements. I hope Captain Donaldson may fall in with him and bring him back. Everything quiet here. It affords me pleasure to inform you that the discipline and efficiency of this command has been greatly improved within the past two weeks. Our sick report is very large, including the light-duty men. Scurvy is making its appearance among the men. We need a supply of beans, potatoes, &amp;c., very much. These things are said to be on the way here, but the train conveying them will probably not reach here for several days yet.

I am, captain, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

C. POWELL ADAMS,

Major, Commanding Post.
HEADQUARTERS FORT RIDGELY,August 12, 1864.

Captain R. C. OLIN,

Assistant Adjutant-General, District of Minnesota:

CAPTAIN: By direction of Colonel Pfaender, I have to report to you that a party of marauding Indians have been at Vernon, ten or twelve miles south or southeast of Garden City. Last night a man by the name of Root was shot and his son wounded by them. They stole eight or ten horses and moved off toward the west. Colonel Pfaender received the intelligence about 10 a.m. this morning, and by 11 o'clock was on his way down the line with twenty-eight men, with strong hopes of being able to cut off the marauders. The reports here do not show with any definiteness the number of Indians in the party. Only two are spoken of as actually seen. A detachment of twelve men, commanded by Lieutenant McGrade, was dispatched this afternoon up to the Redwood, upon representation of Captain Davis, a surveyor, that two or three Indians had been seen within a few days morning down from the Redwood. They are believed to be a part of the gang which committed the outrages at Vernon. Will give you the earliest information of importance received hereafter this outrage and its denoument.

H. J. CURTICE,

Lieutenant and Post Adjutant.

