HDQRS. MILITARY DIVISION OF WEST MISSISSIPPI,New Orleans, July 7, 1864.

Major General N. P. BANKS,

Commanding Dept. of the Gulf, New Orleans, La.:

GENERAL: The commanding general directs that the following regiments be at once ordered to this city and directed to report to Major General J. J. Reynolds: The Eighth Indiana, now at District of La Fourche; Eleventh Indiana, now at Thibodeaux; Forty-seventh Indiana, now at Thibodeaux; Ninety-seventh Illinois, now at New Orleans; Ninety-ninth Illinois, now at Donaldsonville; Twenty-first Iowa, now at District of La Fourche; Twenty-fourth Iowa, now at Thibodeaux; Twenty-eighth Iowa, now at Thibodeaux; Twenty-third Wisconsin, now at Baton Rouge; Twenty-ninth Wisconsin, now at Kennerville.

I have the honor to be, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

C. T. CHRISTENSEN,

Major and Assistant Adjutant-General.
HEADQUARTERS DEPARTMENT OF THE GULF,New Orleans, July 7, 1864.

Major C. T. CHRISTENSEN,

Asst. Adjt. General, Military Division of West Mississippi:

SIR: I have the honor to acknowledge the receipt of your communication of even date, and to report that, in accordance with the instructions therein conveyed, the following regiments have been ordered to New Orleans, the commanding officer to report immediately upon arrival to Major General J. J. Reynolds: Eighth Indiana Volunteers, Eleventh Indiana Volunteers, Ninety-ninth Illinois Volunteers, Twenty-first Iowa Volunteers, Twenty-third Wisconsin Volunteers, Twenty-ninth Wisconsin Volunteers. The commanding officer of Ninety-seventh Illinois Volunteers has also been ordered to report at once for orders to General Reynolds, his regiment being now in this city. The Forty-seventh Indiana Volunteers, Twenty-fourth Iowa Volunteers and Twenty-eighth Iowa Volunteers received orders of the same purport on the 6th instant and are now on their way to Algiers.

Very respectfully, sir, I remain, your obedient servant,

N. P. BANKS,

Major-General, Commanding.

JULY 7, 1864.

His Excellency Major-General BANKS,

Commanding, &amp;c.:

GENERAL: The inclosed items are from a gentleman well known to me who has recently been in Richmond, Atlanta, Montgomery, and Selma.

Faithfully, and very respectfully,

--- ---.

P. S.- There is a report here to-day from the interior that Sherman is in Atlanta.

