
BATON ROUGE, August 13, 1864. (Received 10.35 a.m.)

Brigadier General T. W. SHERMAN,

Commanding Defenses:

The Eleventh New York Cavalry has been ordered to report to me. It was with reference to them that I telegraphed you. They are assigned to the Second Brigade of First Cavalry Division, Department of the Gulf.

F. J. HERRON,

Major-General.

[Indorsement.]

DEFENSES OF NEW ORLEANS,

August 13, 1864.

Respectfully referred to department headquarters.

General Herron asked (see telegram sent to department headquarters an hour since) me to inform him of the dividing line between the Defenses of New Orleans and District of Baton Rouge. I replied that no orders exist on the subject to my knowledge, but that the dividing line between District of Carrollton and District of Baton Rouge I always held to be Manchac Bayou and acted accordingly heretofore, and that I have now a regiment of cavalry near there. That reply produced this telegram from the general. Anything further on this subject I suppose will be regulated at department headquarters.

T. W. SHERMAN,

Brigadier-General, Commanding.

PORT HUDSON, August 13, 1864-10 a.m.

Major GEORGE B. DRAKE,

Assistant Adjutant-General:

Natchez Courier of yesterday reports Atlanta captured, with great loss on both sides. This account rests upon Union and rebel reports. One, said to be from medical director of Sherman's army at Nashville, says a terrible battle was fought on the 4th and 5th at Atlanta, in which Sherman took that city; immense loss to both armies, probably 50,000 killed and wounded on both sides. We took 17,000 prisoners. Confederate rumors are that a battle has been fought at Atlanta, the most terrible and destructive of the war. Loss heavy on the rebel side; but gives no other results.

GEO. L. ANDREWS,

Brigadier-General, Commanding.
HEADQUARTERS DISTRICT OF LA FOURCHE,Thibodeaux, La., August 13, 1864.

Captain OLIVER MATTHEWS,

Asst. Adjt. General, Defenses of New Orleans:

I have received the letter of Major Drake addressed to the commanding general of the defenses, in which the major-general commanding the department desires my opinion as to the loyalty of the planters in this district. There is no question but a large share of the small farmers,

