
laborers, mechanics, and a portion of the merchants in this district are truly loyal, but the old and original planters as a mass can be set down as enemies of the Government. The most of them have been so much intimated by the strength and power of the Government that they have no clear notion of the final success of the rebellion, but the live with a constant desire for the restoration of the old order of labor, and, consequently, are on many occasions found throwing obstacles in the way of the new system, making frivolous and lying complaints and instituting complaints between the present and the past detrimental to the present system. This class the Union people here call copperheads. Another class are still worse in their enmity to the Government. They give us to understand that they only bide their time; that it will not always be with them as it is now. They evince no fear of rebel raids, but seem to covet them. Their wives and daughters, who have not been compelled to take the oath, are loud in their contempt for the Government, and delight in flaunting emblems (not flags) which are known in the community to be evidence of boasted treason. Both of these classes, the galvanized rebels and the copperheads, oppose the policy of the President in spite of their "iron-clad oath." Both may be counted upon as opposed to the new State constitution or anything looking to the permanent establishment of free labor. We have been too lenient with perjured traitors in this district. Provost-marshals and other officers have allowed themselves to be dined and wined into a blindness to their covert treason, while the poor Union men have felt it and have been cowed by it. I cannot now mention the name of any one especially against whom I can bring such proof as would satisfy the critical, as I have taken no pains to collect evidence, and do not remember the complaints or even the conversations I have heard, and can now only speak from impression; but I will take paints to watch some of the worst, and when tangible evidence can be obtained I will again communicate with you. The month of July passing without the expected raid, and our late success in Mobile Bay, has done much to soften those bitter rebel feelings and keep them more quiet, but I have no doubt but that a few relieved of the assistance and protection of the Government would have a wholesome influence upon the rest. I am not only willing but anxious to assist and labor for the suppression of this as well as the armed forms of treason.

I remain, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

R. A. CAMERON,

Brigadier-General, Commanding District.
HEADQUARTERS DISTRICT OF WEST TENNESSEE,Memphis, Tenn., August 13, 1864.

Colonel CROOKS,

Commanding District of Helena:

COLONEL: The officer (Colonel Moore) that I sent to occupy Saint Charles reports that he thinks that he ought to have some more men. I beg to request that if they can possibly be spared from Helena you will send to Saint Charles one of the 100-days' regiments that I sent to Helena from here.

Respectfully, yours,

C. C. WASHBURN,

Major-General.

