HEADQUARTERS DISTRICT OF LITTLE ROCK,Little Rock, Ark., August 13, 1864.

Lieutenant Colonel W. D. GREENE,

Asst. Adjt. General, Hdqrs. Dept. of Ark., Little Rock, Ark.:

COLONEL: Two men came in from General West, names Frank Lovejoy, Company I, Tenth Illinois Cavalry, B. F. Davis, Company G, Fourth Arkansas Cavalry; verbal dispatch:

Left General West at Searcy Landing (south side) about 9 p.m. 12th. General West is going to move up the Little Red fifteen miles on the 13th; also going to send a party to Jacksonport. General West left the neighborhood of Augusta on the morning of the 12th; has had a party across White River. Hears that Shelby is at Jacksonport crossing toward the west side of White River, and that he intends to try to cross the Arkansas. His scouting party toward Jacksonport is to ascertain the truth. General West has some twenty-five prisoners. General West has provisions enough for eight days. If he has to fall back for provisions will fall back to Lewisburg. Will watch Shelby and fight him whenever he can meet him. He is going to send the train to Devall's Bluff, by way of Hickory Plains, on 13th, with sick amounting to about seventy.

I am going to send a dispatch to him immediately.

Respectfully,

E. A. CARR,

Brigadier-General, Commanding.

DEVALL'S BLUFF, August 13, 1864-1 p.m.

Major General F. STEELE,

Little Rock:

A deserter from Cabell's command who has been in Mayberry's company two months has just come in. The brigade he was in (Slemons') on Wednesday morning last marched from their camp twenty miles below Pine Bluff toward Mount Elba. On Thursday morning he deserted, leaving them on Bayou Bartholomew on the march. It was understood to be a general falling back. The hospital had been at Mount Elba for some time. It was reported the command would be dismounted for want of forage.

C. C. ANDREWS,

Brigadier-General, Commanding.

LITTLE ROCK, ARK., August 13, 1864.

Colonel RYAN,

Lewisburg:

General West came to Searcy Landing last night and was to go fifteen miles up Little Red to-day.

E. A. CARR,

Brigadier-General, Commanding.

LEWISBURG, August 13, 1864. (Received 7 p.m.)

Captain C. H. DYER,

Assistant Adjutant-General:

Captain Hinkle has just sent in 10 prisoners, captured near Quitman; one of them is a brother of Colonel Witt and claims to be an

