
officer. He states that McCray is falling back and our forces advancing; that Shelby has gone down White River with the intention of crossing the river lower down.

A. H. RYAN,

Colonel.

LITTLE ROCK, August 13, 1864-12 m.

Colonel P. CLAYTON,

Pine Bluff:

Your dispatch just received. A deserter from Cabell's command reports the same movements of the rebels. Kate Hart arrived at Devall's Bluff last night. There are newspaper reports that the rebels are moving toward Morganza, La., and that General Canby is moving troops in the same direction. Not much news of a decisive character from Grant and Sherman. Our troops undertook to carry a hill at Petersburg which commanded the enemy's works, but were stampeded by the report that the hill was mined. Our loss was considerable. A truce was granted to bury our dead; some of our officers were taken prisoners. The Atlanta papers say Hood will lose his whole army in three weeks at the present rate. Hooker asked to be relieved because he was not put in McPherson's place after the latter was killed. Papers say he is to have an important command, even to supersede Meade. I hope such insubordination will not be thus encouraged. Steamer from Pine Bluff arrived this morning. General West is after Shelby with force enough to beat him. It is my intention to send you a force that will enable you to attack the rebels wherever you may meet them on West's return.

F. STEELE,

Major-General.

GENERAL ORDERS, HDQRS. DEPARTMENT OF THE MISSOURI, No. 144. Saint Louis, Mo., August 13, 1864.

The following is the organization of the department staff as at present constituted. It is announced for the information and guidance of all concerned:

Major O. D. Greene, assistant adjutant-general and chief of staff; Captain Frank Eno, assistant adjutant-general; Captain Ben. M. Piatt, assistant adjutant-general; Captain J. F. Bennett, assistant adjutant-general; Colonel William Myers, additional aide-de-camp and assistant quartermaster, chief quartermaster; Colonel Lewis B. Parsons, additional aide-de-camp and assistant quartermaster, chief of transportation; Captain Gideon Scull, U. S. Volunteers, chief commissary of subsistence; Colonel F. D. Callender, major, U. S. ordnance, chief of ordnance; Colonel John V. Du Bois, additional aide-de-camp, chief of cavalry; Captain E. McK. Hudson, Fourteenth U. S. Infantry, inspector-general; Colonel Nelson Cole, Second Regiment Missouri Artillery, chief of artillery; Colonel J. P. Sanderson, Thirteenth U. S. Infantry, provost-marshal-general; Colonel B. L. E. Bonneville, U. S. Army, chief commissary of musters; Lieutenant Colonel N. W. Brown, deputy paymaster-general, U. S. Army, chief paymaster; Surg. Madison Mills, U. S. Army, medical director; Major Frank S. Bond, senior aide-de-camp; Captain J. P. Drouillard, additional aide-de-camp;

