HEADQUARTERS,Neosho, Mo., August 13, 1864.

[Lieutenant W. D. HUBBARD:]

LIEUTENANT: Please inform the general that I leave this post for Cowskin Prairie at 5 this morning. I have 300 men; will have about forty more to-day. No news. Major Burch thinks we will be able to get a fight to-day or to-morrow unless news was carried from Springfield or on the road.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

J. J. GRAVELY,

Colonel, Commanding.

SAINT JOSEPH, MO., August 13, 1864.

Colonel O. D. GREENE,

Assistant Adjutant-General:

I have received your telegram, together with that of General Douglass. I have ordered the general concentration of the seven companies of Ninth Cavalry Missouri State Militia, in the district, and use them in force against the guerrillas. The companies organized under General Orders, No. 107, with other Enrolled Missouri Militia, and the citizens must take care of the towns while the troops are crowded into the brush after the rebels. General Douglass seems to have utterly failed in getting his militia force even organized. Has not been able as yet to get two companies into service to guard the bridges on the North Missouri Railroad, or a sufficient force to stand guard at his own headquarters. I hope very soon to receive aid from the new regiments organizing. If a portion of them can be speedily mounted we can drive out the bushwhackers. Colonel Catherwood estimates the guerrillas in Clay County at 300, an overestimate probably. My troops are constantly moving and fighting the guerrillas successfully.

CLINTON B. FISK,

Brigadier-General, Commanding.

WESTON, August 13, 1864.

General FISK:

I have received no report to-day from Platte City, but I believe that Major Cranor's command has left there and are on their march eastward. I am prepared for fight with my own immediate command, but the militia not yet in fighting trim. I have to-night twenty-one of them on picket to give my men rest. General, I await your orders.

H. HILLIARD,

Major, &amp;c.

WESTON, August 13, 1864.

General FISK:

Major Cranor's command has been entirely withdrawn from Platte City without my knowledge. Where they are is not known as he has not reported to me in a week. A part of my men went four miles beyond Platte City to-day and learn that the bushwhackers are concentrating above the Goose Neck. I have 400 militia and my own

