
placed on a war footing to chase and kill their desperado organized expedition, to follow him until he is dead; and compel this party to be exclusively an Anderson extermination party. Bushwhack him with dismounted men, and compel citizens to co-operate in the chase after him. If he will not fight you, fight him.

CLINTON B. FISK,

Brigadier-General.

CHILLICOTHE, August 13, 1864.

General FISK:

My messenger has just returned from Carrollton. The captain commanding there writes me as follows:

I have kept scouts on the river near Miami constantly for the last two weeks and no force has crossed, unless they have crossed to-day. I have sent scouts out both above and below on the river, and will inform you of the result as soon as they return. My information all tends to the conclusion that there is no rebel force in Carroll.

J. H. SHANKLIN,

Colonel, Commanding.

SAINT JOSEPH, August 13, 1864.

Colonel J. H. SHANKLIN,

Chillicothe:

Major McDermott will reach Breckinridge about 2 o'clock to-morrow morning by railroad, with 100 of the First Iowa Cavalry. He will debark and march toward Tinney's Grove. You will send out your party under good officers, to report to Major McDermott and form a junction with him between Easterville and Tinney's Grove. Colonel Barr telegraphed me that Anderson will probably rest to-night near Tinney's Grove, as he left the Knoxville and Kingston road in that direction. Citizens to do their whole duty in co-operating. Anderson is the worst of all, and he must be killed, or he will cause the death of every Union man he can find.

CLINTON B. FISK,

Brigadier-General.

GLASGOW, August 13, 1864.

General FISK:

There are some things going on in this Eight District we do not understand, and which we think need righting up. It may be all right now, but we are in doubt. Yesterday General Douglass telegraphed to the commanding officer at Glasgow to have all available force ready to move at a moment's notice. Major Matlack had everything ready within an hour. After waiting six hours Major Matlack informed General Douglass of the fact, and asking his further pleasure, and the reply came to Major McNair, ordering him to send two companies of the Seventeenth Illinois Cavalry to Sturgeon. He responded that he did not command the Seventeenth; that Major Matlack, who commanded the post, was here. Major McNair was again addressed thus: "You will hand my order to commanding officer Seventeenth Cavalry, at Glasgow, who will obey orders." Major Matlack at once ordered forward ninety-eight mounted men, his whole available force, yet not

