
more than two companies, in charge of Captain Hebard, and telegraphed General Douglass the fact. The general replied: "Major Matlack, let your command scout the country on the road, if it takes two days to get to Sturgeon." Mr. Bancroft then told general that as the mounted men were called away the lines must lie down until they returned. The general replied by again addressing Major McNair thus: "You must furnish escort for the repairers from the Enrolled Missouri Militia." So much for these facts. Now, general, we wish to know why General Douglass does not recognize Major Matlack as commanding the post? Can the general countermand your orders, appointing Major Matlack? Is Major McNair ordered to duty and likely to be put in command here? Is General Douglass ignorant of Major Matlack's position? Is he capable of instructing one of your officers thus by personally ignoring him? We want to have this matter settled by you, or the first thing we know our plans and prospects will all be disappointed by General Douglass' movements.

B. W. LEWIS &amp; BRO.

WASHINGTON, August 13, 1864-11.15 a.m.

Major-General CURTIS:

The contractor of the Overland Mail Line has represented through the Post-Office Department that more protection against Indians is required along the line, and that two armed men should accompany each coach. He also asks that orders be given to the military not to use the grain, forage, and stores for the line. Please see that these requests are carried out as far as you are able.

H. W. HALLECK,

Major-General and Chief of Staff.

SAINT JOSEPH, MO., August 13, 1864.

(Received 11.45 a.m.)

Honorable E. M. STANTON:

Constant difficulty between my inspector and medical director induces me to relieve the latter. I hope you will approve. I am going to the Platte Valley to look after the Indians on the overland route. They have attacked trains and stages and murdered many of the people. Have with me small force, which, with militia, I hope sufficient to scatter them.

S. R. CURTIS,

Major-General.

FORT LEAVENWORTH, KANS., August 13, 1864.

(Received 9.20 p.m.)

Major-General HALLECK,

Chief of Staff:

Your dispatch just received and telegraphed to General Curtis, at Omaha. The following has just been received from General Mitchell, commanding District of Nebraska:

General CURTIS,

Fort Leavenworth:

Just heard from a company of militia sent up the Little Blue from Kearny. They scoured the country for forty miles up and down the streams. Found no Indians. I have parties out in every direction from each post chasing Indians. Everything

