
will be done that I can do with my present force. I am raising militia as fast as I can. The Governor has authorized the raising of twelve companies. I have received to-day [sic] toward one company in this vicinity of ranchmen.

R. B. MITCHELL,

Brigadier-General.

C. S. CHARLOT,

Major and Assistant Adjutant-General, Department of Kansas.

INDEPENDENCE, August 13, 1864.

Major S. S. CURTIS:

But few guerrillas at present in my sub-district. I keep, however, some scouting parties in every direction from here, but I have no troops south of Pleasant Hill, which leaves the Grand River country open. If you have the troops to spare, I would advise you to send a small scouting party in there and keep a good lookout in that direction.

JAS. H. FORD,

Colonel, Commanding Second Colorado Cavalry.
HEADQUARTERS DISTRICT OF UPPER ARKANSAS,Fort Riley, August 13, 1864.

Major General S. R. CURTIS,

Commanding Department of Kansas:

GENERAL: I am just in receipt of a note from Mr. I. M. Schooley, living on the Republican near Lake Sibley (of whom I wrote you on 10th), dated the 11th instant, in which he states that a large body of Indians are on the Republican in that neighborhood, having with them a large herd of stock (horses), among which it is probable are the horses taken from our troops. I also learned yesterday (unofficially) that the company of the Colorado First at the Cimarron Crossing had lost all their horses; stampeded by the Indians.

Respectfully, your obedient servant,

JAS. G. BLUNT,

Major-General.

P. S.-Mr. Schooley states that the people in his settlement, on the Republican, are very much alarmed.

J. G. B.

FORT LARNED, KANS., August 13, 1864.

Captain H. G. LORING,

Acting Assistant Adjutant-General, Fort Riley, Kans.:

SIR: I have the honor to report that I have just arrived at this post, intending to take command of the cavalry forces stationed here, and proceed against the hostile Indians, who have recently stolen a large quantity of Government and citizens' stock. I am of the opinion that these Indians could be overtaken and punished, providing the troops here were properly supplied with ammunition, &amp;c. I find upon examination that the cavalry force are almost entirely out of ammunition, and there is none at the post to supply them. I would, therefore, beg leave to recommend that there be immediately forwarded to this post, by the return coach and escort from Fort Riley, the following stores,

