
24. The following-named regiment will without delay turn in their horses to the quartermaster of the Cavalry Division, Department of the Gulf, and their cavalry arms and equipments to the division ordnance officer; upon which Captain F. J. Shunk, chief of ordnance, will issue in lieu thereof infantry arms and equipments: Third Maryland Cavalry, Second Louisiana Mounted Infantry.

By command of Major-General Banks:

J. S. CROSBY,

Acting Assistant Adjutant-General.
HEADQUARTERS DEPARTMENT OF THE GULF,New Orleans, July 7, 1864.

Brigadier General T. W. SHERMAN,

Commanding Defenses of New Orleans:

SIR: I have the honor to inform you that the commanding officer District of La Fourche has been telegraphed to send the Eighth Indiana Volunteers, Eleventh Indiana Volunteers, and Twenty-first Iowa Volunteers at once to Algiers, the commanding officers to report immediately on arrival to Major-General Reynolds. The Same order has been sent to the commanding officer at Donaldsonville in relation to the Ninety-ninth Illinois Volunteers, and to the commanding officer at Baton Rouge in relation to the Twenty-third Wisconsin Volunteers. I have the honor also to inclose to you here- with copies of orders for the Twenty-ninth Wisconsin, at Kennerville, with the request that they may be transmitted at the earliest possible moment. The above is communicated by direction of Major-General Banks.

I have the honor to be, sir, your obedient servant,

C. EMERSON,

Second Lieutenant, 162nd New York Vols., A. A. A. G.

THIBODEAUX, July 7, 1864-8.30 a. m.

(Received 9 a. m.)

Major GEORGE B. DRAKE,

Assistant Adjutant-General:

A party of Confederates are reported to have burned a Union sloop in Caillou Bayou yesterday. I have sent cavalry to see, and requested Captain Washburne, of the Nyanza, to send a gun-boat around there. All quite otherwise.

R. A. CAMERON,

Brigadier-General, Commanding.
HEADQUARTERS LA FOURCHE DISTRICT,Thibodeaux, La., July 7, 1864.

Major GEORGE B. DRAKE,

Assistant Adjutant-General:

Captain Lane, of the schooner Kate, bound for Brashear City from New Orleans, having 130 tons of coal for the navy, is here, and reports that his schooner was seized by ten armed men, one of whom is named

