
miles west of here. Sent ten men out immediately and concluded to wait till daybreak to find out whether we could not discover any other trails, as the party was larger. This was the more necessary, as I could not take the horses from Fort Ridgely along without giving them some rest. Scout Back has just sent word that he has discovered another trail of about ten or twelve horses and will follow with a small detachment from Chanyuska, while I am starting to strike the same track, and then proceed until we are able to overtake the Indians. As soon as possible I shall inform you of the result of the chase, which will be a hard one, but the men re willing to do the utmost to punish the red devils.

Most respectfully, your obedient servant,

WILLIAM PFAENDER,

Lieutenant-Colonel Second Minnesota Cavalry.
HDQRS. DIST. OF MINNESOTA, DEPT. OF THE NORTHWEST,Saint Paul, Minn., August 13, 1864.

Lieutenant Colonel WILLIAM PFAENDER,

Commanding Second Sub-District, Fort Ridgely:

COLONEL: Information of an Indian raid on the Blue Earth River, in Vernon Township, a short distance from the village of that name, has doubtless reached you ere this. It appears from a communication received from Major Evans by Governor Miller that at least two white men have been killed and one wounded by the savages, whose strength does not appear to be known, seven of them having been seen together in the possession of eighteen stolen horses. General Sibley depends upon your well known activity and energy to take every possible means to protect the settlers and not permit the escape of the murderers with their plunder. He takes it for granted that you have set everything in motion to accomplish these results. The Indians should be followed and destroyed at all hazards. You will please ascertain and communicate to these headquarters all the intelligence you can obtain with reference to the savages, their number, and the direction from which they came and that of their return. It is feared that murders may have been committed farther west by the same party. How is it that the scouts did not fall upon their trail?

By command of Brigadier-General Sibley:

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

R. C. OLIN,

Assistant Adjutant-General.
HDQRS. DIST. OF MINNESOTA, DEPT. OF THE NORTHWEST,Saint Paul, Minn., August 13, 1864.

Lieutenant Colonel WILLIAM PFAENDER,

Fort Ridgely, &amp;c.:

COLONEL: General Sibley has directed as many men of Company K, Second Minnesota Cavalry, as there are horses fit for service at Fort Snelling, to be dispatched under Lieutenant Darrow to Mankato to act as any exigency may require, and he will be directed to report to you for further orders by letter or otherwise from Mankato. The force dispatched to intercept the Indians should keep well out west in case there

