
say that his young men are being killed off very rapidly by the Crees, Assinniboines, and Blackfeet, who have made war upon him, and that unless protection is afforded him that all will be killed or die of starvation, as buffalo are very scarce on the plains. Two brothers named St. Arnaud, of A Company, deserted early last evening. As soon as I was informed of the fact I despatched a squad of men, under a trusty sergeant, down to Twelve-Mile Point, on the Georgetown road. The party returned this a. m. without being able to discover any traces of the deserters. This makes three makes three desertions which have taken place this week. I expect nothing else but what all the Red River men in the command will desert. If only one of these rats could be discovered in his attempt to desert and shot in the act it would be a warning to the balance.

I am, captain, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

C. POWELL ADAMS,

Major Indpt. Battln. Minnesota Vol. Cavalry. Commanding Post.
SPECIAL ORDERS, HDQRS. DEPARTMENT OF THE GULF, Numbers 217. New Orleans, August 14, 1864.

1. Paragraph 12 of Special Orders, Numbers 207, current series, from these headquarters, is hereby amended so as to read as follows: The organization known as the Second New Orleans Volunteers ceases to exist. The officers and enlisted men of the regiment will be transferred to the First New Orleans Volunteers.

By command of Major-General Banks:

W. D. PUTNAM,Acting Assistant Adjutant-General.
HEADQUARTERS DEPARTMENT OF ARKANSAS, &amp;C., Little Rock, Ark., August 14, 1864.

Major General E. R. S. CANBY,

COMMANDING Militia Division of West Mississippi:

GENERAL: The command under General West encountered McCray near Searcy, beat them and pursued toward Jacksonport, where it is supposed Shelby was about crossing White River in order to go south. Scouts and deserters report that the rebels in my front are falling back across Saline River. The party sent to burn the depot at Princeton stampeded the guard, but the leader being wounded, failed to burn the rebel supplies. This may be the cause of their withdrawing part of their forces. Dobbin's command is reported still hovering about Helena. Shelby has supplied his conscripts with arms and ammunition through smugglers in Memphis. From all accounts it is his intention now to rejoin Price as soon as possible. West will make every effort to catch him whichever way he goes. This is the third expedition that I have fitted out against Shelby within a few weeks. The excuses given for not catching him are that they could not get supplies and were obliged to return. General Carr and Shelby in his grasp at one time, in the opinion of his officers. The following-named troops have been ordered home during this month, some on account of expiration of term of service and others on furlough: Second Indian Battery, 100; First Iowa Cavalry, 360; Sixty-first Illinois Infantry

