
(veteran), 220; Sixty-second Illinois Infantry (veteran), 267; Third Minnesota (six companies), 200; Fifth Kansas Cavalry, 120. Term of service of First Cavalry will expire next week.

Very respectfully,

F. STEELE,

Major-General.

[AUGUST 14, 1864.-For Washburn to Sherman, in relation to operations about Vicksburg, &amp;c., see Vol. XXXIX, Part II, p. 250.]
HEADQUARTERS DISTRICT OF WEST TENNESSEE, Memphis, August 14, 1864.

Major General E. R. S. CANBY:

Your dispatch is received. You are already advised that I have relieved Gordon. I shall recall from General Smith (as son as I can with safety) all the troops that do not properly belong to him, and let him go on the Decatur as opened by General Sherman. You must see that I am somewhat embarrassed by conflicting orders from you and General Sherman, while General Steele complains that I did not send my cavalry to clean out Shelby as I advised him I would do as soon as General Smith returned from his last expedition, but no sooner had he returned than I was ordered to send my cavalry again in pursuit of Forrest and keep them after him all the time. The force Smith has I intended should be large enough to whip any force that could possibly be concentrated against him, and to that end gave him all I had. He has two Minnesota regiments that do not properly belong to the Sixteenth Corps and about 3,000 colored troops which I will recall as soon as I possibly can, and will move them as you may direct. If left to do with the force in my district as I should like, I would have my cavalry look after Forrest and order General Smith to take his command and proceed down the river and clear out Kirby Smith's forces, that are endeavoring to cross wherever they may be forced.

C. C. WASHBURN,Major-General.

HDQRS. SECOND DIVISION, SEVENTH ARMY CORPS, Devall's Bluff, Ark., August, 14, 1864.

ABRAHAM LINCOLN,

President of the United States:

DEAR SIR: Two deserters from the rebel camp south of the Arkansas came in yesterday. On Wednesday morning last (10th instant) Slemons' brigade, of Cabell's division, broke camp twenty miles below Pine Bluff, on the Arkansas River, and moved toward Mount Elba. One of the deserters left the command when on the march Thursday morning. It was understood to be a general falling back of the rebel troops. Their hospital had been for some time at Mount Elba. A few deserters are coming in every day. The enthusiasm of the new conscripts and recruits appears to be diminishing as it begins to appear to them that they are not going to remain about home in their warfare General West went from Little Rock to Searcy, crossed Little Red River, and proceeded to a point near and opposite Augusta. McCray's

