
forces fell back. I have not heard of any fighting. I was able to furnish 1,600 cavalry from here from the expedition. Since that went cut I sent a scout of 130 cavalry southwest after beef-cattle.

Shelby, at last accounts, was still east of White River, moving toward Jacksonport. The Third Minnesota and Sixty-first Illinois leave here to-day on veteran furlough. They re-enlisted last winter, and they now richly merit their furlough.

Very truly, &amp;c.,

C. C. ANDREWS.

DEVALL'S BLUFF, August 14, 1864-7 a. m.

Captain C. H. DYER,

Assistant Adjutant-General, Little Rock:

The Celeste has returned without accident, bringing two prisoners captured at midnight; one a first sergeant of Dobbin's command, the other James, who took the oath and afterward joined rebel service. The latter has, according to report, acted as an informed against Union men. A lieutenant of Ninth Iowa and twenty men were landed and followed General West. General West had left before the boat left here. Nothing was seen of the enemy. It was reported that Shelby had moved toward Jacksonport.

C. C. ANDREWS,

Brigadier-General, Commanding.

WARRENSBURG, MO., August 14, 1864.

Major General W. S. ROSECRANS,

Commanding Department of the Missouri:

Following received last night from Boonville:

The rebel neighbors of Frankfort had a meeting, in which they passed a resolution to pay all the damages done by guerrillas, and appointed a committee to report. I shall attend to the matter myself and report.

HENRY SUESS,

Major and Chief of Cavalry.

A. PLEASONTON,

Major-General, Commanding.

WARRENSBURG, August 14, 1864.

Captain JOSEPH PARKE,

Boonville:

The following dispatch just received and is forwarded for your instruction and guidance:

Why do you not hunt out and whip Holtzclaw, who is loafing about Boonville? By a night march, going on by-roads, it seems to me you might catch and destroy this villain. Why should all the cunning and enterprise be on one side, and that the wrong side?

W. S. ROSECRANS,

Major-General.

By order of Major-General Pleasonton:

J. H. STEGER,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

