
SAINT LOUIS, MO., August 14, 1864.

Brigadier-General FISK,

Saint Joseph, Mo.:

Why don't Douglass destroy Hotzclaw, who is at Boonsborough, between Boonville and Glasgow, and has cut our telegraph line by a Union man's home. You must have our expeditions use a little more art. March by night. Take by-ways and not be green enough to believe anybody coming from the enemy's direction who don't know. Seize and hold and who may give information of or to the enemy, so as to conceal our movements. These are among the means to be thought of. The Glasgow troops who are going to Sturgeon are but eight miles from Holtzclaw. They ought to destroy him to-night. You must infuse energy and enterprise into our poor commanders.

W. S. ROSECRANS,

Major-General.

HDQRS. EIGHTH MIL. DIST., ENROLLED MO. MILITIA, Mexico, August 14, 1864.

Brigadier General C. B. FISK,

Commanding North Missouri, Saint Joseph, Mo.:

GENERAL: I have issued orders for a general scout in the southern part of my district, commencing to-morrow morning. The rebels are not in large bodies at any point that I can hear from, but are generally in small bands. Ninety-five of Seventeenth Illinois Cavalry are in camp to-day about eight miles southwest of Sturgeon, having marched to that point from Glasgow. This is all the available force of the Seventeenth Illinois, as they report only 111 horses. I have failed to get any report from the Ninth Cavalry Missouri State Militia, and do not know how many men or how many horses they have. Have tried to get report from them, but have failed. Many of Major Bartlett's command are without horses. Thus you will perceive that while I can count quite a number of companies U. S. soldiers in my district, yet when I go to use them I find that I have but comparatively a small force. I have at this post Colonel Caldwell and about 130 men. My movements are ordered as follows: The troops from Glasgow have marched due east form Glasgow to Sturgeon. Troops are ordered to march from Fayette due east into the Perche Hills, falling in on the right of the Seventeenth Illinois. Major Bartlett's command will leave Sturgeon going south, a part of them east to Centralia, and then turning south. I will leave here at dark to-night with a part of Colonel Caldwell's command, going southeast, falling in to the left of Major Bartlett's men. Troops from Fulton will march northeast, falling in to my left. With the forces thus scattered the whole will march south toward the Missouri River, passing over the worst portion of my district. In the meantime I have ordered all the available troops from Macon City, leaving ample to guard Government stores, &amp;c., to scout toward Huntsville, southeast toward Middle Grove, in Monroe County, to break up any bands that may slip through and get in my rear. I have ordered the troops from Paris and Huntsville to be on the alert to pick up any bands that out several days. Colonel Caldwell will be in command of the post, with my adjutant to attend to my business. Should I fail in accomplishing any good by this movement we will return to our respective

45 R R-VOL XLI, PT II

