
posts, scouring the country on our return, go into camp and send out detachments on foot and horseback and try to beat them at their own game. I am giving all the assistance in my power to have all the Enrolled Missouri Militia join the new regiments, and as the companies now on duty join the U. S. service I will order more out until they are filled up.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

J. B. DOUGLASS,

Brigadier-General.

MEXICO, August 14, 1864.

General FISK:

Troops under my command are ordered to take the field early to-morrow morning from Fayette, Sturgeon, Macon, Mexico, and Fulton. At same time scouts will be out from Huntsville, Paris, Columbia, and Glasgow. I shall go out with them. Will leave Colonel Caldwell and Major Evans at post.

J. B. DOUGLASS,

Brigadier-General.

SAINT JOSEPH, August 14, 1864.

W. A. REID,

Shelbina, Mo.:

DEAR SIR: Yours of August 12 received and contents noted. I am desirous that your committee should work intelligently, and for that reason I have placed upon it the names of the best men in your country. I do not wish you to consider because your name appears upon the committee that in my opinion you are a rebel, but on the contrary that I consider you a man well qualified to transact truly and impartially, with the least possible offense to any one, the important task confided to you. I wish the work done speedily and thoroughly. The province is not mine to tell you who are loyal and who are disloyal in your midst. The children can tell you who they are. Every negro can tell you who they are. Disloyalists are those who hope in their hearts for the success of the enemies of the United States Government, and are, by their neighbors, friends, and servants, ever considered to have Southern proclivities. The time can be extended on a portion of the amount if necessary. If parties assessed refuse to pay their names will be immediately reported to me, and I hold the committee responsible for such report and for the money due until paid. The committee will also make the collection and pay over the money as directed in the order. The order received by you was merely a copy of the one sent to other members. Its terms are sufficiently plain to [need] but little explanation. If the committee do the work laid out for them and accomplish the result it is all I wish. It is confidently anticipated that all your citizens will come promptly up to the work to be done, without any attempt or necessity for an attempt coercion on my part. Should the time be deemed insufficiently by the committee for the collection of the sum, it can be extended by their application to me after their meeting has taken place. No objection is entertained to the system of voluntary subscription. It might be a more harmonious method of procedure,

