
but is not so thoroughly effectual. If the committee see fit they can circulate subscription lists among disloyalists first, and assess those who do not subscribe afterward.

I am, respectfully,

CLINTON B. FISK.
HEADQUARTERS DISTRICT OF UPPER ARKANSAS, Fort Riley, August 14, 1864.

Major General S. R. CURTIS,Commanding Department of Kansas:

GENERAL: Two men have just arrived from up the Republican, who represent the alarm as spreading in that vicinity. All of the settlers have left with their families and stock and concentrated at a point about thirty-five miles northwest from here on the Republican, where they propose to make a stand and defend their homes if they can be armed. There is one militia company of about fifty men (Schooley's), but no arms. I have sent to Captain Schooley to come in to-morrow and get arms and ammunition for his company, and will try and send a squad of mounted men under a commissioned officer to co-operate with them until other arrangements can be made for their protection. Everything indicates that we are to have serious trouble on this frontier with Indians, and in my opinion prompt and decisive measures should be taken to meet the treatened difficulty and give protection to the frontier settlements. I know full well the embarrassments you labor under in regard to insufficiency of troops in your department, and so far as I am concerned I will endeavor to get along with as little help as possible, but my force at present is entirely inadequate for the work to be done; besides, the few troops I now have are not available for the want of horses. I hope Lieutenant McClure will succeed in getting tho horses I sent him for. I require at least 200 to put the troops I have on a fighting basis. These horses at this time would aid me very materially. Mounted men are required. Infantry are of little service, except to garrison the post; here one company could be used to advantage. For this purpose I wish you would send me Captain Mobley's company of the Seventeenth Kansas.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

JAS. G. BLUNT,

Major-General.

HEADQUARTERS DISTRICT OF UPPER ARKANSAS, Fort Riley, Kans., August 14, 1864.

[Lieutenant A. R. BANCROFT:]

SIR: The general commanding directs that after having arrived on the Republican, in purusance of the orders you will received from Captain Booth, you establish the headquarters of your detachment in the neighborhood of Clay Centre. Information has reached these headquarters that the settlers above that point have moved down with their families and stock for safety, and are rendezvoused near the place mentioned (Clay Centre). Your mission is to protect the settlers against Indian depredations. In this you will be aided by the settlers of the neighborhood, who will be armed immediately from this post. They will be under the immediate command of Captain I. M. Schooley, of the

