
unless prevented by operations in Arkansas, I apprehend as soon as corn is fit to sustain man and beast. The consequences of a powerful raid would be very serious, as the troops are so widely scattered. It is gratifying to know that the response to my call for twelve-months' man is spirited and bids fair to give us eight or ten regiments by the 1st of September. The two for this city are progressing favorable and will, I hope, by ready by the 1st proximo. They are much needed. I should very much like to know what is possible and probable on the Arkansas, as the remoteness of the department from the division headquarters and resources will make it difficult to get succor or warning. From our point of view we seem almost entirely at the mercy of a concentrated invading force and almost wholly dependent on you will remember that the depot here is but feebly guarded and but few troops between us and Arkansas, via Pilot Knob. The new regiments will give us the means of doing something by way of prudent precaution. I forbear suggestions as to the operations on the Arkansas, but their importance to secure this State from a terrible blow to life and property cannot be overstated. The secret order is tamed down but still formidable and active. We, to-day, intercepted a cipher letter to General Price from some spy in this city, who says he very much regrets not being able to see Hunt, the "grand commander," and did not until yesterday find his successor, who he would not name even in that cipher. The order is as formidable and potent for mischief, if occasion offers, as has been represented. I hope we may be able to break loose the lower degrees from the control of the higher, not perhaps in Missouri, but other State.

Please advise me of such matters as affect our safety here.

W. S. ROSECRANS,

Major-General.

SAINT LOUIS, MO., August 15, 1864.

Major-General ROSECRANS,

Alton, Ill.:

SPRINGFIELD, ILL., August 15.

Just received the following from Indianapolis:

"Colonel Johnson (rebel) seized three steamers Saturday night, near Shawneetown. He has about 1,500 men. I have sent a veteran regiment to Mount Vernon with orders to pursue. A portion is said to have crossed the river near Shawneetown. I hope to send other troops to-morrow.

"HENRY B. CARRINGTON,

"Brigadier-General."

I have no troops here and know of none except at Cairo. Can you send any troops should the fact be true?

RICHARD YATES.

Have you any orders? I know of no troops.

O. D. GREENE,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

SPECIAL ORDERS, HEADQUARTERS DEPT. OF THE MISSOURI, Numbers 225. Saint Louis, Mo., August 15, 1864.

1. Captain N. Boardman, Battery M, Second Missouri light Artillery, will proceed without delay with his battery to Springfield, Mo., via Sedalia, and report for duty to Brigadier-General Sanborn, command-

