
LITTLE ROCK, ARK., July 7, 1864.

Colonel W. F. GEIGER,

Commanding Cavalry Brigade, Second Division, Devall's Bluff:

I want a large scout to go toward Arkansas Post to ascertain positively whether or no the rebels are crossing the Arkansas. After that is done I will have no objections to your camping on Two Prairie Bayou. I think it would be well for the two regiments to camp at Bayou La Grue, near the crossing of the road to Arkansas Post, and scout from there, sending report daily.

E. A. CARR,

Brigadier-General, Commanding.

LEWISBURG, July 7, 1864-12 m.

Captain C. H. DYER:

My scouting party, just in from up the river, report seeing 300 men on island three miles below Dardanelle. They are in force on the other side of the river, generally reported to be Cabell. They are building flat-boats there, undoubtedly to cross Shelby, whom they are daily expecting. I have no way to dislodge them unless I had a steam-boat with artillery on it, when I think a very important capture could readily be made, as there is but one way to get off the island. Lieutenant Wishard, in charge of scout, saw them water 200 horses there. I am watching their movements closely, although the island they are on prevents my interference, as they work behind the island.

T. S. CLARKSON,

Major, Commanding.
HEADQUARTERS DISTRICT OF LITTLE ROCK,Little Rock, Ark., July 7, 1864.

Colonel J. STUART,

Commanding Tenth Illinois Cavalry:

COLONEL: The brigadier-general commanding directs that you send a scout of about 250 men properly officered to Searcy, to remain in that neighborhood till further orders. The commanding officer must be instructed to make daily reports by the most expeditious and reliable routes. (By telegraph from Brownsville will probably be the best.) The commands will make easy marches, gather all reliable information, and report it. Should any reports be forwarded that are not thought reliable give the authority. The men will take as many rations as they can carry. Please report to these headquarters when the scout will march.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

C. H. DYER,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

DEVALL'S BLUFF, July 7, 1864-1.30 p. m.

Captain C. H. DYER,

Assistant Adjutant-General:

I have just arrived at this place.

C. C. ANDREWS,

Brigadier-General.

