
BROWNSVILLE, NEBR., August 15, 1864.

Major S. S. CURTIS:

Dispatch to Nebraska City any news. Indians have been doing considerable damage near Beatrice. Have the Colorado troops moved? Militia are turning out and much excitement prevails. Been delayed by low water,but all well.

S. R. CURTIS,

Major-General.

FORT LEAVENWORTH, August 15, 1864.

Major General S. R. CURTIS,

Nebraska City, Nebr. Ter.:

Your dispatch received. What do you mean by having the Colorado troops moved? The detachment of the Eleventh Ohio moved this morning for Fort Kearny.

S. S. CURTIS,

Major and Aide-de-Camp.
HEADQUARTERS DISTRICT OF SOUTH KANSAS, Paola, Kans., August 15, 1864.

Major C. C. CHARLOT,Asst. Adjt. General, Dept. of Kansas, Fort Leavenworth, Kans.:

MAJOR: I tried to telegraph you to-day that I have information that the rebels from Missouri contemplate attacking this place very soon; that they expect to have something like 1,500 men, and my dispatch (which the operator at Fort Leavenworth refused to receive) contained a request that four or more mounted companies might be sent from Fort Leavenworth to Olathe for a few days to replace the troops that I might withdraw from Johnson County temporarily to defend this place. If the companies can be spared I still request that they be sent, though it is probable that after waiting for his communication and for the troops to get to Olathe it may be too late. As it is I cannot call any troops from that vicinity, as the enemy would then charge their plan and make a raid in that direction.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

THO. J. McKEAN,

Brigadier-General, U. S. Volunteers, Commanding District.
HEADQUARTERS DISTRICT OF UPPER ARKANSAS, Fort Riley, Kans., August 15, 1864.

Captain BACKUS,

Commanding Officer Fort Larned:

I am just in receipt of intelligence that a body of Indians are moving southwest across the Little Blue to the head of the Republican, with a large herd of oxen, horses, and mules taken from the Fort Kearny and Denver route. Troops are in pursuit of them, and it is probable that they would attempt to escape by crossing to the south side of the Arkansas. Concentrate your force as much as possible and endeavor to intercept them. They have burned many of the ranches on the Kearny route, destroy several trains, captured a large amount of stock, and

