
murdered all that have fallen into their hands. Notify me promptly of all information you obtain of Indian movements. I have no force here to move against the Indians now morning down from the Kearny route, and must rely upon the forces under your command.

Very respectfully,

J. G. BLUNT,

Major-General.
HEADQUARTERS DISTRICT OF UPPER ARKANSAS, Fort Riley, Kans., August 15, 1864.

Lieutenant ELLSWORTH,Commanding Detachment at Smoky Hill Crossing:

I have information that a body of Indians are moving from the Fort Kearny and Denver road, southwest across the Little Blue and Republican, having with them a large herd of oxen, horses, and mules captured from the Kearny route. As they are being pursued by troops they will probably endeavor to cross the Arkansas. Send scouts in the direction of the Republican to watch their movements, and if they are discovered moving toward the Arkansas, you will promptly notify the commanding officer at Fort Larned and also these headquarters.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

J. G. BLUNT,

Major-General.

NEBRASKA CITY, August 15, 1864.

Brigadier-General FISK,

Saint Joseph:

The following dispatch gives a pretty correct account of matters relating to Indians on the Blue. So many false rumors are afloat the public had better have this. Some of my troops must be at Beatrice by this time:

Major-General CURTIS,

Brownville:

A reliable citizen of this place has just arrived from Beatrice. He left there at 6.30 last evening. He says the Indians have committed no depredations except on the stage road on the Little Blue, and only in small parties on the road. Main force of the enemy, about 2,000 strong, are on the Republican, southwest of Fort Kearny. Informant had a brother killed on Little Blue. Small parties first attack trains, and if repulsed return in greater force. A citizens company of fifty men, commanded by Captain Gilbert, are on the Little Blue. Several ranches have ben burned. There are 200 families at Beatrice and about 200 men, but have but few arms and little ammunition. People are a good deal excited and reports are exaggerated. Heard nothing of attack on Otoe Agency except and reports of fire in that direction, which was prairie burning. Twenty-two scouts sent there went to Blue Springs. Report no enemy there. This report I consider reliable. It is believed that there are rebels leading Indians, as they talk good English.

HENRY M. ATKINSON,

Assistant Provost-Marshal, District of Nebraska.

S. R. CURTIS.

NEBRASKA CITY, August 15, 1864.

Major-General CURTIS:

Mr. Lewis, a freighter of this place, who loaded at Atchison, reports that he left the Atchison and Fort Kearny road near Big Sandy a few

46 R R-VOL XLI, PT II

