
days since, brought his train to Beatrice and corralled. The Indians attacked a mule train above Sandy and were driven off. They then attacked an ox train loaded with machinery in charge of Comstock, and stampeded all his stock and killed 2 men. They attacked two trains of about twenty-five wagons each and drove off all their stock. The mule train first mentioned was loaded with merchandise for Salt Lake, which they threw out of their wagons, took the men in that belonged to the ox train, and left for Atchison in haste. No troops have left Brownville 10 p. m.

O. P. MASON.

FORT KEARNY, August 15, 1864.

Major-General CURTIS,

Commanding Department of Kansas:

I arrived here yesterday from Fort Laramie. I find the Indians at war with us through the entire District of Nebraska from South pass to the Blue, a distance of 800 miles and more, and have laid waste the country, driven off stock, and murdered men, women, and children in large numbers. In my humble opinion, they only way to put a stop to this state of things will be to organize a sufficient force to pursue them to the villages and exterminate the leading tribes engaged in this terrible slaughter. On this part of the line the tribes engaged are the Cheyennes, Kiowas, and Arapahoes, part of the Yanktons, and straggling bands of the Brule Sioux. On the west part of the line are the Winnibigoshish, Snakes, and part of all the bands from Minnesota, and with the Indians there are a large number of white men engaged. From the best information I have, I believe every party of Indians on this line policy you desire me to pursue I will act promptly. I think I have got things so arranged as to prevent further massacres until we are prepared to meet them with force.

ROBT. B. MITCHELL,

Brigadier-General, Commanding.

OMAHA, August 15, 1864.

Brigadier General ROBERT B. MITCHELL,

Fort Kearny:

Nebraska Republican of to-day published an article accusing Colonel Summers of great delays on the day of the Plum Creek massacre; says he was eleven hours going thirty miles, stopped two hours for dinner, &amp;c. The publication of the report, even if all its allegations are correct, was premature and unjustifiable. I send the report to you, that if true or untrue you may take such action as you may deem proper. I send a mountain howitzer to Kearny to-night.

JNO. PRATT,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

OMAHA, August 15, 1864.

Brigadier General ROBERT B. MITCHELL,

Fort Kearny:

Arms for Columbus have gone. Those for Grand Island will be started to-night. I have directed Captain Moer to telegraph you fully

