
ing E Company to go on with the ambulances and D Company to remain with the infantry under Colonel Preston, we moved quietly on toward Vidalia to Lake Concordia, where we watered and fed on the plantation of--. I gave a memoranda receipt to a negro man named James Robinson, who claimed to be in charge of the plantation, for one feed for 200 horses. I then moved on, crossed the Mississippi River at Vidalia, into camp at this place.

Casualties: Wounded, Captain William D. Wardlaw, E Company, severe flesh wound; Private Robert Molden, E Company, left arm broken; Private Andrew Leonard, H Company, slight, fell from horse on charge. Horses lost, 5. Captures: Prisoners, 5; horses 11.

This has been a very severe march, especially upon the horses of my command, the extreme heat and dryness of the season rendering it impracticable to make a forced march without breaking down many horses. Fifty-four were rendered unfit for immediately service on this trip.

The force we fought consisted of 300 mounted men, viz, 100 from Fifth Texas Cavalry, 100 from Seventh Texas Cavalry, 100 from Robertson's squadron, all under the command, according to the best information I have, of Major Robertson.

As usual, all my officers and men did all that any commander could wish. I cannot make any distinction in this case, expect to state that Captains Collins, of B Company, Merriman, of L Company, Wardlaw, of E Company, Fisk, of H Company, Lowe, of A, and Lieutenant Kimball, of E Company, were in the thickest of the fight and bore themselves gallantly amid the messengers of death that flew thick and fast around them, and so did the brave and faithful men of their respective commands.

Respectfully submitted.

M. R. M. WALLACE,

Colonel, Commanding Fourth Illinois Cavalry.

GENERAL ORDERS, HDQRS. DEPT. OF ARKANSAS, &amp;C., Numbers 63. Little Rock, Ark., August 16, 1864.

District commanders will immediately issue the necessary orders for the enrollment and organization of the militia in their respective districts required by General Orders, Numbers 31, current series, from headquarters Military Division of West Mississippi.

By order of Major General F. Steele:

W. D. GREEN,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

DEVALL'S BLUFF, August 16, 1864-6 p .m.

Captain C. H. DYER,

Assistant Adjutant-General, Little Rock:

Lieutenant-Colonel Lisenby, Eighth Missouri Cavalry, has just got in with four rebel commissioned officers, captured in West Point; one is Captain Kirk, another is Captain Berton. They had come down from Jacksonport, in which neighborhood both Shelby and McCray were about Sunday. Colonel Lisenby thinks their forces are to get together on the 20th, preparatory to a movement somewhere.

C. C. ANDREWS,

Brigadier-General, Commanding.

