
LITTLE ROCK, ARK., July 7, 1864.

Brigadier General C. C. ANDREWS:

A scout of 250 men from Tenth Illinois Cavalry leaves here to-morrow at 12 o'clock for Searcy, to remain in that neighborhood until further orders.

By order of Brigadier General E. A. Carr:

C. H. DYER,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

(Copies of Colonel O. Wood and Major T. S. Clarkson.)

FOR LEAVENWORTH, July 7, 1864.

Brigadier-General THAYER,

Fort Smith:

Train leaves to-morrow evening. Some bushwhackers recently routed near Cabin Creek, on the road. Thank you for your intelligence.

S. R. CURTIS,

Major-General.

INDEPENDENCE, July 7, 1864.

Major General W. S. ROSECRANS,

Commanding Department of the Missouri:

Day before yesterday I inspected two companies of the Second Colorado, stationed at Harrisonville, and yesterday one company of the same regiment at Hickman Mills. After inspecting at the latter place I came on to this place, arriving last night. Here I learned of a serious affair which took place one mile and a half south of the crossing of the Little Blue, on the road from this place to Pleasant Hill. Captain S. W. Wagoner, Second Colorado, with twenty-five of his company (C), on a scout, were attacked by a party of guerrillas numbering about 120, under command of the notorious Todd. Captain Wagoner and 6 of his men were killed, 1 private wounded seriously, and 1 missing. The missing soldier is supposed to be killed also. There is every reason for believing the bushwhackers were punished quite as severely as our command. Todd took the stage and mail, and putting his killed and wounded in the stage retreated toward the Sni Hills. About 6 p. m. yesterday, or four hours after the fight, Private Wait, of Company D, Second Colorado, with a party scouting on foot some distance east of where the affair on Blue took place, fired upon two guerrillas and says he is certain he seriously wounded both. One of the guerrillas was dressed in Confederate uniform and answered to the description of Todd. Wait had his party hidden within twenty feet of the road and fired six shots into the two bushwhackers, and heard both distinctly call out "Oh, God," after the fire. The wounded bushwhackers fell forward and clinging to their horses escaped, as Wait's party being on foot could not pursue them. Todd and his companion had been at a farm house near which Wait fired upon him only a short time before. Colonel Ford informs me that he has reason for believing that Todd's concentration on the Blue has intended to give his peculiar style of greeting to your inspector-general and his escort as he came to this place. As my duties of inspecting called me to Hickman Mills, and

