
WARRENSBURG, MO., August 16, 1864.

Captain MILTON BURRIS,

Commanding at Lexington:

The stage was robbed on the 8th instant near Major Youngs', and on the 13th instant at the Mounds on Lexington and Warrensburg road. The loss sustained by the stage is $425. An order issues to-day directing that the rebel sympathizers of those neighborhoods pay this amount. Send an officer to collect it at once. The order will be mailed to you to-morrow. Acknowledge receipt.

By order:

J. H. STEGER,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

MACON, MO., August 16, 1864.

Captain G. A. HOLLOWAY,

Assistant Adjutant-General:

I shall go from here to Warrenton to-night, and probably return here to-morrow morning. This county is full of whack.

CLINTON B. FISK,

Brigadier-General.

WESTON, August 16, 1864.

General FISK:

I have just received a report from Major Cranor, who is resting his command at New Market. He has been diligently employed for the last week-results, 3 dead bushwhackers, 1 wounded, and the capture of several horses.

H. HILLIARD,

Major, Commanding.

LANCASTER, MO., August 16, 1864.

Committee met according to adjournment: all the members present but Captain Gatlen, when the following proceedings were had:

Reading of reports from township committee announced as being first in order, whereupon report from Salt River Township was read and accepted.

Then the committee decided to report to General Fisk that a guerrillas by name of Mike McCully, accompanied by two others, passed through this county from the north going southward and stole one horse and one gun in addition to what we reported in our last. Whereupon squads of men came into the neighborhood where McCully was last seen, from Putnam and also from own county, and during the day after McCully had gone out of our county some several barns and corncribs were burned and orders were issued that rebels and men who had voted for James Ellison for judge shall leave the county in a few days, &amp;c. Now, so far as any military organization is concerned, we have none as yet, nor any prospect of any in the future, and we think these depredations of which we complain are the result of our having

