
no properly organized military force in this county, and we dread the repetition of like moves while this state of things exist. Now, if you will allow us to have one company in this county we wish to be instructed as to the manner of getting it up and officering the same. Anxiously awaiting your instructions, we adjourn to meet again on Tuesday, the 23rd instant, at 9 a. m., 1864.

Respectfully,

WILLIAM CASPER,

Chairman.

EDWIN FRENCH,

Secretary.

OMAHA, NEBR. TER., August 16, 1864. (Received 2 p. m. 17th.)

Major-General HALLECK,

Chief of Staff:

Yours of the 13th, concerning the furnishing of escort for Overland Mail Line, to defend it against Indians, will be complied with. I am here to look after Indian troubles, that are quite extensive on the line and against border settlements. I have troops arriving on the Blue, where the mischief was greatest. General Mitchell telegraphs from Fort Kearny that he thinks that region is threatened by a large force of Indians collecting on the Republican. I am sending out militia in small parties to join forces which I have gathered below, and will soon be upon them, be they many or few.

S. R. CURTIS,

Major-General.

OMAHA, August 16, 1864.

Major C. S. CHARLOT:

Just arrived. Have received and answered General Halleck's dispatch. Indian troubles as reported yesterday are progressing right. How are matters at headquarters?

S. R. CURTIS,

Major-General.

FORT LEAVENWORTH, August 16, 1864.

Major-General CURTIS:

General McKean sends for more forces, expecting an attack from 1,500 rebels from Missouri. I sent two companies One hundred and thirty-eighth [Illinois], and ordered Captain Conkey, with his detachment at Fort Scott to move to Paola, en route to Blunt. Blunt asks for Captain Palmer's company, as they have mountain howitzers. He also suggests the extension of the guide meridian east to the State line. Mr Gillespie has been here, and I gave him an order addressed to any commanding officer U. S. forces in the field to return stock taken from the stage line and give protection future seizures.

C. S. CHARLOT,

Major and Assistant Adjutant-General.

