HEADQUARTERS DISTRICT OF SOUTH KANSAS, Paola, August 16, 1864.

His Excellency THOMAS CARNEY,Governor and Commander-in-Chief of the Militia of Kansas, Leavenworth, Kans.:

SIR: I have the honor to acknowledge the receipt of your letter of yesterday, preceded by that of your telegram of to-day, inquiring as to my authority and the necessity for calling into active service portions of the militia of Johnson County. I take the liberty of passing over the argumentative portion of Your Excellency's communication, as I perceive it was written under a misapprehension of the facts. I will therefore briefly state:

I. That my authority is contained in your Special Orders, Numbers 54, dated Topeka, May 21, 1864, a printed copy of which is herewith inclosed.*

II. That it is impossible in the space of a brief communication like this a explain fully the necessity for exercising the authority delegated by the said order. My action, however, was based upon information considered sufficient to justify the measure. The call was made through the proper militia officers, in strict accordance with the order above referred to, and was for thirty days unless sooner discharged. It has been contemplated to dispense with the services of the militia as soon as the companies of the Illinois volunteers now on the way from Leavenworth reach Olathe, probably to-morrow.

I take this occasion to request that Your Excellency will promptly revoke the order if not satisfied that the authority is properly exercised, and thus relieved me of a very disagreeable responsibility.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

THO. J. McKEAN,

Brigadier-General, U. S. Volunteers, Commanding District.

FORT LEAVENWORTH, August 16, 1864.

Brigadier-General McKEAN,

Paola:

Your dispatches received last night. I send you two companies of One hundred and thirty-eighth Illinois this morning. Sent you one company on the 11th, same place. Have telegraphed Colonel Blair to send Captain Conkey and command to you en route to General Blunt.

C. S. CHARLOT,

Major and Assistant Adjutant-General.
HEADQUARTERS DEPARTMENT OF KANSAS, Fort Leavenworth, August 16, 1864.

Brigadier General T. J. McKEAN,Commanding District of South Kansas, Paola, Kans.:

GENERAL; Your three communications forwarded by special messenger were received last night at 12.30 o'clock. This morning I have ordered Colonel Blair to send Captain Conkey with his detachment of Third Wisconsin Cavalry to report to you at Paola, en route to General

---------------

*Not found as an inclosure.

---------------

