
Blunt. If on their arrival you have pressing need of their services retain them until the emergency passes, when they will be sent to report for duty to Major-General Blunt. I have examined the operator at this office, and he explains the failure to receive your messages by saying that he was engaged on the Saint Louis line at the time, and immediately the storm arose which cut off all communication, &amp;c. I will communicate with the superintendent as soon as the line is working to Saint Louis. The storm has interrupted operations on that line. I send you this morning two companies of the One hundred and thirty-eighth Illinois to Olathe. The mountain force is all out after the Indians. On the 11th instant a company of the One hundred and thirty-eighth Illinois was sent to Olathe to report to you, of which I have not heard from you. I presume they have reported. Let me hear from you at once and I will endeavor to give you all the support possible.

I have the honor to be, general, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

C. S. CHARLOT,

Major and Assistant Adjutant-General.
HDQRS. SUB-DISTRICT Numbers 3, DIST. OF SOUTH KANSAS, Paola, August 16, 1864.

Lieutenant-Colonel HOYT,Olathe:

The general commanding directs that as soon as the two other companies of the One hundred and thirty-eighth Illinois arrive at Olathe you send out one company to Aubrey and keep the other at Olathe to report to the post commander, and as soon as these companies reach their stations relieve the militia from duty, with instructions to hold themselves in readiness to turn out at any time when called. Should it be necessary at any time to move the troops from their stations to concentrate, the militia may as well understand that they will be required to supply their places. In sending the companies to Aubrey us e the transportation that they bring with them, and then let the teams return.

Respectfully, your obedient servant,

T. MOONLIGHT,

Colonel Eleventh Kansas Cavalry, Commanding.
HEADQUARTERS DISTRICT OF SOUTH KANSAS, Paola, August 16, 1864.

Colonel C. W. BLAIR,Commanding Sub-District of Fort Scott, Fort Scott, Kans.:

COLONEL: Major Charlot informs me that he has ordered Captain Conkey's command here. He evidently suppose that it has started, or is about to start, for General Blunt's district. Being aware that the captain will not be back for a few days, you need not send him here, but report to Major Charlot when he does return, with explanation that I requested you to suspend execution of the instructions.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

THO. J. McKEAN,

Brigadier-General, U. S. Volunteers, Commanding District.

