
[Inclosure.]

FORT LYON, COLO. TER., Sunday evening, August 7, 1864-11.30 p. m.

Honorable JOHN EVANS,

Governor and Superintendent of Indian Affairs:

DEAR SIR: About 9 o'clock this evening Mr. French, who is cutting hay for this post on side of the river about eight miles above here, arrived here with the intelligence that a Mexican train encamped near him had been attacked by a party of Kiowa Indians, and it is said that one man was killed. The Indians took some sugar, coffee, &amp;c., and fled back across the river. Major Wynkoop immediately called out Companies D and K of the First Colorado Cavalry, and, taking command in person, started out after the Indians. While the troops were getting ready a shot was fired across the river opposite the post and another just below the commissary where some men are encamped engaged in cutting hay.

Yours, truly,

S. G. COLLEY,

Per FRANK OLMSTEAD.

A messenger has just arrived from Bent's Ranch, twenty-five miles above here. I inclose you Bent's letter. Major Wynkoop has sent out an express to Camp Wynkoop ordering Captain Gray to cross the river and send out scouts, and if possible intercept the Indians on their way down.

In haste, yours,

COLLEY.

[Sub-inclosure.]

BENT'S RANCH, August 7, 1864.

Major COLLEY:

About 10 or 11 o'clock to-day four Kiowa Indians came in sight and finally came up. One of them was Satanta, or Sitting Bear, and one of them the Little Mountain, or Tohason's son. They said they were on a war party, and when they first left their camp that there was a very large party of them, and on the Cimarron they killed five whites, and the most of the party turned back from there. The Little Mountain's son says he was sent be me by his father to see if I could not make peace with the whites and them. I told him that I could not say anything on that subject to them until I saw some of the proper authorities. I then told them that I had heard that General Curtis was at Fort Larned, and that he was a big chief, and that he was the man that they would have to talk to. They asked me about you. I told them you were at the fort. The Indians are all over the hill, and I am afraid they have killed old man Rule's folks. I think I will have to move from here soon. The women are alarmed, and I don't think it safe here. We will send this down after night, as we don't think it safe to send a man in daylight. The Little Mountain's son appeared to be very anxious for peace, but it may all be a suck-in. I have no more to say. I am not in very good humor, as may old squaw ran off a few days ago, or rather went off with Jo. Barraldo, as she liked him better than she did me. If I ever get sight of the young man it will go hard with him.

Yours, truly,

WM. W. BENT.

