HEADQUARTERS DEPARTMENT OF NEW MEXICO, Santa Fe, N. Mex., August 16, 1864.

Captain HENRY B. BRISTOL,Commanding at Fort Sumner, N. Mex.:

CAPTAIN: You are authorized to employ Navajoes to make adobes for their new school-rooms by giving them a ration, as you suggested. They should commence at once. The site should be selected, and have the adobes made and carefully piled away near the site. A copy of your plan has been sent to the Secretary of the Interior, and he may give some help. If enough to buy the lumber and the doors and windows, we will do the rest. Let me count on your immediate and careful and continued attention to this matter of the adobes. If these can be made at once the building can be completed this fall if Mr. Usher gives us help. Encourage the Indians to help.

Respectfully, your obedient servant,

JAMES H. CARLETON,

Brigadier-General, Commanding.

WASHINGTON, August 16, 1864. (Received 17th.)

Major-General POPE:

General Grant's orders when sending you the First U. S. Volunteers were peremptory that every man that could possibly be spared from your department should be sent to General Sherman in the field. He has again telegraphed to know how many troops you would send and when. I presume, however, that he does not wish the Indian campaigns nor to frontier posts necessary for the security of the inhabitants to be abandoned. Through repeated misrepresentations there has been an erroneous impression as to the number of troops in your department. I have repeatedly tried to correct this error by showing the actual numbers and the extent of frontier to be guarded.

H. W. HALLECK.
HEADQUARTERS DEPARTMENT OF THE NORTHWEST, Milwaukee, Wis., August 16, 1864.

Brigadier General H. H. SIBLEY,

Commanding District of Minnesota, Saint Paul:

GENERAL: Please send to Fort Wadsworth sealed orders for Colonel Thomas, to be delivered to him when he reaches that post, directing him to leave at Fort Wadsworth four companies of the Second Minnesota Cavalry to relieve the companies of the Thirtieth Wisconsin now there, and order them to proceed without delay to Saint Paul, picking up on the way the other company of the Thirtieth now at Fort Ridgely, and to proceed himself with his whole regiment and without delay to Saint Paul to take shipping for the South. The necessity of troops in the South is greater than I can venture to write you. I will send you up in time four companies (each 100 strong) of the First U. S. Volunteers, now on the way here. These companies are made up of refugees form the South and rebel deserters. The regiment is thoroughly organized, and will do efficient service. This will leave you in Minnesota sixteen companies of cavalry and five companies of infantry,

