
as you are authorized to attach to the battalion I will send the company of Connecticut cavalry; the other six companies First U. S. Volunteers I shall send up the Missouri River to relieve the other six companies of the Thirtieth Wisconsin, now with Sully; the regiment will be united at Saint Louis and also go South.

I send you a copy of my instructions on the subject to General Sully.

I am, general, respectfully, your obedient servant,

JNO. POPE,

Major-General, Commanding.

[Inclosure.]
HEADQUARTERS DEPARTMENT OF THE NORTHWEST, Milwaukee, Wis., August 16, 1864.

Brigadier General A. SULLY,Commanding District of Iowa:

GENERAL: In accordance with instructions from the General-in-Chief, I send up six companies of the First U. S. Volunteers, being men enlisted in the South, and therefore incapable of doing duty in that region. These companies are designed to replace the companies of the Thirtieth Wisconsin at Fort Rice and other points below that post. You will accordingly relieve the companies of the Thirtieth above mentioned and send them by steamer to Saint Louis, Mo., directing the commanding officer to telegraph me from Omaha and from Saint Joseph, so that proper orders will reach him on his arrival at Saint Louis. The six companies I send consist of refugees and rebel deserters, and whilst many of the men are excellent, I do not doubt there are also many who will require strict discipline. Please select the very best officer of your whole command as commanding officer of Fort Rice, sending to other points, if necessary, and officers of superior rank. It will probably require a man of resolution and character to command such a post. As I have previously written you, I desire that the Minnesota troops under Colonel Thomas be sent back to Minnesota immediately. Please direct Colonel Thomas to leave at Fort Wadsworth, near the James River, at least three companies of the Second Minnesota Cavalry, but to proceed himself to Saint Paul with his entire regiment without delay. Of course if he hears of any bodies of Indians between the Missouri and the James Rivers, south of Devil's Lake, I desire him to march against them. The six companies of the Thirtieth which you send down will be united with the other four companies of the regiment which are now of the James River, and the regiment will go South, where troops are more needed than I can venture to write you. Please execute these instructions, general, with as little delay as possible.

Respectfully, general, your obedient servant,

JNO. POPE,

Major-General, Commanding.

HDQRS. DIST. OF MINNESOTA, DEPT. OF THE NORTHWEST, Saint Paul, Minn., August 16, 1864.

Lieutenant-Colonel PFAENDER,

Commanding Second Sub-District, Fort Ridgely:

COLONEL: Lieutenant Darrow, commanding detachment Company K, Second Minnesota Cavalry, dispatched to the frontier by way of Mankato, was instructed to report to you on his arrival at the latter

47 R R-VOL XLI, PT II

