
sent a person with instructions to go to the headquarters of Major Ravana, commanding the Sub-marine Corps, and learn the position of their camp, and also, if possible, their strength and intentions. In regard to forces in this vicinity, I do not think there are more than 1, 5000 men fit for service between Yazoo City and Baton Rouge, for I have information, in which I have much confidence, that the most of General Wirt Adams' men were sent to assist General Forrest and were sent with his forces to Atlanta, and also, as I reported to you, about 10,000 strong from General Kirby Smith's command. I have a scout out on this side of the river who has been out about two weeks. When he returns I hope to be able to give you a reliable statement of affairs between here and Pearl River. I sent you a request some days since for the use of a small steamer, which I hope will meet with your approval, as I think I could do good service with one, for almost every day I hear of opportunities for doing service, but at too great a distance for my corps to go by land at present, as I have only arms for twenty men and those are not such as I expected, for I have heard nothing from my requisition for ordnance stores at Memphis yet. I also respectfully request that if possible you will furnish me some maps of this country, as I can obtain none here that are of any account. I also with to add a statement which was overlooked in my last report. On the 3rd of August P. M. McGuire, of my command, received $175 in U. S. Treasury notes and a gray mare from one A. Walcott, of this place. The money and the horse were given as a bribe to McGuire in consideration that he should not give evidence against five bales of cotton which I had seized from Walcott and turned over to the Treasury agent, Walcott supposing there was not sufficient evidence against the cotton to condemn it without McGuire's, which McGuire knew was not the case. McGuire has since gone on secret duty, and I allowed him to retain the money for use and have made no charge against him for it. I reported this transaction to the authorities here, but accidentally omitted it in my report to you. The receipts for this cotton will be forwarded to you will my next report. I was not able to send them with my last as they were not signed. I also wish to state that General Orders, Numbers 33, from headquarters of Militia Division of West Mississippi, was never enforced by the authorities here until to-day, August 17, and I first saw the order some ten days since.

I am, sir, with great respect, your most obedient servant,

I. N. EARL,

First Lieutenant, Commanding Special Scouts.

P. S.-Give my best respects to Captain Wilson and all my friends there who would be pleased wit ha remembrance from me.

[First indorsement.]

AUGUST 22, 1864.

[Colonel C. G. SAWTELLE:]

COLONEL: General C[anby] says that he is under the impression that the small steamer asked for by Lieutenant Earl was sent up. Is he correct?

Very respectfully,

C. T. CHRISTENSEN,

Major and Assistant Adjutant-General.

[Second indorsement.]

The small steamer has not been sent. I have been expecting daily some small steamers from the Marine Brigade from Vicksburg, one of

