
which I designed sending for this duty. They have not yet arrived, however. There is so small steamer now here suitable for the purpose, and to send a large one would cripple the means of transportation here. I will try and get a suitable boat within a day or two.

Respectfully,

C. G. SAWTELLE,

Quartermaster.
SPECIAL ORDERS, HDQRS. MIL. DIV. OF WEST MISSISSIPPI, Numbers 100. New Orleans, la., August 17, 1864.

* * * *

4. Captain Frederic Speed, assistant adjutant-general of volunteers, is hereby assigned to duty at headquarters Defenses of New Orleans, and will report accordingly without delay to Brigadier General T. W. Sherman, commanding.

By order of Major General E. R. S. Canby:

C. T. CHRISTENSEN,Major and Assistant Adjutant-General.

SPECIAL ORDERS, HDQRS. DEPARTMENT OF THE GULF, Numbers 220. New Orleans, August 17, 1864.

* * * *

2. Upon his own request and in consideration of the fact that his regiment has been permanently removed from this department, Colonel T. E. Chickering, assistant provost-marshal-general, is hereby relieved from duty as such, and will report to Major General J. J. Reynolds, commanding Nineteenth Army Corps, for orders.

* * * *

8. Brigadier General James Bowen having been relieved from duty in this department, and the office of provost-marshal-general falling vacant, Colonel Harai Robinson, First Louisiana Cavalry, will assume the duties of that office and be obeyed and respected accordingly.

* * * *

19. Major Thomas T. Gamble, Eleventh New York Cavalry Volunteers, is hereby relieved from duty with Colonel J. P. Sherburne, chief of cavalry of department, and will report to Colonel Harai Robinson, provost-marshal-general of the department, for duty.

* * * *

By command of Major-General Banks:

W. D. PUTNAM,

Acting Assistant Adjutant-General.
HEADQUARTERS DEFENSES OF NEW ORLEANS, New Orleans, August 17, 1864.

Colonel HARRIS,

Commanding at Brashear City:

I am directed by the general commanding to say that he does not wish any alterations to be made in these defensive works, as orders will be given on that subject from department headquarters, and that you will confine yourself at present to keeping the works as now constructed

