
announced in Major-General Steele's letter. Up to this hour (7 p. m.) I have no information of General West's movements. Residents to the westward of this place report that "Dobbin was ordered to join Shelby, but that the order was countermanded as the Yankees were falling back." Again, to-day I was assured by a countryman that Dobbin had moved up toward Cotton Plant, leaving a force of from 300 to 400 near Indian Bay. I shall ascertain the correctness of this and try and destroy those left. White men who were captured on the leased plantations have escaped, but as they came hereby the way of Devall's Bluff you have undoubtedly heard their story. To what extent am I expected to afford protection to leased plantations?

I am, colonel, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

WM. CROOKS,

Colonel Sixth Minnesota Infantry, Commanding District.
HDQRS. FIRST DIVISIONS, SEVENTH ARMY CORPS, Little Rock, Ark., August 17, 1864.

Colonel J. F. RITTER,First Missouri Volunteer Cavalry, Commanding Third Brigade:

COLONEL: You will send out a cavalry force of 400 men, under a competent commander, to make a reconnaissance as far as Princeton. The command will be supplied with five days' short rations and start to-morrow morning. The officer in command will report to the brigadier-general commanding in person fro instructions.

By order of Brigadier General C. Bussey:

A. BLOCKI,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

DEVALL'S BLUFF, August 17, 1864-2 p. m.

Captain C. H. DYER,

Assistant Adjutant-General, Little Rock:

The Third Michigan got in this morning; balance of the cavalry expected by night. Shelby and McCray, no doubt, are near Jacksonport, and will probably move somewhere soon. Many of their men are still unarmed. We ought to be in readiness to strike them severe blow, if opportunity arises. The Celeste might ferry cavalry to the east side of White River at Des Arc. At the same time a force of infantry on another boat might be sent up the river to co-operate. Shelby has a bridge over Black River. If he crossed and undertook to escape he would probably destroy it. In that case our troops could be crossed on the boat in pursuit. I am decidedly in favor of carrying the war into Africa with these fellows, and I will heartily give my aid, in however obscure duties, to any movement calculated to suppress or expel them. I recommend that another steam-boat be kept here. The Celeste is needed by the quartermaster most of the time. The service would be promoted by having an additional boat here all the time.

C. C. ANDREWS,

Brigadier-General, Commanding.

(Copy to General Steele.)

