
organize the regiment that will rendezvous at this point. Colonel Eberman relinquishes his authority on his own motion. I shall go to Hannibal and Louisiana to-night. Dispatches will reach me at Hannibal until 5 p. m. to-day.

CLINTON B. FISK,

Brigadier-General.

MACON, MO., August 17, 1864.

Captain HOLLOWAY,

Assistant Adjutant-General:

I have just returned from a visit to Allen, Sturgeon, Mexico, and Warrenton. Colonel Dyer's regiment will fill up speedily. Colonel Eberman relinquishes his authority and Captain Forbes goes into the Forty-second Regiment. I go to Louisiana and Hannibal to-night.

FISK,

Brigadier-General.
HEADQUARTERS TROOPS IN THE FIELD, Liberty, Mo., August 17, 1864.

Brigadier General C. B. FISK,Commanding District of North Missouri:

GENERAL: Since my telegram of the 13th instant nothing of note has transpired. I returned yesterday from a chase after Bill Anderson and his gang. We followed nearly to the Carroll line, and as there were some 200 Ray County militia in close pursuit and far ahead of me, and getting farther every hour, I sent dispatch to the commanding officer to pursue them, and returned. My stock is entirely worn down, having been on the go ever since we came, and were in very poor condition when we received them at Saint Louis. This section of the country is entirely free from bushwhackers. I have not heard of the presence of one for four days. I called in all the citizens of the county and swore them into the service under General Orders, Numbers 107, and have sent them to their homes to act as scouts and informants. If you desire it I can send 100 men into Carroll County to clean it out. They killed quite a number of the Enrolled Missouri Militia in Ray County, bur invariably on the approach of any of my men would run. Being so very much better mounted than I am, they generally escaped. I am information that Thrialkill is very dangerously wounded-shot in the neck. A Union lady dressed his wound on Friday night last. There are several of them wounded and hidden through the county. Some have been taken to Platte. I think Thrailkill is in Platte. He was taken north and west of here the night mentioned.

I am, sir, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

E. C. CATHERWOOD,

Colonel, Commanding.

HUNTSVILLE, MO., August 17, 1864.

General FISK:

A force of 100 men was reported near Salisbury, in Chariton County, at 6 o'clock this morning. They were reported as Carroll County militia

