
and coming to Huntsville in pursuit of Anderson. The news came through a rebel source, and the men having not reported here it raised the suspicion that they are guerrillas. The latest news for Anderson he was south of this place going toward Howard. It is believed here he is not far from the old battle-ground on Silver Creek resting his men. Can you not give additional force at this place or others so that we may do something?

A. F. DENNY,

Lieutenant-Colonel, &amp;c.
SPECIAL ORDERS, WAR DEPT., ADJT. GENERAL'S OFFICE, Numbers 273. Washington, August 17, 1864.

* * * *

40. The following assignment of signal officers is hereby made:

* * * *

Captain Edwin J. Meeker, to the command of the signal detachment, Department of Kansas.

* * * *

By order of the Secretary of War:

E. D. TOWNSEND,Assistant Adjutant-General.
HEADQUARTERS DISTRICT OF SOUTH KANSAS, Paola, August 17, 1864.

Major C. S. CHARLOT,

Asst. Adjt. General, Dept. of Kansas, Fort Leavenworth, Kans.:

MAJOR: Your two communications of yesterday were received in there night. With the help you have sent into the district I think the enemy will not venture. At all events, I will not call for more at present. I have authorized Colonel Blair to retain Captain Conkey's command at Fort Scott for the present, as only a part of it is mounted, and I have lately moved part of the Fifteenth [Kansas Cavalry] from his sub-district. Everything is quiet in Missouri near the line, they having scattered back according to their programme. Will try and keep you posted, but there is no use in trying to do so by telegraph, for I am satisfied there is treachery in the office at fort Leavenworth as well as there has been here, of which I amy have something to say hereafter.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

THO. J. McKEAN,

Brigadier-General, U. S. Volunteers, Commanding District.
HEADQUARTERS TROOPS IN JOHNSON COUNTY, KANS., Olathe, August 17, 1864.

Colonel THOMAS MOONLIGHT,

Third Sub-District of South Kansas:

COLONEL: I have the honor to inclose copy of order and telegrams from Governor Carney, just served upon me by Brigadier General W. H. M. Fishback, Kansas State Militia. I am informed by Captain J. G. Rees, commanding post of Olathe, that Colonel Keeler has ordered the military all home, and they have all gone except one sentinel, who will not desert his post. A number have gone who were on guard and were informed by their militia officers they were relieved. Last night John

