
W. Sponable, county treasurer, persuaded twenty-one men to desert and go home. All the militia, I expect, will go, at their several stations, upon this order. Captain Rees has ordered the arrest of all, but keeps the other in abeyance until these facts being submitted to you shall be authoritatively considered. Under this mixed state of affairs I cannot recognize the right of anybody to relieve any portion of the militia under my command excepting Colonel Moonlight, Brigadier-General McKean, or Major-General Curtis. The men are not to blame. They think the proceeding is legal. Sponable told those who went last night after General Lane's speech that he was authorized to say by the Governor that they should go home.

Awaiting your decision and orders in the premises, believe me faithfully yours,

GEO. H. HOYT,

Lieutenant-Colonel, Commanding.

[Indorsement.]
HDQRS. SUB-DISTRICT Numbers 3, DIST. OF SOUTH KANSAS, Paola, August 18, 1864.

Respectfully referred to district headquarters for the information of the general commanding. I have relieved the militia from duty and instructed Colonel Hoyt to release all the men in confinement, as the blame is with the Governor more than the men. While the citizens of a county should promptly turn out for their own protection and defense, yet, as the Governor is their commander-in-chief, it is but natural to expect they will follow in his footsteps.

T. MOONLIGHT,Colonel Eleventh Kansas Cavalry, Commanding.

[Inclosure Numbers 1.]

GENERAL ORDERS, HDQRS. FIFTH BRIGADE DISTRICT, Numbers 17. KANSAS STATE MILITIA, Olathe, August 17, 1864.

I. Colonel J. A. Keeler, commanding Thirteenth Regiment Kansas State Militia, is hereby ordered to relieve from duty temporarily the number of men called into active service for thirty days by order of Brigadier-General McKean.

II. The men thus relieved will hold themselves in readiness for active service at any moment.

III. Captains of companies are charged with the duty of executing these orders, and will hold their companies in readiness in any emergency.

By order of W. H. M. Fishback, brigadier-general, Kansas State Militia.

H. McBRIDE,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

[Inclosure Numbers 2.]

LEAVENWORTH, August 17, 1864.

General W. H. M. FISHBACK:

Wrote and telegraphed to General McKean about his action in calling out the militia, but am without reply. If in your judgement there is no necessity for their services, you will relieve them from further duty.

THOS. CARNEY,

Governor.

