
salt, coffee, and sugar. The men will receive no pay, as per agreement, and will move forward from Atchison as soon as possible. The arms and ammunition will be returned to Fort Leavenworth at the end of the expedition.

* * * * * *

By order of Brigadier General T. A. Davies:

D. J. CRAIGIE,

Captain and Assistant Adjutant-General.

KEARNY, August 17, 1864.

Major-General CURTIS,

Omaha:

All the mounted force I have is now on the Republican. Will probably hear from there to-day. I just completed a corral here, and will make all the temporary works I can for the protection of troops. Cottonwood is entirely inclosed with pickets and can be easily held. I am just informed the Indians attacked a post fifteen miles this side of Denver yesterday. They also made their appearance eight miles west of here last night. I am just going west to see how the thing looks. Will be back in three hours.

ROBT. S. MITCHELL,

Brigadier-General, Commanding.

COTTONWOOD, August 17, 1864.

General MITCHELL,

Kearny:

Detachment I sent out to help stages reported attacked. Sent orderly back; says no fight, but Indians plenty in every direction. Were shooting arrows into cattle so as not to kill them, but leaving them stick.

GEO. M. O'BRIEN,

Major, Commanding.

(Copy to Major-General Curtis.)
HEADQUARTERS DISTRICT OF COLORADO,Denver, August 17, 1864.

Captain CHARLES KERBER,

First Cavalry of Colorado:

CAPTAIN: I have the honor to inform you that Lieutenant Shoup, who is in pursuit of the party of guerrillas who have recently been committing depredations in this vicinity, writes from Pueblo, under date of August 13, 1864, that he has captured a portion of Reynolds' party, and has learned that re-enforcements to the party are expected at Ute Mountain Valley and various other localities. Lieutenant Shoup is pressing them hard, and they may come in your directions. The colonel commanding directs that you keep a lookout for them.

I have the honor to be, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

J. S. MAYNARD,

Acting Assistant Adjutant-General.

