
had two good revolvers and a fine citizen rifle; said he was en route for the Ute Mountain Valley, where he would meet twenty-five men that day to join Reynolds' party; said they had a camp over there, pointing in the direction of the Cucharas; said more men would join them from other localities and gave the names of many." My informant remembers the names only of Ed. English. Charles Donelson, and Jimmy Austin, with all of whom he was well acquainted; says they are hard men and old jail birds. My informant will be in Denver in a few days, with whom you can have a personal interview. I think his story much exaggerated, but give it for your information just as I received it. However, the Mexicans tell of a band of armed men on head of the Cucharas, which seems to confirm the former statement. I will look after them before returning to Denver. It is my wish that this letter be not made pubic.

I am, with great respect, your obedient servant,

GEO. L. SHOUP,

First Lieutenant, First Cavalry of Colorado.
HEADQUARTERS DEPARTMENT OF THE NORTHWEST,Milwaukee, Wis., August 17, 1864.

Major General H. W. HALLECK,

Chief of Staff of the Army, Washington, D. C.:

GENERAL: Your telegram of yesterday has just been received. It is to be regretted that misrepresentations from irresponsible persons, necessarily ignorant of the facts concerning the official business of army officers charged with responsible duties, and concerning the number of troops under their command, are made to the authorities of the Government; but as such always has been and no doubt always will be the case, there is no remedy, except to submit. I particularly regret, however, that such irresponsible statements should have any weight with the Government or with any of the military authorities in the face of the official return s made from this department. To this, also, my duty as an officer requires me to submit without complaint; but I respectfully represent that such a course renders the position of any officer very mortifying and very hard to bear. I have fully stated, in my letter to you of the 12th instant, the number and position of the troops in this department. I have the honor to request that a copy of that letter be furnished to Lieutenant-General Grant. Under present circumstances it is not, in my judgment, possible at present to send away any of these troops until they are replaced without exposing to the certainty of formidable Indian raids the entire frontier, and causing the depopulation of all the frontier settlements. Whether the Government is willing that this should be done, and is ready to resist the reasonable and general outcry it would occasion in the frontier States, I am not able to judge. Already I have sent away many more men than we approved by the district commanders on the frontier, who have written me repeated letters setting forth the absolute need of troops I have already sent South.

Of course the exact condition of affairs on the frontier is better known to me than it can possibly be to anybody not possessed of the same accurate and constant information. Upon that knowledge I base my opinions, and have made up the judgment which I have several times communicated to you. It is possible that I may be wrong, but I have judged by the best lights attainable by anybody, and with no view

