
Brigadier General Elias S. Dennis, U. S. Volunteers, to the command of the division; Colonel Benjamin Dornblaser, Forty-sixth Illinois Volunteers, to the command of the First Division; Colonel J. R. Slack, Forty-seventh Indiana Veteran Volunteers, to the command of the Second Brigade; Colonel Joshua J. Guppey, Twenty-third Wisconsin Volunteers, to the command of the Third Brigade.

By command of Brigadier General M. K. Lawler:

B. WILSON,

Captain and Assistant Adjutant-General.

LITTLE ROCK, ARK., August 18, 1864-6.15 p. m.

Brigadier General C. C. ANDREWS,

Commanding Devall's Bluff, Ark.:

Do not move all the infantry in from the hay camps till the contractors can make arrangements with other men to work for them. It would be well to leave a company of infantry at each hay station permanently, if you can spare them. My orders regarding the First Nebraska do not seem to have been carried out.

E. A. CARR,

Brigadier-General, Commanding.

DEVALL'S BLUFF, ARK., August 18, 1864-7 p. m.

Captain C. H. DYER,

Assistant Adjutant-General, Little Rock:

General Carr's dispatch of 6.15 just received. The mounted force of the First Nebraska was brought in as the expedition was starting, by Lieutenant-Colonel Stephens, without authority. It being here, however, it was best to let it go on the expedition. I had intended to take the First Nebraska as part of the escort for the wagon train. Mr. Johnston say he will not be ready till day after to-morrow.

C. C. ANDREWS,

Brigadier-General, Commanding.

WARRENSBURG, August 18, 1864.

Colonel JAMES H. FORD,

Kansas City:

Lieutenant-Colonel Lazear, with eight companies of the First Missouri State Militia, is making a rapid movement from Saline to the western line of La Fayette. Make such disposition of your force as will most likely intercept any gangs that he may drive out.

By order:

J. H. STEGER,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

KANSAS CITY, August 18, 1864.

Captain JAMES H. STEGER,

Warrensburg:

At about what time will Colonel Lazear and his troops be on the western line of La Fayette County?

JAS. H. FORD,

Colonel, Commanding.

