
WARRENSBURG, August 18, 1864.

Colonel J. H. FORD,

Kansas City:

Colonel Lazear will reach the western line of La Fayette County to-morrow night or the next day.

By order:

J. H. STEGER,

Assistant Adjutant-General.
HDQRS. FOURTH SUB-DIST., DIST. OF CENTRAL MISSOURI,Kansas City, Mo., August 18, 1864.

Captain I. F. EVENS,

Hickman Mills, Mo.:

SIR: Continual information being received at these headquarters of bushwhackers in the vicinity of your station, the colonel commanding desires that you will be a little more particular in regard to scouting done from your camp. He wishes you to keep scouting parties out at all times, day and night, both mounted and on foot, and if you have not got horses send out more on foot, so as to keep the brush immediately in the vicinity of your camp thoroughly cleared from them, as he does not wish to hear of any more reports of bushwhackers in your vicinity. Perhaps it would be best to send out all dismounted. Start them at night and let them lie in the brush and wait for the enemy. Set some trap for them, or fix them in some way.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

ROBERT S. ROE,

Acting Assistant Adjutant-General.

GENERAL ORDERS, HDQRS. DIST. OF SOUTHWEST MISSOURI, Numbers 62. Springfield, Mo., August 18, 1864.

I. The southern limit of this military district as now constituted is the dividing line between the States of Missouri and Arkansas. This line is hereby declared closed to all ingress or egress to or from this district, except upon proper permits, until further orders. All persons not in the military service of the United States, or States of Missouri or Arkansas, passing or attempting to pass this line without proper permits will be arrested by any officer or soldier of this command who shall detect such person or persons so passing or attempting to pass, and delivered to the district provost-marshal at these headquarters, who will make a full investigation of their cases and recommend such proceedings as the interests of the service require. Permits to citizens or persons not in the military service to pass this line will be granted at these headquarters by the district provost-marshal. Passes granted by the commanding officer of the Department of Arkansas or of any district or post in Arkansas will be respected.

By order of Brigadier-General Sanborn:

W. D. HUBBARD,

First Lieutenant and Acting Assistant Adjutant-General.

