
SAINT JOSEPH, MO., August 18, 1864.

Colonel O. D. GREENE,

Assistant Adjutant-General:

Major Hilliard, commanding at Weston, reports that troops of his command chased Cy. Gordon this morning and succeeded in capturing his horse and saddle, but Gordon escaped to the underbrush. At later advices they were hunting after him. He was seen and identified by citizens of Platte County, who are personally acquainted with him.

Very respectfully,

G. A. HOLLOWAY,

Assistant Adjutant-General.
HEADQUARTERS,Liberty, Mo., August 18, 1864.

Brigadier General C. B. FISK,

Commanding District of North Missouri:

GENERAL: Scouts from all sections of the county have come in to-day and not a single guerrilla can be heard from. I do not think there is a mounted guerrilla in the county. I have filled up the two companies of Enrolled Missouri Military stationed here, and so arranged sworn informants through the county that I think they can now take good care of the county. Anderson in his exit killed quite a number of Ray County militia and loyal citizens, almost entirely from want of proper organization and discipline. If you deem it best I can move down through Carroll, Boone, and Howard Counties and clean them up. We have nothing to do here. I have ordered quite a number of the most notorious families in the county to leave, of course subject to the approval of the commanding general. If they are permitted to remain you will soon have another page of like outrages. The people now feel they have made a great mistake in the strength of the Government. Men of all classes are once more returning to their farms; a general good feeling seems to prevail.

I am, sir, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

E. C. CATHERWOOD,

Colonel, Commanding.

OMAHA, NEBR. TERR., August 18, 1864.

Major-General HALLECK,

Chief of Staff:

General Mitchell telegraphs from Fort Kearny that Captain Murphy encountered 500 well-armed Indians on Elk Creek, near Republican. Had a fight, killed 10 Indians and lost 2 soldiers; drove Indians ten miles, but had to fall back, pursued by Indians thirty miles.

S. R. CURTIS,

Major-General.

FORT LEAVENWORTH, August 18, 1864.

Major-General CURTIS,

Omaha, Nebr. Ter.:

Your dispatch from Omaha received last night. Matters here quiet; all well. Mrs. Fisk and family arrived yesterday. General McKean has arrested the operator at Paola, and complains of the operators here.

