
return to Mound City, from which place he was ordered by me temporarily, to supply the place of those arrested. Having already reported the fact of the arrest of the operators here, as well as my action in calling the one from Mound City, and requested to have the place supplied, I consider that further interference on my part will be improper, although my headquarters may be left without telegraphic communication with department headquarters and with points in my own command. I am not well posted in the organization of the telegraphic service, but request that proper steps be taken to have operators supplied here.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

THO. J. McKEAN,

Brigadier-General, U. S. Volunteers, Commanding District.
HDQRS. SUB-DISTRICT Numbers 3, DIST. OF SOUTH KANSAS,Paola, August 18, 1864.

Captain H. PEARCE,

Commanding, Coldwater Grove:

Lieutenant Ridgway will report to you at Coldwater Grove to-day with all the available mounted men of Company H. This places in your hands a sufficient number of mounted men not only to insure your safety in case of an invasion but to enable you to give the country north, south, and east a thorough scouting by day and night. An attack is still threatened on this place, and with the departure of Company H our picketing will necessarily be reduced; hence our trust in thee. Communicate with me fully in case of any discoveries.

Respectfully, your obedient servant,

T. MOONLIGHT,

Colonel Eleventh Kansas Cavalry, Commanding.
HEADQUARTERS DISTRICT OF UPPER ARKANSAS,Fort Riley, Kans., August 18, 1864.

Major CHARLOT,

Assistant Adjutant-General:

I am just in receipt of intelligence from Salina that on the 16th instant seven men of Company H, Seventh Iowa Cavalry, en route to Smoky Hill Crossing, were attacked by a party of Indians estimated from 100 to 300. Four of the party were killed, the other three made their escape and came into Salina. Messenger with dispatches for Fort Larned was turned back. These dispatches were to direct the commanding officer at Fort Larned to concentrate his force as much as possible, and intercept a party of Indians moving south from the Fort Kearny and Denver road. Probably it was some of the same party who attacked and killed the men of Company H, Seventh Iowa Cavalry, on the 16th instant. I have written several communications to the general since the 10th instant urging him, if possible, to send me more troops, and horses to mount the few I have. I have as yet received no response and have just learned that the general is absent in Nebraska. Please inform me what I may rely upon in regard to troops and horses. I am entirely powerless to do anything more than to try and hold a few points on the mail route for want of force, and I

