
am informed by Major Fillmore that the term of service of five companies of the First Colorado Cavalry, now on duty in this district, will expire by the 7th of September.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

J. G. BLUNT,

Major-General.

FORT KEARNY, August 18, 1864.

Major-General CURTIS:

Captain Murphy has just returned from the Blue. Undertook to go from the Blue to the Republican. Got as far as Elk Creek. Met 500 well-armed Indians; had a fight; killed 10 Indians and lost 2 soldiers. Was compelled to fall back after driving Indians ten miles. Indians followed him thirty miles on his retreat. Things look blue all around this morning.

ROBT. B. MITCHELL,

Brigadier-General, Commanding.

OMAHA, August 18, 1864.

Brigadier General ROBERT B. MITCHELL,

Fort Kearny, Nebr. ter.:

General Curtis has issued the horses already purchased, about sixty, to the First Nebraska, and started them out. I will get horses to David as soon as possible. First Nebraska leaves this morning for the west. Five hundred horse equipments have been turned over at Fort Leavenworth for shipment here.

JNO. PRATT,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

DENVER, COLO., August 18, 1864.

(Received 10.50 p. m.)

Honorable E. M. STANTON:

Extensive Indian depredations, with under of families, occurred yesterday thirty miles south of Denver. Our lines of communication are cut, and our crops, our sole dependence, are all in exposed localities, and cannot be gathered by our scattered population. Large bodies of Indians are undoubtedly near to Denver, and we are in danger of destruction both from attacks of Indians and starvation. I earnestly request that Colonel Ford's regiment, Second Colorado Volunteers, be immediately sent to our relief. It is impossible to exaggerate our danger. We are doing all we can for our defense.

JNO. EVANS,

Governor.

DENVER, August 18, 1864.

Major-General CURTIS,

Commanding Department:

The Indians attacked the settlements thirty miles south of this place yesterday, burning ranches and killing families of settlers. We are in danger of starvation, as our sparsely settled population cannot gather

