
their corps, and both our lines of communications are cut. We look to you to keep the Platte line open; otherwise our condition is hopeless. We are doing all we can for our defense.

JNO. EVANS,

Governor of Colorado Territory.
HEADQUARTERS DISTRICT OF COLORADO,Denver, August 18, 1864.

Major S. C. CHARLOT,

Asst. Adjt. General, Dept. of Kansas, Fort Leavenworth:

Have honor to report that Indians are all around us. All troops out after guerrillas. Six of these caught and killed. Hundred-days' regiment will fill up in ten days perhaps. Utes are threatening. Have proclaimed martial law, and am preparing for defense as fast as I can. Have large number of negroes here. Can easily raise a company for 100 days; most likely two or three. Can I do it? Needed immediately for defense against Indians.

J. M. CHIVINGTON,

Colonel, Commanding District.

CAMP FILLMORE, August 18, 1864.

ASSISTANT ADJUTANT-GENERAL:

SIR: I am pleased to inform the headquarters of the District of Colorado of my arrival at Camp Fillmore as per order. Affairs are very exciting in this locality, caused by Indian difficulty. Yesterday I found, some eight miles below here, the dead bodies of three men who had been murdered by Indians on Sunday last. There was a woman along and probably carried off in captivity, as no trace could be found of her. I may add that I sent out scouts in all directions endeavoring to find all that I could in relation to the matter. I also found one Government wagon (six-mule) and one ambulance, which I brought with me. There was in the wagons some household furniture, probably belonging to the family that composed the party, the names of which as far as I can learn are Bennett, a teamster, Snyder, a Government blacksmith in the employ of Lieutenant Cossitt, and Colonel Boone, says that Dyer, of Company F, and his wife were along. I do not know whether they were or not. The inhabitants in this settlement are much excited, and a great many think of abandoning their farms. I have persuaded some of them to remain, and I will afford them all the protection in my power. As there is a great deal of corn now in the process of ripening I consider it my duty to encourage the inhabitants to gather and save all they can. I presume that there is more grain raised from this point to Pueblo than all the rest of the Territory. The people seem perfectly willing to protect themselves, but only a few have arms and ammunition, and they seem afraid to organize in militia companies for fear that they may be ordered in other parts of the Territory and leave their homes and crops. I am not camping on the site of old Camp Fillmore, but about half a mile this side. This bottom (the one the camp is situated on) is grown up with all rank weeds and is very wet and muddy, and very unfavorable for military purposes. I think (without I get orders to the contrary) I shall move a few miles up the

