
sure I would not have overtaken them had they not felt sure they could whip me. By the time you overtake them your animals are reduced for want of forage, your rations are out, and you have to fall back. The only way to finish up these Indians is to establish depots of provisions at points in their country, and keep after them till you run them down. I don't think the Indians will ever again attempt to unite and make a stand against the whites. They are fully convinced that they can do nothing, and the Unkpapas, who have been the great boasters that they alone could clear out any body of whites sent against them, were the poorest fighters in the whole crowd that opposed me. Although I may not have been successful in carrying out all the expectations of the Government in building the posts and entirely finishing the war-that is, bringing the Indians to their knees to beg for peace-yet we have done everything that was in the power of man to do with the obstacles before us-want of water, want of grass, and want of everything to eat. Yet with all these drawbacks we have completely crushed the united power of all the Sioux and dispersed them in all directions. I am told the Santees are on the Mouse River almost starving and want to give themselves up. If they are not too far for rations on hand I will send after them. I shall write you officially about this post and Indian matters here. Why can't the Government send all the traders out of the country. The annuity goods, also, is a matter that beats anything I have heard in rascality, if all I have heard is true. I shall get affidavits t the facts.

With respect, yours,

ALF. SULLY,

Brigadier-General.
HDQRS. DIST. OF MINNESOTA, DEPT. OF THE NORTHWEST,Saint Paul, Minn., August 18, 1864,.

Major General JOHN POPE,

Milwaukee:

Please apply for an order from War Department directing companies of Eleventh Minnesota Volunteers and Independent Battalion to report to me for duty as fast as organized. They may be wanted at any moment on the frontier. Sharps or Smiths carbines and accouterments for two companies of battalion should be sent here without delay.

H. H. SIBLEY,

Brigadier-General, Commanding.

MILWAUKEE, WIS., August 18, 1864.

Major J. F. MELINE,

Actg. Asst. Adjt. General, Dept. of the Northwest, Milwaukee, Wis.:

MAJOR: I have the honor to report that in pursuance of Special Orders, dated department headquarters, Milwaukee, Wis., June 27, 1864, I have visited Bayfield and other important points on the south shore of Lake Superior, and after a full and thorough investigation am fully convinced of the loyalty of the Chippewas, and assure you there is no occasion for the least alarm in that region of country.

I have the honor to be, major, your very obedient servant,

JOHN COOK,

Brigadier-General, U. S. Volunteers.

