
your ladies if you do not quit imprisoning ours. As to the prisoner Ervin you have in Lexington, I have never seen nor heard of him until I learned that such a man was sentenced to be shot. I suppose that he is a Southern man or such a sentence wound not have been passed. I hold the citizens of Lexington responsible for his life. The troops in Lexington are no protection to the town, only in the square. If he is killed, I will kill twenty times his number in Lexington. I am perfectly able to do so at any time.

Yours, respectfully,

W. ANDERSON,

Commanding Kansas First Guerrillas.

(Editors will please publish this and other papers copy.)

[Indorsement.]
HEADQUARTERS CENTRAL DISTRICT OF MISSOURI,Warrensburg, July 18, 1864.

Respectfully referred to Major-General Rosecrans, commanding Department of the Missouri, as a curiosity and specimen of a guerrillas chief's correspondence.

E. B. BROWN,

Brigadier-General of Volunteers, Commanding.

FORT LEAVENWORTH, July 7, 1864.

Brigadier-General FISK,

Saint Joseph, Mo.:

One of the militia stationed at Parkville has arrived here and states that that place was attacked by guerrillas this a. m. This man was away from his quarters and fled, but heard firing for half an hour. He says he saw fifteen or twenty guerrillas.

S. S. CURTIS,

Major and Aide-de-Camp.

RICHMOND, MO., July 7, 1864.

Brigadier General CLINTON B. FISK,

Saint Joseph:

I wrote a note to Captain Holloway from Weston telling him of our skirmish on Sunday last. The next day the rascals were reported in every direction moving, and not considering it safe to trust the railroad party to the Paw Paws, I came with them to Liberty. Upon my arrival there I found Captain Kemper in bed with three wounds received in a bushwhack on Monday. Two of his men killed and two wounded, one supposed mortally. Union men of all classes much excited. Every man claiming to be a Union man in Clay county was in Liberty and dare not go home. Captain Kemper thought the worst part of the country was on this side of Liberty, and having to send back five men to Saint Joseph from that place sick, I took twenty men of his command and came on to this place yesterday. There are no troops here which are available as an escort, so I think it necessary for me to go on with the party. I shall send back Captain Kemper's men to-day. I shall send back Captain Kemper's men to-day. I would like if you would telegraph me at Allen, on North

