
the enemy being near by, and not wishing to sacrifice that small garrison without benefit, I have withdrawn it to Vidalia, directing Lieutenant-Colonel McCaleb, in command, to scour the country with 100 cavalry, which I sent him, and protect the plantations as far as possible. The enemy are in such force on each side of me that I must defend, not go out of reach of cover to fight them. With another regiment I could hold Bullitt's Bayou, and afford the lessees that substantial protection which I understand was promised them by General Thomas. The lessees are naturally anxious and pressing. One of them informed me to-day that he would appeal personally to General Canby-Mr. George B. Field. I encouraged him to do so. You will find reference to him in General Dana's report from Natchez, also in the inclosed printed order, Numbers 11, District of Vicksburg.*

Yours, &amp;c.,

M. BRAYMAN,

Brigadier-General, Commanding.
SPECIAL ORDERS, HDQRS. DEPARTMENT OF ARKANSAS, Numbers 197. Little Rock, Ark., August 19, 1864.

I. The battalion of the Eighteenth Illinois Infantry Volunteers is hereby detached from the brigade and division to which it was assigned by Special Orders, Numbers 100, current series, from these headquarters, and will hereafter report to and receive orders direct from these headquarters.

* * * * *

By order of Major General F. Steele:

W. D. GREEN,Assistant Adjutant-General.

GENERAL ORDERS, HDQRS. DISTRICT OF LITTLE ROCK, Numbers 28. Little Rock, Ark., August 19, 1864.

I. Pursuant to General Orders, Numbers 31, headquarters Military Division of West Mississippi, and General Orders, Numbers 63, headquarters Department of Arkansas, all able-bodied males between the ages of eighteen and forty-five within the District of Little Rock will be immediately enrolled in the service, in the militia.

II. The respective commanders of the posts of Little Rock, Devall's Bluff, Lewisburg, Pine Bluff, and Brownsville are charged with carrying out the provisions of General Orders, Numbers 31, above referred to, within the limits of their posts and neighboring country.

III. Each post commander will appoint a special commission, to consist of two line and one medical officer, to hear and determine all claims for exemption from military service on account of alienage or physical disability. He will also appoint a suitable officer to command the militia and to take general control of them as enrolled.

IV. The militia as fast as enrolled will be assigned into companies of maximum infantry strength. Company officers will be recommended by post commanders for appointment at these headquarters, and post commanders will give warrants to non-commissioned officers on recommendations, by elections of the companies.

---------------

*Omitted.

---------------

