
LITTLE ROCK, ARK., August 19, 1864.

COMMANDING OFFICER,

Brownsville:

The One hundred and sixth Illinois will proceed by rail to this place and embark for Pine Bluff. The regiment will take their baggage and equipage and three days' rations.

By order of Brigadier General E. A. Carr:

C. H. DYER,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

LEWISBURG, August 19, 1864.

(Received 7 p. m.)

Captain C. H. DYER,

Assistant Adjutant-General:

Scout in from Red River reports McCray, Freeman, &amp;c., between Batesville and Hickman with 1,500 unarmed men; Shelby camped twelve miles below Jacksonport, opposite Oil Trough Bottom; thinks he has given up the idea of going out below. Is concentrating all the armed men. His men living on meal and fresh beef; his supply is getting scarce.

A. H. RYAN,

Colonel.

GENERAL ORDERS, HDQRS. DEPARTMENT OF THE MISSOURI, Numbers 150. Saint Louis, Mo., August 19, 1864.

I. So much of General Orders, Numbers 139, current series, from these headquarters, as rescinds the authority of assistant provost-marshals to recruit for colored regiments is hereby revoked, and they will recruit, until further orders, under the rules and regulations established prior to the issue of General Orders, Numbers 139. Instead, however, of reporting to the provost-marshal-general of the department with reference to recruiting they will report direct to and receive orders from Brigadier General Thomas Ewing, jr., U. S. Volunteers, in charge of the organization of colored troops for the department. The provost-marshal-general will turn over to General Ewing all records, &c., connected with colored recruiting.

II. Subsistence and transportation for colored recruits will be furnished upon proper and returns and requisitions in the same manner as prescribed in General Orders, Numbers 143, current series, from these headquarters, for recruits for the new regiments of volunteers in process of organization.

III. All commissioned officers serving in the department are called upon to aid and encourage enlisted men of their commands, whom they know to be worthy of promotion, to apply for admission to appear before the board of examination in this city, with a view to their appointment to commissions in colored regiments.

By command of Major-General Rosecrans:

O. D. GREENE,

Assistant Adjutant-General and Chief of Staff.

