
GENERAL ORDERS, HDQRS. DEPARTMENT OF THE MISSOURI, Numbers 152. Saint Louis, Mo., August 19, 1864.

The general commanding the department takes great pleasure in calling attention of both citizens and the army to the gallant conduct of the officers and crew of the steamer Empress during he recent trip from New Orleans to this port. While in a narrow and difficult part of the river, and within musket-range of the shore, the steamer was suddenly fired upon by a heavy rebel battery, supported by a strong body of infantry. The firing was rapid and accurate, almost every shot taking effect, and the boat, filled with unarmed passengers, in a moment became the scene of frantic terror. Passengers in their panic demanded the surrender of the steamer, but the officers coolly remained at their posts and brought her through the danger, saving by their bravery and noble sense of duty incalculable suffering to those on board and the valuable steamer and cargo to the Government. Captain John Molloy, the commander of the Empress, was shot dead at his post, and while the general commanding deeply sympathizes with the grief of the family and friends of the deceased, he holds up this noble example of unflinching resolve in the performance of duty as one worthy the emulation of all. The first and second mates, Hugh Davis and Daniel Davis; the pilots, Thomas Goslee and Enoch King; the engineers and assistants, George Breece, Andrew Pendleton, Judd Weber, and William Tennant, and the first and second clerks, John C. McFaul and William B. Bradley, are worthy of special commendation. Following the example of their gallant captain and regardless of the terror and confusion around them, they remained true to their duty and bore themselves with such bravery as would do no discredit to the "veterans of the naval service."

By command of Major-General Rosecrans:

O. D. GREENE,

Assistant Adjutant-General and Chief of Staff.

WASHINGTON, August 19, 1864-3.40 p. m.

Major-General ROSECRANS, Saint Louis, Mo.:

If the Second Colorado Cavalry can be possibly spared give it to General Curtis to use against the Indians on the plains. The men know the country.

H. W. HALLECK,

Major-General and Chief of Staff.

SAINT LOUIS, MO., August 19, 1864.

Major-General PLEASONTON, Warrensburg, Mo.:

The regimental headquarters of the One hundred and thirty-fifth Illinois Infantry are to be removed to this city. Only so much of the order revoked as refers to Lieutenant-Colonel West.

By order of Major-General Rosecrans:

FRANK ENO,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

SAINT LOUIS, MO., August 19, 1864.

General FISK, Saint Joseph, Mo.:

The general commanding disapproves of paragraph 4 of Special Orders, Numbers 115, from your headquarters, assessing upon counties of

