
Monroe and Shelby the damages done the railroad by guerrillas. The general would have approved of it if there had ever been a general rule of assessment in like cases, but considers this, as a special case, would work injustice. The damage was done by a band of guerrillas too strong for the local militia to resist, and the band came into the counties from such a distance as to forbid any idea of collusion between them and disloyal citizens of the counties. You will be pleased to revoke the paragraph.

O. D. GREENE,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

SAINT JOSEPH, August 19, 1864.

Brigadier-General FISK,

Department Headquarters:

Nothing of an extraordinary nature on hand. Major Hilliard, at Weston, reports skirmishing with the bushwhackers. Captured Cy. Gordon's horse and saddle, but Cyrus escaped. Major McDermott is at Huntsville and will co-operate with other forces in that vicinity to attack Perkins, Holtzclaw &amp; Co., who are reported near Mount Zion, 1,000 strong. He moves on the Roanoke road to intercept them from the west. Your special orders assessing the Monroe and Shelby county rebels is revoked by orders from headquarters. Shall I issue an order annulling our special order? When do you return?

G. A. HOLLOWAY,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

HUNTSVILLE, August 19, 1864.

Brigadier-General FISK:

I have just arrived here with my command; been on the trail for some time; hear that the rebels are in Boone County, near Mount Zion, reported 1,000 strong, commanded by Perkins, Anderson, Holtzclaw, and others. I shall move in that direction immediately and join our forces that are in pursuit. I have with me sixty militia from Carrollton and seventy-five from Brunswick and Keytesville. If you have any orders answer immediately.

Your obedient servant,

JOHN McDERMOTT,

Major, Commanding Cavalry Force.

P. S.-I shall move on the Roanoke road to intercept them from the west.

McDERMOTT.
HEADQUARTERS DISTRICT OF SOUTH KANSAS,Paola, August 19, 1864.

Major General J. G. BLUNT,

Commanding District of the Upper Arkansas, Fort Riley, Ark.:

GENERAL: I have the honor to report for your information that Captain Conkey with his command (Third Wisconsin Cavalry) has been instructed to proceed from Fort Scott to Council Grove, and if no orders meet him there to continue on to Fort Riley.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

THO. J. McKEAN,

Brigadier-General, U. S. Volunteers, Commanding District.

