HDQRS. DIST. OF MINNESOTA, DEPT. OF THE NORTHWEST,Saint Paul, Minn., August 19, 1864.

Major C. P. ADAMS,

Commanding Fort Abercrombie:

MAJOR: I have the honor to acknowledge the receipt of your dispatches of the 12th instant. General Sibley directs me to inform you that there are reports in circulation to the effect that the Chippewas have some hostile designs against the settlements. These reports or rumors are so far unauthorized and probably unfounded, but too much care and vigilance cannot be exercised in and about the posts garrisoned by the troops comprising your command. The scouts should be kept actively employed, and any information that can be gained as to the movements of either Sioux or Chippewas should be communicated as soon as possible to this office. It is to be hoped that the frequent desertions of men from that battalion will now be checked. Prompt and stringent measures, such as are believed you have in your power, should be applied to guard against it; a severe example will be made of any who are apprehended in any such attempts. A supply of beans, potatoes, pickles, &amp;c., was ordered for the use of your command some time since, and which has probably reached Abercrombie before this. If the supply of antiscorbutics is not sufficient a requisition should at once be made for more, so that it may reach there and be of use in arresting the spread of scurvy before the setting in of winter. The twenty-eight unassigned enlisted men who were temporarily assigned to Company E will be retained at their present stations until further orders.

By direction of the brigadier-general commanding:

I am, major, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

R. C. OLIN,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

GENERAL ORDERS, HDQRS. MIL. DIV., OF WEST MISSISSIPPI, Numbers 39. New Orleans, La., August 20, 1864.

I. The following order from the War Department is hereby republished for general information:

GENERAL ORDERS, WAR DEPARTMENT, ADJUTANT-GENERAL'S OFFICE, Numbers 67. Washington, August 26, 1864.

By the fifty-seventh article of the act of Congress, entitled "An act for establishing rules and articles for the government of the Armies of the United States, approved April 10, 1864," holding correspondence with or giving intelligence to the enemy, either directly or indirectly, is made punishable by death or such other punishment as shall be ordered by the sentence of a court-martial. Public safety requires strict enforcement of this article. It is therefore ordered that all correspondence and communication, verbally or by writing, printing, or telegraphing, respecting operations of the army or military movements on land or water, or respecting the troops, camps, arsenals, intrenchments, or military affairs within the several military districts, by which intelligence shall be, directly or indirectly, given to the enemy, without the authority and sanction of the general in command, be and the same are absolutely prohibited, and from and after the date of this order persons violating the same will be proceeded against under the fifty-seventh Article of War.

By order:

L. THOMAS,

Adjutant-General.

II. T. M. C. Cook, correspondent of the New York Herald, and J. B., Chadwick, correspondent of the New York Tribune, who were permitted to accompany the troops operating in Mobile Bay, having abused

