
Missouri Railroad, instructions as to my movements. The stage between this and Lexington was robbed on Saturday. This is the only indication of trouble here. There is to be a meeting to-day under General Orders, Numbers 107.* I think it will be of practical use in this county. If you think better I can return this way, or by the upper county route. Captain Kemper was doing very well when I left him yesterday.

DAN. M. DRAPER,

Lieutenant-Colonel Ninth Cavalry.

GENERAL ORDERS, HDQRS. DEPARTMENT OF KANSAS, Numbers 36. Fort Leavenworth, Kans., July 7, 1864.

The honorable Secretary of War having directed the raising a regiment of 100-days' men in Kansas, and His Excellency the Governor having accepted the terms proposed for furnishing such a regiment, Lieutenant J. R. Kemble, mustering officer, will proceed to muster and furnish the proper officers and men, legally enrolled and reported, according to the rules and directions furnished by the War Department, and also lend all possible legal aid to the officers of the State in their efforts to hurry forward the organization and complete equipment of such a regiment.

By command of Major-General Curtis:

C. S. CHARLOT,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

FORT LEAVENWORTH, July 7, 1864.

Brigadier-General McKEAN,

Paola, Kans.:

Reports here that Parkville, Mo., was attacked by guerrillas this morning, probably not to exceed forty strong. The mail coach was captured ten miles below Independence yesterday and the stock taken.

S. S. CURTIS,

Major and Aide-de-Camp.

PAOLA, July 7, 1864.

Major C. S. CHARLOT,

Assistant Adjutant-General, Fort Leavenworth:

I have ordered Captain McLain, Colorado battery, to assume command at Lawrence, and recommend that he be allowed to remain there until his company comes in from Fort Larned. I think that he will straighten matters, and will not be commanded by citizens.

THOS. J. McKEAN,

Brigadier-General, U. S. Volunteers, Commanding District.

WYANDOTTE, July 7, 1864.

Major-General CURTIS:

Parkville was taken this morning by a large force of bushwhackers, about 6 o'clock. A citizen and his wife wounded seriously. One man,

---------------

*See Vol. XXXIV, Part IV, p. 581.

---------------

