
DEVALL'S BLUFF, August 20, 1864.

Major-General STEELE:

Commercial left here three hours ago. The One hundred and twenty-sixth Illinois has left on the train en route to Pine Bluff. One hundred and sixth Illinois also goes. Shall be anxious to learn anything new from the enemy.

C. C. ANDREWS,

Brigadier-General, Commanding.

DEVALL'S BLUFF, August 20, 1864.-6 p. m.

Captain C. H. DYER,

Little Rock:

Lieutenant-Colonel Moyers chose to take his entire command to-day, and it has gone. The One hundred and twenty-sixth Illinois left on the train about an hour ago. Expect the One hundred and sixth to go on the same train. Hope boats will be ready for them. The First Nebraska is at station two miles this side of Ashley's now. The Third Michigan has gone to Brownsville. Do you want the First Nebraska there as guard for animals? There are ninety serviceable horses and about 200 men of that detachment. The men are all recruits, unassigned, and have never been drilled. It would be well if they could be instructed. I have recommended Lieutenant-Colonel Stephens' resignation.

C. C. ANDREWS,

Brigadier-General, Commanding.

LEWISBURG, August 20, 1864.

(Received 3 p. m.)

Brigadier General E. A. CARR:

GENERAL: I have on hand at this post 120,000 rations, about 250 tons. The only transportation here is that belonging to the regiments and not sufficient to haul the Government property in possession of the regiments. To abandon this post it would force me to destroy about 200 tons of Government stores, unless transportation can be furnished from Little Rock. With what troop are here I think I can hold this place against Shelby, and if you can spare another infantry regiment I know I can. I trust, general, that you will permit the troops that are here to remain, and I am confident that they will not disappoint you. In a moral point of view, as far as this section of country is concerned, I think it will have a bad effect on our cause, as the people hereabouts have been led to believe that we are firmly fixed at this post and they act accordingly. The mere appearance of a withdrawal of troops from this post will seem to them to be an acknowledgement that we are unable or afraid to cope with the forces under Shelby, and I should be sorry to have them believe either. Of course, general, I only speak of matters as I see them from here, not knowing the movements of the enemy in other portions of the district and State. I trust you will excuse them if my ideas seem to be limited ones, and pardon the liberty I have taken in expressing them.

Respectfully,

A. H. RYAN,

Colonel.

