
surprised one of their outposts at a mill; captured several prisoners, 14 horses, and destroyed over 40 sets of horse equipments and a large amount of other stores.

POWELL CLAYTON,

Colonel, Commanding.
HEADQUARTERS,Pine Bluff, Ark., August 20, 1864-8.30 p. m.

Major-General STEELE:

I have nothing further to report. I believe the enemy are making a movement, but am unable to say where. The cavalry command on the Mount Elba and Pine Bluff road, at a place where the country affords no supplies, looks as if a movement was taking place in the rear that they desired to screen. I have sent out a reconnoitering party, with instructions to move out on the Princeton road and sweep around Cabell's camp betwixt it and the Saline. If this can be accomplished we can ascertain if any infantry is crossing the Saline, which I held suspect is the case. I am afraid it will be difficult to keep up telegraphic communication much longer. With the re-enforcements you are sending me I think I can hold this point. If the worst comes to the worst I can retreat across my pontoons. To allow the enemy to obtain this point would be to give them a strong foothold and a good base for operations upon our communications.

POWELL CLAYTON,

Colonel, Commanding.

LITTLE ROCK, ARK., August 20, 1864.

Colonel POWELL CLAYTON,

Commanding Pine Bluff, Ark.:

A reconnaissance of 300 or 400 going toward Princeton to-morrow. Co-operate if you can by sending toward Mount Elba and Jenkins' Ferry. We intend to get out the corn below here on the north side. It would be well for you to operate freely to the north and east, going as far as possible down the river on the north side, and gaining all the information possible.

E. A. CARR,

Brigadier-General, Commanding.
HEADQUARTERS DISTRICT OF LITTLE ROCK,Little Rock, Ark., August 20, 1864.

Colonel POWELL CLAYTON,

Commanding Pine Bluff:

COLONEL: The brigadier-general commanding directs as follows: That you send out frequent scouting parties along the telegraph lines. The operators here think that the wire is cut nearer your post than here. Also that you send scouting parties down the river on the north side. It is reported that you have quite a large number of your command guarding plantations, thereby decreasing your effective force.

50 R R-VOL XLI, PT II

