HDQRS. SECOND SUB-DISTRICT, SAINT LOUIS DISTRICT,Cape Girardeau, Mo., August 20, 1864.

Brigadier-General EWING,

Commanding District of Saint Louis, Mo.:

GENERAL: In accordance with instructions contained in circular letter from district headquarters, dated August 3, I have the honor to make the following report: Throughout this entire sub-district the guerrillas are unusually quiet at this time. I am not aware of there being a single camp, either of guerrillas or Confederates, in any of the counties, under my jurisdiction. Guthrie's and Conyers' companies of guerrillas, who have been a source of great annoyance in Pemiscot, Madrid, and Mississippi Counties, lately joined the Confederate service, and were in the fight against our forces at Elk Chute, in Pemiscot County, on the 4th instant, since when they have not made their appearance in this district. I am well informed that Bowlin and his band of guerrillas have joined the Confederate army, and were ordered to Jacksonport, Ark. From the best information I am able to obtain. I think Shelby is collecting a considerable force of conscripts in camp at different points from the State line down to Jacksonport, along Black and White Rivers. One of my informants says that some 3,000 (mostly new recruits) were lately encamped on the west side of Izard County, Ark., and were under the command of Freeman and Reves. He says he deserted them there, and that a large number will desert the first favorable opportunity; says only about one-half the force were armed. As near as I can learn, Shelby has control of some 6,000 men north and east of White River. About one-half of this force are regular Confederate soldiers; the remainder are conscripts and guerrillas. There are a few unorganized guerrillas in Mississippi and Green Counties, Ark., who occasionally make raids into this sub-district. It is difficult to entirely clear them out while they have a Confederate force so near to fall back to. I will keep my forces continually on the move after them.

I have the honor to be, general, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

H. M. HILLER,

Lieutenant-Colonel, Commanding.

SAINT LOUIS, MO., August 20, 1864.

Brigadier-General FISK,

Saint Joseph, Mo.:

The telegraphic order of yesterday disapproving of paragraph 4, Special Orders, Numbers 115, from your headquarters, is withdrawn in view of a personal interview between the general commanding and General Fisk and certain citizens of Monroe County. General Fisk will use his discretion in the matter.

By order of Major-General Rosecrans:

FRANK ENO,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

WESTON, August 20, 1864.

General FISK:

Unless I have adequate force here there will be great trouble in this county. Cy. Gordon, hotly pursued by my men, is now running through the county with a few men and picking up a force. The inhabitants

