
are alarmed, and as I have only a hundred men I can accomplish but little. He has doubled on this track three times since yesterday morning. The militia force is wholly inadequate, and only the German company of this town are of any use to me at present. Gordon was within three miles of here this morning with eight men, all armed.

H. HILLIARD,

Major, Commanding.
HDQRS. THIRTY-FIFTH Regiment ENROLLED MISSOURI MIL.,Brunswick, Mo., August 20, 1864.

Brigadier General C. B. FISK,

Commanding District of North Missouri, Saint Joseph, Mo.:

GENERAL: I beg leave to report that on the 14th instant Bill Anderson with about eighty men passed through this county in the night. Late in the evening the gun-boat Fanny Ogden came down and reported him in the neighborhood of Hill's Landing, Carroll County, and desired me to send a portion of my force in that direction. Deeming this impracticable, I declined, but sent a force immediately to the fords on Grand River with a view of heading him off. I also ordered all my spare force into the neighborhood he would likely pass through. It turned out that my arrangements were a few hours too late, as he was passing through the north part of the county in a great hurry at the time the Ogden reported him in Carroll. This I did not learn until the morning of the 15th, as the people in the country failed to bring me any information that he was in the county.

On the evening of the 17th Major McDermott, with a company of Iowa cavalry, accompanied by Captain Calvert's company of Enrolled Missouri Militia, from Carroll, arrived here in pursuit. I added seventy-five men of my command, under Captain Stanley and Lieutenant Owens, and the whole command started on the 18th to hunt Anderson up if possible. Twenty-five of my command returned to-day, by direction of Major McDermott, because their horses, not being shod, could not travel. I regret to be compelled to state that two of the men sent out by me straggled from the command while they were in Randolph County, and in attempting to get home were captured by a small band of bushwhackers skulking through the county. The two men were disarmed and allowed to come home. I shall punish them severely for their conduct. Major McDermott with his command, consisting of the Iowa cavalry, Captain Calvert's company of Enrolled Missouri Militia, and about fifty men of my command, continued the pursuit toward the Perche Hills, where he had information the bushwhackers are concentrating under Perkins. Two or three small squads of bushwhackers are reported skulking about the county. I have scouts out hunting them up.

Respectfully, your obedient servant,

WM. E. MOBERLY,

Colonel, Commanding.

COLUMBUS, NEBR. TER., August 20, 1864.

Major S. C. CHARLOT:

Don't move troops from district to district without seeking instructions. If I cannot be reached by telegraph, confer with General Sykes and Davies if possible. I do not think any more cavalry should go to

