
General Blunt from Eastern District, but one or two 100-days' companies might go. McKean's district is most liable to rebel assault. The general cannot be spared now. It will not do to allow negroes to vote themselves on pretense of force. Whites could hardly be trusted in such proceedings. Hay and corn contractors are referred to Captain Insley. Everything from Colorado is sensational. I am moving matters here, but militia rather slow. Send dispatch to Blunt. Tell him I expect to have force on Republican soon. Indians seen congregating there. I want him to take care of Arkansas line and co-operate without regard to Northern District line. If necessary, militia must help him. Have this expressed from Lawrence. All well, but weary.

S. R. CURTIS,

Major-General.

PAOLA, August 20, 1864.

Major C. S. CHARLOT:

I have directed Colonel Blair to send Captain Conkey's command to Council Grove, and failing to receive orders there to proceed on to Fort Riley.

THO. J. McKEAN,

Brigadier-General.

FORT LEAVENWORTH, August 20, 1864.

General McKEAN,

Paola, Kans.:

General Curtis telegraphs from Columbus, Nebr. Ter., that General McKean cannot be spared now. He considers your district the most liable to attack from rebels. General Crocker is ordered to New Mexico. Conservative of this morning vindicates you in the militia matter.

C. S. CHARLOT,

Major and Assistant Adjutant-General.

COLUMBUS, NEBR. TER., August 20, 1864.

Captain GOVE,

South Side of Platte:

I found no tidings from you at Sline's Ferry, but people said troops had been passing on the road you are supposed to be on. I must hurry on to Kearny, but hope to hear from you before leaving this place. This is the Loup Fork, and over this branch I heard the Platte can be forded almost anywhere. I know of no Indians near you, but you had better be cautious, and if difficulty appears formidable, cross over to the north side. i shall keep a small post here.

S. R. CURTIS,

Major-General.

P. S.-I have directed troops from Nebraska City to Junction Station, about fifty miles east of Kearny, where the Leavenworth and other lines come into the Platte Valley road. If you find other troops there and require a little rest, you may report from there by express. I expect to be at Fort Kearny, and will try and send out provisions and forage there to meet you.

S. R. CURTIS,

Major-General.

