
Wadsworth, and in guarding Captain Fisk's train to the Missouri, that what I have left is very weak to be extended along so extensive a line. I shall in a day or two dispatch every man that can be spared from Fort Snelling to the outer line of defenses. Everything will be done that can be with the men and means at hand. There are constantly occurring rumors that the Chippewas intend mischief, but I cannot trace them to any reliable source, although it is well known they are much dissatisfied at the nonconfirmation of one treaty and changes in the other.

I am, general, very respectfully and truly, yours,

H. H. SIBLEY,

Brigadier-General, Commanding.
HEADQUARTERS SECOND SUB-DISTRICT OF MINNESOTA,Fort Ridgely, Minn., August 20, 1864.

Captain R. C. OLIN,

Asst. Adjt. General, Dist. of Minn., Saint Paul, Minn.:

CAPTAIN: After I had dispatched my communication of the 15th instant and made all the necessary arrangements to augment the mounted force at my disposal, I received your dispatches informing me of the departure of Lieutenant Darrow. On Tuesday morning I started for Mankato. Called on the militia officers at New Ulm, who promised to raise some men to co-operate, if necessary, and after having completed arrangements with Colonel Smith at Mankato overtook lieutenant Darrow at Crystal Lake the same night. As reports of Indians seen near Shelbyville had been sent to Colonel Smith that evening, I dispatched a detachment of ten men with Scout Stevens in that direction on Tuesday at daybreak, with instructions to scour the country well and return to Madelia on Friday evening. I then proceeded with Lieutenant Darrow's detachment to Madelia; ordered him to send ten of his men to Leavenworth, and remain with twenty men at Madelia ready to move whenever it might be necessary, and further instructing him, immediately on the return of the detachment sent to Shelbyville, to dispatch the same number to patrol in the direction of Vernon and Shelbyville until further orders. The detachment of Company L, previously taken to Watonwan, and which was employed in patrolling through the country where the depredations had been committed, was ordered back to Watonwan as re-enforcement to that post, and remains there a few days longer until Colonel Smith's minute men are organized, thereby enabling me to withdraw Lieutenant Darrow from the settlements and place him on scouting duty outside our lines, which duty will in the meantime be performed by the detachment of Company L at Watonwan and the garrison of the post. Camp Burns and the Coal Mine Station were garrisoned by Company L men, who were at once relieved by detachment of Connecticut cavalry, and the quartermaster ordered to turn over the number of serviceable horses needed to mount the whole of Company L, which was done, and Lieutenant McGrade started on Wednesday morning with about thirty men for the scouts' camp, on the Redwood, to take the trail of the Indians and follow in their rear, or in case they should have attacked some point and were going out to intercept them. Up to this time I have not heard from him yet, but am expecting news every moment.

