
tlement, thus accounting for the boldness of their proceedings, as the sound of their fire-arms could not be heard at the settlement. Sergeant Jones and party had followed the trail for three or four miles when we met him in the direction of Crow River. At this point it had become dim and could not be traced farther. We then examined the lakes and marshes in all directions for the trail, but could not find it again, as they had no doubt kept more on the hard prairie. After a through examination through the belt of timber running from Norway Lake to Middle Fort of Crow River, Sergeant Jones and party went up the river whilst we went down through by Ness Lake, Green Lake, and the intermediate lakes, examining carefully the shores and lowlands where they would be likely to go for their trail, but without finding anything further. I believe these Indians are now in the Big Woods, having followed the belt of timber which intersects this timber between here and Paynesville. We then returned, after being out three days. We are using every precaution against surprise, vigilantly guarding our horses and quarters and scouting the line.

I remain, colonel, your obedient servant,

R. F. SLAUGHTER,

Captain Company E, Second Cavalry Minnesota Volunteers.
SPECIAL ORDERS, HDQRS. DISTRICT OF LITTLE ROCK, Numbers 61. Little Rock, Ark., August 21, 1864.

I. The One hundred and sixth and One hundred and twenty-sixth Illinois Infantry, under command of Major John M. Hurt, One hundred and sixth Illinois Infantry, will proceed to Pine Bluff and report to Colonel Powell Clayton, commanding post.

By order of Brigadier General E. A. Carr:

C. H. DYER,Assistant Adjutant-General.

PINE BLUFF, ARK., August 21, 1864.

Captain C. H. DYER,

Assistant Adjutant-General, District of Little Rock:

No news from the enemy. Sent out two scouts to-day; one on the Warren, the other on the Princeton road. No news from them yet.

POWELL CLAYTON,

Colonel, Commanding.

CAMP IN PLATTE VALLEY, August 21, 1864.

(Received 22nd.)

Major-General ROSECRANS,

Commanding Department of the Missouri:

Governor Evans informs he has an order for the Second Colorado as soon as you can spare them. I hope it will be soon. I am after the Indians, and need more troops to keep overland lines open and check Indian outrages.

S. R. CURTIS,

Major-General.

