
PILOT KNOW, MO., August 21, 1864.

Brigadier-General EWING:

Captain McElroy telegraphs from Patterson that Lieutenant De Smith has just returned from a scout to Cow Island, Butler County, Mo., and reports having killed Dick Williams, Elias Covington, John Holder, Mansel Holder, and Jim Holder, all noted guerrillas of that county.

JAMES WILSON,

Major, Commanding.

PILOT KNOB, MO., August 21, 1864.

Brigadier-General EWING,

Commanding:

I sent twenty-five men to occupy Potosi to-day. I also sent a scout of forty men in that direction to-day at noon to scour that country.

JAMES WILSON,

Major, Commanding.

WESTON, August 21, 1864.

General FISK:

Would it be well for me to accept the services of Captain Fitzgerald, of the Sixteenth Kansas, with forty men to cross this side at Delaware Ferry to-morrow morning and scout up the peninsula to meet my command going down? My men have tracked Gordon between that point and Platte City up to this morning, and he is still at large. He was within one mile and a half of Platte City this morning; was seen and conversed with. He had nine men with him. I ask for this force as they are not only acquainted thoroughly with the country but are absolutely necessary for me to carry out my plans. My men are now resting, preparing for an early start; they have been in the saddle for three days and nights and are very much fatigued, but are willing and ready to try it again. They have obliged him to double on his tracks several times, and I have hopes to-morrow will wind up the chase; if not there will be great trouble in this county. Captain Fitzgerald is here and is anxious to assist. I can get no help from any other force as they are not near enough to the scene of action, and if they were I doubt if they would be of much service. Answer if you please immediately.

H. HILLIARD,

Major, Commanding Post.

SAINT JOSEPH, August 21, 1864.

Major HILLIARD,

Weston:

General Fisk desires that Captain Fitzgerald should not come into Platte County until further intimations from him. Pursue Gordon as well as you can.

G. A. HOLLOWAY,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

