
GLASGOW, MO., August 21, 1864.

Brigadier General CLINTON B. FISK,

Saint Joseph, Mo.:

DEAR SIR: The Seventeenth Illinois on yesterday had a fight in the Perche Hills with Anderson, Holtzclaw &amp; Co. There were several wounded on both sides. The rebels scattered in every direction in such small numbers they could not be pursued by our forces. They go home to the old sympathizers, where they are quietly fed and protected until it suits for them to turn out again. There is no way of stopping this thing until you reach the pockets of sympathizers; but that will do it effectually, and now is the time to put it in force all over this State, in my judgment. I am well pleased at the assessment you have ordered to be made on Monroe and Shelby Counties. If this is done all over our State there will be no more recruiting. General, I think there is no better place to levy an assessment of, say, $5,000, than right round Holtzclaw's mother's, and for the wounding of Colonel Green. Captain Holtzclaw has made his brags that he was the man that did it, and came very nigh getting you and your whole party. This assessment would far on the worst kind of rebels and sympathizers, and Major Leonard would be the men to proportion and place this assessment properly by your order, as he knows every rebel and sympathizer in the county. Major Matlack is well liked here, and is the right man in the right place. This you may rely on, and I hope you will continue him here as long as we have to have troops here. While writing you Iowa troops are passing my house, and a number have halted to stay all night and get supper and breakfast. They are on their way north by Brunswick. General, can't you stop with us as you return? We have a packet, S. B. Izetta, running from Jefferson City to this place, which makes quick and prompt trips. I would be very glad to see you and have a long talk with you. My whole heart is with you and General Rosecrans, and my greatest with is to see you succeed; so you must receive my suggestions kindly as coming from a friend. Show this to General Rosecrans and write me, if it is but a few lines, that I may know you get it. Please take pains to explain the above points to General Rosecrans.

Your friend,

B. W. LEWIS.

WARRENSBURG, MO., August 21, 1864.

Major-General ROSECRANS:

The following just received:

KANSAS CITY, August 21, 1864.

I have just arrived. Left foot scouts to watch all towns this side of Lexington. No rebels on or have been crossing the river in a body. Anderson's gang is still north of Glasgow. Guerrillas on this side are in small parties. Lazear moving west. Morey will fall back into Saline. I shall be at Lexington to-morrow.

HENRY SUESS,

Major and Chief of Cavalry.

Respectfully,

A. PLEASONTON,

Major-General, Commanding.

