HEADQUARTERS,Salina, August 21, 1864.

Lieutenant J. E. TAPPAN,

Actg. Asst. Adjt. General, Fort Riley, Kans.:

SIR: Second Lieutenant Helliwell arrived here with one gun and forty men of Company G, Seventh Iowa Volunteer Cavalry, August 19, 1864.

I have the honor to be, yours, very respectfully,

JACOB VAN ANTWERP,

First Lieutenant Company L, Eleventh Kans. Vol. Cav., Commanding Post.

FORT LEAVENWORTH, August 21, 1864.

COMMANDING OFFICER,

Lawrence:

Send the following to General Blunt, Fort Riley, by express messenger:

Major-General BLUNT:

Information is received at Atchison that a force of Kickapoos, Pottawatomies, Shawnees, other tribes, Mexicans, and rebels is encamped on Walnut Creek, of the Arkansas, intending a raid upon Kansas. General Curtis telegraphs me from Columbus, Nebr. Ter., that he does not think any more cavalry can go to you from Eastern District, but one or two 100-days' companies might go. I will send Captain Mobley's company at once. General Curtis expects to have a force operating soon on Republican. Indians seen congregating there. He wants you to take care of the Arkansas line and co-operate with regard to North District line. If necessary militia must help you. McKean telegraphed me yesterday that Captain Conkey's force were ordered to Council Grove, and if they met no orders there they were to go on to Riley.

C. S. CHARLOT,

Major and Assistant Adjutant-General.

OMAHA, August 21, 1864.

Brigadier General ROBERT B. MITCHELL,

Fort Kearny:

There is another militia company at Falls City. I have directed them to proceed to Junction Ranch to join others. Please send me word as soon as decided to what point and what amount of subsistence is to be sent. Mitchell got very drunk; failed to accompany Lieutenant Schenck as ordered, and returned without leave. I placed him in guard-house. Will send him to-morrow.

JNO. PRATT,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

OMAHA, August 21, 1864.

Colonel O. P. MASON,

Commanding Territorial Militia, Nebraska City:

Have the Falls City company proceed immediately to Junction Ranch and join the others. I telegraph in accordance with Governor Saunders' request.

JNO. PRATT,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

