
reported here and the information forwarded to General Canby that General Steele's communications are interrupted on the White River. I am now on my way to Little Rock with dispatches for Major-General Steele from Major-General Canby. I shall wait at the mouth of White River until communication is opened and I can reach General Steele's headquarters.

I have the honor to be, general, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

GEO. S. MELVILLE,

Actg. Asst. Adjt. General, Staff of Major-General Canby.
SPECIAL ORDERS, WAR DEPT., ADJT. General 'S OFFICE, Numbers 225. Washington, July 1, 1864.

* * * * * *

53. In addition to his present duties, Colonel J. V. Du Bois, additional aide-de-camp (captain Third U. S. Cavalry), is hereby detailed for duty as acting inspector-general of cavalry for the Department of the Missouri, and will report by letter without delay to the chief of the Cavalry Bureau for instructions.

* * * * * *

By order of the Secretary of War:

E. D. TOWNSEND,Assistant Adjutant-General.

CAPE GIRARDEAU, July 1, 1864-7.30 a. m.

General EWING,

Commanding:

I have just received the following dispatch from Bloomfield:

Lieutenant Cell is just in from Chalk Bluff and Lieutenant Byrne from Butler County. They neither saw nor heard of any rebels. The latest and most reliable information Lieutenant Cell could get was that Shelby did not intend making a raid this way. If he made a raid at all it would be farther west.

SAML. SHIBLEY,

Captain, Commanding.

By one of my spies, who has just arrived at Bloomfield, from Arkansas, I learn that Shelby moved from Jacksonport to Augusta and was making preparations for another move supposed to be against Devall's Bluff, or some pint on the railroad to Little Rock. Kitchen was reported to be encamped ten miles below Gainesville with some 200 men. Could learn of no other rebel forces in Northeast Arkansas.

H. M. HILLER,

Lieutenant-Colonel.

SPECIAL ORDERS, HDQRS. DIST. OF CENTRAL MISSOURI, Numbers 141. Warrensburg, July 1, 1864.

1. It having come to the knowledge of the general commanding that a band of guerrillas, led by one Shumate, have committed depredations such as robbing and plundering peaceable, law-abiding citizens in Miller and adjoining counties, and to the end that quiet and safety may

