
all at Morganza. Fourth Brigade-Twelfth Illinois Cavalry, Sixteenth Indiana Mounted Infantry, in La Fourche District. Fifth Brigade-Second Maine Cavalry, First Florida Cavalry, at Barrancas, Fla. In addition to the above is the Eighteenth New York Cavalry, ordered to be dismounted, and the Fourth U. S. Colored Cavalry, now being mounted at Port Hudson. This includes all the mounted cavalry in this department. Brigadier-General Davidson, chief of cavalry, Military Division of West Mississippi, informs me that the First and Second Brigades, composing Lee's division, are to move immediately. By reference to this schedule it will be found that the east bank of the river will be left with the Fourth U. S. Colored Cavalry only, and that at Port Hudson with probably 325 horses. Baton Rouge and the country from that point to this city will be without cavalry and neither cavalry no infantry will be between Baton Rouge and Bonnet Carre, a distance of from sixty to eighty miles. As this strip of country is occupied mostly by persons who have rented Government plantations, it appears to me that it is unjust and not in good faith to leave them unprotected, which will result in the loss of their crops and perhaps their lives. The cavalry force in La Fourche District is not more than sufficient for the proper protection of that section of country. All the cavalry at Morganza is attached to the Nineteenth Army Corps (four regiments).

With no intention to question the judgment of superior authority, which directed the organization of Lee's division (First and Second Brigades), it has always been my opinion that where troops perform their duty properly, become acquainted with the inhabitants and localities where they may be stationed, and know the duties for which they were detailed, it is inexpedient to remove them unless absolutely necessary. In view of this, I would have recommended that one of the old regiments be left at Baton Rouge and the Eleventh New York opposite Donaldsonville, and that two of the regiments from Morganza be brigaded in place of them. From a conversation with Major-General Reynolds, however, I find that the cavalry at Morganza is to-day to be assigned to him as commanding officer of the Ninth Army Corps, which will necessities its being dropped from the department brigade organization; and in case Lee's division moves to the front beyond the Amite or Comite Rivers it is impossible to replace it or any portion with cavalry. No doubt this division can effectually scatter any force that is now in that portion of the country destined for operations, provided the opposing force can be found, but the country destined for operations, provided the opposing force can be found, but the country being traversed by bayous, swamps, woods, &amp;c., will make it an extremely, and I consider impossible matter to prevent small raiding parties from coming in the rear and causing much destruction and suffering on Government plantations, &c., and, as I know from experience, they being acquainted with the country can scatter and conceal themselves in such a manner as to entirely evade capture, with perhaps a few exceptions.

I am, major, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

JOHN P. SHERBURNE,

Colonel and Chief of Cavalry.

GENERAL ORDERS, HDQRS. DEPARTMENT OF THE GULF, Numbers 112. New Orleans, August 22, 1864.

The banks of the State of Louisiana having so far failed to comply with important provisions of the laws of the State as to justify the forfeiture of their charters, are hereby required as a condition of the

