
further transaction of the business of banking to receive the Treasury notes of the United States in exchange at par for their own issues respectively. Any institution aggrieved by this order may demand investigation of its affairs and show that its credit is superior to that of the United States.

By order of Major-General Banks:

GEORGE B. DRAKE,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

GENERAL ORDERS, HDQRS. DEPARTMENT OF THE GULF, Numbers 113. New Orleans, August 22, 1864.

I. General Orders, Numbers 15, February 8, 1863, prohibiting foreclosure of mortgages and forced sales of property are hereby so far modified as to allow foreclosure and sale, except in cases where it is against equity and justice and the parties interested are plainly entitled to the favor and protection of the Government.

II. Any party claiming temporary relief from execution under foreclosure or order of sale shall establish before a court of military commission herein named, first, that the sale of the property is against equity and justice; second, that the temporary suspension of the order of sale will not work injustice to the parties; third, that all taxes upon said property are paid and the improvements insured; fourth, that he is a loyal citizens, engaged in laudable pursuits of industry, recognizing the rights and maintaining the authority of the Government, and is justly entitled to its protection and favor against such sale.

III. Colonel E. G. Beckwith, Major G. W. Richardson, and Lieutenant A. Foote are hereby appointed a commission to consider and report upon all applications for relief against foreclosure and forces sales of property within parishes of Orleans, Jefferson Saint Bernard, and Plaquemines.

IV. Applications for relief against foreclosure of mortgages or forced sales of property in parishes not otherwise named will be referred to the provost-marshal of the parish until other commission is appointed.

By command of Major-General Banks:

GEORGE B. DRAKE,

Assistant Adjutant-General.
SPECIAL ORDERS, HDQRS. DEPARTMENT OF THE GULF, Numbers 225. New Orleans, August 22, 1864.

* * * * *

5. I. Paragraph 6 of Special Orders, Numbers 223, from these headquarters, is hereby revoked.

II. The boundary east of the Mississippi River, between the Defenses of New Orleans and the District of Baton Rouge and Port Hudson, will be, until further orders, a line from Frenier Station, on Lake Pontchartrain, to the post of Bonnet Carre. The force at the last-named point will report as heretofore; that at Frenier and points above on the Jackson railroad will report to Major General F. J. Herron, at Baton Rouge.

* * * * *

By command of Major-General Banks:

W. D. PUTNAM,Acting Assistant Adjutant-General.

51 R R - VOL XLI, PT II

