HDQRS. MILITARY DIVISION OF WEST MISSISSIPPI,New Orleans, La., August 22, 1864.

Major General F. J. HERRON,

Commanding, &amp;c., Baton Rouge, La.:

GENERAL: The prime object of General Orders, Numbers 33, is to cut off all commercial and private intercourse with the rebels, and no modification of the order inconsistent with this object can be authorized except in very extreme cases. Government lessees may receive supplies when the district commander is satisfied that the applications are trust-worthy, and on the condition that the amount to be sent them at any one time must be limited whenever there is danger that the supplies may fall in the hands of rebel raiding parties. With these instructions it is believed that the double object of complying with the spirit of the order and relieving the wants of lessees may be obtained.

By order of Major General E. R. S. Canby:

C. T. CHRISTENSEN,

Major and Assistant Adjutant-General.

BATON ROUGE, August 22, 1864.

(Received 3 p. m.)

General N. P. BANKS:

I have reliable intelligence to-day, both from deserters and spies, that Colonel Scott, with 1,400 of his best mounted men, left Clinton last Thursday to strike some point on the Mississippi River above the mouth of Red River and cross the troops over to the west side. Scott will be joined by re-enforcements - force estimated at 1,000 - coming from the rear of Natchez and that vicinity. He took with him, from Clinton, Bull's (Missouri) battery of four 20-pounders, lately sent to him, and Barstow's (Mississippi) battery of three rifled guns. Four other guns, with a small force, were left at Clinton, and were taken along by Scott and his wagon train. I propose sending a cavalry force to-night to capture the guns and men left at Clinton, which can be done. The flag of truce for the exchange of prisoners is pending to-day, but our party will be in camp by 7 o'clock this evening. There can be no objection to our cavalry moving immediately after that. I cannot learn the exact place on the river where Smith's troops are expected to cross.

F. J. HERRON,

Major-General.

SAINT LOUIS, MO., August 22, 1864.

(Received 5 p. m.)

Major-General HALLECK,

Chief of Staff:

The district commanders inform me that the condition of their district is such that the Second Colorado cannot possibly be spared to go to General Curtis at present. The rebels are drifting across the Missouri, and, on the whole, I concur in their opinion.

W. S. ROSECRANS,

Major-General.

