
Special Orders, Numbers 157, current series. On arriving there I found that Captain Newman, of the Fifty-second Enrolled Missouri Militia, who is stationed there in command of detachment recruits Forty-fifth Regiment Missouri Volunteer Infantry and some of the Fifty-second Enrolled Missouri Militia, had received a portion of his supplies from the quartermaster's department; that in spite of the change in the enrollment and the enlistment of his men in the Forty-fifth Missouri Volunteer Infantry he has done a very fair amount of work, and is pushing it forward as speedily as circumstances and his location will permit. The timber for the block-house is all felled, and a portion hewed out and drawn to the sot where it is intended to erect the edifice. Less than one week's work will complete the hewing and hauling and will enable them to commence putting up the log frame.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

EDWARD L. BERTHOUD,

Captain and Topographical Engineer.
HEADQUARTERS DISTRICT OF SOUTHWEST MISSOURI,Springfield, Mo., August 22, 1864.

Captain J. C. BAILEY,

Commanding Detach. Second Arkansas Cavalry, near Ozark, Mo.:

SIR: The general commanding directs that you will immediately send out small scouting parties to move south and southeast of your command as far as Forsyth and Dubuque to watch and gather information of all movements the enemy may make in force or in small parties in the direction of those places. You will continually keep out two or three of these scouting parties, and will make frequent reports to these headquarters of all the information they obtain, that the general may be fully advised of affairs in that direction.

By order of Brigadier-General Sanborn:

W. D. HUBBARD,

Lieutenant and Acting Assistant Adjutant-General.

PARKVILLE, MO., August 22, 1864.

Brigadier-General FISK,

Saint Joseph:

DEAR SIR: A letter has just been received from one of our volunteers (Mr. Kern) in the hospital near Marietta, Ga. Says rebel wounded in the hospital say they get a monthly mail package from Missouri, and that large numbers from the Southern armies are making their way to Missouri; that there will be a general rising this fall here, and all the Union men are to be massacred at one rising. Cy. Gordon has just returned and says he has been fighting three years. Now his friends have got to fight and help too. They have commenced stealing horses again. Bushwhackers say that they laid low to see what was done to Ford. Now they would not give themselves up. We have warning of more trouble from rebels; intimations that thousands of lives will be lost. All indications show they except another outbreak. Emissaries of the Knights are working. Rebels are well armed and are only scattered, not weakening. I give you the information as I get it.

Trusting in you superior wisdom for action, in haste,

Respectfully,

GEO. S. PARK.

