HEADQUARTERS,Glasgow, Mo., August 22, 1864.

General FISK,

Saint Louis:

As you allow me to communicate direct, I report the return of Captain Hebard, of the Seventeenth Illinois Cavalry with ninety-one men. He has been absent ten days; fought August 20 with Anderson's men, defeating them completely, near Rocheport; fought August 16 with Holtzclaw for five hours, killing 8 and wounding 7, near Dripping Spring. The Third Missouri State Militia also had a fight, killing 3 and wounding 16, the same day. The total loss to guerrillas as they admit is 35 killed and wounded. Two of the Seventeenth Illinois Cavalry killed, 10 wounded. Last night Holtzclaw tried to surprise my outpost on Boonsborough road, was fired on, exchanged shots, and retreated. In the field my men found a letter addressed to Holtzclaw by Captain Stanley, commanding post at Keytesville, which you should see. Shall I telegraph or mail it? It contains seventy words.

L. C. MATLACK,

Major Seventeenth Illinois Cavalry, Commanding Post.

SAINT LOUIS, MO., August 22, 1864.

Major-General CURTIS:

(Through headquarters Camp in Platte Valley.)

The state of affairs in the Central District is such that General Pleasonton don't think the Second [Colorado Cavalry] could leave without exposing everything. Two weeks may improve them.

W. S. ROSECRANS,

Major-General.

GRAND ISLAND, August 22, 1864.

Major S. S. CURTIS:

Am within forty miles of Kearny with my advance. Indians shot three persons six miles from here day before yesterday, but I think that played out in this region. Am collecting militia and friendly Indians. Will confer with Chivington about mounting 100-days' men. No use trying to send from there. Their time would be out before horses could get there. All well.

S. R. CURTIS,

Major-General.

MOUND CITY, August 22, 1864.

Captain GEORGE S. HAMPTON,

Assistant Adjutant-General:

Messenger just arrived from the scout under Lieutenant Phillips, who started last night after the bushwhackers; overtook them this morning at daylight. The bushwhackers got away. Lieutenant Phillips captured 6 horses; two of them were unable to travel, they were so used up. Lieutenant Phillips pursued and caught them after traveling about twelve miles, had a skirmish, killed 1, wounded 2 or 3 of the

