
YOUNG'S RANCH, August 22, 1864.

Colonel J. M. CHIVINGTON,

Commanding District of Colorado:

I came up here on a scout to-day in order to find out the location of these devilish redskins. They are prowling around, and I think they strike for the divide. The people are fortifying themselves. The Indians took a Mexican prisoner yesterday, and there was a white man with them. I think it is Reynolds, from all accounts. I received adjutant-general's note to-day, date of 21st, and shall act accordingly. I just received dispatches from Fort Lyon. Major orders me leave my detail at Point of Rocks and he keep me men there at Fort Lyon. I wish to Heaven that I could have my company; then I could do something. As it is I have but about thirty men. I do not see why he cannot hold Fort Lyon with three companies larger than mine, and farther from the Indian difficulties.

ISAAC GRAY,

Captain.

COLORADO CITY, COLO. TER., August 22, 1864.

Colonel J. M. CHIVINGTON:

SIR: Yesterday about 3 p. m. the Indians attacked my camp at a place called Jimmy's Camp and ran off all but four head of my stock. At the first alarm given by the picket I had the stock brought into camp, but the Indians closed around and began firing into the herd, and to repel them I gave the order to fire on the Indians. The smoke and noise so frightened the stock that despite our utmost endeavors to prevent it they broke out of the lines. The Indians got them. I start out to-day with some soldiers and citizens in pursuit of the redskins.

I have the honor to remain, yours, truly,

GEO. H. CHASE,

Second Lieutenant First Cavalry of Colorado,

Commanding Detach. Company H, First Cavalry of Colorado.

FORT LUPTON, August 22, 1864.

His Excellency JOHN EVANS,

Governor and Commander-in-Chief, Denver, Colo. Ter.:

SIR: I am satisfied that the amount of force now at this post is greater than necessary for the defense of the settlers now here. I have satisfied myself that there are no hostile Indians in this vicinity, and that they have not been here in force. The depredations committed near this point have been committed by stragglers from a larger force now east or southeast of Lupton. If our men were ordered to pursue the Indians on the headwaters of Bijou Creek or Running Creek they would ge glad to obey. Garrison duty hangs heavily on raw recruits. Most of the families have already gone to Denver except the men. They are here in sufficient force to defend this post and the women and children still remaining here. I send this forward by a messenger who goes to Denver with further requisitions for forage, &amp;c. If we should be ordered forward I suggest that the forage and rations be sent out on another road to meet us at some designated point.

Very respectfully, yours, &c.,

S. E. BROWNE,

Captain, Commanding Post.

