
assistance from his send to him. The transportation you take from Fort Bascom will return to that post from Fort Union laden with such subsistence stores as you may need at your post, and for which you will at once make a requisition. A few extra men will come up with you to return as escort to the wagons. Should you have any arms or property needing repairs, or condemned articles to be turned in, this will afford you an opportunity to take them to Fort Union, at which post you will receive such ammunition and subsistence as you may need for your scout, except what you desire to have for use on the road from Fort Bascom to Fort Union. You will be absent sixty days from Fort Bascom. The general commanding thinks you had better take your guide, Mr. De Lisle, with you, as he knows all of the country around the Upper Cimarron, and is familiar with all the Indians who frequent that part of the country.

I have the honor to be, captain, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

BEN. C. CUTLER,

Assistant Adjutant-General.
SPECIAL ORDERS, HDQRS. DEPT. OF THE NORTHWEST, Numbers 129. Milwaukee, Wis., August 22, 1864.

I. The six companies of the First Regiment, U. S. Volunteers now at Saint Louis, Mo., under the command of Colonel C. A. Dimon, will, under the direction of Colonel F. Myers, chief quartermaster Department of the Northwest, immediately take about up the Missouri River, destination Fort Rice, Dak. Ter. On arrival at Fort Rice Colonel C. A. R. Dimon will report himself and command to Brigadier General A. Sully, commanding Northwestern Indian Expedition. Should General Sully not be at Fort Rice, Colonel Dimon will await his arrival there, detaining the boat which transports his command. Instructions for General Sully will be handed Colonel Dimon by Colonel Myers for deliver to General Sully.

II. Colonel F. Myers, chief quartermaster Department of the Northwest, will proceed to Saint Louis, Mo., in execution of so much of above order as pertains to shipping of the troops from that point, having completed which he will return without delay to these headquarters. By command of Major-General Pope:

J. F. MELINE,Acting Assistant Adjutant-General.

SPECIAL ORDERS, HDQRS. DEPT. OF THE NORTHWEST, Numbers 130. Milwaukee, Wis., August 22, 1864.

Brigadier General T. C. H. Smith, commanding District of Wisconsin, will on to-morrow, 23rd instant, send off the companies First U. S. Volunteers now at Camp Reno, to report to Lieutenant Colonel William Chapman, U. S. Army, commanding Draft Rendezvous at Camp Randall, Madison, Wis.

By command of Major-General Pope:

J. F. MELINE,

Acting Assistant Adjutant-General.

