HEADQUARTERS SECOND SUB-DISTRICT OF MINNESOTA,Fort Ridgely, August 22, 1864.

Captain R. C. OLIN,

Assistant Adjutant-General, District of Minnesota:

CAPTAIN: I have just before the close of the mail received intelligence from Lieutenant McGrade, dated at the Coteau, August 10, 9 p. m., stating that so far he had seen no Indians yet, but numerous signs and tracks three or four days old, and as soon as he would get some rations left behind at McPhaill's he would proceed west after the Indians seen by the half-breed scouts. He reports the prairie on fire in that direction, and says that he has come across some fifteen head of cattle wild as buffalo, which he drove to the scouts camp and intends to bring them down on his return. The patrol from the north has just brought word that the men at Camp Burns saw an Indian at dusk last evening and fired at him across the lake; also that two arrows were shot at the guard later in the night, but the arrows have not been found, and I do not give the story much credit.

Respectfully, your obedient servant,

WILLIAM PFAENDER,

Lieutenant-Colonel, Commanding.
HDQRS. DIST. OF MINNESOTA, DEPT. OF THE NORTHWEST,Saint Paul, Minn., August 22, 1864.

Major JOHN CLOWNEY,

Commanding Fort Wadsworth, Dak. Ter.:

MAJOR: In accordance with orders from Major-General Pope, commanding the department, Colonel Thomas will, upon his return with the expeditionary force to the post under your command, relieve the three companies of the Thirtieth Wisconsin Volunteers with a detachment of the Second Minnesota Cavalry, under Major Rose. Upon being relieved you will march without delay with the three companies of your regiment to Fort Ridgely, where you will continue the march to Saint Paul and report on your arrival to the brigadier-general commanding for further orders. It is expected that there will be no unnecessary delay in executing these instructions after you and your command have been relieved.

By command of Brigadier-General Sibley:

I am, major, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

R. C. OLIN,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

NEW ORLEANS, August 23, 1864-1.30 p. m.

Brigadier-General LAWLER:

Order the First Brigade, Second Division, and enough of the Second Brigade to make 3,000 men, to embark for Port Hudson with seven days' rations. Brigadier-General Dennis will command. Will receive orders at Port Hudson from Major-General Herron. A battery will be ordered to report to General Dennis at Port Hudson. Let the movement take place to-night, so as to land at Port Hudson, if practicable, before daylight to-morrow. Answer whether you have sufficient transportation.

J. J. REYNOLDS,

Major-General, Commanding.

