
Andrews. Have the whole command in light marching order, with five days' cooked rations, and take one wagon with ammunition. Be careful to take a number of extra artillery horses, the road being heavy. Move out the cavalry about 3 o'clock to-morrow afternoon on the Clinton road, and let them clear and picket the road for at least eight miles from Port Hudson. Issue positive orders for them to retain every person that may fall into their hands, and let no one pass them. You will follow with infantry and artillery at 5 p. m. The command will be expected to march twenty miles by daylight the next morning. Permit nothing to be carried that will be an incumbrance. I will try and reach Port Hudson in time to go out with you at 5 o'clock. Should I not be there leave twenty-five cavalry for me and move on with the command. I will overtake you.

F. J. HERRON,

Major-General.

P. S.- Secure the services of several persons, if possible, that know the road to Clinton and country immediately about there.

F. J. H.

GENERAL ORDERS, HDQRS. SECOND DIV., 19TH ARMY CORPS, Numbers 2. Morganza, La., August 23, 1864.

The following-named troops - First Regiment Kansas Infantry Volunteers, Seventh Regiment Missouri Infantry Volunteers, Thirtieth Regiment Missouri Infantry Volunteers, Eighth Regiment Illinois Infantry Volunteers, Eleventh Regiment Illinois Infantry Volunteers, Forty-sixth Regiment Illinois Infantry Volunteers, Seventy-sixth Regiment Illinois Infantry Volunteers - of the First Division, Seventeenth Army Corps, having been transferred to the Nineteenth Army Corps, the general court-martial, convened by General Orders, Numbers 27, headquarters First Division, Seventeenth Army Corps, of date August 6, 1864, is hereby dissolved.

By order of Brigadier-General Dennis:

WM. E. KUHN,

Acting Assistant Adjutant-General.

SPECIAL ORDERS, HDQRS. SECOND DIV., 19TH ARMY CORPS, Numbers 4. Morganza, La., August 23, 1864.

Colonel B. Dornblaser, commanding First Brigade, Second Division, will hold his entire command in readiness to embark upon transports at dark this evening. Seven days' rations and forage and 100 rounds of ammunition per man will be taken. Requisitions will be made out and forwarded to these headquarters immediately for ammunition where the regiments are not supplied with 100 rounds to the man. But four wagons to a regiment will be taken.

II. Colonel W. A. Greene, commanding Second Brigade, Second Division, will hold the following-named regiments of his command in readiness to embark upon transports at dark this evening: Forty-seventh Indiana Volunteer Infantry, One hundred and twentieth Ohio Volunteer Infantry, Twenty-ninth Wisconsin Volunteer Infantry. Seven days' rations and forage and 100 rounds of ammunition per man will

52 R R - VOL XLI, PT II

