
be taken. Requisitions will be made out and forwarded to these headquarters immediately for ammunition where the regiments are not supplied with 100 rounds to the man. But four wagons to a regiment will be taken.

* * * * *

By order of Brigadier General E. S. Dennis:

WILLIAM E. KUHN,

Acting Assistant Adjutant-General.

PORT HUDSON, August 23, 1864.

Major C. T. CHRISTENSEN,

Assistant Adjutant-General:

I telegraphed General Banks yesterday in regard to the condition of affairs at Clinton, and as to my intention of moving a force in that direction. The cavalry was started last evening and had moved ten miles when I received direct intelligence that Scott had returned with his troops to Clinton. This was substantiated by our prisoners, who left there yesterday morning at 8 o'clock and saw him coming in a few hours before; I therefore recalled the cavalry. Scott has now with him at Clinton about 2,000 men and eleven guns, four 20-pounder Parrotts, two 12-pounders, two 6-pounders, smooth, and three rifled guns. If some of the troops at Morganza could be quickly crossed to Bayou Sara and move from that point rapidly on Clinton, I could put 2,000 cavalry and a battery east of Clinton and cut off their retreat. By a combined movement of this kind I believe the greater portion of Scott's force could be captured and all his artillery taken. In his late expedition their artillery was drawn by oxen. The roads are heavy at the present time and it would be very difficult to move.

Scott has also been gathering grain and meat at several points, evidently for Smith's troops. I have information of several large lots within twenty-five miles of Clinton which could be destroyed. By clearing out Scott this entire section would be relieved, and I could with perfect safety picket the lines on the Amite River, and thus cover every plantation between New Orleans and Port Hudson. Will you please submit this to Major-General Canby,

And oblige, respectfully,

F. J. HERRON,

Major-General.

BATON ROUGE, August 23, 1864.

(Received 12 m.)

Major General N. P. BANKS:

The cavalry moved out ten miles last evening; but I received direct intelligence late in the day from Clinton [that Scott had returned] with his force. I therefore recalled the cavalry. Scott has now 2,000 men and eleven pieces of artillery. I am of the opinion that his guns and most of his force could be captured at the present time by a combined movement from Bayou Sara and this place. If some of the infantry and a battery from Morganza could be quietly crossed to Bayou Sara I could throw 2,000 cavalry and a battery to the east of Clinton to cut off retreat. With Scott captured or driven off we could extend our

