
[AUGUST 23, 1864.]

Major General F. J. HERRON,

Baton Rouge:

I have no cavalry in shape to move. The Second Louisiana Mounted Infantry have been dismounted. I have two field batteries, one of which, the Second Vermont, I have just received orders from General Canby to get in readiness to move. It will be ready at 6 p. m. for service.

GEO. L. ANDREWS,

Brigadier-General, Commanding.

BATON ROUGE, August 23, 1864.

Brigadier-General ANDREWS,

Commanding Port Hudson:

General Dennis will arrive at Port Hudson to-night about 12 o'clock. Let his command bivouac until to-morrow. Have the artillery company furnished with five days' rations from to-morrow evening, and let General Dennis have sufficient to make the same for his command.

F. J. HERRON,

Major-General.

NEW ORLEANS, August 23, 1864-8.30 p. m.

Brigadier General G. L. ANDREWS,

Commanding:

Two hundred cavalry have been ordered from Morganza if transportation can be furnished. If it cannot you will please to hold as many of the colored cavalry as possible in readiness to move in their place. The Second Louisiana will not accompany the expedition.

By order:

C. T. CHRISTENSEN,

Major and Assistant Adjutant-General.

BATON ROUGE, August 23, 1864.

General G. L. ANDREWS,

Commanding U. S. Forces, Port Hudson:

It is intended to make a combined movement from Port Hudson and this place against Scott at Clinton. Three thousand infantry from Morganza will land at Port Hudson to-night. You will add to them one field battery and all the cavalry you have. Have the entire command furnished with five days' rations and whatever else they require. Do not permit any one to pass out of your lines. Report to me when the force under General Dennis arrives at Port Hudson.

F. J. HERRON,

Major-General.

[Indorsement.]

Captain Lovell will send me immediate notice of the arrival of the force from Morganza under General Dennis. Send for the post officer of the day and direct him to at once visit all grand guards and instruct

