
the officers of the guard to be very particular not to let any one pass beyond the lines. Put it on the ground of an apprehended escape of men trying to desert.

GEO. L. ANDREWS,

Brigadier-General of Volunteers, Commanding.
SPECIAL ORDERS, HDQRS. DEPARTMENT OF ARKANSAS, &amp;C., Numbers 200. Little Rock, Ark., August 23, 1864.

I. Brigadier General J. R. West, chief of cavalry, will submit to the general commanding with as little delay as possible a plan for a division organization of the cavalry serving in the District of Little Rock.

* * * * *

By order of Major General F. Steele:

W. D. GREEN,Assistant Adjutant-General.

SAINT CHARLES BLUFF, August [July] 23, 1864.*

General STEELE,

Little Rock, Ark.:

GENERAL: I arrived at this point this morning with one brigade of infantry and one battery. I return to mouth of river to hasten forward another brigade (small) and another battery. Will be here as soon as possible. In the meantime General Lee will be left in command of his brigade. I need some cavalry. Can't you send me some? Let them report to General Lee.

Very faithfully, yours,

GEO. H. GORDON,

Brigadier-General.
HEADQUARTERS DISTRICT OF VICKSBURG,Vicksburg, Miss., August 23, 1864.

Major C. T. CHRISTENSEN,

Assistant Adjutant-General, Mil. Div. of West Mississippi:

A refugee driven from Brownsville beyond the Big Black, who was in Jackson two weeks ago, reports that he was informed by the general report of the citizens there that 200 boats or bateaux on wagons had left Jackson the day before for Port Gibson for the purpose of crossing over the forces belonging to Kirby Smith's army at some point on the Mississippi, supposed to be Rodney, Bruinsburg, or thereabouts. The boats were capable of carrying from twenty to twenty-five men each, and had been built at some point on the railroad above Jackson. The people said another force was to cross the river above Greenville somewhere. Some batteries had also gone from the vicinity of Jackson for the purpose of aiding in covering the crossing, but he did not learn that any other forces were reported.

I have the honor to remain, very respectfully,

N. J. T. DANA,

Major-General, Commanding.

---------------

*Copy of file is mis-dated August. Gordon reached Saint Charles Bluff July 23. See Part I, p. 88.

---------------

