
terday, 22nd, moved in four columns, one up Davis', Cottonwood, Tabo, and between Davis' and Cottonwood. Have not heard from column on Tabo. Came across four parties of guerrillas on Davis' and Cottonwood, one party of two, two parties of five, and one alone. do not know certain the results, but shot three from their horses, capturing their horses, and no doubt they are badly wounded, but succeeded in getting away in the brush. I will move on west to-day and camp to-night with the command at or near the Hutchison farm. I will go myself into Lexington to-day to investigate some charges that are made against Captain Eads, Company M, as to his conduct a few days since when his command was fired upon. We are now camped on the farm of one Mr. Hodgins, on the waters of Davis'. Very dry and dusty, but has a good appearance of rain this morning, which would be a great advantage to us.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

B. F. LAZEAR,

Lieutenant Colonel First Cavalry Missouri State Militia, Commanding

HOLDEN, August 23, 1864.

Captain J. H. STEGER,

Assistant Adjutant-General:

Have just learned on pretty good authority that Quantrill and Yeager, with about 200 men, are in the vicinity of Walnut Creek, twelve miles west of this place, and that they will attack us to-night to release a lot of prisoners we have. Their force is said to be scattered, and that 200 can be concentrated. I feel no apprehension, however.

M. U. FOSTER,

Captain, Commanding.

KANSAS CITY, MO., August 23, 1864.

Captain JAMES H. STEGER,

Assistant Adjutant-General, Warrensburg:

Scouts from Kansas City, Independence, Pleasant Hill, and Hickman Mills have all returned. They report but very few guerrillas in my sub-district, but a large number in western La Fayette. I would respectfully ask the general commanding for permission to visit Leavenworth City on private business. Will be gone three days.

J. H. FORD,

Colonel, Commanding Fourth Sub-District.

BROOKFIELD, August 23, 1864.

General FISK:

Major McDermott, commanding detachment First Iowa Cavalry, directs me to say to you that he has returned from pursuit of Anderson, having followed him to Rocheport, where he scattered his men in all directions. The major is at Bucklin awaiting your orders, and I am here to transmit them. Shall he return by rail or march through? Will you answer immediately.

H. L. MORRILL,

Sergeant-Major and Acting Adjutant.

