
SAINT JOSEPH, August 23, 1864.

H. L. MORRILL,

Brookfield:

Major McDermott may return by rail immediately. Captain Crandall, at Brookfield, will furnish transportation. Come on express train.

CLINTON B. FISK,

Brigadier-General.

WESTON, August 23, 1864.

Brigadier General C. B. FISK:

GENERAL: My men have just got in from the wolf hunt; they had a running fight with Gordon and his men yesterday near Farley, and pursued him several miles. He escaped very narrowly. Two of his men are killed and three horses are captured. The chase was most exciting; one of our men was badly injured by a fall from his horse. Our men behaved nobly. The whackers formed a line and fired several times, but our men boldly charged and scattered them every time. Gordon is supposed to be making his way east with but few men with him.

H. HILLIARD,

Major, Commanding Post.

SAINT JOSEPH, August 23, 1864.

Major H. HILLIARD,

Weston, Mo.:

I hope your troops will make an end of Cy. Gordon. Do you know of any other guerrillas in the county?

CLINTON B. FISK,

Brigadier-General.

CARROLLTON, MO., August 23, 1864.

General C. B. FISK:

GENERAL: The undersigned, vigilance committee for Carroll County, under Orders, Numbers 107, beg leave to report that on Saturday, the 13th instant, Anderson, the bushwhackers, with about seventy men, entered this county from the direction of Knoxville, in Ray County, closely pursued by Captain Tiffin with a detachment of the Ray County militia. A portion of our militia, under Captains Cary and Calvert, immediately joined Captain Tiffin in the pursuit, and about eight miles east of Carrollton attacked the bushwhackers, and a severe fight ensued, in which several on both sides were killed and wounded, all of our militia and citizens manifesting the greatest anxiety to aid in driving out the bushwhackers. We are of opinion, however, that the commander at Richmond failed to give the authorities here timely notice of Anderson's movement in this direction. If our authorities here had timely notice they could have met Anderson with a sufficient force to have driven him back. The authorities here gave Colonel Moberly, at Brunswick, timely notice that Anderson was moving in the direction of Grand River, and requested him to guard the fords on Grand River. Moberly, however, failed to make any move, although he had fifteen hours' notice, and Anderson crossed Grand River on the evening of the 14th within ten miles of Brunswick unmolested, and passed through

