
Chariton County without being interrupted. These facts have created the impression here that Colonel Moberly is incompetent or unwilling to do his duty. Brunswick is the first military post east of this county below Grand River, and its proper management is of great importance to the protection of this county. The committee would further state that there are some few lawless characters in this county who from time to time have been insulting, abusing, and threatening, and very frequently committing violence on the persons and property of citizens, under the pretense that they are rebels, but who, in fact, are peaceable, loyal, and law-abiding citizens. We think it would contribute to the peace of the community if you would order the commander of this post to arrest these lawless characters and have them properly punished.

All of which is respectfully submitted.

GEORGE DIEGEL,

Chairman.

I. H. GRAHAM.

DAVID GILBERT.

J. L. CALVERT.

JONATHAN HILL.

[First indorsement.]
HEADQUARTERS DISTRICT OF NORTH MISSOURI,Saint Joseph, Mo., August 25, 1864.

Respectfully referred to Colonel Moberly, commanding at Brunswick, Mo., for his indorsement.

By order of Brigadier-General Fisk:

G. A. HOLLOWAY,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

[Second indorsement.]
HDQRS. THIRTY-FIFTH Regiment ENROLLED MISSOURI MIL,Brunswick, Mo., August 29, 1864.

Respectfully returned.

So far as competency is concerned I have nothing to say. The statement that I am unwilling, &amp;c., is untrue. The statement that I did nothing to prevent Anderson, &c., is untrue. I acted upon the best information in my possession, and made every effort in my power in the premises, but was unfortunately too late. This statement of the Carroll committee is evidently made up from rumor and without any personal knowledge in the premises.

WM. E. MOBERLY,

Colonel, Commanding.

FORT LEAVENWORTH, August 23, 1864.

Governor T. CARNEY,

Leavenworth City:

We have information from all quarters of the continued Indian outrages. We are using every man in the department, and need all the aid the Governor can give us.

C. S. CHARLOT,

Major and Assistant Adjutant-General.

