
PAOLA, August 23, 1864.

Major CHARLOT:

Your received. No news. The Governor's friends, I see, complain of want of courtesy, thinking I sent copies of correspondence to the papers, which is not the fact.

THO. J. McKEAN,

Brigadier-General.
HEADQUARTERS,Fort Learned, Kans., August 23, 1864.

Captain H. G. LORING,

Actg. Asst. Adjt. General, Dist. of Upper Ark., Fort Riley, Kans.:

SIR: I have the honor to report that the Indians in this vicinity are still annoying the Government and citizens' trains en route for the upper Arkansas and New Mexico. Reports have been received that on the 19th instant, near the Cimarron Springs, they attacked a train en route from Santa Fe to Leavenworth, killing 10 men and running off all the stock. The train was abandoned by its owners; nothing has since been heard of it. On the 21st instant, about 2 p. m., the Indians, about 200 strong, attacked the trains of Mr. Rapine, of Leavenworth (thirteen teams, loaded with Government freight); train Numbers 4, under charge of Charles McRay, and other trains, numbering in all ninety-five wagons, about sixty miles above this post. The wagon-master of Rapine's train was killed and all the stock stolen. McRay's loss about one-third of their stock. Captain Hardy, with sixty men, was sent to their relief, but the Indians had decamped with their plunder before his arrival. The coach just in from Fort Lyon reports finding two murdered men on the road between here and Lyon. Our condition here at present is very critical. The entire force at the post, after calling in the force at Walnut Creek, Fort Zarah, and at the Cimarron Crossing, consists of about 330 cavalry, 70 infantry, and 19 men of the Ninth Wisconsin Battery. We are compelled to have out constantly on escort duty for the mails not less than 125 men. There are no citizens employed in the quartermaster or commissary of subsistence departments; consequently all the teamsters, herders, blacksmiths, &amp;c., have to be detailed from the command. The term of service of about forty men of Company B and thirty men of Company A, First Cavalry of Colorado, will expire on the 27th instant; about an equal number from Companies L and F, First Cavalry of Colorado, will be liable to be mustered out in about four weeks. This will reduce the command to so small a number as to render it impossible to be of any further service than to guard the post. The Indians are splendidly mounted and well armed; are now in force 150 miles south of the Arkansas River. Yet with my reduced command, after furnishing escort for mails, &c., I do not deem it prudent to leave the post with so small a garrison, as I should be compelled to in case I attacked them. In my opinion 1,000 mounted men, with one light battery mountain howitzers could soon compel them to submission. In fact, I am of the opinion that with 400 well-mounted troops, outside of the force at the post, they could be severely punished.

I am, sir, with much respect, your obedient servant,

SCOTT J. ANTHONY,

Major First Cavalry of Colorado, Commanding Post.

