
taking all the oxen of that train and about 100 head from the others. I have sent Captain Butcher to escort these trains to Fort Lyon. Inclosed please find copy of his orders. With the aid of Shoemaker's and Waters' trains will take the Fort Union train to Fort Larned. Will endeavor to have the freight sent forward as soon as possible. Although I did not see any Indians on the Cimarron route, found trails of large parties, that are evidently watching the road. It will not be safe for trains without escort. Unless otherwise ordered I will remain at Fort Larned to await the arrival of trains reported en route and escort them on my return to Fort Union. Captain Hardy with a company of Colorado volunteers arrived here from Fort Larned, the attack having been reported there.

N. S. DAVIS,

Captain, First Infantry California Vols., Commanding Detachment.
HEADQUARTERS,Fort Craig, N. Mex., August 23, 1864.

Captain BENJAMIN C. CUTLER,

Asst. Adjt. General, Hdqrs. Dept. of New Mexico, Santa Fe.:

CAPTAIN: I have the honor to acknowledge the receipt of orders to get up and Indian expedition of 100 men and place them under the command of Lieutenant-Colonel Bennett. I have already taken the necessary steps to put the expedition on foot at an early day, but I would most respectfully request of the commanding general the privilege of leading this expedition in person, should I think proper to do so. It is just such an opportunity as I have long wished for, and as it promises some practical result, if properly managed, I would like much to have the opportunity of finding out what may be my capacity for Indian fighting. If I can lead the expedition without manifest injury to the service I would like very much to do so.

I have the honor to be, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

OSCAR M. BROWN,

Colonel First Cavalry California Volunteers, Commanding.

AUGUST 23, 1864.

[General JOHN POPE:]

DEAR GENERAL: I inclose two letters from the provost-marshal of the Third District for your perusal and to keep you posted as to the feelings of the people. Captain Clark is a good officer and very attentive to his duties, but he does write very long-winded letters. Please return the letters.

I am, general, yours, truly,

CHAS. S. LOVELL.

[Inclosure Numbers 1.]

PROVOST-MARSHAL'S OFFICE, THIRD DIST. OF WISCONSIN,

Prairie du Chien, August 19, 1864.

Lieutenant Colonel CHARLES S. LOVELL,

Acting Assistant Provost-Marshal-General:

COLONEL: Permit me to call your attention to the fact that many persons in this district are actively and zealously engaged in discour-

