
first drain and thoroughly police the ground and make it a permanent camp. See that shades are erected, and the health and comfort of the command carefully secured. As much ground as is necessary will be taken, but not to pass below the Cross levee.

By command of Colonel H. N. Frisbie:

O. A. RICE,

Lieutenant and Acting Assistant Adjutant-General.
HEADQUARTERS U. S. COLORED TROOPS,Morganza, La., August 24, 1864.

COMMANDING OFFICER PROVISIONAL BRIGADE:

SIR: The colonel commanding directs that you place two regiments of your command in permanent camp on the river-bank to the right of the First Delaware Battery. The left of the first regiment will rest on the battery. If there are any tents or quartermaster's or commissary property in the way they must move immediately, as the ground has been specially assigned by General Lawler. You will first drain and thoroughly police the ground and put it in the best possible condition for the health, comfort, and convenience of your command. Take room enough for each regiment, but be not lavish of it, for there will be none to spare, and more the regiments as soon after the ground is prepared as possible.

By command of Colonel H. N. Frisbie:

O. A. RICE,

Lieutenant and Acting Assistant Adjutant-General.
HEADQUARTERS DEPARTMENT OF THE GULF,New Orleans, August 24, 1864.

Major General F. J. HERRON,

Commanding District of Baton Rouge and Port Hudson:

GENERAL: The surprise of the post at Doyal's plantation and the activity of certain roving parties of the enemy make the utmost vigilance necessary at all of the posts and stations within the command. The commanding general desires that you issue orders to this effect to the several commanders within the command.

I have the honor to be, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

GEO. B. DRAKE,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

BATON ROUGE, August 24, 1864.

(Received 8 a. m.)

Major C. T. CHRISTENSEN,

Assistant Adjutant-General:

The troops from Morganza only commenced landing at Port Hudson half an hour ago, and your last telegram to General Lawler about the cavalry reached him at a very late hour. Nothing will be done, therefore, until to-night. I will accompany the troops from Port Hudson.

F. J. HERRON,

Major-General.

53 R R - VOL XLI, PT II

