
same time keep a good lookout north and south of your post. I will try to move more force in that direction. Can you tell how strong the enemy is and how many guns?*

E. A. CARR,

Brigadier-General, Commanding.

BROWNSVILLE, August 24, 1864.

Brigadier General E. A. CARR:

I am informed that they came from the south, and are a part of Marmaduke's command. Have sent out in both directions, and shall soon know further. Have also sent a mounted force in direction of Ashley's Station. Have sent one train on to the Bluff with a company of revolving rifles. Have also sent a train to Little Rock, as I was informed that there was no engine or cars there to move troops here in case of necessity. I do not know their force, nor do I know whether they have guns, but am so informed.

G. MOYERS,

Lieutenant-Colonel, Command Post.

LITTLE ROCK, ARK., August 24, 1864.

Lieutenant Colonel G. MOYERS,

Commanding, Brownsville, Ark.:

I send Colonel Engelmann with 700 infantry. He is a reliable officer and will of course assume command of the cavalry, if, as I presume, you are the senior officer of that arm, and move out and attack the enemy. The Ninth Kansas Cavalry will reach you early in the morning, commanded by a lieutenant-colonel whose date is in October, 1861. It numbers 700, said to be good fighters. I will send 300 or 400 Tenth Illinois and Third Michigan Cavalry, to start at daylight and go on the north side of the railroad to Brownsville, under orders issued in anticipation of the present state of affairs. General Andrews will march with his whole disposable force and attack the enemy vigorously. We must do the same from this side. Load the train now at Brownsville with non-combatants, particularly the sick of the One hundred and sixty [Illinois], and send it in on the arrival of Engelmann's train. The enemy may not improbably try to attack your attention in front, while they get between you and us. If they move off they must be pursued with vigor.

E. A. CARR,

Brigadier-General, Commanding.

BROWNSVILLE, August 24, 1864-5.15 p. m.

Captain DYER,

Assistant Adjutant-General, District of Little Rock:

Lieutenant Clements, Third Michigan Cavalry, sent to Austin this morning, has just returned. He reports that Shelby and Dobbin crossed White River, at Augusta, with 2,500 men; arrived at Searcy during the afternoon yesterday, and at Austin last night. Leaving fifty men at

---------------

*For dispatch to which this is an answer, see Part I, p. 286.

---------------

