
that place, the main body took the Des Arc road. The lieutenant captured two of Dobbin's men. I consider the information in regard to Dobbin reliable, but think that there is room to doubt Shelby being this side Searcy. Dobbin is said to have from 200 to 400 men. Shelby is said by some to be somewhere on Little Red.

G. MOYERS,

Lieutenant-Colonel, Commanding Post.

LEWISBURG, August 24, 1864-10.30 a. m.

Captain C. H. DYER,

Assistant Adjutant-General:

CAPTAIN: Lieutenant Oliver is from scout above Dardanelle. Had two skirmishers; killed 5 and wounded 7 of the enemy. Steamer Carrie Jacobs arrived last night; am trying to get her off about noon. She can take but fifty tons on present water. I presume she will return immediately; if so, I would respectfully ask permission to visit Little Rock for a few hours. I much wish to consult with the general relative to several important particulars connected with this post. Sent this morning a scout to Searcy.

Respectfully,

A. H. RYAN,

Colonel, &amp;c.

LITTLE ROCK, ARK., August 24, 1864.

Colonel A. H. RYAN,

Lewisburg:

Have the Twenty-ninth Iowa and Marr's battery move at once. The general desires to have them here with as little delay as possible.

By order of Brigadier General E. A. Carr:

C. H. DYER,

Assistant Adjutant-General.
HEADQUARTERS DISTRICT OF LITTLE ROCK,Little Rock, Ark., August 24, 1864.

Colonel MORRISON,

Commanding Post Huntersville:

COLONEL: The brigadier-general commanding directs that your order that parties of the Tenth Illinois and Third Wisconsin Cavalry who are mounted on strong and serviceable horses march to-morrow morning at daylight to Brownsville, taking the road north of the railroad, covering the railroad. The general desires the march to be made as quickly as possible without injury to the stock, the men to be provided with three days' rations; both detachments to march together and be under command of the senior officer.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

C. H. DYER,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

SPECIAL ORDERS, HDQRS. DEPARTMENT OF THE MISSOURI, Numbers 156. Saint Louis, Mo., August 24, 1864.

All enlisted men of the volunteer regiments authorized by General Orders, Numbers 134, current series, from these headquarters, are hereby

