
Snibar Hill now. I have a foot scout west of Wellington to-day. Anderson and Holtzclaw are in Boone and Howard Counties. I leave for Glasgow in the morning.

HENRY SUESS,

Major and Chief of Cavalry.

(Copy of Major-General Rosecrans, August 25.)

KANSAS CITY, MO., August 24, 1864.

Major J. N. SMITH,

Commanding, Independence:

The following just received:

One hundred and fifty bushwhackers crossed the river to your side, two miles, below Ridgeley, last night at 12 o'clock. Look out for more. If you pursue them, they are encumbered with led horses and negroes.

E. C. CATHERWOOD,

Colonel, Commanding.

I have informed Colonel Ford, at Leavenworth.

ROBT. S. ROE,

Acting Assistant Adjutant-General.

SAINT LOUIS, MO., August 24, 1864.

Brigadier-General FISK,

Saint Joseph, Mo.:

A. K. Miller, editor Saint Joseph News, reports that Major Leonard, Ninth Missouri State Militia, with 280 men, was sent out to catch Anderson. A few miles from town they were fired into by Anderson's band of forty-four men, and instead of cleaning them out, as they should have done, marched on and went into camp about two miles beyond. Anderson's gang then went into the town just left by Major Leonard, and remained there several hours, helping themselves to what they wanted. It is also reported that Leonard's men behaved in a very disorderly manner, stealing horses, &amp;c. The general commanding directs that you make a thorough investigation of this matter and report the facts.

FRANK S. BOND,

Major and Aide-de-Camp.

SAINT JOSEPH, MO., August 24, 1864.

Major FRANK S. BOND,

Aide-de-Camp;

I hardly credit the story of disgracefully conduct on the part of Major Leonard's command, but will thoroughly investigate and report. My dispatches of to-day from the bushwhack hunters report forty-one guerrillas mustered out by our boys in the brush in the lower counties. I assure you, major, we are doing all we can with the means in our hands to exterminate the murdering fiends.

CLINTON B. FISK,

Brigadier-General.

