HDQRS. FIRST DIVISION, SEVENTH ARMY CORPS,Little Rock, Ark., July 8, 1864.

Lieutenant Colonel W. D. GREEN,

Asst. Adjt. General, Department of Arkansas:

SIR: I have the honor to report that I have returned from my trip to Wisconsin yesterday afternoon and reported for duty to General Salomon. On our way up White River the steamer Commercial was fired on by about twenty-five men from the east side of the river, between Saint Charles and Crockett's Bluff, severely wounding the mate of the boat. The captain stated that he had not been able to obtain the twenty muskets allowed for each boat by existing orders, and no soldiers being on board, the boat was entirely defenseless.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

A. BLOCKI,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

LITTLE ROCK, ARK., July 8, 1864.

COMMANDING OFFICER,

Lewisburg:

Any further news from the island below Dardanelle, and what would be the best course to take to dislodge the enemy there?

E. A. CARR,

Brigadier-General, Commanding.

LEWISBURG, July 8, 1864. (Received 11 a. m.)

Captain C. H. DYER,

Assistant Adjutant-General:

From latest news I judge the enemy on the island to be some 400 men, who were collected on opposite side of the river and are to join Shelby when he goes out. Cabell is not here, although some of them told a Union woman that he was to be there on the 5th. The best way to dislodge them is to send a boat with troops and a piece of artillery there. Let the troops debark below and march up in the rear while the artillery shells them in front. My scouts are lying opposite them watching their movements.

T. S. CLARKSON,

Major, Commanding Post.

SAINT LOUIS, MO., July 8, 1864. (Received 9 p. m.)

Major General H. W. HALLECK,

Chief of Staff:

As General Heitzelman wants those regiments of 100-days' men, and they must, at least in part, be replaced by militia or other force, not immediately available, which involves expense and much delay, may I beg an early answer to my telegram of the 6th, whether it would not be better to have militia called out at Chicago than make the change and call out militia here? It seems to me this is a much more critical point to watch now.

W. S. ROSECRANS,

Major-General.

