
We have neither carbines nor pistols. With our muskets we can well defend, but pursuit and attack is another trying. Anderson used our signals August 20 when approaching our men; that spoils them for my use.

L. C. MATLACK,

Major, Commanding Post.
HEADQUARTERS,Liberty, Mo., August 24, 1864.

Brigadier General C. B. FISK,

Commanding District of North Missouri:

GENERAL: A grand concentration of all the guerrillas in Northwest Missouri was made last night two miles below Richfield. They came from all directions and crossed the river. I am credibly informed that over 300 crossed; but few passed through Clay County, and they went in a trot in the night. I had no information of it until they were all over, when people came from all directions to report. I immediately sent messengers to Colonel Ford at Kansas City. I had previously requested him to watch this crossing. The people claim to have been detained. If I had my way I would burn Missouri City to the ground. They could have easily given me timely notice. They have invariably failed to give information until too late for any good, and never until allowed to do so by them. I have every man out, and understand they have killed several. I leave here in the morning for Saint Louis, as per Special Orders, Numbers 226, Department of the Missouri. Major A. A. King relieves me.

I am, sir, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

E. C. CATHERWOOD,

Colonel, Commanding.

FORT LEAVENWORTH, August 24, 1864.

Major General S. R. CURTIS,

Fort Kearny:

General McKean has been ordered to report to Major-General Canby. Drake's battalion has been reported to you for duty. He wants to know what is to be done with him. One company has been ordered to Fort Riley.

C. S. CHARLOT,

Major and Assistant Adjutant-General.

FORT KEARNY, August 24, 1864.

Major C. S. CHARLOT:

I will cordially second Wilder's move to raise another cavalry regiment as soon as the Sixteenth is full, but I cannot change this point repeatedly made on the Governor's proposals to begin new organizations of cavalry. How are matters at headquarters? I am waiting arrival of troops. Indians bad at many points on this line, but still acting in small bodies from many strong tribes. All well.

S. R. CURTIS,

Major-General.

