
FORT LEAVENWORTH, August 24, 1864.

Colonel J. M. CHIVINGTON, Denver City:

The authority to confirm sentences of death is vested in the department commander. I do not think it can be delegated.

S. S. CURTIS,

Major and Assistant Adjutant-General.
HEADQUARTERS DISTRICT OF COLORADO,Denver, August 24, 1864.

Major C. S. CHARLOT,

Asst. Adjt. General, Dept. of Kansas, Fort Leavenworth, Kans.:

MAJOR: I have the honor to transmit herewith for the information of the major-general commanding copies of letters from Captain S. E. Browne and Elbridge Gerry to Governor Evans, dated respectively Fort Lupton and Gerry's ranch, South Platte, August 22, 1864. Also letter from Captain A. J. Gill, dated camp near Russellville, August 23, 1864.

I have the honor to be, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

J. M. CHIVINGTON,

Colonel First Cavalry of Colorado, Commanding District.

[Inclosure Numbers 1.]

FORT LUPTON, August 22, 1864.

His Excellency JOHN EVANS, Governor of Colorado:

SIR: Pursuant to your instructions we marched forward, reached this fort yesterday at 11 a. m., of which we took possession, and afternoon sent out a scout of fifteen men under Stanley Hatch, who pushed over to Box Elder Creek, following down its course to near its confluence with the river, and reports signs of two Indians only. Another scout under Lieutenant James McNassar left a few minutes afterward to scour the island immediately below here, in consequence of a report that a man named Francis Whitcomb had not been seen since he was observed in pursuit of Indians. The latter scout returned, having discovered the dead body of Whitcomb, which was brought to the fort, and they also report traces of nine or ten Indians. My command is anxious to be relieved of garrison duty and ordered into the field. Have the kindness to send men for this purpose.

Very respectfully, &amp;c.,

S. E. BROWNE,

Commanding Company.

[Inclosure Numbers 2.]

GERRY'S RANCH,

South Platte, August 22, 1864.

Governor EVANS:

DEAR SIR: A party of ten Cheyenne Indians came into my ranch yesterday evening and ran off all my horses and also Antoine Raynals', about 150 head. As far as I can learn the party is about 150 men, but whether that is true I cannot tell. the Indians came from the north and went back in the same direction with the stock. They may go toward Laramie, but I think it is more than likely that they will cross the Platte somewhere about the Junction and go south. If I can raise a party of ten men I will start after them in the morning.

Very respectfully,

ELBRIDGE GERRY.

