
some fifty miles. They report that the larceny was committed by ten Indians who crossed the river at Gerry's, passed up Crow Creek some twenty miles; then crossed the river within two miles of Fremont's Orchard, and took the route up Bijou. I understand that a military force is stationed at Fremont's Orchard. They must be exceedingly vigilant. I would follow from this point by striking across the country, but have no quartermaster or commissary stores and no transportation with me. I march in half an hour for supplies, when I expect to find all required, and will then march across the prairie to Bijou with my whole command. I am now satisfied beyond a doubt that there is not an Indian between this place and Denver.

Very respectfully,

S. E. BROWNE,

Captain, Commanding.

FORT LUPTON, August 24, 1864.

Colonel J. M. CHIVINGTON,

Commanding District of Colorado:

SIR: Governor John Evans in his letter of August 23, having informed me that the militia of Colorado had been placed subject to your orders, I have the honor to report that since our arrival at this post two scouting parties have been sent out and returned without having seen any Indians, although Indian signs were observable. At 7 a. m. yesterday (23d) a party numbering twenty-six, of this company, under command of Captain S. E. Browne, started out on the trail of Indians who had killed F. Whitcomb, on the island immediately below here, whose burial was reported yesterday to Governor Evans. This detail has not yet returned. When they shall have returned, particulars of their expedition will at once be communicated to you. Seven Indians were reported to have been seen last evening at dusk four miles above this post riding up the course of Dry Creek. The ranchmen in the vicinity have organized a company numbering about forty-seven members, two-thirds of whom have their daily meetings at this fort, and probably are sufficient for its present defense. They are, however, desirous of having a detachment sent to garrison Vasquez Fort, seven miles below. The men of this command are anxious to be relieved of garrison duty and to receive marching orders, in the hope of falling in with parties who have been committing depredations in this neighborhood, and to chastise them for the same.

Respectfully, yours,

S. E. BROWNE,

Captain, Commanding.
HDQRS. DIST. OF MINNESOTA, DEPT. OF NORTHWEST,Saint Paul, Minn., August 24, 1864.

Major General JOHN POPE,

Commanding Department of the Northwest, Milwaukee, Wis.:

GENERAL: I have the honor to state that dispatches have reached me from Lieutenant-Colonel Pfaender, dated Fort Ridgely, 20th and 21st instant, in which he reports that a subaltern with thirty men had been dispatched some days previously in search of the body of Indians seen by the scouts in the direction of the Big Sioux, and no intelligence had since been received from the detachment. He further reports that eight or ten Indians approached the station, occupied by a few men for

