
the protection of the coal mines on the upper Cottonwood in accordance with your orders, on Wednesday night last. They were pursued, but were lost sight of in the darkness. At Norway Lake, a little south of west from Paynesville, the Indians have committed some depredations upon the cattle of the settlers and the latter were fleeing from their farms in great terror. This is the first indication of the presence of the savages north of the Minnesota River since last fall. The limited force at my disposal has been re-enforced by all the men that could be spared from Fort Snelling and the men are stationed so as best to cover the long line from Sauk Centre to the Iowa border.

I am, general, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

H. H. SIBLEY,

Brigadier-General, Commanding.
HEADQUARTERS,Sauk Center, Minn., August 24, 1864.

Brigadier General H. H. SIBLEY,

Commanding District of Minnesota:

GENERAL: I have the honor to report that about six o'clock this afternoon, when the herdsmen brought in the horses, they reported to me that Indians had been seen to-day at Mr. Hickman's (about three miles and a half northwest from here). I immediately ordered out ten men and started for the place. On arriving there, found Mr. Hickman and heard from him that he has seen three Indians - one, armed, came on foot to the house, the other two were at a distance, leading horses, and went in a westerly direction; by the use of a glass they ascertained that they both were armed. I scouted around until it became too dark and then returned to this post to renew the search in the morning.

I am, sir, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

THOS. HARRIS,

Second Lieutenant Co. D, Eighth Minnesota Vols., Commanding Post.

GENERAL HEADQUARTERS STATE OF MINNESOTA,

ADJUTANT-GENERAL'S OFFICE,

Saint Paul, Minn., August 24, 1864.

Brigadier General H. H. SIBLEY,

Commanding District of Minnesota, Saint Paul:

GENERAL: Inclosed I have the honor to transmit copy of a report of Colonel B. F. Smith, commanding State militia, at Mankato, dated August 21. Any further intelligence of interest from the frontier will immediately be communicated to you.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

OSCAR MALMROS,

Adjutant-General.

[Inclosure.]

MANKATO, August 21, 1864.

Adjutant-General MALMROS:

GENERAL: I believe in my last rather hastily dawn report I informed you that for the present I deemed it prudent to keep one or two pickets stationed near the line of settlements. I have had eight men on the

