
scout since the outbreak; have now reduced the number to six, but the citizens complain and ask a much larger force, but unless I see a greater necessity cannot agree to increase to any great extent. There are straggling Indians, but they are not easily caught. There is no chance to get at them or trail them through the dense thicket in these woods; it will be merely an accident if they are caught. Our pickets have found two places where they have been concealed or camped. Several little trinkets were picked up, but their tracks cannot be followed. I apprehend many more of the settlers will leave, but it cannot he helped. The amount of wheat and oats being stacked is very great. Every farm is dotted with large stacks, numbering from three to a dozen or more, and the grain of an excellent quality, with corps of corn better than the usual yield, all in danger of being deserted by the owners. Every effort that we can make to save this great loss we are making at a great sacrifice to ourselves. As soon as Major Fischer shall come we except to organize our minute men. Some of these companies will be quite efficient, and will enable us at all events to make some show of defense if not defiance; perhaps a mere show of defense may do some good. I have to spend most of my time on the frontier - so much, so, that our organization has not been effected as rapidly as was desirable. I have not been able to meet Colonel Pfaender, but know that he is active on his lines. Two more horses have just been returned by one of Colonel Pfaender's men and delivered to the sheriff for the owner. They were taken by the same band that committed the murders near Vernon. The stockade of Vernon continues to be the place of rendezvous for the settlers at night. The reports made to me from our pickets and scouts are not deemed necessary to forward to your office. In a short time I hope to be able to forward the muster-rolls and names of officers. Among the men on picket and scout duty from this town are one clergyman, one lawyer, and three merchants, the rest mechanics. I would like a regiment of such men.

I am, general, your obedient servant,

B. F. SMITH,

Commanding Militia on Frontier.
SPECIAL ORDERS, HDQRS. MIL. DIV. OF WEST MISSISSIPPI, Numbers 108. New Orleans, La., August 25, 1864.

* * * * *

3. The First and Second Regiments Louisiana Cavalry will be consolidated as the First Louisiana Cavalry. To this end the enlisted men of the Second Louisiana Cavalry will at once be transferred to the First Louisiana Cavalry, and the commanding general Nineteenth Army Corps will convene a board of examiners, before whom the officers of each regiment shall appear for examination. The board will forward record of proceedings and recommendations of officers to be retained to these headquarters.

* * * * *

By order of Major General E. R. S. Canby:

C. T. CHRISTENSEN,Major and Assistant Adjutant-General.

