
WASHINGTON, July 8, 1864.

Major-General ROSECRANS,

Saint Louis, Mo.:

The order sent you was by direction of the Secretary of War. It is not for me to revoke or modify it, or to advise you in regard to disobeying it. If there had not been a necessity for it I presume it would not have been issued.

H. W. HALLECK,

Major-General, Chief of Staff.

SAINT LOUIS, July 8, 1864.

Major-General HEINTZELMAN,

Columbus, Ohio:

My order has issued for the two regiments to proceed to Chicago, but I have telegraphed to General Halleck that they are absolutely necessary here, and hope the order may be countermanded. Can you not get along without them? I am now using militia to guard our prisons and depots here.

W. S. ROSECRANS,

Major-General.

SAINT LOUIS, July 8, 1864.

General TOTTEN,

Independence, Mo., or wherever he may be:

A special order just received relieving you from duty in this department, and ordering you to Canby.

O. D. GREENE,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

KANSAS CITY, July 8, 1864.

Major General W. S. ROSECRANS,

Commanding:

I arrived here this evening after having completed my inspection at Independence. Captain Wagoner and seven of his men, killed at the affair on the Little Blue, were buried yesterday with due military honors. I telegraphed you yesterday relative to the sad affair. Report goes to show that Captain Wagoner and his men fought bravely, but were overwhelmed by greatly superior numbers. One-third of the whole number of our men engaged were killed and 1 wounded. I have received information from Colonel Greene relative to my being ordered to General Canby. I presume you wish me to complete my inspection before returning. Please inform me upon this point. I have other matters to communicate, but will do so in cipher.

JAS. TOTTEN,

Brigadier-General, &amp;c.

SAINT LOUIS, July 8, 1864.

Brigadier-General TOTTEN,

Kansas City:

You had better complete your inspection, so that you can not only report on the general condition of the district, but its details. Let

