HEADQUARTERS DISTRICT OF EASTERN ARKANSAS,Helena, Ark., August 25, 1864.

Lieutenant Colonel W. D. GREEN,

Assistant Adjutant-General, Department of Arkansas:

COLONEL: The Forty-seventh Iowa Infantry (100-days' men) go out of service September 11 by expiration of term of service. The One hundred and forty-third Illinois Infantry (100-days' men) go out of service September 18 by virtue of same reason. My tri-monthly for August 20 shows the following, viz: I have for duty, equipped, 2,520 infantry, 154 cavalry, 107 artillery; aggregate, 2,781 rank and file. I shall lose from this, by departure of the two regiments of 100-days' men, 1.045 rank and file, leaving me but 1,736 men. The safety of this post and suppression of marauding bands cannot be obtained unless my present force is kept good. I respectfully request that two regiments be ordered to this district to relieve the troops about to be mustered out. I should have in increase of cavalry. Some 300 or 400 will probably re-enlist from the One hundred and forty-third Illinois, but I can get a portion of these.

I am, colonel, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

WM. CROOKS,

Colonel Sixth Minnesota Infantry, Commanding District.

LITTLE ROCK, ARK., August 25, 1864.

Brigadier General C. C. ANDREWS,

Commanding, Devall's Bluff, Ark.:

Everything is all quiet here, at Pine Bluff, and at Lewisburg. I hear nothing of crossing, except a report brought in by a citizen south of Brownsville. Send for the troops at Saint Charles if you think you need them. I presume you have sent all your disposable force to attack Shelby, according to my orders given some time since. Send me a full report of everything you have done, also all news from the enemy, and state what they have accomplished.*

E. A. CARR,

Brigadier-General, Commanding.
HEADQUARTERS SECOND DIVISION,Devall's Bluff, August 25, 1864.

(Received 7 a. m. 26th.)

Captain D. H. DYER,

Assistant Adjutant-General:

I learn this afternoon from good authority that many small parties of Fagan's men have been seen within twenty miles of here. The force at this point is not sufficient to do the work required, and I deem it highly advisable that we be re-enforced by the troops now stationed at Saint Charles. As soon as I was informed of the attack on the hay stations yesterday I sent out Colonel Geiger with the available force at hand, consisting of 750 cavalry. He commenced skirmishing with Shelby's

---------------

*For reply, see Part I, p. 282.

---------------

