
LITTLE ROCK, ARK., August 25, 1864.

COMMANDING OFFICER,

Brownsville, Ark.:

Make me a full report at once of everything which has occurred since 8 o'clock yesterday p. m.; what troops have arrived and departed; what are now at Brownsville; what trains are now there; what news from the road, the enemy, and our scouts. If our troops pursue the enemy, wagons must follow with provisions.

E. A. CARR,

Brigadier-General.

LITTLE ROCK, ARK., August 25, 1864.

COMMANDING OFFICER,

Brownsville, Ark.:

Answer my dispatch at once. It was sent more than an hour ago. Report frequently and keep me informed or everything.

E. A. CARR,

Brigadier-General, Commanding.

BROWNSVILLE, August 25, 1864--10 p. m.

(Received 10.45 p. m.)

Captain DYER:

The sergeant who carried the communication from General Andrews informs me that all the infantry at the hay stations, consisting of eight companies of the Fifty-fourth Illinois, were captured. Only a very few of the First Nebraska Cavalry on duty at the station escaped. Subsequently Colonel Geiger, with the Ninth Iowa, two companies of the Eleventh Missouri, and the Eighth Missouri, at 4 p. m., had a two hours' fight with Shelby near Ashley's. After driving the enemy into the woods Colonel Geiger returned to the Bluff. His loss amounted to about 50 in killed and wounded. When the sergeant left the Bluff no pursuit of Shelby had been undertaken. Your dispatch of 9.45 p. m. is just received. Being informed that the course supposed to have been taken by the enemy leaves the railroad at Ashley's at right angles, while the Austin road was represented to me as affording a diagonal, I directed Colonel Clark to take it. Major Hudson having returned to Brownsville, he, with the Third Michigan, also took that road. Colonel Mitchell is supposed to have been captured. Richmond was mentioned by Doctor Sullivan as the place where the enemy were crossing the Arkansas.

A. ENGELMANN,

Colonel.

BROWNSVILLE, August 25, 1864--8.30 p. m.

Captain C. H. DYER,

Assistant Adjutant-General:

Your dispatch of 8 p. m. just received. The Ninth Kansas and Third Michigan were sent in the direction of Austin at noon, each of the regiments numbering about 350 men. Infantry and artillery are all at this post, except 116 of the Fifty-fourth Illinois, under Lieutenant-Colonel Chapman, repairing road. Detachments of the Tenth Illinois and Third

