
Wisconsin have not been heard from. A hand-car has been started for Devall's Bluff, with communication to General Andrews. As yet we have had no communication with the Bluff. No further intelligence from Shelby. Doctor Sullivan, mentioned in last dispatch, is represented by the officers of the Twenty-second Ohio as reliable.

ADOLPH ENGELMANN,

Colonel, &amp;c.

LITTLE ROCK, ARK., August 25, 1864.

Colonel POWELL CLAYTON,

Commanding, Pine Bluff:

Yours of the 21st just received. Troops left at noon, 20th.

Respectfully,

W. D. GREEN,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

LITTLE ROCK, August 25, 1864.

Colonel CLAYTON:

Our communications between Brownsville and Devall's Bluff have been interrupted and the railroad occupied in force by the enemy. I fear that Fagan has crossed below Pine Bluff and effected a junction with Shelby. What do you think? Answer immediately.

F. STEELE,

Major-General.

PINE BLUFF, ARK., August 25, 1864.

Major-General STEELE:

I do not believe any rebel forces have crossed below this post. I had a scouting party forty miles down the river. No troops had crossed between that point and Pine Bluff. If any troops have crossed they must have done so near the mouth of the river, but I do not think such is the case. It is certain that Cabell and Marmaduke have crossed to the south side of the Saline at Mount Elba where they had a pontoon bridge. A scouting party under Lieutenant Grove attacked the rear guard of Cabell's brigade, under Colonel Crawford, near Mount Elba last Monday. He captured Colonel Crawford's horse, 1 lieutenant, and 16 men. The main command was then in the act of crossing. Marmaduke's brigade crossed day before yesterday. Two deserters came in yesterday from Marmaduke. They confirm the above and say that all of the rebel cavalry (about 15,000 strong) are under General Price; that they intend to cross the Arkansas River between Little Rock and Fort Smith; destination Missouri. I think there is no doubt but that the enemy's cavalry is moving up the south side of the Saline, probably with a view of crossing the Arkansas above Little Rock. I think there is no doubt but that their original plan was to cross a part of their force below this post, but I believe they have given up that plan entirely. Everything is quieter here than usual. We forage on the other side of the river about fifteen miles from here. Our trains have met with no annoyance.

POWELL CLAYTON,

Colonel, Commanding.

