
LITTLE ROCK, ARK., August 25, 1864.

Colonel P. CLAYTON,

Commanding at Pine Bluff:

Citizens come into Brownsville to-day report rebels crossing at Richland. General Andrews reports they have several bridges across the Arkansas. What do you think about it?

E. A. CARR,

Brigadier-General, Commanding.

XENIA, OHIO, August 25, 1864.

Captain HUDSON:

Will be in Cincinnati at 12 m. Leave there for Indianapolis this p. m.

W. S. ROSECRANS,

Major-General.

CAPE GIRARDEAU, August 25, 1864.

General EWING,

Saint Louis, Mo.:

I learn from a man just from Jacksonport, Ark., that Shelby has ten regiments in camp six miles above Jacksonport. Supposed to have some 5,000 or 6,000 men there.

H. M. HILLER,

Lieutenant-Colonel, Commanding.

CAPE GIRARDEAU, August 25, 1864.

Brigadier-General EWING:

All summer the quartermaster has been sending trains from this post into the adjacent country after forage without a guard. On the evening of the 23d, as a train of six wagons was passing through a swamp, four miles from here, on the Benton road, the three near wagons were fired on by two guerrillas from the brush, and one of the teamsters killed. The guerrillas then set fire to the hay and left it without taking a single mule; two of the wagons were burned. I sent out a party of men immediately, but no traces could be found of the guerrillas. I had out parties all day yesterday, trying to ferret out the affair, but without effect. Believe it was done by citizens, as I can not hear of any guerrillas having been seen in the country. Have set agents at work trying to get some clue to the affair.

H. M. HILLER,

Lieutenant-Colonel, Commanding.

PILOT KNOB, MO., August 25, 1864.

Brigadier-General EWING,

Saint Louis, Mo.:

I sent a squad to Cadet Station yesterday morning. Scouts are out continually scouring Saint Francois and Washington Counties. A band of fifty guerrillas entered Webster and plundered the place on the morning of the 23d, and returned in a southwesterly direction. Scouts

