
SAINT JOSEPH, August 25, 1864.

General DOUGLASS,

Mexico:

It seems to me that with the force in Howard County the guerrillas should be cleared out of that locality. I am advised that they congregate in Rocheport in large numbers and hold night carnivals over their successes over the Federals. Would it not be well to move a portion of the Fayette force to Rocheport? What did you effect in the detachment send to Middle Grove?

CLINTON B. FISK,

Brigadier-General.

MEXICO, August 25, 1864.

General FISK:

I will order two companies Ninth Cavalry from Fayette to Rocheport. Scout sent to Middle Grove failed to find Frank Davis, but captured and mortally wounded a brother of Colonel Perkins. Captain Fowkes' company, from Paris, encountered Davis' force yesterday near Madison, killed and wounded 1, and being surrounded by large numbers sent last night for re-enforcements. I sent seventy men to their relief from Sturgeon, and hope to hear good results from them to-night.

J. B. DOUGLASS,

Brigadier-General.

DANVILLE, MO., August 25, 1864.

Major-General ROSECRANS,

Commanding Department of the Missouri:

The murders, robberies, and other outrages committed by guerrillas are fast making the county untenable for Union men. Not a day passes but some Union man is robbed of almost all he is worth, and if he offers any opposition to the robbery he is at once shot. Of course the greatest consternation prevails. Something must be done and done at once, or loyal men must leave this country. And in all this excitement rebels remain at home in peace and safety, attending to their business, and free from alarm from either guerrilla or Union troops. It seems to us but right and proper that these do-nothing rebels who stay at home without fear should be made to indemnify their loyal neighbors for the robberies constantly being committed. This or something else must be done at once or Union men must give up the country. They do not dare to sleep in their houses at night, and fear to cultivate their farms in daytime. Again, all the loyal men who are able in this country are in the service, while rebels have all pretty much their own way. The draft would in some measure equalize this. It is no argument against the draft that it would drive these men into the brush or the rebel army. They could do us less harm in the brush or the rebel army than where they are. They are harboring, feeding, and clothing these scoundrels that are destroying the country. Let the draft come and let the assessments be made. If it brings excitement and trouble, let it come. Union men can have no more trouble than already exists. Any other trouble must fall on rebels and their sympathizers. We have taken the liberty of making these suggestions to you because

