
was sealed, just as tight as letter could be sealed. The bushwhackers immediately got after me at Roanoke, and watched the town all night, thinking I would come there. The men who watched were under Lieutenant Jackson. Reiter did not expose me till I had seen a good many bushwhackers. I had been there a week and had seen some of Anderson's, Holtzclaw's, Todd's, Pitney's, and Perkins' men, and I talked with them all. Their conversation seemed to be all about the same; they were "going to make that country hotter than hell," and intend, they say, "to hold it, by God, to a certainty." I went into the Federal camp the night they were camped at Roanoke. There was a major there with 250 men. I told him of the whereabouts of Anderson and the different parties of men, but never effected anything. I told him at the time that he was moving too slow to ever think about catching Anderson. This major's name is McDermott, of the First Iowa, I believe. On Sunday night last I saw some of Lieutenant Jackson's men. There were four of them dismounted. They entered Jacksonville and the militia came upon them. The militia shot at me, supposing that I was a bushwhacker, but they only wounded my horse. They say Shelby will be to the Missouri River by two weeks. They also say part of Quantrill's men are now crossing the Missouri going into the northern district. They say they are going to have Huntsville, when they will burn everything and kill all the people in it. Anderson is trying to get Perkins to combine his forces with him, and then they will attack Huntsville. All those forces up there are Perkins' command, with the exception of Anderson, and he is independent of all.

The postmaster at Roanoke is trying to get on the right side of the bushwhackers, as he thinks they will soon control things up there, and he thinks he is all right with the Union people. He deceived me up there and I can do nothing, though I had the entire confidence of the rebels before that. I am confident that the citizens will all turn out as bushwhackers if this thing is not put down within two weeks. They are all into it. If I had the men I could have had Anderson and Holtzclaw both. I was four miles from Anderson's camp one morning and ate breakfast with some of his men. I did not want to go into it because he would have wanted me to remain there. Anderson came within a mile or two of Huntsville and camped there all night with sixty men, and tore down the telegraph wire last Tuesday right in sight of 100 Federal soldiers. I surrendered to the commander of the post at Huntsville as a bushwhacker and was by him placed under guard, but aboard the train, and sent to St. Louis, where I arrived last night.

GEORGE WILLIAMS.

Subscribed and sworn to before me this 26th day of August, 1864.

I. C. DODGE,

Lieutenant and Assistant Provost-Marshal-General.

OFFICE OF THE MO. AND PENN. LEAD CO. OF WEBSTER,

Potosi, Mo., August 25, 1864.

Brigadier-General EWING:

DEAR SIR: I now will attempt to give you an account of our experience since I left you last Saturday night. The fears I expressed to you have been realized. The tardiness and red tape that has characterized the military organizations has been appreciated by the bushwhackers,

