
I am sorry to say we have no force in this (North) district that can be sent you, and General Curtis thinks that none can be taken from McKean's district--indeed, there comes up from Fort Scott a "Macedonian call" for help since the removal of Conkey's force. I sent you a company (A) of Drake's battalion last night, and an ammunition train consisting of 30,000 Sharps carbine cartridges, 25,000 Starr carbine cartridges, 25,000 Merrill carbine cartridges, 15,000 Colt army revolver cartridges, 10,000 Colt navy revolver cartridges. This train left last night with an escort of ---- men. Captain Insley assures me that he is doing all in his power to get horses for you. The troops at the post must wait for you to be supplied. Captain Stubblefield's company will be mounted next, and I shall advise that he be sent to you as soon as mounted. McKean is ordered to report to Canby. This will make a "new deal" on brigadiers. I have telegraphed the general and hope to hear from him to-day. Your communication has been forwarded by special messenger to Delaware Agency as requested. No more at present. Kind regards to the staff.

Yours, truly,

C. S. CHARLOT,

Major and Assistant Adjutant-General.
HEADQUARTERS DISTRICT OF NEBRASKA,Omaha, Nebr. Ter., August 25, 1864.

His Excellency Honorable ALVIN SAUNDERS,

Governor of Nebraska Territory:

As I informed Your Excellency yesterday, all troops now at this post will be sent to-morrow en route to Fort Kearny. General Mitchell, at the suggestion of Major-General Curtis, directs me to call upon Your Excellency for a sufficient number of militia to guard the Government supplies and for the performance of other necessary military duty at this station. If you will send the officer in charge of such troops as you may detail, in compliance with this request, to me I will instruct him as to the nature, &amp;c., of the duty to be performed. A detachment of about forty men will be needed to properly perform the regular stationary guard duty here.

I am, Your Excellency's very obedient servant,

JNO. PRATT,

Assistant Adjutant-General.
HEADQUARTERS DISTRICT OF NEBRASKA,Omaha, Nebr. Ter., August 25, 1864.

His Excellency Honorable ALVIN SAUNDERS,

Governor of Nebraska Territory:

I am in receipt of communications from Plattsmouth and Nebraska City, asking that detachments of troops be sent from here to those points for their protection. The evil apprehended and against which the protection is asked, arises from the presence, in large numbers, of persons suspected of having been members of Quantrill's and Thornton's guerrilla bands in Missouri. There is reason to believe that the apprehensions of the citizens of those towns, and of other places are to a great extent well founded; but the existing exigencies having necessitated

