
the removal of all U. S. troops to the scene of Indian hostilities the aid they ask for from the military authorities cannot at this time be furnished. I deem it proper, therefore, to call the attention of Your Excellency to the matter, in order that such orders as you may see fit may issue to the Territorial militia, which constitutes the only body of troops available for the purpose of protecting the river towns, or for such other action as you may deem proper.

I have the honor to be, your very obedient servant,

JNO. PRATT,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

OMAHA, August 25, 1864.

Brigadier General ROBERT B. MITCHELL,

Fort Kearny, Nebr. Ter.:

The removal of all troops from here prevents all details for fatigue and guard over our supplies. It is almost impossible to hire men at the times and in the number they will be wanted for fatigue duty. Can I not order down an officer and twenty men from Jackson's company at Dakota? I will have to send prisoners with the detachment to Fort Kearny.

JNO. PRATT,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

IN THE FIELD, DEPARTMENT OF KANSAS,

Fort Kearny, August 25, 1864.

Joseph McFadden, having reported with seventy-six Pawnee Indians, is hereby appointed to act as captain of scouts at $5 a day and rations, commencing on the 20th day of this month. He will also be entitled to rations in kind. Indians will be paid as scouts at the rates paid soldiers while they are in actual service.

S. R. CURTIS,

Major-General.

TWELVE-MILES HOUSE, August 25, 1864--12 m.

Honorable JOHN EVANS,

Governor and Commander-in-Chief Colorado Militia:

SIR: I have the honor to report that after my last report to you on the evening of Monday last, I received intelligence from a settler who had been down the Platte twenty miles for stock, that a party of Indians had been seen, and that he saw a burning house on the north side of the river. Acting on this intelligence I went out at 6 a. m. Tuesday, with a detachment of twenty-six men, and marched down the Platte, meandering the bottoms to Latham, where I arrived at 5 p. m. We had learned that Gerry's stock had been taken, and yesterday a. m. I started the command back to Lupton and with Sergt. Stanley Hatch went down to Gerry's, seven miles below Latham to learn the facts. Mr. Gerry informed us that he had followed the trail of the Indians who had stolen his stock until he ascertained that they had crossed the Platte within two miles of Fremont's, Orchard, and, in his opinion, that they had gone to the headwaters of Beaver Creek. Mr.

