
Hatch and I then returned to Lupton, having ridden forty-four miles alone. I am satisfied that there are no hostile Indians for seventy miles down the Platte, and being so satisfied, in order that the expense may be saved to Government, I march at 7 a. m. this morning for Denver City with my whole command. The citizens along the valley are retiring to their ranches, and confidence has been restored. Fifty men are now organized in the vicinity of Lupton for defense, and are confident that they are equal to any emergency that may arise. I learned on the scout that the story about Indians being seen, and the burning house, was totally without foundation. I suggest the propriety of allowing my command to return the stores on hand to the quartermaster and commissary, retaining our organization, with the understanding that we may be called out at any moment. We have made scouts of 250 miles since leaving home and our stock requires sent. We will either do this or go into camp as ordered, but as very many of my men are business men, they might for a part of each day be allowed to look after their own interests, and drill as ordered by the colonel commanding. I send this forward by Lieutenant McNassar and Ensign Lincoln, who will confer with you on the subject.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

S. E. BROWNE,

Captain Mounted Colorado Cavalry.

[Indorsement.]

EXECUTIVE DEPARTMENT, COLORADO TERRITORY,

Denver, August 25, 1864.

In case the public service will justify, I recommend that the application of Captain Browne be granted for his company, as set forth within. Having every confidence that Captain Browne and his command will promptly respond to orders, and that they will hold themselves subject to command in case of emergency, I trust they may be dispensed with for the time being.

JOHN EVANS,

Governor of Colorado Territory.

MADISON, August 25, 1864.

Major General JOHN POPE,

Commanding Department of the Northwest:

GENERAL: I have the honor to inclose a letter of Captain Merrill, and Mr. Smith's letter, which he refers to. If it is possible to send a company to Green Bay it would have a very beneficial effect, not only in the Fifth District, but also in the Fourth District. There are ample quarters, I believe, at old Fort Howard.

I am, general, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

CHAS. S. LOVELL,

Lieutenant Colonel 18th Infty., Actg. Asst. Pro. March General of Wisconsin.

[Inclosure.]

PROVOST-MARSHAL'S OFFICE, FIFTH DIST. OF WISCONSIN,

Green Bay, August 23, 1864.

Colonel CHARLES S. LOVELL,

Acting Assistant Provost-Marshal-General, Madison:

COLONEL: In reply to your request that I make suggestions as to the best method to be pursued to insure a peaceable and successful draft, I would say that it is difficult to tell at this time what precautionary

55 R R--VOL XLI, PT II

