
steps ought to be taken. To illustrate, I will give you to-day's experience. By to-day's mail I received the inclosed letter from Mr. E. D. Smith, of Menasha, one of the most prominent and reliable citizens of the town. I received another from Kewaunee County (anonymous) saying that there was a determination to resist the draft in that section. E. M. Squire, from Door County (formerly deputy there), reports the current talk and belief that there will be open resistance in some places. An anonymous letter from Appleton to Doctor Crane expressed a determination to shoot him and myself. This is only one day's "signs." On the contrary, two prominent citizens of Manitowoc tell me to-day that there is no danger, so far as they know of, of any resistance. It cannot be denied that many prominent persons have fears of open resistance, and that there are apparently good reasons for their apprehensions. I cannot yet satisfy my own mind that we shall have trouble, but it is much the safest plan to provide for any contingency. Upon a careful review of the whole matter, I would advise that a full company be sent here, if possible, at once. this will greatly strengthen and encourage the friends of the Government and discourage and intimidate its enemies, and be almost sure to prevent any attempt at resistance. If this cannot be done send as near a full company as may be possible. If you cannot send us this force or any at present so advise me, that I may know that we must rely upon ourselves. We are in the midst of a hostile and disaffected district, where the opposition and their sympathizers greatly outnumber the reliable men and local aid difficult to obtain. If you cannot send us assistance allow me to retain as many recruits as I think best. We are getting quite a number of good reliable men. Will perhaps have forty or fifty this week. If twenty-five or fifty muskets could be sent it would be well. You may think this a little premature, but if, as is believed, open resistance is contemplated, how important that we prepare in season. To-day fifty armed men, organized and under a bold leader, could march through this city, destroy public papers, arrest prominent citizens and officers, and perhaps rally around them from 300 to 500 kindred spirits in twenty-four hours. But with a company of soldiers at hand, and law on our side, we should not fear a mob of 500, nor could such a mob be collected in view of full preparation to enforce law. I have proper men watching the signs, and although overburdened with office work, keep a vigilant eye on the opposition.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

C. R. MERRILL,

Captain and Provost-Marshal, Fifth District of Wisconsin.

[Sub-inclosure.]

CONFIDENTIAL.]

MENASHA, August 23, 1864.

Captain C. R. MERRILL,

Provost-Marshal:

DEAR SIR: I write at this time to say that there is a man in this town, who is a Union man and intends to enlist in a company being formed here, who is acquainted with the signs and passwords of that gang through this State and the Northwest who propose to resist the draft. The organization is large in this State. He formerly belonged to them, and knows all the signs, &amp;c. Now, I would suggest whether such a person could not be of great service to the country and to the State by being detailed for secret service in looking up these fellows

