
and reporting on their movements to the proper authorities. Would it not be well for you to call the attention of the Governor to this matter? I will not mention any names, and shall send this by private hand. When it is necessary, if you think it of sufficient importance, will correspond with you. I have no desire to create any alarm or uneasiness, but from what I can hear should think it is a matter that should have attention. Of course you will treat this as entirely confidential, and destroy it when read.

I am, yours, truly,

E. D. SMITH.
HDQRS. DIST. OF MINNESOTA, DEPT. OF THE NORTHWEST,Saint Paul, Minn., August 25, 1864.

Major General JOHN POPE,

Commanding Department of the Northwest, Milwaukee, Wis.:

GENERAL: I have the honor to state that dispatches of the 22nd instant from Lieutenant-Colonel Pfaender give the information that Lieutenant McGrade, with the detachment of cavalry sent in pursuit of the Indians near Hole-in-the-Mountain seen by the scouts, had been heard from. No Indians had been found as yet, but signs and tracks three or four days old were numerous. Lieutenant McGrade would continue the search. He had discovered fifteen head of cattle described as "being wild as buffalo," which he succeeded in driving to the scouts camp on the Coteau, and would bring to Fort Ridgely on his return from the scout duty imposed upon him. On the 21st, in the evening, the men at Camp Burns, fifteen miles north of Ridgely, fired at an Indian on the border of a lake, but did not succeed in killing him. Two arrows were shot at a sentinel on post at that station the same night. The indications are that the savages are about changing their sphere of operations to the north of the Minnesota River, which has hitherto been undisturbed. I shall try to meet them if such is their plan.

I am, general, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

H. H. SIBLEY,

Brigadier-General, Commanding.
HDQRS. DIST. OF MINNESOTA, DEPT. OF THE NORTHWEST,Saint Paul, Minn., August 25, 1864.

Lieutenant Colonel WILLIAM PFAENDER,

Commanding Second Sub-District, Fort Ridgely:

COLONEL: Your dispatches of 20th, 21st, and 22nd, with inclosures, have reached these headquarters. General Sibley directs me to express to you his gratification that the frontier has been placed in so good a position by your energy and activity. That small parties of Indians continue to infest the border, more with a view to horse stealing than with an intent to do injury to the persons of the settlers, appears undeniable, and their sphere of operations will probably be extended to the region of the Big Woods on the north of the Minnesota River if they are led to suppose there is less danger to be apprehended in that quarter. A small re-enforcement of thirty-two men will doubtless

