
The general condition of the defenses, as above described, with the exceptions I have noted in the narrative, is good, but not altogether of that high character the it should be. The reasons of this are too various, and probably well known, to mention them here. For the short time I have occupied this position my whole time has been given to this subject, and, I am happy to say, not without some result; but there is an immense task here yet to be performed.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

T. W. SHERMAN,

Brigadier-General, Commanding.

NEW ORLEANS, August 26, 1864.

Brigadier-General LAWLER:

What information have you as to crossing? It is reported that small boats are being transferred to the river from Jackson.

J. J. REYNOLDS,

Major-General.
HEADQUARTERS DISTRICT OF VICKSBURG,Vicksburg, Miss., August 26, 1864.

Major C. T. CHRISTENSEN,

Assistant Adjutant-General, Mil. Div. of West Mississippi:

Wirt Adams moved Monday with his command and seven pieces of artillery in the direction of Port Hudson, Bayou Sara, or thereabouts, to aid Walker's crossing. This information is derived from four of the enemy's scouts captured by me last night on the Big Black. It appears to be a diversion in favor of Walker crossing above Natchez, or else there will be two crossings attempted.

Respectfully,

N. J. T. DANA,

Major-General.
HEADQUARTERS DISTRICT OF EASTERN ARKANSAS,Helena, Ark., August 26, 1864.

Lieutenant Colonel W. D. GREEN,

Assistant Adjutant-General, Department of Arkansas:

COLONEL: Two citizens, Turner Havens and J. H. Burrows, were captured by Dobbin's command from the plantations on the 1st of August. They escaped last Sunday evening from a point four miles this side of Augusta. They made their way to Memphis and arrived here to-day. Dobbin has twenty gun-boat men and ten citizens; be had 186 negroes. He bonded or let the negroes to sundry persons, but killed none. Dobbin was to have crossed White River at Augusta on Sunday last. From conversations overheard, or direct, my informants infer that the "concentration of rebels" is equal to 18,000 of all sorts and conditions. They propose attacking Devall's Bluff, and subsequently Little Rock. They have been less plenty around here for the past few days. I sent you, in my last, a report of a raid by Major Carmichael. Immediately followed it by another, who have not reported. They calculate on getting arms from across the river and have prepared lumber for making boats. They are constantly watched

