
and won't succeed. I shall try and break up Blackburn's gang in Mississippi, as well as secure animals enough to keep even with Dobbin. The health of the command is very bad, but we look for an early improvement.

I am, colonel, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

WM. CROOKS,

Colonel Sixth Minnesota Infantry, Commanding District.

LITTLE ROCK, ARK., August 26, 1864.

Brigadier General C. C. ANDREWS,

Devall's Bluff:

As you have but so small a number of cavalry, the general thinks you had better retain them for the purpose of patrolling the railroad. It is reported that there is quite a large number of stock and small-arms along the railroad that can be saved. The general thinks it would be well to make a scout to the south, but leaves it with you.

C. H. DYER,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

LITTLE ROCK, August 26, 1864.

Brigadier General C. C. ANDREWS,

Commanding:

GENERAL: I send an order for the officer commanding the troops at Saint Charles.* If there are my steamers at your post dispatch one with this order, that the command may lose no time in getting to Devall's Bluff. Colonel Clayton has had scouting parties forty miles below Pine Bluff. He does not believe that the rebel troops have crossed the Arkansas in any considerable force, although it was their plan to do so. He says his reconnoitering parties followed the rebels across the Saline, and he thinks that a large cavalry force, reported 15,000, is moving up on the other side of the saline with the view of crossing the Arkansas to go to Missouri. Price is in command. Shelby had the impudence to send a flag of truce to our pickets on the north side of the river last night.

F. STEELE,

Major-General.
HEADQUARTERS DEPARTMENT OF ARKANSAS,Little Rock, August 26, 1864.

COMMANDING OFFICER OF U. S. TROOPS AT SAINT CHARLES:

(Care of General Andrews, Devall's Bluff.)

SIR: You will move with your whole command to Devall's Bluff and report to Brigadier General C. C. Andrews, commanding, as soon as practicable, using any steam-boats that may be found in White River for transportation.

F. STEELE,

Major-General.

---------------

*See next, post.

---------------

