
BROWNSVILLE, August 26, 1864--7 a. m.

Captain C. H. DYER,

Assistant Adjutant-General:

The hand-car has returned from Devall's Bluff with dispatches from General Andrews. The railroad has been repaired, the construction train having reached the Bluff. The telegraph wires are badly cut, requiring several days for repairing. A squad of the Tenth Illinois came in last night, their horses having given out. They report the detachment of the Tenth Illinois and Third Wisconsin following after Colonel Clark, Ninth Kansas, commanding cavalry.

A. ENGELMANN,

Colonel, Commanding Brigade.

LITTLE ROCK, August 26, 1864.

Colonel ENGELMANN,

Brownsville:

Send, as soon as they can get ready, wagons with rations to Colonel Clark. Send one regiment of infantry and four pieces of artillery. Send express to Colonel Clark, notifying him that they are coming. Make up a pioneer corps with what tools you can get. General West is going out with all the force we can raise here and at Devall's Bluff. Send dispatches to General Andrews and Colonel Geiger by locomotive, if you have one; if not, by express. Send also dispatch for Colonel Clark if it arrives.

By order of Brigadier General E. A. Carr:

C. H. DYER,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

LITTLE ROCK, August 26, 1864--7 p. m.

Colonel ENGELMANN,

Brownsville:

Let the artillery take eight horses to the carriage, and take two rifles and two 12-pounder howitzers. There is a train lying near Brownsville for grazing. Take what wagons you need from it, teamsters and all. See that they move out by daylight, well provided. Let them take all the provisions they can. I will return with the forage in the morning.

C. J. COLES,

Acting Assistant Quartermaster.

LITTLE ROCK, August 26, 1864--8.30 p. m.

Colonel ENGELMANN,

Brownsville:

Some of the Twenty-second Ohio, who were out with me last time, know a first-rate road to Austin, but the crossing of the bayou within two miles of your camp is rather deep. Still I recommend that road to you.

J. R. WEST,

Brigadier-General.

