
BROWNSVILLE, August 26, 1864--1.55 p. m.

(Received 2.45 p. m.)

Captain C. H. DYER,

Assistant Adjutant-General:

The following has just been received:

SEARCY ROAD, THREE MILES NORTHEAST OF AUSTIN,

August 26, 1864--8 a. m.

COMMANDING OFFICER,

Brownsville Station:

SIR: Shelby passed here yesterday with from 2,000 to 3,000 men, four pieces of artillery. I learned that Shelby sent the prisoners taken on the railroad by the way of Hickory Plains. Shelby's whole force had passed this point at 3 o'clock. I have just found their whereabouts. My men are now skirmishing with them, half a mile in front. I want more men and some artillery. This command is not able to cope with Shelby. He has taken a strong position across Cypress Creek. I think Shelby intends to fight, as he has not yet broken camp to run. We have driven his pickets two miles. Send re-enforcements as soon as possible. Shelby has torn up the bridge so that we cannot cross the creek without having artillery to cover our crossing.

Respectfully,

C. S. CLARK,

Lieutenant-Colonel, Commanding.

I ask for instructions as to what I shall do in this matter.

ADOLPH ENGELMANN,

Colonel Forty-third Illinois, Commanding Brigade.

[Indorsement.]

Respectfully referred to General Steele for his information.

There is no cavalry here, and if there was it would take them till some time to-morrow to reach the point. It would take the cavalry at the Bluff quite as long. I have sent word to Colonel Clark that the force of cavalry at Devall's Bluff has gone back to that place. I have also sent orders to General Andrews to send a small force of picked men and horses to make Shelby believe that the whole force from the Bluff was after him. Colonel Clark's force is the Third Michigan, Ninth Kansas, Tenth Illinois, Third Wisconsin, about 1,000 men.

E. A. CARR,

Brigadier-General.

LITTLE ROCK, August 26, 1864--3.40 p. m.

Colonel ENGELMANN:

The general has no further orders to give other than those telegraphed to-day. Do not fail to send word to Colonel Clark that the cavalry from Devall's Bluff has returned.

By order of Brigadier General E. A. Carr:

C. H. DYER,

Assistant Adjutant-General.
HEADQUARTERS DISTRICT OF LITTLE ROCK,Little Rock, Ark., August 26, 1864.

Colonel MORRISON,

Commanding Post of Huntersville:

I am instructed by the brigadier-general commanding to direct you to have all the cavalry of your command that is fit to travel (except Merrill's Horse), including the mountain howitzer of the Tenth Illinois

