
LITTLE ROCK, August 26, 1864.

General P. CLAYTON,

Pine Bluff:

DEAR GENERAL: My staff and myself, and, I might add, everybody in this city whose good opinion is worth having, are in ecstacy at your promotion. Full justice will be done the occasion at my headquarters this evening. Forrest has made a raid through Memphis, but was driven out before he could do much damage. Their principal object was to capture Generals Washburn and Hurlbut, but they were both sleeping out.

Yours,

F. STEELE,

Major-General.

PINE BLUFF, ARK., August 26, 1864.

Major-General STEELE:

DEAR GENERAL: I thank you for your kind congratulations. You have accomplished more than I ever expected would be done for me. If I have received promotion, as your dispatch indicates, I hope to serve under you until "this cruel war is over."

POWELL CLAYTON,

Colonel, Commanding.

LITTLE ROCK, August 26, 1864.

(Received 3.40 p. m.)

Colonel POWELL CLAYTON,

Commanding:

See that every portion of your command is at once supplied with ammunition--infantry, 100 rounds to a man with him and 100 in reserve; cavalry, 100 rounds of carbine and 50 rounds of pistol to a man; artillery, 200 rounds to a gun. If you have not sufficient in Pine Bluff, let me know by telegraph how much and of what kind you want and I will forward immediately.

By order of Brigadier General E. A. Carr:

F. F. BURLOCK,

First Lieutenant and Acting Ordnance Officer.

PINE BLUFF, August 26, 1864.

(Received 9.15 p. m.)

Captain C. H. DYER,

Assistant Adjutant-General:

A deserter from the Twelfth Texas Cavalry states that he is just in from the rebels; reports that there is a camp rumor amongst the rebel soldiers that Price is going to make feint on Little Rock in hopes of drawing the troops away from this point and weakening the post, which is to be the point of attack. I send this for what it is worth. I shall send a scout down the north side of the river as far as Arkansas Post to-morrow morning. All quiet here at present.

POWELL CLAYTON,

Colonel, Commanding.

