
saddle myself two days in succession for two months. Anderson with twenty-eight men went into Rocheport, I understand, after I had gone in pursuit of the rest of their forces, and stayed there some time. No one in that county will inform me of the rebel movements, but I cannot move without their knowing all about me. I have worked faithfully to overtake Anderson, but have so far been unsuccessful. My men are mounted now awaiting me to go into Boone County after Anderson. I respectfully refer you to Surg. J. D. Smith, who starts to Saint Joe to-day for information. So far as outrages in Rocheport are concerned I have reported the whole matter to General Douglass, commanding Eighth Military Sub-District, to whom I respectfully refer you. I have but few horses in camp, and whenever it has been necessary I have impressed horses from rebels to mount my men, but have invariably returned them. I feel that I am greatly wronged, and I respectfully request that you take proper measures to satisfy yourself in this matter.

R. LEONARD,

Major Ninth Cavalry Missouri State Militia.

FORT KEARNY, August 26, 1864.

Major C. S. CHARLOT,

Assistant Adjutant-General:

I wish McKean would come down to Fort Leavenworth and confer with General Sykes. If possible, he ought to remain till I get through with troubles in this quarter.

S. R. CURTIS.
HEADQUARTERS DISTRICT OF UPPER ARKANSAS,Fort Riley, Kans., August 26, 1864.

Major E. W. WYNKOOP,

Fort Lyon, Colo. Ter.:

I have the honor to acknowledge the receipt of your letter of the 16th instant, and in reply would say that I fully appreciate the difficulties with which you are surrounded in consequence of general Indian hostilities, and the inadequacy of your force for successful operations. It is impossible for me to send you more force at this time, as I have not the troops. I have made repeated applications for troops, and hope I may yet be successful in obtaining them. For the present you should confine your operations to the defense of your post and give much protection to the road and mail coaches as you can afford. You should at once take measures to make your post as strong as possible for defensive purposes, in order that a small garrison may defend it from a large body of hostile Indians. A large and substantial block-house should be erected at once. This, as well as all the depots for public stores, should be inclosed by a stockade or earth-works. This inclosure should be furnished with a good supply of water by wells or otherwise, and should be sufficiently large to contain all the public animals. Without any definite idea of the ground or location of Fort Lyon, I can give you no specific directions in this matter, but must leave details to your judgment and discretion. As you command cannot give protection at present to all the settlers on the frontier in your vicinity it may be advisable for them to abandon their homes and come to the post for

56 R R--VOL XLI, PT II

