
toward the Big Sioux in search of the Indians. The day before he sent in thirteen head of oxen found near the Coteau, which were turned over to the post quartermaster. I have ordered Scout Stevens and a few reliable men to Spirit Lake to ascertain whether the Indians seen near the Big Sioux have not come down in that direction. Lieutenant Darrow with about thirty men is going to Jackson, and if there is no need of his going on to Spirit Lake he will immediately commence operations in front of the line of outposts south of Fort Ridgely, while a detachment of Company L, Second Cavalry, will act similarly north of this post, where the settlers seem to be greatly excited, too. One detachment of ten of Lieutenant Darrow's command are still kept on patrol duty in Blue Earth County, as the minute men seem to organize very slowly.

After a careful investigation of the complaints raised against some of the commands on the frontier, I find that, with the exception of the momentary embarrassments at Watonwan, caused by the bad condition of one barrel of flour, there was no want of provisions at any of the posts, and at the small post of Wilkin there was enough to feed a number of militiamen who were invited by the garrison. Captain Smith states that after the skirmish with the Indians at Lake Bingham he with seven men had 73 rounds of Sharp carbine and 151 rounds of Whitney pistol ammunition left, and Sergeant Merrill, who went with four men from Camp Wilkin and two from Jurgenson's, testifies that he personally had 28 rounds of Sharps carbine ammunition and each of the men with him and about 15 rounds, with 8 rounds left to each man remaining at the post. An old Indian with six children, uncle to John Mooers, has come from the Missouri and stays with Mooers' family above the lower agency. Lieutenant Tilton with a detachment of thirty men has reported, and Lieutenant Daniels is expected to-night.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

WILLIAM PFAENDER,

Lieutenant-Colonel, Commanding.

[AUGUST 27, 1864.--For Halleck to Grant, relating to affairs in Colorado, see Vol. XXXIX, Part II, p. 307, last paragraph.]
SPECIAL ORDERS, WAR DEPT., ADJT. GENERAL'S OFFICE, Numbers 283. Washington, August 27, 1864.

* * * * * *

49. In accordance with section 10 of the act approved July 17, 1862, the President orders the assignment to duty, with the rank and pay of lieutenant-colonel, of the following officers: Major C. T. Christensen, assistant adjutant-general, U. S. Volunteers, to be assistant adjutant-general of the Military Division of West Mississippi, to date May 11, 1864; Captain John M. Wilson, Corps of Engineers, to be assistant inspector-general of the Military Division of West Mississippi, to date May 26, 1864; Captain Charles G. Sawtelle, assistant quartermaster, U. S. Army, to be quartermaster of the Military Division of West Mississippi, to date May 27, 1864.

* * * * * *

By order of the Secretary of War:

E. D. TOWNSEND,Assistant Adjutant-General.

