HDQRS. MILITARY DIVISION OF WEST MISSISSIPPI,New Orleans, La., August 27, 1864.

Brigadier General M. K. LAWLER,

Commanding at Morganza, La.:

GENERAL: I am directed by the major-general commanding to request that you will communicate to Captain Foster, U. S. Navy, that a detective reports that he has information, through secession sources, that an attempt will be made to take the steam-boat Saratoga on her trip to Vicksburg; that the rebels have two batteries--one at Ellis' Cliff and the other at Banshas Landing. The commanding general does not place much reliance on the report, but it is well enough to be on guard.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

B. F. MOREY,

Captain, Acting Assistant Adjutant-General.
HEADQUARTERS DISTRICT OF LITTLE ROCK,Little Rock, Ark., August 27, 1864.

Brigadier General C. BUSSEY,

Commanding First Division:

GENERAL: The brigadier-general commanding directs that you keep reconnoitering parties out in all directions on this side of the river while General West is out after Shelby.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

C. H. DYER,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

LITTLE ROCK, ARK., August 27, 1864.

Brigadier General C. C. ANDREWS,

Devall's Bluff:

GENERAL: Did you receive my dispatch and the order for the troops at Saint Charles yesterday? If the troops come up I want them to go up to Jacksonport on the same boats without debarking, in order to co-operate with the command under General West. Please notify me immediately on their arrival.

F. STEELE,

Major-General.

DEVALL'S BLUFF, August 27, 1864.

(Received 3.30 p. m.)

Captain C. H. DYER:

It is due that I acknowledge the aid rendered yesterday by Lieutenant-Colonel Chapman, Fifty-fourth Illinois, in putting up the telegraph wires. Colonel Geiger has moved out or is moving with the available cavalry. Will inform you as soon as I learn the number he took. The sutler of the First Nebraska escaped from the enemy after being captured. He reports that the prisoners were taken in a southerly direction, and that as fast as any fell out or became unable to go farther they were shot. Some of our wounded were stripped and left almost naked. Colonel Geiger and myself think Shelby has gone toward the

