
The present year the people will be thrown into the vortex of an election, exciting to the highest degree, particularly in the frenzied state of politics of the present day, fraught with ominous forebodings and fear. To take all the necessary precautions to guard against the wrongs likely to occur, much wisdom and moderation will be required. The Central District of Missouri to-day is typical of a state of peace, incident as well to the Northern, Eastern, and Western districts, and of what the whole State may be made by a temperate, judicious, and liberal policy. firm enough to punish crime, redress wrong, restoring the rights and privileges of the people; temperate enough to foster the civil law and win the admiration of the multitude; and liberal enough to disarm the political factions of the desire to enlist the military authorities in the political quarrels of the day.

T. A. SWITZLER,

Lieutenant Colonel 6th Cav., Mo. Vols., and Provost-Marshal Dist. Cen. Mo.

JEFFERSON CITY, July 8, 1864.

Captain J. H. STEGER,

Assistant Adjutant-General, Warrensburg:

Send a scout of 150 men under Major Houts to-night into the border of Jackson and La Fayette Counties. Apprise Major Neill of same; also Colonel Ford.

By order of Brigadier-General Brown:

R. O. RIZER,

Acting Assistant Adjutant-General.

WARRENSBURG, July 8, 1864.

Colonel J. H. FORD,

Kansas City:

Major Houts with 150 men leaves here to-night to scout the border of Jackson and La Fayette Counties.

By order, &amp;c.:

J. H. STEGER,

Assistant Adjutant-General.
HDQRS. DISTRICT OF SOUTHWESTERN MISSOURI,Springfield, Mo., July 8, 1864.

Captain JACKSON BALL,

Commanding Colonel F, Sixth Provisional Enrolled Mo. Mil. Cav.:

SIR: The general commanding directs that you will immediately report why the guerrillas band that robbed Mr. Cornogs, near Ozark, Mo., about the last of June, were not pursued by your command, and why no effort was made to capture or disperse them. The general also directs that you will at once begin scouting the country thoroughly with the larger portion of your command south and west of your station, and continue scouting until all guerrilla bands in your section are exterminated or drive out.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

W. D. HUBBARD,

First Lieutenant and Acting Assistant Adjutant-General.

