
BROWNSVILLE, August 27, 1864--5 p. m.

(Received 5.30 p. m.)

Captain C. H. DYER, Assistant Adjutant-General:

There are no more wounded and dead within sixteen miles of this place on the prairie. The dead were all buried by the men of the Fifty-fourth remaining in the stockade on this side of the prairie. All the available cavalry having gone with Colonel Clark, I must have a locomotive and some cars placed at my disposal to enable me to do anything with my infantry beyond the immediate vicinity of this place. Without the most urgent necessity I would not feel justified in interfering with the running of the trains on the railroad. An ambulance has come in from Colonel Clark's command with two wounded from the fight reported this morning. The fight took place on Bull Creek. After pursuing two miles Colonel Clark fell back to Austin to await re-enforcements, and three received your dispatch of last evening. The officer in charge of the ambulance states he got information that the prisoners taken from us on the 24th were at Augusta. General Andrews telegraphed me the following:

It seems the prisoners were taken in a southwesterly direction. It appears to me Shelby has gone to the Arkansas.

C. C. ANDREWS.

A. ENGELMANN,

Colonel, Commanding.

LITTLE ROCK, August 27, 1864--7.20 p. m.

Colonel ENGELMANN, Commanding, Brownsville:

Steam-boats start from Devall's Bluff at daylight to-morrow morning to co-operate with General West. If any information comes in during the right which would be useful to them, send it so as to reach them before they start.

E. A. CARR,

Brigadier-General, Commanding.

LITTLE ROCK, ARK., August 27, 1864--8.30 p. m.

Colonel ENGELMANN, Commanding, Brownsville:

Train arrived 7 p. m., all right. Two horsemen were at Ashley's Station, but rode away from the train and went toward the timber on the north. Directly north of Ashley's Station, in the edge of the timber, dense clouds of dust were rising for a distance of two miles, evidently caused by troops passing and presumed to be Union troops.

By order of Brigadier-General Carr:

JAMES F. DWIGHT,

Major and Chief of Staff.

DEVALL'S BLUFF, August 27, 1864.

Colonel A. ENGELMANN, Brownsville:

Has your scout returned from the south? If so, what information does it bring? It seems the prisoners were taken in a southwesterly direction from the hay stations. It appears to me Shelby has gone to the Arkansas River.

C. C. ANDREWS,

Brigadier-General.

