
The troops have been so scattered that the muster has been a serious job. I recommend that the designation of these regiments be changed by an order from you to that of the Fourteenth and Fifteenth Cavalry, and a copy of the order sent to the Adjutant-General of the Army. The quartermasters are afraid of a change unless it is by a public order.

JOHN B. SANBORN,

Brigadier-General, Commanding.

FORT LEAVENWORTH, August 27, 1864.

Brigadier General C. B. FISK,

Saint Joseph, Mo.:

The safest way to Kearny is by Omaha. General Curtis is still at Fort Kearny, and I presume will arrange to protect overland mail before he returns. I think there is no unusual difficulty with Indians between Fort Bridger and Montana, but that road never has been very safe.

S. S. CURTIS,

Major and Aide-de-Camp.
HEADQUARTERS DEPARTMENT OF THE MISSOURI,Saint Louis, August 27, 1864--9 a. m.

Brigadier General C. B. FISK,

Commanding District of North Missouri, Saint Joseph, Mo.:

GENERAL: I have the honor to acknowledge the receipt of your telegram of the 26th instant, requesting copy of the "Goose epistle." Inclosed herewith please find copy verbatim, &amp;c., of the original letter on file at these headquarters. There was some delay in not receiving promptly the first dispatch. I had an intimation from the operator that a dispatch passed over the line, but upon inquiry at the office I was informed none received; consequently, the operator called for a repetition from Saint Joseph, and was received about 8 o'clock last night.

I am, general, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

WM. H. BREWSTER,

Chief Clerk.

[Inclosure.]

DE KALB, MO., August 3, 1864.

General ROSECRANS:

SIR: I am nothing but an humble citizen and taxpayer of this county, and a farmer, and, I believe, have been as loyal to my country as any man could have been. At least my loyalty has not been doubted, and I will say a few words to you in regard to my opinion of the condition our country is in. I say to you knowingly that the country is in a worse fix ten times than it ever was. There have been some bushwhackers or rebels here for some time, and not more than 250 or 300 have ever been in Platte or Buchanan Counties, and could and ought to have been driven out or killed off four weeks ago; but the majority of the soldiers sent in pursuit of them had to stop, steal, and plunder, and then go to headquarters and report, and take care of what they had stolen, and, by stealing and burning and killing, these men have all

