
left the country and gone to Illinois, Kansas, and to the mountains. I will say to you that a great many men went to General Fisk and offered their services to him, and he refused them upon the ground that they were not of the Radical party, and I know some of those men personally, and know them to be good Union men from the commencement of the war, and he has been controlled altogether by what Colonel Penick, Ben. Loan, and a certain clique here would say, and the result is the country is ruined, or nearly so. In a word, I can tell you, any man who does not indorse the Ben. Loan and Penick doctrine is a rebel or a sympathizer, and ought to be either shot or driven from the State, and his property burned, and all who will not vote for them. And although General Fisk has given orders not to take property or disarm men who are peaceable men at home, on their farms at work, the soldiers and thieves from Kansas combined have taken nearly all the horses and house-hold goods, beds, and bedding from some neighborhoods, and all the private arms, and deny it to Fisk, say they found the men in the brush; and he (Fisk) never has had the first case investigated of shooting men or of stealing. I have been in the State service all the time myself, and I know all I say to be so. I will say to you that I saw nine loaded wagons brought into Weston at one time loaded with beds and bed-clothing, taken from the farmers of Platte City, and horses and mules--somewhere about forty--all go over to Kansas the same day. All they have to do is to say it is not so, give some detective a part of the profits, and he reports nothing but some negroes made their way to Kansas, and all men who are opposed to stealing and burning and shooting men down at home, who are just as loyal men as live, are afraid to report on the men at this time, and when they do it does not do any good. They can't prove anything, and for God's sake give us some man in General Fisk's place who will make peace here and not ruin the country. General Rosecrans, I will say to you that I believe that General Fisk is an honest, good-meaning man, but he has made the greatest botch of things here that I ever knew any man to do, and not intentionally, but the cause of a great deal of the troubles here, just by taking the advise of Loan, Penick, and the clique at Saint Joseph that want office next fall. All men who they say are not sound on the "goose" Fisk will not have anything to do with, and for God's sake send some man in his place. If you will place General Guitar here in Fisk's place I will venture to say there will not be a squad of bushwhackers on this side of the river in four weeks, and we will have peace.

W. G. GUTHERS.
HDQRS. CO. B, 35TH Regiment ENROLLED MISSOURI MIL.,Keytesville, Mo., August 27, 1864.

General C. B. FISK,

Commanding District of North Missouri:

SIR: Below I send you copy of note received from hands of citizen (J. Anderson) now member of my company:

JULY 29, 1864.

Captain STANLEY:

SIR: Through this medium I wish to inform you that you must restrain your troops or I shall be compelled to retaliate for every violation of the rules of civilized warfare. I am determined to kill two Union for every Southern sympathizer that you or your party may kill (that is, peaceable citizens), and also will kill a Radical for

