
every house that is burnt. I regret that these things are necessary, but you or the men with you give me no choice. Unless your course of conduct is changed Bee Branch had better look out. I will state that I am only repeating my instructions from the Confederate Government.

Yours, respectfully,

C. D. HOLTZCLAW,

Captain, Confederate States.

KEYTESVILLE, July 29, 1864.

Captain C. D. HOLTZCLAW,

In Brush:

SIR: Yours of the above date is at hand and contents noted. I am a Federal officer. Expect to deal with thieves, robbers, and murderers with rigor. Peaceable citizens will be treated with respect as such. Upon exhibition of commission [by] leaders of bands of Southern men they will be treated as Confederate soldiers.

Respectfully, &amp;c.,

JOSEPH STANLEY,

Captain, Commanding Post.

P. S.--Commission [that] may be exhibited by citizen as dispatch bearer will be safely returned.

Yours, respectfully,

J. STANLEY,

Captain.

General, the above and foregoing is correct copy of the only correspondence between myself and rebels. If I have deviated from line of duty thereby you will please correct for the past and instruct for future.

I am, general, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

JOSEPH STANLEY,

Captain Company B, Thirty-fifth Regiment Enrolled Missouri Militia.

HUNTSVILLE, MO., August 27, 1864.

General FISK:

A report has just reached this place that Bill Anderson, with 200 men, is seven miles southeast of here, near Mrs. McLean's, coming this way. I do not know what reliance to place in this report.

A. F. DENNY,

Lieutenant-Colonel Forty-sixth Enrolled Missouri Militia.

FORT KEARNY, August 27, 1864.

Major General GEORGE SYKES:

I wish the Governor would raise the company as 100-days' men. We have the arrangement for that, and I would use them to guard against Indians. The Colorado First will begin to go out soon; not, however, so fast as you named. We will have to substitute 100-days' men.

S. R. CURTIS,

Major-General.

FORT KEARNY, August 27, 1864.

Major CHARLOT:

Have telegraphed General Sykes on subject of relieving General McKean. My field order of 31st of July has not reached posts yet on this line. Orders better be mailed direct to posts, and also to district headquarters.

S. R. CURTIS,

Major-General.

