
MOUND CITY, August 27, 1864.

Major S. S. CURTIS:

From reliable information which I have just received I believe Quantrill is near Maysville, Kans., organizing a party of Indians for the purpose of making a raid.

C. R. JENNISON,

Colonel Fifteenth Kansas Volunteer Cavalry.
HEADQUARTERS,Fort Riley, Kans., August 27, 1864.

Major S. J. ANTHONY, Fort Larned, Kans.:

I am just in receipt of your letter of the 23rd instant. I fully coincide with you as to the necessity of more troops to protect the line of communication over the Santa Fe road, and for active operations against hostile Indians in the field; but as yet I have been unable to obtain the required force. I have made repeated applications and hope I may yet be successful. With your present force it will be impossible for you to do more than protect your post and the mail route, furnishing to the coaches such escorts as you are able to do. Keep your scouts well out, watching all movements of Indians, and report all matters of importance promptly to these headquarters. The Indians are now in large force on the Platte route north of Fort Kearny. General Curtis is at Kearny, organizing an expedition against them. If the Indians should be routed they will doubtless retreat such across the Arkansas. I apprise you of this that you may keep a vigilant watch of their movements.

JAS. G. BLUNT,

Major-General.
HEADQUARTERS DISTRICT OF UPPER ARKANSAS,Fort Riley, August 27, 1864.

Lieutenant A. R. BANCROFT,

Seventeenth Kansas Volunteer Cavalry:

SIR: If the block house at Council Grove is not completed, you will proceed with it and complete it upon the plan it was commenced at as early a day as possible. When completed it will be advisable, if water is near, to establish your camp on the hill near the block-house.

JAS. G. BLUNT,

Major-General.
HEADQUARTERS DISTRICT OF COLORADO,Denver, August 27, 1864.

W. CRAIG, W. R. TOOMBLY, AND OTHERS,

Citizens of Lupton, Colo. Ter.:

GENTLEMEN: I am in receipt of your petition for assistance in your defense, and must say that I am somewhat astonished, as you may well judge from the following quotation from Captain S. E. Browne's report, dated August 25, 1864. He says:

I am satisfied that there are no Indians for seventy miles down the Platte, and being so satisfied, in order that the expense may be small to the Government, I march at 7 a. m. this morning for Denver City with my command. The citizens along the

