
SAINT LOUIS, July 8, 1864.

General C. B. FISK,

Saint Joseph, Mo.:

Your satisfactory report of affairs, and your subsequent telegram asking for additional force, have been received. Had we the force you have long known we would use it as you request. We have not, but I wish to hear from you as to the work under Order 107. The results will either give us help or show why, how, and by whose fault we cannot have it. Reports from you will, I trust, show that the fault will not be with the Union men. The same, or substantially the same, troops you have already selected ought to be selected under his order. I wish you to forward the rolls of all companies you have organized and armed, giving a full statement of all arms issued, and all services rendered without delay. Answer.

W. S. ROSECRANS,

Major-General.

GLASGOW, MO., July 8, 1864. (Received 9th.)

Major-General ROSECRANS,

Commanding Department of the Missouri:

Your telegram of this date addressed to me at Saint Joseph has reached me at Glasgow, where I have just arrived. I am giving personal attention to many of the country meetings called in response to your General Orders, Numbers 107. The Chariton County meeting held to-day at Keytesville was large, enthusiastic, and harmonious. The ten companies are already filled up and most of them on duty. I go to Fayette to attend the Howard County (107) meeting to-morrow, and shall probably go to Columbia and Fulton. No time shall be lost in pushing up these organizations, and I find my personal presence at the meetings results in good. Telegram from my headquarters at Saint Joseph indicates increased troubles in Platte and Clay, and my assistant adjutant-general has requested General Curtis to aid us temporarily at Weston and Parkville. Governor Hall, who is now at Saint Joseph, has ordered out additional militia for Clay and Platte. The same companies heretofore selected by myself in different counties will be chosen by the county meetings generally. The indications are that we shall need all the effective militia that can be raised in the river counties. I will visit Saint Louis before returning to Saint Joseph and make full report of my action and of the militia on duty.

CLINTON B. FISK,

Brigadier-General.

KANSAS CITY, July [8], 1864.

General FISK,

Glasgow, Mo.:

Citizens from other side report that rebels have from 3400 to 500 in camp in and about Platte City; that a large number of the citizens not in open arms are acting as spies and scouts, giving them all information of our movements. They can help them fully as much, if not more, than if they were in arms. I have a boat here, the Fanny Ogden, subject to my command and ready to move at moment's notice with 300 to 400 men.

FORD.

