
mules, and horses belonging to the citizens of Tierra Amarilla, and killed two oxen and carried off the meat, and on the following day a cow was found wounded with arrows. As far as I have been advised the Indians have not been pursued. About the same time another party of Navajoes went to place called "Rito Colorado" and killed three or four oxen and wounded two others, and it is believed that these Indians are still within the settlements, as there is no trail of the missing animals to be found leading outward.

Some two weeks since a party citizen from the Congas and Rito Colorado passed by this place on their return from the Navajo country, and stated that they had been two days' travel beyond the Moqui Pueblos (villages), accompanied by twenty-five Indians from those pueblos. They also state that they had taken considerable amount of stock from the Navajoes,sheep and horses, and several captives, but few hours afterward they regretted having done, so the fact that they found themselves surrounded by a party of over 200 Navajoes, all mounted,but at last they succeeded in killing eighteen of the Indians (I saw some of the scalps which the party brought it),and made good their retreat with a portion of the stock, besides over $200 worth of silver plate for belts, saddles, buckskins, &amp;c. This is about the only news on the frontier up to this date. Next week, if Good pleases, I will see you at your city. I am now awaiting the arrival of Mr. Henry Moncure and the interpreter,in order that we may all go together.

With high respect, I am, your obedient servant,

JOSE ANTO MANSANAREZ,

Indian Agent.

P. S.-I have been informed by various members of one of the expeditions against the Navajoes which were out during the months of February, March, and April, that they believe that a majority of the hostile Navajo warriors are still in their country. This I believe myself to be the case, from the fact the wealth is found in their possession; beside, the animals which they owned being at this time in their own country,which, I believe, are protected by such majority of their warriors,and is also the opinion of those already referred to who have visited the Navajo country during the time previously stated.

JOSE A. MANSANAREZ,

Indian Agent.

[Inclosure No. 2.]

SANTA FE, N. MEX., June 25, 1864.

Honorable WILLIAM P. DOLE,

Commissioner Indian Affairs, Washington, D. C.:

SIR: I have the honor called the attention of the honorable Commissioner to the expenditure at the Navajo Reservation, but could only form an estimate from what I supposed was being expended. I am now, however, enabled to furnish some reliable data upon this subject. During the last week a board of officers has been convened at Santa Fe by order of the War Department to inquire into the expenditures and report upon the amount of supplies purchased for captive Indians in New Mexico since the 1st day of March, 1864. The evidence before this board, after examining the officers authorized to make purchases, shows that during the four months commencing March 1 and ending June, purchases have been made expressly for captive Indians, amounting to about &510,000. Under the order the board confine themselves

