
these headquarters, to take from Mr. Bryants' train fifteen boxes of Sharps carbines and ten boxes of revolvers, with a reasonable amount of ammunition for the same, is hereby approved. Please call a board to count the articles and send triplicate receipts for them in favor of William R. Shoemaker, in charge of ordnance depot at Fort Union, N. Mex. Inclosed herewith please find copies of orders sending two companies of infantry to give you help. I have no inform you that I have ordered fifty cavalry and fifty infantry, with two mountain howitzers to the crossing of the Arkansas; fifty cavalry and fifty infantry to the Lower Cimarron Springs, and fifty cavalry and thirty infantry to the Upper Cimarron Springs. The first of these detachments has already arrived at its destination. The latter two will leave Fort Union within a week. It is important that you scouts should know this. These detachments have been rationed for fifty days. We will help all we can. We have the Apache war in Arizona on our hands, and nearly 8,000 Navajo prisoners to guard, but we do not forget that your gallant troops from Colorado came to our relief when we were sorely pressed. But for the fact that over half of the available force in this department is about to be mustered out of service we would do even more.

I am, major, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

JAMES H. CARLETON,

Brigadier-General, Commanding.
HEADQUARTERS APACHE EXPEDITION, Fort Craig, N. Mex., August 27, 1864.

Captain BENJAMIN C. CUTLER,Assistant Adjutant-General, Santa Fe:

SIR: I have the honor to report for the information of the department commander that I arrived at this post from Fort Goodwin on the 26th instant, and that I will make my report, as directed in instructions from department headquarters dated July 20, 1864, as soon as the regimental records are in,and that I have assumed command of the district and post of Fort Craig this day.

EDWIN A. RIGG,

Colonel First California Infantry, Commanding.

GENERAL ORDERS, HDQRS. DISTRICT OF FORT CRAIG, No. 4. Fort Craig, N. Mex., August 27, 1864.

I. The undersigned having returned from detached service hereby assumes command of this district and post.

II. First Lieutenant J. B. Whittemore, First Infantry California Volunteers, is hereby appointed acting assistant adjutant-general of the district and post adjutant,and will assume the duties.

EDWIN A. RIGG,

Colonel First Infantry California Volunteers, Commanding.

SPECIAL ORDERS, HDQRS. MIL. DIV. OF WEST MISSISSIPPI, No. 111. New Orleans, La., August 28, 1864.

*		*		*		*		*		*

5. The following-named artillery is assigned to the Nineteenth Army Corps. The commanding officers will report for assignment to Major General J. J. Reynolds, commanding corps: Second Massachusetts Battery, Fourth Massachusetts Battery, Seventh Massachusetts Battery, Fifteenth Massachusetts Battery, Twenty-first New York Battery,

