
LITTLE ROCK, ARK., August 28, 1864.

Brigadier General C. C. ANDREWS,

Commanding Devall's Bluff:

GENERAL: Your suggestions correspond with my notions exactly. Please take measures accordingly. We will get the troops up from Saint Charles as soon as practicable. I will dispatch you again this evening.

F. STEELE,

Major-General.
HDQRS. SECOND DIVISION, SEVENTH ARMY CORPS, Devall's Bluff, August 28, 1864-7.30 p.m.

Major General F. STEELE,Little Rock:

Colonel Graves will embark quietly at 11 o'clock, and the boats will move at daylight. I can send the train to Brownsville at an hours' notice,if you will have the regiment that is to come designated. It ought to arrive here early in the morning.

Very respectfully,

C. C. ANDREWS,

Brigadier-General, Commanding.
HEADQUARTERS DISTRICT OF WEST TENNESSEE, Memphis, Tenn., August 28, 1864-9 p.m.

Brigadier General C. C. ANDREWS,Commanding, Devall's Bluff, Ark.:

GENERAL: Your letter of the 25th instant is received.* As my effective troops are all out I cannot at this moment help you, but they will be in here in three days and if you are in a tight place I will then send you a force of 7,000 or 8,000 men to help you out. The troops returning here I am ordered to send to General Sherman, but if you and General Steele are in danger I will diver them long enough to see you out of trouble. I shall also, as soon as I can recall my cavalry, send a force of 3,000 across here to march to Clarendon an then cross White River and co-operate in running out Shelby. Please advise me at once of the situation and by the time I can obtain your answer I hope to be able to act. My troops are on the way back from a thirty days' campaign, and will be considerably worn down, but I will lose no time if I find you in real trouble.

I am, general, your obedient servant,

C. C. WASHBURN,

Major-General.

Forrest is still out back of us,and it is of the first importance that I should hold him here and prevent him from getting upon Sherman's communication, which I cannot do if I send my cavalry to assist you, and you must not call unless the case is urgent, in which case I shall respond.

C. C. W.

---------------

*See part I, p.281.

---------------

