HEADQUARTERS DISTRICT OF LITTLE ROCK, Little Rock, Ark., August 28, 1864.

General ANDREWS:

General West was at Bull Bayou this morning; would go to Searcy to-day. I have ordered him forward. Geiger was wired him. Have troops and boats ready to go up the river as you suggested to General Steele. There is not great hurry, as General West cannot reach Jacksonport before the 31st. How long will it take the boats to run up? Have ammunition put on boat for General West. If it is not at the Bluff I will send it. Send surgeons and medical supplies. Have your cavalry camps thoroughly inspected and bring out the shirks. There must be over 1,000 men and horses at your post, and most of them able to do something. Try the officers who allow skulking. Have the unserviceable horses turned in if you know what to do with them. It seems to me that the diseased horses at the Remount Camp might be all driven far out on the prairie to stay and place made for those turned in.

By order of Brigadier General E. A. Carr:

S. E. GRAVES,Captain and Acting Aide-de-Camp.

HDQRS. SECOND DIVISION, SEVENTH ARMY CORPS, Devall's Bluff, August 28, 1864-6 p.m.

Captain C. H. DYER,

Assistant Adjutant-General, Little Rock:

A man who has acted as guide and scout just informed me that one of his friends, fifteen miles back in the country, sent word to him to-day to look out as the rebs were going to take this place. He reports that Shelby's forces are on the Bayou Metoe, between Brownsville and Austin, and that he is awaiting for Price to move. Captain Cottet, late of Fifty-seventh (colored), just in,informed me that 200 or 300 rebels were seen north of Ashley's Station as the train came along yesterday.

Very respectfully,

C. C. ANDREWS,

Brigadier-General, Commanding.

(Copy to General Steele.)
HDQRS. SECOND DIVISION, SEVENTH ARMY CORPS, Devall's Bluff, August 28, 1864-7.45 p.m.

Captain C. H. DYER,Little Rock:

Major Willcox sent a lieutenant and a small scout to Des Arc last evening, and reports as follows: The lieutenant returned this evening and reports no enemy in that direction. He saw but three rebs, who left in hot haste on seeing our men. Shelby went (the major adds) by way of Hickory Plains.

Very respectfully,

C. C. ANDREWS,

Brigadier-General, Commanding.

