HDQRS. SECOND DIVISION, SEVENTH ARMY CORPS, Devall's Bluff, Ark., August 28, 1864-8.15 p.m.

Captain GRACE,Commanding Gun-Boat No. 30:

CAPTAIN: Colonel Graves,commanding First Brigade, will embark with all his effective force on steamer Kate Hart at 11 o'clock this evening, and proceed up White River at daylight, or sooner if the steamer can move with safety, to co-operate with General West in the pursuit of Shelby. I have the honor to request that you will proceed with said steamer for protection and co-operation.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

C. C. ANDREWS,

Brigadier-General, Commanding.
HEADQUARTERS DISTRICT OF LITTLE ROCK, Little Rock, Ark., August 28, 1864.

Colonel ENGELMANN,Commanding, Brownsville:

COLONEL: Forward the supply train according to telegram of this morning as rapidly as possible and report progress. Please send dispatches to General West and Colonel Garrett by the train. If train has gone, send courier to overtake it.

JAMES F. DWIGHT,

Major and Chief of Staff.

BROWNSVILLE, August 28, 1864.

Captain C. H. DYER,

Assistant Adjutant-General:

Your dispatches of 2 p.m. for General West and Colonel Garrett have gone forward. At 4.30 p.m. the train started for Austin with 12,000 rations, as requested by General West in his late dispatch. The two boxes of ammunition mentioned in your dispatch of this morning as having been put on board the cars for General West have not arrived. The cavalry and escort which brought the empty train from Austin are reported by the officer in charge to be call sick and under orders from their regimental commander to proceed to Little Rock. I have sent seventy-five infantry as escort with the train. Colonel Garrett informs me that Colonel Geiger arrived at Austin this morning at daylight.

A. ENGELMANN,

Colonel Forty-third Illinois.

LITTLE ROCK, August 28, 1864-9.20 p.m.

Colonel ENGELMANN, Commanding, Brownsville:

Send forward dispatches to General West and Colonel Garrett. Inspect the cavalry escort which came from Austin with train, and send an officer and twelve upon from the best mounted with the dispatches, if they are able to catch the train. At all events, send the dispatches. If you can make us of the rest of the escort keep it at Brownsville. Send the Fifty-seventh Colored Troops to Devall's Bluff by to-morrow's train. Keep you men at work feeling timber and strengthening fortifications. How many wagons went in the train,and what time did it

