
get off? Give all information in regard to anything that may transpire promptly and fully by telegraph. You should have reported the want of ammunition sent for General West at once; it might have been rectified.

By order of Brigadier General E. A. Carr:

S. E. GRAVES,

Captain and Acting Aide-de-Camp.

BROWNSVILLE, August 28, 1864.

Captain C. H. DYER,

Assistant Adjutant-General:

Dispatches from Captain Graves are just received. As seen in mine of 5 p.m. this day the train started for Austin at 4.30 p.m. Your dispatches for General West and Colonel Garrett will go off as soon as cavalry and escort can be got ready. All orders will be promptly attended to. There are eleven wagons in the provisions train.

A. ENGELMANN,

Colonel, Commanding Brigade.

BULL BAYOU, August 28, 1864-5 a.m.

General CARR, Little Rock:

Your dispatch of yesterday received. From all I can learn Shelby camped last night at Fairview. He is too far ahead to be caught this side of Jacksonport. I shall go to Searcy to-day and remain there until I can hear from you that the boats are being sent to Jacksonport. I can go from Searcy to Jacksonport in two days and a half. The boats, in my opinion, are the only method of reaching Shelby. With the movement on Jacksonport in view, it will be well that you send 12,000 rations by to-morrow's train, starting it very early from Brownsville, as it will have to come to this point the same day. Please duplicate my Augusta order for carbine ammunition and send it by the boats, but not otherwise. Send surgeons, one or two, with supplies. Please answer as soon as possible,so that I can know what to do. Nothing yet from Geiger.

J. R. WEST,

Brigadier-General.
HEADQUARTERS DISTRICT OF LITTLE ROCK, Little Rock, Ark., August 28, 1864.

Brigadier-General WEST:

The force from down the river not come up. Will send Colonel Graves and 600 men on Kate Hart with a gun-boat up the river. Push on as rapidly as possible. Train with 12,000 rations left Brownsville for you this p.m. with infantry guard. The general does not wish the infantry to remain at Austin, as he has heretofore dispatched you.

JAMES F. DWIGHT,Major and Chief of Staff.

HEADQUARTERS DISTRICT OF LITTLE ROCK, Little Rock, Ark., August 28, 1864.

Brigadier-General WEST:

Rations and ammunition as requested by you were sent to you via Brownsville this morning. Colonel Garrett has been ordered to return

