
about thirty miles below here, and that he skirmished with them for several miles, but owing to the nature of the country considered it unsafe to go farther.

POWELL CLAYTON,

Colonel, Commanding.

ROLLA, MO., August 28, 1864.

Brigadier-General Ewing:

I have no information of the presence of Shelby or Freeman in Missouri.

JNO. McNEIL,

Brigadier-General, Commanding.

GENERAL ORDERS, HEADQUARTERS DISTRICT OF ROLLA, No. 32. Rolla, Mo., August 28, 1864.

In compliance with Special Orders, No. 233, current series, Department of the Missouri, I hereby relinquish the command of this district to Brigadier General John McNeil, U. S. Volunteers. In surrendering the command of the district I desire to return to the officers and men of the command my thanks for their prompt and efficient discharge of duty and their general good conduct and soldierly bearing. To the loyal and law-abiding citizens of the district I tender my grateful acknowledgments for their cordial and hearty support and co-operation in the discharge of the responsible trusts confident to my hands. In quitting the district it is a source of the highest pleasure to know that it enjoys a condition of peace and repose unknown since the inception of the rebellion. I trust it may continue under the administration of my successor, and that the day is not far distant when the Constitution, rebaptized in the best blood of the nation, shall resume its peaceful sway over the whole land.

O. GUITAR,

Brigadier-General.

GENERAL ORDERS, HEADQUARTERS DISTRICT OF ROLLA, No. 33. Rolla, MO., August 28, 1864.

I. In compliance with Special Orders, No. 233, current series, from headquarters Department of the Missouri, the undersigned hereby assumes command of the District of Rolla.

II. The following staff officers are announced: Captain C. G. Laurant, assistant adjutant-general; Captain E. B. Grimes, assistant quartermaster, U. S. Volunteers, quartermaster; Major C. E. Clarke, Missouri State Militia, commissary of subsistence; Captain H. N. Cook, Ninth Missouri State Militia Cavalry, district inspector and acting chief of cavalry; Captain T. B. Reed, Ninth Missouri State Militia Cavalry, district provost-marshal; First Lieutenant F. M. Avey, Fifth Missouri State Militia Cavalry, acting ordnance officer; Second Lieutenant R. A. Collier, Twenty-third Missouri Volunteers, assistant commissary of musters; First Lieutenant E. M. Chamberlin, Twelfth Massachusetts Battery, aide-de-camp; First Lieutenant E. G. Manning, Eighty-first U. S. Colored Infantry, aide-de-camp.

III. All orders heretofore issued from these headquarters will remain in force until altered or revoked.

JOHN McNEIL,

Brigadier-General, Commanding.

