
KANSAS CITY, MO., August 28, 1864.

Captain J. H. STEGER,

Assistant Adjutant-General, Warrensburg, Mo.:

The following information has just been received:

Guerrillas concentrating on Grand River about three miles north of Morristown evidently for a raid. They will be at least 1,000 strong. To-morrow fifty men start from Aubrey and a small escort from Coldwater Grove. They,the guerrillas, will probably enter Kansas in two columns; also that by the middle of September they will go south. This is said to be undoubted.

I have sent seventy-five men with paymaster's escort. The teams for rations and forage are up from Pleasant Hill with large escort, and I have a large force northeast from Independence protecting hay-cutters, also have two foot scouts out from Independence toward la Fayette. Will send scouting party as large as I can from Pleasant Hill to learn the truth of the matter.

JAS. H. FORD,

Colonel, Commanding.

HOLDEN, MO., August 28, 1864.

Captain J. H. STEGER, Assistant Adjutant-General:

Captain with 140 recruits for Confederate Army passed between Harrisonville, and Pleasant Hill, and was fourteen miles south of Holden on the 26th instant, only poorly armed.

W. P. BAKER,

Captain, Commanding.

WARRENSBURG, August 28, 1864.

Captain M. U. FOSTER, Holden:

Your dispatch of this date is entirely unsatisfactory. The general commanding desires to know why you did not pursue Palmer's band.

J. H. STEGER,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

HOLDEN, MO., August 28, 1864.

Captain J. H. STEGER, Assistant Adjutant-General:

Captain Foster has not returned from scout. He did not say in his note to me way he did not pursue Palmer and his gang.

W. P. BAKER,

Captain, Commanding.

SAINT LOUIS, MO., August 28, 1864.

General SANBORN:

The general commanding directs that no assurance,direct or indirect, be given that any particular company will be put on duty and retained at any particular place. You have authority to order an issue of forage as requested in your telegram of 26th for Captain Gaddy's company Arkansas militia. Organize under General Orders, No. 129, 1862.

FRANK ENO,

Major and Aide-de-Camp.

58 R R-VOL XLI, PT II

