
tardy in forward, many turning back before reaching this point. Some fifty murders have been committed by Indians on this line, and considerable private stock stolen, but Government has lost but little.

S. R. CURTIS,

Major-General.
SPECIAL ORDERS, HDQRS. DEPARTMENT OF NEW MEXICO, No. 34. Santa Fe, N. Mex., August 28, 1864.

I. Captain Reuben A. Hill, with all the effective men of his company (K) First Infantry New Mexico Volunteers, will march with all practicable dispatch to Fort Lyon, District of Colorado, and there report for duty for sixty days from date of arrival at that post. This movement is considered necessary to render all possible help against the Indians of the plain who are now openly hostile to passing trains, as well as to the U. S.mails. The company will be provided at Fort Union Depot with 150 rounds of ammunition per man, and with subsistence to Fort Lyon, Colo. Ter. The chief quartermaster will furnish the necessary transportation.

II. All of the effective men of Captain Louis Felsenthal's company (C) of the First Infantry New Mexico Volunteers, will proceed with all practicable dispatch to Gray's ranch, on the Purgatoire River, or to some other more eligible point near that place, and will furnish escorts to the U. S.mail from Gray's ranch to Fort Lyon and back and from Gray's ranch to Mr. Maxwell's, on the Little Cimarron,and back. The company will be on this duty sixty days, and will be provided with subsistence for that period and with 150 rounds of ammunition per man.

The chief quartermaster will furnish the necessary transportation and make provisions for suitable transportation for the escort and for forage. The chief commissary will give orders for such fresh meat as may be needed by the troops who are thus detached.

*		*		*		*		*		*

By command of Brigadier-General Carleton:

BEN. C. CUTLER,Assistant Adjutant-General.

NEW ORLEANS, LA., August 29, 1864-8.30 p.m.

(Received September 8.)

Major-General HALLECK,

Chief of Staff:

Your dispatch of the 16th was not received until to-day. All the reserve troops are in readiness to move either against Smith or Mobile. The first I consider the most important, and I think his crossing can be prevented. If he crosses I shall be able to send 25,000 men against Mobile. Can any new troops from the Western States be sent to Washington or Steele? The latter loses several regiments by termination of service.

E. R. S. CANBY,

Major-General.

