
DEPARTMENT OF STATE, Washington, August 29, 1864.

Hon. E. M. STANTON,

Secretary of War:

SIR: I have the honor to inclose a translation of a memorandum left here by Mr. Geofroy, the charge d'affaires of France, setting forth that a large number of citizens of the loyal States who were previously at Brownsville, in Texas, have entered into the service of Cortina, at Matamoras, who has also received a supply of arms and munitions of war from this country. It is desirable that inquiry should be made into the truth of these allegations and that the result should be made known to this Department.

I am, sir, your obedient servant,

F. W. SEWARD,

Acting Secretary.

[Inclosure-Translation.]

Recent advices brought from Mexico to the Government of the Emperor have apprised him that very grave events, the responsibility for which would fall upon the Government of the United States if it neglected to take them into serious consideration, would be again brought about at Matamoras. A great number of Federals, after having evacuated Bownsville, have, as it seems, passed the Rio Bravo, and put themselves at the disposal of Mr. Cortina. This chief would also have received a considerable supply of arms and munitions dispatches from American territory. If these advises are true, as it seems there is no ground to doubt,there must have been there a violation of neutrality, which of itself alone would give sufficient ground for reclamation on the part of the Government of the Emperor. But the life of French subjects has ceased to be respected by the party dominant at Matamoras. Two of them, as it seems, had been shot by order of Mr. Cortina. It will therefore be the duty of the Government of the Emperor to protest the more energetically against the support given in these circumstances to its adversaries.

GENERAL ORDERS, HDQRS. MIL. DIV. OF WEST MISSISSIPPI, No. 42. New Orleans, La., August 29, 1864.

The following general orders is republished for the information and government of officers of this command:

GENERAL ORDERS, WAR DEPARTMENT, ADJUTANT-GENERAL'S OFFICE, No. 242. Washington, August 8, 1864.

RELATING TO AMNESTY TO THE INSURGENT ENEMIES.

I. The attention of commanding officers of departments, districts, military posts, and detachments is called to the following paragraph in the proclamation of the President, dated the 26th of March, 1864, defining the cases in which insurgent enemies are entitled to the benefits of the amnesty proclamation of the 8th of December, 1863:

"It (the amnesty) does apply only to these persons who, being yet at large and free from any arrest, confinement, or duress, shall voluntarily come forward and take that said oath,with the purpose of restoring peace and establishing the national authority."

From various departments and district information has been received by this Department that insurgent enemies in the States of Kentucky, Tennessee, and Missouri

