
have endeavored fraudulently and treacherously to obtain the benefits of the President's amnesty, by taking the prescribed oath without any "purpose of restoring peace and establishing the national authority," but with the purpose of preserving their property from the penalty of their crimes, or of screening themselves from punishment for the commission of arson, robbery, treason,and murder. All commanders of departments, districts, posts,and detachments,and all officers in the military service are directed to use the utmost diligence in detecting and bringing to punishment all insurgent enemies who have been or may be guilty of fraudulently and treacherously taking the oath prescribed by the President's proclamation for any other purpose than that of "restoring peace and establishing the national authority," and they will treat such oath, when fraudulently and treacherously taken, as not entitling the guilty parties to any clemency,but as being in itself a substantive offense against the Government and as affording no protection to the individuals by whom it has been or may be taken, either persons or property, and as depriving them of all claim to immunity, protection, and clemency.

II. Commanders of departments and districts are also authorized to prescribe such rules and regulations in respect to the administration of said oath in future as may be needed to prevent the improper administration of said oath to persons taking it for any other than the "purpose of restoring peace and establishing the national authority." To all persons who have, or shall, voluntarily come forward and take the oath "with the purpose of restoring peace and establishing the national authority" full protection and all the benefits of the amnesty proclamation will be extended.

III. Commanders and all military officers will exercise strict vigilance within their respective commands, in order to detect and bring to punishment any officers, civil, military, or naval, who knowingly and willfully have administered, or shall administer, the said oath to any person or person except the insurgent enemies who are, by the proclamation of the 26th of March,entitled to the benefits of said amnesty proclamation by reason of their taking the oath for "the purpose of restoring peace and establishing the national authority."

By order of the Secretary of War:

E. D. TOWNSEND,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

By order of Major General E. R. S. Canby:

C. T. CHRISTENSEN,

Major and Assistant Adjutant-General.
SPECIAL ORDERS, HDQRS. DEPARTMENT OF THE GULF, No. 232. New Orleans, August 29, 1864.

*		*		*		*		*		*

11. The First Louisiana Volunteers will proceed without delay to Morganza, La., and be reported upon its arrival to the commanding officer of U. S.forces at Morganza, La. The quartermaster's department will furnish the necessary transportation.

*		*		*		*		*		*

By command of Major-General Banks:

W. D. PUTNAM,Acting Assistant Adjutant-General.

DISTRICT LA FOURCHE, Thibodeaux, La., August 29, 1864.

Major GEORGE B. DRAKE,

Assistant Adjutant-General, Department of the Gulf:

MAJOR: Some days ago I telegraphed you that there were some parties have who were accused of participating in the murder of seven

