
from here I could have sent it on the morning train. I am now waiting an answer to a dispatch asking you how much ammunition can be got together to send to General West, so as to know whether an extra train must be sent.

E. A. CARR,

Brigadier-General, Commanding.

LITTLE ROCK, ARK., August 29, 1864.

Brigadier General C. C. ANDREWS,

Devall's Bluff:

General Carr will send ammunition by special train this afternoon. General West wants his Augusta requisitions duplicated; have it put on Kate Hart; also 15,000 rations, half meat and double salt, for General West's command. General West will not leave Searcy before to-morrow morning. Says it will take him two days and a half to reach Jacksonport. The general thinks he can reach there by the evening of the 31st. If your boats start at daylight to-morrow morning they will reach there at the same time. Let them take some pioneer tools.

By order of Brigadier General E. A. Carr:

S. E. GRAVES,

Captain and Acting Aide-de-Camp.

LITTLE ROCK, ARK., August 29, 1864.

Brigadier General C. C. ANDREWS,

Devall's Bluff, Ark.:

General Steele directs that the boat with 600 infantry and the gun-bat move up the river at daylight to-morrow morning to co-operate with General West, who is expected to leave Searcy to-night or to-morrow morning in pursuit of Shelby. Send a few barrels of whisky.

E. A. CARR,

Brigadier-General, Commanding.
HDQRS. SECOND DIVISION, SEVENTH ARMY CORPS, Devall's Bluff, August 29, 1864-7 p.m.

Captain C. H. DYER,Assistant Adjutant-General, Little Rock:

You have not yet specified what troops are to go up to Jacksonport, but I infer it is only intended to send the force of 600 men of Graves' command, which I reported I could send last night. I suppose the Fifty-seventh Colored are here to take their place. It is important that this matter should be understood so I can have the troops embark on the Kate Hart by 11 o'clock to-night. The Sally List has arrived; she lost 250 bales of hay; she has several hundred bales aborad.

C. C. ANDREWS,

Brigadier-General.

