
making a raid into Missouri. This,however, may be a ruse, while their real intention may be to operate on our communications. I believe they intend crossing their cavalry above Little Rock. An escaped prisoner from Monticello says Marmaduke's command passed that place while he was there, on their way to Mount Elba,and that they hat a pontoon train with them.

POWELL CLAYTON,

Colonel, Commanding.
HEADQUARTERS DEPARTMENT OF ARKANSAS, Little Rock, Ark., August 29, 1864.

Brigadier General J. M. THAYER,Commanding District of the Frontier, Fort Smith, Ark.:

GENERAL: You are hereby authorized to send to the State of Kansas all companies of troops from that State whose term of service is about to expire and whose records do not furnish the necessary data for the preparations of their muster out rolls in the field, of which fact you will satisfy yourself from the report of the assistant commissary of musters for your district. Care will be taken that no men are sent who are not clearly entitled to muster out under the instructions and orders of the War Department.

By order of Major General F. Steele:

WM. D. GREEN,

Lieutenant-Colonel and Assistant Adjutant-General.

LEAVENWORTH, KANS., August 29, 1864.

Major-General ROSECRANS:

Our citizens are much alarmed about a raid from Missouri. Have you any information of gathering guerrillas on the western border of Missouri? Information from you on this subject will greatly assist me in preparing to meet the raiders.

THOS. CARNEY.

SAINT LOUIS, MO., August 29, 1864.

Governor CARNEY,

Leavenworth, Kans.:

Have no information of any unusual gathering of guerrillas on western border of Missouri. It is not improbable that Shelby and Anderson may attempt raid north, but more probable that they will come in this State than Kansas.

W. S. ROSECRANS,

Major-General.

CAPE GIRARDEAU, MO., August 29, 1864.

General EWING:

I sent a scouting party from Bloomfield to Poplar Bluff. They have just returned and report that they met with no guerrillas and could not learn of any rebel force near there.

H. M. HILLER,

Lieutenant-Colonel, Commanding.

