HDQRS. EIGHTH MIL. DIST., ENROLLED MISSOURI MIL., Mexico, August 29, 1864.

Brigadier General C. B. FISK,Commanding North Missouri, Saint Joe:

We have been actively engaged the last week with the rebels, have routed them on every occasion, and,from the best information I have been able to get, all the reports not yet in, have killed about 20. Major Leonard had three skirmishes with Bill Anderson on last Saturday, south and west of Columbia, routing him each time; is yet on his track. We need horses for the Ninth Cavalry, Seventeenth Illinois, and Third Missouri State Militia. I have ordered them to press horses on some occasions. If we had all these men well mounted with a few companies of the new regiments armed to hold posts and to lay in ambush, we can completely break up all the rebel organizations in this section. Now is the time to strike them. We should not lose an our after the new regiments are arrived, but should take them by companies as fast as they are armed and put them on duty. If I had one or two companies here I could throw the whole of Colonel Caldwell's force in the field and keep them out. I will occasionally have to press horses,and I ask that you will sustain me in so doing. I direct that these horses shall be regularly taken by a commissioned officer and a receipt given, and as soon as the emergency for taking them passes that they be returned and our receipts taken up. Hoping that my action will meet with your approval,

I have the honor to be, your obedient servant,

J. B. DOUGLASS,

Brigadier-General.

P. S.- The rebels that crossed the Missouri River below Providence are said to be a part of Shelby's force. I think the number not large, and hope we will be able to manage them. The rebels have been recruiting rapidly the last few weeks. A great many boys are in the brush; they are not good fighting material, but make successful thieves, and are a great annoyance to honest men.

J. B. D.

PAOLA, August 29, 1864.

Major C. S. CHARLOT,

Assistant Adjutant-General, Fort Leavenworth:

I have the honor to report the following from Colonel Blair, being the latest information:

FORT SCOTT, August 29, 1864.

Captain G. S. HAMPTON, Assistant Adjutant-General:

A small scouting party of mine caught a man named Jackson on Clerk Creek who had been, as he said, conscripted into the bushwhacking service about four weeks ago. He had them on his party of nineteen men, 2 of whom were killed and 2 more each shot in the back. One of the wounded men was Bob Marchbanks, but they got off. My men found the bushwacker just as the prisoner told them, and they have sent him up to me. He says that they are at Eaton, on the Osage, and frequently at Montevallo, too; that Bill Anderson one of Quantrill's men, is in Carroll County with 400 men, and reporting Major Pickler, who is on Cowskin Prairie, with about 500 more. He says that they talk a good deal of Shelby soon coming up. I have gone some information from the prisoner about the habits and haunts of these fellows that I hope to make useful.

C. W. BLAIR,

Colonel.

Please do not allow to be published.

THO. J. McKEAN,

Brigadier-General, U. S. Volunteers.

