
FORT LEAVENWORTH, August 29, 1864.

Brigadier-General McKEAN:

Information from General Pleasonton reports rebels concentrating near Morristown, Cass County, Mo., for a raid in Kansas; said to be 1,000 strong. Communicate at once with your sub-district commanders and arrange to concentrate your forces and act against the raiders if they show themselves.

GEO. SYKES,

Major-General, Temporarily Commanding.

PAOLA, August 29, 1864.

Colonel C. W. BLAIR,

Fort Scott:

A telegram from department headquarters says:

Information from General Pleasonton reports rebels concentrating near Morristown, Cass County, said to be 1,000 strong.

THO. J. McKEAN,

Brigadier-General, U. S. Volunteers, Commanding District.

PAOLA, KANS., August 29, 1864.

Lieutenant-Colonel PLUMB,

Olathe:

The enemy reported by General Pleasonton, 1,000 strong, concentrating around Morristown for a raid into Kansas. Send about of twenty men under an officer from Aubrey,with the same badge on the hats. A like party will start from Coldwater Grove at 3 a.m. to-morrow. Search the timber thoroughly. By instructions from department headquarters order the following enlisted men to report to-morrow to Lieutenant Lewis at Fort Leavenworth, as witnesses on court-martial: Sergts. Samuel B. Ruble, and E. N. Doughty; Privates John McNair, Joseph B. McCall, Joseph Grey, John Bouger, and Sergt. William P. Fuller, all of Company D, Eleventh Kansas Cavalry. Report result of scout as soon as heard from.

T. MOONLIGHT,

Colonel, Commanding.
HDQRS. SUB-DIST. NO.3, DISTRICT OF SOUTH KANSAS, Paola, August 29, 1864.

Captain HENRY PEARCE,Company H, Eleventh Kansas Cav., Coldwater Grove, Kans.:

You will sent out to-morrow at 3 a.m. a scout of twenty, under command of an officer, in the direction of Morristown. Have them scout thoroughly the country north, south east,and west of that place, also the timber through which they may pass on the route. The same badge will be worn on the hat as before. A like party, under command of an officer, will start at the same time from Aubrey. Report result of scout as soon as heard from.

By command of Colonel Moonlight.

IRA I. TABER,

First Lieutenant and Acting Assistant Adjutant-General.

