
FORT LEAVENWORTH, August 29, 1864.

Lieutenant M. C. CLARY,

Commanding:

General Pleasonton reports 1,000 rebels in Cass County, Mo., about to raid into Kansas. Let every man in Wyandotte and country around pick their flints and be ready.

THOS. A. DAVIES,

Brigadier-General, Commanding.

FORT LEAVENWORTH, August 29, 1864.

MAYOR OF LAWRENCE:

Rebels to the number of 1,000 (exaggerated) are collecting in Cass County, Mo. Look out.

THOS. A. DAVIES,

Brigadier-General, Commanding.
HEADQUARTERS FORT LARNED, KANS., August 29, 1864.

First Lieutenant J. E. TAPPAN,Acting Assistant Adjutant-General, Fort Riley, Kans.:

SIR: I have the honor to inform you that since the attack of the Indians on the Government trains en route for Fort Union on the 21st instant, no depredations have been committed in this immediate vicinity. The train of Rapine's (which lost all their stock) has been brought to this post by post teams and now waits for transportation to proceed to Fort Union. The citizen train, which captured on the 19th on the Cimmaron, was entirely destroyed (burned) by the Indians and all the white men with it were killed and their bodies most horribly mutilated, heads cut off, hearts cut out, and evidently placed in the center of their "dance circle" while they held their fiendish war dance around them, and kicked the mutilated bodies about the prairies. The Mexicans with this train were permitted to take one wagon, with subsistence to last them back to Mexico, and sent back. Much trouble is reported as having occurred farther up the river, near Fort Lyon. Several soldiers and citizens murdered and two women carried off by small bands of Indians. The particulars have not reached me; I am of the opinions that quite a number of 100-days' men might be raised in Colorado which, with a like force from Western Kansas, added to the volunteer force now in this vicinity, could give these red rascals a whipping. In case such a course was pursued the movements of the men so raised should be simultaneous and in perfect harmony.

I am, sir,with much respect, your obedient servant,

SCOTT J. ANTHONY,

Major First Cavalry of Colorado, Commanding Post.
HEADQUARTERS DEPARTMENT OF NEW MEXICO, Santa Fe, N. Mex., August 29, 1864.

Brigadier General LORENZO THOMAS,

Adjutant-General U. S. Army, Washington, D. C.:

GENERAL: Colonel McFerran, chief of staff at these headquarters just come across the plains,and has submitted the inclosed communication, descriptive of the condition of affairs on the road with

