
savages. A force had been dispatched by Major Adams in pursuit of the Indians, who are thought to be in considerable numbers. I shall probably receive full official details by the mail due to-night, in which case I will write again to-morrow.

I am, general, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

H. H. SIBLEY,

Brigadier-General, Commanding.
HEADQUARTERS SECOND SUB-DISTRICT OF MINNESOTA, Fort Ridgely, Minn., August 29, 1864.

Captain R. C. OLIN,Asst. Adjt. General, District of Minnesota, Saint Paul, Minn.:

CAPTAIN: I have the honor to report that there have been no more indications of Indians along our lines lately. Through Scout Stevens, whom I ordered to Spirit Lake, I have received a copy of a communication from Captain Millard, commanding at Sioux City, dated August 26, to the lieutenant commanding at Spirit Lake, stating that several Winnebagoes had been killed by a party of Sioux below Sioux City, and that they were supposed to try to escape up the Little Sioux, Rock, or Big Sioux River, in which direction a scouting party was leaving Spirit Lake to-day. Lieutenant Darrow has or will doubtless join that party, as I have left it discretionary with him to act according to the information he would have on reaching Jackson. The scouts on the Redwood River fear that their camp may be attacked, and have requested me to give them a few carbines, which I shall do, as they have only shotguns. Company L, Second [Minnesota] Cavalry, is not completely mounted yet, and quite a number of the horses in their possession are entirely unfit for cavalry service. As soon as I receive the inspection report of horses in the hands of the past quartermaster I shall forward it,and in the meantime shall act as circumstances will require.

Most respectfully, your obedient servant,

WILLIAM PFEANDER,

Lieutenant-Colonel, Commanding.
HDQRS. DIST. OF MINNESOTA, DEPT. OF THE NORTHWEST, Saint Paul, Minn., August 29, 1864.

Lieutenant-Colonel PFAENDER,Commanding Second Sub-District, Fort Ridgley:

COLONEL: Inclosed you will please find special order* from these headquarters of this date, directing Lieutenant Ruegg, of Company E, Second Minnesota Cavalry, to repaid immediately to Sauk Centre and assume command of that post. The brigadier-general commanding directs me to state that are particular reasons why no time should be lost in relieving Lieutenant Harris. The command at Preston Lake, where Lieutenant Ruegg is reported to be at present stationed, should be intrusted to the most and trustworthy of sergeants in that company. Private letters received last evening mention the killing or one if not of two men and the wounding of a third, supposed to be at

---------------

*Omitted.

---------------

59 R R-VOL XLI, PT II

