
assured that a terrible blow could the struck at these Indians, one that they would never forget. If it were possible to send troops here to securely garrison the post now occupied by this battalion, I would regard it as a great favor to be permitted to march with my command into the country occupied by the red devils and wipe them out. I would have no fears for the result. I could reach them from here and strike a telling blow before they would be able to summon to their assistance a body of Indians sufficiently strong to offer any serious opposition. Is not such an expedition practicable? Can it not be done? I have been informed by a half-breed from Georgetown that the Indian killed there by Captain Donaldson's men belonged to Little Six's band, and that he was accompanied by four others of the same band. The success attending the Indians who committed the Lewiston murders will stimulate other raids, either at that or some other point. I feel apprehensive that an attack may be made on the stage between here and Sauk Centre, and to prevent it I have ordered escort from the various detachments of this command along the route. I have also provided for an escort for the main from here to Georgetown once per week. Every security to life and property will be furnished by me to the full extent of the means at my command. Between guards at hay meadows, escorts for hay trains, escorts for stages and mail carriers, my command will be actively employed.

I am, captain, very respectfully, yours, &amp;c.,

C. POWELL ADAMS,

Major, Commanding Independent Battalion Minnesota Vol. Cavalry.
HEADQUARTERS DEPARTMENT OF THE NORTHWEST, Milwaukee, Wis., August 29, 1864.

Brigadier General A. SULLY,Fort Rice:

(Care of Commanding Officer Sioux City, via Council Bluffs.)

Orders set to you in a letter of August 16 to send back Minnesota troops are not intended to break up your expedition before field operations are over. Minnesota troops to be sent back when field operations south of Missouri River are ended.

JNO. POPE,

Major-General.
SPECIAL ORDERS, HDQRS. MIL. DIV. OF WEST MISSISSIPPI, No. 113. New Orleans, La., August 30, 1864.

6. The One hundred and sixty-first New York Volunteers Infantry and Twenty-third Wisconsin Volunteer Infantry will be relieved from duty with the U. S.forces at Mobile Bay, and immediately embark for Morganza, La., reporting on their arrival at that point to the commanding officer. The quartermaster's department will furnish the necessary transportation.

7. Brigadier General James Totten, Missouri State Militia, having reported at these headquarters for duty, is hereby assigned to duty as chief of artillery of this division,and will be obeyed and respected accordingly.

By order of Major General E. R. S. Canby:

B. F. MOREY,Captain and Acting Assistant Adjutant-General.

