
NEW ORLEANS, August 20, 1864.

Brigadier-General LAWLER:

The major-general commanding directs that you hold your command in readiness to move up the river.

S. C. FARRINGTON,

Captain and Aide-de-Camp.
HEADQUARTERS NINETEENTH ARMY CORPS, New Orleans, La., August 20, 1864-2.45 p.m.

General HERRON,Baton Rouge, La.:

In accordance with Special Orders, No. 108, headquarters Military

Division of West Mississippi, you are requested to cause the enlisted men of the Second Louisiana Cavalry with their horses and equipments to be at once embarked for Morganza to join the First Louisiana Cavalry. I further request that you will order Colonel Keily, Second Louisiana Cavalry to leave Baton Rouge by first boat and report at these headquarters. Have you transportation for the men?

J. J. REYNOLDS,

Major-General, Commanding.

PORT HUDSON, August 30, 1864-2.20 p.m.

(Received 7.40 p.m.)

Captain B. F. MOREY,

Acting Assistant Adjutant-General:

All the troops of General Dennis' command left this post on the afternoon of the 28th instant for Morganza.

GEO. L. ANDREWS,

Brigadier-General of Volunteers.

PORT HUDSON, August 20, 1864.

(Received 7.50 p.m.)

Lieutenant C. T. BARRETT,

Acting Aide-de-Camp:

I know nothing of the strength of the rebel force at Bayou Sara. I suppose it is only a party of Scott's force with some artillery. They fired upon the steamers White Cloud and Choteau yesterday morning. No one hurt and no great damage done. The firing was with cannon and small-arms. The gun-boats 14 and 54 are said to have hastened to the scene of action. The firing on the White Cloud took place near an island below Bayou Sara. The Choteau is reported fired upon above Bayou Sara from this side of the river in both cases. My opinion is the gun-boats only can measurably protect steamers. Unless the country back from the river is held by our forces there can be on effectual protection given by the army, and that for the present appears to be out of the question.

GEO. L. ANDREWS,

Brigadier-General of Volunteers.

