
I am very shot of ordnance stores and some ordnance. I sent my ordnance officer to Memphis and Saint Louis for supplies, and was refused and told to get them at the headquarters of the department in which I am serving. I knew this and was endeavoring to advance the interests of the department and the security of the district I command by the course I pursued. However, my ordnance officer returned, and without waiting an hour (a boat being in port) I sent him to General Steele. He has not returned, and can't until General Steele settles the issue now made by the Confederates. I cannot be held responsible for any calamity that may befall this place for want of men and powder unless I am supplied. Of course I will do my best, but I am not prepared and will be less so every day unless relieved. The enemy may never be allowed to reach this post, but the fortunes may have the road for his approach. I send an officer, Lieutenant H. C. Murdock, of my staff, who bears this letter, and I request, major, most respectfully, that you co-operate with me in the matter now, perhaps too plainly, laid before you. You will pardon my earnestness. I will, of course, communicate with the navy and arrange for their support in case of need. The health of the command is very bad, and we send in a day or two a large number of sick to Memphis. Present my compliments to the general.

I am, major, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

WM. CROOKS,

Colonel Sixth Minnesota Infantry, Commanding District.
HEADQUARTERS DEPARTMENT OF ARKANSAS, Little Rock, August 30, 1864.

Brigadier General C. C. ANDREWS,Commanding at Devall's Bluff:

GENERAL: Have the Nevada and any other boat that may be there made ready at once and ordered to Saint Charles to bring up the troops at that point. Send the following additional order to Colonel Moore, viz:
HEADQUARTERS DEPARTMENT OF ARKANSAS, Little Rock, Ark., August 30, 1864.

OFFICER COMMANDING U. S. TROOPS,

Saint Charles, on White River:

SIR: You will immediately embark your command on the transports which will be sent down by General Andrews, and such others as may be necessary for that purpose and which may be found in White River, and proceed as expeditiously as possible to carry out the orders which have already been sent you from these headquarters.

F. STEELE,

Major-General, Commanding.

HDQRS. SECOND DIVISION, SEVENTH ARMY CORPS, Devall's Bluff, August 30, 1864-8.30 a.m.

Captain C. H. DYER:

The Kate Hart left with Colonel Graves' command,of a little up-ward of 600 men, and gun-boat Fawn, Captain Grace, at 6 o'clock this morning. The movement was delayed two hours by the tardy and frivolous conduct of Captain Grace is regard to getting another pilot. Up to 12 o'clock last night he gave me to understand he could move at

