
daylight. Lieutenant Davis, with 100 men of First Missouri Cavalry (late escort for General Rosecrans), has just moved out for Little Rock. He expects to camp to-night at stockade beyond Ashley's Station.

Very respectfully,

C. C. ANDREWS,

Brigadier-General, Commanding.

SEARCY, August 30, 1864-8 p.m.

(Via Brownsville, September 1.)

General CARR,

Little Rock:

Your two dispatches of 28th instant received to-day. My command is all rationed,and will move at an early hour in the morning. I expect to reach Grand Glaize by night; do not think the boats can get above that point. Shall cross there and push with all dispatch for the enemy. Have sent a scout to Augusta Landing to communicate with the boats. Rayborne is below me with a few men, and has captured a few stragglers from my command. The front has been thoroughly scouted, and everything indicates that Shelby's entire force has fallen back to Jacksonport. His pickets at August will doubtless apprise him of the ascent of boats.

Yours, &amp;c.,

J. R. WEST,

Brigadier-General, Commanding.

LITTLE ROCK, August 30, 1864.

Brigadier General P. CLAYTON:

Prisoners and refugees report that the rebels are preparing for some important movement. It is supposed that they are going to Missouri, and that part will cross below Pine Bluff and the rest above Little Rock. Some say they are going to attack Pine Bluff, and others say Little Rock is the objective point. A late Washington (Arkansas) paper says the Federals have reoccupied Benton. We had 800 cavalry there reconnoitering. I am inclined to think that there may be some humbug about their grand movement. Prisoners just brought in say that Fagan's headquarters were at Princeton three days ago, but that he was ordered to move toward Pine Bluff. Also, that the famous pontoon brigade had been taken back to Camden. Sokalski has just returned with flag of truce form near Tulip. They told him there that Fagan was at Monticello, but he did not believe it. Everybody said a grand movements was on foot. A Union map just from Camden says Magruder is not there. Fagan still commands the cavalry and Price the infantry. West is after Shelby. If he fails again I want you to try it.

F. STEELE,

Major-General.

PINE BLUFF, ARK., August 30, 1864.

Major-General STEELE:

A deserter came in this evening from Marmaduke's brigade. He confirms what others have reported. He says that a pontoon bridge was actually taken to the Arkansas River, but ordered back before they

