
commenced laying it down. All reports make the enemy moving up the Saline, with the intention of crossing the Arkansas above Little Rock. I will send a scouting party toward the Saline to-morrow. In regard to my promotion, had I not better wait until the error in spelling my name is corrected before I send my letter of acceptance, the required oath, &amp;c. Please answer to-night,as the boat starts for Little Rock to-morrow morning.
POWELL CLAYTON,

Brigadier-General.

BROWNSVILLE, August 30, 1864-12 m.

Captain C. H. DYER,

Assistant Adjutant-General, District of Little Rock:

Colonel Garrett has arrived with his command. He reports that the provision train left Austin at 10.30 a.m. yesterday under an escort of 105 men of his regiment, Captain Ridlen commanding.

ADOLPH ENGELMANN,

Colonel Forty-third Illinois, Commanding Brigade.

BROWNSVILLE, August 30, 1864-7 p.m.

Captain C. H. DYER,

Assistant Adjutant-General, District of Little Rock:

Lieutenant-Colonel Clark, of the First Missouri Cavalry, reports that he is encamped at the town of Brownsville with 120 veterans of his regiment, on his way to Little Rock.

ADOLPH ENGELMANN,

Colonel Forty-third Illinois, Commanding Brigade.

NEW ORLEANS, August 30, 1864-8.30 p.m.

(Received September 4.)

Major General C. C. WASHBURN,

Memphis:

Mower's division, I think should be brought in at once, to re-enforce the line of the Arkansas. The present movement at the rebels west of the Mississippi River points in that direction. I will send troops from here also if General Steele should be attacked in earnest. If he is the communication by telegraph will be cut. Can you arrange to keep up the communication by couriers from Helena?

E. R. S. CANBY,

Major-General.

SAINT LOUIS, August 30, 1864.

(Received 7.40 p.m.)

Hon. E. M. STANTON:

The Governor request that you will direct the ordnance officer here to turn over to the quartermaster-general of the State, upon his requisition, 1,000 muskets, equipments, and ammunition,to be issued to two new regiments of volunteers which are forming in North Missouri, at Macon City and Warrenton, but not yet mustered in. There

