
are 500 men in each regiment enlisted and sworn in, but not yet mustered. They are in danger of attack, and must have arms. General Rosecrans is absent. Answer.

JOHN B. GRAY,

Adjutant-General of Missouri.

ROLLA, MO., August 30, 1864.

Captain E. McK. HUDSON,

Acting Assistant Adjutant-General:

A party of guerrillas, estimated at thirty, came within seven miles of this post last night; they murdered a man by the name of Darling, stole all the household property of a family named Coloney, now in Saint Louis, including some muskets and revolvers. I send a party of twenty in pursuit; this exhausts my available force at this post. If anything is to be done in this district it will require a thousand mounted men.

JOHN McNEIL,

Brigadier-General, Commanding.
HEADQUARTERS, Saint Louis, August 30, 1864.

Brigadier-General McNEIL,Rolla:

We are informed that Union farm, six miles from Rolla, owned by Mrs. Tuttle, was visited bushwhackers last night. Mrs. Tuttle is here anxious for particulars. Please report such facts as may have come in your possession.

By order of Major-General Rosecrans:

FRANK ENO,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

ROLLA, August 30, 1864.

Captain FRANK ENO,

Assistant Adjutant-General:

Union farm is the place I telegraphed Captain Hudson about this morning. Have sent a party out to bury Darling and to pursue the guerrillas. Shall have further particulars this evening.

JOHN McNEIL,

Brigadier-General, Commanding.
HEADQUARTERS DISTRICT OF ROLLA, Rolla, Mo., August 30, 1864.

Captain FRANK ENO,

Assistant Adjutant-General Saint Louis:

Last night between 1 and 2 o'clock a party of rebels entered and robbed a house about seven miles from here,killing a Mr. Darling living there. Bill Lennox, son of the former owner of the place, was in the party and said no one should ever live there but of his family, and ordered Mrs. Darling to leave the place. Mr. Darling had left Minnesota an account of the Indian troubles and settled here about ten month ago. There being some sings of life about him after he was

