
shot, his daughter went for water for him, but a rebel ordered her to desist, pointing a gun at her at the same time, but she persisted and moistened the lips of her father dying, while others of the guerrilla band held their guns to him intending again to fire and make sure of his death, should if appear that he might live. They robbed the house of five rifles, two revolvers, one shotgun, $30 in money, one watch, one shawl, and bedclothes.

JOHN McNEIL,

Brigadier-General, Commanding.

ROLLA, MO., August 30, 1864.

Captain FRANK ENO,

Assistant Adjutant-General:

I have just received the following dispatch from Lieutenant Dietrich, at Saint James:

Two men just came in and reported the rebels at the iron-works, 5 o'clock. They took all the horses and some men. The number of the men is not known.

Still later:

A man from the works says there were twenty of the gang. Bill Lennox was in command. They had the workmen drawn up in line until they had robbed the store and taken twelve horses, then started south from the works.

JOHN McNEIL,

Brigadier-General, Commanding.

KANSAS CITY, MO., August 30, 1864.

Captain J. H. STEGER,

Assistant Adjutant-General, Warrensburg, Mo.:

The following dispatch has just been received from Olathe, Kans. I send it for the information of the general commanding:

Captain Allen dispatches from Oxford that he has information that 1,000 guerrillas are south of the river, mainly near Blackwater Crossing of the Sni, and moving gradually in the direction of Morristown. Quantrill himself is on the north side of the river yet, though hourly expected on the south side. They are preparing to leave, and Captain Allen's opinion is that if they make a raid at all it will be within forty-eight hours.

P. B. PLUMB,

Lieutenant-Colonel Eleventh Kansas Volunteer Cavalry.

Shall be out with all the available cavalry in the morning.

J. H. FORD,

Colonel, Commanding.

(Copy to Major Smith, Independence, Mo., and Captain Elmer, Pleasant Hill, Mo.)

KANSAS CITY, MO., August 30, 1864.

Captain E. P. ELMER,

Commanding, Pleasant Hill:

You will please find out if possible, by some means or other, if there is a body of guerrillas concentrating on Grand River. Captain Robinson,of Harrisonville, will render all assistance in his power. Make diligent endeavor to find out.

By order of Colonel Ford:

R. S. ROE,

Acting Assistant Adjutant-General.

