HDQRS. GARRISON FOR FORT WADSWORTH, DAK. TER.,In Camp, near Fort Ridgely, Minn., July 8, 1864.

Captain R. C. OLIN,

Assistant Adjutant-General, District of Minnesota:

SIR: After many unexpected delay I shall have my command in camp at the agency ferry to-morrow night, and shall await the arrival of Captain McKusick, assistant quartermaster, to take up my line of march. While Lieutenant-Colonel Pfaender, commanding this post, has shown a desire to do everything in his power to forward the expedition, I have met with many obstacles which have caused delay. Captain Klatt, commanding Company K, moved up to the ferry on the 7th and found the ferry-boat sunk, but he has raised it and will have the train across to-morrow. On the arrival of Captain McKusick I shall move forward at once.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

JOHN CLOWNEY,

Major Thirtieth Regiment Wisconsin Volunteers, Commanding.
SPECIAL ORDERS, HDQRS. MIL. DIV OF WEST MISS., Numbers 62. New Orleans, La., July 9, 1864.

* * * * *

IV. The commanding officer of the First Indiana Heavy Artillery will select from his regiment one company to relieve the company of the Eleventh Indiana Heavy Artillery now stationed at Brashear City. Upon being relieved, this company of the Eleventh Indiana Heavy Artillery will proceed to Algiers and rejoin the main portion of the regiment.

V. Brigadier General George F. McGinnis, now in this city, will report without delay to Major General J. J. Reynolds for assignment to duty.

* * * * *

By order of Major General E. R. S. Canby:

C. T. CHRISTENSEN,Major and Assistant Adjutant-General.

GENERAL ORDERS, HDQRS. DEPARTMENT OF THE GULF, Numbers 89. New Orleans, July 9, 1864.

All horses within the limits of the parishes of Orleans and Jefferson not exempted by the board of appraisers, at the Steam Cotton Press, New Orleans, must be reported to the board before Thursday, the 14th instant, on pain of immediate confiscation, in accordance with General Orders, Numbers 82. All horses in the department beyond the limits of the parishes of Orleans and Jefferson not exempted by the board of appraisers must be reported to the provost-marshals of the parishes throughout the department before the 20th instant on pain of confiscation. Certificates of exemption will be given by the provost-marshals for such horses as are not retained for public service, and all questions relating to the seizure of horses under this and General Orders, Numbers 82, will be forwarded for decision, through the provost-marshal-general of the department, to the board of appraisement.

By command of Major-General Banks:

GEORGE B. DRAKE,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

