
PLEASANT HILL, MO., August 30, 1864.

Lieutenant R. S. ROE,

Acting Assistant Adjutant-General, Kansas City:

I have been watching things closely for the last few days, and every sign goes to indicate that an important move is on foot in some direction. We have discovered several trails, all leading south. I am informed by Captain Foster, of Holden, that his command was fired upon by a party of 120 Sunday last, southwest of Holden. Many of them appeared to be recruits and were not armed. I learn from Captain West, at Harrisonville, that a small party was near that station last night making inquiries what the Federals were about; also that a trail of about thirty was discovered moving in the direction of Morristown. I had intended to send a scout of forty men to Harrisonville and below in the morning. Shall I send it?

E. P. ELMER,

Captain.
HEADQUARTERS DISTRICT OF SOUTHWEST MISSOURI, Springfield, Mo., August 30, 1864.

Major O. D. GREENE,Assistant Adjutant-General, Saint Louis, Mo.:

Inclosed I send you two letters captured from Captain Pace, of the Tenth Missouri Cavalry, rebel, who was killed in Polk County while on his way north, last Sunday, by a portion of Captain Headlee's command, Sixth Provisional Enrolled Missouri Militia. One of Captain Pace's men, who was wounded and captured, says the party left Marmaduke's command at Gaines' Landing on the 26th ultimo and that his command does not number over 1,000 effective men, and that they found Shelby's command north of Batesville, which was represented to them as numbering 6,000 men, and that General Shelby said that General Steele's troops had driven him north, and he did not know any better [place] to go to than Missouri. He also states that the information throughout General Price's army is that there is great danger in going through to North Missouri, but that it is perfectly safe after the point is reached.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

JOHN B. SANBORN,

Brigadier-General, Commanding.

[Inclosure No. 1.]

HEADQUARTERS TENTH MISSOURI CAVALRY, Camp on Arkansas River, July 23, 1864.

DEAR EARLY: I have just time to write you a line before the carrier who takes this will start. No news of much interest here now. The weather very warm and a good deal of sickness in camp. Since my return from Richmond I have been in active service. Our regiment has been in several severe engagements and has lost a good many men killed and wounded. For some time past our brigade has been on the Mississippi River, which we blockaded for a time. Recently we have been on the Arkansas from fifteen to thirty miles below Pine Bluff. At present we are comparatively idle, though we are hoping to receive orders soon

