
to move northward. I think we will be able to drive the enemy from this State during the summer and fall. Saw Major Brinker a few days since,who, with your other friends, is well. All accounts from Missouri represent that the bushwacker in Missouri are more numerous and bold than ever. We feel great anxiety about Lee and Johnston, but are still confident. We still hope that you can weather the storm. We are all right over here now and wish we could lend you a helping hand. Write to me without fail every opportunity. Remember me to Hamp. Wiley, Major Means, Doctor Bass, and all friends when you see them. I will write you a long letter the first opportunity. We get plenty of green corn to eat now, and I shall have a fine blackberry pie for dinner to-day as it is Sunday.

Yours, truly,

A. M. LAY.

[Inclosure No. 2.]
HDQRS. TENTH MISSOURI CAVALRY, MARMADUKE'S Brigadier, Camp on Arkansas River, July 24, 1864.

DEAR HOUGH: I have just time to write you a line before the gentleman who will carry this starts. Ash. Ewing and others have recently received letters from Jefferson City, and thinking their contents might be of interest to you I write. Ash. had one letter from Clay and two from his "duck." All are well there; Phil. Winston and Miss Laura Scott are married. Jim McHenry and Jack have gone to Idaho. M. M. Flesh (conservative) beats Chris. Wagner (radical) for mayor some thirty votes. They came very near beating old George Miller for judge at the last election by a Dutchman imported from Saint Louis three weeks before the election. The bushwacker in Missouri are more numerous and active than ever before. The letters came by flag of truce and were brought there, I think, by C. J. Corwin, esq. That distinguished individual is now living on a plantation, I think, which it is said he has rented. I think there is a prospect that we will make this an unhealthy location for him before long. This. I believe,is all the news. I have not received a letter from Missouri since I left there. I write often but get no answer. It has been a long time since I have even heard from home. Our brigade has been on the Mississippi River for a month or two, where we had some severe engagements with the enemy and blockaded the river for some time. Recently we have been on the Arkansas from ten to thirty miles below Pine Bluff. We are now comparatively idle, but hope soon to receive orders to move northward. We ought to be able to drive the enemy from this State now and move into Missouri; whether we will or not remains to be seen. Our long inactivity since the victories of the spring does not look very encouraging. Our infantry is on the Washita River; district headquarters at Camden; Bragg is at Marshall, Tex. Have not heard from him for a long time. Your friends generally in the army are well. I am quartermaster of the Tenth Missouri Cavalry, Colonel Lawther commanding. Am doing finely with the exception of being a little unwell just now. My kindest regards to Mrs. Hough and hope the little boy is doing well. Write without fail if you have an opportunity Direct to Tenth Missouri Cavalry, Marmaduke's brigade, and send to district headquarters at Camden, Ark.

In great haste, truly, yours,A. M. LAY.

