
MEXICO, MO., August 30, 1864.

Major-General ROSECRANS:

Several bodies of rebels have crossed the Missouri River about Jefferson City, and are now in camp in Boone County. I have not been able to concentrate force sufficient to drive them out. If you could order some troops to cross over from Jefferson City while I send troops south and east from Fayette and Glasgow, I think we can capture them. They claim to be Shelby's men.

J. B. DOUGLAS,

Brigadier-General.

SAINT LOUIS, MO., August 30, 1864.

Brigadier-General DOUGLAS,

Mexico, Mo.:

Let me know where these bands are. How many they are. Telegraph same to General Fisk. Have plans arranged so that we can [know] when to co-operating force should be ready, and the points at which it should cross. Let all be done promptly, and have guides for the forces from this side of the river.

W. S. ROSECRANS,

Major-General.

HDQRS. EIGHT MIL. DIST., ENROLLED MISSOURI MIL., Mexico, August 30, 1864.

General C. B. FISK,

Commanding North Missouri, Saint Joseph:

Since I last wrote you I have received information of another band of rebels (said to be eighty) crossing the Missouri River, coming north, at Stonesport, nine miles above Jefferson City. From the best information I can obtain there has quite a number of men crossed the river. Captain Carey holds the post at Columbia with about eighty men. The rebels hold the country between Columbia and the river,with their pickets within one mile of town. Several days since I ordered Major Leonard to re-enforce Columbia. He started on last Friday and encountered Bill Anderson. Had there heavy skirmishes with him routing and scattering his men. This news Major Leonard sent me by telegraph. Major Leonard drove Anderson into Howard County. This there Leonard away from Columbia. I received news yesterday evening that the Federal and rebel force had a fight three miles from Rocheport, in Howard County, lasting some three hours and up to dark Sunday evening (this news may be true or false); the result not known. I am hourly expecting to hear of important moves by the enemy,and the recent order requiring the First Iowa Cavalry to report at Little Rock makes it necessary that I make some arrangements for troops at my headquarters, as they are the only troops I have here. If Colonel Forbes can get a few companies of his men armed in a few days, I think he might hold Macon City, and let me consolidate the Ninth Cavalry at Sturgeon and move the Third Missouri State Militia to Mexico. I look upon Sturgeon as being the best point on the railroad to operate in the Perche Hills, or in Monroe County. I am organizing companies of Enrolled Missouri Militia and putting them on duty in all the counties north and west of the North Missouri Railroad,with a view of putting the new regiments in front of the enemy. We must take companies of the new

