
regiments as fast as they are armed and use them or we will be driven out of all the river counties. I would suggest to you that we make an effort to get the two companies of the Ninth Cavalry at Rolla brought north of the Missouri River. These two companies would be of more service to us than any companies now here of the Ninth Cavalry, they being better mounted and in a better state of discipline. I should think with proper effort they might be obtained.

Hoping these suggestions will meet with your approbation,

J. B. DOUGLASS,

Brigadier-General.

FORT KEARNY, NEBR. TER., August 30, 1864.

(Received 12.30 p.m. 31st.)

Major General H. W. HALLECK,

Chief of Staff:

I have ordered quartermasters to buy horses to mount troops, but vouchers are refused in payment because the Cavalry Bureau did not make the purchase. There are not representatives of the bureau either in Nebraska or Colorado, where immediate necessity requires horses. Over half my cavalry in this region is without horses, and purchases are quite suspended, because money is not supplied and vouchers are discredited. Only sixty-four militia have got this far. They turn back home as soon as they pass settlements. The bet equipment and diligent use of Federal troops must be our main dependence in keeping our overland lines open.

S. R. CURTIS,

Major-General.

OFFICE NEOSHO INDIAN AGENCY, (TEMPORARILY AT OHIO CITY, KANS.), August 30, 1864.

Major General S. R. CURTIS,

Commanding Department of Kansas, Fort Leavenworth, Kans.:

GENERAL: In view of the hostile attitude of bushwacker on the eastern and Indians on the western borders of Kansas, and the perilous situation of the inhabitants, I shall proceed on the 3rd instant [proximo] to the Osage Nation to hold a council with the chiefs and warriors of that tribe, for the purpose of inducing their braves and warriors to assist in the defense of our western border against the hostile Indians. And I feel no hesitancy in tendering 500 warriors mounted to you for the service for a short time (thirty or forty days),provided you will give me the assurance of subsistence and such arms and ammunition as they may be destitute of. I propose to lead them in person and allow them to adopt all the rules and customs of Indian warfare. They are thoroughly loyal and the natural enemies of these hostile tribes on the plains. If this suggestion meets you favor and I should succeed as I expect, I cam move in a few days at any point you may order. The only officers we should want wound be a quartermaster and commissary. This may look visionary to you but a reality to me.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

P. P. ELDER,

U. S. Neosho Indian Agent.

