
PAOLA, August 30, 1864.

Major C. S. CHARLOT,

Assistant Adjutant-General, Fort Leavenworth:

No rebels have been discovered near Morristown yet, but a large body is reported to-day at Blackwater Crossing of the Sni in Missouri, said to be gradually moving southwest.

THO. J. McKEAN,

Brigadier-General, Commanding District.

LEAVENWORTH, August 30, 1864.

Major-General SYKES:

Citizens of Douglas and other counties much a alarmed at the threatening appearance of a serious raid from Missouri. Have you any information that requires additional force to protect the State? I respectfully request any information you may have from time to time, where the service of the militia may be needed.

THOS. CARNEY.

PAOLA, August 30, 1864.

Governor THOMAS CARNEY,

Leavenworth City:

I imagine that the rumors which create the alarm you mention have reference to the situation some time since, as I have no late information which would seem to justify any new excitement. I shall certainly take pleasure in complying with your requested to be furnished with any information I may get that might require additional assistance, and I presume my successor will also.

THO. J. McKEAN,

Brigadier-General, Commanding District.

PAOLA, KANS., August 30, 1864.

Lieutenant-Colonel PLUMB,

Olathe:

Direct Company L, Fifth Kansas, to abandon Camp Clayton and take up station at Oxford, reporting to Captain Allen. Instruct your command to keep out scouts into Missouri in every direction to watch the movements of the enemy, and in case he enters Kansas to abandon encampments and fall on his rear with a will, notifying you and the command north and south of entry. Keep sentinel all night in telegraph office,so as to send and receive dispatches any hour. If it is settled that the enemy will enter south of Aubrey or near if order Company I to Olathe,and call on Colonel Keeler for militia to watch the section of country around Shawnee Mission. Was the information obtained from Estes?

T. MOONLIGHT,

Colonel, Commanding.

60 R R-VOL XLI, PT II

