
feeling entirely satisfied in regard to the nonfulfillment of promises made to him, as he contends, in Washington. There is a cause arising which may create difficulty. There is much talk concerning it already. I have reference to the taking away of these Indians and selling them as substitutes in Saint Paul. The matter is beyond my control, it being managed through mixed-bloods and by means of whisky. If there is any way by which you could interfere in this matter and prevent their being sworn in unless by their voluntary consent, untrammeled by outside influences, you would confer a great favor and abate one of the causes tending to excitement among the Indians. The Red Lake payment will take place about the 1st of October, at or near the Red Lake River Crossing. I would request that a detachment of twenty-five soldiers be sent to accompany me with the money, goods, and provisions for that payment, if not incompatible with the public interest.

I remain, respectfully, your obedient servant.

A. C. MORRILL,

Indian Agent.

STATE OF MINNESOTA, EXECUTIVE DEPARTMENT, Saint Paul, August 31, 1864.

Brigadier General H. H. SIBLEY,

Commanding District of Minnesota, Saint Paul, Minn.:

SIR: I inclose, respectfully, a private communication* from General Mitchell, of Saint Cloud, confirming the report of Indian depredations in the vicinity of Manannah, &amp;c. Judge Smith, who has just arrived from Forrest City, saw a soldier on Monday from the front, who more than corroborated the report. I earnestly suggest the propriety of immediately dispatching Captain Boyd to that section of country with his company (E) of Hatch's battalion.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

S. MILLER,

Governor of Minnesota.

I will call for inclosures at noon.

NEW ORLEANS, LA., August 31, 1864-8.30 p.m.

(Received September 8.)

Major General H. W. HALLECK,

Chief of Staff:

The movements of Kirby Smith's troops have been very uncertain for the past ten days, but there has been a gradual concentration in the lower part of Arkansas. Magruder has reached Camden and relieved, Price, and although we have still information of the construction of boats and other preparations looking to the crossing of the river, I think the main operations will be directed against Steele. General Reynolds, with two division of infantry and a brigade of cavalry,will at once be moved up the river, and I have asked General Washburn to move Mower's division to Steele's assistance, if this information is found correct. If it should prove to be a real attack, Steel will be re-enforced by from 15,000 to 20,000 men. If only a feint, these troops will still be in position to oppose the passage of the river, if that should be the real design.

E. R. S. CANBY,

Major-General, Commanding.

---------------

*Not found.

---------------

