
and did cross. The object is the invasion of Missouri. He would fight the force of Pine Bluff if he could draw them out. There is a torpedo squad trying to sink their machines above mouth of White River in the Mississippi. I will communicate with the army on this subject.

In haste,

WM. CROOKS,

Colonel, Commanding.
HDQRS. MILITARY DIVISION OF WEST MISSISSIPPI,New Orleans, August 31, 1864.

Brigadier General C. C. ANDREWS,

Commanding, &amp;c., Devall's Bluff:

GENERAL: Your dispatch of the 25th has been received.* Your position is of vital importance in keeping open General Steele's communications, and will be held at all hazard. Re-enforcements are now on the way to you, and if the attack is real the army in Arkansas will be re-enforced by 20,000 men. Saint Charles is also of importance in keeping the river open, so that the re-enforcements may get up without obstruction or delay.

ED. R. S. CANBY,

Major-General.
HDQRS. SECOND DIVISION, SEVENTH ARMY CORPS,Devall's Bluff, August 31, 1864.

Captain C. H. DYER,

Assistant Adjutant-General, Little Rock:

I inclose a copy of a dispatch prepared yesterday morning. I got off the Nevada, with barges, at 2 p. m. yesterday for Saint Charles. I expect she and the Tycoon will be abel to bring up the entire command. The Sally List got off this morning. She also will return here if needed. The detachment of First Indiana Cavalry arrived going home to be mustered out, went on her, and will wait at Saint Charles if she has to return. The First Indiana Volunteers were to unload her, for the chance of going on her, with the understanding of a possibility of her detention at Saint Charles. The Commercial got in at 7.30 o'clock this morning. She was detained by Colonel Moore from the morning of the 28th to the morning of the 30th. When she left nothing had been [done] toward loading the Tycoon.

C. C. ANDREWS,

Brigadier-General, Commanding.
HEADQUARTERS U. S. FORCES,Saint Charles, Ark., August 31, 1864-1.30 p. m.

Major General C. C. WASHBURN,

Commanding District of West Tennessee:

DEAR GENERAL: Your dispatch bearing date of August 28, 1864, has just been received per gun-boat Numbers 6. One of my staff officers, Captain Warner, has just returned from Devall's Bluff bringing orders from Major-General Steele for an immediate removal to that

---------------

*See Part I, p. 282.

---------------

