
point. I shall at once embark my command and move up the river at daylight to-morrow morning. On the 28th [24th] instant the enemy, under Shelby, made a dash on the railroad near Brownsville, between Little Rock and Devall's Bluff, capturing the Fifty-fourth Illinois Volunteers in detail, it being stationed in squads as guard to the hay-makers. After a little fighting with re-enforcements sent out from the Bluff Shelby moved north toward Searcy. General West with an infantry and cavalry force has been sent out after him. All still at Little Rock and Devall's Bluff at present. According to the latest information from General Steele, General Price, with the main rebel army, was at or near Tulip, Ark., it would seem for the purpose of moving up past Little Rock, crossing the Arkansas River, and making a raid into Missouri. As to the existence of a pontoon bridge near Arkansas Post, I have not got any reliable information. I have heard that such was the case. We abandon this place, which in my opinion should not be done, as the fortifications are quite formidable and should the enemy occupy them the gun-boats would be unable to dislodge them without the assistance of a land force, and so Steele's communications would be cut off. I have represented these facts to General Andrews and through him to General Steele. I shall not be sorry when the order comes for us to return to your command.

I am sincerely, your friend,

J. B. MOORE,

Colonel, Commanding.

WAR DEPARTMENT,

Washington City, August 31, 1864.

JOHN B. GRAY,

Adjutant-General of Missouri, Saint Louis:

The Chief of Ordnance has been directed to issue an order in accordance with your telegram of yesterday.

EDWIN M. STANTON,

Secretary of War.

GENERAL ORDERS, HDQRS. DEPARTMENT OF THE MISSOURI, Numbers 158. Saint Louis, Mo., August 31, 1864.

So much of General Orders, Numbers 128, current series, from these headquarters, as directs the commanding officer of each of the Missouri State Militia regiments to select a captain and first lieutenant to recruit in their respective regiments for the Thirteenth Regiment Missouri Veteran Cavalry is hereby revoked; recruiting details for this regiment will be made in future from these headquarters. All the re-enlisted men (veteran and non-veteran) of the Missouri State Militia regiments who have re-enlisted for the three years' service suitable conduct, with their descriptive lists. to Benton Barracks, Mo., to be organized into companies. Commanding officers of regiments and detachments will report by telegraph to these headquarters the number of men who have re-enlisted in their respective commands, and who are to be sent to Benton Barracks under the provisions of this order.

By command of Major-General Rosecrans:

O. D. GREENE,

Assistant Adjutant-General and Chief of Staff.

