
CAPE GIRARDEAU, MO., August 31, 1864.

General EWING:

Captain Shells just informs me from Bloomfield that some 200 rebels are near Kennett, in Dunklin County, and that he learns that some 300 more have gone toward New Madrid. I have sent instructions to all the outposts to send out scouts and spies and keep me advised. Have ordered the commanders at New Madrid nd Bloomfield to hold their posts at all hazards against any guerrilla force.

H. M. HILLER,

Lieutenant-Colonel, Commanding.

CAPE GIRARDEAU, August 31, 1864.

Captain EDWARDS,

New Madrid:

Captain Sells reports a rebel force of 200 men near Kennett; says he learned that 300 had gone toward New Madrid. Keep yourself well posted, send out citizens, scouts, and spies, and do not suffer yourself to be surprised. If any large force approaches act on the defensive, and hold the post at all hazards.

H. M. HILLER,

Lieutenant-Colonel, Commanding.

SAINT LOUIS, MO., August 31, 1864.

Brigadier-General MCNEIL,

Rolla, Mo.:

Send the two companies of the Ninth Missouri State Militia from Rolla over to Jefferson. Inform the general commanding when they march.

By order:

EDWD. MCK. HUDSON,

Acting Assistant Adjutant-General.
HEADQUARTERS DISTRICT OF ROLLA,Rolla, Mo., August 31, 1864.

Captain E. MCK. HUDSON,

Actg. Asst. Adjt. General, Dept. of the Missouri, Saint Louis:

SIR: I have the honor to acknowledge telegraphic order of this day to march the two companies of the Ninth Missouri State Militia to Jefferson. (I presume Jefferson, Cole County, is meant.) The aggregate of these two companies is 170 men; present for duty, 61; serviceable horses, 94. The mounted men can be moved to-day as I have ordered the relief of all men on special and extra daily duty (except two clerks that I can-not now replace). I herewith inclose informal reports* of the state of the two detachments of cavalry now on duty here, respectfully referring them to the commanding general for his information in regard to the force at this post. I have nothing to draw from in other quarters of the district, and when I have supplied the paymaster with a very

---------------

*Omitted; stated substantially in the context.

---------------

