HEADQUARTERS DISTRICT OF CENTRAL MISSOURI,Warrensburg, August 31, 1864.

Major-General ROSECRANS,

Commanding Department of the Missouri:

GENERAL: In reference to the co-operating expedition you propose for Boone County from this command, I would suggest that Major suess, at present on the Fanny Ogden, land with his force (increased to 150 men from the force at Lexington) at Providence and move from thence to Columbia, returning by the way of Rocheport to Boonville. Parke's company, at Boonville, can be crossed and move out to meet Suess and take the bushwhackers in rear. This is the best I can do just now, as Colonel Ford is out on the border of Kansas with his force, and Colonel Lazear, who has the rest of my available force, is moving toward the Sni Hills, where the bushwhackers have been congregating lately. Saline county has a good scare on it just now and will keep quiet for awhile. There is a rumor here that Sanderson has been removed as provost-marshal-general and that General Brown has been put in his place. If this is not so it would be well to correct it in the press, as it is having a bad effect up here with the people.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

A. PLEASONTON,

Major-General, Commanding.

PAOLA, August 31, 1864.

General PLEASONTON,

Warrensburg:

Information thought to be reliable shows the bushwhackers gathering at Cold Spring, near Blackwater Crossing of the Sni. Can't you beat them up?

GEORGE SYKES,

Major-General.

WARRENSBURG, August 31, 1864.

Major-General SYKES,

Paola, Kans.:

My information places the bushwhackers as gathering near Morristown, just east of Paola. Reports are conflicting. I am moving troops in that direction.

A. PLEASONTON,

Major-General.

WARRENSBURG, August 31, 1864-4.20 p. m.

Lieutenant Colonel B. F. LAZEAR,

Commanding in the Field, via Lexington:

Concentrate your command and move at once toward Morristown, Cass County, via Blackwater Crossing of the Sni, at which points it is reported that the guerrillas are concentrating. Act on such information as you may obtain and follow them. Captain M. Burris, commanding at Lexington, will forward this with dispatch.

By order of Major-General Pleasonton:

J. H. STEGER,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

