
thinks) going to the ferry. Four thousand cavalry they told him were with the force, and he thinks the whole number of men with Fagan 6,000 to 7,000. Four hundred had crossed at 10 a. m. when he was at the ferry, Wednesday morning, and they expected to cross 2,000 to 3,000 that day. They had flats for crossing cannon, &amp;c. Fagan's headquarters were at a Mr. Douglass', some thirty-five below Pine Bluff, where he saw the general. All the enemy had left Red Fork Landing for South Bend and all whom he saw were moving in that direction. Shelby was near Augusta four or five days since. My informant says Fagan's men are full of going to Missouri.

I am, respectfully, your obedient servant,

S. L. PHELPS,

Lieutenant-Commander, Division Commander.

LITTLE ROCK, ARK., July 9, 1864.

General C. C. ANDREWS,

Commanding Devall's Bluff:

As soon as the cutting of timber and the fortification are completed I will try to move the troops to a more healthy location. Hurry this work forward as fast as possible. I do not see how any change can be made in the running of trains. I will not do to run them at night while the track is being torn up, and the heaviest train can be loaded at night and come over in the morning.

It cannot require many men to load the day train, and you have a company of negroes who can do that special work. I am anxious to hear news from Marmaduke on the south and Shelby on the north before I move the troops from Devall's Bluff.

E. A. CARR,

Brigadier-General, Commanding.

LITTLE ROCK, ARK., July 9, 1864.

Colonel O. WOOD,

Brownsville Station:

There is a report here that the road was again torn up night before last at the edge of the prairie; also that an attempt was made to set fire to the bridge at Two Prairie Bayou and the block-house at that point attacked. Is this so; and, if so, why was it not reported before this?

By order of Brigadier General E. A. Carr:

CHAS. W. MINER,

Captain and Acting Assistant Adjutant-General.

BROWNSVILLE, July 9, 1864-1 p. m.

Captain C. W. MINER,

Actg. Asst. Adjt. General, Dist. Headquarters, Little Rock:

I do not know of any attempt having been made to burn the bridge or block-house at Bayou Two Prairie. Two men were seen in the woods and were fired at by the men in the block-house. The road was torn up at some point beyond the bayou, as I am informed, but as that part

