
HOLDEN, August 31, 1864.

Captain J. H. STEGER, Assistant Adjutant-General:

I will proceed immediately with scout to ascertain location of gang reported.

W. P. BAKER,

Captain, Commanding.

KANSAS CITY, MO., August 31, 1864.

Captain J. H. STEGER,

Assistant Adjutant-General, Warrensburg:

Colonel Ford left for Independence and Pleasant Hill at 7.30 this morning with about ninety men. The news from Lieutenant-Colonel Plumb has been confirmed by special messenger from Captain Allen, at Oxford. Blackwater Crossing of the Sni is about six or seven miles below Lone Jack, twenty-three or twenty-four miles from Morristown. Colonel Ford is satisfied that a raid will be made by the guerrillas some time this week. Captain Elmer, at Pleasant Hill, telegraphed that large trails are discovered leading toward Morristown, and that signs go to show some large movement on foot by the guerrillas. Captain West with his company (F) is at hay camp, seven miles from Independence, and the colonel requests that camp and Camp Wagoner, on the Little Blue, where Companies C and L are stationed, may be broken up and the troops concentrated at Independence or Pleasant Hill. There is also a great deal of sickness in the regiment and great lack of horses, leaving but few men for duty.

Respectfully,

R. S. ROE,

Acting Assistant Adjutant-General.
HEADQUARTERS DISTRICT OF SOUTHWEST MISSOURI,Springfield, Mo., August 31, 1864.

Major COSGROVE, Commanding at Lebanon, Mo.:

MAJOR: There is reason to believe that Colonel Freeman with his old command and a large number of conscripts has moved into or north of Oregon County. His object is said to be to attack and capture small posts with the view of getting arms to arm his conscripts with. Keep well informed of any movements of the enemy, and be in readiness to attack him at any time. The Hartville company is compelled to fall back toward Lebanon. If at any time you should not be able to hold the post you will destroy all arms that you cannot bring away, whether the same are public or private, and all other stores that could be of advantage to the enemy. I do not expect any such emergency.

JOHN B. SANBORN,

Brigadier-General, Commanding.
HDQRS. DETACHMENT SECOND ARKANSAS CAVALRY,Near Ozark, August 31, 1864.

Brigadier General J. B. SANBORN,

Commanding District of Southwest Missouri, Springfield, Mo.:

GENERAL: I have the honor to report that my scouting parties have returned again from the White River country and bring no additional news from the enemy. All is quiet in that country. I will send out two small scouts to-day after muster.

