
Refugees are coming in within the past few days quite numerous. I send up about sixty to-day. They are principally from Searcy County, Ark. I send in charge of the escort James Monroe, who came into the lines yesterday. He states that he was in the employ of Government as teamster and was taken prisoner by the enemy on the 9th of April, at the time General Steele's train was captured, and escaped, working his way from near Camden, Ark., to this place. I think his statements are reliable. Lieutenant Hubbard informed me that there has been several very important general orders issued. If it is convenient would like to have them sent down, as I have not received an order for two months.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

JOHN C. BAILEY,

Captain, Commanding Detachment Second Arkansas Cavalry.
HEADQUARTERS DISTRICT OF SOUTHWEST MISSOURI,Springfield, Mo., August 31, 1864.

Captain TURNER,

Commanding at Hartville, Mo.:

CAPTAIN: There is good reason to believe that Colonel Freeman, with his old command and a large number of conscripts, has moved into his State at a point east of you, and in or through Oregon County. His purpose is said to be to attack and capture small posts and their commands, with the view to capture arms sufficient to supply the conscripts. He is said to have 400 armed men and 1,000 or 2,000 conscripts. You will make every effort to keep well informed of Colonel Freeman's movements and those of the enemy, and hold your command in constant readiness for action, and if Freeman approaches your position you will punish him all in your power, and if you cannot hold your position after hard fighting you will fall back toward Lebanon and send messengers to Captain Butts, at Marshfield, to advise him of your movements and those of the enemy, so far as you shall have ascertained them. You will furnish all information you may obtain to Captain Sallee, and obtain his co-operation, if possible. Send all information that is important to these headquarters. If the enemy approaches your position move out and compel him to show his strength, at least, before he reaches the post. I do not think Freeman is disposed to fight much, but relies upon surprises for success in his enterprises.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

JOHN B. SANBORN,

Brigadier-General, Commanding.

SAINT JOSEPH, MO., August 31, 1864.

Colonel O. D. GREENE,

Assistant Adjutant-General:

I have the honor to request that the battalion of the Seventeenth Illinois Cavalry, now at Alton, be sent to this district for duty if practicable. The First Iowa Cavalry is relieved and ordered to Arkansas. I have but few mounted troops, and the necessity for a strong, well-appointed force in the counties of Howard, Boone, and Callaway was never so great as just now. I would recommend that the battalion be sent to

61 R R-VOL XLI, PT II

