
Rocheport and Colonel Beveridge to Glasgow. Major Matlack's battalion needs to be vigorously disciplined, and an officer or two dismissed for shameful neglect of duty. Will it be practicable to send me the remaining battalion of the Seventeenth Illinois Cavalry?

CLINTON B. FISK,

Brigadier-General.

SAINT LOUIS, MO., August 31, 1864.

General FISK,

Saint Joseph, Mo.:

The Seventeenth Illinois Cavalry will be sent to you as you as mounted. The First Iowa will not be relieved immediately.

By order of Major-General Rosecrans:

FRANK ENO,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

MEXICO, MO., August 31, 1864.

Major-General ROSECRANS,

Commanding Department of the Missouri:

The bands of rebels in Boone are said to be part of Shelby's command combined with Perkins, Todd &amp; Co.; are in three camps-160 in one camp and 200 in another, number in the other not known, besides numerous other small bands, altogether said to be from 400 to 600. My force will move on them early next Friday morning. Troops should cross the river at Jefferson City, unless we could get steam-boat to take them up the river from ten to fifteen miles, which would be much better. Will have guide at Jefferson City with full instructions to commanding officer. Have telegraphed General Fisk. Will troops be at Jefferson City promptly?

J. B. DOUGLASS,

Brigadier-General.
HDQRS. EIGHTH MIL. DIST., ENROLLED MISSOURI MIL.,Mexico, August 31, 1864.

Brigadier General C. B. FISK,

Saint Joseph, Mo.:

GENERAL: I have reliable information of several bodies of troops having crossed the Missouri River, and are now in camp in Boone County, 160 of them within five miles of Columbia; others are in camp on the river. To enable me to drive them out I will have to abandon several posts and consolidate my troops, and I hold no posts except those regarded as important, several of them telegraph stations. I tried to reach you by telegraph yesterday, but failed. I ordered the mounted portion of the Seventeenth Illinois from Glasgow to report to Major Leonard yesterday, and Major Leonard to take them and his command, open communications with Columbia, get what forces he could from there, and meet the enemy, and at least find out his strength. A large portion of these troops are said to belong to Shelby's command. I have telegraphed General Rosecrans of the presence of Shelby's men, and suggested that he send some troops up the Pacific Railroad, and

