
PAOLA, KANS., August 31, 1864.

Lieutenant-Colonel PLUMB,

Olathe:

Have your command on the line strike their tents and pack everything up as well as possible, so as to live in camp, but be ready to move at a moment's warning. Keep Waterhouse going all the time, and an assistant, if necessary. Direct him to communicate with you very often.

T. MOONLIGHT,

Colonel, Commanding.

(Same to Captain Henry Pearce, Eleventh Kansas Cavalry, Coldwater Grove, Kans.)

PAOLA, KANS., August [31], 1864.

Lieutenant Colonel P. B. PLUMB,

Olathe:

You will not move Company I until your information justifies it, or you are satisfied that the enemy is coming in south of Oxford.

By order of Colonel Moonlight:

IRA I. TABER,

First Lieutenant and Acting Assistant Adjutant-General.

FORT KEARNY, NEBR. TER., August 31, 1864.

His Excellency Governor A. SAUNDERS,

Omaha:

Yours of the 29th instant, informing me that Colonel O. P. Mason, of Nebraska City, asks if they should raise any more troops in that part of the Territory if a part of them could be stationed on the Atchison or Blue route to give protection to the ranchmen and allow them an opportunity to return to put up hay, is duly received. My first desire is to open the route, or rather to restore the stage route through to Denver. I consider the dangerous portion between this place and Latham, and I confident in my hope soon to secure this against these marauding bands. In order to protect the lines to Nebraska City and Atchison, troops will be needed at Liberty from Big Sandy, Oketo Station, on the Atchison route. A good company at each place would probably restore confidence to the settlers, and proper exertions on the part of these companies and the stage companies to erect inclosures for their men and animals, that could not be taken by a dashing, mounted band of Indians armed with bows and arrows, would here, as elsewhere, probably secure the successful establishment and safety of the lines. I would be glad to have the militia of that region take this on themselves, and I recommend the matter to your and their favorable consideration. I would not be bound to keep troops or approve of troops being made such a fixture they could not go where most needed, but as matters now appear I think all companies reported raised in that vicinity to the number of three or four should be stationed as I have indicated.

I have the honor to be Your Excellency's very obedient servant,

S. R. CURTIS.

