
tour to avoid a brigade of rebel cavalry that had crossed the river and threatened their rear. They report Cabell across the Arkansas River, moving toward Saint Charles; that Fagan will follow and join him. Marmaduke is at Red Fork, on the Arkansas River. Our pickets were again attacked on the Little Rock road. Loss, 1 killed, 2 wounded, and 2 taken prisoners.

POWELL CLAYTON,

Colonel, Commanding.

(Same to General E. A. Carr.)
HEADQUARTERS DEPARTMENT OF THE MISSOURI,Saint Louis, Mo., July 9, 1864. (Received 5.40 p. m.)

Honorable E. M. STANTON:

On receipt of a telegram from General Halleck to send the two regiments of 100-days' men to Chicago, I telegraphed that they were at Rolla and Pilot Knob, and guarding the railroad bridges, while all our available cavalry was moving to keep down the rebel hordes which have come in squads from Arkansas, and in connection with home guerrillas and robbers are plundering, marauding, and robbing all over the State; that bands except to operate in conjunction with home conspirators and work for an advance of Shelby to aid in the work of mischief; that I had sent these 100-days' men to guard the depots and bridges so that we could sue all our cavalry, and was now using State militia to guard the depots and prisons in this city; asked if, under this state of affairs, it would not be better to retain the regiments here and use the militia at Chicago, than to order out militia here or risk the depots and bridges, as well as the lives, the property, and industry of the loyal citizens. I infer from his dispatch of this morning* that he did not lay the matter before you. The troops have been ordered to move and will be sent as soon as practicable, but I respectfully and earnestly ask your attention to the matter, which, all things considered, seems to me one of high public interest.

W. S. ROSECRANS,

Major-General.

CINCINNATI, OHIO, July 9, 1864.

(Received 5.55 p. m.)

Honorable E. M. STANTON:

Finding I could be spared from Louisville for two or three days, I came here to see the boards for examining candidates for medical officers of colored troops. I shall obtain none, and the board for regimental officers has been dissolved. I shall this evening proceed to Saint Louis for a similar purpose, and to examine into what further may be done for the organization of colored troops in Missouri. The negroes heretofore have been sent to Louisville, but I shall now organize a regiment at the former place.

L. THOMAS,

Adjutant-General.

---------------

*See July 8, p. 85.

---------------

