
HERMANN, MO., July 9, 1864.

Brigadier General THOMAS EWING,

Commanding Saint Louis District of Missouri:

GENERAL: A squad of bushwhackers, about forty in number, made their appearance on the 7th instant at a store eight miles from this place, which they plundered of its most valuable contents, then passed down within two miles of the Missouri River, stealing horses, plundering dwellings, and shooting citizens. They took a large amount of valuable goods, a number of horses, and killed 1 and wounded 1 Union man. Information reached me of their presence and depredations, when I crossed the river with twenty-five men and pursued them into Caraway County, where they were met and dispersed by a detachment of cavalry from Fulton. Not deeming it of any avail to proceed farther I returned. I could not hear anything definite of result of the fight between our detachment from Fulton and the rebels.

I am, general, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

WILL. T. HUNTER,

Captain Company M, Third Missouri State Militia Cavalry.
HEADQUARTERS SAINT LOUIS DISTRICT,Saint Louis, Mo., July 9, 1864.

COMMANDING OFFICER,

Second Sub-District, Cape Girardeau:

There are frequent reports, paraded through the papers in dispatches from Cairo, of guerrilla outrages between there and Charleston. If Captain Ewing has not force enough to root them out of that section send one or two companies more to take station wherever it may be deemed advisable in that region. I suppose the reports are exaggerated, and if that is so Captain Ewing should try to find out who manufactures and peddles them, and stop the business, for they discredit the efficiency of the troops there in that section.

THOMAS EWING, JR.,

Brigadier-General.

CAMP ELK VALLEY,

July 9, 1864.

Brigadier-General SANBORN:

DEAR SIR: I received your note of the 8th instant, which made me feel sorry to learn that reports had reached you that I had refused to try to disperse the banks of guerrillas that infest this portion of country. I have at all times sent men immediately to take them in. In regard to Mr. Cornogs being robbed, the band was there and did the mischief about 9 o'clock at night. I received word at 3, when I arose immediately and made preparation to follow them. I took twenty men as early as I could and went to Mr. Cornogs and there struck their trail and followed them some twenty miles through the mountains, until my horses nearly all failed, the rebs having from 9 o'clock until daylight the start, and when I gave up the chase they had scattered so that it was impossible to make any speed after them, as they followed no road. I have never failed to send men at all times when I received information that there were rebs in the country, and also I keep out small scouts day and night, and have ever since I have been camped

