HDQRS. FOURTH DIVISION, FOURTEENTH ARMY CORPS,Battle Creek, August 21, 1863-7 a.m.

Lieutenant-Colonel FLYNT:

COLONEL: Yours of 20th received at 9 p. m. last evening. Will make dispositions to-day as directed. I send copy of last report from Colonel Wilder, and Colonel Carlton's report of yesterday p.m. The former was forwarded yesterday an delivered at department headquarters. Sent a train to Tracy City yesterday; also pioneer battalion; expect them back to-night. Will send General Brannan's train to Stevenson to-day. At present writing Fourth Division is at Battle Creek, Third Division in Sweeden's Cove, about 4 or 5 miles in rear.

Very respectfully,

J. J. REYNOLDS,

Major-General.

[Inclosure No. 1.]

TRACY CITY, August 21, 1863- 1.30 a. m.

Colonel FLYNT,

Fourteenth Army Corps, or

General GARFIELD:

SIR: I have the honor to report that 7 deserters from the steamer. Paint Rock have just arrived; they left the boat on Wednesday morning. The capstan was at that time broken, and as there were but 28 men (First Louisiana Regiment) to work her, 11 of that number having now deserted, she probably cannot be removed without another detail of men from Chattanooga. She was lying at the Skillet-between the Skillet and Suck. They report two companies of rebel cavalry at Chaldon's Mill, the only troops on their route here.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

C. H. CARLTON,

Colonel Eighty-ninth Ohio.

[Inclosure No. 2.]

OPPOSITE CHATTANOOGA,

August 21, 1863-11 a. m.

General REYNOLDS:

I have three regiments here and four guns. Am trying to destroy two steam-boats lying on the opposite shore. A pontoon bridge is lying in the stream on the opposite side, all laid ready to swing across the stream. Batteries are being put in their works, and one now replying to us. Clouds of dust are now rising in all directions south of the river. I can see no camps. Citizens, prisoners, and deserters say that Bragg has about 30,000 men, including his cavalry.

The railroad trains were running all last night. A rumor is in their camp that Charleston is taken by our forces. Wagner is reported down this side of the mountain on the Anderson road. Troops are now moving westward in the rear of that-in rear of this battery. West of town there seems to be but two forts, each pierced for eight guns. One is on a high point half a miles west of town; the orders is on lower ground near the steam-boat landing.

Two regiments of my force with two guns, have gone to Harrison's.

