HDQRS. FIRST DIVISION, TWENTY-FIRST ARMY CORPS,Gordon's Mills, September 12, 1863-8 a.m. (Received 1.45 p.m.)

Captain P. P. OLDERSHAW,

Assistant Adjutant-General:

CAPTAIN: I am just in receipt of letter of instructions of this 2 a.m. sent by the lieutenant of the Thirty-ninth Indiana Volunteers, but no copy of order, map, or report of Colonel Harker accompanied the letter. I suppose these papers will come with the copy of letter of instructions sent by courier. I will try to communicate with you at once, and regret that you did not mention which of the two routes, by Gilbert's or Peeler's, General Crittenden would move on.

Explorations to the front this morning show that the enemy, whose camp-fires were visible last night on my arrival here, fell back during the night. This undoubtedly is the force Harker encountered yesterday, joined by the brigade under Forrest in person, which spent a good part of yesterday about half way between this place and the position I rested in yesterday. In coming over here I passed the camp this brigade occupied night before last. Citizens told me there were fire regiments in this force. Judging from the broad space covered by the debris of forage, this force may have been so large. It moved from its position at noon yesterday, coming in this direction. I followed on its track.

Respectfully, &amp;c.,

TH. J. WOOD,

Brigadier-General of Volunteers, Commanding.
HEADQUARTERS TWENTY-FIRST ARMY CORPS,Ringgold, September 12, 1863-1 a.m.

Brigadier-General VAN CLEVE,

Commanding Third Division:

SIR: The general commanding directs that you move your command at this 5 a.m. and march on the road to Peeler's, and take up a defensible position near the Rossville and La Fayette road, between Gordon's Mills and Shields' house. You will protect the train of the whole command, with one brigade marching in its rear, and have both train and brigade at Peeler's to await further orders.

I am, sir, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

P. P. OLDERSHAW,

Captain and Assistant Adjutant-General.
HEADQUARTERS TWENTY-FIRST ARMY CORPS,Ringgold, September 12, 1863-2.15 a.m.

Colonel J. T. WILDER,

Comdg. First Brig., Fourth Div., Fourteenth Army Corps:

SIR: The general commanding directs to inform you that Generals Palmer and Van Cleve move at 5 a.m. toward Gordon's Mills, on Rossville and La Fayette road. Send your baggage to General Van Cleve, who will guard it as far as Peeler's. See map. You will march on the direct road from here to La Fayette and attack boldly, and report often at Peeler's or Gilbert's, a little east of Gordon's

