
Mills. You will communicate with General Thomas if possible, but my flank must not be uncovered until Minty reports or you receive further orders from me. I sent you a dispatch last evening form department headquarters, ordering you still to report to me. On receipt of this the general commanding desires to see you in person at this place. If you have to return to this place so as to get on your road, don't let your command leave before 7 a.m., and leave a strong rear guard so as to cover the movement even when you withdraw.

I am, sir, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

P. P. OLDERSHAW,

Captain and Assistant Adjutant-General.
HEADQUARTERS TWENTY-FIRST ARMY CORPS,Three Miles East of Gordon's Mills, September 12, 1863-1.45 p.m.

Colonel J. T. WILDER,

Commanding Cavalry:

SIR: The general commanding directs me to acknowledge receipt of your dispatch of this 9.30 a.m. He does not believe in the possibility of your right being flanked or turned, as the entire Twenty-first Army Corps is here, General Wood with the First Division being at Gordon's Mills. General Wood writes this morning that Forrest was in his front last night, and the general thinks that the constant use of names of distinguished rebel officers is for the purpose of deceiving us. You will therefore act upon orders already received, and push the enemy vigorously whenever an opportunity offers. Headquarters will be at Gordon's Mills to-night. All my information goes to show that General Thomas must be in large force near La Fayette. The general thinks now that you have the opportunity of making your command memorable.

I am, sir, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

P. P. OLDERSHAW,

Captain and Assistant Adjutant-General.
HEADQUARTERS TWENTIETH ARMY CORPS,September 13, 1863-4.30 p.m.

General R. W. JOHNSON:

General McCook directs that you go into camp where you are. We have been so much delayed that it will be impossible to get farther to-night.

I am, very respectfully, &amp;c.,

G. P. THRUSTON,

Assistant Adjutant-General and Chief of Staff.
HEADQUARTERS TWENTIETH ARMY CORPS,September 13, 1863-5.45 p.m.

General R. W. JOHNSON:

Instructions received on the road up the mountain make a change of route necessary. Your command will now move by way of Winston's,

