
near there,where you can find water, and further orders will be sent you. You are expected to have your trains and troops, if practicable, in the valley at Winston's to-night, or as near there as you can.

Very respectfully,

G. P. THRUSTON,

Assistant Adjutant-General and Chief of Staff.

NEAR WINSTON'S, September 14, 1863-10.45.

General LYTLE:

We have heard from General Thomas, and also heard better information of the nature of the road on Lookout Mountain, and General McCook directs that you do not bring any of your troops or trains down the mountain into Lookout Valley until you get further orders from him. Park the trains and encamp your troops on Little Creek as directed in your first instructions. There is considerable corn on the mountain between the two roads to Winston's. You will probably hear from us early to-morrow. General Stanley sends a force to Dougherty's Gap to-day and his command will cover your position.

I am, general, very respectfully,

G. P. THRUSTON,

Assistant Adjutant-General and Chief of Staff.
HEADQUARTERS DEPARTMENT OF THE CUMBERLAND, September 14, 1863.

Major-General CRITTENDEN:

Your signal of 3.50 a.m. was received at 4.25 a.m, but it was too late to reply by signal. I started a courier at once with dispatch to tell you that it was the general's intention you should have moved last night. I sent you dispatch by signal and courier to that effect at 11 p.m. last night, on receipt of yours at 7.40 p.m. You should now move at once.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,C. GODDARD,

Assistant Adjutant-General.
HEADQUARTERS TWENTY-FIRST ARMY CORPS,

September 14, 1863-12.25 a.m. (Received 2 a.m.)

Brigadier-General WOOD,

Comdg. First Division, Twenty-first Army Corps:

GENERAL: The general commanding directs me to inform you that General Palmer and Van Cleve are ordered to move at once. You will therefore make the necessary arrangements for relieving the pickets.

I am, sir, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

R. LODOR,

Lieutenant Colonel, and A. I. G., Twenty-first Army Corps, A. A. A. G.

