
My impression is that they have no large force here;their guns do not seem to be large ones. They practice is also bad.

Prisoners just taken say that Polk's corp as or rear Chattanooga. Hardee's old corps,now commanded by D. H. Hill,said to be at or near Tyner's Station. Citizens and prisoners all think that Bragg's intention is so go into Kentucky by way of Kingston.

J. T. WILDER,

Colonel, Commanding.
HEADQUARTERS FOURTEENTH ARMY CORPS,Camp, Bolivar Springs, August 21, 1863.

Major-General REYNOLDS.

Commanding Fourth Division:

I have the honor to inclose an order* from the general commanding department,with reference to putting up batteries on this side the Tennesse River,to command the railroad at a point opposite Shellmound.

The general commanding directs that the order be executed as soon as possible,if found to be as represented by Major-General Rosecrans.

Information was received last evening from Colonel Carlton that he had in his possession 4 deserters from the steamer Paint Rock;that the said steam-boat was lying at the foot of the Suck,with capstan broken,&amp;c.

The general suggests that you examine into the matter,and,if at all practicable,to capture the boat.

Very respectfully,your obedient servant,

GEO F. FLYNT,

Assistant Adjutant-General and Chief of Staff.
HDQRS. FOURTH DIVISION, FOURTEENTH ARMY CORPS,Jasper, Tenn., August 21, 1863-6.09 a.m.

(received 10.20 a.m.,22nd .)

Lieutenant-Colonel FLYNT,

Assistant Adjutant-General, Fourteenth Army Corps:

Telegram with information concerning steam-boat Paint Rock received. Will attend to it. Our signal communication will be established,we expect,to-morrow forenoon between Jasper and Bridgeport.

J. J. REYNOLDS,

Major-General, Commanding.
HEADQUARTERS DEPARTMENT OF THE CUMBERLAND,Stevenson, August 21, 1863.

Brigadier-General Lytle,

Bridgeport:

The general commanding,with Generals McCook and Stanley,is going down to Bridgeport. He wishes you to meet him with some horses,6 or 8,to enable him to visit the ferry and point. Will stop[p car in shade.

R. S. THOMS,

Aide-de-camp.

---------------

*See Goddard to Thomas,p.84.

---------------

