HDQRS. FIRST DIVISION, TWENTY-FIRST ARMY CORPS,August 21, 1863-12 p.m.

Brigadier-General GARFIELD:

SIR: William a. Bryant and W. J. Hightowers,deserters from the Confederate Army,make the following statement:They left Chickamauga Station,12 miles from Chattanooga,on the Atlanta railroad, Wednesday morning,19th. They belonged to the Fifteenth and Thirteenth Arkansas Regiments, Liddell's brigade, Cleburne's division, Hill's corps,late Hardee's. The brigade consisted of the Second and Fifteenth Arkansas(consolidated), Fifth and Thirteenth Arkansas(consolidated),and First Arkansas[Louisiana Regulars]. The brigade is from 1,600 to 2,000 strong. The consolidated regiments to which they belong number 450,and the Second and Fifteenth is commanded by Colonel Govan, Sixth and Seventh by Colonel Gillespie, Thirteenth and Fifth by Colonel Featherston,and the Eight by Colonel Kelly.

Respectfully,

TH. J. WOOD,

Brigadier-General.

THERMAN, August 21, 1863-10 p.m.

(Via Tracy City,1 a.m.,22nd .)

Brigadier-General GARFIELD:

Chief of Staff:

Have just the following from Wagner:

CAMP OF SECOND BRIGADE, August 21.

SIR: I have been watching from the bluff the fight between Wilder and the rebels at Chattanooga. There was nobody hurt that I could hear of,but it caused quite a stir in the city. They filled their works with men,and seemed to be very busy marching and countermarching. Evidently they had a great number of troops,or they kept what they had all the while for effect. For four hours troops could be seen moving about. They had some heavy guns in position,as well as strong works,but little could be ascertained,looking 4 miles,even with a telescope. I have a very good one. Considerable firing has been going on in the direction of Bridgeport.

Wilder captured a lot of mules to-day. I think by to-morrow I can give you some information as to the amount of force the enemy have in Chattanooga. Reports are so varied that I have benn unable to form any opinion.

Your obedient servant,

TH. J. WOOD,

Brigadier-General, Commanding.

THERMAN, August 21, 1863-2 p.m.

General GARFIELD:

GENERAL: My advance is at the eastern edge of the mountain,about 6 miles from Chattanooga. I think there is no force this side of the river,except a very few cavalry,who where in my front to-day. Bragg is still in Chattanooga with the main part of his force. He yesterday sent re-enforcements opposite Bridgeport:went up himself on the railroad,but returned last evening.

Have heard nothing from Wilder. Enemy except our main attack to be made from Bridgeport. The report in Chattanooga to-day among the soldiers was,that the main body of our force was in the

