
neighborhood of Bridgeport and Sweeden's Cove,and that a smaller force as above,from the direction of the McMinnville by deferent routes;also that Johnston was within five day's march of Chattanooga,with 25,000 re-enforcements. Most of the troops about Chattanooga are encamped 3 or 4 miles from the city. It is believed that a general advance is being made by the Federals and the army at Chattanooga was very busy at work to-day with pick and shovel;they are said to be very strongly fortified. This information is mainly derived from 2 young men,1 of whom,with is farther,left the city to-day. The father,and Mr, Connor,is the member-elecxt from this country to be rebel Legislature;the young men obtained their information from their farther. Another report sats Johnston has arrived. This I do not believe.

The enemy's pickets are plainly from my advance. I will be compelled to fall back with the main force,3 miles,for water,if I remain here long,but will kept up a strict watch in front. The road,with a little work,can be made fair.

You will hear further from me in the morning when I shall have heard from a scouting party sent in the direction of the enemy.

I am.sir,very respectfully,your obedient servant,

G. D. WAGNER,

Brigadier-General.
HDQRS. THIRD DIVISION, TWENTY-FIRST ARMY CORPS,Pikeville, August 21, 1863 6.30 p.m.

Lieutenant Colonel LYNE STARLING,

Chief of Staff:

On arrival of Captain Moreau I sent a party of 150 men to meet my train coming from McMinnville that I looked for to-morrow. Have just learned that it has already reached the valley safe. Have not yet heard Colonel Minty. I sent a train to McMinnville this morning.

Very respectfully,

H. P. VAN CLEVE,

Brigadier-General, Commanding Division.
HEADQUARTERS DEPARTMENT OF THE CUMBERLAND,Stevenson, Ala., August 21, 1863.

Major General GORDON GRANDER,

Nashville:

The general commanding wishes you to make a daily report of how matters are going on in your district. He has received no direct report since leaving Winchester.

J. P. DROUILLARD,

Captain and Aide-de-Camp.

Nashville, August 21, 1863-9.30.p.m.

General J. A. GARFIELD:

I have telegraphed daily when there was anything to communicate;reported McCann's capture yesterday. Forrest is reported at

