
LARKINSVILLE, August 21, 1863-7 p.m.

Major W. H. SINCLAIR,

Assistant Adjutant-General, Cavalry Corps:

I present the synopsis of operations of First Cavalry Division since occupation of present line:

August 13,left Huntsville, encamped Third Brigade and Flint River Bridge,bivouacked with First and Second Brigades at Hurricane Creek.

August 14,left Hurricane Creek,the First East Tennesse Cavalry

making a detour,leaving Larkinsville road 2 miles of the crossing,and by the Bellefonte road the crossing,and by the Bellefonte road crossing the Cumberland Mountains and reaching Larkinsville August 15, 1863. They saw no guerrillas. I left the Fourth Indiana at Paint Rock Bridge;arrived at Larkinsville,established headquarters and encamping the Second Indiana Cavalry and First Wisconsin Cavalry here.

August 15,sent Colonel Campbell with one regiment to Stevenson,the other two regiments of his Brigade leaving the next morning. Forage party on the:Larkin's Landing road was attacked by bushwhackers,who were repulsed and 2 of them killed. The country has been pretty well cleared of them since I have ordered them when caught to be hung and property destroyed in vicinity where they make attack.

Troops are disposed at follows:Third Brigade,at Maysville;guard at Flint River and Hurricane bridges;daily troops to Huntsville, Whitesburg,and Lemon's Ferry;courier lines to these headquarters. Second Brigade, Fourth Indiana at Paint Rock Bridge;Second Indiana and First Wisconsin at this station;patrol from this brigade daily to Larkin's Landing,and Guntersville and Fort Deposit roads,and along the line of railroad. First Brigade, Ninth Pennsylvania and Mud Creek Bridge,also guarding Bellefonte and Meltonsville fords and mounts of Mud Creek. Second Michigan and First East Tennesse,at Bolivar,guarding Carperton's and Cox's and Shallow Fords;picketing road in front,and patrolling from Bolivar,the right of brigade line;courier line from Stevenson to these headquarters.

Quartermasters stores captured,34 horses and 54 mules. Rebel prisoners sent North,34;obnoxious citizens sent out of lines,4;rebels prisoners paroled and taken oath,8;citizens,47. The horses have been subsisted almost entirely on the forage of the country. The supply is running short.

EDWARD M. McCOOK,

Colonel, Commanding.
HDQRS. FOURTH INDIANA, FIRST CAVALRY DIVISION,Paint Rock Bridge, Ala., August 21, 1863.

Colonel E. M. McCOOK,

Commanding First Cavalry Division:

SIR: I am instructed by Colonel Platter to inform you that he has received information that a conscript officer and small squad of rebel cavalry are at work enforcing the conscript act in the vicinity of Deposit.

Colonel Platter is desirous of sending a battalion to that place,provided his doing so would not interfere with any orders coming

