
from you. Provided you sanction the matter,he propose sending them of to-morrow night,to be absent about thirty-six hours. A response is respectfully solicited in the course of to-morrow afternoon.

I have captured 5 prisoners more to-day.

I am,colonel,very respectfully,your obedient servant,

WM. G. ANDERSON,

Acting Adjutant Fourth Indiana Cavalry.
HDQRS. THIRD DIVISION, TWENTY-FIRST ARMY CORPS.

Pickeville, Tenn., August21, 1863-8 a.m.

Colonel R. H. G. MINTY,Commanding Cavalry Brigade:

COLONEL: The general commanding directs me to say a communication was received from General Critteden last evening,to to the effect that his construction of the order from the commanding general required you remain in the valley of the Tennesse until further orders.

The general thinks you had better select some strong position near

Morganton,and sent back to this place for rations a forage. You will,of course,get at the forage you can from the country,as we have but a small quantity here. Its is reported that there is a quantity of forage,consisting of sheaf-oats,old corn,&amp;c.,in the country where you operating.

Very respectfully,

E. A. OTIS,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

CRAB ORCHARD, August 21, 1863.

General ROSECRANS:

The following are the orders I have issued to Major-General Hartsuff,which will explain all our movements except those of Carter,who will move the main body of this command trough Williamsburg,over the Jellico Mountains,and trough Marsh Creek Valley to Chitwood's. There may possibly be one day's delay in the arrival at the designated points,but I do not think there will. I have also a small brigade of new infantry troops,with a battery, ready to move from here directly on Cumberland Gap,and I shall move up what remains of Ninth Corps as fast as I can.

The cavalry brigade at Ray's Cross-roads is 3,000 strong. The infantry division at Columbia about 4,000. Hascall's infantry division is over 5,000. Carter's two brigades over 5,000 and Wolford's brigade,at Somerset,about 1,000.

Please let me know in cipher all you can of your movements. Hascall's order dated yesterday received.

A. E. BURNSIDE.

---------------

*See p.94.

---------------

