
SPECIAL FIELD ORDERS, HDQRS. ARMY OF THE OHIO,

No. 9. In the field, August 21, 1863.

III. Colonel Clift, late of the Seventh Regiment Tennessee Volunteer Infantry, will at once report for duty to Brig. General J. M. Shackelford,commanding Third Brigade, Cavalry Division, Twenty-third Army Corps.

By command of Major-General Burnside:

R. H. I. GODDARD,

Captain and Aide-de-camp, Actg. Asst. Adjt. General

[Indorsement]

Colonel Clift was held as a hostage for Major Long, C. S. Army, who was captured in Kentucky and sentence was captured with Burnside's mail at London. My communication to Burnside caused a suspension of the order and forced Long's release.

WAR DEPARTMENT, ADJUTANT-GENERAL'S OFFICE,

Washington, August 21, 1863.

Major General A. E. BURNSIDE,

Cincinnati, Ohio:

The following in the substance of General Orders, No. 286:*

No prisoner is the substance of war,after having been reported to the commissary-general of prisoners,will be discharged except order from commissioner of exchange of prisoners. All applications and recommendations for discharge will be forwarded to be commissary-general of prisoners. The mere desire to be discharged on taking the oath of allegiance is not sufficient ground for discharged without other cause.

By order of the Secretary of War:

E. D. TOWSEND,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

WASHINGTON, D. C., August 22, 1863.

Major-General GRANT,

Vicksburg, Miss.:

GENERAL: Your letter of the 11th instant is just received.+The acceptances of yourself, Sherman,and McPherson have now all been received.

I have heard of no complaints whatever about the movements of your army since the fall of Vicksburg;on the contrary,everybody that it would require some rest before undertaking new operations. Your plain of moving against Kirby Smith from Natchez, by Harrisburg and Monroe,will agree very well with the line of operations suggested by General Banks,viz,to ascend the Red River to Shreveport and move on Marshall or to move from Natchi-

---------------

*Issued from War Department, Adjutant-General's Office, August 17, 1863.

See Grant to Halleck, Series I, Vol. XXIV, Part III,p.587.

---------------

