
toches on Nacogdoches, Tex. This will make your two lines near enough together to assist each other. In case Banks adopts this plan, Kirby Smith and Magruder must abandon either Texas or Arkansas,or they will be obliged to wage a mere guerrilla war. General Banks has been left a liberty to select his own objective point in Texas,and may determine to move by sea. If so,your movement will not have his support and should be conducted with caution. You will confer on this matter freely with General Banks. The Government is exceedingly anxious that our troops should occupy some points in Texas,with the least possible delay.

In our contemplated operations in Arkansas and Louisiana,you will probably require additional cavalry. You are authorized to mount any of your infantry regiments,making reacquisitions on the proper department for horses and equipments. Your force should move as much as possible by water transports,in order to save land transportation trough a country where the roads are few and bad.

Very respectfully,your obedient servant,

H. W. HALLECK

General-in-Chief.

August 22, 1863.

General DENNIS,

Black River Brigade:

I am coming down by way of Bovina.

W. T. SHERMAN,

Major-General.
HEADQUARTERS SEVENTEENTH ARMY CORPS,Vicksburg, Miss., August 22, 1863.

Colonel THOMAS STEPHENS,

Commanding Second Wisconsin Cavalry:

COLONEL: In view of the fact that your command is very much reduced at present by detaching three companies,you will move your camp and sick to some good point within 2 or 3 miles of this place. The main portion of your effective force will be kept,however,in bivouac in the vicinity of Red Bone Church,which is the best point from which to watch and guard the ferries and fords across the Big Black. By having your men pout in bivouac and changing their location every day or so,you will be able to guard against any surprise on the part of the enemy,and can perhaps more effectually watch his movements,and surprise and cut off any small detachment which ventures on this side of the river.

Very respectfully,your obedient servant,

JAS. B. McPHERSON,

Major-General.

STEVENSON, ALA., August 22, 1863.

(Received 6.25 p.m.)

Colonel J. C. KELTON,

Assistant Adjutant-General:

Examined the grounds near Bridgeport Ferry and 4 miles below. Our infantry,advanced for reconnaissance,was within 6 miles of

