
CORINTH, August 12, 1863.

Colonel MERSY:

Start Lieutenant-Colonel Philips immediately. He will move via Ripley to Oxford,where he will form a junction with column from La Grange. If the detachment of the Engineer Regiment cannot be mounted, have the Ninth move without them.

By order of Brigadier-General Dodge:

J. W. BARNES,

Lieutenant and Acting Assistant Adjutant-General.
HEADQUARTERS SECOND BRIGADE, SECOND DIVISION,Pocahontas, August 12, 1863.

Colonel J. I. RINAKER,

One Hundred and Twenty-second Illinois:

COLONEL: Your letter of the 11th instant was received. Captain King had not to wait for instructions. His instructions are to fight,and I expect that the next time he will clean guerrillas out without waiting for orders. You should have sent our immediately some cavalry after receiving the first information,without waiting. Sol. Street was badly whipped yesterday by some cavalry sent out from this post. He lost 4 men killed,6 or 8 wounded of his command,and was himself severely wounded and had his horse captured.

In regard to those rations for prisoners, I wish to inform you that

I am,very respectfully,

August MERSY,

Colonel Ninth Illinois, Commanding Brigade.

WINCHESTER, TENN., August 12, 1863-10 p.m.

(Received 2 a.m.,13th)

ADJUTANT-GENERAL:

Report has not reached me of the cavalry advance. First Division of the Fourteenth Corps has reached its position near Stevenson. Cavalry horses of left wing were sent up to-day. No other report to make. Pontoons go forward as soon as forage is furnished. Rebels expect us above Chattanooga.

W. S. ROSECRANS.

WINCHESTER, TENN.,

August 12, 1863.

Colonel WILLIAM J. PALMER,

Commanding Anderson Cavalry:

COLONEL: In obedience to your order, I herewith transmit a sketch * of the country lying adjacent to the road leading from this place to Larkin's Fork via Salem.

As your chief object,according to my interpretation of the order,seemed to be to according to my interpretation of the order,seemed to be ascertain the character of the road beyond Salem,it will be unnecessary to speak at length concerning the road the that place. I beg leave to remark,however,that it is now on excellent condition;good roads are cut through the fields wherever standing pools of water render the main highway impassable. The facilities for

---------------

*Not found.

---------------

