
My agent informs me they lay on side track over twelve hours. I believe they are all at Stevenson except those at Murfreeborough.

If they are loaded they will go on train in the morning.

Respectfully,

WM. P. INNES.

GENERAL ORDERS,HDQRS. DEPT OF THE CUMBERLAND,

No. 207.Stevenson, Ala., August 22, 1863.

I. Brig. General J. St. C. Morton having been relieved from duty as chief of this army on account of disability, Captain William E. Merrill, Corps of Engineers,is announced as his successor.

II. The Pioneer Brigade,heretofore under the command of General Morton,will hereafter be commanded by the senior officers on duty with it,who will report to the chief engineer for orders.

III. Captain William C. Bunts, One hundred and twenty-fifth Ohio Volunteer Infantry,is announced as acting assistant adjutant-general at these headquarters,and is assigned to duty in the branch office at Nashville.

By command of Major-General Rosecrans:

C. GODDARD,

Assistant Adjutant-General.
HEADQUARTERS DEPARTMENT OF THE CUMBERLAND,August 22, 1863.

Major-General THOMAS,

Commanding Fourteenth Army Corps:

Direct Colonel Wilder to withdraw his forces to a save position,and watch the enemy's movements by strong pickets guard,strengthened by patrols so strong as frequent as to deceive the enemy as to our intentions until Burnside gets to into position,keeping us constantly advised of everything he sees and hears.

General Reynolds must see that he is supplied and supported in case of attack. Give necessary directions to prevent his being cut off,and order him to report the road he is on.

W. S. ROSECRANS,

Major-General, Commanding Department.

[Indorsement]

AUGUST 22, 1863-11 p.m.

[GENERAL REYNOLDS:]

The above,just received,is in response to your telegram received this evening from Colonel Wilder.

The general directs that you kept a sharp lookout for Colonel Wilder's safety,and to report all the movements of the enemy,and to see that Wilder is supplied with rations from this place.

By command of Major-General Thomas:

GEO. E. FLYNT,

Assistant Adjutant-General and Chief of Staff.

