
Journal of operations of the Fourteenth Army Corps.

AUGUST 22, 1863.

Colonel Wilder reports having reached the ferry opposite Chattanooga,sunk one steam-boat and disabled another,and them withdrew his main force out of reach of the enemy's guns,placing pickets at the ferry to observe the movements of the enemy. General Reynolds was ordered to send a brigade to Shellmound,and establish a battery to prevent to enemy from running trains from Chattanooga to Bridgeport.
HEADQUARTERS FOURTEENTH ARMY CORPS,Bolivar, Ala., August 22, 1863.

Major-General ROSECRANS,

Commanding Department of the Cumberland:

Colonel Van Denver,commanding brigade at the month of Battle Creek,told Captain Roper,commissary of subsistence,this morning that five regiments of infantry stationed opposite to him left last night in the direction of Chattanooga. The cars were also running all right. There was only one company of cavalry on the enemy's side of the river. I have been waiting for General Reynolds official report before sending he has made no report from his reconnoitering party yet.

GEO. H. THOMAS,

Major-General, Commanding Fourteenth Army Corps.
HEADQUARTERS DEPARTMENT OF THE CUMBERLAND,August 22, 1863-4.45 p.m.

Major-General THOMAS,

Commanding Fourteenth Army Corps:

General Sheridan reports General Patton Anderson's division moved from opposite Bridgeport toward Shellmound. He reports there are now infantry forces on the river below Bridgeport. Have you any news from the forces sent to make a demonstration on the railroad?

W. S. ROSECRANS,

Major-General, Comdg. Department of the Cumberland.
HDQRS. FIRST DIVISION, FOURTEENTH ARMY CORPS,Camp Dawson, August 22, 1863.

Major S. K. DAWSON,

Commanding Third Brigade:

MAJOR:You will detail the battalion on Nineteenth U. S. Infantry in your command to guard the pontoons and bridge equipage in the woods and the commissary stores by the side of the railroad track near its present camp. The battalion will also furnish daily for grand guard duty 1 sergeant,1 corporal,and 6 privates,who will be stationed on the road at such distance beyond said camp as the com-

8 R R-VOL XXX, PT III

