
manding officer of the battalion shall designate. The battalion will be excused from all other duty except such as may be ordered from these headquarters.

By command of Brigadier-General Starkweather:

E. CARY,

Captain and Acting Assistant Adjutant-General.

AUGUST 23.

The general directs that the picket post now furnished by the Nineteenth Infantry shall consist of 1 corporal and 3 men, and be of the camp of that battalion. The commanding officer of the Nineteenth Infantry will have entire charge of that post.

E. CARY,

Captain and Acting Assistant Adjutant-General.

JASPER, August 22, 1863-1.45 p.m.

(Via Bridgeport,6 p.m.)

Lieutenant-Colonel Flynt,

Asst. Adjt. General, Fourteenth Army Corps:

COLONEL: Inclosed find copy*of communication just received from Colonel Wilder from opposite Chattanooga. Yesterday 11 a.m. . I sent two regiments, and two guns this morning, to Shelmound. No report from them yet. Have guides looking for the steam -boat Paint Rock since yesterday p.m.,and they are still in search. Suspect she has been removed.

Very respectfully, yours,

J. J. REYNOLDS,

Major-General.

[Indorsement.]
HEADQUARTERS FOURTEENTH ARMY CORPS,Bolivar, August 22, 1863.

Respectfully forwarded for the information of the general commanding the department, with the request that orders my be forwarded to Colonel Wilder for his future guidance.

GEO. H. THOMAS,

Major-General, Commanding.
HDQRS. FOURTH. DIV., FOURTEENTH ARMY CORPS,Jasper, August 22, 1863-7.40 p.m.

(Received 2 a.m.,23rd.)

Lieutenant-Colonel FLYNT,

Assistant Adjutant-General:

COLONEL: I have stationed part of king's brigade st ferry opposite Shelmound,with Harris guns in position. Colonel King commands in

person. Guns command the railroad. He will cross a competent force to-night under cover of darkness and make effort to destroy the railroad bridge near Shellmound.

I have reliable information that there is one flat or ferry boat at this ferry. Two deserters, sergeants from a Mississippi regiment,

---------------

*See Wilder to Reynolds, August 21, 11 a. m. p. 100.

---------------

