
arrived this evening, corroborate the information received to-day, that the rebels have withdrawn their river force to Chattanooga, leaving only small pickets. They are from Anderson's brigade, Hindman's division, Polk's corps.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

J. J. REYNOLDS,

Major-General.
HEADQUARTERS TWENTIETH ARMY CORPS,In Camp, near Stevenson, August 22, 1863.

Brigadier General J. A. GARFIELD,

Chief of Staff:

GENERAL: I have the honor to report General Johnson's arrival at Bellefonte yesterday morning at 9 o'clock, with one brigade and the Thirty-ninth Indiana Volunteers. The remaining two brigades were expected to arrive there this morning. A detailed report of his march and position will be forwarded as soon as received. He states that he found the road over which his division moved in wretched condition, and that it required two days and nights to ascend the mountain.

I am, general, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

A. McD. McCOOK,

Major-General, Commanding.
HDQRS. SECOND DIVISION, TWENTIETH CORPS,Bellefonte, Ala., August 22, 1863.

Lieutenant Colonel G. P. THRUSTON,

Chief of Staff:

The information herein contained may be useful, and is respectfully submitted.

On the morning of the 15th instant I received an order by telegraph to hold my division in readiness to move on the following morning in the direction of Winchester, and later in the day another telegraphic order required me to move that evening. Accordingly I left Tullahoma at 3.30 p. m., and encamped that night on Elk River.

On the 16th I marched through Winchester and encamped 5 miles beyond on the Salem road.

On the 17th I passed through Salem, and at a point 5 miles beyond descended into the valley of Larkin's Fork, encamping near Larkin's Fork post-office, having marched 20 miles on that day.

At an early hour on the 18th I marched, intending to ascend the mountain by what is known as the Widow Hinche's Cove. Here I caught up with the Pioneer Brigade, and having a vivid recollection of having followed that brigade before, I decided upon trying another pass lying a little to the left, but said to be 6 miles out of my way. On reaching the mountains I encamped and gave orders for the passage of the trains at night, but the road was so rough and steep, the night so dark, the turns in the road so abrupt, that little was accomplished during the night.

