
General SHERIDAN:

Three deserters just in from opposite side report that Anderson lit out last night at 9 o'clock. Don't know where he went. More deserters coming. Shall probably have more information soon.

W. H. LYTLE,

Brigadier-General.

BRIDGEPORT, August 22, 1863.

General SHERIDAN:

Three deserters have just arrived. Anderson moved last night with three days' rations, and the officers say they were ordered to Chattanooga, which was being shelled, by their account. General Rosecrans directed me to send a flag in regard to picket firing, but this movement will prevent this. When these deserters left, Anderson was near Shellmound.

W. H. LYTLE,

Brigadier-General.

STEVENSON, August 22, 1863.

Major General T. L. CRITTENDEN,

Dunlap:

The general commanding desires a report of your operations since the commencement of the present movement accompanied by subreports. He also directs me to call your attention to department General Orders, Numbers 53, current series, Paragraph I, and to inquire if the itineraries required by Army Regulations have been kept in your command; if so, he desires copies of them forwarded to these headquarters.

C. GODDARD,

Assistant Adjutant-General.
HEADQUARTERS TWENTY-FIRST ARMY CORPS,Dunlap, Tenn., August 22, 1863-9 a. m.

Brigadier-General GARFIELD,

Chief of Staff, Stevenson:

Your dispatch of yesterday acknowledging receipt of and satisfaction with my various dispatches and movements, which gratifies me, is received. Minty arrived at Morganton yesterday at 9 a. m. His scouts to Washington drove a force of 150 rebels from Morganton to Tennessee River, which they crossed below Washington. His scouts to Blythe's Ferry found the enemy (two Mississippi regiments under Colonel Lowrey) busy throwing up intrenchments across the river, which is from 700 to 800 yards wide at that point. There was no artillery at the ferry, but it was expected daily. Van Cleve's communication, front and rear, is interrupted. Palmer has just returned, leaving Hazen's brigade at Poe's Tavern, and Wilder's two regiments opposite Harrison. He reports enemy busy with spade, and confirms previous reports of strength of enemy there. He reports that Hazen can almost sustain his command for a week without drawing supplies from here. The universal opinion

