
is that had you not moved, Bragg would have advanced to Kentucky via Kingston with 20,000 men and his cavalry. The people further believe that we are to be left in possession of this side of the river.

Wood reports Wagner on the bluff opposite Chattanooga watching Wilder endeavoring to destroy steam-boats and pontoons lying under Chattanooga.

Palmer met Dr. McGraw, who claimed to be in the employ of General Thomas, who reports Bragg at Cleveland with 15,000 infantry lying from Cleveland down, Polk on the river from Kingston down, Buckner at Knoxville with about 5,000 men. Palmer also learns rebels uneasy about Rome. Road to Harrison similar to road we have passed over. Will send you to-day Palmer's written report,*together with sketch of position at Harrison.

I would respectfully suggest that if we are likely to remain here ling enough our supply train be unloaded and all sent back to McMinnville and Tracy City for additional supplies.

T. L. CRITTENDEN,

Major-General, Commanding.
HEADQUARTERS TWENTY-FIRST ARMY CORPS,Dunlap, August 22, 1863-6 p. m.

(Via Tracy City, 5 a. m., 23rd.)

Bridagier-General GARFIELD,

Chief of Staff:

I dispatched you this morning at length. I have just learned from Wood that Wilder's train has been waiting at Tracy City for supplies, and thus far failed to procure them. Palmer and Van Cleve have both sent to McMinnville for supplies. Must Wood send there also? I suggest it would be most convenient for all for Wood to send to Tracy City. Forward mail matter belonging to this corps if possible.

CRITTENDEN,

Major-General.

AUGUST 22, 1863.

[Major-General CRITTENDEN:]

On the other side is the last news from General Wagner. I have just returned from and excursion over Walden's Ridge. We could discover nothing of importance. My division is in splendid condition, and will be ready to drive on whenever the general says the word. I sent you statement of 2 deserters from two Arkansas regiments, who came in to-day.

Respectfully, your obedient servant,

TH. J. WOOD,

Brigadier-General, Commanding.

[Indorsement.]

Rebel forces reported at Decatur, Bainbridge, Courtland, and Tuscumbia. General Forrest is reported at Courtland. The courier will wait for answer at Huntsville.

JAMES D. MORGAN,

Brigadier-General.

---------------

*See p. 120.

---------------

