
[Inclosure.]

THERMAN, August 21, 1863.

General GARFIELD:

SIR: I have no news of importance; have a fair view of Chattanooga, the valley of the river, and a camp some 2 miles long is seen in the rear of the city, some 3 or 4 miles. A cloud of dust has just been seen in the valley, going in the direction of the city; it is probably Wilder. I have no word from him. I sent you last night a dispatch; am getting uneasy for fear the couriers were captured, as they have not returned. The army is in Chattanooga certainly; how large a force, I have no idea.

G. D. WAGNER,

Brigadier-General.
HDQRS. FIRST DIVISION, TWENTY-FIRST ARMY CORPS,Therman, August 22, 1863. (Via Tracy City, 23rd.)

General GARFIELD,

Chief of Staff:

I have the honor to send you, for information of the general commanding the department, the following reports just received from General Wagner and Colonel Wilder. Have you any information of the reports that the rebels are leaving?

Very respectfully,

TH. J. WOOD,

Brigadier-General.

[Inclosure Numbers 1.]
HDQRS. FIRST BRIG., FOURTH DIV., 14TH ARMY CORPS,Opposite Chattanooga, August 22, 1863.

(Via Tracy City, 5 a. m., 23rd.)

General J. A. GARFIELD,

Chief of Staff:

I believe that the rebels are leaving Chattanooga. I distinctly saw two locomotives leave there drawing eight other locomotives to-day at 1 p. m. There does not appear to be as many troops in the vicinity as there was yesterday.

I am, sir very truly, your obedient servant,

J. T. WILDER,

Colonel, Commanding.

[Inclosure Numbers 2]

7 MILES FROM CHATTANOOGA,

August 22, 1863.

General GARFIELD,

Chief of Staff:

After comparing notes with Colonel Wilder, and watching the enemy all day, I am of the opinion that some important move is taking place, but what it is I cannot tell. I think a part of the force has left, as many of the camps have disappeared since yesterday. Trains of cars arrive and leave constantly. One train left to-day on the Atlanta railroad, in which two engines were drawing eight others. What can this mean? All my staff and Colonel Wilder's saw the locomotives, only two of which were fired up. They act strangely,

