
if they are not leaving, or are trying to draw us out. Several glasses are watching them all the time, and I will report to you all we learn. Wilder's battery is there; will shell them again this evening.

If I had a division here I would soon learn what they are doing. If you will come out with another brigade, I will agree to go with Colonel Wilder 4 miles above town to ford and cover his crossing, at the same time making a show of force in front. You, in the mean time, can see every movement the enemy make from the bluff. If they concentrate in one direction, we can attack in another. Of one thing I am sure, General Crittenden, by quick movement, can take the bluff; but if he will do nothing, he may allow you to ascertain whether the enemy are leaving; at least there is no danger to us, and we can keep them off the right. I have sent a company of Wilder's men to clear my rear of guerrillas; have not as yet heard from them. I will be out of rations in the morning. Are you going to send more to me? There is nothing here in the country.

Your obedient servant,

G. D. WAGNER.

Brigadier-General, Commanding.
HEADQUARTERS TWENTY-FIRST ARMY CORPS,Dunlap, August 22 1863-2.40 p. m.

Brigadier-General WOOD,

Therman:

Your dispatch, &amp;c., received. The general commanding directs me to state that on the first intimation that you need help troops shall be forthcoming, but he does not believe the report. Perhaps it is some of our own troops returning. He desires to hear from you as soon as you have further information.

P. P. OLDERSHAW,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

THERMAN, August 22, 1863-4 p. m.

Captain OLDERSHAW:

I am inclined to the opinion, as I was when I first heard the report of the advance of the enemy, that it was greatly exaggerated by the citizens. I think it probable a party of rebel cavalry is in the lower part of the valley foraging and observing our movements, and probably moved up the valley this morning, which they might do with impunity. This party would readily magnify into a large number.

I have had the country examined 4 miles out, but can hear nothing further of the enemy.

TH. J. WOOD,

Brigadier-General of Volunteers, Commanding.
HDQRS. SECOND DIVISION, TWENTY-FIRST ARMY CORPS,Dunlap, Tenn., August 22, 1863.

[Captain P. P. OLDERSHAW,

Assistant Adjutant-General, Twenty-first Army Corps:]

CAPTAIN: I have the honor to report in continuation of my report of the 20th instant that I left Poe's Tavern on yesterday morning (21st) at 6 o'clock with Lieutenant-Colonel Starling, chief of staff,

