HDQRS. FIRST BRIG., FOURTH DIV., 14TH ARMY CORPS,Foot of Mountain, Anderson Road, August 22, 1863.

Major-General PALMER,

General HAZEN, or

Colonel FUNKHOUSER, Ninety-eighth Illinois:

I am directed by Colonel Wilder to say to you that we opened fire on Chattanooga at 10.30 a. m. yesterday, and shelled the enemy's works at intervals until 5 p. m., they replying with nineteen guns, all small, except one 32-pounder rifled. They did not use them all at any one time, however. The place is well fortified; not many troops to be seen in the town or vicinity; best information puts them below here. Prisoners say it is well understood that this is only a feint, and that the real point of attack is down the river. An intelligent contraband who lives at the foot of Lookout Mountain, on this side of the river, reports troops passing all night; thinks they were cavalry. No force this side the river, except a few bushwhackers in the mountains. We are scouting the country and watching the river to-day. All quiet in town this morning.

Colonel Funkhouser will watch the river closely at Harrison's Landing, and be careful that Dibrell's brigade, of Forrest's division, does not come in on him from above. He is reported this side the river. Should the brigade at Poe's Tavern fall back, please advise us when it does and to what point it goes. We will remain here for orders.

I am, generals and colonel, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

ALEX. A. RICE,

Captain and Assistant Adjutant-General.
HDQRS. THIRD DIVISION, TWENTY-FIRST ARMY CORPS,August 22, 1863-1 a. m.

Lieutenant Colonel LYNE STARLING,

Chief of Staff, Twenty-first Army Corps:

COLONEL: Have received the inclosed communication from Colonel Minty. Shall send him all the supplies possible early in the morning, which I fear will not amount to one half-day's rations for his command. His command was not supplied when it came here,and I have been obliged to furnish him from my own stores.

The road over the Walden's Hill from this place is said to be impassable for loaded teams. The road from Dunlap is reported to be the only practicable route from this part of the valley.

Very respectfully, your most obedient servant,

H. P. VAN CLEVE,

Brigadier-General, Commanding Division.

[Iclosure]
HDQRS. FIRST BRIGADE, SECOND CAVALRY DIVISION,Morganton, Tenn., August 21, 1863.

Captain OTIS,

Asst. Adjt. General, Third Div., Twenty-first Army Corps:

SIR: I arrived at this place at 9 this a. m., and immediately sent scouts to Blythe's Ferry and Washington. The scouts to Washing-

