
ton drove a force of 150 rebels before them from this place across the Tennessee River below Washington.

The scouts to Blythe's Ferry found the enemy (two Mississippi regiments, under Colonel Lowrey) busy throwing up intrenchments across the river, which is from 700 to 800 yards wide at that point. On my men leaving the river bank they were fired on and one of the Fourth Regulars severely wounded. There is no artillery at the ferry, but it is expected daily.

My rations run out in the morning. I must depend upon you to supply me. Forage is not so plentiful as you appeared to think. There is very little corn to be had. The position here is not good. I must keep possession of the brow of the mountain. Fifty men ought to be able to prevent a division from ascending.

I am, respectfully, your obedient servant,

R. H. G. MINTY,

Colonel, Commanding Cavalry.

When sending supplies I wish you would send as many of my men as possible. Major Gray, Fourth Michigan, is in command of the camp.
HDQRS. THIRD DIVISION, TWENTY-FIRST ARMY CORPS,Pikeville, Tenn., August 22, 1863.

Lieutenant Colonel LYNE STARLING,

Chief of Staff, Twenty-first Army Corps:

COLONEL: I send to Colonel Minty this morning five days' rations for his men. I learn on further inquiry that he had reference to forage when he told me that he would not leave here a day's rations. He reports forage not abundant across the mountain, but I presume he can subsist his horses.

I sent aa parti this morning to work the road toward Morganton over the mountain. Captain Abeel has orders to establish courier line to Dunlap.

Very respectfully,

H. P. VAN CLEVE,

Brigadier-General, Commanding Division.
HEADQUARTERS CHIEF OF CAVALRY,Stevenson, August 22, 1863.

Colonel C. GODDARD,

Assistant Adjutant-General:

COLONEL: Inclosed please find report of the result of the expedition to find the head of General Johnson's column. The other telegram spoken of was not received at this office to my knowledge. The absence of the general is my reason for sending this without the indorsement of "Respectfully forwarded," &amp;c.

I am, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

WM. H. SINCLAIR,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

