
Have not heard from Colonel Graham. Colonel Wolford's men will be at Albany in evening; will push troops down to the ford to-day and commence work on it. Will not probably be able to get train up till late tomorrow; it did not all arrive at Buck Creek till this morning. Men in good spirits.

GEO. L. HARTSUFF,

Major-General.

SOMERSET, KY., August 22, 1863.

General BURNSIDE:

The rear of the last brigade is just passing. It is 9 miles to the ford. My headquarters train and staff had been gone some time when your message was received. I had directed Colonel Wolford to establish a courier line to me with all short intervals, so as to communicate with me quickly, Poe has gone forward, and will have the road repaired, as much as it is susceptible of, in ample time for the train. I will have everything over if possible tomorrow night, but can scarcely hope for it. I think I can hurry matters by being at the ford instead of here. Wolford will go to Monticello with the remainder of his command, and look after our rear and communications. All the supplies he needs are on the way from Camp Nelson.

I hardly know what to do about the Gazette correspondent; is so far now, I fear, if disposed and malicious, he may do as much harm as by going. I will move forward immediately and inform you at London of the appearance and condition of things on my arrival.

GEO. L. HARTSUFF,

Major-General.

CAMP ON BLUFF,

South Bank Cumberland, August 22, 1863.

General BURNSIDE:

Arrived here about 3 o'clock. Never saw such bad roads. The division stopped on north side. It made 20 miles to-day, and remarkably well until the last 4 or 5 miles. The road will require much repairing. Ford is in good condition. A thousand men, all that can work to advantage beside the Engineer Battalion, will repair the road tomorrow, and all the wagons that go up to the river will be crossed. It will be a miracle if all cross. The road this side for 5 to 7 miles is very bad; that over, our serious troubles in the way of transportation I hope will end. Will keep you informed of progress tomorrow. People here and beyond knew of our coming, and were expecting us days ago.

GEO. L. HARTSUFF.

COLUMBUS, KY., August 23, 1863-6 a. m.

(Received 1.30 p. m.)

Major General H. W. HALLECK,

General-in-Chief:

I will be here and at Cairo until tomorrow, when I will leave on first boat down the river.

U. S. GRANT,

Major-General.

