
CAIRO, ILL., August 23, 1863.

(Received 12.30 a. m., 24th.)

Major-General HALLECK,

Washington:

All quiet at Vicksburg. Crocker will lead an expedition against Trinity and Harrisonburg from Natchez, and Stevenson one from Goodrich's Landing, against Monroe, starting about Wednesday or Thursday next. This, with Steele's move, I think will clear Louisiana side of the river to mouth of Red River. It is so secure on the river now that I think the Mississippi might be declared opened for through trade. The expedition through Central Mississippi was compelled to burn the cars it had gone to save. The enemy ran them south of Grenada and destroyed the bridges. There were 57 locomotives and about 400 cars. I would like 3,000 sets of horse equipments ordered to Vicksburg to enable me to mount infantry in case of emergency.

U. S. GRANT,

Major-General.
HEADQUARTERS DISTRICT OF MEMPHIS,August 23, 1863.

Lieutenant Col HENRY BINMORE,

Assistant Adjutant-General:

SIR: I have just received copies of General Grierson's Orders, Numbers 5, assigning the Sixth and Seventh Illinois Cavalry and the Third U. S. Cavalry to brigades out of this division. I have no doubt that this action is in accordance with the orders of Major-General Hurlbut, but I have no official notice from headquarters Sixteenth Army Corps that these troops have been removed from my division. The commanding officers of the Sixth and Seventh Cavalry send these orders to me with inquiries whether they shall obey them or not.

Having been attached to this division by the order of Major-General Hurlbut, they feel bound to obey orders only from these headquarters. You will greatly oblige me, and relieve these officers from difficulty, by sending me an order detaching these troops from my command, if such be the desire of the major-general commanding.

Respectfully,

JAMES C. VEATCH,

Brigadier-General.
HDQRS. FOURTH BRIG., FIFTH DIV., 16TH ARMY CORPS,Memphis, Tenn., August 23, 1863.

JAMES O. PIERCE,

Assistant Adjutant-General, District of Memphis:

MAJOR: I send a soldier by the name of Conners, Company A, Ninth Illinois Cavalry; says he left a foraging company at Coldwater, after their being attacked, day before yesterday; that the party had to abandon their horses, &amp;c., and that he is the only one who has as yet come in. He tells a rather strange story.

I have the honor to be, major, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

THOMAS J. KINNEY,

Colonel, Commanding Fourth Brigade.

9 R R-VOL XXX, PT III

