HDQRS. FIRST DIVISION, FOURTEENTH ARMY CORPS,Camp Dawson, Tenn., August 12, 1863.

Lieutenant Colonel GEORGE E. FLYNT,

Asst. Adjt. General and Chief of Staff:

COLONEL: I have the honor to report the following:

The First and Second Brigades of my command left camp near Tantalon Station yesterday at 8 a.m.,and arrived at this point at 5 o'clock last evening ;are now encamped at Blue Springs,on the railroad and creek,4 miles below Anderson,and where there are good camping grounds and an abundance of good water. The transportation of the command is nearly all up and is in good condition. The loss of wagons will not exceed four or five in number. Supplies of the command have been unloaded at Anderson.

I respectfully suggest that in future supplies for the First and Second Brigades,coming by railroad,be unloaded at this point,and that if the supplies for the entire division must be unloaded at one place that they be unloaded here,as it will be easier to haul the supplies of the other two brigades from there here. Will it not be better also to have the telegraph office at the headquarters of the division?

As there is no topographical engineer on staff of Major-General Rousseau, I have instructed the topographical engineer of the Second Brigade to make map of the road and country over which the command passed,giving all desirable information,and as soon as same is completed will forward to you.

In compliment to Major Dawson,commanding Third Brigade, I have ordered that this camp be called Camp Dawson.

I am,colonel,very respectfully,your obedient servant,

JOHN C. STARKWEATHER,

Brigadier-General, Commanding .

ORDERS.
HDQRS. FIRST DIVISION,14TH ARMY CORPS,Camp Dawson, August12, 1863.

Commanding Officers First, Second,and Third Brigades:

1. The mummers orders heretofore issued from these headquarters in regard to the burning of rails by this command seem to be greatly disregarded. Commanding officers of regiments,battalions,companies,and detachments are directed to at once put a stop to the burning of rails;and the destruction of fences any part of this command is prohibited.

2. No forage will be taken by any part of this command without proper authority obtained from these headquarters,and then when taken proper vouchers must be given.

By command of Brig. General J. C. Starkweather:

E. CARY,

Captain and Acting Assistant Adjutant-General.

