
directions, and found no enemy on this side the river, except a few bushwhackers on the mountain. In the afternoon we took two rifled guns and shelled the works from the same place occupied the day before. The enemy replied with small guns and one 32-pounder. We lost nothing. Lilly did fine shooting. Deserters report 3 men killed and 11 wounded as the result of our first day's shelling. We want 200 fuse-shells and 200 percussion-shells for our 3-inch rifled Rodman guns.

Three deserters, who came yesterday, report Bragg's army 20,000 strong, and scattered from Kingston to Bridgeport, the greater part of them, however, at Chattanooga and in the vicinity. They report Johnston not yet here, but looked for daily with 20,000.

On shelling the town yesterday, a good deal of activity was displayed in their camp, leading us to the conclusion that their forces have suffered no decrease in numbers. Prisoners report that a train of soldiers arrived here day before yesterday. We send train of pack-mules to Therman to-day for rations. Have no word from Colonel Funkhouser. Yesterday, at 2 p. m., a train left Chattanooga on the Atlanta road pulling eight engines. The hills this side command all the works on the other side except one small one. With proper force of artillery on the hills this side, we can easily bring away the pontoon-bridge of forty-seven boats by night, now lying along the other shore.

Lieutenant Dewey had great difficulty in getting the commissary at Cowan to let him have any rations. He, however, succeeded in getting six days' rations, which will keep us from suffering until we can get more-if the commissary of subsistence at Cowan will issue to us. If you can send the ammunition to Tracy City, we will get it from there. We would be glad to hear from you. Send us some papers. All fords on the river are strongly fortified and well defended.

By order of Colonel Wilder:

A. A. RICE,

Captain ant Assistant Adjutant-General.

STEVENSON, August 23, 1863.

Brigadier-General LYTLE,

Commanding at Bridgeport:

Have you heard anything further of the fire and firing last night?

By order of Major-General Rosecrans:

JOS. C. McKIBBIN,

Aide-de-Camp.

STEVENSON, August 23, 1863-11 a. m.

Major-General CRITTENDEN,

Dunlap:

The general commanding desires you to report, and send lists of all prisoners taken, including all deserters, giving their regiments, brigades, and division. He wishes especial care to be taken in this matter, that we may ascertain if any new troops have been sent to Bragg.

C. GODDARD,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

