
man the works and guard the crossings against a small force. The main force is no doubt below somewhere. You may ask me, how we can do anything to change this? If they do not send re-enforcemets, we can cross the river at least and cut the railroad above and below the city, and if they re-enforce this place strongly and prevent our crossing we still have done some good, as there will be less men to fight somewhere else. Wilder insists he can ford the river and cut the railroad, if supported. Whether this is so or not you can tell as well as any one, possibly better. I send to you McGraw, who will give you all explanations about the matter.

I must have rations, as we are out; I have found plenty of water for the whole division, if it is desired at any time to move up here, but it will not last long.

Very respectfully, yours.

TH. J. WOOD,

Brigadier-General.

P. S.-This is the latest news from General Wagner.

STEVENSON, ALA.,

August 23, 1863.

Major-General CRITTENDEN,

Commanding Twenty-first Army Corps, Dunlap:

Your dispatch received, also Wagner's and Palmer's reports. Empty part of your wagons into the rest and send to Tracy City for supplies. Minty's movement is as strange to me as yourself. Your directions correct. The movement of Burnside, who will be in Jamestown by Tuesday night, will cover that flank. Notify Van Cleve and direct him to open communications with Burnside, if possible. This movement will renew the apprehensions of many that we mean to advance in that direction. Direct Van Cleve to keep himself supplied and ready to move.

W. S. ROSECRANS,

Major-General.
HEADQUARTERS U. S. FORCES,Poe's Tavern, August 23, 1863-4 p. m.

Captain J. R. MUHLEMAN,

Assistant Adjutant-General, &amp;c.:

A conscript just in from Harrison (having swam the Tennessee early this morning, and being well known in this neighborhood as truthful) says that two brigades passed up the river in great haste last evening for Blythe's Ferry and Hiwassee; that they went so rapidly that a great many stragglers were left in the rear, and their train of 40 wagons went at a trot. I have reports to-day, which I believe reliable, that all the crossings near here and above have been considerably re-enforced. The conscript says they are expecting an attack above. I have sent Funkhouser to-day 12 miles above

Very respectfully,

W. B. HAZEN,

Brigadier-General.

