HDQRS. THIRD DIVISION, TWENTY-FIRST ARMY CORPS,Pikeville, Tenn., August 23, 1863-5.15 a. m.

Lieutenant Colonel LYNE STARLING,

Chief of Staff, Twenty-first Army Corps:

COLONEL. Dispatch of last evening received during the night. Do not know the extent of supplies now at McMinnville. They are abundant, and are coming there more rapidly than I can haul them to this point. Much of the bacon that is brought here is damaged-one fourth of the last lot. It is trying, to transport damaged bacon at this time.

Colonel Minty has every available man and horse with him, and urges sending him more. Have not heard from him since my last report. We thought we heard artillery occasionally in the direction of Blythe's Ferry yesterday. Sent my engineer and a party to repair road over the mountain, yesterday. He has returned, and gives a very favorable report of it.

I am, very respectfully, your most obedient servant.

H. P. VAN CLEVE,

Brigadier General, Comdg. Third Div., Twenty-first Army Corps.
HDQRS. THIRD DIVISION, TWENTY-FIRST ARMY CORPS,Pikeville, August 23, 1863-8.20 a. m.

Lieutenant Colonel LYNE STARLING,

Chief of Staff, Twenty-first Army Corps:

COLONEL: I inclose copy of letter just received from Colonel Minty. The courier from Colonel Minty says he did not hear any firing of artillery yesterday.

Very respectfully,

H. P. VAN CLEVE,

Brigadier-General, Commanding Division.

[Inclosure]
HDQRS. FIRST BRIGADE, SECOND CAVALRY DIVISION,Smith's Cross-Roads, August 23, 1863-3 a. m.

Captain OTIS,

Asst. Adjt. General, Third Div., Twenty-first Army Corps:

SIR: I sent a scout of 6 men to the river last night; they have this moment returned, with the information that the enemy are crossing at Blythe's Ferry and at the mouth of Sale Creek.

My position here is, as I stated in my last, not good. The enemy, crossing at Sale Creek, can place themselves between me and our forces at or near Poe's; those crossing at Blythe's can attack me in front, with the ground in their favor, while Forrest can take me in flank and rear, completely surrounding me.

I will move immediately in the direction of Poe's Tavern, so as to prevent their coming between me and that place, and to enable me in case of an attack by a superior force to fall back there for support. Until you hear further from me all communications from you will have to be sent via Poe's. Lieutenant Roys arrived with the wagons last evening.

I am, respectfully, your obedient servant,

R. H. G. MINTY,

Colonel, Commanding.

