
assembled at Camp Nelson, you will please order them at once to that point to await the arrival of the general commanding division, to whom you will report for duty with your brigade.

I am, colonel, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

SAML. WRIGHT,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

CRAP ORCHARD, KY., August 23, 1863.

Major-General PARKE:

I can move a short distance evening of Tuesday, 25th instant, with infantry and battery, but fear that want of transportation, subsistence for men, and grain for horses will prevent my moving any great distance.

JNumbers F. DE COURCY,

Colonel, Commanding.

WASHINGTON, August 24, 1863.

Major General U. S. GRANT, Vicksburg:

GENERAL: Adjutant-General Thomas has telegraphed to the War Department asking that Brigadier-General Ellet's Marine Brigade be placed on shore duty, and his ram-boats be turned over to you as transports.

The Secretary of War does not approve the conversion of this marine or river brigade into a land brigade, but authorizes you to use any of General Ellet's brigade for temporary shore duty, and any of his boats for temporary transports whenever the exigencies of the service require this use.

This brigade was organized and the men enlisted especially for service as river-men, in conjunction with either the military or naval forces, as circumstances might require. They have already proved themselves valuable auxiliaries, and can probably be used to great advantage against guerrilla parties on the Mississippi and with expeditions up the Arkansas and Red Rivers.

Moreover, as the men have been enlisted for a special service, if that service were entirely changed it might be claimed that they were released from their contract.

Alternate employment on land and water, as circumstances may require, is deemed within the object of the organization. You are therefore authorized to so employ the boats and the men as you may require their services.

It is said by Adjutant-General Thomas that Admiral Porter wishes you to take charge of these boats and the brigade.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

H. W. HALLECK,

General-in-Chief.

STEVENSON, August 24, 1863-11.20.

Major General U. S. GRANT, Vicksburg:

Have you not some locomotives which you can spare for use in my department? We are in great need of five or six immediately.

W. S. ROSECRANS,

Major-General.

