
permitting the transfer were ever received at these headquarters, and, in absence of any official knowledge to contrary, I am obliged to report them absent without leave. If any orders detaching them were issued, will you have the goodness to forward them, that I may keep records straight. I have also to bring to your notice the fact that General Steele took with him the entire records and papers of the division, in fact the entire material of the adjutant-general's office-books, orders, desks, &amp;c. I have to ask that you will issue an order causing them to be returned, as without them the military history of the division is lost.

W. T. SHERMAN,

Major-General.
SPECIAL ORDERS, HDQRS. CAV. DIV., 16TH ARMY CORPS,Numbers 43. Memphis, Tenn., August 24, 1863.

I. In order to carry out the provisions of General Orders, Numbers 5, from these headquarters, dated August 20, 1863, Colonel J. K. Mizner will proceed with the Third Michigan Cavalry from La Grange to Corinth and assume command of the First Brigade at that point. Such portions of the First Brigade as are stationed at Glendale and Danville will remain so until further orders.

II. Such portions of the Second Brigade as are now at Germantown will proceed to La Grange, Tenn., and in the absence of Colonel L. F. McCrillis the ranking officer of the brigade will assume command thereof.

By order of Brigadier General B. H. Grierson:

S. L. WOODWARD,

Assistant Adjutant-General.
HDQRS. FIRST BRIG., SIXTH DIV., 16TH ARMY CORPS,Union City, August 24, 1863.

Captain HOUGH,

Assistant Adjutant-General:

I have the honor to report that on the evening of the 23rd instant. I received satisfactory information that upon the road leading from Hickman, Ky., to Jackson, Tenn., there was a wagon train embracing about twenty-five wagons (and 50 men) loaded with salt, whisky, and dry goods, destined for Faulkner's command. Accordingly I ordered aut a force of 50 cavalry, with instructions to capture train and men, and bring into camp, as reported by telegraph. The expedition was a success, and please find an invoice hastily made of contents of wagons.*

I am informed that the road above mentioned is a regular thoroughfare for smuggling. Is my act as above approved?

Respectfully submitted.

CHAS. H. FOX,

Colonel 101st Regt. Illinois Vol. Infantry, Comdg. Brigade.

---------------

*Omitted.

---------------

