
Report of reconnaissance from Stevenson to Cross' Island, at mouth of Crow Creek, Ala.

1. Only one good road from Stevenson to mouth of Big Crow Creek. Leaves Caperton's Ferry road 1 1/4 miles from town. Good road all the way. Total distance from Stevenson to river, 3 3/4 miles.

2. The river bank opposite the island on this side is covered with thick growth of cane and young timber. Shore slopes gradually, and is easily accessible.

3. Between the northern bank and island is about 200 yards.

4. Current 2 or 3 miles an hour.

5. Island about 200 yards wide, with thick growth of timber, affording good cover for sharpshooters. Banks low and apparently good. A cleared field on the island, near the center. There is a house on the island, with people loving in it, who have a canoe fastened on the north side of the island.

6. It is apparently about 200 yards from island to south bank of river.

7. Cannot see the south bank directly opposite mouth of Crow Creek, but above and below the island it is low, skirted with timber,

with corn-fields back of it. A road up it could easily be made.

8. The ground for a quarter of a mile back from the north bank of river is low and somewhat swampy, and during very wet weather the road would probably be bad. It is now, however, good.

9. No water seen or heard of except a very small spring near the mouth of Crow Creek. There is stock water at the pond marked on the map.*

WM. P. ROCKHILL, JR.,

Captain Company C, Anderson Cavalry.
HEADQUARTERS FOURTEENTH ARMY CORPS,Bolivar, Ala., August 24, 1863-2.30 p. m.

General REYNOLDS:

The commanding general directs that you make details from the Third Division to cut down the banks and improve the crossing of Battle Creek and [to aid] the pioneers for the bridges, &amp;c. The number of pioneers is so small that it would be almost impossible to accomplish the work in time. Send acknowledgment of receipt.

GEO. E. FLYNT,

Lieutenant-Colonel, Asst. Adjt. General, and Chief of Staff.
HEADQUARTERS FOURTEENTH ARMY CORPS,Camp, Bolivar Springs, August 24, 1863.

Brigadier General J. A. GARFIELD,

Chief of Staff:

I have the honor to report that all orders in relation to cutting down the banks and improving the crossings of Battle Creek, building bridges, &c., have been forwarded, and the work is progressing.

Major-General Reynolds reports that the rebels burned the large

---------------

*See p. 148.

---------------

