
ing that it would perhaps be best to send the regiment to Gum Spring,with a detachment into Fauetteville,to remain there while the Governor and party are there.

Very respectfully,your obedient servant,

FRANK S. BOND,

Major and Aide-de-Camp.

HUNTSVILLE, ALA.,

August 12, 1863.

Colonel A. P. CAMPBELL,

Commanding First Brigade:

This command will move at 4.30 a.m.to-morrow to Larkinsville.

Reveille will be sounded at 3.30 a.m.;the general at 4 a.m.

Order of march:Second Brigade;Third Brigade;First Brigade train. One regiment of First Brigade rear guard.

By command of Colonel E. M. McCook:

JNO. PRATT,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

HUNTSVILLE, ALA.,

August 12, 1863.

Colonel L. D. WATKINS,

Commanding Third Brigade:

You will encamp your brigade and establish your headquarters on Flint River,near the road leading from Huntsville to Stevenson,until further orders,and occupy such portions of the railroad between that point and Larkinsville as may be necessary for its protection against any attempt of the enemy's partisans.

* * * * * * *

I am,colonel,your very obedient servant,

EDWARD M. McCOOK,

Colonel, Commanding.
HDQRS. COMPANY F, FIRST MIDDLE TENNESSEE,Shesbyville, Tenn., August 12, 1863.

COLONEL: I have the honor to request,on behalf of myself and some 30 of my company,that you grant us permission to make a scout in the vicinity of our homes in Marion County,so that we may be enabled to visit and provide for our families,whom we have not seen for more than twelve months,and some of them have had their houses and property all destroyed by the rebels and are very much in need of our assistance.

By granting this request you will enable us to relieve our own families and those of others who desire to move them to the rear of our army,so that they can enlist in the same cause and regiment with us,besides being in great measure the means of relieving the wants of many differing women and children.

I am,sir,very respectfully,

JAMES B. ROULSTON,

Second Lieutenant, Comdg. Co. F.first Tenn. Cav.

