
railroad bridge over Running Water Creek, 5 miles above Shellmound Station, this morning. This cuts them off from important coal mines. General Reynolds also reports Colonel Wilder's headquarters at foot of mountain, 5 miles from Chattanooga, and near junction of road to Anderson and Poe's Tavern.

The entire command in good health and condition, with rations sufficient. Has no forage except that gathered from the country, but upon which he subsists animals pretty well, as corn is pretty well matured, better than at Decherd, and some hay can be obtained in the country.

A full supply of artillery ammunition has been forwarded to Colonel Wilder by General Reynolds.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

GEO. H. THOMAS,

Major-General, U. S. Volunteers, Commanding.

Subsequent report from General Reynolds says the floating bridge is completed.

JASPER, August 24, 1863-12.05 a. m.

(Received 12.25 p. m.)

Lieutenant-Colonel FLYNT,

Assistant Adjutant-General, Fourteenth Army Corps:

Information just received states that the rebels burned the large railroad bridge over Running Water Creek, 5 miles above Shellmound Station, this morning. This cuts them off from important coal mines.

REYNOLDS,

Major-General.
HDQRS. FOURTH DIVISION, FOURTEENTH CORPS,Jasper, August 24, 1863-9 a. m.

Lieutenant-Colonel FLYNT,

Assistant Adjutant-General, Fourteenth Army Corps:

COLONEL: Lieutenant Rippetoe, of Eighteenth Indiana (Lilly's) Battery, arrived here from Colonel Wilder's headquarters at daylight this morning. He came by way of Anderson road to Therman, and thence down Sequatchie. Reports Colonel Wilder's headquarters at foot of mountain, 5 miles from Chattanooga, and near junction of roads to Anderson and Poe's Tavern. The entire command is in good health and condition. Has had rations sufficient since leaving. Has no forage except that gathered from the country, but upon which he subsists animals well, as corn is pretty well matured (better than about Decherd), and some hay to be had in the country. Lieutenant Rippetoe has just left with full supply of artillery ammunition for Colonel Wilder. He returns by same road he came. Colonel Monroe, One hundred and twenty third Illinois, with 20 men, left here at 2 p. m. yesterday for Colonel Wilder's command. He goes via Haley's road. Two hours later Lieutenant Roulston, with few (about 22) men, left, to pass over same route and return via Cut-off and Narrows, or, if possible, by Kelley's Ferry.

Respectfully, &amp;c.,

J. J. REYNOLDS,

Major-General.

