
20 miles above with 5,000 cavalry. All means of crossing the river are carefully removed to the south side of the same.

I am, colonel, very respectfully, yours to command,

J. T. WILDER,

Colonel, Commanding Brigade.

P. S.-On the 22nd we shelled the rebels at Harrison's, and dismounted a rifled gun just being brought to bear on our battery, killing and wounding 12 rebels. Our loss, 1 slightly wounded.

WILDER.
HEADQUARTERS TWENTIETH ARMY CORPS,Near Stevenson, August 24, 1863.

Major General P. H. SHERIDAN,

Commanding Third Division:

GENERAL: General McCook wishes you to instruct General Lytle to guard and examine the ford at the head of the island opposite Bridgeport; and also, if found practicable, to have flats or boats constructed out of lumber or canvas, and a small force of sharpshooters sent across the river at the ford to drive the enemy's pickets from the opposite bank, and to ascertain, if possible, what they are doing. Water-marks should be placed at the ford to mark daily the exact depth of the water there.

The general directs also that you furnish General Negley a statement, showing the number and disposition of your troops at the Crow Creek bridges, and he will relieve them by details from his command.

I have the honor to be, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

G. P. THRUSTON,

Assistant Adjutant-General and Chief of Staff.
HEADQUARTERS U. S. FORCES,At Mouth Battle Creek, August 24, 1863.

Brigadier-General LYTLE,

Commanding at Bridgeport, &amp;c.:

GENERAL: One of Captain Rice's men deserted and came in this afternoon. I have sent him to Brigadier-General Brannan, up the creek. The man said the companies you fired on this morning have retreated to the mountains; that no one was hurt by your shots, but badly scared. He said that Rice understood you had crossed over at Bridgeport, and this afternoon he gathered up his men and left for the hills. The deserter's name is Pendergrass, and his home at or near Bridgeport. There is a smoke as of a camp across the river a short distance above this point.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

F. VAN DERVEER,

Colonel, Commanding Brigade, &c.

