HEADQUARTERS DEPARTMENT OF THE CUMBERLAND,August 24, 1863.

Major-General CRITTENDEN,

Dunlap, Tenn.:

The general commanding directs that you open communication with Major-General Reynolds.

J. P. DROUILLARD,

Captain and Aide-de-Camp.

DUNLAP, August 24, 1863.

Brigadier-General GARFIELD,

Chief of Staff:

I have your dispatch concerning register of prisoners, nothing more. I anxiously await instructions concerning supplies. Palmer's train is in this morning from McMinnville, only partly loaded with commissary supplies, there being not enough there to fill thirty wagons, and there are none, I learn, at Tracy City. Bridgeport would be a more desirable point to draw from for my whole command, if the road in your judgment is safe.

A deserter from Harrison, who swam the river yesterday, states that two brigades passed up the river in great haste evening before for Blythe's Ferry. Straggling excessive from the great speed, and their train of forty wagons went at a trot.

Hazen believes that all the crossings near him have been considerably re-enforced.

In clause 4 of marching orders you state Minty will act under orders of Van Cleve, according to special instructions of the general commanding. I should like to know these orders, if any. I am all the time uneasy about Van Cleve's exposed left. Have the troops from Carthage and Kentucky moved, and when will his brigade at McMinnville be relieved?

T. L. CRITTENDEN,

Major-General, Commanding Twenty-first Army Corps.
HEADQUARTERS DEPARTMENT OF THE CUMBERLAND,August 24, 1863-11.05 p. m.

Major-General CRITTENDEN,

Dunlap, Tenn.:

The general commanding directs me to say that Colonel Minty's command is under your direct orders. That the object of your expedition will be attained by holding your present position, taking care of Van Cleve. Burnside will close in on your left.

The general commanding desires you to ration yourself up as far as you can, sending a portion of your train to McMinnville and a portion to Bridgeport. A small train guard will be sufficient.

Rations will be sent to McMinnville at once.

J. P. DROUILLARD,

Captain and Aide-de-Camp.

Van Duzer will please put this through.

