HDQRS. THIRD DIVISION, TWENTY-FIRST ARMY CORPS,Pikeville, August 24, 1863.

Lieutenant Colonel LYNE STARLING,

Chief of Staff, Twenty-first Army Corps:

COLONEL: I inclose communication from Colonel Minty received this morning. You will find him all right.

Citizens report that many of Forrest's command have been crossing to the south side of the Tennessee for several days.

I have every reason to believe from reports that a large portion of Dibrell's command has left Sparta and crossed the head of this valley. Expect reliable information from Sparta this evening.

My train of forty wagons for rations this morning.

Very respectfully, your most obedient servant,

H. P. VAN CLEVE,

Brigadier-General, Commanding Division.

[Inclosure.]
HDQRS. FIRST BRIGADE, SECOND CAVALRY DIVISION,Sale Creek Camp Ground, August 23, 1863.

Captain OTIS,

Asst. Adjt. General, Third Div., Twenty-first Army Corps:

SIR: I moved from Morgan's and Smith's Cross-Roads at 5 o'clock this a. m. to this place, 6 miles down the valley, and opened communication with Poe's. I have sent a scout to the ford at the mouth of Sale Creek, and will tomorrow morning move back toward the crossroads, searching the river as I move. I will communicate with you on my arrival at the cross-roads.

I am, respectfully, your obedient servant,

R. H. G. MINTY,

Colonel, Commanding.

I sent scouts to within 2 miles of Washington and Blythe's Ferry this morning. They saw nothing of the enemy.

NASHVILLE, August 24, 1863-11.45 a. m.

Brigadier G n. J. A. GARFIELD:

I telegraphed General Stanley yesterday in reference to arming and equipping the Tennessee cavalry at this post. He agreed with me that it should be done at once. It will require 1,000 sets of horse equipments. Will you please order Captain Townsend to issue all necessary articles immediately upon their arrival. I think it vitally important at this juncture to have every available man mounted and fit for field service.

G. GRANGER,

Major-General, Commanding.

NASHVILLE, August 24, 1863-1.45 a. m.

General J. A. GARFIELD:

After the Tennessee cavalry move from here it will be impossible to guarantee the supplying of your army unless you send me two or three good regiments of cavalry to protect the lines of communication. What can be done?

G. GRANGER,

Major-General.

