
STEVENSON, August 24, 1863-2 p. m.

Major General G. GRANGER,

Nashville:

Captain Townsend will be ordered to supply your cavalry with equipments as soon as they arrive. No additional cavalry force can be spared from the front. You will have to use your infantry to guard the lines of communication. The advance brigade on the Columbia line must be immediately thrown forward to Athens without regard to their communications on than line. They can be supplied this way by the Huntsville railroad. The line, via Columbia, is of secondary importance for the present. You must provide for the certain and efficient protection of this line first, and push the other as fast as possible without endangering this. The advance must at once move to Athens.

By order of Major-General Rosecrans:

C. GODDARD,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

NASHVILLE, August 24, 1863-12.30 p. m.

General ROSECRANS:

Morgan arrived at Columbia yesterday morning with one brigade, via Shelbyville and Farmington, and will at once go to work on Duck River railroad bridge. McCook's brigade is putting up bridges from Franklin to Duck River. I must have all the pioneers belonging to the Reserve Corps. There is much heavy work on this road.

G. GRANGER,

Major-General.

NASHVILLE, August 24, 1863.

General ROSECRANS:

Dispatch to the Commercial was brought to these headquarters and was examined by me. It does not give the information of movements of late date, as was to be found published in full in the Louisville Journal, and was obtained from officers of this city, who had arrived the day previous from the front.

R. S. GRANGER,

Brigadier-General.

NASHVILLE, TENN., August 24, 1863.

Colonel A. A. SMITH,

Fort Donelson:

Send one regiment by way of Waverly and Pine Wood to Columbia to report to Colonel Dan. McCook. All the supplies that can be hauled in the regimental wagons will be taken. Report time of departure. Tell the commanding officer to clear the country of guerrillas as he goes.

By order of Major-General Granger:

W. C. RUSSELL,

Captain and Assistant Adjutant-General.

