
CAMP NELSON, KY., August 24, 1863.

Colonel BOWEN,

Assistant Adjutant-General:

Colonel Christ's brigade has arrived here with instructions to report to me. Are they assigned to this division? I want to know that I may draw transportation for them.

ED. FERRERO,

Brigadier-General.

CRAB ORCHARD, KY.,

August 24, 1863.

Major-General PARKE:

I move tomorrow morning with infantry and battery. Ninth and Eleventh Tennessee Cavalry joined to-day. The Eighth Tennessee will probably be here to-night. The cavalry and infantry are principally composed of raw, undrilled troops. The supply of ammunition is only 40 rounds in pouches, two of the cavalry regiments not even having that amount, and no revolvers. Battery is badly provided with caissons, not filled, and even not enough blank cartridges for the shells in the caissons. A complete reserve supply of ammunition should be forwarded at once for the battery, with a large amount of blank cartridges. I have telegraphed the ordnance officer at camp Nelson for these articles, but fear he cannot supply me. I have about four days' horses. I respectfully request that the commissary, quartermaster's, and ordnance departments be ordered to supply all my wants immediately, otherwise I shall find it difficult to advance beyond London.

JNumbers F. DE COURCY,

Colonel, Commanding.
HEADQUARTERS NINTH ARMY CORPS,Lexington, Ky., August 24, 1863.

POSTMASTER,

Nicholasville, Ky.:

SIR: I have the honor to inform you that headquarters of the First Division, Ninth Army Corps, General Ferrero commanding, is near Hickman's Bridge, Ky. Headquarters of Second Division, Ninth Army Corps, General Potter commanding, is near Nicholasville, Ky., and headquarters of the Third Brigade, Second Division, Ninth Army Corps, is for the present near Crab Orchard. You are requested to forward all mail matter for the above-named divisions and brigade to the respective places named without delay.

By command of Major-General Parke:

SAML. WRIGHT,

Assistant Adjutant-General.
HEADQUARTERS TWENTY-THIRD ARMY CORPS,Camp on Cumberland, Ky., August 24, 1863.

Brigadier General M. S. HASCALL,

Comdg. Third Division, Twenty-third Army Corps:

GENERAL: Move your division forward tomorrow, as follows:

Gilbert's brigade as far toward Chitwood's as he can go without forc-

