
ing the march. The cattle herd will be directed to accompany him. Cameron's brigade will move, if possible, to the place where Gilbert encamps to-night, or to some place in its vicinity where there is water and which your division supply train will be able to reach. The general supply and ammunition train under Captain Lunt will be guarded by Wolford. You will have to furnish a suitable guard for your own train only.

General Burnside will be at Chitwood's tomorrow night, and I want Gilbert to get as near them as possible; to be within supporting distance of him, if necessary, and to fulfill as far as is at all possible the instructions to effect a junction with Carter's command at Chitwood's. Keep his train up and find a good place for camp. He will report back to you and forward to General Burnside at Chitwood's.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

GEO. L. HARTSUFF,

Major-General, Commanding.
HEADQUARTERS TWENTY-THIRD ARMY CORPS,Camp on Cumberland, Ky., August 24, 1863.

Colonel FRANK WOLFORD,

Commanding Independent Cavalry Brigade:

Move to this place with the main body of your command and all the supplies you can get and have transportation for, both of subsistence and forage. Arrived at the river you will act as guard for the ammunition and general supply train until further instructions.

Leave at Somerset ant at Monticello a sufficient number to scout the country well in the neighborhood of each place, and in front of Monticello. Near Huntsville that portion of your command which went to Albany, and that now with the Second Brigade of Carter's division, will join you, and you will probably be relieved from the guard of the train.

Make arrangements for continuing the couriers to the telegraph office at Somerset until we arrive at Chitwood's. Put the matter in the hands of some competent officer, with full instructions. The stations must be about 5 miles apart, and not more than 3 men at each. Report to me immediately by the courier's line whether your supplies have arrived, when you will start, what number you will bring, and what leave. Your own train will come in rear of all the others. Captain Lunt, assistant quartermaster, is the quartermaster in charge of the train.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

GEO. L. HARTSUFF,

Major-General, Commanding.

WASHINGTON, August 25, 1863-4.35 p. m.

Major-General GRANT:

Richmond dispatches just received state that Fort Sumter is in ruins, and General Gillmore had given notice that he would shell Charleston yesterday.

EDWIN M. STANTON.

(Copy to General Rosecrans and General Burnside.)

