
SHERMAN'S HEADQUARTERS,

August 25, 1863.

General McPHERSON,

Vicksburg:

I regretted much you did not come out yesterday The ladies and folks generally seemed to enjoy the visit. Next time give me a little more notice, and I will make arrangements to bring out to my camps some refreshments, and be prepared to send them back to the cars before dark. Such excursions not only give pleasure, but do good.

I heard from various sources that my cavalry got safely into Grenada, and smashed things generally. I do not think the enemy will attempt to follow that far, and if he does that the Memphis forces will be there to act in concert with mine. Jackson was completely deceived, and sent me word that we had outwitted him. I am satisfied that there is no infantry this side of the Pearl, and we can defy all the cavalry of the Confederacy on this line. Still I will be very cautious till Monroe expedition is back. Stevenson should strike quick and recover. I want the first news of Steele. He is too slow for this work, and wants spurring. All well with me.

SHERMAN.

SHERMAN'S HEADQUARTERS,

August 25, 1863.

General DENNIS,

Black River Bridge:

DEAR GENERAL: General Osterhaus is assigned to the corps, and asks for the First Division, with which he served at Helena. I want to oblige you, and would like to know what are your preferences. General Ewing, commanding Fourth Division, wants a leave, but William Sooy Smith will be a major-general, and will soon return to command that division. Morgan L. Smith will also soon be here to command my Second Division. I want to know your wish before I make any orders.

W. T. SHERMAN,

Major-General.
HDQRS. THIRD BRIG., DIV., 16TH ARMY CORPS,Helena Ark., August 25, 1863.

Lieutenant Colonel H. BINMORE,

Asst. Adjt. General, 16th Army Corps, Memphis, Tenn.:

SIR: I landed here safely yesterday evening at 7 o'clock with my command, and am now waiting for the Forty-ninth Illinois to arrive, when I shall move out for Clarendon, Ark.

I learn from Colonel Montgomery and the quartermaster at this place that the bridge across Big Creek, about 20 miles from here, is burned, and that we will be compelled to build one before crossing the creek, which will delay us about one day.

I am, sir, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

JAMES M. TRUE,

Colonel, Commanding Brigade.

