
WAR DEPARTMENT,

Washington, August 25, 1863-11 a. m.

Major-General ROSECRANS,

Army of the Cumberland:

Burnside, when last heard from, was at Mount Vernon, moving toward Knoxville. He is directed to move forward as rapidly as possible, and to keep you posted in regard to his operations. Grant's movements at present have no connection with yours.

H. W. HALLECK,

General-in-Chief.

STEVENSON, ALA., August 25, 1863-12.10 a. m.

(Received 9 a. m.)

Major General H. W. HALLECK,

General-in-Chief:

Nothing further from the left, excepting that enemy are reported as having moved up two brigades to Blythe's Ferry. Have heard nothing from Burnside. Would like to know if Grant is to do anything to occupy Johnston's attention. No change in position to-day.

W. S. ROSECRANS,

Major-General.

STEVENSON, ALA., August 25, 1863-10 a. m.

(Received 8.05 p. m.)

General MEIGS:

Your telegram received on the 17th of August. There were on hand, at the depot at Nashville, the number of mules you mention, 5,409. From this number issues have been made, and are making now, to supply this army. Do not think any can be spared for the mounting of the division you refer to. Your telegram in regard to the number of animals received by this army since the battle of Stone's River also received. I will send you the information so soon as I can get it.

HENRY C. HODGES,

Colonel and Chief Quartermaster.

AUGUST 25, 1863.

Statement of deserters from the Confederate Army.-Private James McCasey, Company G, First Louisiana, was detailed with 24 others, under command of a lieutenant, to pull over the Suck the Confederate steamer Paint Rock. Eleven of this detail deserted, including the first 3 whose statements are given below. The steamer was not pulled over, but was grounded just below. He states that there are, as far as he knows, no other troops at Chattanooga than Deas' brigade, Jackson's brigade and his regiment, numbering in all about 3,500. There are two brigades at Bridgeport, Ala., one of which has been there since the evacuation of Tullahoma. Bragg's and Polk's headquarters are at Chattanooga; does not know where Polk's corps is. Says Hardee's corps has gone to Mississippi, about two weeks since. Wheeler's cavalry are in the neighborhood of Chattanooga, toward Knoxville. He reports the following fortifi-

