
cations about Chattanooga: one battery near the river commanding the ferry; another a little higher up on a knoll; one at the foot of Lookout Mountain; one at a saw-mill in front of the center of the town; one on the bank of the Tennessee River; and one between the Nashville and Chattanooga Railroad and the Knoxville railroad. These batteries were small affairs; did not see any guns mounted, but they were constantly at work erecting new works. There are scarcely any provisions in Chattanooga beyond a fair supply for the troops there.

Private Peter Owens, Company G, First Louisiana, states that Cheatham's division is at Chattanooga, also part of Withers' division and other troops, amounting to about 8,000. Hardee's corps gone to Mississippi; Hardee himself there. A battery at the foot of Lookout Mountain commanding the road from Bridgeport, Ala. In all other regards corroborates McCasey's

statement.

Private James Bell, Company G, First Louisiana, makes the same statement as the others; adds no available information.

Private James Murphy, Company G, First Louisiana, same statement as the above, save that Colonel Strawbridge commands the post at Chattanooga.

Private S. M. Chambers, Thirty-ninth Georgia, was taken prisoner at Vicksburg; deserted when he heard he was ordered to report to parole camp. Gives no information of any use.

H. M. DUFFIELD,

Lieutenant, and Acting Provost-Marshal, Fourteenth Army Corps.
HEADQUARTERS DEPARTMENT OF THE CUMBERLAND,Stevenson, Ala., August 25, 1863.

Brigadier-General BRANNAN,

Battle Creek:

The general commanding directs me to ask you if a 40-foot bridge will not reach across the banks of the Sequatchie. If so, he will send up trusses at once. Please ascertain.

J. P. DROUILLARD,

Captain and Aide-de-Camp.

Journal of operations of the Fourteenth Army Corps.

AUGUST 25, 1863.

Colonel Wilder reports he has two regiments infantry and one section artillery camped at Poe's Cross-Roads, with strong guards watching the river at Harrison's and from Chickamauga to Dallas. Also three regiments infantry and four guns opposite and 5 miles from Chattanooga, with strong pickets out as far as the river, and patrols watching every point from the Such to the mouth of the Chickamauga. Two deserters report Hill's corps at Harrison's and along the river in that vicinity; Polk's corps in and about Chattanooga. Negroes, who swam the river, report that the rebels were moving machinery from rolling-mill on Saturday night. Rebels appear to be busy strengthening their position. All fords above are guarded by rifle-pits and guns in works. Shelled rebels at Harrison's on 22nd, and dismounted a rifle gun brought to bear on our battery.

