
Everything is unaccountably quiet across the river. We can count four field and one siege gun at Blythe's, and two field guns at Dowdy's.

The scouts sent to Washington and Blythe's this morning have not yet returned. One hundred and fifty camp at Smith's to-night. I go to Washington myself tomorrow, and will send force there-a scout in the direction of Sulphur Springs.

Your obedient servant,

R. H. G. MINTY,

Colonel, Commanding.

[Inclosure Numbers 2.]

Statement of G. B. Ward, private in McReynolds' company, of Dibrell's regiment, paroled: Left the command on Saturday, the 22nd, while on its march to Bon Air Spa. It was strongly rumored that the regiment was bound to join Forrest's command. Live in the Sequatchie Valley and did not want to go away from home again; therefore left the regiment and came home. Mrs. McReynolds, wife of Captain McReynolds, said at Mr. Swafford's on Sunday that she left the regiment at Crossville on its way to join Forrest's command. Dibrell crossed through the old Kentucky stock trail, Grassy Cove, &amp;c.

[Inclosure Numbers 3.]

William T. Shelton, guide, arrived in the valley the 23rd. Reports left on Saturday night at 10 o'clock, crossing the river at Dowdy's Ferry, 4 miles below Blythe's, with 9 refugees, on a log. Rebel pickets on east side of the Tennessee, and force in line from Blythe's Ferry to a small village called Birchwood, a distance of 3 miles; supposed to be about 2,000 infantry and cavalry and 7 pieces of artillery planted on eminences on the east side of the river. A steamer came up to the ferry on the 22nd . Rifle-pits are being thrown up along the east bank of the river, and earth-works on the island. It is reported they intend to make a stand at Blythe's Ferry to prevent crossing to Cleveland on the railroad. Bragg is removing his commissary stores from Chattanooga to Atlanta, Ga., driving cattle, horses, and hogs out of the country, cutting down the growing crop of corn. Conscription still going on.

DRURY.
HDQRS. THIRD DIVISION, TWENTY-FIRST ARMY CORPS,Pikeville, Tenn., August 25, 1863.

Colonel GEORGE F. DICK,

Commanding at McMinnville:

COLONEL: Your dispatch of the 23rd is received. The general wishes you to render Captain Stanage all the assistance in your power in getting up supplies. He is much gratified at the disposition of your

forces, and the manner in which you have conducted affairs in McMinnville.

As soon as you are relieved rejoin the division, wherever it may be. I think a force under General Spears is intended as the permanent garrison at McMinnville. Colonel Sullivan, of whom you speak,

