
WILLIAMSBURG, KY., August 25, 1863-12 m.

(Received 8.40 p. m., 26th.)

Major-General HALLECK,

General-in-Chief:

The following order was sent to General Hartsuff on the 20th, which will explain itself.*

General Hascall's advance will be within 12 miles of Chitwood's to-night, and the advance of this will be at this place to-night. I hope that the infantry division from Columbia and the cavalry brigade from Glasgow will be near or at Jamestown to-night. After concentrating the troops at Huntsville and Jamestown they will move on the direct road from those places to Montgomery. Each column will be preceded and flanked by cavalry. From Montgomery we shall move according to circumstances, but probably upon Kingston and Loudon Bridge, as these seem to be the places to which General Rosecrans desires us to go in order to co-operate fully with him. At all events our final destination will be Knoxville.

We have had very serious difficulties to contend with in bad roads and short forage; in fact, the country is about destitute. We shall have still greater difficulties in that way to overcome, but if Risecrans occupies the enemy fully, and no troops are allowed to come down the railroad from Richmond or the Eastern army, I think we will be successful. The command is in good spirits, and will no doubt do all that is possible to be done in the circumstances.

A. E. BURNSIDE,

Major-General.
HEADQUARTERS,Cincinnati, Ohio, August 25, 1863.

Lieutenant Colonel N. BOWEN,

Assistant Adjutant-General:

General Parke has gone home on sick leave. General Potter will have command of the corps during his absence.

W. P. ANDERSON,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

INDIANAPOLIS, IND., August 25, 1863.

General PARKE,

Camp Nelson:

I expect to start a mounted battalion of the Seventy-first Indiana to you by Wednesday evening and another by Saturday evening.

O. B. WILLCOX,

Brigadier-General.

CRAB ORCHARD, KY., August 25, 1863.

Major-General PARKE:

The infantry and battery have started. Cavalry not able to move. No rations or forage for them. It will be perhaps asking too much for me to advance far beyond London without a strong force of cavalry.

JNumbers F. DE COURCY.

---------------

*See Burnside to Hartsuff, p. 94.

---------------

