
CAMP NELSON, August 12, 1863.

Lieutenant-Colonel RICHMOND:

Have you heard anything of the whereabouts of General Parke?Please answer at once. Please go the Ohio and Mississippi Railroad and ascertain if the troops of Potter's division can be turned off at Seymour and sent by way of Louisville to Lebanon. They need not be turned back if they have passed Seymour.

A. E. BURNSIDE,

Major-General.

CAMP NELSON, August 12, 1863.

Lieutenant-Colonel RICHMOND:

Have you notified the Indianapolis and Lawrrenceburg and the Louisville and Nashville Railroads that Potter's division will be turned off at Seymour? If you have not,wait further instructions. Answer this at once and I will give you definite instructions. It is important that I should receive your answer to -night.

A. E. BURNSIDE.

Major-General.

CINCINNATI, August 12, 1863.

GENERAL BURNSEDE,

Camp Nelson:

As far as I can find out,the first regiment of Potter's division,the Eleventh New Hampshire,left Cairo at 1.30 to-day. I have telegraphed to Coale at Cairo,and also along the road from the office of the Ohio and Mississippi,to have them turned off,and it will probably be done.

LEWIS RICHMOND,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

CINCINNATI, August 12, 1863.

General BURNSIDE,

Lexington, Ky.:

The following communication was received from Cairo this morning:

L. RICHMOND,

Assistant Adjutant-General:

I have the honor to report that I have just arrived at this place,with the Seventy -ninth New York Volunteers. My command is all up the river except the Eight Michigan,which is on its way. General Parke will reach here in a few days. My command is so much enfeebled by sickness,brought on by the arduous duties of the past two months,that I would respectfully recommend that they be encamped on some healthy location that they may recuperate their exhausted energies. I have been very ill myself since leaving Snyder's Bluff,and shall be obliged to remain at this point until I can gain sufficient strength to proceed farther. I have reported to Lieutenant-Colonel Coale at this place.

Very respectfully,

THOS. WELSH,

Brigadier-General.

W. P. ANDERSON,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

2 R R-VOL XXX, PT III

