HEADQUARTERS,Stevenson, Ala., August 26, 1863-8.30 p. m.,

(Received 12.15 p. m., 27th.)

Major General H. W. HALLECK,

General-in-Chief:

Returned this morning at 2 o'clock from examination of the river at Shellmound, 26 miles from here, with a view to [choice of*] crossings. No further change in position of corps since my last.

Enemy moving troops up Lookout Valley. They are fortifying at Chattanooga, and guarding all the fords up to Blythe's Ferry.

W. S. ROSECRANS,

Major-General.

SAINT LOUIS, August 26, 1863-2 p. m.

Major-General ROSECRANS:

I have ordered 31 box-cars shipped from Cairo, making 50 box-cars in all. You do not say if you want the flat-cars. I have no locomotives under my control, but will state your wants to General Grant, and ask him to order some sent you from Columbus if he can spare them. Those he expected to get in Mississippi were destroyed.

CHARLES PARSONS.
HEADQUARTERS DEPARTMENT OF THE CUMBERLAND,August 26, 1863.

Colonel W. P. INNES,

Military Superintendent Government Railroads:

COLONEL: Colonel Anderson was directed by the general commanding, previous to the date of his resignation as military superintendent of Government railroads, to purchase and fit up three passenger-cars for the transportation of sick. He now directs you to ascertain if Colonel Anderson complied with these directions, and, if so, where and under whose supervision the cars are being refitted. He further directs you to assume control of them wherever they may be, and expedite the work upon them as much as possible according to such plans as may be furnished you by the department medical director. If the cars have not been purchased, he directs you to procure them at once, and fit them up according to the plans of the medical director.

I am, sir, very respectfully,

C. GODDARD,

Lieutenant-Colonel and Assistant Adjutant-General.

QUARTERMASTER-GENERAL'S OFFICE,

Washington City, August 26, 1863-10.10 a. m.

Lieutenant Colonel H. C. HODGES,

Chief Quartermaster, Army of the Cumberland:

On 22nd you report 5,409 mules on hand at Nashville. Are these not in use? Orders have just been given to procure 5,000 mules to mount General Rousseau's division. Are so many needed with this large stock on hand?

M. C. MEIGS,

Quartermaster-General.

---------------

*Words in brackets not in dispatch as received by General Halleck.

---------------

