HEADQUARTERS U. S. FORCES,Poe's Tavern, August 26, 1863.

Captain J. R. MUHLEMAN, Assistant Adjutant-General:

In reply to the letter of inquiry from headquarters Twenty-first Army Corps respecting facilities for crossing the Tennessee River, I would respectfully say that to cross with facility a rope of at least 2,000 feet in length will be required; that with this rope the river can be crossed by either making ferry-boats entirely of wood or from boats covered with paulins. I have two paulins and sufficient tools to construct the boats. I can also construct boats with the tools I have, and cross slowly without any rope.

I am, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

W. B. HAZEN,

Brigadier-General.
HEADQUARTERS U. S. FORCES,Poe's Tavern, August 26, 1863-8 p. m.

Captain J. R. MUHLEMAN, Assistant Adjutant-General:

Colonel Funkhouser met 30 of the enemy at Harrison's Landing this morning, this side of the river; attacked them, killing 3 (1 of them a lieutenant) and capturing 2 privates. The prisoners report that the Chattanooga Rebel of this morning reports the fall of Charleston. They say further that it reports the defeat of Lee by Meade. I give these as prisoners' reports. May God grant their truth. They report further what, if true, is important to us: that the enemy opposed to us are all moving toward Atlanta.

This morning I sent a forage train to Thatcher's Landing, and with the escort a section of artillery. A few shots were fired across at their works, when a general stampede took place. All the fords and crossings are occupied by a few regiments of the enemy with a few guns, with light works. They have for the past few nights sent small parties across to capture some of our men, to gain information. They are reported to be poorly informed of our purposes and force.

A very reliable report reached me this evening that on yesterday the advance of Burnside's forces reached Kingston, and after a short engagement thrashed Forrest. I am now making 2,000 pounds of flour per day. The condition of the command was never better.

Very truly,

W. B. HAZEN,

Brigadier-General.

[Indorsement.]

Respectfully forwarded to corps headquarters.

Hazen seems to be in luck in the way of news.

J. M. PALMER,

Major-General.
HDQRS. FIRST BRIG., FOURTH DIV., FOURTEENTH CORPS,Foot of Mountain, Anderson Road, August 26, 1863.

Colonel GODDARD, Assistant Adjutant-General:

COLONEL: I have to report that nothing of importance has transpired since the last report. The enemy has strengthened his works

