
opposite the crossing of the Anderson road. A few train have arrived empty and gone out apparently loaded. We are preparing to shell their works tomorrow. Two companies will go to the mouth of Chickamauga and come down the river to-day as on yesterday. For most important news see Colonel Funkhouser's dispatch, copy herewith.

I am, colonel, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

J. T. WILDER,

Colonel, Commanding.

[Inclosure.]
HEADQUARTERS DETACHMENT FIRST BRIGADE,August 25, 1863-7 p. m.

Colonel WILDER:

I have the honor to report that no material change has taken place since my last report. Colonel Sheets, in command of a detachment, has just arrived. Reports the force at Harrison's Landing greatly increased in the last twenty-four hours. This comes from two boys who came from the other side of the river this morning; also from other citizens. They have been re-enforced, I think there is no doubt. The guns at Igou's Ferry have been moved down to Harrison's. The works at the Nelson Ferry are being rapidly increased. The river at the mouth of the Chickamauga is easily forded, not more than saddle skirts deep. It is also reported by citizens that loud and continued cheering was heard on the arrival of the cars last evening, supposed to be re-enforcements coming up. These boys also report that rumor is rife in the rebel camps that 20,000 re-enforcements have arrived. This is merely rumor, and is entitled to but little credit.

Respectfully, your,

JOHN J. FUNKHOUSER.

P. S-At the mouth of the Chickamauga works are being made. It is said that the work was kept up all night and is still continued to-day. A small party crossed over at Harrison's on yesterday evening and dashed up to the top of the bluff and then returned.
HDQRS. THIRD DIVISION, TWENTY-FIRST ARMY CORPS,Pikeville, Tenn., August 26, 1863.

Lieutenant Colonel LYNE STARLING,

Chief of Staff, Twenty-first Army Corps:

COLONEL: I inclose a communication received from Colonel Minty last evening.

On my arrival here I ordered a daily issue of green corn, to save bread. I find as a consequence that the hard bread issued to include the 27th will last till the end of the month, and perhaps longer. I have also ordered my commissary to use the mills in this vicinity, an abundance of wheat being reported in the valley. Another train started to McMinnville this morning for supplies.

Owing to the damaged bacon sent us we are short in that article, but have fresh beef. Captain Stanage reports a scarcity of bacon at McMinnville. Also that one of my trains was delayed there in consequence of a failure in forwarding supplies from Nashville.

I sent a courier to General Burnside at Jamestown last evening.

12 R R-VOI XXX, PT III

