
It will take him three days and a half to make the trip. When can the battalion of cavalry left at Rock Island to watch movements of rebels at Sparta be ordered up? Is it left to my discretion? Colonel Dibrell has left Sparta and crossed the Tennessee. About 150 men in small squads are marauding, pillaging, and occasionally committing murders in the vicinity of Sparta. They have no organization.

The health of my command is remarkably good. All in good spirits, trusting that we are rapidly crushing this rebellion.

Very respectfully, your most obedient servant,

H. P. VAN CLEVE,

Brigadier-General, Commanding Division.

[Inclosure.]
HDQRS. SECOND BRIGADE, SECOND CAVALRY DIVISION,Smith's Cross-Roads, Tenn., August 25, 1863.

Captain E. A. OTIS,

Asst. Adjt. General, Third Division, Twenty-first Army Corps:

SIR: All quiet on the Tennessee. The rebel sentries are walking their lonely rounds at Blythe's and Dowdy's Ferries. The few boats they had have been taken a short way up the Hiwassee River.

A negro from Sulphur Springs informed me yesterday that Forrest had sent 200 of his men to Kingston, and with the remainder had crossed the Tennessee River; also that Dibrell with his force had crossed. The scout from Washington last night confirmed this report. Scouts of this morning also report no men on this side of the river.

I am, respectfully,

R. H. G. MINTY,

Colonel, Commanding Cavalry Brigade.

STEVENSON, August 26, 1863.

General GORDON GRANGER,

Nashville:

The general commanding wishes you to see that the Tennessee cavalry just mustered are armed and equipped. * * * He also wishes to know who is in command of the Carthage troops, if Gillem has gone to Alexandria to take command. Direct them to be in readiness to move on McMinnville or Sparta, as occasion requires, within three days. Have the transportation regulated by department orders. Report amount of supplies at Carthage, and direct the Alexandria troops to supply themselves from there. Prepare to advance to the Tennessee and cover the rear of the army. No report from you about McCook's movements. The general wants a daily report.

R. S. THOMS,

Aide-de-Camp.

NASHVILLE, August 26, 1863.

General GARFIELD:

I have been sorely perplexed about the examining board. All the members are now in Nashville, and will get fairly to work tomorrow. I have ordered McCook's brigade to march to Athens and join Morgan. McCook will leave Columbia on the 29th. My health is excellent.

G. GRANGER.

