
NASHVILLE, August 26, 1863-10.30 p. m.
Major WILLIAM H. SINCLAIR:

One battalion Tenth Ohio at La Vergne; two battalions now en route from Columbia to Athens.

WM. C. RUSSELL,

Captain and Assistant Adjutant-General.

LARKINSVILLE, August 26, 1863.

General J. A. GARFIELD:

An orderly sergeant, Fifth Arkansas, deserted and left Chattanooga the 16th, and reports that Bragg commenced evacuating Chattanooga on the 14th instant, moving all his baggage. He states that Bragg is forming his new defense with his right resting on Knoxville, commanded by General Buckner, and comprising about 25,000 men, and the left of his line at Rome, Ga., Wheeler's cavalry being at the latter place. Forrest is reported to be crossing into West Tennessee with his whole force. He also reports the army in and around Chattanooga as being in a demoralized condition, and both officers and men asserting that they will not follow General Bragg any farther, as they regard their case as hopeless. He also reports four companies of Union [men] formed at Sand Hill, waiting the crossing of our army to join it.

E. M. McCOOK,

Colonel, Commanding.

LARKINSVILLE, ALA.,

August 26, 1863.

Major WILLIAM H. SINCLAIR,

Asst. Adjt. General, Cavalry Corps, Stevenson, Ala.:

All quiet along the line. Caught 11 guerrillas to-day. Among the rest was the notorious Hambrick, Gurley's partner; all caught in arms. I will have some more, probably all of them, to-night. A good many mountaineers are enlisting. About 20 joined the Fourth Indiana to-day and yesterday. Seventy-six partisans of Mr. Latham's company waiting here to be mustered in.

In compliance with paragraph 1, General Orders, Numbers 53, current series, to which my attention has been called, I have sent a copy of this to department headquarters. Shall I continue doing this, or will dispatch to you be sufficient?

E. M. McCOOK,

Colonel, Commanding.

MOUNT VERNON, KY.,

August 26, 1863.

Major-General PARKE:

Beyond London I shall want spies. Will you authorize me to employ and at what rates, by the day or by the job?

JNumbers F. DE COURCY,

Colonel, Commanding.

