
COVINGTON, KY., August 26, 1863.

Colonel N. BOWEN,

Assistant Adjutant-General:

The last leave to-day at 2 o'clock, except battery.

GEO. P. WEBSTER,

Captain and Assistant Quartermaster.
HEADQUARTERS TWENTY-THIRD ARMY CORPS,In Camp at Chitwood's, Tenn., August 26, 1863.

Brigadier General JULIUS WHITE,

Comdg. Second Division, Twenty-third Army Corps:

You have done astonishingly well, and I am much pleased with your promptness and energy. I sent the substance of your dispatch to General Burnside, who was then at London. He replied we would all be at least a day behind the time originally set, perhaps more.

One brigade of Hascall's division is now here; the other will be here to-night. Only one regiment (Carter's) of the Cavalry Division is here yet. General Burnside is expected to-night.

A general supply train of ammunition and subsistence accompanies General Hascall's division; it is over 300 wagons, and has delayed the march very much.

On General Burnside's arrival, instructions will be sent to you. In the mean time gather everything up snugly, make repairs, &amp;c., and be ready to continue the march. Get all the forage the country affords, and reconnoiter well out in the direction of Montgomery. If you obtain any information of general importance, communicate it immediately by couriers.

I am, general, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

GEO. L. HARTSUFF,

Major-General, Commanding.
HEADQUARTERS U. S. FORCES,Bowling Green, Ky., August 26, 1863.

Captain A. C. SEMPLE,

Asst. Adjt. General, District of Kentucky, Louisville, Ky.:

CAPTAIN: Colonel Maxwell, before he left here on leave, instructed me to complete the assessment he had begun to make on the rebel citizens living near Rocky Hill, for the purpose of rebuilding the depot at that point, and when done to submit to General Boyle, with an outline of the proposed order, for his approval before the money was collected. I inclose you a paper showing you the value of the property of the leading citizens in that neighborhood and the amount proposed to be levied on each; and now, with the approval of General Boyle, I will at once by order direct the citizens named in that paper to pay to any agent whom the railroad company may direct the amount assessed on each, the agent of the road attending at Rocky Hill depot upon designated days to receive the money.

In the event any one fails to comply with the order. I propose to take property worth the full amount assessed on the individual refusing; when possible, property that can be used in rebuilding the depot, and if that cannot be done, then property that can be easily turned into money.

