
[Fifth indorsement.]

SEPTEMBER 21, 1863.

Submitted to the Secretary of War and approved by him.

H. W. HALLECK,

General-in-Chief.

WASHINGTON, D. C.,

August 27, 1863.

Major-General GRANT,

Vicksburg, Miss.:

GENERAL: Your dispatch of the 14th, in regard to Ellet's brigade, has been received and shown to the Secretary of War. He directs that you assume command of this brigade and take proper measures to reduce it to discipline, trying and punishing the guilty parties. For reasons given in my letter of the 24th instant, it is not deemed advisable at present to break up this brigade, but you can detach and place on shore such portions of it as you may deem necessary for the good of the service.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

H. W. HALLECK,

General-in-Chief.

SHERMAN'S HEADQUARTERS,

August 27, 1863.

General RAWLINS:

I have a Mobile paper of August 22, in which I find the following, which is very good:

OKOLONA, August 21.

The raid on the Mississippi Central Road has terminated. The enemy having accomplished his object in the destruction of the rolling-stock of the Memphis and Charleston, Mississippi and Tennessee, New Orleans and Jackson, and Mississippi Central roads, accumulated at Grenada for security, has gone back satisfied.

CHARLESTON, August 21.

The fire of the enemy's land batteries has been heavier than ever to-day. A new battery of Parrott guns opened on Sumter this morning, and the fire has been concentrated upon the last battery and its guns. The south wall of the fort is now a pile of rubbish. On the north the wall is also crumbling into a heap. The flag has been shot a away twice to-day. Six times during the attack the flag-staff was shot off, and the flag flies from the ruins of the south wall.

Just before sunset Sumter fired several shots at the Ironsides, which was engaging Battery Wagner. A monitor this morning making a reconnaissance fired at Sumter, but was not replied to. There is no report of casualties.

The sappers are making regular approaches on Battery Wagner. The officer killed on Monday was a captain of one of the monitors.

W. T. SHERMAN.

CONFIDENTIAL.] SHERMAN'S HEADQUARTERS,

August 27, 1863.

General RAWLINS:

I have a long and very proper letter from General Lew. Wallace, speaking in terms of great respect for General Grant, but evidently

