
Railroad. Major General Gordon Granger will receive instructions to furnish, on your requisitions, such military force as may be required for the protection of the road. You can also have the services of Brigadier-General Gillem, and such part of the Tennessee troops as shall be mustered into the service as you may need, including Gillem's regiment. Your requisitions for the necessary funds will be sent to the department chief quartermaster, who will be directed to make requisition for and supply what you need.

The chief commissary will in like manner be directed to supply the subsistence for the men and troops employed in construction of the road. He will give instructions to the post commissary how requisitions are to be make.

Colonel Innes, military superintendent of railroads, will detail the requisite number of engineers, and furnish rolling stock necessary to carry on the work.

It is probable we can spare Colonel Thompson and the First and Second Regiments Colored Troops to be employed on the line. Ask President Lincoln if he cannot send you some colored or engineer troops from General Grant's department for same purpose, the whole to be under your command. As a matter of course, I shall desire to have reports from you of the progress of the work.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

W. S. ROSECRANS,

Major-General.
HEADQUARTERS FOURTEENTH ARMY CORPS,Bolivar Springs, August 27, 1863.

Brigadier General J. A. GARFIELD,

Chief of Staff:

I have the honor to state that the disposition of the troops of my corps are the same as last reported.

General Reynolds reports that he has succeeded in bringing to this side of the river six good-sized flat-boats, and expects to get two more down to-day, and has new ones building, and will be soon ready for use.

Colonel King crossed the river and reports a good defensible position on the other side of the river. Has sent other parties over, but no report.

Captain Jones, signal station, reported fires on the mountain top last night and night before; white rockets seen last night at 8.50; came in sight from behind the woods due south, passed through an arc of 10 degrees from east to west; distance unknown. Another was seen fifteen minutes later near the fires reported. The fires seen were south 55 degrees east.

Dispatch from Tracy City reports railroad and telegraph in good working order to that point. About 60,000 rations on hand. Ford returned at 9 o'clock last night. Report about 25 rebels on the other side of the river. Learned from citizens that there had been about 200 on the other side of the ferry up to the 25th.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

GEO. H. THOMAS,

Major-General, Commanding.

