
They were put on the cars and started for Atlanta, and on the way he escaped. Colonel Wilder has erected a little work to protect his guns, and will open on the city to-day with two guns. The city is doomed.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

G. D. WAGNER,

Brigadier-General.

[Indorsement.]
HDQRS. FIRST DIVISION, TWENTY-FIRST ARMY CORPS,Therman, E. Tenn., August 27, 1863.

Respectfully forwarded for the information of the commanding general of the Army of the Cumberland.

I regret that General Wagner's report does not offer a more flattering prospect of improving the means of a sudden passage of the river; but if such means were to be had, it is a grave question whether the passage could be effected without a diversion in the enemy's rear. From Colonel Wilder's reports to me I learn the enemy has greatly strengthened his defenses on the river since our first appearance in front of Chattanooga. But whatever is necessary to be done, if men can do it, shall be done.

TH. J. WOOD,

Brigadier-General of Volunteers, Commanding.

CIRCULAR.] HDQRS. SECOND DIV., 21ST ARMY CORPS,

Straggling over the country, foraging, and sometimes pillaging by soldiers, and in some degree by the officers of this command, is made the subject of frequent complaint.

The general commanding is satisfied that these evils are charge able to the negligence or collusion of the officers. But few of them act as if they regarded either their honor or duty as involved in checking these practices.

Hereafter no officer or soldier or soldier will leave the camp without a pass, and all passes to soldiers or servants for foraging or trade with the country are prohibited.

In every case when it is necessary for any party to leave camp it must be under charge of an officer, who will go out and return with it. The officer at the outpost will halt all parties going and returning, and require the officer in charge to identify each individual. All soldiers or servants coming to the lines not in company with an officer, who have not a special pass from the corps or these headquarters, will be arrested and sent in. No soldier will be allowed to ride any public animal in or out of camp, except upon his proper duty. The provost-marshal will issue no pass to an officer except by the written direction of a brigade commander, in which shall be specified the names of each individual to be passed. All orders for passes will be kept on file.

Every person passing the lines under the orders of the corps commanders will be required to give his name and rank and exhibit his authority.

Every officer of whatever rank is charged with the enforcement of these orders.

By order of Major-General Palmer:

J. R. MUHLEMAN,

Captain and Assistant Adjutant-General.

