HDQRS. THIRD DIV., TWENTY-FIRST ARMY CORPS,Pikeville, Tenn., August 27, 1863-8 a. m.

Lieutenant-Colonel KLEIN,

Comdg. Battn. Third Indiana Cavalry, Rock Island:

COLONEL: General Van Cleve directs that you at once move from your present position and rejoin your command at Pikeville. He would prefer you would come by Sparta, picking up any rebel guerrillas there.

Your transportation is here, and supplies will be here for you. On your arrival report to General Van Cleve for orders. Notify the commanding officer at McMinnville that you have moved to this place.

I am, colonel, very respectfully,

E. A. OTIS,

Assistant Adjutant-General, Third Division.
HDQRS. THIRD DIV., TWENTY-FIRST ARMY CORPS,Pikeville, Tenn., August 27, 1863.

Lieutenant Colonel LYNE STARLING,

Chief of Staff, Twenty-first Army Corps:

COLONEL: I inclose communication received last evening from Colonel Minty. All quiet at this end of Sequatchie Valley. Come and see us.

Very respectfully, your most obedient,

H. P. VAN CLEVE,

Brigadier-General, Commanding Division.

[Inclosure.]
HDQRS. FIRST BRIG., SECOND CAVALRY DIVISION,Smith's Cross-Roads, in Valley, August 26, 1863.

Captain OTIS,

Asst. Adjt. General, Third Div., Twenty-first Army Corps:

SIR: I have this moment received the following news from above, which is reliable:

On Sunday Forrest crossed part of his forces over the river at Kingston; same night Dibrell's men arrived at Kingston; their pickets now stand at Post Oak Springs.

Rucker's Legion (part of Pegram's command), with four pieces of artillery, were at Kingston on Sunday, the 23rd. Their pickets from Wartburg reported a heavy force of our men at Jamestown. On 24th the legion moved out to guard a gap on Wartburg road.

The means of crossing at Kingston consists of five or six flat-boat Pegram's men are on this side of the river, and are scattered from Knoxville to Kingston.

General Gracie, with a mounted brigade, moved from Strawberry Plains on Friday, the 21st instant; were halted within 2 miles of Knoxville, apparently destined for that place. There is no infantry on this side of the river below Knoxville.

My scouts from the river at Blythe's and Dowdy's Ferries report no cannon in sight last evening or this morning.

Fourth Michigan camped near Washington last night. They sent

