
scouts toward Sulphur Springs this morning; no report from them yet.

I have made my pickets as small as possible-12 men on each road, except Blythe's, and there only 24-but yet the picket duty is very heavy. Can you not send me the men of my brigade that you have in Sequatchie Valley?

I am, respectfully, your obedient servant,

R. H. G. MINTY,

Colonel, Commanding.
HDQRS. THIRD DIV., TWENTY-FIRST ARMY CORPS,Pikeville, Tenn., August 27, 1863-5 p. m.

(Received 9.45 p. m.)

Lieutenant Colonel LYNE STARLING,

Chief of Staff, Twenty-first Army Corps:

COLONEL: One of my trains arrived this p. m. from McMinnville, bringing 20,000 rations. I have two more trains out, one of which left here yesterday morning. If the commissary at Nashville will keep the depot at McMinnville supplied, I can keep my command supplied with ten days' rations.

I herewith inclose copy of communication received this p. m. from Colonel Minty.

Very respectfully, your most obedient servant,

H. P. VAN CLEVE,

Brigadier General, Commanding Division.

[Inclosure.]
HDQRS. FIRST BRIG., SECOND CAVALRY DIVISION,Smith's Cross-Roads, Tennessee Valley, August 27, 1863.

Captain OTIS.

Asst. Adjt. General, Third Div., Twenty-first Army Corps:

SIR: The Fourth Michigan returned from up the valley last evening. Their scouts met a scouting party of the enemy about 2 miles above Washington, and after a short skirmish drove them beyond Sulphur Springs; captured 2.

Holman's regiment is stationed at Post Oak Springs. Dibrell's brigade at Kingston. Every ferry along the river is strongly guarded, and all the boats have been taken away.

The intrenchments at Dowdy's Ferry are now not far from 200 yards long; a party of about 50 men is constantly at work. No artillery to be seen since last report.

Send me a copy of the order referred to by General Crittenden.

There is not a boat to be had on the river. The rebels have possession of them all. Of course proper parties can build rafts, which could be used for crossing the river.

Rations ran out last night. You ought to keep me supplied with coffee, sugar, and salt. The men are constantly at work, and should be fed.

Respectfully, your obedient servant,

R. H. G. MINTY,

Colonel, Commanding Cavalry Brigade.

