HEADQUARTERS DEPARTMENT OF THE CUMBERLAND,Stevenson, August 27, 1863.

Major General G. GRANGER, Nashville:

The general commanding wants daily reports from you; says he does not know the position of any of your troops. When did Morgan arrive at Athens?

R. S. THOMS,

Aide-de-Camp.

NASHVILLE, August 27, 1863-1.25 p. m.

Major-General ROSECRANS:

I have not failed to telegraph you daily. Many messages from your headquarters are six hours old. Mr. Dwyer reports the wires overloaded. On the 23rd I telegraphed that Stokes reached Alexandria at 8 a. m. the day previous. On the 24th I advised you of Morgan's arrival at Columbia with one brigade, and that he was ordered to commence work on Duck River bridge; that McCook's brigade was between Franklin and Columbia repairing the railroad. On the same day I received orders to stop work on Duck River bridge and throw Morgan's brigade forward to Athens. I immediately sent the order, and directed him to report his arrival directly to you. Late last evening I received your order signed by Captain Thoms, and at once sent orders to Stokes to draw ten days supplies from Carthage, and hold himself in readiness to move. Ordered McCook's brigade to cease work upon the bridges and march to Athens, leaving one regiment at Columbia until the arrival of the Thirteenth Wisconsin from Fort Donelson, and Twenty-eighth Kentucky from Clarksville, when the regiment ordered to remain at Columbia would rejoin McCook, leaving the two regiments above named at Columbia. I ordered the latter to clear the country as they moved. They will reach Columbia about the 31st. I sent you by this morning's mail a report received from Steedman of the whereabouts of his command.

My forces are now disposed as follows: Two regiments of infantry, detachment of cavalry at Alexandria; one regiment of infantry at Carthage; one regiment and detachment of infantry and battery at Gallatin; one regiment of infantry and battery at Clarksville; one regiment of infantry and battery at Fort Donelson; two regiments of infantry, a portion of one of which is mounted, en route from Donelson and Clarksville to garrison Columbia; one regiment of infantry at Franklin; McCook's brigade at Columbia under orders to march to Athens (will start tomorrow); one regiment of infantry at Fayetteville; one regiment, one battery, and Galbraith's cavalry at Shelbyville; one brigade of infantry, one battery, two battalions Tenth Ohio Cavalry, under Morgan, en route for Athens; Steedman's division guarding railroad; Ward's brigade, except one regiment, and Doolittle's brigade, except one regiment, with the Tennessee cavalry,

and detachments at Nashville.

G. GRANGER,

Major-General.

NASHVILLE, August 27, 1863-5 p. m.

(Received 5.10 p. m.)

General GARFIELD:

Message from Morgan dated to-day says, moved 9 miles yesterday afternoon. All the trestle-work for 12 miles south of Columbia in

