
good condition; telegraph wires the same; citizens will do all in their power to prevent its being destroyed. Will reach Pulaski to-night. Can hear nothing of any rebels, not even bushwhackers. Roads excellent; plenty of forage in the country. I suppose he will reach Athens on the 29th.

G. GRANGER,

Major-General, Commanding.
HEADQUARTERS DEPARTMENT OF THE CUMBERLAND,Stevenson, August 27, 1863.

Major General D. S. STANLEY,

Chief of Cavalry:

GENERAL: The general commanding directs you to order General Crook to establish a courier line from General Lythe's headquarters to this place as soon as possible.

I am, sir, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

C. GODDARD,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

DEPT. OF THE CUMBERLAND, INSPECTOR'S OFFICE,

Stevenson, Ala., August 27, 1863.

Major General D. S. STANLEY,

Chief of Cavalry:

GENERAL: I have the honor to report that I forded over half way across the Tennessee River last evening on Hart's Bar. There was a citizen present (Mr. Wallace) who pointed out the direction of the ford, being about 30 degrees down the river. At first the citizen considered it unfordable, from the fact that there was bare ground on the bar visible when it was fordable. I forded until the water became very shallow on the bar,, exposing too much of my person to the enemy's pickets on the other side. In crossing the channel I found in no place it was over 4 feet deep.

I sent a mounted man 100 yards in as deep and heavy a current as in the distance I forded. The horse moved firmly through the current, the water coming half way up his sides. I believe the river fordable for either mounted or foot men, and am willing to take 50 men and cross, if the general commanding desires.

I had 2 men with me, one of them 5 feet 5 1/2 inches in height; still experiencing no difficulty in fording. The roads on this side of the river would have to be improved, but good ones could be made.

I am, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

JAS. HAWLEY,

Captain and Inspector Cavalry.

[Indorsements.]
HEADQUARTERS DEPARTMENT OF THE CUMBERLAND,Stevenson, August 27, 1863.

Respectfully returned to General Stanley, who will order General Crook to have the road to this ferry repaired and well masked.

By order of Major-General Rosecrans:

C. GODDARD,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

13 R R-VOI XXX, PT III

