
CINCINNATI, OHIO,

August 27, 1863.

Brigadier-General POTTER:

The following has just been received with instructions to at once forward it to you. Please acknowledge receipt:

WILLIAMSBURG, August 26.

Brigadier General R. B. POTTER,

Commanding Ninth Army Corps:

You will please repair to Hickman's Bridge and hasten as much as possible the reorganization of the Ninth Corps. Let the batteries be refitted, new horses and everything necessary, and if cannoneers can be obtained in no other way that must be detached from the regiments. It is very desirable that Ferrero's division should get to Crab Orchard as soon as possible, and that the whole command should get into condition without delay to follow us upon receipt of orders. I have ordered the Seventy-first Indiana Mounted Infantry to be attached to the Ninth Corps. It is at Indianapolis now. There are some rumors of a raid from the direction of Pound Gap, but I hardly think they will attempt it. Please render General Boyle any necessary assistance to repel should it occur.

A. E. BURNSIDE,

Major-General.

W. P. ANDERSON,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

LOUISVILLE, KY., August 27, 1863.

General POTTER:

General Burnside telegraphs me that the Seventy-first Indiana would not be attached to the Ninth Corps, but would be left in Kentucky to report to me. One battalion of the regiment is now loading in cars for Lexington. Have you or General Parke any orders on the subject? I desire the regiment at Mount Sterling if it is to be left in Kentucky. Will you please advise in regard to the matter?

J. T. BOYLE,

Brigadier-General.

CAMP NELSON, KY.,

August 27, 1863.

Lieutenant-Colonel BOWEN,

Assistant Adjutant-General:

First Brigade has left for Crab Orchard, Third will leave tomorrow, and the Second in two or three days. Lieutenant Dearborn has not filled requisition for ammunition; much needed. Ambulances not arrived; much in want of them. Should have some sent immediately. One company of Thirty-sixth Massachusetts at Nicholasville to be relieved by the Second Division. Send the order.

EDW. FERRERO,

Brigadier-General.

LONDON, KY., August 27, 1863.

Major-General PARKE:

I am here with infantry and battery. Cavalry can't move from Crab Orchard yet. Is not the telegraph wire to be set up on my line, Flat Lick? I shall move to that point and Cumberland Gap as soon as cavalry and provisions reach me.

JNumbers F. DE COURCY,

Colonel, Commanding Brigade.

