
the exercise of any command by him would be a breach of the terms of capitulation, and would justify us in resorting to measures of extreme retaliation. I should have notice of all exchanges, as I am determined they shall respect their paroles given at Vicksburg.

I need much a topographical engineer and draughtsman. I want to compile a good map to connect my present one with Mobile and Montgomery. I have many scattered data that ought to be united now. All my engineers are used up and gone. Could you spare me Ulffers or any enterprising officer to take charge of a party?

SHERMAN,

Major-General.

SHERMAN'S HEADQUARTERS,

August 28, 1863.

General DENNIS,

Big Black:

If you have an intelligent man there from Demopolis let him put on a map the places and distances below: Selma, Demopolis, Meridian, Marion, Lauderdale Springs, Brandon Springs, Morton Station, And the bridges across the Tombigbee and Chunky. I want to know also the road form Enterprise to Mobile.

W. T. SHERMAN,

Major-General.
SPECIAL ORDERS, HDQRS. DEPT. OF THE TENNESSEE,Numbers 235. Vicksburg, Miss., August 28, 1863.

VI. Brigadier General A. Asboth, U. S. Volunteers, will report in person to Major General W. T. Sherman, commanding Fifteenth Army Corps, for assignment to duty. He will take with him his personal staff.

By order of Major General U. S. Grant:

JNumbers A. RAWLINS.

Assistant Adjutant-General.

CORINTH, August 28, 1863.

Major-General HURLBUT:

The following telegram just received from Colonel Burke, Camp Davies:

I have just received information from a reliable source that all the cavalry at Okolona and between here and Okolona, except Inge's and Ham's, have been sent out on an expedition, but my informant does not know where to. Inge's cavalry and a part of an infantry regiment are all that is left at Okolona, and there are small garrisons at the towns between Booneville and Okolona. A short time ago there were two regiments of Alabama cavalry and Blytle's cavalry at or near Okolona.

August MERSY,

Colonel, Commanding.

