
WINCHESTER, August 13, 1863.

Major-General THOMAS:

The general commanding wishes to know General Reynollds is progressing with road repair;how far he has got,&amp;c.

R. S. THOMS.

Aide-de-Camp.

STEVENSON, August 13, 1863.

Brigadier -General GARFIELD:

General Lytle has some fears that the rebels are cutting the timber of the second bridge at Bridgeport. He hears chopping at night. The bridge,however,appears to be all right. There is a report here this evening that Burnside's troops are passing through Big Creek and Wheeler's Gaps;it comes from rebels sources.

P. H. SHERIDAN,

Major-General.
HDQRS. FIRST BRIG., THIRD DIV.,20TH ARMY CORPS,Camp Roberts, Bridgeport, August 13, 1863.

[Captain GEORGE LEE,

Assistant Adjutant-General:]

CAPTAIN: Colonel Ray has just returned form Jasper. His adjutant reports verbally they saw on the opposite side of the river,at Shellmound,a rebel infantry force,estimated at from 400 to 600,with artillery. They captured 2 soldiers,with dispatches,which I have the honor to inclose;also brought in several refugees,1 of I will send them forward as soon as possible.

Sent a patrol to Island Creek Ferry to -day in charge of Lieutenant Boal. Mr. B.secured there the inclosed Chattanooga Rebel of today.

There was a good deal of movement and stir about the island last evening. About 1 o'clock this a.m. I heard what I supposed to be the crash of the draw falling into the river. On visiting the pickets on the river,the sentries reported to have heard chopping and work this morning looks as it did before,however.

The Rice referred to in dispatches must have his headquarters near Anderson. Lieutenant Boal reports from Island Creek that Rice is patrolling the river. All quiet here.

Very respectfully,

W. H. LYTLE,

Brigadier-General.

STEVENSON, August 13, 1863-7.15 p.m.

Major-General McCOOK:

Colonel Ray has just returned from a scout to Jasper. He captured 2 rebel dispatch bearers and brought in some refugees. The rebels are conscripting with impunity in East Tennessee.

