
Since the reports forwarded this morning in regard to the disposition of the enemy's forces, their preparations to retreat, &amp;c., the following was received, at 4 p. m. to-day, from Major-General Reynolds:

Three citizen scouts, just in from the other side of the river, report some guns-number not known-at foot of Lookout Mountain; a cavalry picket opposite Rankin's Ferry Ford; two or three companies of cavalry at Taylor's Store, and one regiment of infantry at Trenton, Adeserter just in confirms the above. Says he saw them loading machinery from Webster's foundry on cars, on Monday. They said it was going to Adairsville. Colonel King proposes bringing over their cavalry pickets to-night.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

GEO. H. THOMAS,

Major-General, U. S. Volunteers, Commanding.
HDQRS. THIRD DIVISION, FOURTEENTH ARMY CORPS,Battle Creek, Tenn., August 28, 1863.

Lieutenant Colonel GEORGE E. FLYNT,

Assistant Adjutant-General and Chief of Staff:

COLONEL: I have the honor to acknowledge the receipt of the order from department headquarters of August 26, directing that two regiments of my command should report to General Lytle on the following day (August 27), which, however, did not reach me until 8.20 a. m. this day (August 28).

I have ordered the Eighty-second Regiment Indiana Volunteers and Fourth Regiment Kentucky Volunteers to proceed to Bridgeport without delay.

This is not the first instance in which the courier line on this route has failed to deliver communications within a reasonable time.

I am, colonel, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

J. M. BRANNAN,

Brigadier-General, Commanding Division.

BATTLE CREEK, August 28, 1863-5 p. m.

Lieutenant Colonel C. GODDARD,

Assistant Adjutant-General:

I shall be ready to place a regiment of infantry across the river at the mouth of Battle Creek to-night, August 28, should the commanding general desire it.

J. M. BRANNAN,

Brigadier-General.
HEADQUARTERS DEPARTMENT OF THE CUMBERLAND,Stevenson, August 28, 1863.

Brigadier General J. M. BRANNAN,

Battle Creek:

Dispatch received. What means of crossing have you? Do not cross unless ordered.

By order of Major-General Rosecrans:

C. GODDARD,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

