
Battle Creek, August 28, 1863-9.30 p.m.

Lieutenant Colonel C. Goddard,

Assistant Adjutant-General:

I have a flat constructed that will carry one company at a time. I can transport a regiment across during the night if desired, capturing the rebel picket. The crossing will be well covered.

J. M. BRANNAN,

Brigadier-General.

[Indorsement]

Major-General THOMAS:

The general commanding has consented to General Brannan's sending an expedition across the river to capture the picket, bat told him he thought a regiment was not necessary to accomplish it, and would only retard recrossing. He direct me to send this dispatch, and the directions given General Brannan.

C. GODDARD,

Assistant Adjutant-General.
HEADQUARTERS FOURTEENTH ARMY CORPS,Bolivar Springs, August 28, 1863-7.35 p.m.

General Brannan,

Commanding Third Division:

I saw a dispatch at department headquarters that you would be prepared to cross a regiment of infantry over the river at mouth of Battle Creek. How do you propose to do it? I wish you to have crossing examined, and if you can hold the older side do so. We wish to throw a pontoon bridge a cross at that place. Report what can be done as soon as possible.

Very respectfully,

GEO. H. THOMAS,

Major-general, Commanding.
HDQRS. FOURTH DIVISION, FOURTEENTH ARMY CORPS,Jasper, August 28, 1863.

Lieutenant-Colonel FLYNT.

Asst. Adjt. General, Hdqrs. Fourteenth Army Corps:

The following is a synopsis of information received informally from Colonel Wilder, Commanding First Brigade, dated 27th:

Four trains went out this morning on the East Tennessee railroad and one came in on the Georgia road; whether loaded is not known. Large wagon trains were in town all day yesterday, but whether loading or unloading the officer in charge of the pickets could not well determine. The trains came in from up the river and went out the same way. We will shell the works all day to-day at intervals, both here and at Harrison's Landing.

The enemy is busy day and night strengthening his works from here to Harrison's. Colonel Funkhouser sent out a party at 2 a.m. yesterday to Harrison's who found a small force on this side the river; attacked them, killed 1 lieutenant and 2 men and took 2

