
Prisoners. These prisoners say the Chattanooga Rebel of yesterday announced the fall of Charleston, and the defeat of Lee by Meade on the Potomac; also that 20,000 Federals had crossed the river at Bridgeport, and that their (rebel) forces had fallen back to the mountains, where they will dispute our passage. They give it as their opinion that the statements Of the Rebel are true, except so much as relates to their army disputing the passage of our troops. They are confident Bragg will retreat to Atlanta. They further report that our sharpshooters killed 6 of their men across the river yesterday; also that there are but two regiments and two pieces of artillery at Harrison's; also that a train of one hundred and sixty wagons left for Atlanta yesterday Which they say comprised all Wheeler's train and a portion of the train of the general commanding at Bridgeport, whose name they did not remember. They report Wheeler at Harrison And Forest at Kingston.

Very respectfully,&amp;c.,

J. J. REYNOLDS

Major-General.
HEADQUARTERS FOURTEENTH ARMY CORPS.

Bolivar, Ala., August 28, 1863-9 p.m.

GENERAL REYNOLDS:

If you can make the necessary preparations for crossing your division at Shellmound do so, and report when you will be ready to cross.

GEO. H. THOMAS.

Major-General, Commanding.
HEADQUARTERS DEPARTMENT OF THE CUMBERLAND,Stevenson, Ala., August 28,!863.

Major-General McCOOK,

Commanding Twentieth Army Corps:

The general commanding directs you to superintend the transportation and putting in position near the river bank a sufficient number of pontoons for a bridge across the Tennessee. He desires you to take the pontoons to the river by a route which will shield them from observation by the enemy from the hills beyond the Tennessee. Lieutenant Burroughs rode over the route yesterday with the general commanding as far as General Davis'headquarters. General Davis selected a route from thence to the river. The place for crossing is just below the mouth of Crow Creek, near Caperton's Ferry. Select the exact spot for the bridge, and arrange a line of pontoons at each end of the mile for ferrying over two regiments, and place the balance of them as near the place of crossing as possible, the whole to be sheltered from observation. Place a sufficient guard for their protection, and conduct the whole movement as silently and unobserved as possible. The general commanding desires all arrangements for laying the bridge to be completed by nightfall. Lieutenant Burroughs has been ordered to report to you for orders immediately.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

J. A. GARFIELD,

Brigadier-General and Chief of Staff.

