
possible. The enemy is supposed to be there in small force now. If we give them time to increase their force, we should find it difficult to take. I cannot in any case remain long here for want of water and forage for horses. I must advance to Laurel Bridge, 6 miles south of London, as I am no longer in telegraphic communication with General Burnside, and there appears to be a misunderstanding about my orders. I shall await your further instructions as Laurel Bridge, where I cover London and protect the Williamsburg line better than I can here, 3 miles north of London.

JNO. F. DE COURCY,

Colonel, Commanding.

COVINGTON, KY.,

August 28, 1863.

Colonel BOWEN,

Assistant Adjutant-General:

There will not be a battery fit for marching for two weeks, Roemer's excepted. If possible will send him up on Tuesday next. Send him orders. I can move my battery next Wednesday by rail, but could not march. will write you to-night. Infantry can't help us at present. Except roemer's, want thirty.

S. N. BENJAMIN.

Lieutenant, Second U. S. Artillery.
HEADQUARTERS TWENTY-THIRD ARMY CORPS,Chitwood's, Tenn., August 28, 1863.

Brid. General JULIUS WHITE,

Comdg. Second Division, Twenty-third Army Corps:

Move with your whole command and train to-morrow morning, the 29th, toward Montgomery, reaching that place the next day. Those portions of the First, Eleventh, and Twelfth kentucky Cavalry which are with you, will continue with you on the march and guard your train. If you can empty more wagons without overloading that you take along, do so, and send back the empty ones, with a small cavalry guard, to either Cave City, Lebanon, or Somerset, to load with supplies and join you in the same manner as those you have already emptied and sent back. Keep your troops and train well closed. The cavalry brigade will precede you, reaching Montgomery in one day, and will send back information where is the best place to encamp between 15 and 20 miles from Jamestown. You are, however, to regulate your march according to your discretion, if you have sufficient information of the road to guide you.

GEO. L. HARTSUFF,

Major-general, Commanding.
HEADQUARTERS TWENTY-THIRD ARMY CORPS,Chitwood's, Tenn., August 28, 1863.

Brigadier General JULIUS WHITE,

Comdg. Second division, Twenty-third Army Corps:

Ascertain from the column which came from Glasgow the condition of the road from Glasgow to Albany, and determine which is

