
The following is a copy of a dispatch captured by Colonel Ray:

AT JOHN STONE'S, SEQUATCHIE COUNTY, TENN.,

August 11, 1863-9 a.m.

CAPTAIN: I just received your dispatch. I have been operating in this county yesterday and last night. I have taken up some 15 men. I turned them over to Captain Allin,commanding McDonald's battalion of cavalry, General Forrest's scouts. He will send them to Chattanooga to -day. I am going into Marion County three companies of the Fiftieth Tennessee Regiment Infantry in this county. There is not any cattle in this neighborhood that can be bought.

J. Y. WITHERSPOON,

Lieutenant, Commanding Scouts.

P. S.-No advance of the enemy above or near here in any direction.

J. Y. W.

P. H. SHERIDAN,

Major-General.

WINCHESTER, August 13, 1863-10.10 a.m.

General PALMER,

Manchester:

The general commanding directs that your order General Wagner to open the Park road at once.

R. S. THOMS,

Aide-de-Camp.

McMINNVILLE, August 13, 1863.

Brigadier-General GARFIELD,

Chief of Staff:

Scouts that have been to Sparta report that Dibrell's command,which was scattered by Colonel Minty on the 10th instant,has collected again at Sparta. Small parties are reported to be prowling of them. East Tennesseeans coming daily to join our army.

H. P. VAN CLEVE,

Brigadier-General.
HEADQUARTERS CONVALESCENT CAMP,Murfreesborough, Tenn., August 13, 1863.

Lieutenant Colonel C. GODDARD:

SIR: Having received recently a number of orders to send men to their regiments,with accompanying complaints from officers of regiments and brigades in the field against me for retaining men here fit for field duty, I beg to enter my protest against being the subject of such accusations, as I have weekly,ever since my command here,sent to the front all men reported to me by the surgeons,excepting those detailed in the redoubts,lunettes,and batteries of fortress Rosecrans,over which I have had no command since Major-General Granger took command here,when these men were turned over by his order to Major Houghtaling,who has since that time exercised

