HDQRS. SECOND BRIGADE, FOURTH DIVISION,8 1/2 Miles from Jamestown, Tenn., on Knoxville Road,

August 28, 1863.

Lieutenant Colonel GEORGE B. DRAKE,

Asst/ Adjt. General, 23rd Army Corps, Chitwood's, Tenn.:

COLONEL: Colonel F. W. Graham, Fifth Indiana Cavalry, has this morning turned over the command of this brigade to me, I being to senior colonel by date of muster and commission. I am informed by Colonel Graham that he has notified you of the condition of the brigade in reference to forage and rations. We are entirely without Government issue of forage, and the country is almost destitute of it. We are now subsisting the animals on green corn, but after to-day it will be very difficult in this vicinity to obtain even that. The farms are small and the soil very poor. It is reported that forage (green corn, and possibly old corn) can be obtained 25 or 30 miles in advance. Some forage could be obtained to our rear, on the east fork of Obey's River, about 15 miles, but General White's command, including the cavalry under Colonel Crittenden, are foraging there, and even that is chiefly green corn. This morning the brigade commissary issued one day's rations. He has nothing left but a portion of a day's rations of bread, with several days' rations of beef. The train of sixty wagons which came through from Lebanon via Albany is at Jamestown, under the control of Brigadier-General White. I am informed that it contains 30,000 rations. General White informed Colonel Graham yesterday that it would be divided between the Second Division at Jamestown and this brigade. It will be impossible to subsist either men or animals in this vicinity. I inclose to you a letter captured by my pickets last night. The letter was intended for the commanding officer of a scouting party send from Wartburg toward Jamestown. The prisoner captured with the letter says they were to fall back from Wartburg last night. It is the only force of which I could learn anything in the advance. I trust the general commanding the will see fit to permit us to advance to the front as soon as he may deem it proper.

Very respectfully,

JOHN W. FOSTER,

Colonel, Commanding.
HEADQUARTERS TWENTY-THIRD ARMY CORPS,chitwood's, Tenn., August 28, 1863.

Colonel FRANK WOLFORD,

Commanding Independent Cavalry Brigade:

By direction of the major-general commanding the corps, I have the honor to inform you that a regiment of infantry has been ordered to report to you when the train you are guarding passes this point. It will be under your instruction, and assist in the guarding of the train.

I am, colonel, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

E. O. BROWN,

Major and Acting Assistant Adjutant-General.

---------------

*Not found.

---------------

