
WASHINGTON, August 29, 1863-10.40 a.m.

Brig. General ALFRED W. ELLET,

Cairo, Ill.

Your command has been placed under charge of Major-General Grant. All applications for authority to recruit, or for other purposes, must be made to him.

EDWIN M. STANTON,

Secretary of War.

FORT MONROE, August 29, 1863.

(Received 6.40 p.m.)

Major-General HALLECK:

The flag-of-truce boat has just returned bringing Richmond dates to the 29th. The following is the telegraphic news:

* * * * * *

General Grant went up the river on Wednesday. Many citizens of Vicksburg, generally the lowest classes, have taken the oath of allegiance to the United States Government, but it is not generally exacted. Nine of the heavy guns are mounted on the river front. General Thomas is at Young's Point organizing negro regiments.

ATLANTA, August 25.

A special to the Appeal, dated Mobile, 24th, says that telegraphic communication with Grenada and intermediate points is reopened. The lines beyond Grenada and Waterville will be up to-morrow. James Richardson, late operator at Senatobia, is missing.

JACKSON, MISS., August 25.

A gentleman from Vicksburg reports an important military movement on foot. Its character has not transpired. A person from Benton also reports a force of 3,000 Yankees moving from Yazoo City toward Benton. A party of our cavalry lately crossed the Big Bleck and went within 8 miles of Vicksburg, where they met a line of negro pickets and chased them from their posts. The Yankee cavalry came up to their assistance when our men retired.

JACKSON, MISS., August 26.

Grant has taken a force from Vicksburg up the White River after General Price, who has lately given the Yankees a tremendous thrashing in that quarter. General Grant has lately issued orders to the citizens of Warren and Hinds Counties to return to their homes and resume their usual avocations. He says that they shall be protected in all property, except such as is necessary for the army; and that all property taken by the army shall be duly

