HEADQUARTERS DEPARTMENT OF THE CUMBERLAND,Stevenson, Ala., August 29, 1863.

Lieutenant Colonel JOHN B. BROWNLOW,

Ninth Tennessee Cavalry, Nashville:

The Secretary of War directs that no prisoners of war be enlisted in our army without his especial sanction in each case. The cases of the men you mention must be presented to him.

C. GODDARD,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

Journal of operations of the Fourteenth Army Corps.

AUGUST 29, 1863.

General Brannan sent two companies across the river without meeting any resistance;scoured the country within a circuit of 2 miles without discovering anything of the rebels. He was ordered to cross the balance of the regiment, and prepare to cross a brigade. A Mr. Edward H. Packard, who came into our lines yesterday, reports the rebels were loading their commissary stores and sending their sick and spare locomotives to the rear on the 14th when he passed through Chattanooga, the ordnance stores being already loaded. General Reynolds reports having crossed the river last night, and captured 6 prisoners and 12 animals; the notorious Matt. Carroll, a member of the rebel Legislature and conscripting officer, among the prisoners. Colonel Wilder reports having shelled the enemy's works, both at Chattanooga and Harrison's, on the 27th. Colonel Funkhouser, of Wilder's brigade, commanding at Harrison's, reports but few of the enemy to be seen; no guns in the works; ran the sharpshooters from the works, and disabled the ferry-boats. A cloud of dust was seen moving up the river, supposed to be caused by Colonel Allison's cavalry. Wagons were seen loading at Harrison's and moving toward railroad; moved up to Dallas, fired a few shots at small squad on picket; at Chattanooga shelled the town and all works in reach; received but two shots in return. They were from a 4-inch rifled gun. Drove teams and railroad trains out of town. The pontoons are still along the south shore under the batteries and rifle-pits, strongly guarded night and day. Burning of Running Water bridge confirmed.
HDQRS. THIRD DIVISION, FOURTEENTH ARMY CORPS,Battle Creek, Tenn., August 29, 1863- 1.30 a.m.

Lieutenant Colonel GEORGE E. FLYNT,

Asst. Adjt. General and Chief of Staff, 14th Army Corps:

COLONEL: Edward H. Packard, a citizen, crossed the river at Shellmound yesterday morning and reported to General Reynolds. He is now at these headquarters. He left Atlanta on the 13th instant, arriving at Chattanooga that night. Next day proceeded to the mines, 4 miles this side of Running Water Creek. The bridge at Running Water Creek was destroyed by the rebels on Sunday last, since which time no infantry has been in that vicinity. He left the mines yesterday morning (August 28), and found but one picket

