
(1 mounted man) between that point and Shellmound, there being no pickets whatever at the latter place. He signaled to our troops across the river and was brought over by them.

He represents that there is but one company this side of Running Water Creek, and that Bragg's lines are between Chattanooga and Lookout Mountain. The rebels appeared to be preparing to leave Chattanooga on Saturday last when Mr. Packard passed through, being engaged in loading their commissary stores, the ordnance stores being already loaded, and sending their sick and spare locomotives to the rear.

I am, colonel, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

J. M. BRANNAN,

Brigadier-General, Commanding Division.

[Indorsement.]

I have the honor to forward the above report of Brigadier-General Brannan.

Shall I order General Reynolds to cross the river with a portion or the whole of his command?

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

GEO. H. THOMAS.

Major-General, U. S. Volunteers, Commanding.
HEADQUARTERS FOURTEENTH ARMY CORPS,Bolivar, Ala., August 29, 1863-8.30 a.m.

Major-General ROSECRANS:

General Brannan can throw a regiment across the Tennessee tonight and capture the rebel pickets opposite him. He also reports that he can hold the other side. Shall he cross the regiment?

GEO. H. THOMAS,

Major-General, U. S. Volunteers, Commanding.
HEADQUARTERS DEPARTMENT OF THE CUMBERLAND,Stevenson, August 29, 1863-9.50 a.m.

Major General GEORGE H. THOMAS,

Commanding Fourteenth Corps:

GENERAL: Your communication of 8.30 a.m. is at hand. The general commanding directs that General Brannan be allowed to cross the regiment, as he proposes, and hold the other side.

I have the honor to be, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

C. GODDARD,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

P. S. - After crossing make preparations to cross a brigade as soon as possible, with rations and transportation to the 15th September.

GEO. H. THOMAS.

(Copy to General Brannan.)

BATTLE CREEK, August 29, 1863-12 m.

Lieutenant Colonel G. E. FLYNT,

Asst. Adjt. General, Fourteenth Army Corps:

I have a flat constructed that one company can cross at a time. I can cross a regiment at night, capturing the rebel pickets if desired.

