
STEVENSON, August 29, 1863.

(Received 12.30 p.m.)

Major-General THOMAS,

Bolivar, Ala.:

The general commanding wishes to hear the latest news from General Reynolds. Please ask him to signal it up at once.

R. S. THOMS,

Aide-de-Camp.

JASPER, August 29, 1863.

(Received 12.45 p.m.)

Colonel FLYNT:

Colonel King crossed the river last night and captured 6 prisoners, 12 animals, and a notorious conscriptor and member of the rebel Legislature named Matt. Carroll. Report by courier.

REYNOLDS,

General.
HEADQUARTERS FOURTH DIVISION, FOURTEENTH CORPS,Jasper, August 29, 1863-10 a.m.

Lieutenant-Colonel FLYNT,

Asst. Adjt. General, Headquarters Fourteenth Army Corps:

COLONEL: The following is a synopsis of information us received from Colonel Wilder, commanding First Brigade, dated at camp foot of mountain, Anderson road, August 28, 1863:

Shelled the works of the enemy both at Chattanooga and at Harrison's Landing yesterday (27th). Colonel Funkhouser, who conducted the attack at Harrison's, reports, viz:

"I this morning sent four companies to the mouth of Chickamauga and moved to Harrison's with the balance of the command (two regiments) and opened fire on their works at 9 a.m. But few of the enemy were to be seen. There are no guns in position, and I am satisfied there are none at that place. I ran the sharpshooters from their works; also sent one shot through the ferry-boat, disabling it entirely.

On opening fire this morning a cloud of dust could be seen moving up the river, and passed on up as far as we could see; supposed to be caused by Colonel Allison's squadron, as the movement was too rapid for infantry. At a point below the ferry we could see them loading wagons in the town of Harrison and then move off in the direction of the railroad. Not more than 25 men were to be seen in and about the works. At 1 p.m. I moved up to Dallas and fired a few shots at a small squad on picket, and at 3 p.m. started for camp."

* * * * * * * * *

At Chattanooga shelled the town and all the works in reach; received but two shots in reply; these were from a 4-inch rifled gun. Everything indicates a settled purpose to retreat, and a disposition to take everything that can be moved of any value. Drove the teams and railroad trains all out of town with a few shells. The pontoons are still along the south shore, under the batteries and rifle-works, strongly guarded day and night. At every point along the river a strong picket force is kept up. A deserter just in reports the trestle bridge over Running Water on the railroad burned (heretofore reported), all the roads obstructed. Lookout Mountain their line of defense, and no force but scouts and pickets west of the mountain.

Very respectfully, yours, obediently,

J. J. REYNOLDS.

Major-General.

