
all control over them ;yet notwithstanding this fact orders have been sent to me to release men in his command.

I beg in addition to report that in accordance to orders from you I have since the paymasters were through here sent nearly 1,000 men and 10 officers to their regiments,800 men and 9 officers to Nashville to Captain Peterson for the Invalid Coprs,having now in camp only those assigned to hospital and to be discharged,numbering some 125 men . These will be disposed of as soon as practicable. I am in hopes that the camp can be entirely broken up by the 1st of September at the furthest,if such be the wish of the general,whose orders 1 await with pleasure.

Quite a number of men sent to the Invalid Corps are still without descriptive rolls. I have sent to Captain Peterson for blank duplicate rolls,which,when received and filled,will be sent to their regiments.

I am,colonel,your most obedient servant,

G. A. SMITH,

Colonel, Commanding Convalescent Camp.

[Indorsements.]

POST HEADQUARTERS,

Murfreesborough, Tenn., August 14, 1863.

Respectfully forwarded.

JAMES D. MORGAN,

Brigadier-General, Commanding.
HEADQUARTERS DISTRICT OF THE CUMBERLAND,Nashville, Tenn., August 15, 1863.

Respectfully forwarded.

I take pleasure in bearing testimony to the manner of Colonel Smith in conducting business connected with his office. I know that he does not detain men unnecessarily.

G. GRANGER,

Major-General, Commanding.
HEADQUARTERS,Camp Nelson, Ky., August 13, 1863.

Major-General ROSECRANS:

Shall endeavor to start Saturday [15th,] moving a brigade of cavalry from Glasgow,a division of infantry from Danville,and two brigades of cavalry from Stanford. I already have one brigade of cavalry at Somerset.

We shall go into East Tennessee with the understanding that we are to live on the country,and as the entire command will not be over 14,000 strong,we shall value very much your assistance and co-operation and hold ourselves in readiness to co-operate with you in every possible way. Our destination will be as you suggest,and the time necessary for the march will be about what I have already notified you.

A. E. BURNSIDE,

Major-General.

