
BRIDGEPORT, August 29, 1863-2 p.m.

General GARFIELD,

Chief of Staff:

I want the lumber for flooring for bridge to-morrow at Bridgeport. Do not let me be disappointed.

P. H. SHERIDAN,

Major-General.

JASPER, August 29, 1863-4 p.m.

General GARFIELD,

Chief of Staff:

I crossed Michigan cavalry to-day. They have scouted several miles to the front. Report evacuation of Chattanooga.

P. H. SHERIDAN,

Major-General.

DUNLAP, August 29, 1863-1 p.m.

[General J. A. GARFIELD,

Chief of Staff:]

Van Cleve's courier, who has returned, reports Brigadier General Julius White at Jamestown on the 26th, with a large Federal force there.

Burnside was not there, but the communication addressed to him by Van Cleve would be forwarded to him, and probably reach him on the 27th. Nothing new from other points.

T. S. CRITTENDEN,

Major-General, Comdg. Twenty-first Army Corps.
HEADQUARTERS SECOND BRIGADE,August 29, 1863.

[Captain M. P. BESTOW,

Assistant Adjutant-General:]

CAPTAIN: To-day I had the city and works at Chattanooga shelled.

They only replied with one gun; and only three or four shots with that, and there are very few soldiers in the city.

Adeserter came to us to-day who left his command last evening.

He belongs to the Thirty-seventh Tennessee, Bate's brigade, Stewart's division, and has been encamped on the river about 8 miles above the city. This brigade got aboard the cars at Tyner's Station last evening. Report said they were going to Kingston; at all events, they went to Cleveland. From there they could go either in the direction of Knoxville or toward Atlanta. He made his escape about the time the train started. He says their forces are moving up the river.

The citizens living on this bank of the river above the city say that several bodies of troops passed up the river yesterday on foot, and a battery was seen going in the same direction on the cars. This evening no camp-fires can be seen between the city and Harrison's, except a very small camp at Friar's Island, and about the usual camp at Tyner's Station. Much less than yesterday.

