
There is still a large camp in rear of city, but does not seem as large as heretofore. Camp still on the Bridgeport road. They have moved about so much since I have first seen their camp that I do not attach as much importance to their moving as I should have done a week since, but I still think they are sending some troops up the river, probably against Burnside.

Of the shell I used to-day but few burst, and most of those were premature explosions. This should be looked to. If the ammunition is as worthless as this, more should be had immediately.

[G. D. WAGNER,

Brigadier-General.]
HEADQUARTERS U. S. FORCES,Poe's Tavern, August 29, 1863-3 p.m.

Captain J. R. MUHLEMAN,

Assistant Adjutant-General:

I inclose you the statement of 2 deserters just taken. I give pretty full credence to it. There is nothing new here. The enemy appear to have pickets with reserves all along the river. I watch them closely.

I have on hand rations as follows: The Forty-first Ohio Volunteers, seven full days; the Sixth and One hundred and twenty-fourth Ohio, six full days; the Sixth Kentucky and Ninth Indiana Volunteers and battery, five full days. All of the bread rations is hard bread. I am getting a good quality of flour.

Very respectfully,

W. B. HAZEN,

Brigadier-General.

[Inclosure.]

POE'S TAVERN, August 29, 1863-2 p.m.

Private S. J. Mitchell, a deserter from Company D, Newman's battalion, Brown's brigade, says he was sent from Wartrace to the hospital at Tunnel Hill, Ga., some time in the month of June last, and had been there until Wednesday, of this week, when he deserted, and swam the Tennessee River this morning. Says that Tunnel Hill is on the Chattanooga and Atlanta railroad. That from the time our troops fired the first gun in front of Chattanooga to the day he left the hospital (three days since), the railroad has been very active in carrying to the rear all kinds of army property, including machinery, disabled engines, and, in fact, everything an army possesses. That from six to ten trains so loaded passed daily, That the quantity of property thus transported has been very great, and, as he believes, includes all of the property of Bragg's army, except that carried upon the soldiers and wagons. That the citizens have also removed immense quantities of property in the same direction. That Bragg has been trying all this time to get re-enforcements from Johnston, but can get one. That no one over the river expects the army to fight this side of Atlanta. He also says Charleston has fallen, and that Burnside has Knoxville. That a brigade of mississippi troops were sent to Atlanta, as a guard, after the evacuation of Tullahoma. That this brigade was brought to the front when we appeared in front of Chattanooga, and that no other troops have passed over the railroad at that point recently.

