
Private J. H. Morris, a deserter from Company K, Thirty-second Tennessee, has been, all the time that we have been here, at Ringgold, a point on the Atlanta railroad 7 miles this side of Tunnel Hill, until Wednesday last, when he deserted and swam the Tennessee River last night. He confirms all that Mitchell has stated.

W. B. HAZEN,

Brigadier-General.
HDQRS. THIRD DIV., TWENTY-FIRST ARMY CORPS,Pikeville, Tenn., August 29, 1863.

(Received 12.15 p.m.)

Lieutenant Colonel LYNE STARLING,

Chief of Staff, Twenty-first Army Corps:

COLONEL: The inclosed letter from General White, received in answer to one sent by me to General Burnside, was received during the night. My courier reports a large Federal force at Jamestown.

I have sent to Colonel Minty for a map of his field of operations. Blythe's (by the citizens generally called Hutchinson's) Ferry is at the foot of Folly Island, mouth of Hiwassee River; Doughty's Ferry is said to be about 3 miles below.

In a previous letter I informed you that I had received by my train 20,000 rations. That was for my own division. In addition, I should have mentioned that the train brought over ten days' rations for Colonel Minty's cavalry.

I have a mill in operation that can grind about 60 bushels of wheat per day. Commenced yesterday. By my train that should arrive this evening, my supply of rations should be increased to fourteen days.

I have a party working on the road over the last hills of the Cumberland Mountains, which I hope will be the means of saving some of my wagons and teams.

Very respectfully, your most obedient servant,

H. P. VAN CLEVE,

Brigadier-General, Commanding Division.

[Inclosure.]
HEADQUARTERS U. S. FORCES,Jamestown, Tenn., August 27, 1863.

Lieutenant Colonel LYNE STARLING,

Chief of Staff, Twenty-first Army Corps:

The communication forwarded by the hands of S. P. Doss was received by me last evening and sent forward to the officer to whom it was addressed. It will probably reach him to-day, but of this I am not certain.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

JULIUS WHITE,

Brigadier-General, Commanding.
HEADQUARTERS DEPARTMENT OF THE CUMBERLAND,

[August 29, 1863]

Major General GORDON GRANGER,

Nashville:

Order the troops at Alexandria to march at once to McMinnville to relieve the brigade of Van Cleve's division now there. Direct the

