
Alexandria troops to have everything in readiness to move to Pikeville as soon as ordered. Van Cleve's brigade will join its division as soon as relieved by the Alexandria troops. Ascertain if Carthage cannot be safely evacuated, and, if so, have the stores now there wagoned to McMinnville. Hasten the movement from Alexandria as much as possible.

By order of Major-General Rosecrans:

C. GODDARD,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

NASHVILLE, August 29, 1863-4 p.m.

General ROSECRANS:

General Morgan will probably reach Athens to-night. McCook Marched from Columbia for same point this morning. Please send them rations. The regiments from Donelson and Clarksville should reach Columbia to-morrow. The telegraph and railroad are being pushed forward as rapidly as possible. It will take several weeks to finish the railroad. All quit. How are you, and what are you all up to?

G. GRANGER.

Major-General.

COLUMBIA, TENN.,

August 29, 1863.

Major General G. GRANGER:

GENERAL: Some such decided measures as you adopted at Franklin must be adopted here and at Pulaski to break the necks of the rebels. As far as your influence extended their conduct was perfectly refreshing, but south of Duck River they are impudent and defiant; they must be "Grangerized." Mrs. Hunter, on Carter's Creek, should be sent south-she and daughter; says she helped to burn the bridges before and will do it again. All the families you sent from Franklin should be sent south of the Tennessee; they spread wide dissatisfaction.

We captured one of Forrest's scouts. He wishes to be paroled and give bond for his future good behavior. Can it be done?

DAN'L McCOOK,

Colonel, Commanding Brigade.

STEVENSON, ALA.,

August 29, 1863-11.45 p.m.

COMMANDING OFFICER,

McMinnville:

The troops from Alexandria have been ordered to relieve you. As soon as they arrive turn over the post and your instructions to the commanding officer, load your wagons with all the rations you can haul, and report with your brigade to your division commander.

By order of Major-General Rosecrans:

C. GODDARD,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

