
LARKINSVILLE, ALA.,

August 29, 1863.

Colonel L. D. WATKINS,

Commanding Third Brigade, Maysville, Ala.:

In accordance with orders from Major-General Stanley, the colonel commanding directs that you move two of your regiments to Huntsville, and that till further orders you cover the same country as heretofore.

Respectfully,

JNumbers PRATT,

Assistant Adjutant-General.
HEADQUARTERS ARMY OF THE OHIO,Near Redman's, August 29, 1863.

Major-General HARTSUFF,

Commanding Twenty-third Army Corps:

GENERAL: I am pretty well satisfied that you will not be able to get farther than New River to-night, as there is no encampment between that place and Redman's, which is 8 or 9 miles from New River. Let Shackelford push forward as rapidly as possible, and I will either give or leave directions for him, and will communicate with you from my encampment to-night. The question of forage and subsistence will be settled by the movements of White's and Foster's commands; they may have to subsist upon fresh meat for a few days.

Please send a messenger to me if you have to stop at New River. I may encamp this side of Montgomery. Pegram's dispatch indicates to my mind that the enemy are falling back. general Carter has just joined me.

Very respectfully, yours,

A. E. BURNSIDE,

Major-General.
HEADQUARTERS DEPARTMENT OF THE TENNESSEE,Vicksburg, Miss., August 30, 1863.

General H. W. HALLECK,

Washington, D. C.:

I shall start this evening on a short trip to New Orleans, remaining there but a day or two. General Banks is not yet off, and I am desirous of seeing him before he starts to learn his plans and see how I may help him. The general is very anxious for more cavalry, but I have none whatever here at present. I am looking for the return o that sent north-to save, if they could, the rolling-stock near Grenada-daily, and also for 2,000 more, which Hurlbut says he can spare me. If they arrive in time I will send a portion to Banks, though I cannot well spare them.

S. D. Lee, who was one of the generals paroled here, is in command of all the cavalry in my front. I am somewhat at a loss to know by what means he has been released from the obligations of his parole, but suppose it must be all right. I have taken measures to ascertain if he has been exchanged.

