
VICKSBURG, MISS.,

August 30, 1863.

Major General W. T. SHERMAN,

Commanding Fifteenth Army Corps:

GENERAL: The colonel is a stranger to me, and at headquarters we have no knowledge of his qualifications. He called here on his way to join his regiment, and, speaking of his muster, I informed him that I did not think the regiment had the requisite number to entitle it to a colonel under General Orders, Adjutant-General's Office, Nos. 110 and 182, current series. In absence of good evidence that he is a better officer than any of the other field officers of the regiment, my opinion is the orders should be strictly adhered to. If he was known to be a superior man steps might be taken to secure his muster. Colonel Hatch, a good officer, will be here to command the cavalry.

JNumbers A. RAWLINS,

Brigadier-General.

SHERMAN'S HEADQUARTERS,

August 30, 1863.

General RAWLINS,

Assistant Adjutant-General:

Have received your dispatch and that of General Grant. I will not muster in Colonel McConnell. With a good cavalry leader and some three or four young majors, such as I have in Winslow and Noble, I will break up Lee's forces or make them concentrate. Please notify me when my cavalry comes from Memphis. I need it all the time.

W. T. SHERMAN,

Major-General.

SHERMAN'S HEADQUARTERS,

August 30, 1863.

Colonel CORSE,

Oak Ridge:

I send this morning for the 2 prisoners taken claiming to belong to Pinson's regiment. I contend the Confederates must uniform their combatants; else the non-combatants must suffer all the legitimate fruits of war. My orders are out for the merging of your brigade with the Second and Third of the Fourth Division, and as soon after the 1st of September as Buckland and relieve you by a brigade you will take command at Messinger's.

SHERMAN.
HEADQUARTERS CAVALRY DIVISION,Vernon, August 30, 1863.

Major General W. T. SHERMAN, U. S. Army,

Commanding, &amp;c., on Big Black:

GENERAL: Your communication of August 28 has just reached me here. In reply I have the honor to state that Major General S. D. Lee assumed command of the cavalry in the State of Mississippi on the 18th. He informed me that he had been notified of his exchange by the authorities at Richmond. I will present your letter to him

