
GENERAL FIELD ORDERS,HDQRS. ARMY OF THE OHIO,

Numbers 1.In the Field, Camp Nelson, Ky.,

August 13,186

I. The negro laborers impressed for service on the public words will be disposed of by Brigadier-General Boyle,according to his judgment and discretion,and in pursuance of such orders as may be subsisted as other laborers in the service,and commissaries of subsistence and quartermasters will issue supplies according to orders of Brigadier -General Boyle,and certified vouchers will be issued for value of labor according to his orders. Brigadier-General Boyle is charged with the control of all laborers on public works,and will execute same according to directions from these headquarters,and he is authorized to employ citizens to superintend the said laborers,and order quartermasters to pay same monthly.

II. Brigadier-General Boyle is ordered to take the right of way for roads and other grounds for the use of the Government and all timber required in construction of roads and other public works.

III. The First Division of the Twenty-third Army Corps,assigned to the command of Brigadier -General Boyle by general orders from headquarters Twenty-third Army Corps,embraces all troops recently recruited,and not assigned to other division by the above order,or not included in the reorganization of the Ninth Army Corps. Troops acting as provost-guards,throughout,will be temporarily attached to this division.

By order of Major-General Burnside:

LEWIS RICHMOND,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

CINCINNATI, August 13, 1863.

General BURNSIDE,

Camp Nelson:

I received no instructions from you during the night,but I was told by the operation at the Ohio and Mississippi office this morning that a message had been sent through from one of their regiments directing the division to go by way of Louisville. The Eleventh New Hampshire left Sandoval at 4 this morning,the Thirty-fifth Massachusetts and the Fifty -first New York are now there. This will bring the Eleventh New Hampshire to Seymour at about 10 o'clock,and will give time for any arrangements you may direct,whether or not they are to go by the way of Louisville.

LEWIS RICHMOND,

Assistant Adjutant-General,

CAIRO, August 13, 1863.

Colonel L. RICHMOND:

The troops of Potter's division-Fifty-first New York, Thirty-fifth Massachusetts,and Eleventh New Hampshire Regiments,1,300 men in all-have been intercepted on railroad and will turn off at Seymour as ordered. There are seven regiments and two batteries of the division yet arrive.

JNO. H. COALE.

Lieutenant-Colonel.

