
GENERAL ORDERS, HDQRS. DEPT. OF THE CUMBERLAND,

Numbers 213. Stevenson, Ala., August 30, 1863.

The Secretary of War has directed that,except in special cases, no prisoners of war will be enlisted in our army. Whenever, therefore, a prisoner of war desires to enlist in this army, a statement, giving in brief the history of his connection with the rebel army, must be forwarded to these headquarters; and no such enlistments will be made without the special sanction of the department commander or the Secretary of War.

By commander of Major-General Rosecrans:

C. GODDARD,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

Major-General THOMAS:

The general commanding directs you to send a division to Bridgeport immediately to relieve General Sheridan's division.

J. A. GARFIELD.

Brigadier-General and Chief of Staff.

STEVENSON, ALA., August 30, 1863-10 p.m.

(Received 11.40)

Major-General THOMAS,

Commanding Fourteenth Army Corps:

The general commanding directs you to put the regular brigade in readiness and post it as soon as possible, so as to guard the line of railroad and posts from the mountains above Anderson to Bridgeport, until all be relieved by Colonel McCook's brigade, now en route from Athens.

J. A. GARFIELD,

Brigadier-General and Chief of Staff.

Journal of operations of the Fourteenth Army Corps.

AUGUST 30, 1863.

General Reynolds reports he has seven boats, and can cross 400 men and hour. He will send a strong reconnaissance in the direction of Trenton. General Negley ordered to send a brigade to Stevenson to relieve the brigade of General Sheridan's division, not here. General Reynolds' reconnaissance went in the direction of Chatanooga, instead of Trenton. Instructions given for the Fourteenth Army Corps to move on the 2nd September.
HEADQUARTERS FOURTEENTH ARMY CORPS,Bolivar Springs, August 30, 1863.

Brigadier General A. BAIRD,

Commanding First Division:

The general commanding directs that you detail, temporarily, General King's brigade to relieve all guards on the railroad from

