
Tantalon to Bridgeport, with his headquarters at Stevenson. The brigades should be supplied with six days' rations, within which time they will be relieved by General Granger, of the Reserve Corps. When relieved, Brigadier-General King will concentrate his command at Bridgeport, where he will provide them with as many rations as can be conveniently transported, and join his division.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

GEO. E. FLYNT,

Assistant Adjutant-General and Chief of Staff.
HEADQUARTERS FOURTEENTH ARMY CORPS,Bolivar Springs, August 30, 1863.

Major-General NEGLEY,

Commanding Second Division:

You are directed by the general commanding to move at once with your division to Bridgeport to relieve General Sheridan's division.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

GEORGE E. FLYNT.

Assistant Adjutant-General and Chief of Staff.
HEADQUARTERS DEPARTMENT OF THE CUMBERLAND,Stevenson, Ala., August 30, 1863-5.30 p.m.

Major-General NEGLEY,

Comdg. Second Division, Twentieth Army Corps:

The general commanding directs that instead of moving your division to Bridgeport you send one brigade only to Stevenson to relieve that part of General Sheridan's division now there. The balance of your division will remain where it is till further orders.

General Thomas has been notified of this change in your orders.

J. A. GARFIELD,

Brigadier-General, Chief of Staff.
HDQRS. THIRD DIV., FOURTEENTH ARMY CORPS,Battle Creek, Tenn., August 30, 1863-7.15 p.m.

Lieutenant Colonel GEORGE E. FLYNT,

Assistant Adjutant-General and Chief of Staff:

COLONEL: I have the honor to report that the Third (Colonel Van Derveer's) Brigades has crossed the river, with the exception of Smith's battery, Fourth U. S. Artillery, which will cross during the night. My scouts have been beyond the railroad without discovering any of the rebels. I learn from citizens on the other side that our cavalry captured half of Rice's (rebel) company to-day, killing 4.

I shall move Colonel Van Derveer's brigade across the railroad to the foot of the mountain to-morrow, where there is plenty of water and forage.

The water-tank on the railroad is not injured, and has a large supply of water.

I expect to get the infantry of the First Brigade across to-night.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

J. M. BRANNAN,

Brigadier-General, Commanding Division.

