HDQRS. FOURTH DIV., FOURTEENTH ARMY CORPS,Jasper, August 30, 1863-8 a. m.

Lieutenant-Colonel FLYNT:

COLONEL: I can now report that we have at Shellmound, ready for immediate use, seven flat-boats, another new one nearly finished, and the prospect of getting one or two more. At the present moment we are prepared to cross 400 men per hour. Batteries and wagons will consume more time, but we can cross the transportation of a regiment in half an hour. I give this last as an average, and am satisfied we can work up to it. Six of our boats will each carry a wagon and team at a trip, and one or two of them more.

Parties have been almost continually on the south side of the river in various directions since the night of the 22nd, when we first took possession of the south bank of the river.

Will report to-morrow morning the result of a strong reconnaissance to Trenton, now in preparation. We can cross any number of troops at the Shellmound ferry, at the above rate, and can commence the movement at any moment.

Very respectfully,

J. J. REYNOLDS,

Major-General, Commanding.
HEADQUARTERS FOURTEENTH ARMY CORPS,August 30, 1863-12.30 p.m.

General REYNOLDS:

The general commanding desires to know what means you have at your command at this time for crossing the Fourth Division. Can you throw the division across at once, with your artillery, ammunition, and subsistence, so as to send back your regimental and supply trains to Stevenson for supplies? If possible, twenty-five days' must be on hand, and transportation furnished for that amount, from the time the troops march from a point on the opposite side of the river. To meet this, surplus baggage must be left at the rear.

The order for General Brannan to cross a brigade, forwarded yesterday morning, had not reached Brannan at 6.30 las evening. Orders have been forwarded to cross to-day; instructions in regard to sending back trains also forwarded. Instruct the trains to join you via Bridgeport, as a bridge will be thrown across there at once.

GEO. E. FLYNT,

Lieutenant Colonel Asst. Adjt. General, and Chief of Staff.
HDQRS. FOURTH DIV., FOURTEENTH ARMY CORPS,August 30, 1863-2.30 p.m.

(Received 4.45 p.m.)

Colonel FLYNT:

Your dispatch per signal received. Mine by courier this morning will explain means of crossing. The reconnaissance intended for Trenton will be sent to-morrow toward Chattanooga. Principal part of King's brigade will cross this evening.

J. J. REYNOLDS,

Major-General, Commanding.

