HEADQUARTERS FOURTEENTH ARMY CORPS,Bolivar, August 30, 1863-4.55 p.m.

General REYNOLDS:

Your dispatch just received. the general commanding directs that you cross your whole division at Shellmound ferry, following the directions forwarded this morning.

GEO. E. FLYNT,

Lieutenant Colonel, Asst. Adjt. General, and Chief of Staff.
HDQRS. FIRST BRIG., FOURTH DIV., 14TH ARMY CORPS,Foot of Mountain, Anderson Road, August 30, 1863.

Lieutenant Colonel C. GODDARD,

Assistant Adjutant-General:

I have the honor to report that nothing of significant interest has been seen, heard, or done here since my last report. General Wagner came down the mountain yesterday with two regiments of infantry and two pieces of artillery and threw a few shell into the town and at the work, but only drew from them one shot. All is quiet in town, which indicates that everything of value has been removed.

Colonel Funkhouser, commanding detachment at Poe's Tavern, and operating against Harrison and Dallas, reports, under date of August 29, 1863, 6 p.m., as follows:

COLONEL: I have nothing of importance to report this evening. Nothing new has transpired at Harrison or Dallas. There are not more than 10 men at the two fords that can be seen. A small squad was at work at Igou's. An unusual amount of drum-beating was heard last night and this morning. The party that went to the mouth of the Chickamauga report that four guns are mounted there, and a guard of about three companies can be seen. A wagon train was visible on the road, but could not make out which way it was going, but concluded it was coming to the ferry. Some four or five teams were seen taking forage out of the valley to the hill on which the guns are planted. Two deserters came in to-day. They say they left camp at Tunnel Hill on Wednesday last. Also say that from the time we fired the first gun at Chattanooga the cars have been laden, going south, with all manner of military goods, including disabled engines and cars; and that the universal cry of the people on the other side of the river is that they are not going to fight us this side of Atlanta.

Respectfully,

JOHN J. FUNKHOUSER,

Colonel, Commanding.

I am, colonel, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

JNumbers T. WILDER,

Colonel, Commanding Brigade.

STEVENSON, August 30, 1863.

Brigadier-General LYTLE,

Bridgeport:

The general commanding wishes to know if there is sufficient lumber to cover the bridge. Please send a aide to Colonel Hunton on the subject.

R. S. THOMS,

Aide-de-Camp.

