
BRIDGEPORT, August 30, 1863-4.40 p.m.

R. S. THOMS,

Aide-de-Camp:

Colonel Hunton reports he has plank sufficient to cover 1,000 linear feet of bridge.

W. H. LYTLE,

Brigadier-General.
HEADQUARTERS DEPARTMENT OF THE CUMBERLAND,Stevenson, August 30, 1863.

General LYTLE,

Bridgeport:

The general commanding directs that you have the ford near Bridgeport well marked on the shore and buoys placed in the water; also fit the banks to render the approach easy.

R. S. THOMS,

Aide-de-Camp.
HEADQUARTERS DEPARTMENT OF THE CUMBERLAND,Stevenson, Ala., August 30, 1863-9.30 p.m.

Brigadier-General LYTLE,

Bridgeport:

A train loaded with pontoons will reach Bridge;port at 11 p.m. this evening. The general commanding directs you to make a detail to unload them as rapidly as possible. The train will then return for another load, which will reach you a little before daylight. Have you another detail to unload the second lot as soon as they arrive?

J. A. GARFIELD,

Brigadier-General and Chief of Staff.

STEVENSON, August 30, 1863.

Brigadier-General GARFIELD:

The following dispatch has been received from Bridgeport:

General SHERIDAN:

Major Godley has reported he went as far as Running Water, but found no enemy except a small party of cavalry, who went back. One regiment of our infantry crossed at Battle Creek to-day. He crossed the river himself at Shellmound, and says they will be prepared to m=commence ferrying there in the morning. He learned from General Reynolds' assistant adjutant-general that Wilder had reported he had shelled Chattanooga yesterday morning without reply, and that the enemy had abandoned Harrison, where they had thrown up rifle-pits. The foot-bridge at the island was completed at 4 p.m. Major Godley learned from a contraband that at noon yesterday the enemy had made all preparations for abandoning Trenton, wagons loaded, &amp;c. Lieutenant Carroll, formerly Sixth Alabama Infantry, and Petty, of Eighth Tennessee, brought in by Godlely, reported that rebel cavalry told them yesterday morning two or three companies of cavalry were the only force in Chattanooga.

W. H. LYTLE,

Brigadier-General.

P. H. SHERIDAN,

Major-General.

