
The first line of intrenchments is now about a quarter of a mile long, and a second line has been commenced on the brow of a hill or bluff about 200 or 300 yards farther back.

All is quiet across the river except at Doughty's, where the working parties are kept pretty busy. Yesterday and the day before, my scouts penetrated beyond Sulphur Springs, driving the enemy's scouting parties before them.

A deserter from Rucker's Legion, who came in this morning, reports that the rebel pickets were driven in at Wartburg on Thursday last.

I trust General Van Cleve will send me the Third Indiana Cavalry the moment it arrives in Pikeville. My scouts traverse about 150 square miles daily, which, together with picketing, makes the duty too heavy on both men and horses.

I am, respectfully, your obedient servant,

R. H. G. MINTY,

Colonel, Commanding.
HDQRS. FIRST DIVISION, TWENTY-FIRST ARMY CORPS,Therman, E. Tenn., August 30, 1863.

Brigadier General J. A. GARFIELD,

Chief of Staff:

GENERAL: Information received from General Wagner indicates that the rebels are moving a considerable force up the East Tennessee railroad. This information is corroborate by deserters and prisoners. They assign as a reason for the movement, that it is General Bragg's intention to concentrate a sufficient force on our extreme left to overwhelm Burnside, if possible. I am not sufficiently informed of Burnside's strength or the disposition of his forces to say whether the rebels can succeed in this design. I deem it proper that the commanding general of our army should be in possession of the information.

A prisoner from a Mississippi regiment, captured yesterday, says Bragg has not been re-enforced by Johnston. The man is intelligent, and conversed freely. He intimates that it would be absurd to suppose that Johnston will be withdrawn from Mississippi; which gives Grant his way entirely in both Mississippi and Alabama. How much reliance should be placed in his story or his opinion I do not know, and present them for the commanding general's consideration.

I am, general, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

TH. J. WOOD,

Brigadier-General of Volunteers, Commanding.
HDQRS. THIRD DIVISION, TWENTY-FIRST ARMY CORPS,Pikeville, Tenn., August 30, 1863.

Lieutenant Colonel LYNE STARLING,

Chief of Staff, Twenty-first Army Corps:

COLONEL: A supply train arrived yesterday and another to-day. We have now on hand about sixteen days' rations, with the exception of meat, most of which se are expected to find in the country. This morning a train left for McMinnvelle. On Tuesday I send back the cavalry supply train. They are well supplied, but not as well as my own division. I inclose statement of Lieutenant Smith, acting division commissary.

