
Colonel Klein arrived this afternoon from Rock Island. I send him to-morrow morning to the north end of this valley to try to pu an end to rebel raids from Kingston to this valley, and also to bring in cattle that the rebels are gathering to drive off. I shall also endeavor to communicate again with Burnside's forces. Have heard nothing since my last.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

H. P. VAN CLEVE,

Brigadier-General, Commanding Division.

NASHVILLE, August 30, 1863-1.30 a.m.

General GARFIELD:

The Fifth Iowa Cavalry cannot be spared from Murfreesborough; instead of taking it away, I need two more regiments to send forward your beef and other supplies and do the escort duty absolutely required. All the supplies for Murfreesborough and Fayetteville are hauled from Nashville and Shelbyville in wagons. Your line of communications is all important and must be kept open, and cavalry, as you know, is hourly need. Could I get equipments and horses I could mount infantry to perform this duty, but as it is I must do the best in my power. No cavalry equipments have arrived; whose fault is it? The necessary orders will be given to McCook on his arrival at Huntsville. You must see that supplies are sent to him and Morgan.

G. GRANGER,

Major-General.
HEADQUARTERS DEPARTMENT OF THE CUMBERLAND,August 30, 1863.

Major-General GRANGER, Nashville:

The general commanding thinks it will not be necessary for you to send the Fourth Tennessee Cavalry to Carthage. That post is of but little importance now, and can either be held by a small detachment from Gallatin or abandoned. The Lebanon country ought to be cleared out if it is not done already. He thinks you had better send the Fifth Iowa Cavalry to or toward McMinnville. Send McCook to close in from Huntsville this way, so as to protect this line of railroad. Relieve the command at Cowan at once, and direct Steedman to occupy it. There are 700 convalescents there, many of whom can be used as a garrison force, at all events for defense in case of attack. We are crossing the river. Have laid a pontoonbridge and crossed nearly two divisions without opposition. I am nearly recovered.

J. A. GARFIELD,

Brigadier-General, Chief of Staff.

STEVENSON, ALA., August 30, 1863.

Major General G. GRANGER, Nashville:

Send all the men and officers belonging to the Third Ohio Infantry to report immediately to Brigadier General John Beatty, Negley's division, at this place.

By order of Major-General Rosecrans:

C. GODDARD,.

Assistant Adjutant-General.

