
NASHVILLE, August 30, 1863-4.50 p.m.

Major-General ROSECRANS:

Morgan reached Athens yesterday. Sent orders last night for him to proceed to Huntsville. McCook is en route for same place. The troops at Alexandria have been ordered to McMinnville. I will relieve the regiment at Carthage bay Fourth East Tennessee Cavalry and push it forward. It is reported that Forrest is at Courtland and Roddey at Tuscumbia. What's the news?

G. GRANGER,

Major-General.

STEVENSON, ALA.,

August 30, 1863.

Brigadier General J. D. MORGAN,

Via Larkinsville:

Orders have been sent to General Granger to direct you to move with your command at once to Huntsville, the movement of the enemy rendering the occupation of Athens unnecessary. If this reaches you in advance of orders from General Granger move at once. The chief commissary has been ordered to feed you via Stevenson and the Memphis and Charleston Railroad.

By order:

C. GODDARD,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

Colonel ED. M. McCOOK,

Larkinsville:

You will please forward above by couriers to Athens immediately.

By order:

C. GODDARD,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

ATHENS, August 30,* 1863.

General GARFIELD,

Chief of Staff:

Arrived here with four regiments of infantry and one battery, four pieces of the First Brigade, Second Division, Reserve Corps, and seven companies Tenth Ohio Cavalry. Found no enemy. Left Columbia on the 26th instant. Captured 1 lieutenant and 12 men of Roddey's command. Was ordered to draw supplies from Huntsville, Ala.; shall send train for commissary stored on the 31st; have rations until 5th proximo. Rebel force reported at Decatur, Bainbridge, Courtland, and Tuscumbia. General Forrest is reported at Courtland. The courier will wait for answer at Huntsville.

JAS. D. MORGAN,

Brigadier-General.

STEVENSON, August 30, 1863.

Brigadier-General MORGAN:

Your dispatch is received. You have already been ordered to move with your command to Huntsville; McCook will follow you. You

---------------

*Another copy dated August 29, 2 p.m.

---------------

