
CAMP NELSON, August 13, 1863.

L. RICHMOND,

Assistant Adjutant-General:

General Potter's division will not be turned off at Seymour,but will proceed to Cincinnati to remain there till it can be sent here over Covington and Lexington Railroad. I have notified Ohio and Mississippi Railroad.

A. E. BURNSIDE.

CIRCULAR.]
HEADQUARTERS FIFTEENTH ARMY CORPS,Camp near Black River, August 13, 1863.

Such cotton marked C. S. A.as may be in the vicinity of the camps of this command will be collected under the direction of the department,invoiced to Mr. Montrose,special agent of the Treasury Department,at Vicksgurg.

By order of Major General W. T. Sherman:

R. M. SAWYER,

Assistant Adjutant-General.
HEADQUARTERS DEPARTMENT OF THE TENNESSEE,Vicksburg, Miss., August 14, 1863.

Brig. General L. THOMAS,

Adjutant-General of the Army:

GENERAL: Inclosed I send you a letter directed to General Ransom from A. T. Bowie. This is bur one of numerous complaints made of the conduct of the Marine Brigade under General Ellet.

I think it highly probable the charges brought against the Marine Brigade are exaggerated. But that this conduct is bad,and their services but very slight in comparison to the great expense they are to Government and the injury they do, I do not doubt. Seven of the finest boats on the Mississippi River are kept for the use of this brigade-the brigade, I understand,not numbering over 800 effective men. They live on board their boats,keeping cavalry horses and all with them, I should think very much to the prejudice of their effectiveness and the good of the service.

These boats,in charge of the department commander,might be made very useful in transporting troops from one place to another within the department,and in carrying troops to operate against guerrillas. But then the troops should be selected with reference to their commanding officer,and the numbers necessary with reference to the service to be performed.

If there is nothing in the terms of enlistment of the Marine Brigade to prevent it, I would earnestly reconvene that they be transferred to the land service and their boats to the quartermaster's department,to be used as suggested above. If they cannot be so transferred, I would as earnestly recommend that the whole brigade be mustered out of service and the boats be taken for general use. I am fully satisfied the boats are worth much more to the service than the boats and men.

I am,general,very respectfully,your obedient servant,

U. S. GRANT,

Major-General.

