HEADQUARTERS DEPARTMENT OF THE CUMBERLAND,Stevenson, Ala., August 30, 1863.

Major-General BURNSIDE,

Chitwood's, Tenn.:

Your dispatch received. We are crossing at Bridgeport; shall flank the enemy's position at Chattanooga and even at Dalton, if not south, depending on his movements. Our present indications are that he will retreat toward Atlanta. This will clear your flank and front, and probably leave Forrest between us. Van Cleve will close down toward us. Please shut the gap between your position and Pikeville with your cavalry. Send in the Second Ohio and Third Kentucky. Should the rebels evacuate Chattanooga, Crittenden will close above or at that place. The main force will move down and join our left, moving day after to-morrow. Let me hear from you.

W. S. ROSECRANS, Major-General.
HEADQUARTERS ARMY OF THE OHIO, Montgomery, Tenn., August 30, 1863.

Major-General HARTSUFF,Commanding Twenty-third Army Corps:

Shackelford's brigade will encamp here, Foster's at Schooler's, and Byrd's at Emery Iron-Works. A portion of the Second Tennessee have been ordered up to reconnoiter Winter's Gap. White has arrived here with his entire division and in first-rate condition, with four or five days' supplies. Foster's brigade has also four days' supplies. There is abundance of forage a few miles in advance of this place. Send instructions to the rear guard to give every possible assistance to the supply and ammunition trains by to-morrow night. If necessary a part or the whole of Hascall's division should be detailed to assist the trains. Four miles beyond this place I shall concentrate all the surplus wagons, put them in camp, and leave a guard over them, thus enabling us to move light. I am sorry to hear of the great loss of animals. Quartermasters who have failed to forage their animals on this route are inefficient and not fit for their positions. I desire that you require of Colonel Goulding an explanation, to be forwarded to me, why he has not taken more pains to see that the general supply and ammunition trains, as well as the division trains, have not been cared for and forwarded more rapidly; very great neglect and inefficiency seem apparent, and unless satisfactory explanation be given, I shall adopt the most summary means of punishment. I expected you here to-night; otherwise should have gone 4 miles farther. I shall move General White forward in the morning, as well as all the cavalry. Please give me the latest information you have of the trains in the rear. Forrest is reported on White's Creek with his division of cavalry, and Buckner is said to be concentrating at Loudon. We will probably get more definite information before morning. Your messenger last night came, but as I had no answer I told him to remain until you passed.

A. E. BURNSIDE,

Major-General.

