
effective. I expect they want new captains. General Steele may rest assured that I will do all I can to assist him, and if I can get a spare vessel or two, will send them. Very respectfully,

DAVID D. PORTER,

Rear-Admiral.
HDQRS. CAVALRY DIV., SIXTEENTH ARMY CORPS,Memphis, Tenn., August 31, 1863.

Colonel EDWARD HATCH,

Commanding Third Cavalry Brigade:

COLONEL: A report has reached these headquarters that Colonel Richardson, with 1,200 men and four pieces of artillery, is moving from Pontotoc toward the Memphis and Charleston Railroad. You will proceed with Major Starr to La Grange, Tenn., and ascertain, as near as possible, the facts in the case. Should your information justify, you are hereby authorized to draw from the cavalry on any point you may deem best along the line, and proceed and meet the enemy. Under no circumstances allow a force to strike the railroad, cover all approaches well with scouts, and keep me duly informed by telegraph of your movements. I have telegraphed all the cavalry to be held subject to your order. By order of Brigadier General B. H. Grierson:

S. L. WOODWARD,

Captain and Assistant Adjutant-General.
HEADQUARTERS DEPARTMENT OF THE CUMBERLAND,Stevenson, Ala., August 31, 1863-10 a.m.

(Received 11.35 a.m.)

Colonel KELTON,

Assistant Adjutant-General, Washington, D. C.:

McCook's corps still crossing to-day at Caperton's. Thomas at Battle Creek and Shellmound. The pontoon at Bridgeport will go over to-morrow. The troops closing in this way. Granger has a brigade at Athens moving this way, and another near Pulaski. Indications are that the enemy expect us to cross above Chattanooga.* Day before yesterday our cavalry started toward there; yesterday and this morning no report from them yet.# The rebels will probably evacuate Chattanooga on hearing we are crossing, and take the line of the Georgia railroad from Ringgold south. Nothing more to-day.

W. S. ROSECRANS,

Major-General.

STEVENSON, ALA., August 31, 1863-11 p.m.

(Received 2.10 a.m., September 1.)

Major General H. W. HALLECK,

General-in-Chief:

Our cavalry went to Trenton and scouted 9 miles beyond, toward Chattanooga. The pontoon and trestle bridge at Bridgeport will be

---------------

* Dispatch as received by General Halleck reads: ''Indications are that the enemy still expected us to cross above Chattanooga day before yesterday.''

# Dispatch as received by General Halleck reads: ''Our cavalry started toward them yesterday and this morning. No report from them yet.''

---------------

