
done to-morrow night. Our troops will be ready to cross with full rations. Information of the enemy's movements conflicting-something to indicate they are moving up the river. Their cavalry left Trenton and went toward Rome.

W. S. ROSECRANS,

Major-General.

ENGINEER DEPARTMENT,

Washington, August 31, 1863.

Major General W. S. ROSECRANS,

Comdg. Dept. of the Cumberland,

Hdqrs. via Stevenson, Ala.:

GENERAL: Your telegram of the 30th instant, inquiring if two regiments of volunteer engineers can be raised under the veteran volunteer act from the Pioneer Brigade, is received and has been transmitted to the Adjutant-General with request that the information may be furnished to you, or to this department for you.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

I. C. WOODRUFF,

Major Engineers, in Charge.

[Indorsement.]
HEADQUARTERS DEPARTMENT OF THE CUMBERLAND,Chattanooga, September 12, 1863.

Respectfully referred to Captain Merrill for his information.

By order of Major-General Rosecrans:

C. GODDARD,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

NASHVILLE, TENN.,

August 31, 1863

Major General W. S. ROSECRANS,

Commanding Department of the Cumberland:

SIR: I have the honor to report that during the present month I have inspected troops belonging to this department and general hospitals as follows: On the 5th, at Fort Donelson, Tenn.; 8th, at Franklin, Tenn.; 11th and 12th, at Winchester, Tenn.; 13th, at Tullahoma, Tenn.; 15th, at Shelbyville, Tenn.; 19th, at Stevenson, Ala., 20th, at Bridgeport, Ala.; 21st, at Estill Springs, Tenn.; 24th, at Nashville, Tenn.; again, on the 26th and 27th, at Stevenson, Ala.; on the 28th at Battle Creek, Ala.; and also, on the 30th and 31st, in the hospitals at Nashville, Tenn.; and that, in compliance with orders from the Sugeon-General, I have made my reports of these inspections upon the blank forms prescribed, which forms are herewith transmitted.

The positions which the several portions of the army occupied after the advance from Murfreesborough on the 24th of June, and which they continued to occupy at the close of the last month, were only temporary. During the month of August another advance has been made, in a southerly direction, across the Cumberland Mountains. The movements have not been rapid, and although the weather

