
and could not speak so positively in relation to the prevalence of this malady in those regions. a Mr. B. informed me that cattle turned into these fertile and uncleared valleys or coves, especially if they were allowed to remain while the dews are falling, soon became affected with loss of appetite and with tumors, and speedily died. Both the milk and the meat of these animals, he affirms, is poisonous. The person who has partaken of the milk from a diseased cow is seized with vomiting, prostration, and nervous tremors, and, if he recovers, it will be slowly; in some cases the general debility and tremors continuing more or less for years. The people are accustomed to take castor-oil freely when they think themselves poisoned. Of late years it has been much more rare to hear of a case of milk sickness, and Mr. B. thinks it is gradually disappearing. Dr. Maddin, who has lived near Huntsville, Ala., thinks also that the disease is now much less frequent than formerly, and that very little, if any, apprehension need be left that the soldiers will in any cases be made its victims.

No fresh vegetables have been sullied to the army be the commissaries during the month, or none so far as I could learn; yet no suffering ensues, since the soldiers have been able to purchase, either with their own money or with the company funds, all they have needed. In addition to the corn, onions, tomatoes, potatoes, peaches, apples, &amp;c., which they have ben able to purchase, they have found immense quantities of blackberries in the open fields and on the roadsides, of which they have eaten freely. So ample have been the supplies of vegetables and fruits that the scorbutic taint has now almost entirely disappeared from the army; yet, as illustrating the tenacity of this malady when once it has made its invasion, a few isolated cases still remain in different portions of the army. Most of these supplies, furnished by the country through which we have been passing, are now nearly exhausted, and as the season advances they will soon completely disappear. The wild grape grows, however, in considerable abundance throughout this region, and will continue to serve as a valuable substitute for vegetable food, until later in the fall. If we cross Tennessee River we shall find, I am informed, upon the elevated plateaux, and among the mountains bordering the southern shore of the river, the grape growing still more abundantly, many portions of this region being devoted to the culture of the vine. If we penetrate farther, and are in season, we shall find the sweet potato in great abundance and perfection.

I have noticed everywhere that the free use of berries, peaches, green corn, with other fruits and vegetables, although the fruits were seldom ripe when eaten, has had a salutary effect upon mucoenteric affections. If they have occasionally increased or produced a diarrhea, they have also cured or prevented many more.

Dr. Perin has thought it necessary to establish, in anticipation of a conflict on the banks of the Tennessee River, a temporary field hospital at Stevenson, Ala. It is situated in the most favorable spot which could be found, near the margin of a forest of open timber, upon somewhat elevated ground and in the vicinity of an excellent spring of water. The railroad passes close b. This hospital is in

a Since writing the above I have learned that it has been known to occur in Sweeden's Cove and Fiery Lizzard Cove, which open into Battle Creek Valley and lie upon the south side of the mountain. Three years ago it was particularly fatal at Beersheba.

