
[Inclosure.]

NATCHEZ, August 4.1863.

Brigadier-General RANSOM:

As requested, I give the information obtained here in reference to Mr. John Routh and his grandsons, Mr. Anerew S. Routh.

Dr. J. Y. Hollingsworth,from Hard Times Landing, La.,3 miles above Grand Gulf,brought the following information here on Sunday week last:That on or about the 21st of Jully a company of marine cavalry (styling themselves of the authority of the United States,and whose play was their booty) landed at Judge Perkins', or Ashwood Landing, La.,dashed around Lake St. Joseph,inquiring for Mr. John Routh. On reaching his plantation demanded from him,first,his arms,which were given them. They then burst open a barrel of whisky,made all of the negroes drunk,and in that way learned where his valuables were,consisting of silver-ware,liquors,meats,clothes,table and house linen,and even scuffled with him for his purse. They took the amount of $25,000 worth of property-$15,000 of silver-ware,and perhaps the largest and most valuable private collection of table and house linen in the southern country.

Mr. Routh is an old man of nearly seventy years;had his house,gin,barn stables,and everything burned last spring at the [time the] others on the lake had lost their property. These marines also threatened to take him prisoner;did take his grandson, Mr. Andrew S. Routh,prisoner,who is now,it is said,in jail at Vicksburg. Andrew had not been in jail at Vicksburg. Andrew had not been in the army since last April;has been with his grandfather assisting him in taking care of his property. He had been ordered back to Colonel Harrison's regiment,but determined to put in a substitute,in order that he might remain with his grandfather,and this was his position at the time he was taken off by Ellet's marines. Mr. Routh is all alone,and wishes Andrew to live with him.

Very respectfully,yours,

A. T. BOWIE.

VICKSBURG, MISS., August 14, 1863.

(Via Louisville, Ky.,23rd. Received 1.10 p.m.)

Hon. E. M. STATION:

SIR: Major-General Grant is very desirous of having transferred to him Brigadier -General Ellet's command,which is in accordance with the wishes of Admiral Porter. General Ellet has seven of the largest and finest boats on the western waters for a command not exceeding 800 effective men. General Grant constantly requires transports for troops,and if this transfer is made he will land General Ellet's command,and thus be enabled fully to avail himself of the transports;besides,he can give General Ellet,when on shore,a command more suitable tho his rank.

L. THOMAS,

Adjutant-General.
HEADQUARTERS FIFTEENTH ARMY CORPS,Camp on Big Black, August 14, 1863.

Captain C. B. COMSTOCK,

Chief Engineer, Department of the Tennessee:

Captain Jenney has just shown me your dispatch. The pontoon train will be immediately started for Vicksburg. The men who

