
AUGUST 31, 1863

COMMANDING OFFICER,

Decherd:

Some cattle for Tracy City will reach Decherd to-morrow. If there is no cavalry at Winchester or Cowan available to escort them through, order the cavalry which is with therm to go on to Tracy City.

By order of Major-General Rosecrans:

C. GODDARD,

Assistant Adjutant-General.
HEADQUARTERS FOURTEENTH ARMY CORPS,Bolivar Springs, August 31, 1863.

Brigadier General J. A. GARFIELD,

Chief of Staff:

I have the honor to report, in addition to the reports forwarded to-day, the substance of a statement made by contrabands just in from Trenton, as follows: Live in Trenton, Ga., 18 miles from Chattanooga. Saturday, August 29, rebel cavalry, some 4.000 strong, left Trenton for Rome, and Federal cavalry, about 1,000 strong, came into Trenton same day. It is generally understood and believed that General Johnston has re-enforced Bragg with 30,000 troops. He began to come in last Monday. Cars stopped running to Trenton, and it was said they were being used in bringing up Johnston's troops. Alarge portion of Johnston's men were sent to Loudon. There is a large rebel force at the junction of the Trenton railroad, 10 miles this side of Chattanooga. These contrabands belonged to Robert Tatem, who is a member of the Georgia Legislature. Tatem is very sanguine of a rebel victory at Chattanooga; offered to bet all he had on it. All expect a battle there.

General Brannan reports that a party of mounted men were sent to saltpeter cave and works in Harris' Cove, Marion County, Tenn., and destroyed the buildings and apparatus erected there by the socalled Confederate Government. They found in and near the cave the following enumerated property, which was destroyed: 7 log houses, formerly used as offices, barracks of the conscripts, &amp;cc.; 1 log shed, 7 large furnace-kettles, 1 bridge, leading from the foot of the hill to the entrance of the cave. They also destroyed a large number of hoppers (about 40) and troughs, ladders, &c., in the cave. The 7 furnace-kettles were found buried near the entrance of the cave.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

GEO. H. THOMAS,

Major-General, U. S. Volunteers, Commanding.
HEADQUARTERS FOURTH DIVISION,Jasper, August 31, 1863-8 a.m.

[General T. L. CRITTENDEN:]

GENERAL Things are moving, though with my information I can't give you anything definite. There is a bridge at Stevenson, on which a large part of the Twentieth Corps has already crossed.

