
I sent three of the Seventeenth Indiana scouts across the river, on Raccoon Mountain night before last. They returned last night, having been 7 miles out from the river to the railroad cut in the mountain. They report that there are no camps west of Lookout Mountain, except about one regiment in the Lookout Valley, who appear to be on picket. One or two companies of mounted men scout down toward Bridgeport each day. I send you copies of late rebel papers, exchanged by pickets across the river. Mr. Crutchfield says it is commonly reported that the rebel general J. B. Floyd is dead, having succeeded in cheating everything but Satan.

I am, colonel, very respectfully, yours to command,

JNumbers T. WILDER,

Colonel, Commanding Brigade.
HEADQUARTERS TWENTIETH ARMY CORPS,Near Stevenson, August 31, 1863.

Brigadier General J. A. GARFIELD,

Chief of Staff:

GENERAL: I have the honor to forward here with a copy of order this day issued to the troops of this corps, on the subject of transportation, baggage, &amp;c. By the system herein adopted I will be able to carry twenty-four days' full rations and three days' forage in my wagons, besides the rations carried in the men's haversacks. If it is necessary to carry a full supply of forage in the wagons, I can move my corps with fifteen days' full rations and forage. It is not designed as a general rule to move the entire supply train with the troops, but to have it brought up by sections, as the supplies are needed, always keeping a sufficient supply in the wagons with the troops to meet contingencies. The details of this order will have to be changed from time to time, as the necessities of the service may require.

Very respectfully,

A. McD. McCOOK,

Major-General, Commanding.

[Inclosure.]

GENERAL ORDERS, HDQRS. TWENTIETH ARMY CORPS,

Numbers 28. Stevenson, Ala., August 31, 1863.

I. The number of wagons for the transportation of camp equipage, baggage, &c., in this corps will be reduced to the following allowance: For a regiment of infantry, three wagons; for a battery of artillery, three wagons; for a headquarters of brigade, three wagons; for a headquarters of division, ten wagons.

II. The three wagons allowed a regiment of infantry will carry one wall tent for the use of regimental headquarters, the regimental and company desks, cooking utensils for the men, medical supplies (not to exceed 500 pounds), a small supply of camp tools, the officers' baggage, and three days' forge for the public and private animals of the regiment. The officers' baggage shall not exceed (mess chest and personal effects included) the minimum regulation allowance. Two extra tent flys may be transported for the use of regimental headquarters.

III. The three wagons allowed each battery of artillery will carry

