
one wall tent, the company desks, cooking utensils for the men, the officers' baggage, and three days' forage for the artillery and officers' horses, and may (at the discretion of the battery commander) carry the three days' rations issued to the men.

IV. Two of the wagons at brigade headquarters will carry the allowance of tents and camp equipage, desks, officers' baggage, and the three days' forage for the public and private animals at brigade headquarters. One wagon will be loaded exclusively with blacksmith tools and materials for keeping the animals shod and the wagons in the brigade in repair.

V. Four of the wagons at division headquarters will carry the allowance of baggage, camp equipage, desks, &amp;c., and three days' forage for the public and private animals at division headquarters. Four wagons will be loaded by the division quartermaster with shoes for the men (of which at least 800 pairs will be carried), a small supply of such clothing as will be needed for the men on the march, and blacksmith tools and materials; as large supply of horse and mule shoes and nails as practicable will be carried. Two of the wagons will be loaded by the division commissary of subsistence with commissary stores for the officers, and with the surplus rations that may remain after an issue has been made from the supply train.

VI. A sufficient supply of axes, spades, and picks, for pioneer and intrenching purposes, will be carried with each division in wagons to be attached to the ammunition train. All such tools now in regimental wagons beyond the small allowance allowed for camp purposes will be turned over to division quartermaster and placed in these wagons.

VII. In each division ammunition train there will be a sufficient number of wagons to carry 110 rounds of small-arm ammunition per man for the number of men (infantry and cavalry) present in the division, and sufficient amount of artillery ammunition, including that carried in the batteries, to make 250 rounds per gun. Ammunition now carried in company wagons will be turned over to the ordnance officers. All wagons and ambulances in the corps will carry three days' short forage for the animals belonging to them.

VIII. All means of transportation in excess of the above allowance will be organized under the direction of the corps and division quartermaster into division supply train, and each division supply train will be subdivided into sections, with a sufficient number of wagons in each section to carry six days' substantial rations for the division. Each section will be placed in charge of a quartermaster or other commissioned officer detailed from the division, who will receipt for the wagons and teams. He will remain with them, and be responsible that they are at all times in a serviceable condition.

IX. All camp equipage not authorized by this order will be immediately sent to Stevenson in the empty wagons of the supply trains, where storage will be provided for it. Division and brigade commanders are directed to require an immediate and strict compliance with this order. As soon as sufficient time has elapsed to carry it into execution, brigade inspectors will thoroughly inspect brigade transportation and baggage, and send a full report of the result of the inspection through official channels to the assistant inspector-general of the corps.

By command of Major-General McCook:

G. P. THRUSTON,

Assistant Adjutant-General and Chief of Staff.

