
The general commanding directs you to examine and report at once by whose neglect this criminal delay has occurred.

J. A. GARFIELD,

Brigadier-General, Chief of Staff.

BRIDGEPORT,

August 31, 1863-3.30 p.m.

Brigadier-General GARFIELD,

Chief of Staff:

A detail was in waiting last night as directed to unload pontoons when the train arrived. One of my staff officers superintended the working party with directions to push the work with all possible speed. When the train was unloaded Lieutenant Jackson reported to me, but said the conductor stated his orders were not to return to Stevenson until 5 o'clock this morning. I sent word by Jackson that my orders were to send back his train as soon as unloaded, and also, that there might be no mistake, I sent by Jackson your telegram to me, which the conductor read. I am advised that in violation of orders he did not leave until 5 o'clock this morning. He must be in Stevenson. He is not here.

W. H. LYTLE,

Brigadier-General.

DEPARTMENT HEADQUARTERS,

August 31, 1863-9 a.m.

General CRITTENDEN:

The general wants to know what news there is from your front, and particularly whether the enemy is moving up the river; also how long it will take Van Cleve to join you. Have you heard from General Burnside? What have you from Forrest? Have you any reason to believe the enemy are massing their forces up the Tennessee or on our left flank? If so, you may delay your movement a day or two. Dispatch Hazen and Wagner to be particular and get all the information possible of the enemy's movements and forward it without delay. Unless you receive some good reason to the contrary, order Van Cleve to join you. Minty's brigade will cover his movements, remaining as far up the valley as practicable.

GARFIELD,

Brigadier-General and Chief of Staff.
HEADQUARTERS TWENTY-FIRST ARMY CORPS,Dunlap, August 31, 1863-1.20 p.m.

Brigadier-General GARFIELD,

Chief of Staff:

Minty reports now five brigades at Blythe's Ferry; formerly only two intrenchments near that ferry about a quarter of a mile long, and a second line has been commenced on the brow of the hill about 300 yards back.

No orders from you yet, as intimated by signal dispatch. Countersigns have not been received.

T. L. CRITTENDEN,

Major-General, Commanding.

