
Huntsville. He would like to hear from you to-night, also asks when will Alexandria force reach McMinnville? Have Morgan assume command of his own and McCook's brigades.

FRANK S. BOND,

Major and Aide-de-Camp.
HEADQUARTERS THIRD BRIGADE,Alexandria, Tenn., August 31, 1863.

Major General W. S. ROSECRANS:

GENERAL: I have arrived at headquarters to-day, and have assumed command of the brigade in conformity to your order giver me. On my arrival at this place I also find that Colonel Shelley had just received a telegram from Nashville, Tenn., from Major General G. Granger, as follows:

Move your command to McMinnville immediately upon receipt of this order, and relieve the brigade at that point. The regiment at Carthage will join you in few days. Report your arrival to General Rosecrans, at Stevenson; also to these headquarters.

By order of Major General G. Granger:

W. C. RUSSELL,

Captain and Assistant Adjutant-General.

I thought proper to assign Colonel shelley to perform said order of Major-General Granger, and hope that he will be shortly returned to the command of the Fifth Regiment, inasmuch as the disposition of the commander of the Fifth Regiment, and by the order of Major-General Granger assumes command of the Third and Sixth Regiments, with Stokes' cavalry, leaving the Fifth without a commanding colonel except Lieutenant-Colonel McCaleb.

There is no news of interest; the boys have taken several prisoners, a part of whom are at this place and a part at Carthage in jail, all of which will be reported in due time. We have also captured several good horses and a new printing-press, type, and some ink, at this place. The horses will be turned over to the quartermaster and accounted for; the printing-press will be reported and turned over to Dr. W. G. Brownlow, unless otherwise instructed.

I am, general, your obedient servant,

JAMES G. SPEARS,

Brigadier General, Comdg. Third Brig., Third Div., Reserve Corps.

LARKINSVILLE, ALA,

August 31, 1863.

Major General D. S. STANLEY,

Stevenson:

There is no bridge at Larkinsville. I have ordered one battalion at Paint Rock and one at Flint River and Hurricane Creek, 5 miles this side, where there is a large bridge.

Watkins has not yet arrived here. I will move the Second Brigade this afternoon, and camp at Bellefonte. Do you want any troops left here? If so, I will have some of Watkins' brigade remain, when they come up. The operator left Flint River for Stevenson last night.

E. M. McCOOK.,

Colonel, Commanding.

