
forks of the roads, and has been going on ever since, our people driving the enemy before them. Up to this point the opposition of the enemy has been trifling, but the natural obstacles have been very serious. Men in fine spirits, but the teams much jaded. Enemy concentrating at Loudon. We hope to drive them from that place soon.

A. E. BURNSIDE,

Major-General.

LOUISVILLE, KY.,

August 31, 1863.

General POTTER:

Will you send the Seventy-first Indiana to Mount Sterling? From 300 to 400 rebels passed Pound Gap. Rebel General Preston is at Abingdon. He has seven regiments in Tazewell County, Tenn.

J. T. BOYLE,

Brigadier-General.
HEADQUARTERS NINTH ARMY CORPS,Lexington, Ky., August 31, 1863.

General J. T. BOYLE,

Louisville, Ky.:

GENERAL: As I presumed, the remaining battalion of the Seventy-first Indiana Cavalry will be here to-morrow. I write to inquire what necessity there exists for their services at Mount Sterling. I learn that there is a probability of a small force of rebel cavalry or guerrillas having come through Pound Gap, but I had supposed the force at Mount Sterling amply sufficient to look after them.

I am daily expecting orders to follow after General Burnside, and this corps is now so extremely weak in men for duty that I am extremely unwilling to leave anything behind that I can possibly help; besides, I have no cavalry at all. I shall be extremely happy to render you any assistance in my power that you may deem necessary, but hope that you will not find occasion to use this regiment.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

R. B. POTTER,

Brigadier-General, Commanding.

GENERAL FIELD ORDERS, HDQRS. ARMY OF THE OHIO,

Numbers 11 August 31, 1863.

The cowardly and infamous practice which prevails to some extent in this command of stealing from the defenseless and peaceable inhabitants their provisions and other property requires a severe and speedy check for the protection of the citizens and for the good name of the army, and the commanding general directs that any person found guilty of such disgraceful conduct that he be stripped of his uniform, his head shaved, then branded on the left cheek with the letter T as a thief, and drummed out of the service.

