
All officers are directed to use their utmost vigilance to prevent pilfering, and to promptly report all offenders for punishment.

This order is to be read at the head of every company in the command.

By command of Major-General Burnside:

LEWIS RICHMOND,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

Itinerary* from McMinnville to Chattanooga, 60 miles.

McMinnville to Etter's Cross-Roads, 9 1/2 miles.

Etter's to Martin's Ford of Collins River, one-half mile.

Colins River to Hill's Creek, 1 1/4 miles.

Hill's Creek to foot of mountain, 1 mile.

Hill's Creek to top of mountain, 1 1/2 miles.

Top of mountain to forks of road, 6 miles.

Right fork to Carlton's, 13 miles.

Carlton's to Dunlap, 6 miles.

Dunlap to Henson's, 4 miles.

Dunlap to top of mountain, 2 miles.

Top of Walden's Ridge to Card's, 9 miles.

Card's to Cunningham's, 4 miles.

Cunningham's to Poe's, foot of ridge, 2 miles.

Poe's to Chattanooga, 16 miles.

On leaving McMinnville northeast the road soon descends to and crosses the Barren Fork of Collins River, a bold stream with good approaches and always an abundance of water and good camping grounds on southeast side. On leaving the river the road, over undulating country and well settled,passes along the base of Ben Lomond Mountain, crossing in 3 miles the road from Rock Island to Winchester by Shell's Ford across Collins River, and in 9 1/2 miles reaches Etter's Cross-Roads, near Martin's, and the Irving College. From Etter's the left-hand [road] in one-half mile crosses the Collins River by a good ford, and in 1 1/2 miles crosses Hill's Creek; from thence to top of mountain by a good road 1 1/2 miles. The road in 6 miles forks-the left to Pikeville, the right-hand to Dunlap by Carolton's at the foot of the mountain-a graded road but rough and rocky, till in the valley, and thence to Dunlap the road is good. In 1 mile from Dunlap take the valley road for one-half mile and then turn east and soon cross the Sequatchie River, where the ford is good. The road is now called Poe's turnpike, and in 4 miles from Dunlap is Henson's at the foot of Walden's Ridge. The gap is called Henson's and the road Poe's trace. It is 2 miles up the mountain, but a fair mountain road and not steep. The road on the mountain crosses the North Chickamauga Creek with a good wooden bridge, then crosses the Little Chickamauga with a bad ford. Mr. Cunningham lives at top of mountain. Before descending and from thence down the ridge to Poe's at its foot is 2 miles.

This road here intersects the main road from Washington to Chattanooga - here the left-hand goes to Harrison, 8 miles; the right-hand, by the Washington road, crossing the North Chickamauga, and in 16 miles reaches Chattanooga, crossing the Tennessee River near

---------------

*Prepared at headquarters of General George H. Thomas.

---------------

