
miles; thence over a level, barren country, in 7 miles reaches Manchester.

On leaving Manchester the course of the road is east of south, and in 2 1/2 miles, at Mr. Ham's house, by a good ford crosses Little Duck River, a small stream. On approaching Hillsborough there is a small stream crossed by the road within one-half mile of the town and near the residence of James Sheed, a prominent rebel. At Hillsborough this road crosses the road from Winchester to McMinnville. On leaving Hillsborough in 5 miles Elk river is crossed on a good bridge. The ford across Elk River is nearly a mile below the bridge at and below a mill. From the ford the road returns to main rout.

From Elk River Bridge to Pelham is 4 miles. Pelham is at the mouth of a large cove, and from Pelham there is a firm, good road to Decherd, on the Nashville and Chattanooga Railroad, which is 18 miles distant, this road passing over a good country and near the foot of the mountain.

From Pelham to foot of mountain at Gillam's is 3 miles. The road now begins to ascend the mountain. This road was graded and easy of ascent, but is now rocky and rough.

To the top of the mountain it is 2 miles, and from thence to where the road begins to descend it is 5 miles. The road on the mountain level and firm. The descent is made in 1 mile by steep declivities, rock and rough to Terry Ladd's at the foot. Here heads Battle Creek and the road running down the stream crossing it three times, when it reaches Jasper, over a good road in 12 miles.

From jasper the road is good to the Sequatchie River bridge, reaching it in 3 miles. There is no ford near the bridge; the banks of the stream are sandy and brittle; the water always deep. The backwater of the Tennessee River deposits alluvial, and the bottom of the stream rotten. The Tennessee River is about 2 miles from the bridge in a direct line.

From the Sequatchie bridge the road in 3 miles reaches the Tennessee River, and then passes up its banks and under the bluffs of Walden's Ridge to Kelley's Ferry. From Kelley's Ferry by water it is 25 miles to Chattanooga, and by land and road 11 miles.

On leaving the Tennessee River the road immediately begins to ascend a spur of the Raccoon Mountain, estimated to be 200 feet high. In three-quarters of a mile the ascent is reached. The road was graded, and a good one. The descent from the top of the spur is gradual, and terminates near to Lookout Creek, which is reached in 7 miles. Along this distance of 7 miles is a good farming country.

There is a good bridge over the Lookout Creek one-half mile from the Tennessee River. The ford of this stream is 1 1/2 miles above, and has high banks and rough crossing, and returns back to main road.

From the Lookout bridge to Chattanooga is 3 1/2 miles, and in 200 yards the road crosses the Nashville and Chattanooga Railroad. The road here gradually ascends and passes over at an elevation above the river of 700 feet-the end of the Lookout Mountain, which is projected toward and its foot washed by the river. Around this point or when the greatest elevation is had, the road is level for 1 mile. The ascent is gradual, and at the bottom enters the Will's Valley, crosses the Will's Valley road, running up that valley, and soon crosses the Little Chattanooga Creek on a good bridge. The ford of this stream is 2 miles above. The road now passes near the railroad and river, and in 2 miles reaches Chattanooga.

