
closely covered by briers thickly grown around. There were wounded by this fire, Captain Alexander, Company,who received three bullets;Captain Berz, Company E,bone fractured just below the knee;William Meiersieck, Company C, int three places,probably mortally;Frederick Roettger,slightly,and a citizen of La Fayette County,who happened to be with them. Captain Alexander,after having fallen and surrendered,was again shot and immediately killed by the guerrillas. Captain Krughoff and the balance of his men escaped.

Captain Alexander has,with his company,for the past month been stationed at White's Station and was relieved by Company K on the 12th instant. He(Captain A.) was permitted to go to White's Station with the patrol for the purpose of getting a horse which he had receipted for,for the purpose of communicating with these headquarters while stationed at White's Station. Captain Berrey,wishing to see Captain Laur,who is at present stationed at White's Station,was permitted to go with the patrol.

On receiving information I immediately sent out Lieutenant Sondag,in command of 40 men,to intercept the guerrillas,who left immediately after having robbed those they had killed and wounded. I also mounted what infantry I could on mules and horses,directing them to take the Hernando road,to cut off their retreat. Colonel McCrillis also mounted what scattering cavalry he had in camp,who followed them with mu mounted infantry until the darkness of night caused them to return without success in capturing.

This being the third time that guerrillas have committed depredations in the vicinity of Ridgeway Station, I have given the citizens living north of Nonconnah Creek,and in the vicinity of the railroad at Ridgeway Station,notice that they must guard the fords and immediately notify me of the crossing of guerrillas,in order that these depredations and murderous acts may not again be

repeated.

I remain, yours, truly,

P. PEASE,

Colonel Forty-ninth Illinois Volunteers, Commanding.

[Indorsement.]
HEADQUARTERS THIRD BRIGADE,La Grange, August 15, 1863.

Respectfully forwarded, with recommendation that some severe means

be used to prevent a repetition of such conduct.

JAMES M. TRUE,

Colonel Sixty-second Illinois Volunteers, Comdg. Brigade.

WINCHESTER, August 14, 1863.

Brig. General J. W. RIPLEY,

Chief of Ordnance, Washington, D. C.:

Our cavalry and mounted infantry need 2,000 saddles, with horse equipments, at present. The worn-out saddles are ruining the horses' backs. as horses are much more expensive and hard to replace, I beg you will send us a supply at once, and order something ahead of present wants to supply wear and tear.

W. S. ROSECRANS,

Major-General.

