
In the bay there are only three batteries, heavy guns-about 2 miles from the city down the bay. Two rams in the bay finished, mounting six heavy guns each. On the Pensacola side about three batteries, heavy guns. Forts are all manned and batteries also, exclusive of force mentioned before. He saw a colonel and a lieutenant-colonel from Little rock, Ark., on the road from Montgomery; they said the Arkansas army is very much demoralized; they said also that Bragg would make no stand at Chattanooga, but would drive Rosecrans across the river and would then overwhelm him with numbers; said if rebels were successful at Chattanooga, then Confederates would be greatly encouraged, but if they were whipped here and at Charleston, the Southern Confederacy was gone. There are 3,000 home guards at Mobile, but the officers said they were sorry for it as they were afraid they would turn on them-home guards and Tennessee Battery. The soldiers at Mobile said if there was an advance made on the place they would not fire a shot if they could help it. The force at Mobile is very much afraid of Banks' advance while this fight is going on. There is one division of Johnston's army on the railroad between Meridian and Selma, ready to be thrown here or to Mobile, ass occasion required. Then about 5,000 cavalry at Pollard, Ala., to guard against raids. This is all the force he knows of beyond that point between Atlanta and Montgomery.

There are three or more floating batteries in the harbor of Mobile, well manned. The intention is, in case they are overpowered, to sink them in the harbor to impede navigation. There is a new English breech-loading gun on the point near Fort Morgan, a light gun for long range.
HEADQUARTERS DEPARTMENT OF THE CUMBERLAND,Stevenson, September 1, 1863-10 a.m.

Major General GEORGE H. THOMAS,

Commanding Fourteenth Army Corps:

The general commanding desires to know what part of your force has crossed the river, and where they are posted.

The general commanding directs you to close up your command with the exception of the regular brigade so as to be ready to cross the river to-morrow. Have you any news touching the reported movement of the enemy into East Tennessee?

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

J. A. GARFIELD,

Brigadier-General, Chief of Staff.
HEADQUARTERS FOURTEENTH ARMY CORPS,Bolivar Springs, September 1, 1863.

Brigadier-General GARFIELD,

Chief of Staff:

GENERAL: In reply to your not of 10 a.m., of this day, I have the honor to state that dispatches showing the movements of divisions in my corps have been forwarded to department headquarters up to 9 a.m. to-day.

In addition, orders have been give to the First Division to move to-morrow morning, to a point known as Taylor's Store, crossing at

