
Bridgeport, and also to the Second Division to move at the same time, crossing at Caperton's Ferry, to report at Taylor's Store.

No information has been received in regard to the movements of the enemy into East Tennessee.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

GEO. H. THOMAS,

Major-General, U. S. Volunteers, Commanding.

STEVENSON, ALA., September 1, 1863-1.30 p.m

(Received 1.40 p.m.)

Major-General THOMAS:

The general commanding directs you to send out parties to repair the roads opposite Battle Creek and Bridgeport.

J. A. GARFIELD,

Brigadier-General and Chief of Staff.

Journal of operations of the Fourteenth Army Corps.

SEPTEMBER 1, 1863

General Baird ordered to move his division to Taylor's Store, crossing the river at Bridgeport, with twenty-five days' rations. General Negley ordered to move to Taylor's Store also, crossing at Caperton's Ferry, the brigade at Stevenson to join him as he passes. General Brannan reports his division across the river with the exception of his ammunition train and four companies of one regiment.

Colonel King, under date of Shellmound, August 31, reports reconnaissance with 375 men, Second Tennessee Cavalry, in addition to his own brigade (Second Brigade, Fourth Division), in direction of Chattanooga, which was pushed within view of a five-gun battery at Lookout Mountain. Captured R. L. Hawkins, a rebel commissary of subsistence, with $ 2,736.50 in rebel currency and greenbacks: returned to Shellmound at 2 p.m. Road toward Chattanooga quite bad in many places.

Colonel Wilder reports:*

Second Division, General Negley commanding, at the suggestion of General Rosecrans, crossed the river at Caperton's Ferry this p.m.
HEADQUARTERS FOURTEENTH ARMY CORPS,Bolivar Springs, September 1, 1863.

Brigadier-General BAIRD,

Commanding First Division:

You are directed by the general commanding to make all necessary preparations, and move with your command to-morrow to a point known as Taylor's Store, starting from your present camp at 6 a. m., crossing the Tennessee River at Bridgeport, taking with you as many rations as you can carry, to include the 25th instant, if possible, filling your wagons at Stevenson with rations to their utmost capacity.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

GEO. E. FLYNT,

Assistant Adjutant-General and Chief of Staff.

---------------

*For report here omitted, see p. 251.

---------------

