HDQRS. FIRST DIVISION, FOURTEENTH ARMY CORPS,Camp Dawson, September 1, 1863.

Colonel B. F. SCRIBNER,

Commanding First Brigade:

This command will move in the morning to a point known as Taylor's Store, beyond Bridgeport, crossing the river at that place. Brigadier-General Starkweather will march from here at 6 a.m. I have received no reply to your communication asking to move by a different road as far as Bridgeport, but if you can save your men by so doing, I see no objection to it. Your train and artillery, of course, goes this way, and will have to stop in Stevenson to fill up with rations; it may not get as far as Bridgeport to-morrow night. You will start yours in time to fall in in the rear of General Starkweather. We are requested to take twenty-four days' rations, which will make it necessary that your regimental wagons leave Stevenson with at least ten days' supply, independent of what the men take in their haversacks. If you take the other road report that fact to me, and also when you will come into this road.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

A. BAIRD.,

Brigadier-General, Commanding.
HEADQUARTERS FOURTEENTH ARMY CORPS,Bolivar Springs, September 1, 1863.

Major-General NEGLEY,

Commanding Second Division:

You are directed by the general commanding to make all necessary preparations and move with your command to a point on opposite side of the Tennessee River, known as Taylor's Store, crossing the river at Caperton's Ferry and turning up the river. You will take as many rations as you can carry, to include the 25th instant, if possible. The brigade stationed at Stevenson will join the command as you pass.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

GEO. E. FLYNT,

Assistant Adjutant-General and Chief of Staff.
HDQRS. SECOND DIVISION, FOURTEENTH ARMY CORPS,Cave Spring, Ala., September 1, 1863.

Major-General THOMAS,

Commanding Fourteenth Army Corps:

GENERAL: At the suggestion of General Rosecrans my division will cross the river at Caperton's to-night. He expects the cavalry to cross to-morrow. The First Brigade will proceed up the river about 5 miles; the Second and Third Brigades will encamp near the ferry. I will ford the river and bivouac with the the First Brigade.

I have the honor to remain, yours, very truly,

JAS. S. NEGLEY,

Major-General.

