
than about 2 miles in consequence of the wagons of White's division blocking the road. It will, therefore, be impossible for him to get up as soon as you hoped he might, but every possible exertion will be made to obey your instructions. I have directed Hascall to put on the persons of the men of Cameron's brigade all the subsistence he has with it, amounting to about four days', and to direct Gilbert to supply himself from the general supply train with him, and his own brigade wagons, so that he shall have from eight to twelve days' on the persons of his men, and then to move forward as rapidly as possible. No wagons will be taken except the ambulances and medical wagons, and those requisite for carrying a few absolutely necessary cooking utensils.

Not knowing whether you had given instructions direct to White or not, I ordered him in the absence of any instructions from you to move forward in the same manner I instructed Hascall to move; to send his empty wagons about in their neighborhood for forage, and to send all wagons back to this place. The general supply train and all wagons pertaining to troops will be parked here, except those permitted to move in accordance with instructions given. Colonels Goulding and Ellis will remain here in charge of the trains. Wolford will protect them and the wagons sent out for forage. The men will carry with them, in addition to their ammunition and subsistence, a blanket, change of clothing, and an extra pair of shoes, provided those they wear are in bad condition.

The empty wagons will be organized into a train by Colonel Goulding, and will await orders. I will move forward as soon as I see things moving right her, and will possibly join you, if you remain where you are, shortly after noon.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant.

GEO. L. HARTSUFF,

Major-General.
HEADQUARTERS TWENTY-THIRD ARMY CORPS,Schooler's, September 1, 1863.

Brigadier General JULIUS WHITE,

Comdg. Second Division, Twenty-third Army Corps:

Put all your subsistence upon the persons of the men, and move your division immediately forward to the Emery Iron-Works, or to where General Burnside may be, reporting to him in person if I am not there. Send your empty wagons to forage in their neighborhood, and to come back with all your other wagons to this point, under charge of your brigade and division quartermaster, to report to Lieutenant-Colonel Goulding, chief quartermaster.

Discretion is allowed you to take, if deemed better by you, the wagons necessary to transport the absolutely necessary cooking utensils. With this exception, no other wagons will be taken than ambulances and your medical wagons. General Burnside may have give you instructions direct; if so, obey them instead of these, being careful only to take with you your subsistence as herein directed, and to move forward with all possible dispatch.

If the road is not entirely clear of your wagons, get them out immediately so as not to impede either wagons or troops. Put the knapsacks of your men in your empty wagons, taking with them only a blanket and change of underclothing. See that their shoes

