
are all in good order; when not, an extra pair will be taken by the soldier if he has them.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

GEO. L. HARTSUFF,

Major-General, Commanding.

P. S.- The wagons absolutely necessary to carry provisions and cooking utensils for officers may be taken. They must be lightly loaded and furnished with the best teams, so as to move rapidly and not impede the movement of troops.

G. L. H.
HEADQUARTERS TWENTY-THIRD ARMY CORPS,Schooler's, Tenn., September 1, 1863.

Brigadier General M. S. HASCALL,

Comdg. Third Division, Twenty-third Army Corps:

General Burnside directs me to move your division to the front immediately. He hoped I might be able to get your first brigade up to him by 8 or 9 o'clock this morning. I have just received his message, so it will of course be impossible to comply fully with his request, but the greatest possible dispatch must be used in getting your division forward to the required point.

Take with you from your supply train all the provisions you have in it, and carry them on the men, or carry as much on the men as you can. I do not know how much you have on hand in your brigade and division train.

Send some direction to Gilbert, with directions to increase his supply from the general supply train, if it is with, to as great an extent as possible, leaving his knapsacks in his regimental and brigade wagons, which will be emptied, letting his men bring with them only a blanket and change of underclothing. He ought to be able to get in this way eight to twelve days' rations, according to the schedule of the War Department order inclosed, which order you will carefully preserve and return.

Let him bring up his regiment which was guarding the train, if it

is not already up to him, and as soon as ready move forward rapidly with his whole brigade, without any other wagons than his ambulances and medical wagons.

Cameron's brigade to move inn same manner as soon as prepared, and arrive at Emery Iron-Works, or the point where General Burnside now is, as soon as he possibly can.

Leave brigade and division quartermasters to look after their trains and bring them forward to this point, where they will receive further directions from Lieutenant-Colonel Goulding. Wolford will be directed to take entire charge of the train up to this point.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

GEO. L. HARTSUFF,

Major-General, Commanding.
HEADQUARTERS TWENTY-THIRD ARMY CORPS,Schooler's, Tenn., September 1, 1863.

Colonel FRANK WOLFORD,

Commanding Cavalry Brigade:

Colonel Gilbert will be relieved from assisting forward the train this morning, and you will have to guard and move it up to this

