
and break up the conscript camp if he can, and I have no doubt he will succeed, as he has about 150 men, and I desire the camp broken up. The rebel cavalry force reported yesterday was Biffle's and his escort, moving conscript camp from Dresden down on the Tennessee. Spies report captain Moore and five companies Second Illinois Cavalry at Dresden on yesterday, pushing on after Biffle. All quiet and comfortable at this camp.

Respectfully submitted.

CHAS. H. FOX,

Colonel 101st Ill. Infty., Comdg. 1st Brig., Union City, Tenn.

[Inclosure.]

SANCLES [?] FERRY,

September 1, 1863-5 p.m.

Colonel FOX,

Commanding First Brigade, Union City:

My men are now crossing the ferry. There were only about 30 men of Harris' command in this region last night. Many of his followers claim to be citizens; the guides know them. The rumors about a large cavalry force of the rebels at or near Trenton are unsatisfactory. I am going forward to ascertain the truth, and if I am satisfied that there are only about 250 conscripts of Faulkner's command near Humboldt (10 miles below Trenton), I shall go forward, and try to get among them unless you send me messengers to the contrary. I have taken the men stationed at this point with us. i think you had better send a picket here to protect the ferry until our return.

Most respectfully, your obedient servant,

H. S. PEEBLES.

WAR DEPARTMENT,

Washington, September 2, 1863-12.50 p.m.

Major-General ROSECRANS,

Army of the Cumberland:

August 31 General Burnside was at Montgomery, advancing on Kingston. The enemy reported to be concentrating at Loudon.

H. W. HALLECK,

General-in-Chief.

STEVENSON, ALA., September 2, 1863-11 p.m.

(Received 12.40 p.m. 3rd.)

Major General H. W. HALLECK,

General-in-Chief:

Our trestles gave way at the Bridgeport bridge this afternoon, and 700 feet of bridge fell into the water. No loss, save one mule and damage to contents of a few wagons. All of Sheridan's division and his artillery had passed over before the accident. Crittenden's corps is crossing in boats. McCook's infantry advance has probably reached Valley Head. The cavalry will reach Rawlingsville by to-morrow night. Burnside's position, from you, is all we have, save rebel rumor that he has Knoxville. If he is not much involved, I think our move will wholly relieve him.

W. S. ROSECRANS.

