
NASHVILLE, September 2, 1863.

General ROSECRANS:

Your orders in regard to the construction of the Northwestern Railroad I have taken steps to execute, and will proceed to have it finished without delay. Will write you in a few days upon the subject.

ANDREW JOHNSON,

Military Governor.
HEADQUARTERS,Kingston, Tenn., September 2, 1863.

Major-General ROSECRANS:

The main body of Hartsuff's corps is now this side of Emery Iron-

Works, a portion of it being at Kingston, another portion near Waller's Ford, with advance at or near Loudon, and the remainder at Knoxville, I hope. We are expecting to hear from that portion of the force momentarily. Thus far the resistance of the enemy has been trifling. We have communicated with your pickets 4 miles below Kingston. I send this dispatch by that route.

General [Forrest] crossed the Tennessee at this place, and I am satisfied that the has gone south be the way of Athens, although there are reports that he proposes to recross below here to raid upon our rear. Two steamers that were at this place went down the river when he left. He was heard to say that he was ordered to Dalton, Ga. Scott has also crossed, and it is said that Pegram is under orders to cross. Knoxville is believed to be evacuated, and it is also reported that Loudon is evacuated. We will probably know definitely during the forenoon.

Citizens say that all the forces of East Tennessee have moved south of Loudon. I hope to send you another dispatch in a few hours, giving you more definite information. Please let me know the position of affairs with you. I [will] probably have a force in Cumberland Gap to-day.

BURNSIDE.
HEADQUARTERS DEPARTMENT OF THE CUMBERLAND,Stevenson, Ala., September 2, 1863-9.35 p.m.

Honorable JAMES GUTHRIE,

President Louisville and Nashville R. R., Louisville, Ky.:

A contract has been made with McCollum Bridge Company to build the railroad bridge on the Tennessee River at Bridgeport, Ala. A good deal of the timber, material, &amp;c., will have to come from Cincinnati and Louisville, and I will thank you to transport on your road, upon the application of the company or its agents, all material necessary to the construction of the bridge with the utmost dispatch.

W. S. ROSECRANS,

Major-General.

SAINT LOUIS, September 2, 1863.

Major-General ROSECRANS:

I ordered Captain Woolfolk, of Cairo, to ship by river 40 freight cars to Louisville. He answered that he had no boats. I then tele-

