
graphed Captain Jenkins at Louisville, requesting him to provide transportation. I do not hear from him. They can be shipped by rail if necessary.

CHAS. PARSONS,

Captain and Assistant Quartermaster.

SPECIAL FIELD ORDERS, HDQRS. DEPT. OF THE CUMBERLAND,

Numbers 241 Stevenson, Ala., September 2, 1863.

* * * * * * * *

XIV. For meritorious services and gallantry as aide-de-camp to the general commanding at the battles of Corinth and Stone's River, the red ribbon of the Roll of Honor is conferred upon Colonel C. R. Thompson, of the first regiment of colored troops organized in this department. In bestowing upon Colonel. Thompson this mark of his appreciation of his services, the general commanding desires to express his admiration for the qualities which have raised Colonel Thompson from the position of private, in which he entered the service at the commencement of the rebellion, to his present rank, which has ben attained solely by his own merit and attention to duty.

* * * * * * * *

By command of Major-General Rosecrans:

H. M. CIST,

Lieutenant and Acting Assistant Adjutant-General.
HEADQUARTERS DEPARTMENT OF THE CUMBERLAND,September 2, 1863-10 a.m. (Received 10.50 a.m.)

Major-General THOMAS,

Commanding Fourteenth Army Corps:

General Crittenden has been ordered to cross his corps at Battle Creek and Jasper, and his trains at Bridgeport, to take position on the left and in rear of General Reynolds. The general commanding directs you to make such dispositions of your command on the other side as will give room for General Crittenden's corps.

J. A. GARFIELD,

Brigadier-General and Chief of Staff.
HEADQUARTERS DEPARTMENT OF THE CUMBERLAND,Stevenson, Ala., September 2, 1863.

Brigadier-General KING,

Comdg. Third Brigade, First Division, 14th Army Corps:

The general commanding holds you responsible for the protection of the railroad and line of posts from the mountains beyond Anderson to Bridgeport, including the bridge and other public property at that place. Brigadier-General Morgan has been ordered to relieve you, which, when done, you will cross your command at Bridgeport and join your division.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

J. A. GARFIELD,

Brigadier-General and Chief of Staff.

