
Journal of operations of the Fourteenth Army Corps.

SEPTEMBER 2, 1863.

General Baird (First Division) moved to Widow's Creek, except Second Brigade, General Starkweather, which went to Bridgeport. Bridge just completed at Bridgeport gave way at 3 o'clock, precipitating five wagons of Third Division into the river and drowning one mule. General Negley (Second Division) reports his arrival at Moore's Spring, 1 1/4 miles from Taylor's Store and 2 miles from Bridgeport. He is ordered to cross the mountains at that point.
HDQRS. SECOND DIVISION, FOURTEENTH ARMY CORPS,Moore's Spring, Ala., September 2, 1863-1 p.m.

Lieutenant-Colonel FLYNT,

Chief of Staff, Fourteenth Army Corps:

COLONEL: On reaching this point, 1 1/4 miles south from Taylor's Store and 2 miles from Bridgeport, I ascertained that there was an insufficiency of water at Taylor's Store; also that the road from here to Trenton (15 miles) is the same distance as from Taylor's Store, with a better road. I have therefore halted the division until I could communicate this intelligence. The citizens give me the following description of the road to Trenton:

From Moore's Spring to top of mountain, 1 mile, good road; from there to Warren's, 4 miles here you cross the northeast fork of Island Creek, little stream; bad crossing; can be easily repaired. The road forks on top of the hill beyond the creek. The left-hand and plainest road leads direct to Trenton.

Loyal Creek (now dry with the exception of a small pond) crosses the road about 3 miles beyond Warren's and I mile this side of Wood's Gap. Small spring on top of mountain near Wood's house (white frame). Descending from Wood's into the gap, 200 yards of the road is rocky and uneven; descent of mountain 1 mile.

At Brown's (foot of mountain) is a good spring and camping-ground for a division. At Brown's you strike the road coming from Lebanon to Trenton in this form . The left leg leads to Trenton, about 4 miles. Trenton is situated in Lookout Valley, Dade County, Ga., a rich agricultural district; valley 25 miles long, averaging 2 miles wide. Forage and farm products in abundance. A small spring at Pace's Tan-yard. Small creek runs through Trenton. The village is small, about 100 tenements and 300 souls.

Lookout Creek (fine water) crosses the road to Chattanooga, 1 mile beyond Trenton. Four miles beyond Lookout Creek, Squirrel Creek; small, and little water.

From Trenton to Chattanooga, 25 miles, the road is good, with numerous farms, except in crossing point of Lookout Mountain (1 mile.)

From Trenton to La Fayette, 20 miles, there is a good road, via Lebanon road, to Johnson's Crook, Lookout Creek; thence across the mountain into McLemore's Cove.

Citizen Guilford says Bragg has retired from Chattanooga toward Rome. The road from Caperton's to this point now good; river bottoms abounding with nearly ripened corn. Few tenements, with numerous squalid children, forlorn looking women, whose husbands

