
are in the army; but these have evidently been performing their family duties.

Hogs are plenty, but will require lard to fry the meat. The farms are will stocked with cows, calves, and a few sheep. The people are ignorant, but not ill-tempered. Our forces excite childish curiosity.

I have the honor to remain, yours, very truly,

JAS. S. NEGLEY,

Major-General.
HDQRS. SECOND DIVISION, FOURTEENTH ARMY CORPS,Moore's Spring, Ala., September 2., 1863.

Major-General THOMAS,

Commanding Fourteenth Army Corps:

GENERAL: I send copy of communication of 1`p.m. to-day, which I sent per Captain Wildon, General Beatty's staff, who proposed crossing at Bridgeport, but may be prevented by the falling of the bridge. Since then General Sheridan's division has arrived here, and rather unceremoniously assumed a part of my camping-ground. I was consequently compelled to halt my third brigade one-half mile back. General Sheridan's commissaries are applying for rations, theirs being on the other side of the river. Their men marched without any rations in haversacks, so stated. Shall I supply them? The conduct of some of their troops has been so discreditable as to cause us to egret our proximity.

By reference to Captain Merrill's map you will observe that the road I refer to in my communication is not laid down correctly by him.

I have the honor to remain, yours, very truly,

JAS. S. NEGLEY,

Major-General.
HEADQUARTERS FOURTEENTH ARMY CORPS,Bolivar Springs, September 2, 1863.

Brigadier-General BRANNAN,

Commanding Third Division:

GENERAL: Your dispatch received last night. The general commanding approves of the disposition of your troops. Make your arrangements for an early advance on Trenton through Hog Jaw Valley.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

GEO. E. FLYNT,

Assistant Adjutant-General and Chief of Staff.
HEADQUARTERS FOURTEENTH ARMY CORPS,Bolivar Springs, September 2, 1863.

General REYNOLDS,

Commanding Fourth Division:

The general commanding directs me to say, that so soon as you can get your supply train across the river, to move forward on the Trenton road and make room for General Baird, who will cross the

