HEADQUARTERS DEPARTMENT OF THE CUMBERLAND,Stevenson, September 2, 1863.

Major-General McCOOK,

Commanding Twentieth Army Corps:

GENERAL: Major-General Negley reports as follows:

Our transportation was delayed on the north side of pontoon bridge by the officer in charge, who stated that he had orders from General McCook not to allow any wagons to pass after dark.

The general commanding supposes that the officer must have misunderstood your orders, and directs you to instruct him that such a mistake may not again occur.

I am, general, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

C. GODDARD,

Lieutenant-Colonel and Assistant Adjutant-General.
HDQRS. FIRST DIVISION, TWENTIETH ARMY CORPS,Camp at Lookout Valley, September 2, 1863.

Colonel G. P. THRUSTON,

Chief of Staff:

COLONEL: I have gone into camp 2 1/2 miles from Winston's after a good day's march; my position is a good one and is about 1 mile from the base of the mountain. Water plenty and good; forage of green corn plenty.

The road between here and our starting point this morning only tolerably good; one half of it excellent, the other rocky and rough. We have captured some 8 or 10 rebels of one denomination or another. From them I learn that they are picketing from this place to Chattanooga. Wheeler's headquarters were in this neighborhood a few days ago, but now he has gone down Will's Hollow (or valley) to Lebanon and Gadsden, Ga. [Ala.], and is occupying that part of the country with a large cavalry force.

Martin's headquarters are at Trenton; he has 500 men there, and his brigade probably occupies the country around that place. I am within 2 1/2 miles of the main road leading from Chattanooga to Lebanon, through Will's Valley; this road is much traveled by the rebel forces, and was picketed until we ran them off this evening. If I had had some cavalry this afternoon I could have picked up a number of them, and could have gotten better information about their whereabouts, &amp;c. We have had some little bushwhacking; but 1 man of ours captured so far as reported. There is much Union feeling expressed by the people along the road.

There are reported several squads of Union men as organized and resisting the conscription in the mountains. I shall try and communicate with one of them to-morrow, who is said to have 40 men with him, and has had several skirmishes recently with the conscripting parties. I must have some mounted men here if the general can possibly spare them. Our move to-day completely surprised them, and if I had a regiment or so of cavalry I could have captured a number of prisoners.

I shall await further orders and the arrival of my train with becoming patience.

I am, very respectfully,

JEF. C. DAVIS,

Brigadier-General, Commanding Division.

