
it to be the boats, others are positive that it was the bridge. The river between here and Kingston is still strongly picketed.

At Pinhook Ferry, near the mouth of Piney Creek, there is one regiment of cavalry with six pieces of artillery; and the remainder of the brigade (Armstrong's) a few miles in their rear. Within 2 miles of the mouth of Piney Creek there are three ferries and two practicable fords; between there and Washington, three ferries; immediately in the vicinity of Washington, three ferries; between Washington and Richland Creek, five ferries and one good ford (Sullivan's); and between Richland Creek and Blythe's, one ferry.

At all these ferries and fords there are strong pickets of both cavalry and infantry. During the last ten days 87 men have deserted from the Twenty-sixth Tennessee at Loudon. It is reported by a deserter that the entire of Buckner's army crossed the Tennessee at Loudon, and was being pressed forward to Chattanooga. There is a move taking place at Blythe's Ferry. I have sent down two guns to feel them

I am, sir, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

R. H. G. MINTY,

Colonel, Commanding.
HEADQUARTERS TWENTY-FIRST ARMY CORPS,Jasper, September 2, 1863-3 p.m.

Major-General PALMER, Commanding Second Division:

The general commanding directs that you move at once one brigade of your command to Battle Creek, and cross it over the Tennessee River as soon as the way is clear. Your other brigade may remain in camp and be ready to cross as soon as the way is open. Send your train under efficient officers to the vicinity of Bridgeport, where it will cross as soon as the road is open. You will effect the crossing as rapidly as possible.

The general desires to know the number of rations you now have or are on the way; if any on the way, when will they arrive; and how far they can be made to go.

I am, sir, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

P. P. OLDERSHAW,

Captain and Assistant Adjutant-General.
HDQRS. SECOND DIVISION, TWENTY-FIRST ARMY CORPS,Camp on Little Sequatchie, September 2, 1863-4.15 p.m.

Captain P. P. OLDERSHAW, Assistant Adjutant-General:

CAPTAIN: Ten wagons of each of my brigades are now gone to Jasper for corn; will return by sundown. Is the order for the movement of a brigade so urgent as to require that the troops shall march to-night? Please answer by this courier. Full rations are in the hands of the commissaries of the brigades up to and including the 10th, but I may fairly expect five days' additional by the train on the way from McMinnville. I think I can live until the 20th if this train does not fail me.

Respectfully,

JOHN M. PALMER,

Major-General.

