HDQRS. THIRD DIVISION, TWENTY-FIRST ARMY CORPS,En Route near Therman, September 2, 1863-12 m.

Brigadier-General HAZEN, Commanding at Poe's Farm:

GENERAL: General Van Cleve directs me to say that when his command left Pikeville, yesterday morning, he was compelled to leave at that place a quantity of hard bread, nearly 500 boxes, for want of transportation. The commissary of Colonel Minty's command was in Pikeville, and was requested to move a portion of it for the use of Minty's brigade, but he doubted his ability to do so, as his wagons were already nearly loaded with camp equipage, which he was about moving from Pikeville to Colonel Minty's present camp, near Smith's Cross-Roads.

General Van Cleve wishes you to communicate with Colonel Minty, and if he has not taken it, that you would send for it. A guard of about 280 cavalry was left in Pikeville, with orders to remain until all Government property was removed. After having been hauled over the mountains from McMinnville it seems a misfortune that this bread should be abandoned, especially as it will very likely soon be needed by some of the forces in the Valley of the Tennessee.

I am, general, very respectfully, your obedient servant

E. A. OTIS,

Assistant Adjutant-General.
HDQRS. SECOND DIV., TWENTY-FIRST ARMY CORPS,Camp 5 Miles northeast of Jasper, Tenn.,

September 2, 1863-4.30 p.m.

[Colonel WILLIAM GROSE:]

You will at once move with your brigade to the mouth of Battle Creek, in order to be ready to cross as soon as the way is open. Direct the men to be supplied with all the rations they can carry. Your transportation will take the road to Bridgeport, and cross there as soon as the road is clear.

By order of Major-General Palmer:

J. R. MUHLEMAN,

Captain and Assistant Adjutant-General.

A late order from corps headquarters necessitates me to add that you march early as possible in the morning, and leave your transportation until the Sixth Ohio comes up.

By order, &amp;c.:

J. R. MUHLEMAN,

Captain and Assistant Adjutant-General.

CAMP 13 MILES NORTH OF JASPER,

September 2, 1863-5 p.m.

Lieutenant Colonel LYNE STARLING:

COLONEL: Have marched 18 miles to-day, which is 3 miles too much for men on dusty roads. When I arrived at Therman I found but 2 men on the courier station, and that the route to Hazen and Minty was through Dunlap. I left a company of 25 men-5 to be at Therman and 20 at Dunlap-to keep up the line, subject to the approval of the general commanding corps. Is it the wish of General Crittenden that I bring the cavalry with me that were on the courier line from Pikeville to Dunlap, or shall I send them back to Colonel

