
III. No prisoners will be liberated on parole, but will be conducted under guard to the authorities appointed to receive them

IV. It must also be distinctly understood that this war is conducted for national objects, and that any desire which may exist on the part of soldiers to avenge their private wrongs must yield to a proper observance of the well-established usages of civilized warfare.

V. Prisoners of war, particularly the wounded, will be treated with every consideration consistent with their safe-keeping, and any ill treatment or insults offered to them will be severely punished.

VI. Whenever regimental evening dress parades are held, it shall be the duty of the commanding officer to see that the chaplain, or some proper person in his absence, holds some short religious service, such as the reading of a portion of the Scriptures, with appropriate prayers for the protection and assistance of Divine Providence.

By order of Major-General Burnside:

LEWIS RICHMOND,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

GENERAL FIELD ORDERS, HDQRS. ARMY OF THE OHIO,

Numbers 3. Camp Nelson, Ky., August 14, 1863.

The commanding general welcomes back to the department the veterans of the Ninth Corps. The inscriptions, "Vicksburg " and to their valor and to the faithfulness with which they have fulfilled their mission and sustained the high reputation of a name already prominent in the annals of patriotism.

By command of Major-General Burnside:

LEWIS RICHMOND,

Assistant Adjutant-General
HEADQUARTERS FIFTEENTH ARMY CORPS,Camp on Big Black, august 15, 1863.

Major-General GRANT,

Commanding Department of the Tennessee, Vicksburg:

DEAR GENERAL: I had the satisfaction to receive, last nigh, the appointment as brigadier-general in the Regular Army, with a letter from General Halleck, very friendly and complimentary in its terms. I know that I owe to your favor, and beg to acknowledge it, and to add that I value the commission far less than the fact that this will associate my name with yours and McPherson's in opening the Mississippi, and achievement the importance of which cannot be overestimated. I beg to assure you of my deep personal attachment, and to express the hope that the chances of war will leave me to serve near and under you till the dawn of that peace for which we are contending, with the only purpose that it be honorable and lasting.

With great respect,

W. T. SHERMAN,

Major-General of Volunteers.

