
STEVENSON, September 2, 1863-11 a.m.

Major-General GRANGER, Nashville:

The general commanding directs that Colonel Thompson's regiment of colored volunteers must not be separated any more than is actually necessary. For the present you will not send any smaller detachment than one-third of the whole regiment, which detachment may be kept together under the command of a field officer.

J. A. GARFIELD,

Brigadier-General, Chief of Staff.

(Same to Colonel Innes, Nashville.)
HEADQUARTERS DEPARTMENT OF THE CUMBERLAND,Stevenson, Ala., September 2, 1863.

Major General G. GRANGER, Comdg. District of Cumberland:

GENERAL: The general directs me to say that he has established a general department depot of supplies at Nashville, with officers directly under orders of chief quartermaster of the department, as indicated in General Orders, No. 215, herewith inclosed. He has turned over all business not strictly belonging to the depot to the command and of the post. All routine business will be carried on by the officers on duty at the depot directly with these headquarters.

Beyond this the general commanding desires you to maintain a supervisory control of the depot and forwarding of supplies, as directed in letter of instructions of the 15th ultimo. This supervision is to be exercised through the regularly appointed officers of the depot and railroad for the purpose of insuring promptness and dispatch. In cases of emergency, when the usual means are inefficient, you will assume direct control of affairs and hurry supplies to the front, and at once inform the general commanding the department of your action. It is believed that there need be no clashing between the duties of the officers at the depot and railroad and the district and post commanders.

A copy of this letter will be forwarded to the quartermaster in charge of the depot and one to the military superintendent of rail-roads.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

J. A. GARFIELD,

Brigadier-General, Chief of Staff.

[Inclosure.]

GENERAL ORDERS, HDQRS. DEPT. OF THE CUMBERLAND,

Numbers 215. Stevenson, Ala., September 1, 1863.

The following assignment of officers to duty at the depot of supplies at Nashville is announced:

Captain S. Perkins, jr., assistant quartermaster, chief quartermaster of the depot, and disbursing quartermaster for depot and railroads; he will also have control of the buildings and quarters necessary for the storage of supplies and the accommodation of officers assigned to duty at the depot. All other buildings used by Government will be turned over to the quartermaster of the post of Nashville.

Captain Thomas J. Cox, assistant quartermaster, clothing, camp and garrison equipage, and stationery.

Captain J. D. Stubbs, assistant quartermaster, river transportation, forage, and fuel.

