
Captain C. H. Irvin, assistant quartermaster, transportation for the use of the depot, means of transportation for the army, quartermaster's stores, and shops.

Captain William Mills, Seventy-fourth Ohio Volunteers, acting assistant quartermaster, inspector of sutlers' goods. It will be his duty to inspect all sutlers' goods offered for shipment to the front, to see that no articles except those allowed by regulations and orders are permitted to come forward, and that the means of transportation at his disposal are so used as to do justice to all parties.

Captain F. S. Winslow, assistant quartermaster, is relieved from duty at the depot, and will report to Brigadier General R. S. Granger for duty as quartermaster of the post of Nashville.

All other duties than those above enumerated will be performed by the post quartermaster, under direction of the post or district commander.

By command of Major-General Rosecrans:

C. GODDARD,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

FLINT RIVER, September 2, 1863-3.55 p.m.

Brigadier-General GARFIELD:

Four regiments of infantry and a battery of First Brigade, Second Division, Reserve Corps, reached this point at 11 a. m. The Tenth Ohio Cavalry remained in Huntsville, as ordered in your dispatch of yesterday. Have no information of Colonel McCook, Second Brigade. Have supplies sent to this point at once.

JAS. D. MORGAN,

Brigadier-General.
HEADQUARTERS DEPARTMENT OF THE CUMBERLAND,Stevenson, Ala., September 2, 1863.

Brigadier General J. D. MORGAN, Via Flint River:

Send guard immediately to saw-mill at Larkinsville. It is a valuable mill; will be very useful.

By order of Major-General Rosecrans:

C. GODDARD.

FLINT RIVER, September 2, 1863-4.04 p.m.

Lieutenant Colonel C. GODDARD, Assistant Adjutant-General:

I have no cavalry with me to send to saw-mill at Larkinsville after Tenth Ohio Cavalry at Huntsville is ordered [away]. Colonel Tillson will move, with that part of the brigade with him, in the morning to Stevenson. General Granger asks the question where Colonel McCook is. I cannot answer, as I have had no communication with him since leaving Columbia. Please answer for me.

JAMES D. MORGAN,

Brigadier-General, U. S. Volunteers.

STEVENSON, ALA., September 2, 1863.

Brigadier-General MORGAN,

On the March from Huntsville to Flint River:

The general commanding directs you to send one brigade as soon as practicable to this place to relieve General King's brigade, now

