
Granger's order to strip me of my command, bur merely to inform you of the condition of things and the cause of them

There is no news of public interest here. Everything seems to be very quiet. The people of this village and the surrounding country have, as a general thing, taken the oath of allegiance and given bond, in which condition they seem to be quiet, satisfied, and contented. I send out small scouting parties; they occasionally come across small guerrilla bands, of which they kill some and capture others. We have 1 or 2 rebel officers now at this place in jail, subject to the order of General Granger.

I remain, general, your obedient servant,

JAMES G. SPEARS,

Brigadier General, Comdg. Third Brigade and Post at Carthage.

STEVENSON, September 2, 1863.

Brigadier General ROBERT S. GRANGER,

Nashville:

The general commanding directs me to say that there is a system of plundering in this department under the guise of orders, under the authority for confiscation of contraband goods of sutlers and illegal venders; many articles, the private property of officers, appropriated. The general commanding has himself several times been the victim of this thieving practice. In order to prevent such abuses he directs that all articles in transit to this army which may be seized in Nashville under this authority be turned over to Captain Mills, assistant quartermaster, and when addressed to officers of the army the parties be notified of the fact and the character of the package, and that they be disposed of according to the evidence of such parties.

J. P. DROUILLARD,

Captain and Aide-de-Camp.

McMINNVILLE, September 2, 1863.

Lieutenant-Colonel GODDARD:

I am here, as directed by order dated August 30, with the Third and Sixth East Tennessee Infantry Regiments and Stokes' cavalry. My regiment is still at Carthage. Shall I remain here in command, or return to my regiment at Carthage? We will be left without artillery. If in the event I am to return, can I not remain here with my family a few days?

J. T. SHELLEY,

Colonel, Commanding.
HEADQUARTERS DEPARTMENT OF THE CUMBERLAND,September 2, 1863.

Colonel C. R. THOMPSON,

Comdg. Colored Vols., Elk River Bridge, via Decherd:

Your letter of yesterday is received. I have ordered Colonel Innes and General Granger not to detach a smaller force than one-third of the whole regiment, and then it must go under the command of a field officer. Let us know anything you want.

J. A. GARFIELD,

Brigadier-General and Chief of Staff.

