HEADQUARTERS TWENTY-THIRD ARMY CORPS,Camp at Waller's, Tenn., September [2], 1863.

Major General A. E. BURNSIDE,

Commanding Army of the Ohio:

GENERAL: Your message to meet you at Waller's Ferry found me at Poplar Creek, just going into camp. I immediately pushed on to this place, and have just arrived. As you did not say certainly at which place you would be, I have determined to stop here, fearing I may miss you if I proceed, and to send forward to you. If this finds you at Lackey's, will you please send word to me by the bearer, and I will come forward immediately. I would consider that Shackelford's having left would indicate that you would be at Lackey's instead of here. If he had not left this morning, then you must have known it at the time when your directions were sent. If you intended only to go to Lackey's from Kingston, I suppose you would go the direct and shortest road, in which case you would not be at this place at all, and if you intended going to Lackey's by way of this place, I am ahead of you, as I cannot hear that you have passed. In this case I am right to stop here.

I mention these contingencies to show that I have some difficulty in determining what I ought to do, and why I remain here until I can hear whether you are at Lackey's. I inclose the note* from Major Van Buren, and hope you will find its terms justify my uncertainty and course.

Hascall, with his entire division, except to Twelfth Kentucky, will encamp at Poplar Creek to-night and move forward at an early hour to-morrow. He has six days' rations throughout. If I do not hear from you to-night, I will on to Lackey's to-morrow morning.

I have the honor to be, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

GEO. L. HARTSUFF,

Major-General.
HEADQUARTERS TWENTY-THIRD ARMY CORPS,Big Emery, Tenn., September 2, 1863.

Brigadier General M. S. HASCALL,

Comdg. Third Division, Twenty-third Army Corps:

The major-general commanding the corps directs that you will please inform him when Colonel Gilbert's command is all up. Also, at the same time, at what hour [you can] be ready to move forward your division.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

E. C. BROWN,

Major and Aide-de-Camp.
HEADQUARTERS TWENTY-THIRD ARMY CORPS,Big Emery, Tenn., September 2, 1863.

Colonel FRANK WOLFORD,

Commanding Independent Cavalry Brigade:

There are slight indications that Forrest intends attacking or making a raid upon our train from a southwesterly direction. Be

---------------

*Not found.

---------------

