
very vigilant and careful. Keep your men thoroughly in hand at all times.

The entire train will be moved as soon as possible to this point. Some of the subsistence wagons will probably start to-night. Send with them a small guard, and send with the wagons returning empty to Kentucky, under Captain Lunt, a small guard also.

After leaving Schooler's for this place, leave small pickets on the Winter's Gap road, on the Jamestown and Montgomery road, and the approaches to it from the southwest near Montgomery. Bring the rest of your force here, reporting to me your arrival, when you will receive further instructions.

Much complaint has been made about pillaging and plundering by the troops. Be very watchful over your own command, and take every precaution against it by that.

In every case where you obtain forage be very careful to have receipts given by the proper officers, and leave, when at all possible, a small portion of their corn or other grain for subsistence of the family. We are among people the majority of whom are thoroughly loyal, and they must be carefully and kindly treated as friends.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

GEO. L. HARTSUFF,

Major-General, Commanding.
HEADQUARTERS FIFTEENTH ARMY CORPS,Camp on Big Black, Miss., September 3, 1863.

General COSBY,

Comdg. Brigade of Cavalry, C. S. Army, Clinton:

DEAR SIR: I have received yours of yesterday, and have sent it to Brigadier-General Woods to inquire if the negro can be found.

Before discussing the questions involved, I wish first to get the subject in hand. We contend of course that all offenders against well-known law shall be punished, and if the negro adds insult to outrage, we, too, consider the case aggravated. But whether the United States military or Confederate authorities should take cognizance of the case is the real question. If the State of Mississippi had her courts and civil machinery at work, I would promptly promise to arrest and deliver over to them all offenders against the law upon the claim of the proper officer. But as the State of Mississippi as a civil establishment is defunct, wanting in all the attributes of a sovereignty, all I can now promise in this case is to hunt up this negro, if he can be found, put him in close and safe confinement, and send word to the witnesses to appear against him, before a military commission, which will try and do the fellow summary and substantial justice.

Captain Bullock and Major Grant have met many of their personal friends, and will carry you all the news accessible to us. I beg you will, if in your power, remember me kindly to your sister, Mrs. Rich, whom I had the honor to know under other and more agreeable times.

With great respect,

W. T. SHERMAN,

Major-General, Commanding.

