
Third Brigade, Colonel J. W. Fuller, Twenty-seventh Ohio Infantry, commanding: Twenty-seventh Ohio Infantry Volunteers, Thirty-ninth Ohio Infantry Volunteers, Forty-third Ohio Infantry Volunteers, Sixty-third Ohio Volunteers, Light Company F (Second U. S. Artillery), and Third Michigan Battery.

Fourth Brigade, Colonel T. J. Kinney, One hundred and nineteenth Illinois Infantry, commanding: Twenty-first Missouri Infantry Volunteers, One hundred and nineteenth Illinois Infantry Volunteers, and Seventh Wisconsin Battery.

By order of Brigadier General James C. Veatch:

JAMES O. PIERCE,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

GERMANTOWN, September 3, 1863.

S. L. WOODWARD,

Assistant Adjutant-General, Cavalry Division:

I ambushed the ferries and patrolled the river last night at the points indicated by General Grierson, but no attempt at crossing was made. My party ascertained that they were farther up toward La Fayette. I have ordered the forces in that vicinity ambushed to-night.

EDWARD HATCH,

Colonel, Commanding.

GERMANTOWN, September 3, 1863.

General B. H. GRIERSON:

There are four detachments looking for the guerrillas; nothing heard from them

E. HATCH,

Colonel, Commanding Third Brigade.

STEVENS0N, ALA., September 3, 1863-12 p.m.

(Received 10.10 a. m., 4th.)

Major General H. W. HALLECK,

General-in-Chief:

The bridge was repaired to-day at noon. Trains* have been passing over since that time. Most of the troops are now over. No report from General McCook, who probably reached Valley Head with his Second# Division to-day, and possibly has seized Winston's Gap. None from the cavalry at Rawlingsville. Have you any news from Burnside? any reason to think forces will be sent from Virginia to Easte Tennessee? Any that Joe Johnston has sent any forces up this way? Thomas will be at Trenton, McCook at Valley Head, and Crittenden between Whiteside's and Trenton, communicating with Thomas to-morrow night. We shall seize the gaps in Lookout Mountains at Frick's and Winston's, while we threaten Chattanooga by the river road.

W. S. ROSECRANS,

Major-General, Commanding.

---------------

*Copy as received by General Halleck reads, "The troops have been crossing," &amp;c.

#Copy as received by General Halleck reads, "with his two divisions to-day," &c.

---------------

21 R R-VOL XXX, PT III

