
STEVENSON, ALA., September 3, 1863.

Colonel E. D. TOWNSEND,

Assistant Adjutant-General, Washington, D. C.:

Portions of Fifty-first and Seventy-third Indiana, ordered here some time ago to reorganize, have not arrived. I understand they are detained at Indianapolis. I desire that they may be sent to Nashville as soon as possible. Parts of both are now there.

W. S. ROSECRANS,

Major-General.

STEVENSON, ALA., September 3, 1863.

Major General GEORGE STONEMAN,

Chief of Cavalry Bureau, Washington, D. C.:

It frequently happens that animals, horses, and mules can be purchased in this country at fair price, and I therefore request that my chief quartermaster, Lieutenant Colonel H. C. Hodges, may be designated by you as one of the officers authorized to purchase animals for the army.

W. S. ROSECRANS,

Major-General.
HEADQUARTERS DEPARTMENT OF THE CUMBERLAND,Stevenson, Ala., September 3, 1863-2.30 a.m.

Major General GEORGE H. THOMAS:

GENERAL: The general commanding announces the following orders for the movement of the army:

General Stanley will move the cavalry now in the vicinity of Bridgeport and Caperton's Ferry to Rawlingsville, Ala., himself taking the route on the right of the movement from Caperton's Ferry, and General Crook that by way of Trenton and Valley Head to Rawlingsville.

General Crook will communicate with General McCook on his route. General Stanley will send such force from Rawlingsville as he may deem sufficient for the purpose to Rome, Ga., or as far in that direction as practicable, to ascertain the position and intentions of the enemy. This force should push forwarded with audacity, feel the enemy strongly, and make a strong diversion in that direction. General McCook will move his corps to Valley Head, General Johnson following the route of General Davis and General Sheridan, reaching Valley Head by way of Trenton, unless he can find a practicable route on the mountain. General McCook will seize and hold Winston's Gap as soon as possible. He will open communication with General Thomas via Trenton.

General Thomas will move his corps to Trenton and send a regiment to the junction of the Trenton and Chattanooga road with the Whiteside's and Murphy's Valley road, and open communication with General Crittenden. He will then, if practicable, send a light brigade, without artillery, on some by-road, to seize Frick's Gap, and send the balance of the division up Lookout Creek, via Johnson's Crook, to seize Stevens' Gap.

