
General Crittenden will move his corps up the valley of Running Water Creek to Whiteside's, where he will post one regiment, and send one division along the Nashville and Chattanooga Railroad, to the Trenton road, with orders to push forward as near to Chattanooga as practicable and threaten the enemy in that direction. With the remainder of his force he will occupy a position near the junction of Murphy's Valley road with the road marked on the map as "a good wagon road to Naylor's." He will hold his train on his right and in rear, and be in readiness to move either upon Whiteside's, the Trenton road, or Shellmound. One regiment of Colonel Minty's brigade of cavalry will report to General Crittenden for duty and one regiment of Colonel Wilder's brigade will join General Thomas.

These movements should be completed on the evening of September 4.

Brigadier-General Hazen will assume temporary command of the troops covering our left flank. General Wagner, Colonel Minty, and Colonel Wilder will report to and receive orders from him.

General Hazen will carry out the instructions from General Crittenden in regard to the threatening of Chattanooga, and leading the enemy to believe that we have a large force in front of it. Should the enemy fall back, he will immediately take possession of that place. He will also keep open communication, by way of Bridgeport, with these headquarters, and should communication be interrupted, and it should appear to him that his services were no longer needed there, he will proceed to join his command via Bridgeport, reporting his movements and the reasons therefor.

The Third Brigade, First Division, Fourteenth Army Corps, will remain on line of railroad from Anderson to Bridgeport until relieved by General Morgan, when it will join its division.

Corps commanders and the chief of cavalry will make frequent reports to department headquarters, which will be at this place until further notice.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

J. A. GARFIELD,

Brigadier-General, Chief of Staff.

(Copy to Major-Generals McCook, Crittenden, and Stanley, and Brigadier-General Hazen.)

Journal of operations of the Fourteenth Army Corps.

SEPTEMBER 3, 1863.

Corps headquarters moved from Bolivar Springs at 6 o'clock, via Caperton's Ferry, to Moore's Spring, on road from Bridgeport to Trenton. First Division reached Bridgeport, but could not cross in consequence of damage to bridge, and the trains of Sheridan's division of McCook's Twentieth Army Corps being in front. Second Division marched to Warren's Mill, on top of Sand Mountain, on the road to Trenton. Third Division reached Graham's Store on road from Shellmound to Trenton. Fourth Division marched 6 miles on the Trenton road from Shellmound.

