HEADQUARTERS FOURTEENTH ARMY CORPS,Moore's Spring, Ala., September 3, 1863.

Brigadier-General GARFIELD,

Chief of Staff, Department Headquarters:

I have the honor to state that I arrived, with my headquarters at this place this evening. If nothing unforeseen transpires, will reach Warren's Mill or Brown's Spring to-morrow night.

In consequence of the bridge giving way at Bridgeport, General Baird (First Division) was unable to cross his division. I gave him orders to cross this morning, and take this route over Sand Mountain, following General Negley.

I find the road up the mountain rough and quite difficult to get heavily loaded wagons and artillery up.

General Negley (Second Division) was unable to get his trains all up to-day, but will do so to-morrow, and make Brown's Spring to-morrow night.

The Third Division (Brannan's) is now all on this side of the river, and his subsistence trains at Bridgeport, waiting to cross. There is one company of the Fourteenth Ohio guarding the signal station in the vicinity of Jasper. I respectfully ask that this company be relieved by General Crittenden's troops, so that it can join the division at once.

General Reynolds (Fourth Division) passed his division to this side of the river, and had received the necessary marching orders. I would respectfully ask that the regiment belonging to the Second Division, stationed at Cowan, and also the regiment belonging to the Fourth Division, stationed at Tracy City, be relieved and ordered to join their commands.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

GEO. H. THOMAS,

Major-General, Commanding.
HEADQUARTERS FOURTEENTH ARMY CORPS,Moore's Spring, Ala., September 3, 1863.

General A. BAIRD, Commanding First Division:

GENERAL: The general commanding has given General Reynolds instruction to use one brigade of infantry from your division on your arrival at Trenton, to send to the junction of the Trenton and Chattanooga road with the Whiteside's and Murphy's Valley road, for the purpose of seizing and holding Frick's Gap, providing you get up in time. He also desires you to follow General Reynolds as rapidly as possible, without overtaking troops transportation General Reynolds will send you the order in due time in regard to the above.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

GEO. E. FLYNT,

Assistant Adjutant-General and Chief of Staff.
HEADQUARTERS FOURTEENTH ARMY CORPS,Moore's Spring, September 3, 1863.

Brigadier-General BAIRD, Commanding First Division:

I am instructed by the general commanding to say that, as you have not been able, in consequence of the delay in crossing the

