
early in the morning. I will seize Winburn's Gap (called Winston's in my instructions). I do not expect resistance. Will communicate at once. The road to-day very bad. All goes on swimmingly, and our part will be well done.

Respectfully,

A. McD. McCOOK,

Major-General, Commanding.

P. S.-Tell general about distance mentioned in Stanley's letter. Davis at Winston's. Johnson about 5 miles from there. He will go down in the morning.

A. McD. McC.
HEADQUARTERS TWENTIETH ARMY CORPS,September 3, 1863-1.30 p.m.

Brigadier General J. C. DAVIS,

Commanding First Division:

GENERAL: Your dispatch, sent by officer of the Thirty-ninth Indiana Volunteers, is received. The Second Division and our headquarters are here, on the south side of the road, some 3 miles in rear of your division, at a small stream. The general expected to make his headquarters with your division to-night, but our train is so far behind that he has concluded to remain here, and will ride down to see you early in the morning. Application has been made for some cavalry for your, but it was not granted, owing to the fact that Colonel McCook is now on his way to Rawlingsville with a large cavalry force, and will entirely protect your right and front. Colonel McCook, with his advance, will reach you shortly; he is here.

It is well that you have good guides, as we have no accurate map of the country. The order for you to be on the lookout was only cautionary, owing to the fact that General Sheridan had not been able to move forward to protect your left. You will hear from him on your left about to-morrow. He was to move from Bridgeport to Winston's, over Moore's road. He may come in to the west of Winston's. Remington is coming on behind, with about thirty wagons of rations for you. He will be along here early to-morrow. The rest of your supply was sent to Stevenson to be loaded up.

Respectfully, your obedient servant,

G. P. THRUSTON,

Assistant Adjutant-General and Chief of Staff.

BRIDGEPORT, September 3, 1863-7.55 a.m.

Brigadier-General GARFIELD,

Chief of Staff:

I did not get your message about second damage to bridge until this morning. Seven bents fell at 9 o'clock. I then sent the men to their quarters and commenced work at daylight this a. m. The original cause of failure of the bridge is the wash at bottom of posts. Some of the bents put up yesterday bear into the river, others toward the shore, and others stand plumb as they were set. I have commenced setting them this morning, with four legs bracing both

