HEADQUARTERS U. S. FORCES,Poe's Tavern, September 3, 1863-4 p.m.

Colonel FUNKHOUSER,

Commanding Detachment of Mounted Infantry:

I forward dispatches that should go on at once. I have just received orders to assume command of all the troops (Wilder's, Wagner's, and Minty's) on the left on this side of the river. Be pleased to send a company for duty at these headquarters as messengers, &amp;c.; also send one to Thatcher's. It must keep us advised of everything, and need not be relieved daily. You can withdraw one company from each-Igou's and Harrison's-if you are short of men.

Burnside's headquarters is at Kingston.

Respectfully,

W. B. HAZEN,

Brigadier-General.
SPECIAL ORDERS, HDQRS. THIRD DIV., 21ST ARMY CORPS,Numbers 202. Jasper, Tenn., September 3, 1863.

I. By direction of the general commanding the Twenty-first Army Corps this command will move to and cross the Tennessee River at Shellmound as soon as the way is open, of which notice will hereafter be given. The troops will be supplied with three days' rations in haversacks with to-morrow morning.

* * * * * * * * * * *

By command of Brigadier General H. P. Van Cleve:

E. A. OTIS,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

NASHVILLE, September 3, 1863-12 p.m.

General ROSECRANS:

If Fifth Iowa Cavalry is taken from Murfreesborough, the whole line of railroad from la Vergne to Tennessee River is left without a mounted man. Guerrilla parties and bands of thieves are organizing in all quarters. It certainly is not judicious to strip the railroad entirely of cavalry. The new cavalry organizing here is of little or no account. If Colonel Lowe goes to McMinnville he will be junior to General Spears. These matters demand your serious consideration.

G. GRANGER,

Major-General.

STEVENSON, ALA., September 3, 1863-11.30 p.m.

Major-General GRANGER,

Nashville:

You must take care of McMinnville. It is too important for us to lose; see to that. As for Iowa cavalry, I don't see but what a part of it should, by a steady system of patrols, accomplish all you wish, and the remainder can go to McMinnville. Where is the Eleventh Kentucky, lately at Carthage? Can't you have boats

