
YOUNG'S HOUSE,

Lookout Creek, Ala., September 3, 1863.

Colonel A. P. CAMPBELL,

Commanding First Brigade:

This division will move at daylight to-morrow to Rawlingsville. Reveille will be sounded at 3 a.m.; the general at 4 a.m.

Order of march: Second Brigade, Third Brigade, First Brigade.

By command of Colonel E. M. McCook:

JNumbers PRATT,

Assistant Adjutant-General.
HEADQUARTERS SECOND CAVALRY DIVISION,Near Junction of Bridgeport and Island Creek Roads,

[September 3, 1863.]

Brigadier General J. A. GARFIELD,

Chief of Staff, Department of the Cumberland:

GENERAL: General Sheridan's division crossed before my train, and says he thinks he can let my train over this evening. The road between here and Bridgeport is blocked up by General Negley's train, and I do not know how soon my train can get down.

Respectfully, your obedient servant,

GEORGE CROOK,

Brigadier-General, Commanding.
HEADQUARTERS DEPARTMENT OF THE OHIO,Near Loudon Bridge, Tenn., Via Somerset, Ky.,

September [3] 1863. (Received 12 p.m., 5th.)

Major General H. W. HALLECK,

General-in-Chief:

I have the honor to inform you that our forces now occupy Knoxville, Kingston, and other important points. General Hartsuff's corps, after the concentration, of which I notified you, moved froward. General Carter's cavalry division of that corps preceded the corps in three columns; one under command of General Shackelford, on Loudon Bridge; one under Colonel Byrd, on Kingston; one under Colonel Foster, on Knoxville. The last-named places were taken without material opposition, but at Loudon the enemy was strongly posted. After a brisk skirmish they were driven back by Shackelford's command. They fired the bridge before they retreated, and it is now in ruins. Colonel Bryd captured at Kingston a steam-boat in process of construction, but nearly finished. Colonel Foster captured at Knoxville two locomotives and a number of cars, and a very considerable amount of army stores were captured by the different brigades of Carter's division. Great praise is due to the troops of the command for their patience, endurance, and courage during the movement. Harsuff's corps, which has been in the advance, has proved itself to be one the best in the service. I am thankful to report that we suffered no loss from the hands of the enemy except a few wounded.

I have the honor to be, general, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

A. E. BURNSIDE,

Major-General.

