
COVINGTON, KY., September 3, 1863.

N. BOWEN,

Assistant Adjutant-General:

Durell is not ready to start. Edwards' battery and mine are waiting for transportation. I except to leave on 5th; company next day.

S. N. BENJAMIN.
HEADQUARTERS,Lenoir's, Tenn., September 3, 1863.

General HARTSUFF:

GENERAL: Your orderlies arrived so late last night, with jaded horses, that I concluded not to return them until this morning. You of course know that Knoxville is in our possession, and Loudon Bridge is burned. I have ordered White to come to Lackey's, and remain there until further orders. Gilbert you can bring on to Knoxville. Please direct all of White's trains to come up; also some supplies, as he is out. If I don't wait at Lackey's until you come, I will write you fully. Please hasten the inclosed dispatch to Somerset. It can go direct to Wolford with instructions to him to hurry it up by some of his men. Please come to Lackey's at once upon the receipt of this.

Yours, truly,

A. E. BURNSIDE,

Major-General.
SPECIAL ORDERS, HDQRS. TWENTY-THIRD ARMY CORPS,Numbers 59. Lackey's, Tenn., September 3, 1863.

I. General Hascall, with Cameron's brigade of his division, will take a position at or near Lenoir's, and obtain his supplies from that vicinity and eastwardly. The Second Ohio Volunteer Cavalry is assigned temporarily to his command.

II. General White will proceed with his division to Loudon or its vicinity, and assume charge and control of that place and the country in its neighborhood. The Forty-fifth Ohio Volunteer Mounted Infantry is assigned temporarily to his command.

III. Colonel Gilbert, with his brigade, will march at an early hour to-morrow to Knoxville, and assume command of the city and of Knox County, as military governor. The battalion of the Ninth Ohio Volunteer Cavalry is hereby temporarily assigned to Colonel Gilbert's command, and will report to him at Knoxville.

* * * * * * * * * * * By command of Major-General Hartsuff:

GEORGE B. DRAKE,

Assistant Adjutant-General.
HEADQUARTERS TWENTY-THIRD ARMY CORPS,Knoxville, Tenn., September 3, 1863.

Brigadier General JULIUS WHITE,

Comdg. Second Division, Twenty-third Army Corps:

Your dispatch concerning rations is just received. The twelve wagons of subsistence sent to you are not all that will be sent. The

