
by these bands we have no interest in them. I tell all I see that we don't care what they do. If they befriend us we will favor them, but if they are inert they must bear the burdens of two hostile armies. They cannot expel us, but they can our enemy, and that is their only hope of peace.

As ever, your friend,

W. T. SHERMAN,

Major-General.
HEADQUARTERS DISTRICT OF MEMPHIS,MEMPHIS, Tenn., September 4, 1863.

Major DATUS E. COON,

Commanding Second Iowa Cavalry Volunteers:

You will, until further orders, send out daily from your command scouting parties on the Pigeon Roost road, Horn Lake and Hernando roads, respectively, for the purpose of reconnoitering the country between Memphis and Hernando. You will use your own discretion as to the strength of the parties, the time of day at which they move, and the route to be followed in any particular case, acting upon the information you may receive from time to time. Any important result attained or information received will be immediately reported direct to these headquarters.

By order of Brigadier General James c. Veatch:

JAMES O. PIERCE,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

MEMPHIS, TENN., September 4, 1863.

General HURLBUT:

A deserter from Tupelo, formerly an orderly to General Ferguson, has just reported to me. He reports that Ferguson has at Tupelo and Pontotoc 4,000 cavalry, with ten pieces of artillery, as follows: Four small howitzers, four 12-pounder howitzers, and two rifled pieces. He reports that Ferguson is contemplating a raid against some station on the railroad; thinks the intended point is Middleton; says that Roddey is to make a move on Glendale at the same time that Ferguson strikes west of Corinth.

I have scouts in that direction whom I expect in shortly, when I will endeavor to more fully post you.

Newsom, with some 700 men, is in the neighborhood of Jackson, Tenn., stealing horses and conscripting.

August MERSY,

Colonel, Commanding.
HDQRS. CAVALRY DIVISION, SIXTEENTH ARMY CORPS,Memphis, September 4, 1863.

Colonel EDWARD HATCH, Germantown:

Deserters from Tupelo report General Ferguson at Tupelo and Pontotoc, with 4,000 cavalry and ten pieces of artillery. He is contemplating a raid against the railroad at some station, probably toward Corinth. Keep sharp lookout on your front.

B. H. GRIERSON,

Brigadier-General, Commanding.

22 R R-VOL XXX, PT III

