
GERMANTOWN, September 4, 1863.

Lieutenant S. L. WOODWARD,

Acting Assistant Adjutant-General, Cavalry Division:

The Seventh Illinois ambushed the river in the vicinity of La Fayette last night. Captain Webster, of that regiment, reports that he thinks 20 or 30 crossed in the vicinity of Moscow about 12 or 1 o'clock. The river is fordable in so many places it is difficult to entirely cover it.

EDWARD HATCH,

Colonel, Commanding Third Brigade, Cavalry Division.

[PADUCAH, KY.,]]

September 4, 1863.

Major WILLIAM M. MABRY,

11th Illinois Infantry, Commanding Expedition:

MAJOR: You will hold your command in hand at Murray, only sending out scouts to keep yourself posted in regard to the movements of the enemy. Guard against surprise, and, if necessary from the information you gather, fall back to Mayfield, Ky., using at all times your own good judgment. I am expecting the general this morning, and will, after conference with him, send you dispatches, and, I think, re-enforcements that will enable you to attack and capture the rebel force at Paris. I know nothing of a force being sent out from Union City to co-operate with you, not being informed by the general in regard to same. Can you not get reliable information of the forces at Paris from Union men in that vicinity? I shall rely upon your good judgment to act promptly in case of an emergency.

Respectfully,

JAS. S. MARTIN,

Colonel 111th Illinois Infantry, Commanding Post.

[PADUCAH, KY.,]

September 4, 1863.

Major WILLIAM M. MABRY,

111th Illinois Infantry, Commanding Expedition:

MAJOR: The general telegraphs me that the rebel force at Paris, Tenn., is small, if any, and also that Colonel Harrison was at Dresden yesterday with 136 men from Corinth, and goes north to-day toward Murray; also that two companies of cavalry left Union City yesterday for Murray, but they would not remain at that point.

I send companies C and G, One hundred and eleventh Illinois Infantry, under command of Captain Pierce; they will report to you for orders. I would advise you to mount one company of infantry, and, with your cavalry force, throw out scouting parties and scour the country, advancing with your infantry, which you will always keep well in hand to act as a reserve for your mounted force. You must use your own judgment in your movements, relying upon the

