HEADQUARTERS DEPARTMENT OF THE CUMBERLAND,Bridgeport, Ala., September 4, 1863.

Major-General THOMAS,

Commanding Fourteenth Army Corps:

Your dispatch is received. The regiments have been ordered to be relieved as requested. The accident to the bridge has delayed our trains very much. Brannan's is now crossing and Baird's will follow. Department headquarters will be established to-night at Cave Spring, near the foot of the mountain and near the head of Island Cree.

Very respectfully,

J. A. GARFIELD,

Brigadier-General, Chief of Staff.
HEADQUARTERS FOURTEENTH ARMY CORPS,Moore's Spring, September 4, 1863.

Brigadier-General GARFIELD,

Chief of Staff:

I have the honor to report that I have not been able to move my headquarters from this place in consequence of General Sheridan occupying the road. He will be up by 9 a.m. to-morrow, and out of my way. I hope to be able to be at Johnson's Crook Sunday night.

The First Division is in camp this side of the river, opposite Bridgeport, to-night. It will follow Negley's division, and will reach the foot of the mountains at Brown's Spring Sunday night. Nehley's division will be at Brown's Spring to-night, and if General Sheridan gets out of his way, he will reach Johnson's Crook Saturday night.

General Brannan's division will follow Reynolds to Trenton, and will probably reach there to-morrow night.

General Reynolds has not sent in his report to-day, but I expect he will reach Trenton to-night.

I think my corps will be prepared to advance from Trenton Monday morning. I shall follow Negley's road. Herewith I send a rough map* of the different roads up the mountains from Bridgeport and Shellmound to Trenton.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

GEO. H. THOMAS,

Major-General, Commanding.

BRIDGEPORT, September 4, 1863-8 a.m.

Lieutenant-Colonel FLYNT,

Assistant Adjutant-General:

COLONEL: Your note of yesterday, dated Moore's Spring, directing me to follow General Negley, is just received. I have not yet begun to cross, and with the best luck cannot begin before noon to-day. There is a cavalry train now passing, nearly over. General Branna's one hundred wagons come next. I will follow immediately. I spent yesterday here with General Rosecrans. This order

---------------

*Not found.

---------------

