
of movement was sanctioned by him. The bridge worked nearly all night and then broke again; crossing suspended some hours. It is again in operation, but I do not think very stable. I will follow your last order to close up on Negley. I have to leave a regiment here as a guard unless King gets one here before I leave. I was so directed by General Rosecrans. General Crittenden is crossing to-day, I learn, up the river, but his trains have to cross here. I will precede them. I will watch the bridge to keep the work going on, and close up as soon as I can.

Most respectfully, your obedient servant,

A. BAIRD,

Brigadier-General, Commanding Division.
HEADQUARTERS DEPARTMENT OF THE CUMBERLAND,Bridgeport, September 4, 1863-10.30 [a.m.]

Brigadier-General BAIRD:

The general commanding directs that you send a party to examine the ford at the foot of the island, and have it marked with buoys so that there need be no mistake in crossing at that point.

Respectfully, your obedient servant,

F. S. BOND,

Major and Aide-de-Camp.
HEADQUARTERS DEPARTMENT OF THE CUMBERLAND,Bridgeport, Ala., September 4, 1863.

Brigadier General A. BAIRD,

Commanding, Bridgeport:

The general commanding directs you to forward all prisoners sent here from the front to the provost-marshal at Nashville. Colonel Innes, military superintendent of railroads, will furnish transportation. He can always be reached by telegraph Nashville. These instructions must be turned over to the officer who succeeds you at this post.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

C. GODDARD,

Lieutenant-Colonel and Assistant Adjutant-General.
HEADQUARTERS DEPARTMENT OF THE CUMBERLAND,Stevenson, Ala., September 4, 1863-8 a.m.

Brigadier-General KING,

Commanding at Stevenson:

The general commanding directs you to forward all dispatches for department headquarters to the commanding officer at Bridgeport, to be forwarded to headquarters wherever they may be located.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

J. A. GARFIELD,

Brigadier-General and Chief of Staff.

