
BRIDGEPORT, September 4, 1863.

Brigadier-General KING,

Stevenson, Ala.:

The general directs that your order to this place two companies of pioneers now at Stevenson, and that the assistant quartermaster

furnish transportation for them.

J. P. DROUILLARD,

Captain and Aide-de-Camp.
HEADQUARTERS DEPARTMENT OF THE CUMBERLAND,Stevenson, Ala., September 4, 1863.

Brigadier-General KING,

Commanding Brigade, Stevenson, Ala.:

Lieutenant Ephraim Latham, commanding First Independent Company, Alabama Volunteer Cavalry, is ordered to report to the commanding officer at Stevenson, who is directed to furnish the company with arms as soon as possible, when they will be posted in the vicinity of Larkinsville and along the line of the Stevenson and Huntsville railroad, and do duty as scouts until they are furnished with horses.

Procure horses and equipments for them as soon as possible.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

J. A. GARFIELD,

Brigadier-General and Chief of Staff.
HEADQUARTERS FOURTEENTH ARMY CORPS,Moore's Spring, September 4, 1863.

Major-General BRANNAN,

Commanding Third Division:

The general commanding directs that you keep closed up on General Reynolds as much as possible, keeping your trains closed up as well as the circumstances and bad roads will admit, and upon your arrival in Trenton to be prepared to send one brigade of infantry, with two days' rations, across the mountains to seize and hold Frick's Gap. The movement of this brigade should commence Monday morning.

Captain Gaw, who has explored the roads leading to Trenton, says the right-hand Gordon's Gap road is much the best, and leads direct to Trenton. The general thinks you had better go by that road.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

GEO. E. FLYNT,

Assistant Adjutant-General.
HEADQUARTERS FOURTEENTH ARMY CORPS,Camp at Moore's Spring, Ala., September 4, 1863.

Major-General REYNOLDS,

Commanding Fourth Division:

You are directed by the general commanding to have your train all closed up immediately after your arrival in Trenton, and on Monday morning to move your division up the Lookout Valley road

