
is reported bad. I am now having it examined, and have the mountain-top picketed. It is 8 miles on top of mountain to the descent. This point is about 25 miles from La Fayette, 23 miles from Trenton, 9 miles from Rawlingsville, 25 miles from Caperton's Ferry, 48 to Rome, 42 to Chattanooga, and 45 to Dalton. Davis' division will be encamped here to-night. Johnson will take Davis' place in the valley, and I intend encamping Sheridan at Mrs. Gardner's, 2 miles below this place toward Trenton. Ed. McCook is on my right. Crook with about 600 men is here. My headquarters will be at the mouth of a little gap, about one-half mile from this place. General Stanley will be with me. All goes on well. The rebel cavalry has all moved toward Chattanooga. I have sent to communicate with General Thomas. Hope to find him this side of Trenton.

Respectfully,

A. McD. McCOOK,

Major-General, Commanding.
HEADQUARTERS TWENTIETH ARMY CORPS,Winston's, or Valley Head, September 4, 1863-11 a.m.

Major-General THOMAS,

Commanding Fourteenth Army Corps:

I arrived at this place this a.m. This is at the foot of Lookout Mountain. The road up the mountain reported bad. Davis is encamped at this place. Johnson will encamp 2 miles back in the valley. Sheridan, when he comes up, will be posted at Mrs. Gardner's, about 2 miles from here toward Trenton. McCook's cavalry on my right. Crook with 600 men here. I hold the top of the mountain.

Two deserters from the Fifty-first Alabama Cavalry left Wheeler's command of 2,000 cavalry at Alpine, on the other side of Lookout Mountain, yesterday morning. They were marching toward Chattanooga. They had been down on the Coosa River, recruiting men and horses; half of them only being armed, the others having lost their arms at Shelbyville. All my information lead me to believe that the grand concentration is taking place at Chattanooga. Joe Johnston is reported to be there; also Longstreet from Virginia.

I have but little forage in this valley.

Very respectfully,

A. McD. McCOOK,

Major-General.
HEADQUARTERS TWENTIETH ARMY CORPS,Long's Spring, September 4, 1863-4 p.m.

General J. A. GARFIELD,

Chief of Staff:

GENERAL: I have just returned from top of Lookout Mountain. The orders of the general commanding will be fully carried out.

The dispatches of this morning for Stanley overtook him just as he was descending into Broomtown Valley. Crook was in advance. I overtook the infantry in person at the point where the roads fork on the mountain-one leading direct to Alpine, the order toward Sum-

