
merville. I communicated with Stanley. One brigade of cavalry will move up toward the Missionary Ridge, along the base of Lookout Mountain, and Heg's brigade will join it in the valley 8 miles north of Alpine, when they will move in reconnaissance. General Davis, with Carlin's brigade, has gone direct to Alpine, and will support the cavalry there. I do not know what Stanley's instructions are, but the wrote me that he could carry them out as well on that side of Lookout Mountain. He has 5,800 sabers and can whip all before him. He will go to Summerville, and I think to La Fayette, and you may look for him to communicate directly with you at Trenton. He will do it if enemy's infantry is not in that neighborhood. I will forward you all the news at once. Sheridan is rationed to include the 4th of October. No news here. All well.

Respectfully,

A. McD. McCOOK,

Major-General, Commanding.
HDQRS. FIRST DIVISION, TWENTIETH ARMY CORPS,September 4, 1863.

Colonel P. S. POST,

Commanding First Brigade:

COLONEL: Orders to move forward to Winston's to-day have just been received. General Davis directs that you move this evening at 1.30 o'clock, with your train and Fifth Wisconsin Battery following your troops.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

T. W. MORRISON,

Captain and Assistant Adjutant-General.
HDQRS. FIRST DIVISION, TWENTIETH ARMY CORPS,September 4, 1863.

Colonel H. C. HEG,

Commanding Third Brigade:

COLONEL: Orders to move forward to Winston's to-day have just been received. General Davis directs that you move this evening at 2.30 o'clock, with your train and Eight Wisconsin Battery following your troops.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

T. W. MORRISON,

Captain and Assistant Adjutant-General.

BRIDGEPORT, September 4, 1863-6.27 a.m.

Brigadier-General GARFIELD,

Chief of Staff:

The bridge stands well. We have passed General Sheridan's entire train and about one hundred and thirty wagons of the cavalry train. One of the bridge trestles broke. This is now replaced by another, and we are leveling up some other that have settled a little Will commence passing trains about 7 a.m.

K. A. HUNTON,

Lieutenant-Colonel.

