
[SEPTEMBER 4, 1863]

General GARFIELD:

General Crittenden wishes to know if you intend to establish a line of couriers between department headquarters and his own at Shellmound. All the transportation of the corps, except Van Cleve's train, is across the river and well closed up. Palmer and Van Cleve's supply trains are up. Palmer crossed at Shellmound [Battle Creek?]. Van Cleve is here ready to go over.

J. J. McCOOK,

Aide-de-Camp.

SHELLMOUND, September 4, 1863-8.40 p.m.

Brigadier-General GARFIELD:

My headquarters is now 200 yards from the telegraph station at Shellmound. My command is all over except a small portion of the ammunition train which is now crossing. None of the transportation up, and General Wood will be out of supplies to-morrow.

T. L. CRITTENDEN,

Major-General, Commanding.

SHELLMOUND, September 4, 1863-8. p.m.

Colonel C. GODDARD,

Assistant Adjutant-General:

Dispatch just received. I will have the distance between the piers of Running Water Creek bridge measured to-morrow and report.

TH. J. WOOD,

Brigadier-General.
HEADQUARTERS DEPARTMENT OF THE CUMBERLAND,Bridgeport, September 4, 1863-12.30 p.m.

Brigadier-General WAGNER:

Dispatches from Colonels Wilder and Minty and accompanying dispatch* from General Burnside are received. The general commanding is pleased with the activity and enterprise of the forces in front of and above Chattanooga. He desires that force to continue to watch carefully the movements of the enemy in that region. The ranking officer will hold the force well in hand, and be in readiness to cross to Chattanooga, or close down this way and cross the river at Battle Creek or below, according as the enemy's movements may make it most expedient.

In the late order from Stevenson to General Hazen, directing him to assume temporary command of the forces in the neighborhood of Chattanooga, the general commanding supposed General Hazen was the ranking officer. He has since learned that General Wagner is probably the senior in rank; if this be so, he directs the letter of instructions above referred to to be turned over to General Wagner,

---------------

*See Burnside to Rosecrans, September 2, p. 297.

---------------

