
draw supplies of the kind and quantity required and the points at which they will be received, informing them at the same time that, to avoid the evils consequent upon the customary mode of foraging, to insure to themselves prompt payment or proper vouchers, it will be necessary that the inhabitants themselves should provide and bring the supplies to the points indicated, or collect and give notice where they can be had and why they cannot be delivered at the specified place. It will be the duty of commanders to see that the proper staff officers receive and settle for such supplies. They will also provide a suitable guard, with a competent commissioned officer, to supervise the transactions, to enforce orders, and prevent injustice to citizens, and will promptly and severely punish neglect or violation of this or foraging orders.

II. The general commanding regrets to be obliged to call attention of commanders to the neglect of the provisions of department General Orders, Nos. 17 and 30, of 1862.* Foraging must be conducted strictly in accordance with them.

III. When encamped in an inhabited country commanders will establish, when practicable, markets, to be held at suitable times at designated points near the picket lines, to which the inhabitants of the country will be invited to bring, for sale or barter, vegetables fruits, forage, and all supplies required for the use of the army. These markets will be under the supervision of the provost-marshal, who will see that no disorder takes place, and that no impositions are practiced either on citizens or soldiers. Any attempt to defraud the people, or take away their animals or other property, must be promptly and severely punished.

By command of Major-General Rosecrans:

C. GODDARD,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

ORDERS.] HDQRS. DEPARTMENT OF THE CUMBERLAND,

Winchester, Tenn., August 15, 1863.

I. The Fourteenth Army Corps, Major-General Thomas, will move as follows: Two divisions to a good camping ground north and in vicinity of Stevenson; two divisions into the Sequatchie and Battle Cree Valleys, in supporting distance of each other, near Jasper and north of Battle Creek. The divisions will take their ammunition, and not less than eight days' rations, and forage for not less than five days. The sick will be sent to Nashville or left at Cowan, with one regiment for a guard, until they can be sent to Nashville. This regiment will also furnish guards for the depot at Cowan, the railroad bridge, and the tunnel. A regiment of infantry will be left to guard the depot at Tracy City, whence the left wing of the Fourteenth Army Corps will draw its supplies, for at least five days to come.

General Thomas will provide rapid and certain communication between his right and left wings by courier and signal, or both combined; his right wing will draw supplies from the railroad; his staff officers, for the purpose, will correspond with and get orders from the proper chiefs of the department staff.

---------------

* See Series I, Vol. XX, Part II, pp. 61,116.

---------------

