
now massing his forces near Chattanooga, and that all available men have been brought to that place from Atlanta. Forrest's headquarters are at Kingston; Armstrong is at Athens, with strong pickets at all fords and ferries on the river. Armstrong's men believe that Generals Carter and Pegram are now fighting for the possession of the gap north of Kingston. I hope to be able to give definite and reliable information on this subject to-morrow evening.

I am, respectfully, your obedient servant,

R. H. G. MINTY,

Colonel, Commanding.
HEADQUARTERS DEPARTMENT OF THE CUMBERLAND,Bridgeport, Ala., September 4, 1863.

Major-General GRANGER,

Nashville:

Burnside has taken Kingston. The general commanding directs you to hurry forward General Van Cleve's brigade that held McMinnville. The bulk of our force is now in Lookout Valley, reaching from Rawlingsville, via Trenton, to within 6 miles of Chattanooga. Braggs is receiving some re-enforcements from Johnston. You must leave minimum garrisons in all your posts and come forward with all the force you can possibly spare. We want you with us, and will, I think, be able to feed you and ourselves. All goes well thus far. Let us hear from you often. Our headquarters are en route to Cave Springs, at the foot of the mountain near the head of Island Creek, on the other side of the river. We shall be there to-night. Telegrams will reach us here for three hours yet.

J. A. GARFIELD,

Brigadier-General, Chief of Staff.

SEPTEMBER 4, 1863-1 P. M.

Major-General GRANGER,

Nashville:

Orders have been given to Colonel Innes to transport by rail such of your forces as you can bring with you. General Morgan's and Colonel McCook's commands have been ordered to close in this way, and occupy the railroad from here to Tantalon and from here to Flint River.

J. A. GARFIELD,

Brigadier-General, Chief of Staff.

NASHVILLE, September 4, 1863.

General GARFIELD:

I have ordered forward Whitaker's brigade to Stevenson. Will you give the necessary order to Morgan and McCook? Shall I push forward the two regiments at Columbia to Huntsville and Flint River?

G. GRANGER,

Major-General.

