
same as the mountains at Caperton's Ferry. Distance to Rome, 48 miles; to Dalton 45 or 50; to La Fayette, 25. Our trains are not up yet; must be guarded.

The rebels all have the report that there has been fighting at Loudon, and they say (only a rumor) that a corps has gone up the Tennessee railroad. I am satisfied we can learn nothing of the enemy's movements until we cross the mountain. I will see what I can find out to-morrow. It is no use to push cavalry any farther down this valley, as the road to Rome leads directly across to Broomtown Valley. To Rome by the valley is about 70 miles.

D. S. STANLEY,

Major-General.
HEADQUARTERS FIRST DIVISION CAVALRY,September 4, 1863.

Major W. H. SINCLAIR,

Assistant Adjutant-General, Cavalry Corps:

The scout I sent to Rawlingsville returned this evening. There was nothing there. Two miles the other side, at the spring, they found the Confederate saltpeter works, and captured the agent of the niter bureau, Mr. Douglas. They had just got the works ready to go into operation. A patrol of 4 men from one of the Kentucky rebel cavalry regiments came up in sight of our vedettes to-day. I can gain no certain intelligence of them, but think probably there is a small force, part of Wharton's, some place near Lebanon. Have I permission to go there and see? It is only 14 miles, and the road good.

There is plenty of corn between here and Rawlingsville, and for half a miles the other side. No water sufficient for a command there. The first is 2 miles beyond, on Lebanon road, where there is a very large spring, running out water sufficient for stock and men.

Two of the prisoners taken to-day report that 5 men who came through from Chattanooga and arrived this morning said the rebels commenced evacuating that place on the 1st, falling back toward Atlanta. I will send them to you in the morning. I send you sketch of roads in this vicinity, and to-morrow will forward those about Rawlingsville. It is rough, but correct. A good many of these home guards are up in the mountains armed. What policy do you desire pursued toward them; are they to be treated as bushwhackers or soldiers?

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

EDWARD M. McCOOK,

Colonel, Commanding.
HEADQUARTERS FIRST DIVISION CAVALRY,Allen's House, September 4, 1863.

Major W. H. SINCLAIR,

Assistant Adjutant-General:

I am encamped 4 miles from Rawlingsville, and have had all the roads scouted in this vicinity. All except the regiment sent to Rawlingsville have returned, and report small parties of home guards on

