
them, I have been unable to discover. On a high bluff on the right of the ferry landing there is a masked battery of two guns. No change at any of the other ferries or fords since last report.

I am, respectfully, your obedient servant,

R. H. G. MINTY,

Colonel, Commanding.
HEADQUARTERS U. S. FORCES, LEFT FLANK,Poe's Tavern, September 4, 1863-6 a.m.

Colonel MINTY,

Commanding Cavalry:

The courier will carry the order placing the forces of this flank under my command. Be pleased to keep me advised of everything that transpire. Contract your left as much as the presence of Burnside's forces there make it practicable. Post at least one company at Thatcher's, relieving one of Wilder's now there. Inform me at once, if you have not already done so, about the supplies at Pikeville. Have you any reason for believing that Burnside will need them?

Very respectfully,

W. B. HAZEN,

Brigadier-General, Commanding.
HDQRS. FIRST BRIGADE, SECOND CAVALRY DIVISION,Smith's Cross-Roads, September 4, 1863.

Brigadier-General HAZEN,

Commanding, Poe's Tavern:

SIR: Yours of yesterday's date was duly received. The hard bread spoken of by General Van Cleve is stored and guarded at Pikeville, where I have between 300 or 400 men. There is more bread there than I will require. If you require any I can let you have 250 or 300 boxes.

The Fifth Confederate Infantry arrived at Blythe's Ferry the night before last, but whether to relieve or re-enforce the two Mississippi regiments, I have not been able to discover. They were working at the intrenchments again yesterday morning, and have now two guns masked on a high bluff to the right of the landing.

A man named Burnett presented himself here this a.m., professing to be a scout sent out by General Wood to learn something about the position of the enemy on the river. No one here knows anything of him, and I doubt him. I therefore send him back to you. He says General Wagner knows him to be O. K.

I am, respectfully, your obedient servant,

ROBT. H. G. MINTY,

Colonel, Commanding.

ASSISTANT QUARTERMASTER-GENERAL'S OFFICE,

Cincinnati, Ohio, September 4, 1863.

General M. C. MEIGS,

Quartermaster-General, Washington, D. C.:

GENERAL: I have this day sent to you a dispatch, a copy of which is annexed, stating that 18, 857 horses and 16, 477 mules were fur-

