
I hope you will close down upon our left as soon as possible, and at once throw cavalry in that direction to cover our flank. I have much evidence to show that Johnston is re-enforcing Bragg with a considerable force.

If you come this way you can draw supplies from here or McMinnville. Let me hear from you frequently.

W. S. ROSECRANS,

Major-General.

GENERAL FIELD ORDERS, HDQRS. ARMY OF THE OHIO,

Numbers 12. September 4, 1863.

Brigadier General S. P. Carter is hereby temporarily detached from the command of the Cavalry Division, Twenty-third Army Corps, and is appointed provost-marshal-general of East Tennessee, making his headquarters at Knoxville.

The provost-marshal-general will have jurisdiction in all civil matters, will take cognizance of arrests and of all violations of civil or military law, and will have the general supervision and direction of the district in all cases that pertain to his department. He will retain such members of his staff as may necessary for the purposes of his office, and will make application for such other details as he may require.

By command of Major-General Burnside:

LEWIS RICHMOND,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

KNOXVILLE, TENN.

September 4, 1863.

Brigadier-General POTTER:

Please hurry down the Ninth Corps as rapidly as possible by way of Cumberland Gap. All well.

A. E. BURNSIDE,

Major-General.
HEADQUARTERS ARMY OF THE OHIO,Knoxville, Tenn., September 4, 1863.

Colonel FOSTER:

You will, in order to avoid all risk of surprise on your return, employ reliable citizens at all stations and other points on the road to scout the country in their vicinity, and make arrangements with them to give you notice before running into any place of danger.

Also use the citizens in moving up the road, if necessary, taking them with you. In case only of absolute necessity, you can leave the cars and take care of your party on foot. At some of the more important points you can leave some of your own men to gain information.

In case you are compelled to leave the cars, return on the track and obstruct it in the direction of this place.

It is presumed you will take all necessary precaution of you own

