
accord, and this is simply to call your attention to the most important. The horses you leave will be sent to camp immediately, and only mounted men will be left at Flat Creek.

I am, colonel, yours, &amp;c.,

A. E. BURNSIDE,

Major-General, Commanding.
HDQRS. SECOND DIVISION, TWENTY-THIRD ARMY CORPS,Loudon, Tenn., September 4, 1863.

Major-General HARTSUFF,

Commanding Twenty-third Army Corps:

GENERAL: I have the honor to state that, according to your orders, I occupied this place on yesterday, and have placed the Forty-fifth Ohio Volunteer Mounted Infantry and the One hundred and eighteenth Ohio Volunteer Infantry, with the Twenty-fourth Indiana Battery, on the south side of the river, the remainder of the division being encamped on the north side. So soon as a bridge or other facilities for rapid crossing can be constructed, it will be proper, I presume, to throw the bulk of the command across. There is part of the materials for a pontoon-bridge, prepared by the rebels, lying on the bank of the river, and,with a competent engineer, I could soon have a bridge. Can you send down one?

We have found 130 sacks salt, a few horses, mules, and beef-cattle, left by the enemy, all which will be duly accounted for by the proper officers. I shall find a considerable amount of wheat and corn belonging to rebels and some to union men in this vicinity. I have just sent several hundred bushels wheat to the steam mill in Loudon, which is in running order, and capable of making twice as much flour per diem as this command will consume. There is also a corn-mill not far distant. I expect to issue flour to-morrow.

A detachment from the Forty-fifth Ohio has been sent to a point about 15 miles distant on the railroad, where a quantity of arms and quartermaster's goods were said to be left by the rebels.

The defenses erected by the enemy are very extensive; entirely too extensive for occupation by my command. Some will be demolished, others, that are available for us, will be occupied. Those on the south side of the river have a southern front, and are quite strong. We are in them.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

JULIUS WHITE,

Brigadier-General.

NEW ORLEANS, LA.,

September 5, 1863.

Major General H. W. HALLECK,

Washington, D. C.:

Since my dispatch of this date I have seen General Grant. While his injuries are not serious, he will be unable to move for some days. May be detained here for a week.

N. P. BANKS,

Major-General, Commanding.

