HEADQUARTERS SIXTEENTH ARMY CORPS,Memphis, Tenn., September 5, 1863.

Colonel J. C. KELTON,

Asst. Adjt. General, Hdqrs of the Army, Washington, D. C.:

COLONEL: I am informed from a source which I believe to be well posted-in the confidence of very prominent men in the South-as to the expectations and intentions of the leaders.

They consider the reduction of Charleston as simply a matter of time. Upon the happening of that event, Savannah and Mobile are to be abandoned.

The entire force east of the Mississippi to be concentrated, under command of Lee, and thrown upon Washington, Baltimore, Philadelphia, and New York. Already, as a means to this end, the heavy wheat crops are being taken up and depots for supplies established in the interior.

That this movement is contemplated, I do not doubt; whether it will be carried into execution, is a matter of which I cannot be captain.

I considered it my duty to send this forward that it may be compared with such other information as the Department may have from other sources. It is of course the last resource of desperation, but perhaps not the less likely to be adopted for that reason.

Your obedient servant,

S. A. HURLBUT,

Major-General.

GERMANTOWN, September 5, 1863.

Brigadier General B. H. GRIERSON:

General Carr telegraphs for my brigade. Shall I order out the Memphis cavalry?

EDWARD HATCH,

Colonel, Commanding Third Brigade.

WAR DEPARTMENT,

Washington, September 5, 1863-12.30 p.m.

Major-General ROSECRANS, Army of the Cumberland:

I have heard nothing from General Burnside since his dispatch of August 31, the substance of which was sent to you. His instructions were to advise you of his movements, and to connect as soon as possible with your left. There is no reason here to suppose that any of Lee's troops have been detached, except, perhaps, a small force to Charleston, S. C.

H. W. HALLECK,

General-in-Chief.

CAVE SPRING, ALA.,

Via Bridgeport, Ala., September 5, 1863

(Received 12.55 p.m., 6th.)

Major-General HALLECK, General-in-Chief:

Except one division, opposite Chattanooga, the Fourteenth, Twentieth, and Twenty-first Corps are now across the river.* By to-mor-

---------------

*General Rosecrans' copy reads "opposite Chattanooga, except one division Fourteenth, Twentieth, and Twenty-first Corps."

---------------

