
row night they will be in position in Lookout Valley, extending from Rawlingsville to within 6 miles of Chattanooga. The rebels prepared a pontoon-bridge at Chattanooga last night, with the apparent intention of crossing. I have ordered General Granger to bring up all the available reserves to Bridgeport and Stevenson, leaving minimum garrisons at all posts.

W. S. ROSECRANS,

Major-General.
SPECIAL ORDERS, HEADQUARTERS OF THE ARMY,Numbers 400. ADJUTANT-GENERAL'S OFFICE,

Washington, September 5, 1863

* * * * * * * * *

4. Brigadier General W. F. Smith, U. S. Volunteers, will report for duty to Major-General Rosecrans, commanding Department of the Cumberland.

* * * * * * * * * *

By command of Major-General Halleck:

E. D. TOWNSEND,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

CIRCULAR.] HDQRS. DEPARTMENT OF THE CUMBERLAND,

In Camp, Cave Spring, Ala., September 5, 1863.

For the purpose of better securing our lines of communication, the general commanding directs that a weekly inspection of all bridge and other railroad defenses will be made by the commanders of troops guarding such works, or by some officer whom he shall detail for that duty, and that a report thereof shall be forwarded to these headquarters every Monday morning.

These reports must show the present state of the defenses in regard to their security from artillery; the state of the ground around them; any possible cover for an enemy in their vicinity, and the state of the supplies of wood, water, and rations. Necessary supplies for a week's siege must be kept constantly on hand.

Where there are thickets, woods, or heavy growth of weeds within rifle range of any work, they must be removed at once. Water tanks or barrels should be sunk inside or near the block-houses, so that water can be drawn at all times. Block-houses should be surrounded by a small earth-work, conforming in plan to the blockhouse itself, and which will mask it wholly or in part from artillery fire. The entire circuit of the defenses should be surrounded by an abatis of timber, placed about 100 yards from the work, and under its fire. It should be carefully staked down, points sharpened and interlaced, and all leaves and twigs removed. Six men, with two teams, can, without overexertion, very rapidly put down this most valuable addition to the defense of field-works. By working constantly but slowly, the health of the men will be improved and the works very materially strengthened.

Stockades should in all cases a ditch in front, and the earth should be banked up to the level of the loop-holes. Other sugges-

