
tions will, from time to time, be given by the chief engineer, who will at an early day make a minute inspection of all these works.

By command of Major-General Rosecrans:

C. GODDARD,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

(To commanders of troops guarding lines of communication in this department.)
HEADQUARTERS FOURTEENTH ARMY CORPS,Top of the Mountain, September 5, 1863.

General ROSECRANS,

Commanding Department:

I have the honor to report that I will make by headquarters near Warren's Mill to-night. General Negley's division is camped at Brown's Spring, foot of the mountain. General Baird's division is camped at Moore's Spring, and will come up to-morrow. General Reynolds is near Trenton, probably one brigade in Trenton to-night. General Brannan's division up with Reynolds.

General Negley has sent forward a reconnaissance to-day to explore a route from Brown's Spring to Johnson's Crook, and also to take possession of and to hold the road leading up Johnson's Crook. General Negley came upon the rear guard of a cavalry brigade near the foot of Lookout Mountain, capturing tools, &amp;c. Deserters to the number of 15 came to his camp last night. One direction from Chattanooga says that Bragg is there with 25,000 troops, more or less demoralized and all anxious to get away; is of the impression that he will fight at Chattanooga.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

GEO. H. THOMAS,

Major-General, Commanding.
HDQRS. SECOND DIVISION, FOURTEENTH ARMY CORPS,Camp at Brown's Spring, Ga., September 5, 1863.

Lieutenant Colonel GEORGE E. FLYNT,

Chief of Staff:

COLONEL: Colonel Harrison, with his regiment of cavalry, arrived last night, with a written communication from Major-General McCook, which I forwarded to you. Colonel Harrison returned this morning, leaving one company to convey to General McCook your reply. I sent him all the military information I possessed of our relative movements, &c.

My division has arrived, and is encamped at Brown's Spring. A sufficiency of water has been obtained by excavating the spring. I inclose you a sketch* showing the disposition of the troops, also of the road to this point. The road has been repaired as much as possible, and is passable; the descent of the mountain is, however, very rough, and cannot be remedied. My trains are all up safe, excepting the few wagons sent to the rear for the supplies left at Moore's

---------------

*Not found.

---------------

