
and information to Captain Merill. General Sheridan encamps to-night at the foot of the mountain near Trenton. My couriers have orders to bring back any dispatches you may have to send. I am having the country in the neighborhood mapped as carefully and speedily as possible. Your dispatch of 8.15 was received about an hour ago.

I am, general, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

A. McD. McCOOK,

Major-General, Commanding.

P. S.-The dispatch of last evening about the delay of General Thomas' corps in getting up, referred to in your communication of 8.15 a.m. to-day, was not received. I am only supplied with No. 12, but can get the Wright cipher from General Stanley, if desired.
HDQRS. THIRD DIVISION, TWENTIETH ARMY CORPS,In Camp, Gunther's Mill, September 5, 1863.

Brigadier-General, GARFIELD,

Chief of Staff, Twentieth Army Corps:

GENERAL: The bearer, one of your orderlies, has just reported to me in search of General Thomas' headquarters. General Thomas is still in Hog Jaw Valley waiting for my trains to get up the mountain. They will be up 10 o'clock to-day. Negley's train is in my front. I will reach the valley to-day if not delayed by trains in advance, and will encamp on Crawfish Creek, about 3 miles from base of mountain. The mountain road to Winston's, via Raccoon Creek, is very bad.

I am, general, very respectfully,

P. H. SHERIDAN,

Major-General, Commanding.
HEADQUARTERS DEPARTMENT OF THE CUMBERLAND,Cave Spring, Ala., September 5, 1863-11 p.m.

Major General P. H. SHERIDAN,

Commanding Third Division, Twentieth Army Corps:

GENERAL: The general commanding directs you to take post with your command at some favorable position, near the Narrows, that will command the entrance to Johnson's Crook. General Thomas has been directed to send a force to occupy the mountain gap to the eastward of that position, and it is the wish of the general commanding that your command shall support General Thomas' force if necessary, and also fill the space between Trenton and Valley Head. Our maps were incorrect. We had supposed these places much nearer to each other than they are.

A copy of this dispatch has been forwarded to General McCook. All goes well thus far.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

J. A GARFIELD,

Brigadier-General and Chief of Staff.

