
ORDERS.] HDQRS. THIRD DIV., TWENTIETH ARMY CORPS,

In the Field, September 5, 1863.

This division will resume the march this morning in the following order:

First, First Brigade, General Lytle; second, Third Brigade, Colonel Bradley; third, brigade trains in the order of their brigades; fourth, ammunition train; fifth, ambulance train; sixth, division supply train; seventh, Second Brigade, Colonel Laiboldt, as rear guard.

The division will encamp on Crawfish Cree, near the base of the mountain, unless otherwise ordered.

By order of Major-General Sheridan:

T. W. C. MOORE,

Lieutenant and Acting Assistant Adjutant-General.

SHELLMOUND, September 5, 1863.

General GARFIELD,

Chief of Staff:

Am I at liberty to use the road up the Nickajack route into good wagon road to Naylor's with Second Division and the bulk of my train, sending my other division up Running Water Creek as ordered? The Nickajack, a good road, is said to be the best. I hope to be ready to start in a few hours.

T. L. CRITTENDEN.

SHELLMOUND, September 5, 1863.

Brigadier-General GARFIELD,

Chief of Staff:

My entire command will be at Whiteside's to-night, and proceed in the morning as indicated in orders. I leave most of my wagons here to follow in the morning. I have delayed only so long as was necessary to have supplies up and wagons cross the river at Bridgeport. My headquarters will be here till 4 in the morning when I move to junction of the road as ordered. When I asked this morning for permission to march on Nickajack road, I did not know that Brannan was marching on it.

T. L. CRITTENDEN,

Major-General.
HEADQUARTERS DEPARTMENT OF THE CUMBERLAND,Cave Spring, Ala., September 5, 1863.

Major-General CRITTENDEN,

Shellmound:

The general commanding permits you to take the Nickajack route if you deem it better. He hopes your command will get into position as soon as possible. He is gratified that your trains have crossed so promptly. A courier line has been established from here to Bridgeport, [from] which point we can communicate with you by telegraph. We go to Trenton this afternoon and may visit you before our return. Our headquarters camp, however, will not move till to-morrow.

J. A. GARFIELD,

Brigadier-General, Chief of Staff.

24 R R-VOL XXX, PT III

