
Each division commander will divide his trains into three sections and replenish the haversacks of the troops from these sections successively, sending back the empty wagons for supplies to McMinnville, or Tracy City, should we succeed in placing enough subsistence at that point. Great pains must be taken to organize these trains under competent officers, adequate guards, and staff.

III. The Twentieth Army Corps will move as follows: Johnson's division by the Bellefonte road to a camp near that point, where he will select a convenient camp, concealed from the observation of the enemy, and open communication with his corps headquarters at Stevenson by Wednesday night.

General Davis' division will move by the best intermediate route over the mountains, down Raccoon Cove, and select a good campfor forage and water, near the railroad, between Mud and Raccoon Creeks, or its vicinity, and post himself in communication with the corps headquarters at Stevenson by Thursday.

IV. The cavalry movements will be as follows: Minty's brigade will act under orders of General Van Cleve, according to special instructions of the general commanding. The chief of cavalry with the reserve brigade will follow the general headquarters, and will have special instructions for the remainder of the cavalry, which will be given him by the general commanding.

V. The Reserve Corps will move as follows: An advance to Fayetteville to protect the depot; a column of two brigades of infantry and all the spare cavalry to Athens; an advance to Decatur, to be called "the advance of the Reserve Corps", numbering 25,000 strong, and to remain there in observation with all means of transportation and movement on hand for advancing to cover our rear on the Tennessee, or protecting any point threatened within this State.

VI. The garrison at Carthage will at once be moved-except a regiment to be left as depot guard-and take post at Alexandria, cover the line of Caney Fork, and communicate with McMinnville, the garrison of which will be relieved by this brigade as soon as practicable. This Carthage brigade, with Stoke's cavalry, will draw subsistence from Carthage until further orders. A line of telegraph will be constructed from Gallatin to Carthage as soon as more pressing wants of the service are attended to.

VII. Subsistence for the right wing of the Fourteenth Army Corps, for the Twentieth Army Corps, for the cavalry, the pioneers, and headquarters, will be drawn either from the railroad or from the depot at Stevenson. For the left wing of the Fourteenth Army Corps, for the Twenty-first Army Corps, and the cavalry with them, subsistence will be drawn either from Tracy City or McMinnville. Corps and division commanders will be expected to keep up their supplies as near as possible to the amount with which they start.

VIII. These headquarters will move to Stevenson on Tuesday next.

Corps and division commanders are enjoined to observe as much reserve and secrecy and celerity as possible, and will take the utmost care to keep open communication with the parts of their commands and with these headquarters. They will see that plenty of horseshoes, nails, ropes, and paulins are taken along to replace breakages, and furnish means to improvise boats for crossing streams and even rivers.

The depots and lines of communication will be in charge of Major General G. Granger, who will give such orders as may be necessary

