
SHELLMOUND, September 5, 1863.

General GARFIELD,

Chief of Staff:

Van Cleve informs me that Colonel Dick, with his brigade, will be at Dunlap to-night.

T. L. CRITTENDEN,

Major-General.
HDQRS. 21ST ARMY CORPS, ADJT. GENERAL'S OFFICE,Shellmound, September 5, 1863.

Major-General PALMER,

Comdg. Second Division, Twenty-first Army Corps:

GENERAL: The general commanding announces the following orders for the movement of the army:

* * * * * * * * * * *

General Crittenden will move his corps up the valley of Running Water Creek to Whiteside's, where he will post one regiment and send one division along the Nashville and Chattanooga Railroad to the Trenton road, with orders to push forward as near Chattanooga as practicable, and threaten the enemy in that direction. With the remainder of his force he will occupy a position near the junction of the Murphy's Valley road, with the road marked on the map as "Good wagon road to Naylor's." He will hold his train on the right and rear, and be in readiness to move, either on Whiteside's, the Trenton road, or Shellmound.

One regiment of Colonel Minty's brigade of cavalry will report to General Crittenden for duty, and one regiment of Colonel Wilder's brigade will join General Thomas. These movements should be completed on the evening of September 4.

* * * * * * * * * *

The general commanding directs me to send you the foregoing extract of orders from department headquarters. You will march to-day (time hereafter to be designated) up Running Water Creek to Whiteside's, thence down the Murphy's Valley road sufficient distance to enable General Van Cleve's division to encamp on the same road, with his left on Whiteside's, and encamp for the night. In the morning you will proceed to the junction of the Murphy's Valley road with the road marked on the map as "Good wagon road to Naylor's," and await further orders.

The following transportation will accompany the divison: One wagon for division, and one wagon for brigade headquarters, and one wagon for each regiment; also the ammunition train and two wagons to each battery. All the wagons will proceed in rear of troops of the corps and in the same relative positions as the troops march. The First Division in the advance, the Second Division in the center, and the Third Division in the rear. One ambulance will accompany each regiment, also one hospital wagon to the regiment with the train.

Corps headquarters will be at Shellmound till to-morrow morning, when they will move early to a position near the junction of the Murphy's Valley road with the road marked on the map as "Good wagon road to Naylor's." The transportation remaining at Shellmound will be left under an efficient officer, and proceed to-morrow morning at 5 o'clock to join their respective commands, and in the same order (position) as the troops.

You will carry with the troops some tools, principally axes, that may be needed for the clearance of the road from Whiteside's down.

I am, sir, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

P. P. OLDERSHAW,

Captain and Assistant Adjutant-General.

