
concerning hard bread left at Pikeville. I have no reason to believe that General Burnside requires it.

It has been reported to me that parties of rebel cavalry still cross the river a few miles below Kingston. My scouts and patrols to Suphur Springs have not met them. The rebel pickets above this have been withdrawn. A scout from Fourth Michigan attempted to cross at the ford in Frazer's Bend yesterday; fording was good for about two-thirds of the way, when the water suddenly deepened to 12 feet. One man swam across; no enemy could be discovered.

If Burnside's cavalry at Kingston was a little more active, I could move a few miles nearer to you, although this is the best point for forage, all of which I have to get from up the valley. Moving down lower at present would endanger my train at Pikeville.

I have received no order to send a regiment to General Crittenden; if I do, I shall protest against it; the effective force of my brigade does not exceed the original strength of my own regiment.

General Crittenden has a battalion of Fourth Michigan with him. I sent one company to Thatcher's yesterday; they could not hear anything of the company of Wilder's men that were to be relieved. I believe that Macon, Ga., is the position to which Bragg is falling back. At Calhoun, on Thursday last, General Buckner ordered that all able-bodied negroes should be sent to Macon to work on the fortifications.

I am respectfully, your obedient servant,

ROBT. H. G. MINTY,

Colonel, Commanding.
HDQRS. THIRD DIVISION, TWENTY-FIRST ARMY CORPS,Shellmound, September 5, 1863.

Memorandum: Lieutenant-Colonel Vaughan will act in connection with the assistant quartermaster and commissary of subsistence of the division in carrying out the order he has received. The regimental and supply trains, ambulances, &amp;c., will probably reach here this evening from Bridgeport. One wagon to a regiment and two to each battery (to be selected by officers detailed for that purpose), and the division ambulance train, will be sent forward after the troops this evening. One hospital wagon to each will be sent with the above train. The rest of the train will follow the troops at 5 o'clock to-morrow morning, in rear of the trains of Generals Wood and Palmer, and join the command. The supply train will be divided into sections, as prescribed in the orders from corps headquarters.

Send forward the tool-wagon with the first train.

The command will move up the Valley of Running Water Creek to Whiteside's.

By command of Brigadier-General Van Cleve:

E. A. OTIS,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

NASHVILLE, September 5, 1863.

General GARFIELD,

Chief of Staff:

The Twenty-second Michigan left this morning for Stevenson. The One hundred and eight Ohio leaves for the same point to-

