
morrow morning by railroad. Whitaker's brigade marches Monday (7th) for Stevenson from Estill Springs. I will be down on Monday. How are things progressing? The Fifth Iowa Cavalry and Abbott's battery leave Murfreesborough McMinnville to-morrow.

G. GRANGER,

Major-General.
HEADQUARTERS DEPARTMENT OF THE CUMBERLAND,Cave Springs, Island Creek, September 5, 1863-9 a.m.

Major-General GRANGER,

Nashville:

Send your two regiments now at Columbia to occupy Larkinsville and guard the saw-mill there, and also to guard the Paint Rock Bridge. Huntsville may be evacuated. Morgan has been ordered to hold the railroad between Tantalon and Bridgeport with one brigade, and send McCook forward to be held in readiness to come to the front. The general commanding thinks you can bring the bulk of Steedman's command forward. Burnside occupied Kingston. Buckner has crossed the river and is falling back on Chattanooga. Forrest has burned his train and retreated across the river. Our advance is slow and difficult over the mountain. We shall not be squared up in the line from Rawlingsville to near Chattanooga by way of Trenton before to-morrow night. How many man can you bring with you, and when will you be at Bridgeport? We must know this before we can give orders to our forces up the river opposite Chattanooga. Please answer at once.

J. A. GARFIELD,

Brigadier-General, Chief of Staff.

NASHVILLE, September 5, 1863-6.15 p.m.

General ROSECRANS:

I have ordered the two regiments from Columbia to Larkinsville and Paint Rock to report their arrival to me at your headquarters. Morgan and McCook have eight regiments, 4,000 strong; Steedman, eight regiments, 3,500 strong; two regiments from Nashville, 1,000 strong; total, 8,500. About 6,000, concentrated at Bridgeport, will close up about Wednesday. Will be down on Monday myself.

G. GRANGER,

Major-General, Commanding.
HEADQUARTERS DEPARTMENT OF THE CUMBERLAND,CaVE Spring, Island Creek, Ala., September 5, 1863.

Brigadier-General MORGAN,

Flint River:

The general commanding directs you to move up and relieve the regular brigade now guarding the railroad from Tullahoma to Bridgeport as soon as possible. The two regiments now at Columbia have been ordered to Larkinsville and Paint Rock Bridge to guard the saw-mill and bridge. Send McCook's brigade to Stevenson as soon

