
as possible, with orders to hold themselves in readiness to move to the front at a movement's notice. Huntsville to be evacuated. General Granger has notice of this order.

R. S. THOMS,

Captain and Assistant Adjutant-General.

STEVENSON, September 5, 1863.

Captain R. S. THOMS,

Aide-de-Camp:

General Morgan left Flint River at 12 o'clock yesterday; will camp at Larkinsville to-night and be at Stevenson to-morrow. Message to him forwarded by courier from Flint River.

OPERATOR.

SEPTEMBER [5], 1863.

[General J. A. GARFIELD:]

Crook has crossed into Broomtown Valley to-day. Have not heard from him yet. I do not want to start to interrupt the enemy's communications until Minty joins, unless the general desires me to go sooner. Ask the general to let me know to-morrow by cipher how far I am to regulate my movements by those of the infantry.

D. S. STANLEY,

Major-General.
HEADQUARTERS DEPARTMENT OF THE CUMBERLAND,Cave Spring, Island Creek, September 5, 1863-8.30 a.m.

Major-General STANLEY,

Chief of Cavalry:

Your dispatch of 11 a.m. yesterday is received. Our columns have had hard work getting their trains up the mountain, and accidents to the bridge have lengthened the delay. It will take till to-morrow night to bring all the forces into the positions indicated in the general order for the movement. The general commanding hopes that your instructions in regard to the movement on Rome can be successfully carried out.

If Wheeler's forces have not fallen back to the south and west, you can spare a sufficient force to open the line of communication along the valley via Trenton and to thoroughly scout the front.

All goes well thus far. Two hundred of Minty's command went into Kingston with Burnside's advance. Buckner crossed the river, and is falling back on Chattanooga. Forrest burned the most of his train and retreated across the river. There is much evidence that Bragg is being re-enforced.

The general commanding will be at Trenton by 2 p.m. to-day. Send dispatches to him there. Our maps are very imperfect. Do all you can to correct and extend them.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

J. A. GARFIELD,

Brigadier-General, Chief of Staff.

