HEADQUARTERS FIRST CAVALRY DIVISION,[September 5, 1863.]

Major W. H. SINCLAIR,

Assistant Adjutant-General:

The Second and Fourth Indiana have just returned from the Rome road. They were out there about 7 miles from Alpine, 28 miles from Rome. The rebels, three regiments of them, had been encamped 4 miles from here, and left their camp in a hurry. This movement of these regiments and their return after night, when their movement could not be discovered, will lead the enemy to think that we have moved in the direction of Rome, and I suppose cause them to send at least part of their infantry from Summerville to re-enforce that place. The country out there is good for forage and water, and all the rebels had left there this evening.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

E. M. McCOOK,

Colonel, Commanding.

I send you a late paper.

ALLEN'S HOUSE,

4 Miles from Valley Head, Ala., September 5, 1863.

Colonel A. P. CAMPBELL,

Commanding First Brigade:

The colonel commanding directs that you proceed with two regiments of your brigade to Lebanon immediately, upon a reconnaissance.

* * * * * * * * * *

By command of Colonel E. M. McCOOK:

JNumbers PRATT,

Assistant Adjutant-General.
HDQRS. FIRST BRIGADE, SECOND CAVALRY DIVISION,Smith's Cross-Roads, Tennessee Valley, September 5, 1863.

Lieutenant-Colonel GODDARD,

Asst. Adjt. General Department of the Cumberland:

Sir: On Thursday General Buckner, then at Calhoun, issued an order that all able-bodied male negroes should be sent to Macon, Ga., to

work on the fortifications. It is believed by the soldiers in the rebel camps that Macon is the point of concentration: that men are now moving to that place from Virginia, and that Johnston is also to meet them there. The man who gave me this information has again crossed the river.

A recruiting officer from the Eight Tennessee reports General Burnside's advance at Loudon, which place was occupied without resistance. A scout from the Fourth Michigan attempted to cross the river at Frazer's Bend, below Washington, yesterday. The fording was good for about two-thirds of the way, when it suddenly deepened to about 12 feet; one man swam across. The rebel pickets have been withdrawn and have apparently fallen back to south of the Hiwassee. Considerable force is still shown at Blythe's and Doughty's Ferries.

I am, respectfully, your obedient servant,

R. H. G. MINTY,

Colonel, Commanding.

