
 [CHAP. XLII.HEADQUARTERS DEPARTMENT OF THE CUMBERLAND,Island Cree, Ala., September 5, 1863.

Major-General BURNSIDE,

Kingston:

Indications are now the rebels will concentrate and fight us at Chattanooga. If so, your would do the best thing for us by moving down on the west side of the river, with means of crossing, and thus threaten their right while we operate on their left and center or rear. Send this to give you present status; hope to telegraph further to-morrow. If you don't receive anything more, take this as basis of calculation down here. They have a pontoon-bridge at Chattanooga, and threaten to cross, possibly with infantry. This threatens our left and your right.

W. S. ROSECRANS,

Major-General.

LOUISA, KY., September 5, 1863.

(Via Catlettsburg, 6th.)

Brigadier-General BOYLE,

Commanding District of Kentucky:

GENERAL: I have positive information that Colonel Ferguson, with a regiment, say 600 strong, occupied Guyandotte, Va., 12 miles above Catlettsburg, Ky., yesterday, and that other bands, small in number, are within a short distance of him. There are 200 under Major Chefin [?], 20 miles above me. I had sent three companies after them before I received the notice of Ferguson's whereabouts.

There is a band of four companies, 400, in Floyd, Pike, and McGoffin. I have a small force looking for them. I send one company to re-enforce Major Thomas at Catlettsburg.

My force is not sufficient to protect the long line on my left flank-all rebel. I think there should be an additional regiment of infantry to make it safe here.

I am, general, yours,

GEO. W. GALLUP,

Colonel, Commanding Eastern District of Kentucky.

CINCINNATI, September 5, 1863.

Brigadier-General POTTER,

Commanding Ninth Army Corps, Lexington, Ky.:

Have you received a telegram from General Burnside, dated Knoxville, Tenn., September 4? It came via Barboursville.

Colonel Goodrich starts a train of supplies for the general to-morrow or the next day from Crab Orchard via Cumberland Gap. You had better send the troops of the Twenty-third Army Corps with the train as a guard. Colonel Goodrich will be in Lexington to-morrow. General Burnside's dispatch contained no particulars.

W. P. ANDERSON,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

