HDQRS. THIRD BRIG., FOURTH DIV., 23rd ARMY CORPS,South of Clinch River, 10 1/2 Miles of Tazewell, Tenn.,

September 5, 1863-12 p.m.

Lieutenant Colonel G. B. DRAKE,

Assistant Adjutant-General:

My advance is in Tazewell, Tenn. We met the enemy's pickets as the river. The advance, under Major Carpenter, Second Tennessee Mounted Infantry, was fired into twice between this and town. He found from 60 to 100 of the enemy in town. He dispatches me that the Union citizens report from 3,000 to 4,000 at the gap, 2,000 being cavalry. I shall move up at once to Tazewell, and dispatch you again.

I am, colonel,&amp;c.,

J. M. SHACKELFORD,

Brigadier-General, Commanding, &c.

[SEPTEMBER 6, 1863.-For Halleck to Hurlbut, relating to re-enforcement for Steele's Army in Arkansas, &c., see Series I, Vol. XXII, Part II, p. 513.]
HEADQUARTERS DEPARTMENT OF THE TENNESSEE,Vicksburg, Miss., September 6, 1863.

Major General S. A. HURLBUT,

Commanding Sixteenth Army Corps, Memphis, Tenn.:

GENERAL: None of the cavalry expected under Colonel Hatch has yet arrived. It is greatly needed here and could be used to good purpose. You will please send it forward without delay. If you have not the transportation to move it all at once, send part at a time by such boats as can be made available for the purpose.

By order of Major General U. S. Grant:

JNumbers A. RAWLINS,

Brigadier-General, and Actg. Asst. Adjt. General

CORINTH, September 6, 1863.

General HURLBUT:

There is, no doubt, a body of cavalry at Baldwyn, 50 miles south from here, with more force below them, including some infantry; how much I do not know. The force about Baldwyn is very vigilant, allowing no person to go in or out. They may be preparing to move east. A regiment and small battery will move in that direction to-morrow to demonstrate and get information. Shall I move the cavalry from Germantown and La Grange, preparatory to a movement in force?

If moved they should keep near the railroad till within 25 or 30 miles of this place. It will take three days to concentrate. A scout has gone to Columbus, as directed, but we will not hear from him in less than five days.

CARR.

