
BRIDGEPORT, September 6, 1863-10.25 a.m.

Major-General ROSECRANS,

Trenton:

The bridge across Running Water Valley, consisted of three spans of 150 feet each-I had no means of making accurate measurements-and trestle at each end. The four piers are so damaged by the fire that those at the ends must be entirely rebuilt for 20 or 30 feet at the top before they will support any structure. The trains ran over the top of the bridge, the top of the piers being 25 feet below the level of the track. There are seventy pieces of pine, 6 by 12,25 feet long, at the bridge, and two stocks 12 by 12,30 feet long. Inhabitants say the bridge over Lookout Creek and that over Chattanooga Creek burned.

J. C. VAN DUZER.

WHITESIDE'R, September 6, 1863-10.30 p.m.

General ROSECRANS:

Wire brought to this point this morning. General Crittende's corps marched at about 8 a.m. Palmer and Van Cleve going south through Murphy's Hollow, and Wood going east toward Wauhatchie, as the road through Murphy's Hollow is badly obstructed, and the railroad is in good order to Wauhatchie and thence to Trenton. I shall try to follow General Wood's march, and on reaching Wauhatchie send messages by my hand-car thence to Trenton. If this course does not meet your approbation, message will reach me at this point at any hour this p.m.

Very respectfully,

J. C. VAN DUZER,

Superintendent of Telegraph.

WALDEN'S RIDGE, September 6, 1863-4 p.m.

Captain C. R. CASE,

Acting Signal Officer:

Colonel Hazen wants a signal party. Lieutenant Landrum has a signal station on Walden's Ridge near Colonel Hazen. They could communicate with me at White's and with Landrum, and he could overlook Chattanooga and could open with parties coming up Lookout.

H. C. JONES,

Captain and Acting Signal Officer.

STATION 231, September 6, 1863-8 p.m.

Captain CASE,

Acting Signal Officer:

All quiet. One of White's scouts reports a regiment of rebels lying at Kelley's Ferry. I will hear more of them when White comes home

H. C. JONES,

Captain and Acting Signal Officer.

