HEADQUARTERS FOURTEENTH ARMY CORPS,Brown's Spring, Ala., September 6, 1863.

Major-General ROSECRANS,

Commanding Department:

GENERAL: I have the honor to report as follows the operations of my corps for to-day, viz, Baird's (First) division camped at Warren's Mill. Negley's (Second) division reached Johnson's Crook.

General Beatty's brigade was sent up the road to seize Stevens' Gap. About half way up the mountain encountered the enemy's pickets, and, it being dark, did not proceed farther.

The Eighteenth Ohio, of Negley's division, was sent on a reconnaissance to the top of Lookout Mountain beyond Payne's Mill; came suddenly upon the enemy's pickets just before reaching the summit, and dispersed them after exchanging shots. The regiment the examined the top of the mountain for a distance of 3 or 4 miles, but could discover no signs of any force.

The head of Brannan's division reached the head of Lookout Valley, 2 miles below Trenton.

Reynolds' (Fourth) division in camp at Trenton.

The information received to-day is, two divisions are at Chattanooga, and the balance of the force (enemy's) is concentrated at the tunnel about 10 miles from Chattanooga.

Parties have been sent out to obstruct all the roads and bridlepaths across the mountains, and the impression among the citizens is that they will retire if they can to Atlanta.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

GEO. H. THOMAS,

Major-General, Commanding.
HDQRS. FIRST DIVISION, FOURTEENTH ARMY CORPS,Moore's Spring, September 6, 1863-8.30 a.m.

Lieutenant Colonel GEORGE E. FLYNT,

Assistant Adjutant-General and Chief of Staff:

COLONEL: Generals Negley's and Sheridan's trains did not get over the mountain until about daylight this morning. Since then my train has been going up very well. I think I will get up in time to reach Lively's Creek to-night.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

A. BAIRD,

Brigadier-General, Commanding Division.
HDQRS. SECOND DIV., FOURTEENTH ARMY CORPS,James Cureton's, 6 Miles from Brown's,

September 6, 1863-1.15 p.m.

Major-General THOMAS,

Commanding Fourteenth Army Corps:

GENERAL: With the repairs we have put upon the road, it is excellent to this point. There are two steep points this side of the first ridge and one bad crossing at a dry creek one-half mile beyond here, which will have to be bridged.

