
Crawfish Creek, 4 1/2 miles from Brown's; an abundance of water for stock, spring water for a brigade. The creek water is sufficiently good for cooking purposes. A safe and convenient camping ground with a field of matured corn near by, a very suitable place for your headquarters, temporarily. At Cureton's there is an excellent spring; creek close by and good camping grounds. General Sheridan is here personally, and proposes to encamp his division here. General Beatty is moving his brigade forward to occupy Stevens' Gap, 5 1/2 miles from this place. I shall encamp the rest of the division at Easley's (1 mile from here) and at Stewart's (2 miles from here), at which latter place I propose to make my headquarters. The latter is said to be a very convenient camp ground. If this should be the case, I will select there a situation for your headquarters.
Rice's rebel cavalry, about 300 strong, passed up the valley Thursday morning before daylight.

I have the honor to remain, yours, very truly,

JAS. S. NEGLEY,

Major-General.
HDQRS. SECOND DIV., FOURTEENTH ARMY CORPS,Junction of Hurricane and Lookout Creeks,

2 1/4 Miles from foot of Mountain at Stevents' Gap,

September 6, 1863-11 p.m.

Major-General THOMAS,

Commanding Fourteenth Army Corps:

GENERAL: General Sheridan's division being extended from Cureton's to beyond Easleys', I moved the Second and Third Brigades, with trains, to this point, where there is a good spring, and abundance of good, clear creek water, also camping grounds for two divisions. At and this side of Easley's there is on each side of the road and close to the creek beautifully situated camping grounds; plenty of forage in the vicinity.

This camp is not so pleasant, but is convenient to the road and water, with rolling woodlands and open fields, the excellent spring and pure waters of Hurricane Creek, also the opportunity of encamping out of full view, commends this place for your next headquarters. The road from this point is over a succession of billow-like hills. Hurricane Creek crosses the road several times and follows its course to its headwaters at McKaig's.

The following land owners reside between this and Stevens' Gap, with distance from one farm to the next: Thornton Paddy and John Paugh, here; William Chadwick (loyal), one-half mile; John Scruggs, one-quarter miles; Robinson, superintendent of the iron-works; his son, one of the owners, one-quarter mile; Hugh McKaig, 1 1/4 miles; total, 2 1/4 miles. From McKaig's to top of mountain, 2 1/4 miles, a clearing of 25 or 30 acres half way up. Road over top 2 1/2 miles, rocky and washed. Several farms along the road. Descent of mountain, 1 3/4 miles; half way down fine spring.. Jesse Stevens lives just at foot of mountain; from his house to La Fayette 11 miles; to Chattanooga 21 miles; McLemore's Valley, about 4 miles wide, road good beyond.

Half mile this side of McKaig's there is a plain and well-beaten bridle-path leading direct across the mountain, also another bridle-

