
path one-half mile beyond McKaig's, which is said to go direct to Stevens'. Plenty forage at foot of mountain; corn matured; the valley is contracted from here; the sides broken and rocky.

The enemy have a very favorable opportunity of observing our movements and correctly estimating our force. The bold, sharp brow of Lookout Mountain, with an almost perpendicular face, overlooks the entirely valley. Our movements could be only partially concealed by marching after night. I respectfully you to General Beatty's report (inclosed) and await your further instructions.

I would also be pleased to have the Seventy-eight Pennsylvania Regiment relieved from the iron furnace. I have the honor to report the discovery and seizure for the following articles 2 1/2 miles south of here: Between 200 and 300 bushels wheat, 35 sacks shelled corn, 16 sacks oats, 6 bushels, 20 head of cattle-the property of the Empire Iron-Works. We have no means of taking care of the wheat. Can it not be sent for by one of your rear divisions?

I have the honor to remain, yours, very truly,

JAS. S. NEGLEY,

Major-General.

[Inclosure.]
HEADQUARTERS FIRST BRIGADE, SECOND DIVISION,Camp at McKaig's, Ga., September 6, 1863-9 p.m.

[General NEGLEY:]

GENERAL: We arrived here about 5 p.m. I sent the Forty-second Indiana nearly half way up the mountain. It met the enemy's pickets and about half a dozen shots were exchanged; 1 man wounded severely in leg. It being nearly dark, the regiment returned. I think the pickets were infantry. The shots fired were certainly musket, and our officers say they were dressed as infantrymen. The enemy on top of the mountain have a fair view of us; we could see them watching us when we took position.

Will remain here until we receive further orders. The road will require at least two hours' work before the trains can pass this point. Citizens say they think the road has not been obstructed.

Respectfully,

JNumbers BEATTY,

Brigadier-General.

WILDER'S HEADQUARTERS,

September 6, 1863.

General ROSECRANS:

All quiet this a.m. Demonstrations were made east last night along the river as far up as Igou's. The demonstrations at Igou's and Harrison's were made by Forrest's cavalry.

J. T. WILDER,

Colonel.
HDQRS. THIRD DIVISION, FOURTEENTH ARMY CORPS,Gordon's Mills, September 6, 1863.

Major General J. J. REYNOLDS,

Comdg. Fourth Div., 14th Army Corps, Trenton:

GENERAL: I have sent two brigades to Trenton this morning (September 6, 1863). I hope to get my communication and supply trains up

25 R R-VOL XXX, PT III

