
the mountain to-night, in which case I will advance to Trenton to-morrow, September 7, 1863, with my remaining brigade. Should it be necessary that the brigade of my division ordered to Frick's Gap proceed early to-morrow. I will send the First Brigade (Colonel J. M. Connell, Seventeenth Ohio), otherwise I will make another detail.

I am, general, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

J. M. BRANNAN,

Brigadier General, Comdg. Third Division, Fourteenth Army Corps.

[Indorsement.]
HDQRS. FOURTH DIVISION, FOURTEENTH ARMY CORPS,Trenton, Ga., September 6, 1863-2 p.m.

Respectfully forwarded to corps headquarters for the information of the general commanding.

I will send forward to Frick's Gap the first brigade arriving here from Third Division.

J. J. REYNOLDS,

Major-General, Commanding Division.
HEADQUARTERS U. S. FORCES,Poe's Tawern, September 6, 1863-6 a.m.

Colonel WILDER,

Commanding Brigade:

In case the enemy should cross, it will be of the utmost importance that he is prevented from reaching the Sequatchie Valley by any route below you. Be pleased to let me know fully what you can do in that quarter. Show this to Wagner, and say that should any crossing be made I will expect him and you to hold all passes below the Chickamauga.

Very respectfully,

W. B. HAZEN,

Brigadier-General.
HDQRS. FIRST BRIG., FOURTH DIV., 14TH ARMY CORPS,In front of Chattanooga, September 6, 1863.

Lieutenant Colonel C. GODDARD,

Assistant Adjutant-General:

I have the honor to report that deserters who swam the river last night say that Breckinridge division is the only re-enforcement Bragg has received from Johnston's army; that Jackson's brigade has been attached to Cheatham's division, making in his division five brigades; that the infantry pickets all along the river, except at Friar's Island, have been relieved by cavalry; that Bragg is not in Chattanooga; that Polk is in command there, and that the divisions of Cheatham's; that Polk is in command there, and that the divisions of Cheatham's and Hindman's are the only forces camped in and near Chattanooga.

The enemy made a demonstration all along our lines last night, as if intending to cross. They did not do it, however, and all is quiet this morning. All indications show large camps at Tyner's. The pontoon-bridge is still in readiness to be thrown across the river at any time by the enemy. I am constructing some flat-boats and rafts.

