
Kelley's Ferry, some 15 miles below this, is, I understand, without guard. It is too far away for me to protect, as my men now have more to do than they can do well. An infantry force (apparently a division) with wagon train moved from Tyner's this evening in the direction of Chattanooga.

I am, colonel, very respectfully, yours to command.

J. T. WILDER,

Colonel, Commanding Brigade.
HDQRS. FIRST BRIG., FOURTH DIV., 14TH ARMY CORPS,September 6, 1863.

Captain H. C. TINNEY,

Assistant Adjutant-General:

Colonel Wilder directs me to report that a division of rebel infantry with wagon train passed from Tyner's Station to Chattanooga to-day. One brigades is camped in the town-night. That the infantry force, together with the artillery, were withdrawn from Friar's Island at 5 p.m. to-day, but the infantry pickets along the river everywhere were left. Whether this is to be permanent or not he cannot tell. That heavy cannonading has been heard throughout the day at intervals, up the river, supposed to be about Hiwassee. That pickets report the firing to be up and not down the river, as some of your men on the mountain suppose. The pickets report this from Chickamauga.

I am, captain, very truly, your obedient servant,

ALEX. A. RICE,

Captain and Assistant Adjutant-General.
HEADQUARTERS PICKETS,Dallas, September 6, 1863.

Colonel FUNKHOUSER,

Ninety-eight Illinois:

My pickets extend 3 miles above Fletcher's Ford, 10 miles above this place; Lieutenant Rickard is there in command. All is quiet there; river is very low at that point, not more than 3 feet deep; plenty of rebels on the opposite side. Lieutenant did not to Thatcher's, but informs me by dispatch that all was quiet there. The firing heard this morning was the rebels discharging their guns. Have seen but 1 man at Harrison during the day. There is a rebel cavalry force above here on the opposite side; they came down with four teams and guard, loaded forage, and went back up the river. All is quiet here. Lieutenant Rickard will visit Thatcher's and all other important places during the night.

W. E. HOFMAN,

Captain, Commanding Pickets.

Lieutenant Martin sends word that the rebels have all gone from Nelson's; have been moving south all day.

H.

