
he brings: There are two divisions at Chattanooga. Bragg, Johnston, and Breckinridge are at the tunnel, 10 miles south of Chattanooga, with the rest of the forces. Last night they sent 100 cavalry with axes to close up Stevens' Gap, encamping 800 cavalry on opposite side. Mounted men were sent to all the gaps at Winston's; all bridle-paths are also being blockaded. The general feeling is that Bragg will fall back to Atlanta, where extensive preparations are being made. There is also a force placed at Rome. The enemy is feeding all the corn they can on the opposite side of the mountain to prevent our getting it, and driving off all the cattle.

I am, general, very respectfully,

P. H. SHERIDAN,

Major-General.

P. S.-I will go into camp at Crawfish Creek this evening so as to close up the column, and repair wagons.
HEADQUARTERS TWENTIETH ARMY CORPS,Near Winston's, Ala., September 6, 1863.

Major-General SHERIDAN,

Commanding Third Division:

GENERAL: General McCook directs that you detail one company of infantry (of about 30 to 35 men for duty) from the Third Division, to report as soon as practicable, with arms and baggage, at these headquarters to Captain A. T. Snodgrass, provost-marshal of the corps. One commissioned officer will be sufficient to take charge of the company, which will be assigned to duty at these headquarters.

The general appreciates the fact that the regiments of your command are much reduced by details already, and it is much to be regretted that the public service demands the detail above ordered. Frequent applications made at department headquarters to have a small force of detached troops assigned to this corps for the purpose above stated have proved unsuccessful. Temporary details have also been made from time to time from each of our divisions, but experience has proved that it is absolutely essential to keep a sufficient force of infantry constantly at these headquarters to perform guard, provost, pioneer, and police duty.

The company detailed will be relieved from duty here as soon as some other satisfactory arrangement can be made. The general desires a company that will do credit to the regiment from which it is taken. A similar detail will be made from each division in the corps.

I have the honor to be, general, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

G. P. THRUSTON,

Assistant Adjutant-General and Chief of Staff.
HEADQUARTERS TWENTIETH ARMY CORPS,Near Winston's, or Valley Head, Ala.,

September 6, 1863-12.30 p.m.

Major General P. H. SHERIDAN,

Commanding Division:

GENERAL: No directs communication has yet been received from you, though we have indirect information that your division was

