
last night in the neighborhood of Trenton. It is presumed from your route and location that you have had daily communication with the general commanding. Owing to the fact that the Fourteenth Army Corps has not been able to get into position as rapidly as was expected, your delay in reaching here will probably not disarrange the plans of the general commanding.

Trenton is 23 miles from Winston's, and there is a good road from that place to this that cannot be mistaken. Johnson's division is about 3 or 4 miles from Winston's. Davis' is at Winston's.

There is a tolerably good road over Lookout Mountain from this place. We are having the whole country mapped.

General McCook wishes to locate your division, unless the general commanding should determine otherwise, at Mrs. Gardner's, on the road from Trenton to Winston's, about 2 miles from the latter place, where there is good water and some forage. It is 21 miles from Trenton on the direct road, and if you have no orders to the contrary, he directs that you take position as soon as practicable. It is 25 miles from here to Caperton's Ferry. Our troops and trains reached here two days ago.

I am, general, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

G. P. THRUSTON,

Assistant Adjutant-General and Chief of Staff.
HEADQUARTERS DEPARTMENT OF THE CUMBERLAND,Trenton, September 6, 1863-9.30 p.m.

Major-General SHERIDAN:

Two dispatches have been received from you to-day. You do not acknowledge the receipt of an order sent to you early this morning directing you to go into camp with your command in some good position near the Narrows, for the double purpose of closing up more nearly the space between Generals Thomas and McCook, and of supporting General Thomas' force sent up Johnson's Crook to seize and hold Stevens' Gap.

A copy of that dispatch was also sent to General McCook. From what we hear to-day, we fear you did not receive it. In case you have passed the point referred to, the general commanding directs you to encamp in the most favorable position you can find in the vicinity in which this dispatch finds you until further orders. Take every means in your power to ascertain fully the intentions and movements of the enemy. Send a copy of this communication to General McCook. Department headquarters will be at this place for the present.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

J. A. GARFIELD,

Brigadier-General and Chief of Staff.
HEADQUARTERS TWENTY-FIRST ARMY CORPS,Junction of Murphy's Valley and Nickajack Roads,

September 6, 1863-9.35 a.m.

Brigadier-General GARFIELD,

Chief of Staff:

SIR: I have the honor to inform you that I have just arrived at this point with General Palmer and his First Brigade. General Van

