
Cleve is between here and Whiteside's, and will encamp about 2 miles from here, where there is good water. General Wood has moved in direction of Chattanooga. I have this moment heard from him that there is a force of rebel cavalry at Kelley's Ferry, as he is informed. Bragg's headquarters are at Ringgold, and he lately made a speech at Chattanooga, stating that he had been very much blamed for retreating, &amp;c., and that now he was going to fight, at all events, before he again retreated.

Your dispatch of 11 p.m. yesterday, addressed to Major-General Burnside, was handed to me this morning at 7 by a courier at Whiteside's. I inadvertently opened it, read the contents, re-enveloped it, and sent it back by special courier to Shellmound, thence to Jasper, if he can cross the river; if not, to Bridgeport. In conformity with your order. I yesterday directed the boats, &c., at Shellmound to go down to Bridgeport, but they had not left at 8 p.m.

General Brannan's column arrived at this point at the same time as mine, and is, I understand, going into camp close here. The cavalry regiment of Colonel Minty has not yet reported. I have courier communication established with General Wood.

I am, sir, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

T. L. CRITTENDEN,

Major-General, Commanding.
HEADQUARTERS DEPARTMENT OF THE CUMBERLAND,Trenton, September 6, 1863-11.30 p.m.

Major-General CRITTENDEN,

Commanding Twenty-first Army Corps:

Your two dispatches of 9.35 a.m. and 5.45 p.m. were duly received. The general commanding approves the disposition of your forces. He thinks it will be safe to send forward a part of General Wood's force to feel the enemy at the point of Lookout Mountain, and find out certainly what he is doing. There is considerable evidence to-day that the enemy is preparing to fall back on Dalton, and has already moved part of his force.

The general commanding hopes to visit you to-morrow. Department headquarters are fixed at this place for the present.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

J. A. GARFIELD,

Brigadier-General and Chief of Staff.

RUNNING WATER BRIDGE,

September 6, 1863.

General GARFIELD:

I have the honor to report that the railroad bridge over Running Water Creek was destroyed by fire on August 23 last. This bridge was a Howe arch truss, 25 feet high, running on the upper chord; total length, 565 feet, consisting of three spans and a projection over each abutment of 20 feet. Length, 175 feet; height of piers, 80 and 48 feet; height of abutments, 35 feet; total height to track from bed of river, 110 feet. One hundred and thirty-five feet of trestle-work, 30 feet high at east end, and 300 feet trestle-work at west end

