
of bridge. Six feet of the top of abutments were crumbled by the action of fire, and the piers require to be examined by and experienced engineer before any superstructure is placed thereon. The irons are all on the ground.

TH. J. WOOD,

Brigadier-General.

OPPOSITE CHATTANOOGA,

September 6, 1863-1.30 p.m.

General WOOD:

All right. Let me know what will help you, and it shall be done as near as we can. I have two regiments of troops there besides cavalry. Two bodies of troops came out of the valley last night toward Chattanooga. Do not know whether that is all or not between the river and Lookout Mountain. We are drawing their attention by firing, and driving them out of town very fast.

G. D. WAGNER,

Brigadier-General.
HEADQUARTERS U. S. FORCES,In Tennessee Valley, at Poe's, September 6, 1863- 6 a.m.

Lieutenant Colonel C. GODDARD,

Assistant Adjutant-General, &amp;c.:

The enemy at Chattanooga laid its pontoons yesterday, as if to cross. Forrest's force suddenly appeared last evening at Igou's, Harrison's, and the other crossings, making displays of artillery and otherwise threatening the attempt to cross at all points. A deserter that came across near Chattanooga reported that Jackson's brigade was ready to cross on the pontoons. I believe this to be only a feint while the army retreats.

The garrisons have been regularly relieved above, coming down the river, withdrawing their pickets, so there is nothing now above Thatcher's. Minty had a man across at Blythe's yesterday, and found nothing.

For perfect security, however, I have sent all heavy property on the hill, and have traced out every path by which a deer can climb the mountains this side of Pikeville; and can successfully prevent any crossing of them this side or at that place.

I have to report the most valuable and efficient co-operation upon the part of cavalry-Wilder's and Minty's.

I am, respectfully,

W. B. HAZEN,

Brigadier-General.
HDQRS. FIRST BRIG., FOURTH DIV., 14TH ARMY CORPS,September 6, 1863-9.30 a.m.

Brigadier-General HAZEN:

GENERAL: Your dispatch just received. In reply would say that General Wagner covers all the fords and crossing, with infantry, as far down as the Suck. Kelley's Ferry is without guard, so far as I know. It is too far away for me to take care of, and should be attended to from below. I sent a company of mounted men last

