
night to the signal station at White's; they are back, and report the whole thing as a mistake. No danger there. I am guarding the river from Williams' Island to Chickamauga, with double diligence.

General Wagner has a section of artillery and two regiments at the foot of the mountain.

I am,general, very truly, yours to command,

J. T. WILDER,

Colonel, Commanding Mounted Brigade.
HEADQUARTERS U. S. FORCES,In Tennessee Valley, September 6, 1863-10 a.m.

Lieutenant Colonel C. GODDARD,

Assistant Adjutant-General, &amp;c.:

The officer on picket at Igou's reports sharp firing across the river, supposed to be Burnside's advance, with the rear of the enemy. Forrest's command garrisons the river for several miles up and down. From the clouds of dust yesterday it would seem he has in charge the enemy's trains, which seem to be pointing toward Tyner's. The great amount of pounding across the river last night led everybody to relieve they were making boats to cross, and the impression prevailed at Wilder's camp and with the citizens that they were crossing. Wagner went down opposite Chattanooga with a battery and two regiments of infantry. The effort there proved to be a feint, nothing like crossing is going on there, and the great noise opposite here was probably from repairs of trains. It is possible that Forrest may contemplate a crossing to raid in our rear. I have made dispositions that in case he does, if we fail to destroy him,he will have to go far around Pikeville and thus give ample time for troops in the rear to prepare for him. I do not think it probable, however, that any crossing will be attempted here.

I am, very respectfully,

W. B. HAZEN,

Brigadier-General.

IN FRONT OF CHATTANOOGA,

September 6, 1863.

General HAZEN,

Poe's Tavern:

Last night about 11 o'clock Colonel Wilder sent me word the enemy was crossing above and below Chattanooga, and was also preparing to cross at the city. I immediately moved with two regiments and section of artillery in that direction; Colonel Wilder's force also moved to the river; the whole thing turned out to be a mistake, but it is probable that the enemy intended by their movements to make us believe they intended to cross. What they are doing is hard to surmise, but they have been very busy for two days, and I do not think they are running away just yet. Everything very quiet this morning. I will return to camp.

Your obedient servant,

G. D. WAGNER,

Brigadier-General.

