
Colonel Thomas H. Ruger, Third Wisconsin.

Major General C. Strong, assistant adjutant-general of volunteers and first lieutenant in Ordnance Department.

Colonel Robert O. Tyler, First Connecticut Artillery.

Captain Frank Wheaton, Fourth U. S. Cavalry, colonel Second Rhode Island.

Major Adam J. Slemmer, Sixteenth U. S. Infantry.

Major Davis Tillson, Maine Artillery.

Colonel George D. Wagner, fifteenth Indiana.

Colonel Joseph D. Webster. First Illinois Artillery.

Colonel Samuel K. Zook, Fifty-seventh New York.

Colonel John McNeil, Missouri State Militia.

Major John H. King, Fifteenth U. S. Infantry.

R. P. Buckland, Ohio.

Colonel Samuel Beatty, Nineteenth Ohio.

Colonel Charles K. Graham, Seventy-fourth New York.

Colonel Edward H. Hobson, Thirteenth Kentucky.

Colonel Mortimer, D. Leggett, Seventy-eight Ohio.

Colonel Mason Brayman, Twenty-ninth Illinois.

Colonel Joseph F. Knipe, Forty-sixth Pennsylvania.

Colonel John S. Mason, Fourth Ohio, and captain in Eleventh U. S. Infantry.

Captain Thomas H. Neill, Fifth U. S. Infantry.

Colonel T. E. G. Ransom, Eleventh Illinois.

Colonel William Vandever, Ninth Iowa.

Colonel William P. Carlin, Thirty-eight Illinois.

Colonel Thomas A. Rowley, One hundred and second Pennsylvania.

Colonel Lysander Cutler, Sixth Wisconsin.

This list was arranged with great care by the War Department, after being twice returned by the Senate for revision.

W. B. H.
HEADQUARTERS, ETC.,Poe's Tavern, September 6, 1863.

Lieutenant Colonel C. GODDARD,

Assistant Adjutant-General:

In my communication of yesterday setting forth reasons why the grounds that General Wagner sets up for claiming seniority of rank, viz, seniority of rank as colonel, are not those upon which the rank of general officers whose appointments bear the same date are regulated, but are regulated by the order of appointment, I might have added as follows, which is a case a precisely similar character:

Of the brigadier-generals appointed to rank from May 17, 1861, are the following, in the order of rank as below: Don Carlos Buell, Thomas W. Sherman, John Pope. Then comes among others of the same date: Montgomery, Kearny, Phelps, Grant, Couch, Hurlbut, Sigel, Prentiss, Kelley, McClernand, and others, all of whom were colonels of volunteers while Buell and Sherman were lieutenant-colonels, and Pope was a captain, perhaps a Missouri colonel of junior date; I think, however, he was a captain. The cases are habitual that general officers whose commissions bear the same date

---------------

aNo. 33.

---------------

