
The general commanding hopes soon to hear that you have struck a heavy blow. Department headquarters are fixed at this place for the present.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

J. A. GARFIELD,

Brigadier-General and Chief of Staff.
HEADQUARTERS FIRST DIVISION CAVALRY,September 6, 1863.

Major W. H. SINCLAIR,

Assistant Adjutant-General Corps:

MAJOR: I send 3 prisoners up this morning. Talk to the sergeant; he is tolerably intelligent and I think truthful. I believe I can get that murdering gang of Cason and Davenport to-day.

There are four gaps within 20 miles of here, Bleson's Brannan's, Lackey's, and the Van Buren Gap. The Van Buren Gap is the best for artillery and transportation. All the others practicable. I will send the map to-day as soon as completed. It will give you a good general idea of the country and roads. The rebels had no pickets at the best crossings yesterday, which are south of where our men ran them away. Have you heard anything of our transportation? I will be up to see you to-day.

E. M. McCOOK,

Colonel, Commanding.
HEADQUARTERS U. S. FORCES,Poe's Tavern, September 6, 1863- 6 a.m.

Colonel MINTY,

Commanding First Brigade, Second Division, Cavalry:

Forrest's force is opposite here at Igou's, Harrison's and the crossing, threatening to cross. A pontoon-bridge has been constructed by the enemy at Chattanooga, as if to cross there also. I believe this to be only a feint, while the army retreats. If, however, he should cross his army, you will proceed to take up a position on the mountain toward Pikeville, where you can successfully check any attempt at crossing there, having first sent out all your property.

You will receive orders this morning to come down to Sale Creek. Be able to report to me from there this evening. Look well to the river as far as Igou's.

Respectfully,

W. B. HAZEN,

Brigadier-General.
HEADQUARTERS U. S. FORCES, LEFT FLANK,Poe's Tavern, September 6, 1863.

Colonel R. H. G. MINTY,

Commanding First Brigade, Second Cavalry Division:

COLONEL: I am directed by General Hazen to say that present indications point to an expedition under Forrest to cross the Tennessee at two or more points above the Harrison Ferry. In case this occurs, the general desires you, as already directed, to attempt to hold the passes

