HEADQUARTERS TWENTY-THIRD ARMY CORPS, Knoxville, Tenn., September 6, 1863.

Brig. General JULIUS WHITE,Comdg. Second Div.,23rd Army Corps, Loudon, Tenn.:

Report as soon as possible the result of your expedition down the railroad, and extend it or send another to Athens to co-operate with a force of the First Tennessee, to be sent to same place from Kingston. It is important that the position of the enemy should be ascertained. It is said a steamer is in the river between Loudon and Kingston. Ascertain whether it is true and capture it. Report daily. If you have a telegrapher in your command, you can have an instrument and put yourself immediately in telegraphic communication with this place.

I am, general,very respectfully, your obedient servant,

GEO. L. HARTSUFF,

Major-General, Commanding.
HEADQUARTERS TWENTY-THIRD ARMY CORPS, Knoxville, Tenn., September 6, 1863.

Colonel R. K. BYRD,Comdg.1st Brig., 4th Div., 23rd Army Corps, Post Oak Springs,via Kingston:

Instead of obeying your instructions of yesterday, retain your position at Post Oak Springs, as originally ordered, and send out 300 or 400 men of the First Tennessee from Kingston to Athens to co-operate with a small force to be sent from Loudon in the same direction, the object being to find out the true position of the enemy. Report immediately via Loudon all the information obtained. It is important that you capture the three steamers understood to be in the river below Kingston. Make a daily report to these headquarters until further orders.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

GEO. L. HARTSUFF,

Major-General, Commanding.
HEADQUARTERS FIFTEENTH ARMY CORPS, Camp on Big Black, September 7, 1863.

H. W. HILL, Esq.,Chairman of Meeting of Citizens, Warren Co., Miss.:

SIR: The communication addressed to General Grant,myself, and other officers, in the nature of a petition* is received. I think it proper and right that the property-holding classes of Warren County, and indeed of the whole State of Mississippi, should meet in their capacity as citizens to talk over matters, so that they may take any steps they deem to their interest, and if such meeting be open and with the knowledge of the nearest military commander, I will protect them whilst so engaged.

Your preamble, however, starts out with a mistake. I do not think any nation ever undertook to feed, supply, and provide for the future

---------------

*See Grant to Halleck, September 19,p.732.

---------------

26 R R-VOL XXX, PT III

