
duced these points to writing that your people may have something to think about, and divert your minds from the questions of cotton, niggers, and petty depredations, in which the enemies of all order and all government have buried up the real issues of this war.

I am, &amp;c.,

W. T. SHERMAN,

Major-General, Commanding.
HEADQUARTERS, SEVENTEENTH ARMY CORPS, Vicksburg, Miss., September 7, 1863.

Brig. General JOHN E. SMITH,Commanding Seventh Division:

GENERAL: You will immediately get your division in readiness to move and embark it on board of transports as soon as they can be gotten ready, and proceed to Helena, Ark., thence to the support of Major-General Steele in the direction of Little Rock.

As your absence from here will be temporary, you will only take the effective men for duty, leaving the sick, camp and garrison equipage, and transportation, except such as your are directed to take.

The command will go provided with 200 rounds of infantry ammunition to the man, and 200 rounds of artillery ammunition for, each piece of the two batteries which you take with you. Ten day's rations, ten day's forage, four wagons to each regiment, one fore each brigade headquarters, two for each battery, two for division train.

On arriving at Helena you will most probably find instructions awaiting you from General Steele. If not, you will communicate with him as soon as possible, and will take the quickest and most practicable route to join him, whether by water or land.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

JAS. B. McPHERSON,

Major-General.
HDQRS. LEFT WING, SIXTEENTH ARMY CORPS, Corinth, Miss., September 7, 1863.

Colonel HENRY BINMORE,A. A. G., Hdqrs. 16th Army Corps, Memphis, Tenn.:

COLONEL: I arrived here at 3 p.m., 5th instant, and immediately assumed command, as the reported advance of the enemy from Okolona to Baldwyn, within 50 miles of this place, rendered it necessary to take some immediate action.

Colonel Burke, commanding Camp Davie, a few miles south of this place, had sent out a battalion of cavalry and proposed to send the rest of the regiment on Monday (8th), and he asked for a mountain howitzer battery, which I sent him.

I also telegraphed to the commanders of the cavalry brigades at Germantown and La Grange to be ready to move at short notice, and to the major-general commanding, informing him of the facts.

The same evening I received a telegram from teh major-genera; commanding,notifying me of certain rumors from Columbus, and directing me to take measures to ascertain the facts, which I did;

