
but it will take about five days to get a return. Major-General Hurlbut also said that if the enemy appeared in a threatening attitude at Okolona or Columbus, "he must be crushed."

To-day I received information that the enemy was unquestionably at Baldwyn, reported to be 2,000 cavalry, picketing the road with great care, very sullen about giving information, and that there were more below, viz, between there and Okolona, with infantry variously estimated from a regiment and a half to eight regiments. I yesterday afternoon telegraphed these facts to the major-general commanding, and asked him if I should move the cavalry, stating that I thought it would be best to keep them near the railroad till within 25 or 30 miles of this place. This because of the greater convenience of communication, furnishing supplies, and incidental protection to the railroad; and, besides, if we attempt to concentrate at Ripley, the enemy may come upon our cavalry brigades when isolated. There will certainly be great difficulty in sending communications, and if he happens to be moving to join Bragg, we would be in a worse position to harass his rear.

I shall await an answer from the general, or further information, before moving. If the whole of the cavalry moves, I suppose I had batter take the command, as Grierson is not able to take the field, and the division and even the brigades seem to be short of competent officers to command them.

In the brigade stationed here there are but six light guns, and I cannot hear of more than twelve in the whole Cavalry Division. I purpose, if an expedition goes out, to take a 6-pounder field battery, and one or two regiments of mounted infantry to support it. It will take three days after the orders are issued to collect the force, and two days from that time to reach Baldwyn if the enemy should then be at that place.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

E. A. CARR,

Brigadier-General, Commanding.
HEADQUARTERS, Corinth, September 7, 1863.

Major-General HURLBUT:

The following dispatch is just received from Glendale:

The cavalry has come in. The messenger who came in this morning exaggerated things. They had considerable skirmishing, wounded several, took 1 prisoner; 2 wounded on our side. The rebels scattered and took to the bushes.

J. MORRILL,Lieutenant-Colonel.

Respectfully submitted.

E. A. CARR,

Brigadier-General.

HDQRS. LEFT WING, SIXTEENTH ARMY CORPS, Corinth, Miss., September 7, 1863.

Lieutenant Colonel HENRY BINMORE,

Asst. Adjt. General, 16th Army Corps, Memphis, Tenn.:

COLONEL: The fight at Jacinto did not amount to much, as I have already informed the general by telegraph. The force from Camp Davies passed through Jacinto this p.m., found some rebels who

