
had returned after the Glendale force left, routed them, and proceeded south. It consists of the Fifth Ohio Cavalry, with four 12-pounder mountain howitzers, and a company of mounted infantry to support them. The commander thinks he will be able to manage any rebel force he may meet;he is ordered to go to Guntown.

There seems to be several squads of rebels about Jacinto and Rienzi, consisting of men who have made that their beat for some time past, Inge's and Ham's battalions, and others of the same kidney. I propose to sent out o-morrow several battalions in different directions, to rout these squads and acquire information.

Colonel Hatch came up to-day, and after seeing him I am not so certain that it will be necessary for me to go with the expedition, provided it consists only of cavalry. I have no particular ambition to go, and only wish to do what will be most advantageous to the service. Should the expedition start, I would be glad for the general to say whether I should go or not.

Besides scouts from here to-morrow, I will send one from Saulsbury to Ripley. We should hear from the Guntown scout on the 10th or 11th.

I will be glad if you can send me some maps, particularly one which shall contain on a large scale the railroad and the country north and south of it; there is none such here.

I find that Colonel Hatch has fourteen light guns, and that there are twenty-four in the division.

Very respectfully,your obedient servant,

E. A. CARR,

Brigadier-General, Commanding.

MEMPHIS, TENN., September 7, 1863.

Colonel HATCH,

Germantown, Tenn.:

Cavalry fight has occurred near Jacinto. Communicate with General Carr, and if he wishes forces from La Grange to co-operate with him, you will go to La Grange and take command of cavalry to move from there. If you find it necessary for you to go to La Grange, telegraph me and I will send you a special train. Jackson is reported moving north toward Holly Springs. Send patrols in that direction.

B. H. GRIERSON,

Brigadier-General.
HEADQUARTERS DEPARTMENT OF THE CUMBERLAND, Trenton, Ga., September 7, 1863-midnight.

(Received 5 p.m., 8th.)

Major General H. W. HALLECK,General-in-Chief:

Your dispatch of yesterday received with surprise. You have been often and fully advised that the nature of the country makes it impossible for this army to prevent Johnston from combining with Bragg. When orders for an advance of this army were made, it must have been known that those two rebel forces would combine against it, and, to some extent, choose their place of fighting us.

