HEADQUARTERS DEPARTMENT OF THE CUMBERLAND, Trenton, September 7,1863-9.12 p.m.

Major-General THOMAS,

Commanding Fourteenth Army Corps:

GENERAL: The general commanding directs me to ask if you have succeeded in getting possession of Stevens' Gap; also to inform you that General Wood reports 50,000 of the enemy in and about Chattanooga.

Hazen and Wilder report a gradual evacuation of rebels from points under their observation.

I have the honor to be, general, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

J. P. DROUILLARD,

Captain and Aide-de-Camp.
HEADQUARTERS FOURTEENTH ARMY CORPS, Brown's Spring, Ga., September 7, 1863-12 m.

Major General W. S. ROSECRANS,Commanding Department of the Cumberland:

GENERAL: I have the honor to report that Baird's (First) division closed up with Negley's in the mouth of Johnson's Crook, and forward the following copy of dispatch just received from General Negley. If possible, I wish General Negley could be supplied with about $ 1,000 secret-service funds.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

GEO. H. THOMAS,

Major-General, U. S. Volunteers, Commanding.

[Inclosure.]
HDQRS. SECOND DIV., FOURTEENTH ARMY CORPS, Camp at McKaig's Springs, Ga., September 7, 1863-5 p.m.

Lieutenant Colonel GEORGE E. FLYNT,Chief of Staff, Fourteenth Army Corps:

SIR: I have just returned from the top of the mountain. Inclosed please find a sketch.* The road is very steep and rough in places. To get up our trains will be a laborious undertaking. We are improving the road as much as possible.

We gained possession of the top and cross-roads 2 miles beyond without opposition. The enemy attempted an ambuscade at the

cross-roads,but was frightened off by an effort I was making to get into his rear. A citizen living there reports that a brigade of Wharton's cavalry was there. I do not think there were more than a regiment in our front to-day, and they very timid.

I regret the want of some cavalry. The First Brigade, with two pieces of artillery, also two regiments of Second Brigade, on top of mountain. Possibly the trains of the First and Second Brigades may reach the top some time to-night.

There is one small spring on top, with several fields of corn. From the cross-roads it is about equidistant to Stevens's, Frick's,

---------------

*Not found.

---------------

