
and Cooper's Gaps. The latter is said to be the best of the three. It enters McLemore's Cove 3 miles below Stevens'. The road from Easley's Gap leads to Cooper's. I consider this a very important point, and should be seized and occupied. Will you please advise me to-night whether I am to take and occupy these gaps simultaneously or successively? or are you moving another division in the direction of Cooper's Gap? I trust to have reliable information from these gaps and McLemore's Valley early to-morrow morning. In this connection I would respectfully request that a secret-service fund of at least $1,000 be placed in the hands of my quartermaster. I am compelled to advance money for this purpose from private funds. These people are so poor and dependent that when employed upon this business (which they appear to be willing to undertake) they should be paid at once. There are several trustworthy loyalists in this vicinity.

I have established a direct line of infantry couriers from the advance on top to the foot of the mountain. Is it not possible to have a line of mounted couriers from the corps headquarters to mine? Our horses are giving out very fast.

I have the honor to remain,yours, very truly,

JAS. S. NEGLEY,

Major-General.
HEADQUARTERS DEPARTMENT OF THE CUMBERLAND, Trenton, Ga., September 7, 1863.

Major-General THOMAS,Commanding Fourteenth Army Corps:

GENERAL: The general commanding desires me to ask if you have any news? Also if you have moved your headquarters, and if so, where? A little artillery firing has been heard to-night. Have you heard it, and do you know where it is?

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

FRANK S. BOND,

Major and Aide-de-Camp.

TRENTON, September 7, 1863.

General THOMAS,

Fourteenth Army Corps:

GENERAL: General Rosecrans has been expecting Captain Gaw all day. Will you please send him down this evening with his maps of this valley?

Respectfully, your obedient servant,

WM. E. MERRILL,

Captain and Chief Engineer.
HEADQUARTERS FOURTEENTH ARMY CORPS, Brown's Spring, September 7, 1863.

Brigadier-General BAIRD,

Commanding Frist Division:

The general commanding directs that you make arrangements to leave one regiment of your command at this point (foot of the

