HDQRS. FIRST DIV., TWENTY-FIRST ARMY CORPS,Hillsborough, Tenn., August 15, 1863.

Lieutenant Colonel L. STARLING,

Assistant Adjutant-General, Twenty-first Army Corps:

SIR: I submit the following report of the condition of this division in regard to its fitness for the contemplated movement:

In conformity with General Orders, Numbers 171, from headquarters of the department, I have allotted to the regiments transportation in the proportion of one wagon for every 75 company officers and enlisted men, one wagon to the field and staff of the regiments, one to the medical department, and one to the quartermaster's department.

The above allotment of transportation leaves forty-nine wagons to be used as a division supply train. In accordance with a dispatch from department headquarters, under date of August 6, directing ten days' forage and rations to be put in the hands of the troops and packed ready for movement, I have caused the subsistence for that period to be issued to the troops, and prepared for a sudden movement; but I have been unable to obtain the prescribed amount of forage (ten days'), notwithstanding every effort has been made to do so.

I have only been able to get grain enough to issue to the brigades the full allowance for ten days for their horses and half the allowance for their mules; and I have not been able to get grain for the time prescribed for the animals attached to my headquarters.

Besides the ten days' rations placed in the hands of the troops to be prepared for a sudden movement, my commissary has remaining in store about ten days' subsistence. This amount could be about transported in the division supply train of forty-nine wagons, each wagon taking in addition grain for its own team for ten days. Of course, if the movement is delayed it will be necessary to replenish the subsistence in store to meet the current wants of the division, and at the same time keep the stock on hand up to ten days, that being, as already remarked, the measure of the capacity of the division supply train. I would be glad for this report to be transmitted to department headquarters.

I am, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

THE. J. WOOD,

Brigadier-General, U. S. Volunteers, Commanding.

CIRCULAR.] HDQRS. SECOND DIVISION, 21ST ARMY CORPS,

Manchester, August 15, 1863.

This command will be in readiness to move to-morrow morning. Surplus baggage will be sent to the depot by daybreak, and the wagons will be packed ready for moving.

By order of Major-General Palmer:

J. R. MUHLEMAN,

Captain and Assistant Adjutant-Genera.

McMINNIVILLE, August 15, 1863-7.15 a.m.

Brigadier-General GARFIELD:

A force sent to Sparta scattered the rebels for the time. As soon as our force leave they return. Should not a brigade of infantry and a detachment of cavalry be stationed there?

H. P. VAN CLEVE

Brigadier-General.

