
the Tennessee River at the mouth of the Chickamauga Creek, 9 miles north of Chattanooga, a contraband who had swan had swan the river, and made, in substance, a statements as follows: One week ago Friday, at 2 a.m., he let Mobile with his regiment, a South Carolina cavalry regiment, men and horses, on boats to Montgomery; there took cars for Chattanooga; men unloaded 12 miles out, and the soldiers said because the Yankees had fired into the cars at Chattanooga; the horses came in by rail nearer to Chattanooga. He was servant o the regimental surgeon who deserted and went to South Carolina, and, fearing bad treatment, he deserted, and, passing east of Chattanooga, swam the Tennessee. The soldiers said all the soldiers at Mobile were coming to Chattanooga, as the Yankees were coming to Mobile three to one, and it was no use to fight them there. General Johnston was on the train just ahead of him, and they all said that all of Johnston's men were going to help Bragg, and that Bragg had an army of 60,000 men.

The negro is quite intelligent and apparently truthful, and is now a servant for Lieutenant Lewis of my regiment.

At Jasper on last Saturday night a deserter came into my camp; said he lived in Williamson County, Tenn.,and had been clerking in quartermaster's department in camp, south of Chattanooga a couple of miles; that Johnston had re-enforced Bragg, and that they all said Bragg had 60,000 fighting men, and they were bound to fight it out at Chattanooga.

Most respectfully,your obedient servant,

SMITH D. ATKINS,

Colonel Ninety-second Illinois Volunteers.
HEADQUARTERS DEPARTMENT OF THE CUMBERLAND, Trenton, Ga., September 7, 1863-8.45 p.m.

Major General A. McD. McCOOK:

The general commanding directs you to send one brigade, or such force as may be necessary to hold the mountain pass, to cover the movements of General Stanley, who has been ordered to cut the enemy's railroad communication between Chattanooga and Atlanta. He also directs you to send two brigades, with three days' rations, to Alpine to support General Stanlelly and cover his return. Send them immediately on the receipt of this order, with direction to accomplish all the incidental objects of military value to us that they can consistently with the main purpose of the movement; they will return as early as the fourth day. General Wood reports the enemy in force,50,000, at Chattanooga.

Very respectfully,J. A. GARFIELD,

Brigadier-General. Chief of Staff.

HEADQUARTERS TWENTIETH ARMY CORPS, Near Winston's, September 7, 1863.

GENERAL: General Sheridan is encamped at the Narrows, on the Trenton road about 14 miles from here. General Stanley starts early to-morrow. From all we can learn it seems quite likely that

