HEADQUARTERS DEPARTMENT OF THE CUMBERLAND, Trenton, Ga., September 7, 1863-3.15 a.m.

Major General T. L. CRITTENDEN,Commanding Twenty-first Army Corps:

The general commanding directs me to acknowledge the receipt of two communications from General Wood forwarded at 11.15 p.m yesterday, indorsed by Captain P. P. Oldershaw, assistant, adjutant-general, and also of a letter from Captain John J. McCook, inclosing a cipher dispatch for Washington directed to telegraph operator, and saying that you would wait further advices before ordering General Wood to advance.

The general commanding directs that your order General Wood to make a reconnaissance in force. as was intended by the order sent through General Garfield. He also directs me to say that all communications for him from your headquarters must be signed by the general commanding the corps. He also says that Captain Van Duzer reports the telegraph line working to Whiteside's.

Very respectfully,your obedient servant,

F. S. BOND,

Major and Aide-de-Camp.
HEADQUARTERS TWENTY-FIRST ARMY CORPS, September 7, 1863-9.15 a.m.

Brigadier General J. A. GARFIELD,Chief of Staff, Trenton:

SIR: I have the honor to acknowledge receipt of your dispatch of this 3.15 a.m. to hand at 5 a.m. I immediately forwarded instructions to General Wood to make the reconnaissance as ordered. In the matter of the indorsement made and signed by Captain P. P. Olershaw,assistant adjutant-general, on General Woods' dispatch, and the letter written and signed by Captain John McCook, I acknowledge the correctness of the reproof, and it shall not occur again, be I well or ill, sleepy or wide awake, in or out of bed.

I am, sir, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

T. L. CRITTENDEDN,

Major-General, Commanding.
HEADQUARTERS TWENTY-FIRST ARMY CORPS, September 7, 1863-2 p.m.

Brigadier-General GARFIELD,

Chief of Staff, Trenton:

SIR: I have the honor to forward you the following communication just received from Brigadier-General Wood. He is evidently opposed to what he terms a "blind obedience to orders," although he is well aware by the language employed to him in ordering the reconnaissance to-day (to the spur of the mountain) it indicated that the order was confirmed by the general commanding the army after he was in possession of General Wood's two communications of last evening, dated 7 and 8.30 p.m., respectively. He perhaps may question my judgment of the practicability of making such movements, but when is informed that it is approved, if it does not

