
SIGNAL STATION, Bob White's, September 7, 1863.

Captain H. C. TINNEY,

Assistant Adjutant-General,&amp;c.:

SIR: A Mr. Anderson, scout connected with Bob White's	party, reports to me this a.m. that on yesterday he was at Kelley's Ferry; that a party (probably 300 or 400) rebel cavalry are there. They came there Sunday night; are parts of four different regiments. Lieutenant James, assistant quartermaster First East Tennessee Cavalry, says that parties can cross at the Pot, some 2 or 3 miles below this point; that there is some rebel infantry on the other side of the river. This station has a guard of 25 men for signal station and telegraph office, 1 mile apart. The telegraph operators, teamsters, &c., are unarmed. The general will know the situation, and he has the entire facts. I shall rely on his judgment or patrols for the safety of the station. Lieutenant James says that a party stationed at Brown's on the river, would be of service. I am so far away from General Thomas' troops, except Colonel Wilder's brigade, that I can get no re-enforcements from them. If they should be needed to patrol the country or guard the ferry or station, they will have to come from the command on this side the river.

I have the honor to be, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

H. C. JONES,

Captain and Acting Signal Officer.

Your message this a.m. forwarded.
HEADQUARTERS FIRST DIVISION, September 7, 1863-2 p.m.

Brigadier General J. A. GARFIELD, Chief of Staff:

GENERAL: S. H. Savage, Fourth Georgia Cavalry, prisoner, makes the following statements:

He estimates the whole force (from the reports among the soldiers) at 10,000 cavalry and infantry. They have 30,000 cavalry. Rations are being accumulated at foot of Missionary Mountain. They were moved there when the first demonstration was made on Chattanooga. The cavalry force is stretched along Lookout Mountain. At the foot of Lookout Mountain, at the Tennessee River, is a division of infantry and heavy pieces of artillery. Bragg issued an order that was read to Savage's brigade, telling them to hold in readiness for a desperate conflict, and that he (Bragg) intended to give them all the fighting they wanted. Johnston's forces, 20,000, are at Chattanooga. He reports some firing at Chattanooga to-day. I suppose this to be from Wagner, as I sent to him last night to make a demonstration on Point Lookout to day, to annoy them while my reconnaissance was going on.

Prisoners have never been sent farther from Chattanooga than Missionary Mountain, and supplies have been coming on the Atlanta railroad all the time, and are now.

Respectfully,&c.,TH. J. WOOD,

Brigadier-General, Commanding.

P. S. - What is Grant's grand army doing that Johnston can uninterruptedly bring his forces to Chattanooga? Surely this is the

