
 XLII.
WINCHESTER, TENN., August 15, 1863.

Brigadier-General VAN CLEVE,

McMinnville:

The general commanding directs that you hold two brigades of your division and all but one battalion of your cavalry ready to move to-morrow by way of Spencer and Pikeville. You will take ten days' rations and not less than five days' forage. The other brigade and a battalion of cavalry will remain at McMinnville. Two battalions of cavalry will move with the infantry column; the main body, reconnoitering up Caney Fork through Hickory Valley and Sparta, will move on Pikeville. Further instructions will be sent you in time.

FRANK S. BOND,

Major and Aide-de-Camp.

(Copy to General Crittenden.)

MANCHESTER, August 15, 1863-8.45 p.m.

FRANK S. BOND,

Aide-de-Camp:

Your copy of dispatch to General Van Cleve ordering two brigades, &amp;c., to be ready to move in the morning, and your dispatch to me ordering the corps to be ready to move in the morning, are received. I await detailed orders by train.

T. L. CRITTENDEN,

Major-General, Commanding Twenty-first Army Corps.
HEADQUARTERS CHIEF OF CAVALRY, DEPARTMENT OF THE CUMBERLAND,Winchester, Tenn., August 15, 1863.

Lieutenant Colonel C. GODDARD,

Assistant Adjutant-General:

COLONEL: In compliance with circular of yesterday, August 14, relating to the supply of rations and forage on hand in this command, I have the honor to report as follows:

Colonel McCook, commanding First Division Cavalry, marched from Fayetteville, August 11, with nine days' rations and all the forage he could carry. The exact quantity is not known, as some of the forage sent him via railroad was brought back, he not having room to carry it. The First Brigade of the Second Division, stationed at McMinnille, has on hand ten days' rations and two days' forage. A train of forage was expected there to-day. Colonel Minty will telegraph to me on its arrival. The Second Brigade of the Second Division, in camp at Winchester, has six days' rations and five days' forage.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

D. S. STANLEY,

Major-General and Chief of Cavalry.

