
to move because of any change in my opinion as to the actual danger of General Wood's command.

General Wood has at great length vindicated himself from charges which I claim never to have made, and very imperfectly, in my judgment, attempts to refute the only charge I did make.

I desire to do General Wood no injustice, and I cheerfully submit my conduct in this matter to the commanding general to whom he appeals.

T. L. CRITTENDEN,

Major-General, Commanding.

SEPTEMBER 7, 1863-7.10 p.m.

Captain OLDERSHAW,

Assistant-Adjutant-General, Twenty-first Corps:

CAPTAIN: Colonel Harker has just got in with his command. He reports that he drove in the enemy's mounted men and infantry skirmishers for some 2 miles, and compelled them to reform on their regiments. He says he got so near the skirmishers that he could distinctly hear the officers in command of them exhorting them to stand firm and be true to their country, and when the skirmishers broke he heard the command to fall back on their regiments. Colonel Harker estimates that he pushed his command to within 1,100 yards of the batteries that opened on him. He says the batteries from which the guns opened on him seemed to be about 200 yards apart. He accounts for the small number of casualties by the fact of his getting his command promptly secured by the inequality of the ground. Having called a fire from their batteries, Colonel Harker promptly decided to return with his command; the light field artillery he had with him could be of no avail. He brought with him 2 deserters and 1 prisoner.

Respectfully,

TH. J. WOOD,

Brigadier-General, Commanding.

HEADQUARTERS SECOND BRIGADE, September 7, 1863-6 a.m.

General WOOD:

On the reception of your note I immediately ordered a section of artillery and three regiments to the river in front of Chattanooga, and will keep a lookout for you. My forces are at William's Island, and we can communicate across there. Our signal station 2 miles from Chattanooga. The best chance for you to make a station would be on Raccoon Mountain.

There was no news yesterday. Only one brigade in Lookout Valley, supported by another at the front of Lookout Mountain; but yesterday evening a division came down the river to Chattanooga. They may be going to meet you, or may be going in the direction of La Fayette.

If we could communicate across Williams' Island it would be well. The river is fordable from your side to the island, and I have

