HEADQUARTERS, ETC., Poe's, September 7, 1863-9 p.m.

General GEORGE D. WAGNER, Comdg. U. S. Forces,&amp;c.:

I herewith forward inclosure from Colonel Minty and a brigade commander of General Burnside's, from which it would appear that there was no enemy near them. Colonel Funkhouser also reports that he has had men across the river at Igou's and below, and that there has been no enemy there or at Harrison to-day. The letter from Colonel Minty, marked B,is this moment received, which would indicate that there are forces still above us. I had directed Colonel Minty (to save time) to cross early to-morrow morning at the mouth of Sale Creek, and cautiously move down on the other side to Harrison, but since receiving the letter have added that he will be governed by his further information, and if his information proves true it would not be safe to move down yet. Your note, inclosing Wood's did not reach me till late, as I was at the mouth of the Chickamauga, boat building;but the regiment and section of artillery are near their destination, as you suggested, by this time. My boat, large enough to cross half a regiment at a time, will be finished by to-morrow evening. My notion was, for Minty to down to Harrison to-morrow, while we could be ready to cross at the mouth of the Chickamauga to-morrow night or next morning, but the information in his last note would appear to make it necessary for him to remain to watch that force of the enemy's cavalry.

I am,very respectfully,W. B. HAZEN,

Brigadier-General.

[Inclosure No. 1.]
HDQRS. FIRST BRIGADE, SECOND CAVALRY DIVISION, Sale Creek Camp Ground, September 7, 1863.

Lieutenant-Colonel KIMBERLY, A. A. A. G., Left Flank:

SIR: Inclosed herewith I hand you copy of a communication received from Colonel Byrd, commanding First Brigade, Fourth Division, Twenty-third Army Corps, stationed near Kingston. I agree with Colonel Byrd with regard to there being no enemy in his front, i.e.,within striking distance. The whole of the enemy's force fell back two days ago to south of the Hiwassee, and the day before yesterday Bushord Johnson's brigade, which forms the rear of Buckner's corps, moved from the Hiwassee to Georgetown. The bridge at Loudon was destroyed by the enemy. General Burnside's headquarters are at Knoxville. I believe the railroad bridge over the Hiwassee has been destroyed, but cannot say positively. I am now picketing below:Thatcher's Ferry, Cross' Ford Sale Creek Ford, a ford or ferry 2 miles above, Doughty's Ferry, Blythe's Ferry, and the upper or Bell's Ferry. I do not think that Forrest has any intention of crossing the river. If he had any intention of making a raid toward McMinnville he would have done so while the fords near Piney Creek were in his hands, and before Burnside's cavalry arrived at Kingston. I have about 30 prisoners. Can you dispose of them, or shall I parole them?

I am, respectfully, your obedient servant,R. H. G. NINTY,

Colonel, Commanding.

