
morrow; if by using the artillery I can cross, I shall do it. General Reynolds is reported by courier from General Wood to be at Trenton. Appearances indicate about a division at Chattanooga with plenty of artillery. Forrest is reported to have gone below. We will have communication with General Wood, by way of Williams' Island, to-morrow.

Very truly,yours.

J. T. WILDER,

Colonel, Commanding Brigade.
HDQRS. THIRD DIVISION, TWENTY-FIRST ARMY CORPS, Camp, Murphy's, Ga., September 7, 1863-11.15 a.m.

Captain P. P. OLDERSHAW,Assistant Adjutant-General, Twenty-first Army Corps;

Colonel Dick is on his way. Captain Heany left him on the route and reported that he would be in Dunlap on the evening of the 5th. I sent orders to Jasper for him to march by way of Bridgeport. He should reach this point on the evening of the 9th.

Respectfully,

H. P. VAN CLEVE,

Brigadier-General, Commanding Third Division.
HDQRS. THIRD DIVISION, TWENTY-FIRST ARMY CORPS, In Bivouac, Georgia,September 7, 1863.

Colonel S. W. PRICE,

Commanding at Whiteside's:

COLONEL: The following has just been received from corps headquarters:

The regiment at Whiteside's must remain, but under an efficient, who will watch, regularly, the road from that point to Chattanooga and prevent, if possible, any cavalry raid down the road, as General Wood is not now on it. Should the officer in command be attacked, without reasonable expectation of being able to hold his position, he will fall back on this road, i.e., the one taken by Van Cleve and Palmer, and immediately communicate with you.

The general directs that you take measures to carry the above into effect. Headquarters will probably be 2 miles to the front form here, to-morrow night. Send forward promptly any information you may receive of the movements of the enemy above you. As above directed, you will exercise unusual vigilance to cover our rear.

I am, respectfully, your obedient servant,

E. A. OTIS,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

TRENTON, GA., September 7, 1863-1 p.m.

Lieutenant Colonel J. H. BRIGHAM,

Sixty-ninth Ohio, Cowan:

March with your regiment at once by the best and shortest route to Bridgeport, and from thence to your division. Report to and take orders from Major General Gordeon Granger, at Bridgeport.

By order of Major-General Rosecrans:

C. GODDARS,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

