HEADQUARTERS U. S. FORCES, Poe's Tavern, September 7, 1863-8 p.m.

Colonel R. H. G. MINTY,Commanding First Brigade, Second Cavalry Division:

The river is clear of the enemy to-day ad far down as below Harrison. I think there is nothing at all behind. Be pleased to move early in the morning to Sale Creek Ford (said to be the shallowest between Chattanooga and Kingston), and, if possible, make a crossing there with your entire command, after leaving a sufficient guard for your train, and move cautiously down, always keeping the country so thoroughly patrolled in your front and flank opposite the river as to avoid all danger. On arriving at Harrison, communicate with. me If at any time, in moving down, you have sufficient reason therefor, recross the river. I am of the opinion that there are several fords between Sale Creek and Harrison practicable for cavalry. If you find no practicable ford, move down on this side to Soddy Creek and report, keeping your train with you. If you cross, direct your train to move down to the Chickamauga Creek. Keep me advised of all you do.

Very respectfully,

W. B. HAZEN,

Brigadier-General.

P. S. - Your note of 3 p.m. of this date is just received. You will now be guided by this letter, together with the further information you have received. If your information is reliable, it would not be safe to come down just now. Whatever you do, let me know.

W. B. H.
HDQRS. FIRST BRIGADE, SECOND CAVALRY DIVISION, Sale Creek Camp Ground, September 7, 1863.

Lieutenant-Colonel GODDARD,Assistant Adjutant-General, Dept. of the Cumberland:

SIR: In accordance with orders received from Brigadier-General Hazen, I moved from Smith's Cross-Roads to this place yesterday. General Burnside has established his headquarters at Knoxville. Loudon has been taken possession of by General Burnside's forces

- after the bridge was destroyed by the enemy. Colonel Byrd, commanding First Brigade, Fourth Division, Twenty-third Army Corps, has been ordered from Kingston to Athens, and inform me that he was to march at 8 o'clock yesterday a.m. General Bushrod Johnson's brigade, being the rear of Buckner's corps, marched from the Hiwassee River to Georgetown on the 5th instant. I have been informed that the enemy had destroyed the railroad bridge at Charleston. I have sent a man to inquire into the truth of the report.

I am, respectfully, your obedient servant,

R. H. G. MINTY,

Colonel, Commanding.
HEADQUARTERS ARMY OF THE OHIO, Knoxville, Tenn., September 7, 1863-6 a.m.

Captain R. S. THOMS,

Aide-de-Camp for Major-General Rosecrans:

Our cavalry now joins on your left. We have full possession of East Tennessee except Cumberland gap, which is still held by the

28 R R-VOL XXX, PT III

