
enemy. I have a force moving against it from the Kentucky side, and I move from here at once in person with a force to attack it form this side. Will telegraph you from the gap, I hope. General Hartsuff remains at Knoxville.

E. A. BURNSIDE,

Major-General.

LOUISVILLE, KY., September 7, 1863.

Brigadier-General POTTER:

I trust it was only a battalion of the Seventy-first your ordered to report to General Fry. It is all important to leave the other two battalions at Mount Sterling. Have you any news from Burnside?

J. T. BOYLE,

Brigadier-General.

CRAB ORCHARD, KY., September 7, 1863.

Lieutenant-Colonel BOWEN,

Assistant Adjutant-General:

The following dispatch has just been received:

I am moving to make the gap to-morrow morning. Shove on all my ammunition and subsistence trains. We are on our last rations of bread this morning, and I am sorely in need of ammunition. If when they get here they cannot carry over the mountains, let them unload one-third of it and come forward with remainder.

JOHN F. DE COURCY,

Colonel, Commanding Brigade.

Fifty wagon loads of subsistence stores will arrive here to-night. Shall I sent them right forward? No other wagons can be spared from here. Please answer.

E. FERRERO,

Brigadier-General, Commanding.

LOUISVILLE, September 7, 1863.

Brigadier-General POTTER:

You want the Twenty-first Massachusetts, Forty-eighth Pennsylvania, and Second Maryland, in place of which you will leave Sixth New Hampshire, Ninth New Hampshire, Seventh Rhode Island, and Fifty-first New York. I have ordered the regiments to report to you and prepare for marching orders as soon as relived by the other regiments. I wish you to order regiment in place of Forty-eighth Pennsylvania and Second Maryland; place one at Lexington and

Fifty-first New York at Camp Nelson to relieve Twenty-first Massachusetts. If it is necessary for me to come to Lexington, and I can aid you thereby in any way, I will do so.

J. T. BOYLE,

Brigadier-General.

BARBOURSVILLE, September 7, 1863.

General PARKE:

From Laurel Bridge, 6 miles south of London, I moved on to Flat Lick by three routes, one column taking direct route to Barbours-

