HEADQUARTERS TWENTY-THIRD ARMY CORPS, Knoxville, Tenn., September 7, 1863.

Major W. D. HAMILTON,Comdg. Battalion Ninth Ohio Volunteer Cavalry:

SIR: Upon being relieved by 200 men from Wolfrod's brigade, you will come at once to Knoxville and report to Colonel Foster, whose headquarters are over Tennessee Bank. You are not to lose any time in reporting here, as it is necessary that you come at once.

By order of Major-General Hartsuff:

GEORGE B. DRAKE,

Assistant Adjutant-General.
HEADQUARTERS TWENTY-THIRD ARMY CORPS, Knoxville, Tenn., September 7, 1863-9.20 p.m.

Colonel F. W. GRAHAM,Beyond Sevierville:

The general commanding the corps desires me to say that if you have a clear or fair prospect of coming up with the force you are pursuing very soon, and a good prospect of success after having overtaken it, you can keep on and do your best to capture and break up the band; but if there be a prospect of a long march, or any contingency of not overtaking him at all - in short, if you cannot catch up with him in two or three days, and capture or disperse the entire command - you will return to Sevierville. Colonel Crittenden has been ordered there with his regiment. You will proceed to Greeneville without awaiting at Sevierville the arrival of Colonel Crittenden, but you will leave all the information you have for him as far as relates to position of the enemy, and the condition and quantity of the country in regard to forage and subsistence. You will be met at Greeneville by Colonel Foster, your brigade commander, or will instruction left by him. In case you receive no further instructions, move on to Jonesborough and communicate with these headquarters. Your courier line will be taken up by Colonel Crittenden, of the Twelfth Kentucky Cavalry.

I am, colonel, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

GEO. B. DRAKE,

Assistant Adjutant-General.
HEADQUARTERS TWENTY-THIRD ARMY CORPS, Knoxville, Tenn., September 7, 1863.

Colonel FRANK WOLFROD,

Commanding Independent Cavalry Brigade:

The general directs that your order Colonel Crittenden, with his regiment, the Twelfth Kentucky Cavalry, to Sevierville, Tenn., to start to-morrow morning. His instructions will be to proceed to the place above stated, taking up on the road the courier post of Colonel Graham, replacing them by detail from his command. After his arrival at Sevierville he will send the couriers so taken up to Colonel Graham, who will either be at Sevierville or Greeneville. Colonel Graham has been ordered to leave full information for Colonel Crittenden, at Sevierville, of the enemy and the condition and quantity of

