HEADQUARTERS FOURTH INDIANA CAVALRY, August 15, 1863.

[Colonel E. M. McCOOK:]

COLONEL: I write you for instructions concerning some Confederate soldiers that have sent me word that they wish to come in and take the oath. I can't find them, and wish to know if I shall answer them in the affirmative or not. There are also 3 sick Confederate soldiers near here, that my scouts have found, that are too sick to move. These I have paroled, and will require them to report as soon as they are able.

I sent a scout to Vienne, 10 miles on the Deposit road. Captured 7 Confederate soldiers, when they moved on toward Deposit, and 2 miles from Vienna they drove in the rebel pickets after an exchange of a few shots. They returned, it being late and the officer not thinking his force sufficient to go farther.

I am satisfied there is no force on this side, and think these pickets were to cover a thieving party. I will send a battalion in that [direction] to-morrow.

You will confer a favor by sending a late paper.

I am, colonel, your obedient servant,JOHN A. PLATTER,

Colonel Fourth Indiana Cavalry.

P. S.-Shall I retain the prisoners or send them through to you?

McMINNVILLE, August 15, 1863-8.45 p.m.

Major SINCLAIR,

Assistant Adjutant-General:

General Van Cleve has received orders to be ready to move to-morrow morning, including cavalry. I have only one day's forage on hand. Can't Galbraith's men come here instead of leaving a battalion from my brigade? What shall I do with my dismounted men?

ROBT. H. G. MINTY,

Colonel.

CINCINNATI, August 15, 1863.

Lieutenant D. S. TOMPKINS,

Cairo, Ill.:

General Burnside wants all the troops forwarded to Cincinnati, Potter's division included.

JNumbers H. COALE,

Lieutenant-Colonel and Acting Aide-de-Camp.

CINCINNATI, August 15, 1863.

Brigadier-General WILLCOX,

Comdg. Dist. of Indiana and Michigan, Indianapolis, Ind.:

Please order the Michigan Sharpshooters to at once proceed to Camp Douglas, Ill., and to report to Brigadier-General Ammen for transporting duty.

By command of Major-General Burnside:

W. P. ANDERSON,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

