
BRIDGEPORT, September 8, 1863.

Major-General ROSECRANS:

I learn that the regiment at this post leaves in the morning. It will be very hazardous operating the coal mines without a small force here to guard the trestle and coal bank. Ten men could, in twenty hours, destroy the mines. Employees dare not remain here. Colonel Carlton thinks it very unsafe without some protection. Please advise if a small force cannot remain here.

F. HOWARD.

TRENTON, GA., September 8, 1863.

COMMANDING OFFICER,

Cowan Station:

The general commanding directs that you send a guard of one company (say 40 men) to protect the miners at work at Tracy City.

FRANK S. BOND.

Major and Aide-de-Camp.
HEADQUARTERS DEPARTMENT OF THE CUMBERLAND, Trenton, Ga., September 8, 1863.

Major-General THOMAS,Fourteenth Army Corps:

GENERAL: The general commanding directs me to say that one of our most reliable scouts just in confirms the reports that the enemy are retreating. General Crittenden has been ordered to send two strong reconnoitering parties on Lookout Mountain to-morrow, and he directs that you send the Ninety-second Regiment Illinois mounted Infantry along the ridge road to communicate with the commanding officer of General Crittenden's troops. You can support this regiment with infantry if you think best. The general commanding directs that General Brannan's command be held in readiness to support General Crittenden should it be necessary.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

FRANK S. BOND,

Major and Aide-de-Camp.

HEADQUARTERS FOURTEENTH ARMY CORPS, Brown's Spring, Ga., September 8, 1863-8.30 p.m.

GENERAL: I have the honor to report the position of my corps for

to-day as follows, viz: Baird's (First) division remained in its camp of yesterday at the junction of Hurricane and Lookout Mountain at the head of Johnson's Crook; one brigade occupying the pass; another brigade was sent forward and seized Cooper's Gap, sending one regiment to the foot of the gap to occupy and hold it. One regiment also sent forward to seize Steven's Gap, which was very heavily obstructed with fallen tress. The advance brigade encountered the enemy in the mountain, but they fled. Brannan's (Third) division occupies the same position as last night. Reynolds' (Fourth) division headquarters at Trenton. One brigade at Playne's Mill, 3 miles

