
south of Trenton. Headquarters of the corps still at Brown's Spring.

I shall move my headquarters to-morrow to Easly's, 7 miles

south-southwest from Trenton, on the Lebanon road. The northern point of Fox Mountain, about 1 1/2 miles south of Easley's, is a fine position for a signal station, from which a station on the top of the pass at the head of Johnson's Crook can be distinctly seen, bearing eastnortheast, and the station at headquarters bearing north-northeast. I have also the honor to inclose copies of reports from First and Second Divisions,&amp;c.

Very respectfully,your obedient servant,

GEO. H. THOMAS,

Major-General, U. S. Volunteers, Commanding.

[Inclosure No. 1.]
HDQRS. FIRST DIV., FOURTEENTH ARMY CORPS, Camp on Lookout Creek near Mouth of Hurricane Creek, September 8, 1863.

Lieutenant Colonel GEORGE E. FLYNT,Assistant Adjutant-General:

I reached the camp of my troops about 10 o'clock last night, having occupied the entire day in coming from Lively's Creek, but should not have been so long on the road but for detention caused by trains of other commands cutting into mine. My supply train did not get here until this morning, but now I believe all is up except the beef-cattle and perhaps there or four wagons which have to be repaired.

General Negley had moved up to the foot of the mountain at the extremity of Johnson's Crook before my arrival; his trains were moving out of the camp when mine came in. The point he moved to was immediately at the foot of the mountain, about 4 miles from here. I went to the place this morning to see him, but found that he was already gone upon his way over the mountain. His troops began to move at 2 o'clock a.m., but artillery and wagons are now upon ascent, and I think will not all get up before night. I rode quite up to the commencement of the difficult portion and found it much worse than the road from Moore's Spring up; perhaps not so long, but rough, stony, and ascending in steep zigzags. The road to Lee's Mill at this foot is quite good, but would be difficult to pass in the night. The point occupied by General Negley last night at Lee's Mill is at the spring which gives rise to Hurricane Creek. It is a fine spring, but the ground about is limited. Stock could water below in the stream, although it is not large. Forage in the neighborhood is scarce, the poor corn-fields having been well gleaned. When you wish me to cross I think it would be well to move up one brigade with half my train in allowance and let the remainder rest here; while the first half is crossing, the second could be moving up to take its place. If you wish me to cross

to-morrow, I think it would be well to move up the brigade this evening. In the mean time I will await your orders at this place, as directed in the instructions I received from you yesterday. The point requesting me to join Negely here I could not comply with, as he had gone before my arrival. I have been fortunate thus far in meeting with few accidents.

Most respectfully,your obedient servant,

A. BAIRD,

Brigadier-General, Commanding.

