
black mule with a white spot on the left side of its neck, answering exactly to the description given yesterday to General Thomas by a woman who said she had lost one. The negro said he was a servant of Lieutenant Moody, of General Negley's staff. He said that he had found the mule in the road away back near the river at Bridgeport, and thought there was no harm in his taking him. I am satisfied it was the mule described by the woman (certainly it was stolen from some one). I did not arrest the boy, not wishing to interfere with the command of another officer and having enough thieves of my own.

Most respectfully,&amp;c.,

A. BAIRD,

Brigadier-General, Commanding Division.
HEADQUARTERS FOURTEENTH ARMY CORPS, Brown's Spring, Ga., September 8, 1863.

Brigadier General A. BAIRS,Commanding First Division:

Corps headquarters will move to Easley's to-morrow. Nothing new or important.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

GEO. E. FLYNT,

Assistant Adjutant-General and Chief of Staff.

ORDERS.] HDQRS. FIRST DIV., FOURTEENTH ARMY CORPS, Johnson's Crook, Ga., September 8, 1863.

My attention has been called by General Thomas to the frequent irregularities committed by our men in taking the hogs, cattle, potatoes, and other property of citizens along our line of march. I have also had numerous complaints from the sufferers themselves. These practices must, if possible, be repressed, and it is in the power of regimental officers and non-commissioned officers to do so. If they neglect this important duty, they should be made to feel its consequences, and in every instance of outrage of this kind, when the individual delinquent cannot be ascertained, but the act can be traced to a company, the pay of that company, both of officers and men, will be withheld until satisfaction is rendered to the party injured. If it can only be traced to a regiment, the paymaster will in like manner be ordered to withhold payment from that regiment. I have already tried this with success.

There is another matter requiring the immediate attention of officers of all grades. We are directed to forage our animals upon the country through which we pass. Quartermasters and others having animals in their charge are instructed as to the manner in which it should be done. The forage is obtained, and yet there are few instances in which quartermasters will acknowledge that the commands to which they belong have taken corn from the fields consumed in the immediate vicinity of their camps. It is no hardship for men when permitted to take corn from the fields to be required to tell where they got it in order that it may be accounted for by the officer required to do so, and this must be done. You will,

