
CAMP NELSON, August 15, 1863.

Major-General PARKE:

The general wishes to see you particularly. Please come down on the 2 o'clock train, and and ambulance will meet you at the depot in Nicholasville. It will not be necessary for the staff to accompany you enlist you wish it. General Potter's division is to go through Cincinnati. The news of the death of General Welsh was received here with the greatest regret as a severe loss to the cause.

LEWIS RICHMOND,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

GENERAL FIELD ORDERS, HDQRS ARMY OF THE OHIO,

Numbers 4. In the Field, Camp Nelson, Ky.,

August 15, 1863.

This department has received with the deepest regret the intelligence of the death of Brigadier-General Welsh, commanding First Division, Ninth Army Corps. This sad event closes a life marked by the purest patriotism, and deprives the army of the services and example of a brave and efficient officer, whose sole aim in his military history was his country's good.

The colors of the Ninth Army Corps will be draped in mourning and the officers at general headquarters and of the Ninth Army Corps will wear the customary badge for thirty days.

By command of Major-General Burnside:

LEWIS RICHMOND,

Assistant Adjutant-General.
HEADQUARTERS U. S. FORCES,Fort Donelson, Tenn., August 15, 1863.

Colonel S. D. BRUCE,

Comdg. First Brigade, Third Division, Clarksville, Tenn.:

The scout I sent out yesterday have orders to scour the country south, and I presume they will go to Waverly or beyond. I learn that the different bands up there propose to unite and form a battalion, to be commanded by one Phillips, expecting to receive large accessions from the deserters in that region upon the promise that joining this gang will save them from any trouble on account of their being deserters. They were to meet at Waverly next Monday to organize. If Captain Randall, commanding my mounted infantry, hears of this, he will no doubt be there to participate in the exercises.

I think that frequent and vigorous demonstrations on these gangs will deter others from joining them.

Captain Randall scouted within 6 miles of Waverly last Sunday with 70 men. He was fired on several times, but had no casualties. He drove them so closely that he got a few of their horses and some of their arms, and learns that he wounded 2 or 3 of them severely.

I am much pleased with the manner in which these mounted men are performing their duty. They answer all the purposes of cavalry and are much more orderly.

I hope the expedition you sent up Yellow Creek will join Captain

