
reached us from the river from several points that the enemy were crossing in force to attack us, and since then they have not been down in the valley. Our command stands removed from their headquarters transportation as follows: Eighteenth Battery and Seventy-second Indiana, 3 miles; Seventeenth Indiana and One hundred and twenty-third Illinois, 7 miles; Ninety-eighth Illinois, 18 miles; the Ninety-second Illinois is at General Thomas' headquarters, and have their trains with them. I suppose they must be 75 or 100 miles from here. In view of this state of things, I submit, major, that it is not impossibility for me to make reports. Colonel Wilder says it is not safe for us to have any of our transportation down the mountain at all, only one or two wagons for the use of brigade headquarters. All our caissons are on the mountain. I received a letter from home. All right. I am more than anxious to see you. Hope I shall before long. Away from division headquarters I feel like I was away from hone. Remember me to General Reynolds and staff.

I am, major, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

ALEX. A. RICE,

Captain and Assistant Adjutant-General.

[Indorsement.]

Forwarded for information of Colonel Flynt, assistant

adjutant-general.

J. LEVERING,

Assistant Adjutant-General.
HEADQUARTERS DEPARTMENT OF THE CUMBERLAND, Trenton, Ga., September 8, 1863-11 p.m.

Major-General McCOOK, Comdg. Twentieth Army Corps:

From all the evidence before us it appears that the enemy is evacuating Chattanooga and moving south; a part of his force has already reached the northern spur of Missionary Ridge. We must know as speedily as possible what route he is taking. To effect this purpose the general commanding directs you to send one brigade of infantry to support one brigade of calvary which is ordered to go out on the route taken by General Crook till it reaches the Chattanooga road, and move thence northward as far as the southern spur of Missionary Ridge, and, by a thorough reconnaissance, ascertaining the where bouts and direction of the enemy. In view of the delay in the expedition which the calvary was ordered to make, the order directing it is revoked, and the consequent modifications are made in the order you received to support the cavalry movement.

In addition to the above you will send one brigade to support a brigade of cavalry which is ordered to move on Alpine and reconnoiter the Broomtown Valley to Alpine, and from there as far toward Summerville as may be safe and useful. Your infantry support need not proceed farther than the foot of the mountain toward Alpine. A thorough reconnaissance must be made and the movements of the enemy ascertained, and no time must be lost in making it. The general in your front in force, and look well to the roads leading southward on the mountain.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,J. A. GARFIELD,

Brigadier-General and Chief of Staff.

