HEADQUARTERS TWENTIETH ARMY CORPS, 3 Miles north of Winston's, on Trenton Road, September 8, 1863- 8 p.m.

Major General P. H. SHERIDAN,Commanding Third Division:

GENERAL: The general directs me to say to you that our headquarters were moved to this place in order to place them in a more central position. We can now communicate with you more readily.

Eight deserters, from the Fourth Georgia Cavalry, came into our lines to-day, having left Wharton's division last night, near Alpine.

General Stanley starts in the morning with about two-third of his effective force. He expects to meet Wheeler's force the first or second day, and thinks they will probably fight him. We send two brigades to Alpine and a third on the mountain for the purpose of protecting their rear (all of First Division). They will be gone four days for the purpose of supporting Stanley and covering his return.

Your brother got here all safely this evening, and we have persuaded him to stay all night with us. You may expect him back in the morning. I presume we are now about 8 miles from you.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

G. P. THRUSTON,

Assistant Adjutant-General and Chief of Staff.
HEADQUARTERS DEPARTMENT OF THE CUMBERLAND, Trenton, September 8, 1863 -1.15 p.m.

Major-General CRITTENDEN,Commanding Twenty-first Army Corps;

The general commanding learns from Captain Case, of the signal corps, that the rebels have a signal station on Raccoon Mountain, and are signaling over General Wood's head from there to Lookout Mountain. He directs you to order General Wood to examine this matter, and if such a station is located on Raccoon Mountain to capture the party as soon as possible. He desires him also to send a small scouting party to ascertain whether there be any indications of the enemy at Kelley's Ferry. We have not yet received any more define report from Colonel Harker's reconnaissance.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

J. A. GARFIELD,

Brigadier-General and Chief of Staff.
HEADQUARTERS DEPARTMENT OF THE CUMBERLAND, Trenton, Ga., September 8, 1863- 2 p.m.

Major-General CRITTENDEN,

Commanding Twenty-first Army Corps:

The general commanding has just learned from General Brannan that Lieutenant-Colonel Evans, of the Twenty-first Kentucky,reports General Wagner short of ammunition. We have not had intelligence of this before and hardly think it can be true. The general commanding wishes you to take means at once to find the truth in

