
the case. He also desires you to ascertain whether our communications are perfect with Whiteside's, Shellmound, and Bridgeport. He can learn nothing about the state of our telegraph line.

Very respectfully,your obedient servant,

J. A. GARFIELD,

Brigadier-General and Chief of Staff.
HEADQUARTERS FIRST DIVISION, September 8, 1863-9 a.m.

General J. A. GARFIELD,Chief of Staff:

GENERAL: I have had a full examination made this morning in regard to the distances. I changed my position last night, and find the distance, by the road marks, to be by the dirt road 1 1/2 miles and by the railroad about 1 1/4 miles. I desire to make this note a part of my other communication.

I am, general, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

TH. J. WOOD,

Brigadier-General of Volunteers, Commanding.
HEADQUARTERS FIRST DIVISION, September 8, 1863-1.30 p.m.

Captain P. P. OLDERSHAW,Assistant Adjutant-General:

CAPTAIN: I hear considerable artillery firing at the point of Lookout Mountain this morning. I suppose General Wagner is feeling the enemy and he is replying.

Respectfully,&amp;c.,

TH. J. WOOD,

Brigadier-General of Volunteers, Commanding.
HEADQUARTERS FIRST DIVISION, September 8, 1863.

Captain P. P. OLDERSHAW,Assistant Adjutant-general:

CAPTAIN: General Wagner sends the following information to me this evening:

I opened on Point Lookout (at foot of Lookout Mountain) yesterday (7th), as you directed, and developed an eight-gun battery and Cheastham's division of infantry. The enemy also opened with two 32-pounders. These guns command the gap at foot of Lookout. Colonel Wilder will attempt a crossing at Harrision's landing with one regiment of cavalry and two pieces of artillery to-morrow (9th). I will shell the position of the enemy again.

The above is the substance of General Wagner's verbal report sent through by a special messenger and received this evening. It shown the enemy is in force on the point of Lookout Mountain, both infantry and artillery. I am sure, perfectly, that the guns and battery developed by General Wagner are not the same as those which Colonel Harker developed in his reconnaissance yesterday. I re-

