
gard the information important, and would be glad it should be forwarded at once. I may be able to get further information tomorrow forenoon and if so, it will be quickly sent forward.

Respectfully,&amp;c.,

TH. J. WOOD,

Brigadier-General of Volunteers, Commanding.

[Indorsement.]
HEADQUARTERS TWENTY-FIRST ARMY CORPS, September 8, 1863-10 p.m.

Respectfully forwarded, not delaying to make copy.

Please return these, as also the two letters of General Wood dated the 6th.

T. L. CRITTENDEN,Major-general, Commanding.
HEADQUARTERS, September 8, 1863-10 p.m.

Captain P. P. OLDERSHAW,

Assistant Adjutant-General:

CAPTAIN: To develop some mysterious movements which seem to be taking place with the enemy, I propose to make a reconnaissance in force of the enemy's position on the spur of Lookout Mountain early to-morrow morning. I will conduct the reconnaissance myself. If I should not succeed in gaining the information I desire, I will at least be able to threaten the enemy, in conformity with the general order, and also to aid thereby the reconnaissance which I understand from General Palmer he and General Van Cleve are to make tomorrow.

I send a dispatch just received from Captain Van Duzer,* dated Whiteside's. I am inclined to think it unfortunate that the line by Wauhatchie is to be abandoned.

Respectfully,&c.,

TH. J. WOOD,

Brigadier-General of Volunteers, Commanding.
HEADQUARTERS TWENTY-FIRST ARMY CORPS, September 8, 1863-11.45 p.m.

Brigadier-General WOOD,Commanding First Division:

SIR: The general commanding directs me to acknowledge the receipt of your letter of this 10 p.m, and to state that he has just returned form department headquarters, where he was informed that it was probable a general movement of the army would take place

to-morrow. He is therefore unwilling to approve your proposed reconnaissance for to-morrow. I am, however, instructed to forward your communication to department headquarters, and if approved there you shall be promptly advised.

I am, sir, very respectfully, your obedient servant.

P. P. OLDERSHAW,

Captain and Assistant Adjutant-General.

---------------

*See Van Duzer to Wood,p.455.

---------------

