HEADQUARTERS TWENTY-FIRST ARMY CORPS, September 8, 1863-11.45 p.m.

Brig. General J. A. GARFIELD,Chief o Staff:

SIR: I have the honor to forward you copy of communications just received from General Wood; also copy of my letter in answer thereto.* It is with you to determine whether the reconnaissance referred to shall be made. If so, no time should be lost in ordering same, as General Van Cleve starts at 3.30 a.m., and General Palmer probably at the same hour.

I inclose you a dispatch from Captain Van Duzer, also received from General Wood. A courier arrived here an hour ago with a dispatch for Captain Van Duzer, at General Wood's headquarters; but, as General Wood in his last communication forwarded to department headquarters stated that Captain Van Duzer had left his quarters, I directed the courier to Whiteside's, and send a dispatch this moment received from your headquarters, addressed to the telegraph operator at these headquarters, to same destination.

I am, sir, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

T. L. CRITTENDEN,

Major-General, Commanding.

[Inclosure.]

WHITESIDE'S, September 8, 1863-7.35 p.m.

Brigadier-General WOOD,

Commanding First Division:

Following is an extract of a message just received from General Rosecrans:

You will abandon line to Wauhatchie, as the general does not consider it safe.

By order,&amp;x.

In obedience to this order, I will withdraw the operators now there at daylight.

J. C. VAN DUZER,

Captain, Aide-de-Camp.
HDQRS. FIRST DIVISION, TWENTY-FIRST ARMY CORPS, Junction of Tretnon and Whiteside's Roads, Sep. 8, 1863.

Brig. General J. A. GARFIELD,Chief os Staff:

GENERAL: I am just in receipt of a copy of General Crittenden's indorsement on my refutation of the letter of complaint and charges he had thought proper to address to the commanding general, to my prejudice and injury. As I am fully satisfied that I have completely vindicated myself against all the charges and complaints General Crittenden had made against me, I am quite willing to leave my justification to my written refutation; but to a full understanding of the whole matter, some remarks on General Crittenden's indorsement seem to me necessary. As General Crittenden now disavows any intention of making but one charge against me, that of neglect of

---------------

*See p.454.

---------------

