
[Indorsement.]
HEADQUARTERS TWENTY-FIRST ARMY CORPS, September 9, 1863.

Respectfully forwarded.

So far as regards my own conduct in this matter I have nothing to add.

T. L. CRITTENDEN,Major-General, Commanding.
HEADQUARTERS DEPARTMENT OF THE CUMBERLAND, Trenton, Ga., September 8, 1863-2 p.m.

Brigadier-General WOOD,

Commanding First Division, Twenty-first Army Corps:

Your communication bearing date of 6 p.m., September 7, has been received and read to the general commanding. He directs me to say that he sees nothing in the indorsement of General Crittenden upon your complaint. The sending of his staff officers to explore the road from Trenton to your headquarters was what he ought to have done, and cannot just be considered a reflection on you, especially as General Crittenden approved the dispositions you had made. The general commanding was disappointed that your reconnaissance was not made earlier, and he is still uninformed of the place where you found the enemy, the strength of force which you encountered, and the distance to which you pushed the reconnaissance. Your dispatch of 9 a.m. to-day, giving exact distance to which you "changed your position to the rear," is also received. The general commanding directs me to say he would much rather know the distance, between you and the enemy, and between you and Chattanooga, and what rebel force intervenes between you and that place; also what rebel signal stations are on your left and within your reach.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

J. A. GARFIELD,

Brigadier-General, Chief of Staff.

WAGNER'S HEADQUARTERS, September 8, 1863. (Via Shellmound, 8 a.m.)

General WOOD:

I will to-day make a demonstration at Friar's Landing, and also will shell the enemy in your front. They have two batteries at the foot of Lookout Mountain and strong works to fight them in. I don't think you can carry them unless we can do something from this side, and we can't get nearer then a mile. Have a dispatch from Colonel Minty. He says Burnside is in Knoxville; that Buckner has joined the forces here or is doing so; Loudon Bridge is burned, and thinks the Hiwassee Bridge is also burned; Burnside's cavalry is at Washington and Post Oak Springs and leaves for Athens. I have a dispatch from their advance. Colonel Byrd says there is still a large force in Chattanooga - I think Cheatham's division. I have sent men across to your command, it they do not get captured.

G. D. WAGNER,

Brigadier-General.

