
[Indorsement.]
HEADQUARTERS, September 8, 1863-10 p.m.

Respectfully forwarded through corps headquarters for the information of the commanding general of the army.

This telegram has just been received.

TH. J. WOOD,Brigadier-General of Volunteers, Commanding.
HEADQUARTERS U. S. FORCES, Opposite Chattanooga, September 8, 1863-10 a.m.

Brigadier-General GARFIELD,

Chief of Staff, Department of the Cumberland:

GENERAL: I forward several communications from different officers, which will give you some idea of the position of affairs here.

On yesterday I had the works of the enemy shelled at Chattanooga as a diversion from General Wood, who is opposite in Lookout Valley. He had a sharp fight with them, driving them out of the valley. The are strongly intrenched between Lookout Mountain and the river. I shall try to shell them to-day from this side. There seem to be no camps now above Chattanooga at any point in sight.

The river is guarded by cavalry, infantry having left two days ago. Large bodies of troops have been moving to be no increase of force about the city. As near as we can learn, Cheatham's division of four brigades is here yet. What has become of Buckner? I have no information except what is contained in report of scout, marked No. 1.

I am, sir, very respectfully, your most obedient servant,

G. D. WAGNER,

Brigadier-General, Commanding.

DEPARTMENT HEADQUARTERS, September 8, 1863-10 p.m.

General WAGNER:

Your dispatch of 5.20 p.m. yesterday is received. General Crittenden has been ordered to occupy Chattanooga in the morning early and push forward in vigorous pursuit. The general commanding directs you to cross the river immediately with all the forces under your command in the Sequatchie Valley and report to General Crittenden to join in the pursuit. Supply your command with five days' rations, taking what ammunition and other things you need in marching rapidly over mountains, and leave the remainder at their leisure to join the train of the corps.

GODDARD,

Lieutenant-Colonel and Assistant Adjutant-General.

WALDEN'S RIDGE, TENN., September 8, 1863-12 p.m.

Major-General ROSECRANS:

A deserter from Eighteenth Tennessee, from Lookout Mountain last night, says: Artillery left that place last night, and his regi-

