
XLII.

Randall. The force will then be sufficiently strong to go where they please.

I have a surveying party, with a strong infantry escort, out nearly all the time. This week they are running the cross roads between the river and the Waverly road.

I heard last night of 150 guerrillas on the Tennessee River, 16 miles north of Fort Heiman. I do not believe the report, and have no mounted men to send out to investigate it. I also get reports that large numbers of guerrillas have recently crossed from West Tennessee into Duck River bottom, but I have the most reliable evidence that these reports are unfounded. A Union refugee (Mr. Hopwood, whom I know well), who has recently been on there and left only two days ago, is my informant.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

W. P. LYON.

August 16, 1863.

Colonel RAWLINS,

Headquarters:

Have just heard from Colonel Winslow. He was at Yazoo City on Thursday, but found no boat or troops. He started on the next day for Grenada. A party returned, but saw or heard nothing of interest.

W. T. SHERMAN,

Major-General.

WINCHESTER, TENN., August 16, 1863-9.35 p.m.

(Received 1.50 a.m., 17th.)

ADJUTANT-GENERAL U. S. ARMY:

All three corps are crossing the mountains. It will take till Wednesday night to reach their respective positions. I think we shall deceive the enemy as to our point of crossing. It is a stupendous undertaking. The Alps, with a broad river at the foot, and not fertile plains, but 70 miles of difficult and mostly sterile mountains beyond, before reaching a point of secondary importance to the enemy, in reference to his vital one, Atlanta.

W. S. ROSECRANS,

Major-General.

DECHERD, August 16, 1863-8.30 p.m.

Colonel J. W. TAYLOR:

Shall supplies continue to be sent to Winchester?

W. H. JOHNSON,

Captain and Assistant Quartermaster.

[Indorsements.]

Major BOND:

Please as the general what orders shall be given.

C. GODDARD,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

Push everything to Stevenson-no more to Winchester; so says the general commanding.

BOND.

