HDQRS. SECOND DIV., TWENTY-FIRST ARMY CORPS, Hawkins' Station, September 8, 1863-5.45 p.m.

Captain P. P. OLDERSHAW, Assistant Adjutant-General:

CAPTAIN: Your note of 1.30 p.m. was handed me by Captain Howland a few minutes ago, and yours of 2.50 was on my table when I returned this moment from a ride with General Wood to the front. My reconnaissance this afternoon was only an examination of the country along the base of the mountain for some 3 miles. When I wrote to-day I intended to do more, but on reflection determined to wait for the approval of the general commanding before attempting to ascend the mountain. I am now gratified that I did so, as I can do so more satisfactorily to-morrow morning, as he suggests.

Very respectfully,JOHN M. PALMER,

Major-General.
HEADQUARTERS, In front Chattanooga, Tenn., September 8, 1863-8 a.m.

Brigadier-General HAZEN:

GENERAL: Your communication has been received, and I have to thank you for such valuable information. We shelled the enemy yesterday to aid General Wood. He is in Lookout Valley and had quite a fight with the enemy yesterday. We will try to shell the rebels in his front from this side of the river to-day, so as to help him, but I do not quite understand what he is trying to do, as he cannot take the place while there are so many troops there as yesterday. I think Cheatham's division is still near. Colonel Wilder will make a strong demonstration to-day above Chattanooga.

A soldier that saw Colonel Minty las evening report the colonel as saying the rebels were trying to cross the river near him. Can this be true? You must direct him according to your judgment. Have sent two wagons for lumber, which you spoke of letting me have.

I am, sir, very respectfully, your most obedient servant,

G. D. WAGNER,

Brigadier-General, Commanding.
HEADQUARTERS U. S. FORCES, Poe's Tavern, September 8, 1863-8 a.m.

Colonel WILDER:

Yours of last night is read. Funkhouser sent down to Dallas at daylight with orders to cross if possible. I sent orders to Minty last night to cross at Sale Creek this morning and move down to Harrison, but a subsequent report of rebels above him may prevent his doing so. The pickets opposite here were withdrawn night before last. My boat will be done to-night, and would like to cross my entire brigade early to-morrow morning. Learn all you can, and let me know. i have a regiment of infantry and a section of artillery at Tyner's Island. Try and learn if infantry and wagons cannot ford after ferrying to the island.

Truly,W. B. HAZEN,

Brigadier-General.

