HDQRS. FIRST BRIG., FOURTH DIV.,14TH ARMY CORPS, September 8,1863-7.45 p.m.

Brigadier-General HAZEN:

GENERAL: I send you copy of a dispatch from General Wagner, now at the river opposite Chattanooga, for your information.

Colonel WILDER:

The enemy have certainly left. We have two guns on the river bank. There is no person here but a few sharpshooters. Colonel Monroe says he saw 150 cavalry down at Lookout. No reply to the artillery. Major Connolly saw to-day about a brigade of cavalry passing from Chattanooga toward Lookout Mountain. I have not head from Wood. It is too late to do anything to-day. I want to see you to arrange a plan of crossing; if we had a boat there we could take possession of the city to-night. I think this much [sic] the regiment placed to cross, we can cover the crossing with artillery.

WAGNER.

This dispatch was received since dark.

I am, general,very truly, your obedient servant,

ALEX. A. RICE,

Captain and Assistant Adjutant-General.
HEADQUARTERS U. S. FORCES, Opposite Chattanooga, September 8, 1863-10 p.m.

Brig. General WILLIAM B. HAZEN:

GENERAL: Try to ascertain certainly whether the enemy are crossing or attempting to, as Colonel Minty seems to think. If so, or if you think there is a probability they will cross, Colonel Minty must be re-enforced, so as to prevent it, for it will not do to have a raid made upon the railroad at this time. Colonel Wilder would have attempted to cross in the morning, but I have directed him to await further information from Colonel Minty, for if he needs help Colonel Wilder must send it. Send me by return your opinion fully.

All of the infantry and artillery, so far as we can tell, have left the vicinity of Chattanooga, but quite a force of cavalry are to be seen. I have not heard from General Wood to-day. Do not know what has become of him. We can at any time enter Chattanooga. Get all ready to cross over.

Your obedient servant.

G. D. WAGNER,Brigadier-General, Commanding.

This is written in the wood;not sure you can read it.

G. D. W.
HDQRS. FIRST BRIG., FOURTH DIV.,14TH ARMY CORPS, Camp opposite Friar's Island, September 8, 1863.

Brigadier-General HAZEN,Commanding, Poe's Tavern:

GENERAL: I have been firing for some time this morning. Find the works occupied by a small force-say 150 or 200.

The river at this point can be forded easily; the current is very swift,however. The boat building on the creek will be finished by daylight to-morrow and will carry one gun and caisson. I am sat-

