
isfied that this is the point at which a crossing should be made. They have no artillery in their works to-day. The position can be carried with but little loss, I think.

Yours,respectfully,

J. T. WILDER,

Colonel, Commanding.

P. S.-The pontoons at Chattanooga are taken to pieces this morning.

J. T. W.
HDQRS. FIRST BRIG., FOURTH DIV.,14TH ARMY CORPS, Friar's Island, September 8, 1863.

Brigadier-General HAZEN,Poe's Tavern:

GENERAL: I have the Seventeenth Indiana (dismounted) on Friar's Island. They crossed in boats without discovery. It is now too late to cross the river. I propose to make a dash and carry the works at daylight with the Seventeenth Indiana, supported by the

Seventy-second Indiana, on horseback, across the ford, they covered by the Forty-first Ohio and battery on this side of the river. I very much desire to have all four of my regiments here, and at any rate reconnoiter the country as far as Tyner's Station, and perhaps go into Chattanooga, if not driven back. To do this I will need my whole command, so as to cover my recrossing, in case I am forced to do so. If you will send me eight companies, leaving two companies for vedette duty, I will try it. I believe there is but one regiment to oppose my crossing; there may be more. It may be necessary to await rising of the log.

Yours,respectfully,

J. T. WILDER,

Colonel, Commanding.

P. S.-Send me all the information you can to-night.

J. T. W.

(Same to Genoral Wagner.)
HEADQUARTERS U. S. FORCES, Poe's Tavern, September 8, 1863-11 p.m.

Colonel WILDER,Commanding Mounted Infantry:

Your not is just received. I will send the eight companies you desire. You can say to the Forty-first Ohio Volunteers to remain where they are till after you demonstration. There is a regiment of Georgia cavalry to-night at Harrison. This morning Buckner's corps was at Ooltewah, with much of Bragg's army at or near Tyner's. If you cross move very cautiously, learning all you can; letting me know early, and I will cross my brigade if the enemy have given a chance. You must make certain of their position and intentions, so we may not be led into the error of crossing to be destroyed. Let me hear from you early.

Very truly,

W. B. HAZEN,

Brigadier-General.

30 R R-VOL XXX, PT III

