HEADQUARTERS TWENTY-FIRST ARMY CORPS, September 8, 1863-2.30 p.m.

Brigadier-General VAN CLEVE,Commanding Third Division:

SIR: The general commanding directs that you make a reconnaissance to-morrow with one brigade to the summit of Lookout Mountain, if practicable,following the course of the Nickajack trace. The reconnaissance to be made with a good deal of vigor and display of strength, and must be across the Trenton Valley and in the woods before day, so as to prevent observation by the enemy. Great quietude must also be enforced. Major-General Palmer is ordered to make a similar reconnaissance at the same time, going in the direction of Summerville [Summertown].

If you are successful in gaining the top of the hill, the general commanding desires that you remain there, if you feel competent to maintain your position, while you communicate with him as to the practicability of the roads for troops and wagons, what you can see, and any information you may acquire. You will go with two days' rations, and prepared to stay at least one night, and the men must carry twenty rounds of ammunition besides the forty rounds in their cartridge-boxes. No artillery will accompany the expedition.

The distance from your camp to the top of the mountain, where the Nickajack road intersects the main mountain road, is estimated to be 6 miles, and the distance from this intersection along the top of the mountain to Summerville, or Summertown, is estimated also at 6 miles. It is possible, therefore, that you may fall in with General Palmer's forces, and some effort should be made to open communication with him. Be very vigilant in the direction of Summervile [Summertown], as General Palmer might drive the enemy on your position.

Great watchfulness will have to be exercised by your brigade commander in the event of his moving up to Summerville [Summertown], should he pass any roads intersecting the main road between the Nickajack Junction and Summerville [Summertown].

I am, sir, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

P. P. OLDERSHAW,

Captain and Assistant Adjutant-General.
HDQRS. SECOND BRIG., THIRD DIV.,21ST ARMY CORPS, Whiteside's, September 8, 1863-3.50 p.m

Lieutenant Colonel C. GODDARD,Asst. Adjt. General, Department of the Cumberland:

SIR: After arriving in camp at Bridgeport, I received the inclosed communication at 10 o'clock at night. I delayed the march this morning to hear from Captain Moreau the second time, but none came. I had marched my men 22 miles; did not get into camp until about 9 p.m. I moved this morning at 5 a.m.

Very respectfully,your obedient servant,

GEORGE F. DICK,

Commanding Second Brigade.

