
[Inclosure.]
HEADQUARTERS COURIER LINE, Jasper, Tenn., September 7, 1863.

Colonel DICK,Comdg. Second Brig., Third Div., 21st Army Corps:

SIR: I have received information which justifies the belief that a large force of Confederate cavalry or mounted infantry is on the other side of the Tennessee River, at Kelley's Ferry, and that 700 of them have crossed over. They are evidently aiming to strike the Sequatchie Valley at this point, with a view to Burnside's flank or rear at Kingston. They could be effectually checkmated with your brigade, and your orders allow.

I have just sent out scouts to learn the fact and report to me at midnight. Will send to you the information received should it be important.

I have the honor to be, sir, yours,most obediently,

WILL C. MOREAU,

Captain, Commanding Couriers, Twenty-first Army Corps.
HDQRS. FIRST BRIG., SECOND DIV., RESERVE CORPS, Stevenson, Ala., September 8, 1863.

COLONEL: I am directed by the colonel commanding brigade to say that the following communication has been referred to these headquarters by Major General G. Granger, with instructions that the matter be investigated and the guilty parties brought to justice, if possible:

PROVOST-MARSHAL'S OFFICE, Columbia, Tenn., September 2, 1863.

The soldiers of the First Brigade, Second Division, Reserve Corps, Department of the Cumberland, broke into the house and house and premises of Mr. Joseph P. Cousinson and destroyed and carried off considerable property, amounting probably to $200 or thereabouts. Mr. Cousinson, I believe, claims to be a subject of Great Britain.

J. S. THOMAS,Captain and Provost-Marshal.

P. S.-The above facts are substantiated upon the evidence of Mr. J. R. Hodge, a citizen of this place.

The colonel directs that you use every exertion to discover whether the men who are said to have perpetrated the outrage mentioned above belong to your regiment or not, and make a report in writing as soon as possible to these headquarters.

I am,colonel, very respectfully,your obedient servant,

[CHAS. D. KERR,]

First Lieutenant and Acting Assistant Adjutant-General.

(Sent to commanding officer of each regiment and detachment in brigade.)
HEADQUARTERS DEPARTMENT OF THE CUMBERLAND, Trenton, Ga., September 8, 1863.

Major General D. S. STANLEY,Chief of Cavalry:

GENERAL: I have a messenger from General Crook asking for turpentine, but whether for horse medicine or bridges does not appear.

