
The messenger brings nothing from you,but I learn from him that your command lies at the foot of the mountain on this side, intending to move in the morning. I am sorry to say you will be too late.

It is also a matter of regret to me that your command has done so little in this great movement. If you could do nothing toward Rome, nor toward the railroad, you might at least have cleared the top of Lookout Mountain to Chattanooga and established a patrol and vedette line along it, which I should have ordered had I not trusted to your discretion, expecting something more important to be done. But what is worse than this, you had peremptory orders to move, which were reiterated yesterday, expecting you would move this morning. It appears that the enemy have sent a large infantry and cavalry force to Alpine. Your cavalry ought to have full patrol from your position to that place. This you do not appear to have done. Had you gone according to orders you would have struck the head of their column, and probably inflicted on them irreparable injury. So far your command has been a mere picket guard four our advance. Orders accompany this, which I hope to see effectually executed. Let me always hear from you fully. Why have you not supplied your command with means of burning bridges and destroying railroads?

Very respectfully,your obedient servant,

W. S. ROSECRANS,

Major-General, Commanding.
HEADQUARTERS CAVALRY CORPS, Winston's, September 8, 1863-7 p.m.

Brig. General J. A. GARFIELD,Chief of Staff:

GENERAL: I could not get off his morning on account of deficiency of horseshoes. I am in pretty good trim now, and gain 600 men by delaying to-day. Crook is on the mountain this evening, and McCook will move at 3 a.m. We should strike Alpine yesterday evening. Martin's headquarters are said to be at la Fayette. I expect to fight them at Alpine. Wharton has with him a full battery. If he can get them on good ground you need not fear the result. Deserters all confirm the position of the rebel cavalry. I expect we will have a pretty sharp affair.

Respectfully,

D. S. STANLEY,

Major-General.
HEADQUARTERS DEPARTMENT OF THE CUMBERLAND, Trenton, Ga., September 8, 1863-11 p.m.

Major-General STANELY,

Chief of Cavalry:

The general commanding learns that your expedition against the railroad has been delayed and the movement not yet begun. If this be so he directs the following as a substitute for the last order sent to you:Sen one brigade, which will be supported by a brigade of

