
Winston's this evening, in order that there may be no delay in getting seedily over the mountain to-morrow morning, sending with them a battalion of cavalry to act as escort and assist the infantry regiment now on top of the mountain in doing picket duty

to-night.

The battalion will feed their horses well this evening before starting, and take with them enough to feed to-morrow morning. He also directs that the dismounted men, with suitable number of commissioned officers, be sent back with the train to-day to Stevenson, carrying their arms and horse equipments with them, and on arrival at Stevenson they will proceed to Nashville for a remount, the horses being now there.

You will detail a reliable officer to take charge of this party of dismounted men in going and returning, and direct him to report to these headquarters for instructions when he is ready to start.

I am, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

WM. H. SINCLAIR,

Assistant Adjutant-General.
HEADQUARTERS U. S. FORCES, Poe's Tavern, September 8, 1863-6 a.m.

Colonel MINTY:

Two deserters just in from Forret's command report that he has gone to Rome, Ga. They say that Pegram is at Blythe's, with about two brigades; that the question of raiding on our rear is certainly strongly thought of. Their pickets all along here were withdrawn night before last. Funkhouser will endeavor to cross at Harrison, and Wilder at Chickamauga, to-day. I am anxious you should cross, as directed in my modified letter of instruction, if later intelligence warrants it.

Very respectfully,W. B. HAZEN,

Brigadier-General.
HEADQUARTERS U. S. FORCES, Poe's Tavern, September 8, 1863-10 a.m.

Colonel MINTY,

Commanding Cavalry:

From information just received it is pretty certain that Pegrams is opposite you with two brigades. I fins also that the fords between you and Harrison are too uncertain to be relied upon without actual trial on your part. So for the present do not cross more than reconnoitering parties, and do not move lower down till you know more of the force between you and the Hiwassee.

Very respectfully,

W. B. HAZEN,

Brigadier-General.

HDQRS. FIRST BRIGADE, SECOND CAVALRY DIVISION, Sale Creek Camp Ground, September 8, 1863.

Lieutenant-Colonel GODDARD,

Asst. Adjt. General, Department of the Cumberland:

SIR: All the infantry has disappeared from the east bank of the river. A cavalry picket is stationed at Blythe's Ferry, and Pegram's

