
brigade is posted near there. I have this moment received a dispatch from Colonel Byrd at Kingston; he was to move toward Athens yesterday. He states that Forrest is at Philadelphia with three brigades and thirteen pieces of artillery, seven large and five small pieces. He also states that Breckinridge with his division had joined Forrest; this last I doubt.

I am, respectfully, your obedient servant,

R. H. G. MINTY,

Colonel, Commanding.
HEADQUARTERS U. S. FORCES, Poe's Tavern, September 8, 1863-5 p.m.

Colonel MINTY:

Your inclosure have been just received. If you are of the opinion that a crossing is to be attempted, move up your artillery and what force you can, and prevent it. It has been a part of their tactics to always raid upon our rear, and they intend doing so now, in a way they appear to be attempting. If the case really demands it, some infantry can be sent from here. I presume you have received my note to postpone any crossing other than a reconnaissance. Let me know speedily of any further developments.

Very respectfully,W. B. HAZEN.
HEADQUARTERS NINTH ARMY CORPS, Lexington, Ky., September 8, 1863.

Lieutenant-Colonel RICHMOND,

Assistant Adjutant-General, Army of the Ohio:

COLONEL: Inclosed herewith you will find a copy of a report of Dr. McDonald, medical inspector of this division, and copies of letters from Lieutenant Benjamin, chief of artillery; also memoranda taken from the tri-monthly of August 10,20, and 31 of this corps, forwarded for the consideration of the commanding general. My object in submitting these papers to the consideration of General Burnside is to prevent any misapprehension on his part as to the strength and efficiency of the corps and the extent to which it can be relied on.

The number of men for duty bearing arms is but 4,232, the number sick 3,820. It has been impossible for me to put the batteries in the field, as they had neither officers nor non-commissioned officers. I filled them up with infantry, but that under the circumstances was of little use. Roemer's battery, four guns, I have sent forward to Crab Orchard. Benjamin is here with four pieces, having turned in two at Cincinnati, and will move forward with the Second Division if possible. He is sick. Two lieutenant absent, sick. Edwards' battery will be here to-night, probably with one officer (lieutenant) only for duty. Durell I have found it impossible to move, as he is sick himself, both his lieutenant absent, sick, all his non-commissioned officers sick, and nearly one-half his men in hospital. To attempt to move this battery now would be to add a very troublesome and comparatively useless appendage to my impediments. Moving the batteries, then you have increased the sick 10 per cent.

As for the infantry, it is not in a much better plight. The First

