
Division averages but 226 men and 12 officers per regiment; the Second 216 men and 11 officers per regiment. The regiments mostly are commanded by captains, two brigades are commanded by lieutenant-colonels, and one by a major. Some of the regiments are without a medical officer, as I have none to assign them and can't get any. Five officers attached to headquarters are absent, sick; 2 of the remaining ones are also sick.

Of the First Division staff, 3 are present; the Second Division, 5 are absent sick, and 3 sick at headquarters. The places of these officers cannot be supplied from the corps, for the officers are not here to do it with.

Thus far every movement has been attended with an alarming increase of the number of sick. I venture to say that no body of troops in the same unfortunate sanitary condition were ever ordered into the field before, and while I am glad to lead them there or to do any duty the general may order, I desire, so far as it is in my power, to prevent any misapprehension as to present the difficulties that surround its movements.

I have made arrangements to relieve the Twenty-first Massachusetts, Second Maryland, and Forty-eighth Pennsylvania Volunteers by the Fifty-first New York, Sixth and Ninth New Hampshire, and Seventh Rhode Island. By this arrangement I gain nearly 400 men, besides obtaining regiments that ought to be in first-rate condition, in place of those entirely unfit for duty and which I do not believe could be moved 100 miles.

I find great difficulty in supplying the front in this corps. I have reduced the transportation to two wagons to a regiment and one to each headquarters.

I shall commence moving with the First Division to-morrow from Crab Orchard, and hope the Second will move from Camp Nelson the day after. The general, I trust, will feel assured that no effort will be spared on my part to press the troops forward as fast as possible.

I have the honor to be, colonel, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

ROBT. B. POTTER,

Brigadier-General, Commanding Ninth Army Corps.

LEXINGTON, September 8, 1863.

Captain ANDERSON:

Have you received any orders in regard to this corps; it is reported to me unofficially here that you have orders for us to concentrate at Crab Orchard. I received a dispatch from General Burnside yesterday, dated on the 4th, requesting me to push forward the corps by way of Cumberland Gap. I shall, therefore, move on as fast as possible.

R. B. POTTER,

Brigadier-General.

CINCINNATI, September 8, 1863.

Brigadier-General POTTER:

I have received no orders in regard to your corps.

W. P. ANDERSON,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

