
SHERMAN'S HEADQUARTERS, September 9, 1863.

General BUCKLAND, Oak Ridge:

Send all negroes who want employment to the provost-marshal at Vicksburg, with a note stating that they are refugees. We are not called on to defend the lives or property of the people of Yazzo County. They have voluntarily withheld all support from our Government, and must take the consequences. When they get a good government, evermore they will appreciate it. I will try to see you at the ridge on Thursday.

W. T. SHERMAN,

Major-General.
HDQRS. FIRST DIVISION, FIFTEENTH ARMY CORPS, Big Black River Bridge, Miss., September 9, 1863.

Captain CRANE:

General Osterhaus requests that all records and orders belonging to headquarters of this division that are in your possession be turned over to this office.

By order of Brigadier General P. J. Osterhaus:

WM. A. GORDON,Assistant Adjutant-General.
HEADQUARTERS SEVENTEENTH ARMY CORPS, Vicksburg, Miss., September 9, 1863.

Major General FRED. STEELE, Commanding Expedition:

Brig. General John E. Smith's division of my command, amounting to about 4,000 men, consisting of infantry and two batteries of artillery, will embark day after to-morrow for Helena, to proceed to your support.

Immediately on receipt of dispatches from Major-General Hurlbut that you were in need of more men this division was ordered to hold itself in readiness to embark, but want of boats has delayed the movement thus far. The low stage of water in the river will prevent the boats from reaching Helena as soon as they otherwise would.

Generals Stevenson and Crocker have returned from their expeditions against Monroe and Harrison burg, respectively, without having any fighting to speak of.

The enemy retreated on the appearance of our forces in the direction of Shreveport, destroying what property they could not carry off and blowing up their magazines.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

JAS. B. McPHERSON,

Major-General.
HEADQUARTERS SEVENTEENTH ARMY CORPS, Vicksburg, Miss., September 9, 1863.

Major OSBAND,Commanding Battalion Fourth Illinois Cavalry:

MAJOR: You will proceed with your battalion on a scout in a southeast direction between here and the Big Black, extending your operations to the Big Black River.

