
You will arrest and bring in all armed negroes who are found out of the lines without authority; also all able-bodied negroes who are found floating around doing nothing, and bring them in to be put on the new fortifications to work.

Your will bring in all the horses and mules which they have in their possession and turn them over to the quartermaster. In case you meet any negroes mounted who may be going from one plantation to another on business, the owners of which are well disposed toward us, you can let the negroes proceed. You will not molest those who are staying on the plantations and are quietly at work unless they express a desire to come, when you can bring them in to be employed by the Government here.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

JAS. B. McPHERSON,

Major-General.
HEADQUARTERS SEVENTEENTH ARMY CORPS, Vicksburg, Miss., September 9, 1863.

Major General S. A. HURLBUT,Commanding Sixteenth Army Corps, Memphis, Tenn.:

GENERAL: Brigadier General John E. Smith's division, numbering about 4,000 men, will embark day after to-morrow for Helena, to proceed to the support of General Steele.

Immediately on the receipt of your dispatches orders were given for this division to hold itself in readiness to embark, but the scarcity of transportation had delayed the movement so far, but the master of river transportation has delayed the movement so far, but the master of river transportation assures me that there will be boats enough by day after to-morrow. If there are not boats enough I will send up two brigades, and the remaining brigade as soon as transportation can be furnished.

Brigadier-Generals Stevenson and Crocker have returned from their expeditions against Monroe and Harrison burg respectively. In both cases the enemy evacuated and retreated in the direction of Shreveport on the approach of our troops, destroying what stores they could not carry of and blowing up their magazines.

Brigadier General John E. Smith's division will consist of infantry and two batteries of artillery.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

JAS. B. McPHERSON,

Major-General.

MEMPHIS, TENN., September 9, 1863-5 p.m.

(Received 4.40 p.m., 11th.)

Major General H. W. HALLECK,

General-in-Chief:

A gentleman just in from Mobile reports that nearly all of Johnston's force has gone to join Bragg, at and near Chattanooga. I think the report true, from the source I received it, and from the fact that the country south of Corinth is full of irregular cavalry, masking some movement.

S. A. HURLBUT,

Major-General.

