HEADQUARTERS DEPARTMENT OF THE CUMBERLAND, Trenton, September 9, 1863-3.30 a.m.

Major-General THOMAS,Commanding Fourteenth Army Corps:

A dispatch is just received from General Wagner, dated 8.30 p.m. yesterday, stating that Chattanooga is evacuated by the rebels and he will occupy it in the morning. The general commanding desires you to call on him at once to consult in regard to arrangements for the pursuit.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

J. A. GARFIELD,

Brigadier-General, Chief of Staff.

P. S. - The order sending the Ninety-second Illinois to reconnoiter the mountain is revoked. The general commanding directs you to order your whole command in readiness to move at once.

J. A. GARFIELD,

Brigadier-General, Chief of Staff.

OPPOSITE CHATTANOOGA, September 9, 1863.

Captain SEITER,

Fourteenth Army Corps:

General Wagner occupies Chattanooga to-day. The Stars and Stripes were raised on Mound Fort at 11 a.m. The last of the enemy left as our men entered, without firing a gun. Generals Crittenden and Wood are in Chattanooga.

G. W. LANDRUM,

Lieutenant and Acting Signal Officer.
HDQRS. FOURTH DIVISION, FOURTEENTH ARMY CORPS, Trenton, Ga., September 9, 1863-9 a.m.

Lieutenant-Colonel FLYNT:

A paroled Vicksburg prisoner, named Baker, has this moment arrived from Atlanta, which place he left day before yesterday at 7 p.m. He has no furlough; lives 1 1/2 miles above this point. Says a great many Vicksburg prisoners are going home without furloughs, and that they are passed on the cars on their paroles. According to his information the only troops at Atlanta, when he came through, were recent conscripts, but on this point he is not definite. He left the cars at Tunnel Hill. Says he met what he supposed to be eight rebel regiments yesterday - at least they had eight colors - marching toward La Fayette from Chattanooga. Had no opportunity of conversing with rebel soldiers. Conversed with citizens in their rear, who say that Chattanooga is evacuated and "You'uns in possession." He has been sent to department headquarters.

Very respectfully,J. J. REYNOLDS,

Major-General, Commanding Division.

Colonel Atkins, with Ninety-second Illinois (mounted), 400 strong, left on reconnaissance toward Chattanooga at daybreak this morning.

