HEADQUARTERS TWENTIETH ARMY CORPS, Camp at Long's Spring, Ala., September 9, 1863-8.30 a.m.

General J. A. GARFIELD,Chief of Staff:

GENERAL: Your dispatch of 11 p.m. reached me at 6.45 o'clock this morning. The dispatches for General Stanley were at once forwarded to him. He moved his artillery and ambulances on to Lookout Mountain last night, so that he could commence the ascent with his command at daylight this morning. Before your order reaches him modifying his movements he may have a portion of his force in Broomtown Valley. It will be as well, I think, for him to go over and drive the rebel cavalry back upon their infantry, if they are moving southward toward La Fayette. Stanley, with the infantry supports, can certainly ascertain what they are doing, and certainly where they are. I fear the force engaged in making the reconnaissances ordered may prove too small, as I believe all of Wheeler's cavalry is in the vicinity of Summerville. I will watch the gap or pass in front of me, and will certainly have some definite information for you by night. I send a portion of a map I cam compiling. The citizens all say it is correct. I will now mount my horse and go to the gap in person, so as to be better able to superintend things there. I inclose you a statement made by deserters who came to our lines yesterday. Will keep you promptly posted as to-day's operations.

I am, respectfully,

A. McD. McCOOK,

Major-General.

SIGNAL STATION ON LOOKOUT MOUNTAIN, September 9, 1863-1.45 p.m.

Captain CASE:

General Beatty has advanced 3 or 4 miles toward Summertown without any opposition.

B. FORAKER,

Lieutenant and Acting Signal Officers.
HEADQUARTERS DEPARTMENT OF THE CUMBERLAND, Trenton, Ga., September 9, 1863-10 a.m.

Major-General THOMAS,Commanding Fourteenth Army Corps:

The general commanding has ordered a general pursuit of the enemy by the whole army. General Crittenden has started to occupy Chattanooga and pursue the line of Bragg's retreat. Our force across the river from Chattanooga has been ordered to cross and join General Crittenden in the pursuit. General McCook has been ordered to move at once on Alpine and Summerville. The general commanding directs you to move your command as rapidly as possible to La Fayette and make every exertion to strike the enemy in flank, and, if possible, to cut off his escape. Colonel Wilder's brigade has been ordered to join you at La Fayette.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

J. A. GARFIELD,

Brigadier-General and Chief of Staff.

