HEADQUARTERS FOURTEENTH ARMY CORPS, EASLEY'S, September 9, 1863-8.30 p.m.

Brigadier-General GARFIELD, Chief of Staff:

I have tho honor to report as follows the operations of my corps for to-day:

Baird's division is moving across Lookout Mountain to the support of Negley. Troops will be over to-night.

Negley's division moved across the mountain and took up apposition in McLemore's Clove, near Rodger's farm, throwing out skirmishers as far as Bailey's Cross-Roads. Saw the enemy's cavalry in front march up in line beyond Bailey's Cross-Road. Citizens report that a force o three or four division, including infantry, cavalry, and artillery, concentrated in his front at Dug Gap, on Pigeon Ridge, last night, and are making preparations to resist our advance. Reports the road bad, but he has repaired it so that it is passable. Citizens also represent that our cavalry had an engagement with the rebel cavalry near Rome, and that the rebels were defeated.

Brannan's (Third) division in same camp as yesterday. Ninety-second Illinois (mounted infantry), sent on reconnaissance toward Chattanooga, along the ridge of Lookout Mountain, not returned yet.

The men of Reynold's division remained camped as yesterday.

Corps headquarters moved from Brown's Spring to Easley's farm, on Trenton and Lebanon road.

I have the honor, also, to inclose copy of General Negley's report of the operations of his division for this day.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,GEO. H. THOMAS,

Major-General, Commanding.

[Inclosure.]
HDQRS. SECOND DIV., FOURTEENTH ARMY CORPS, Stevens' House Foot of Gap, September 9, 1863-1.30 p.m.

Lieutenant-Colonel FLYNT,Chief of Staff, Fourteenth Army Corps:

SIR: I am rapidly concentrating my division at this point, having selected strong positions in a concentric line, extending as far as Rodgers. My skirmishers are thrown forward to Bailey's Cross-Roads, occasionally exchanging shots with the enemy, who is in line of battle (about one regiment cavalry in sight) beyond Bailey's.

Citizens report that a rebel force of three or four divisions, including infantry, artillery, and cavalry, moved up to Dug Gap, over Pigeon Ridge, last night; that they are making preparations there to resist our advance. I am endeavoring to ascertain the reliability of these reports.

The enemy's scouts approached our lines on the mountain last night. I expect to get my entire train down the mountain by dark. We have been obliged to repair the road extensively this morning, which has delayed the transportation.

The citizens also report that our cavalry had an engagement with the rebel cavalry near Rome, and that the rebels were defeated.

I have the honor to remain, yours, very truly,

JAS. S. NEGLEY,

Major-General.

