HEADQUARTERS FOURTEENTH ARMY CORPS, Camp at Easley's. September 9, 1863.

Brigadier-General BAIRD,Comdg. First Division, Fourteenth Army Corps:

GENERAL: The general commanding directs that you close up on General Negley, marching your command as far as possible toward La Fayette to-morrow. Leave your supply trains in charge of a guard, to follow via Stevens' Gap. General Negley will precede you on the road to La Fayette to-morrow. You will follow him closely, and be prepared to support him, if necessary.

General Reynolds' and Brannan's commands will move to-morrow on same route, crossing the mountain as soon as your troops move over, descending on the opposite side, via Cooper's Gap.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

GEO. E. FLYNT,

Assistant Adjutant-General and Chief of Staff.
HEADQUARTERS FOURTEENTH ARMY CORPS, Camp at Easley's, September 9, 1863.

Major-General NEGLEY,Comdg. Second Division, Fourteenth Army Corps:

GENERAL: The general commanding directs that you concentrate your troops at the foot of the mountain, on the other side, and to prepare to march on La Fayette to-morrow. If your supply train is not up the mountain, leave it in charge of a guard to follow via Stevens' Gap. General Baird (First Division) is ordered to move

to-morrow with his command, receiving similar instruction in regard to supply train.

General Reynolds' and Brannan's commands will move to-morrow on same route, crossing the mountain as rapidly as practicable, and descending on the opposite side, via Cooper's Gap.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

GEO. E. FLYNT,

Assistant Adjutant-General and Chief of Staff.

HDQRS. SECOND DIV., FOURTEENTH ARMY CORPS, Stevens' Spring, Foot of Mountain, September 9, 1863-8.30 p.m.

Lieutenant-Colonel FLYNT,

Chief of Staff, Fourteenth Army Corps:

SIR: Your order directing me to march to La Fayette to-morrow has just been received. I will start at 8 a.m. The last of my transportation reached this point at 5 p.m. to-day, without further loss than three wheels. This evening I took several regiments of the Second Brigade and drove the rebel cavalry in our front to Chickamauga Creek (3 miles), taking possession of the ridge beyond Bayley's. The rebel cavalry belonged to John T. Morgan's Fifty-first Alabama Regiment, headquarters at Chickamauga Creek. Twelve of my escort, under Lieutenant Cooke, made a gallant charge on superior numbers, capturing 2 prisoners; they were only prevented from capturing the whole party by a deep ravine concealed

