
from view. One of these prisoners states that he saw a rebel cavalryman who was in the fight 25 miles west of Rome, who stated that the rebels were whipped badly.

Citizen Bailey returned from Ringgold yesterday. He states that he saw several long trains of troops passing through Ringgold, which (as he was informed) were going to Dalton. He also saw a long train of wagons which were being sent over Coosa River. After he left Ringgold he met about a regiment of infantry resting by the roadside; they also said they were going to Dalton. The general impression among he citizens was that Bragg was falling back to Rome and Atlanta, and that Breckinridge's command was left to bring up the rear. When he passed through La Fayette he saw only two or three regiments, and but one regiment (Morgan's) this side of La Fayette. All the information I have received this evening from my scouts and others induces the belief that there is no considerable rebel force this side of Dalton.

One of my scouts was at Nickajack Gap and all the gaps this side to-day. He met with several small scouting parties. He saw what he supposed was a regiment crossing the valley going southward. Unfortunately 2 of my citizen scouts were captured this morning.

I find in this settlement a number of Union-loving citizens who welcome our arrival. Agricultural products and water are abundant in this valley. The country through which the road passes is peculiarly well suited for ambuscades; innumerable bridle-paths branch off, sometimes leading up the mountain. It will consequently be very dangerous for small detachments or couriers to pass.

I have the honor to remain, yours, very truly,

JAS. S. NEGLEY,

Major-General.
HEADQUARTERS FOURTEENTH ARMY CORPS, Easley's, 7 Miles from Trenton, September 9, 1863.

Brig. General J. M. BRANNAN,Comdg. Third Division, Fourteenth Army Corps:

GENERAL: Major-General Thomas directs me to say that you will march your division at daylight to-morrow morning, close in upon General Reynolds, and with five days' rations and forage in your regimental wagons; your supply trains to follow those of General Reynolds, leaving a sufficient guard to protect it.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

S. C. KELLOGG,

Captain and Aide-de-Camp.
HEADQUARTERS FOURTH DIVISION FOURTEENTH CORPS, Cureton's Mill, September 9, 1863-6.30 p.m.

Lieutenant-Colonel GODDARD,Headquarters Department:

COLONEL: I, this morning (at day break), sent Colonel Atkins with Ninety-second Illinois Mounted Infantry up Lookout Valley with instructions to push on toward Chattanooga, and into the place, if possible. I am just in receipt of dispatch from him by special courier.*

---------------

*See p.487.

---------------

