
tion as compactly and securely as possible. General Willich will move this command forward with his division, and leave under your charge everything belonging to the cavalry command.

In moving trains to the front let the supply trains take the precedence, so as to get them as near the troops as possible. Take charge on the division trains as they are reported to you in the morning, and dispose of them to the best advantage, so that they can be defended and can be moved up the mountain in proper order. Send all supply trains up first in the same order as the divisions moved.

I am, colonel, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

G. P. THRUSTON,

Assistant Adjutant-General and Chief of Staff.

P. S. - The general thinks it best that Johnson's and Sheridan's trains should be left here, and the cavalry trains where they are until you are ready for them. As water is rather scarce at Winston's, orders will be given to that effect. General McCook will see you at Winston's early in the morning.

G. P. THRUSTON,

Assistant Adjutant-General and Chief of Staff.
HDQRS. FIRST DIVISION, TWENTIETH ARMY CORPS, September 9, 1863.

Colonel P. SIDNEY POST,Commanding First Brigade:

COLONEL: General Davis directs me to give you the following extract of instructions from corps headquarters, for your information and guidance:

It is further ordered that you post your remaining brigade, excepting one regiment of Lookout Mountain, in such a position as will best support you and protect your rear.

This brigade must be instructed to carefully watch and patrol all the roads on the mountain leading from the Alpine road. * * * The regiment excepted above will remain at Winston's to guard the artillery transportation and convalescents and commissary stores.

The general directs that you comply with the instructions above as soon as practicable.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

T. W. MORRISON,

Captain and Assistant Adjutant-General.
HEADQUARTERS ARMY OF THE CUMBERLAND, Trenton, Ga., September 9, 1863-1 a.m.

Major-General CRITTENDEN,Commanding Twenty-first Army Corps:

The general commanding approves the two reconnaissances which you have ordered. He directs you in addition to hold you whole command in readiness to move around the point of Lookout Mountain to seize and occupy Chattanooga, if you learn that the enemy has withdrawn the bulk of his forces from it. A regiment of mounted infantry form the Fourteenth Army Corps has been ordered to ascend the mountain from near Trenton, and follow along the ridge till it joins your brigade, when it will report to your brigade commander and receive orders from him.

