
The general commanding directs you to move with caution, and not to throw your artillery around the point of Lookout Mountain till you become satisfied that the evacuation is not a ruse, and that there is not a force of the enemy too strong for your command. General Brannan has been ordered to hold his command in readiness to support you if necessary. Keep constant communication by signal between your headquarters and the column on the mountain.

Should you enter Chattanooga, you will immediately occupy the fortifications looking southward and eastward, and take possession of all iron-works, mills, and public stores. In that case you will at once order General Wagner to cross the river and join you with all the force under his command. Hold your command well in hand, and in case you occupy Chattanooga, take the most vigorous measures to prevent straggling and pillage.

Inclosed* please find further information of the enemy's movements from General Reynolds. Report frequently.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

J. A. GARFIELD,

Brigadier-General and Chief of Staff.
HEADQUARTERS DEPARTMENT OF THE CUMBERLAND, Trenton, Ga., September 9, 1863-2.30 a.m.

Major-General CRITTENDEN,Commanding Twenty-first Army Corps:

GENERAL: The general commanding directs me to acknowledge receipt of your dispatches inclosing Wood's and Wagner's reports, and orders to General Wood, and to say that the orders you have received will govern you; Wood can support the movement of the others, and that it is probable that you will have Chattanooga

to-morrow.

Respectfully,your obedient servant,

F. S. BOND,

Major and Aide-de-Camp.
HEADQUARTERS DEPARTMENT OF THE CUMBERLAND, Trenton, Ga., September 9, 1863-3.30 a.m.

Major-General CRITTENDEN,Commanding Twenty-first Army Corps:

A dispatch from Brigadier-General Wagner, dated September 8, 8.30 p.m., is just received, stating that the rebels have evacuated Chattanooga, and he will occupy it in the morning. Throw your whole command forward (with five days' rations) without delay, and make a vigorous pursuit. General Wagner's force has been ordered to join you. By the time your command is in motion you will receive detailed orders. Put your whole train in readiness to move, but take with your column only the smallest number of wagons necessary for five days' march; this must include a good supply of ammunition.

Very respectfully,your obedient servant,

J. A. GARFIELD,

Brigadier-General and Chief of Staff.

---------------

*See p.450.

---------------

