
Send General Burnside a full statement of the condition of affairs in this quarter, by a squad of Colonel Minty's men, and request him to move down his cavalry and occupy the country; there can be no enemy in it.

The general says that in the advance now ordered, 100 rounds of ammunition and the regimental trains with at least five day's provisions will be sufficient. Direct your troops to be very careful of their ammunition.

Respectfully, your obedient servant,

H. THRALL,

Captain and Aide-de-Camp.
HEADQUARTERS TWENTY-FIRST ARMY CORPS, Chattanooga (in our possession), September 9, 1863-12.30 p.m.

Brigadier-General GARFIELD,Chief of Staff, Department of the Cumberland:

SIR: I have the honor to inform you that I am now in peaceable possession of this place. I have put General Wood in command. His two brigades are here, and General Wagner has just arrived to arrange about crossing his command. Generals Palmer and Van Cleve are on the road, and all, I hope, will be up by night.

My information (thus far very limited) reports that the rebel infantry that were left yesterday morning and the cavalry this morning. I will report further as soon as I can ascertain facts.

T. L. CRITTENDEN,

Major-General, Commanding.
HEADQUARTERS TWENTY-FIRST ARMY CORPS, Chattanooga, September 9, 1863-12 p.m.

Brigadier-General GARFIELD,Chief of Staff, Department of the Cumberland:

SIR: I sent you a few lines from the top of the spur in sight of Chattanooga, and again at 12.30 reported my being in peaceable possession of this place. The troops across the river I learn cannot cross to-day. I have ordered Generals Palmer and Van Cleve to turn off at the spur of the mountain and take up position at Rossville. If it 2 miles from the spur and 5 from this place and on the road to La Fayette, over which the main rebel army is reported to have retreated.

I have heard from Colonel Grose. He was at Summertown at 12, and all safe. I have not yet heard from General Beatty. Shall I order no further orders from you, as you stated I would in your dispatch reporting the evacuation.

There are various rumors of Bragg having stated that the just wanted to get us in here, that he is not far off, &amp;c., but I am not a bit scared.

I am, sir, respectfully, your obedient servant,

T. L. CRITTENDEN,

Major-Genera, Commanding.

