
2.15 p.m.

I have this moment received your order of 8 a.m. I am quite sure that it will be impossible for me to advance farther than Rosseville to-night unless I leave my ammunition train. The road over the spur of the mountain is very bad for wagons and artillery. I inclose you note from General Hazen. General Wagner is now crossing. I have ordered Colonel Wilder, who is also here, to cross, and Hazen has been ordered from Poe's, distant 12 miles.

Minty is still at Smith's Cross-Roads. He states the probability of the enemy's crossing there in much stronger terms than Hazen. I have, therefore, declined sending him any orders. The other three brigades, Wagner says, will cross to-night. I hope to hear from the general commanding at an early hour, particularly in regard to Minty.

T. L. C.

[Inclosure.]
HEADQUARTERS, ETC., Poe's, September 9, 1863- 6 a.m.

General WAGNER:

Your note of 10 p.m. yesterday is just received. I am of the opinion the rebels will cross if they are permitted. It has been their tactics always to do so, and I know they have intended to do so now, and as Minty fears.

They can be prevented if they attempt, and I think will be. I will go up myself to-day to learn all I can about it. They are not crossing yet. I consider his information as very inconclusive as to their intention.

If we are to cross we can hardly spare all of Wilder's command, as it will be too dangerous to cross infantry and artillery in boats until the country is thoroughly reconnoitered.

The Fifth Georgia Cavalry was at Harrison yesterday, with other cavalry in the neighborhood, with Buckner's corps at Ooltewah and a portion of Bragg's army at or near Tyner's. It will not do to place the river between us and much of a force until we are pretty sure that they are beyond striking distance, unless we have cavalry to feel well in our front. I am all ready to cross.

Respectfully,W. B. HAZEN,

Brigadier-General.

HDQR. FIRST BRIG., FOURTH DIV.,14TH ARMY CORPS, Friar's Island, September 9, 1863-10 p.m.

Captain OLDERSHAW,

Assistant Adjutant-General:

I respectfully report that two of my regiments at 1 o'clock to-day had driven the First Georgia Cavalry away from this vicinity with only a slight skirmish. They left in the direction of Ringgold, Ga. The force consists of Pegram's and Scott's brigades with one battery. Deserters say they were ordered to report at Ringgold

to-night.

Stewart's division left Ooletwah yesterday morning at 1 a.m. in same direction; citizens, deserters, and negroes all say that Forrest left here Monday night for Rome to assist Wheeler.

