
I cannot get across the river before to-morrow in the afternoon. My train is on the mountain and Wagner is occupying the road. I will try to get supplies down and five days issued in the morning. The roads to the river and out again have to be built before we can cross.

I am, sir, very truly, your obedient servant,

JOHN T. WILDER,

Colonel, Commanding.

September 10, 1863-7 a.m.

P. S. - We are busy crossing this morning. No signs of the enemy through the night. A scout of ours just in reports Burnside across the river, 15 miles above here. This is likely what Colonel Minty has thought to be the enemy.

The dispatch of the 9th was sent before 10 p.m. last evening.

J. T. WILDER,

Colonel, Commanding Brigade.
HEADQUARTERS DEPARTMENT OF THE CUMBERLAND, Trenton, Ga., September 9, 1863-3.30 a.m.

Brig. General G. D. WAGNER,Sequatchie Valley:

GENERAL: Your dispatch of 8.30 p.m. yesterday is at hand. General Crittenden has been ordered to occupy Chattanooga in the morning early, and to push forward in vigorous pursuit. The general commanding directs you to cross the river immediately with all the force under your command in the Sequatche Valley, and report to General Crittenden, to join in the pursuit. Supply your command with five day's rations, take only what ammunition and other trains you need for light and rapid movement, and leave the remainder to cross at their leisure and join the trains of the corps.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

C. GODDARD,

Lieutenant-Colonel and Assistant Adjutant-General.

HEADQUARTERS FIRST BRIGADE, SECOND DIVISION, Wednesday, September 9, 1863.

Captain MUHLEMAN;

CAPTAIN: The following information derived from a prisoner, or rather deserter, picked up by my forces this evening, may be of interest:

H. B. Porter, private, Forty-first Alabama Infantry, Colonel Stansel commanding, of Helm's brigade, Breckinridge's division, says that Helm's brigade consists of Second, Fourth, Sixth, and Ninth Kentucky, and Forty-first Alabama Infantry and Cobb's (Kentucky) battery. His brigade was in the last battle at Jackson, Miss., in General Joseph E. Johnston's army. After the battle at Jackson his brigade marched back to Morton, Miss., and went into camp, and there lay some weeks. His command was shipped on the cars at Morton on Friday or Saturday of week before last, and reached the vicinity of Chattanooga, going by way of Mobile, on Thursday

