
last. His brigade was the last that left. He thinks all Johnston's army came except one brigade, which was sent to Charleston, S. C. His brigade stopped 4 or 5 miles out Chattanooga, lay there on Friday and Saturday of last week, and Sunday afternoon marched into Chattanooga.

On Monday night left Chattanooga on the retreat. Rumor in his regiment, he says, fixed the number of troops Johnston brought from Mississippi at 20,000. He can say nothing as to the accuracy of this. At time he left the Forty-first Alabama had over 300 and less than 400 solders. His company and regimental officers told him that all the officers' horses of the brigade and the battery had been captured by our forces near Rome. His field officers were afoot, and battery had no horses. He says the horses were sent by land across to Rome. He says great disquietude exits among the Alabama troops, and that they are deserting rapidly.

CHARLES CRUFT,

Brigadier-General, Commanding.

[Indorsement.]
HEADQUARTERS TWENTY-FIRST ARMY CORPS, Chattanooga, September 10, 1863.

Respectfully forwarded.

From the best information I can get, Breckinridge's division and Walker's brigade are the only troops from Johnston's army that came to re-enforce Bragg.

T. L. CRITTENDEN,Major-General, Commanding.
HEADQUARTERS TWENTY-FIRST ARMY CORPS, Chattanooga, September 9.1863-10.45 p.m.

Major-General PALMER,

Commanding Second Division:

SIR: The general commanding directs me to inform you that he is anxiously awaiting your report of to-day's proceedings, stating, among other things, if Colonel Grose and his command have come up. Until he receives this information he can give no order for

to-morrow's march. The general sent you word by Captain McCook to report as soon as practicable by couriers, which you were to post between here and your headquarters, and he is unwilling to believe that you have neglected this, and fears they may have lost their way or been captured.

Send word also to General Van Cleve to report, stating whether General Beatty and Colonel Dick have rejoined him.

General Hazen, when he crosses, will be ordered to report to you. What arrangement have you made for his five day's rations?

Respectfully, your obedient servant,

P. P. OLDERSHAW,

Captain and Assistant Adjutant-General.

P. S. - Important: State your latest information as to the road or roads the enemy has taken.

32 R R-VOL XXX, PT III

