HEADQUARTERS, Poe's, September 9, 1863-6 a.m.

Lieutenant Colonel C. GODDRAD,Assistant Adjutant-General:

The Fifth Georgia Cavalry was at Harrison yesterday and last night. For nearly a day previous there was no troops at all on the river bank, the infantry being all withdrawn. Pegram's brigade, to which this regiment belongs, appeared along the river yesterday, and it is probable that Scott's is near also.

We have two boats at the mouth of the Chickamauga completed, and everything is in readiness to cross as soon as it will be reasonable to do so. A note was received from General Wood a day or two since urging that a crossing be made at the earliest possible moment. This will certainly be done. Yesterday, however, Buckner's corps was at Ooltewah, and much of Bragg's command at or near Tyner's, with forces of cavalry in direct communication with them and the river. Everybody is active and ready for any service. Citizens from above still report that the able-bodied negroes have been ordered to be sent to Macon.

Buckner has two divisions of two brigades each. He was packed yesterday morning ready for a move.

Minty receives reports that enemy's cavalry will attempt soon to cross, to raid in our rear, on boats, or a bridge made of them, now up the Hiwassee. I shall go there to-day in person, and endeavor to learn all the facts about it. I have already directed Colonel Minty to hold his artillery and a sufficient force of other troops ready to move to any points threatened, and will endeavor to take such steps as will prevent the crossing,should it be contemplated.

I am, very respectfully,

W. B. HAZEN,

Brigadier-General.

I have troops now at the crossing, ready to cross as soon as it is advisable.
HDQRS. THIRD DIVISION, TWENTY-FIRST ARMY CORPS, September 9,1863-4.15 p.m.

Brigadier-General BEATTY:

We go to Rossville, 3 miles from cross-roads.

H. P. VAN CLEVE,

Brigadier-General, Commanding Third Division.
HEADQUARTERS SIGNAL STATION, Lookout Mountain, September 9,1863-11.30 a.m.

General GARFIELD,

Chief of Staff:

I have reached here without difficulty, and am now on the way to Summertown. Citizens report that the rebel pickets left here yesterday.

BEATTY,

Brigadier-General, Commanding Brigade.

