HEADQUARTERS DEPARTMENT OF THE CUMBERLAND, Trenton, Ga., September 9, 1863.

Major-General GRANGER, Nashville, or on the move:

Chattanooga is ours, Our movement on the enemy's flank and rear goes on. You will at once relieve General King, and order him to join General Thomas be the Moore's Gap road and Trenton Valley to Easley's, then to report to General Thomas. Tell him to have everything ready to move to-morrow morning. Assume command of everything on the other side of the river, put the two bridges in order at Bridgeport, encamp a brigade this side of the river and let them at once complete a small redan or priest-cap protection to this end of the bridge,m and run a flanking lien of rifle-pits on the island opposite your bridge-head. See to the collection of corn to supply the trains of the supply trains that will meet them. Put everything in such order that I can bring you forward and send a man less necessary in the front, where I shall want you. Require your command to get their transportation and be ready to move forward at once on receipt of orders. Paine ought to go to McMinnville, and a very small garrison left at Gallatin. The Tennessee troops should march to Jasper as soon as practicable, and there take post until I can relive them by an exchange with Burnside, or bring them to Chattanooga. Let the railroad guards be in charge of Gillem or some other competent officer, who, under the inspection system lately ordered, will keep them secure. Report daily and fully. Bend every energy to the prompt execution of these things. Take care of Caperton's Ferry pontoon-bridge.

W. S. ROSECRANS,Major-General, Commanding.

NASHVILLE, September 9, 1863.

General GORDON GRANGER:

The number of cars furnished by the Louisville and Nashville Railroad for transportation of Government freight will average about 21 cars per day, of which 9 to 12 have been filled with commissary stores. This is exclusive of cattle which are shipped by the conductors. It will require at least 20 cars per day for commissary stores alone. This will feed the army, but leave no surplus. There should be at least 60 cars per day for transportation of Government stores. The Nashville and Chattanooga Railroad, with a limited amount of rolling stock, furnishes 65 cars per day. I will write you to-morrow.

WM. C. RUSSELL,

Captain and Assistant Adjutant-General.
HEADQUARTERS SECOND DIVISION RESERVE CORPS, Stevenson, Ala., September 9, 1863.

Colonel DANIEL McCOOK, Comdg. Second Brigade:

The general commanding directs that you move with your command

to-morrow morning early to Bridgeport, and there await further orders.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,T. WISEMAN,

Captain and Assistant Adjutant-General.

