
XLII.
HEADQUARTERS FOURTEENTH ARMY CORPS,Decherd, August 16, 1863.

Major-General REYNOLDS,

Commanding Fourth Division:

GENERAL: I have the honor to inclose you a copy of orders for the movement of the troops of the department.* The general commanding desires you to read them carefully, so as to know what your division and Brannan's are to do. The Third Division (Brannan's) has been ordered to report and receive marching orders from you.

Establish communication by couriers between your headquarters and the corps headquarters, in the neighborhood of Stevenson, selecting a sufficient number of mounted infantry from wilder's brigade for couriers, say two companies.

Select a regiment commanded by a reliable officer, to garrison Tracy City as that depot is of great importance; instruct the commanding officer to be vigilant.

There are rations at the depot in Decherd, I understand, sufficient to supply your command with three days' rations, should you require them. Colonel Mackay reports forage on hand in your division for four days' full or eight days' half forage, founded on report of your quartermaster late last evening.

Captain Gaw, chief of topographical engineers, will report to you and accompany you to the Sequatchie Valley, where he will join these headquarters.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

GEO. E. FLYNT,

Assistant Adjutant-General and Chief of Staff.
HDQRS. FOURTH DIVISION, FOURTEENTH ARMY CORPS,August 16, 1863-4.30 a.m.

[Colonel FLYNT:]

Yours of 2 a.m. received. General Reynolds instructs me to answer. One regiment of the First Brigade moves early this morning to Tracy City, upon instructions received early last evening from department headquarters. The other regiments will be ready as ordered. Instructions will be sent the brigades at and near University (when received at 8. a.m.), if necessary. We are out of forage.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

JOHN LEVERING,

Major and Assistant Adjutant-General.
HDQRS. FOURTH DIVISION, FOURTEENTH ARMY CORPS,University Place, August 16, 1863-7 p.m.

Lieutenant-Colonel FLYNT:

COLONEL: Troops are here. Train has difficulty in getting up the mountain on account of to-day's heavy rain; will not all probably get up to-night. Have orders Eighty-ninth Ohio, Colonel Carlton, to proceed to Tracy City to-morrow and remain there.

---------------

* See p. 35.

---------------

