
have sent scouts to-day toward Charleston, to, if possible, discover the position of the enemy in that direction. The reports which I have collected from citizens and deserters confirm Colonel Byrd's report of there being three brigades of cavalry above the Hiwassee.

I am, respectfully, your obedient servant,

R. H. G. MINTY,

Colonel, Commanding.

CUMBERLAND GAP, TENN., September 9, 1863.

(Received 8.50 p. m.., 10th.)

Major General H. W. HALLECK, General-in-Chief:

I have telegraphed you of our movements up to the occupation of Knoxville by our forces. Since then a cavalry force has been sent to the mountain gaps on the border of North Carolina in pursuit of an Indian force under Colonel Thomas; another in the direction of Athens; another up the railroad to within a few miles of Bristol, capturing some 3 locomotives and 20-odd cars; and a fourth, composed of two regiments of infantry and two of cavalry, I brought to this place in person to re-enforce General Shackelford, who was here with three regiments of cavalry, Colonel De Courcy being on the Kentucky side with a brigade which I started in that direction before leaving Kentucky. The infantry regiments marched from Knoxville to this place (60 miles) in fifty-two hours. The garrison here, consisting of over 2,000 men and fourteen pieces of artillery, made an unconditional surrender about 3 p. m. to-day without a fight.

My forces in East Tennessee are now distributed as follows: A division of infantry at Loudon, with a mounted brigade in the direction of Athens; a brigade of infantry at Knoxville and vicinity; a brigade of cavalry and one regiment of infantry on the border from beyond Sevierville to beyond Jonesborough, and along the line of the railroad; a brigade of cavalry and two regiments of infantry here; also De Courcy's brigade of two regiments of infantry, 800 mounted men, and a battery. I have directed the Ninth Corps to move down in this direction as rapidly as possible.

I shall remain here until tomorrow afternoon, and will be glad to hear from you. In the mean time telegraph will be put in operation to Knoxville as soon as possible.

A. E. BURNSIDE,

Major-General, Commanding.

General ROSECRANS:

The above just sent to General Halleck. I leave for Knoxville tomorrow afternoon, and would be glad to hear from you in the mean time.

A. E. BURNSIDE,

Major-General.

CUMBERLAND GAP, September 9, 1863.

General POTTER:

This place surrendered this afternoon to our forces. Please report the position and condition of your corps. How soon can you be at this place?

