
Military discipline and regularity will, as far as practicable, be introduced into these camps, and moderate labor enforced.

By order of Major General S. A. Hurlbut:

HENRY BINMORE,

Assistant Adjutant-General.
SPECIAL ORDERS, HDQRS. SIXTEENTH ARMY CORPS,Numbers 217. Memphis, Tenn., September 10, 1863.

I. It having been ascertained that an inroad was made by certain persons claiming to be Confederate soldiers upon the towns of Murray and Mayfield, within the District of Columbus, by which inroads large amounts of property were stolen from Union men in those neighborhoods with the connivance, aid, and consent of disloyal persons residing within our lines, and hitherto protected by the United States, it is therefore ordered that Brigadier General A. J. Smith, commanding the District of Columbus, do at once proceed to ascertain the amount thus taken, and to assess the said amount, with 50 percent. added, upon the most wealthy and notorious sympathizers, and collect the same at short notice, and out of the proceeds pay the several claims so ascertained, and retain the surplus to be applied for the use and benefit of the Union refugees coming within our lines.

II. In case of similar outrages committed within said district, Brigadier-General Smith will at once proceed on proper information to apply the same remedies.

III. Persons engaged in such raids, whether claiming to be Confederate officers and soldiers or not, will not be treated as prisoners of war, but be tried by military commission as robbers, or for such other crimes as they may have committed.

By order of Major General S. A. Hurlbut:

HENRY BINMORE,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

GERMANTOWN, September 10, 1863.

Brigadier-General GRIERSON:

In compliance with orders from Brigadier-General Carr, I have started south with troops of Second and Third Brigades.

EDWARD HATCH,

Colonel, Commanding.

CORINTH, September 10, 1863.

Major-General HURLBUT,

Commanding Department, Memphis:

I want 282 horses for the cavalry at this place and 450 for the cavalry at La Grange.

Scout sent east met strong pickets of Roddey's men near Iuka, who got in their rear, blockaded the ford of Yellow Creek, and tried to cut them off. There seems to be a general demonstration from the enemy along the whole line. Have not yet heard from the party sent to Guntown and Baldwyn. Hatch has gone to meet Richardson with 2,500 men from La Grange and Germantown. Will rendezvous at Mount Pleasant.

E. A. CARR,

Brigadier-General.

