
not yet up. The general is now up the mountain superintending the movement of the trains, which will account for the irregularity of my writing this note. He suggests the propriety of General Thomas not moving his headquarters until in the afternoon, as it will take the greater part of the day for this command to get up. Before that time the jam here in the valley will be so great that the general would find it very unpleasant. Everything is being done to expedite our ascent up the mountain.

I am, colonel, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

B. H. POLK,

Captain and Assistant Adjutant-General.
HDQRS. SECOND DIVISION, FOURTEENTH ARMY CORPS,Stevens' Gap, Ga., September 10, 1863.

Brigadier-General BAIRD,

Commanding First Division:

SIR: Two of my most reliable scouts have just returned and report the following information as reliable:

Cleburne's, Cheatham's, and French's divisions left Chattanooga on Monday evening, at 7 p. m., marched 12 miles, and reached La Fayette on Tuesday evening and night. The intention was to resist our advance toward La Fayette. General Martin's brigade of cavalry was at La Fayette, and was still there yesterday. The scouts saw the divisions mentioned on the march, but they are not confident that they halted at La Fayette, but were informed by citizens that they moved on to the support of Wheeler against McCook.

All the information I have from other sources confirms the report that there is not more than a brigade of cavalry at La Fayette. But I would suggest, general, that you push forward your division within supporting distance.

The road is heavily blockaded 4 miles south of this, and it is beyond that point that the enemy proposed to give battle when they left Chattanooga. These scouts also confirm the report that our cavalry defeated the rebels at Summerville on Monday; also that there was but one division left at Chattanooga. Also that Bragg's army is rapidly falling back to Dalton and Rome, possibly to Atlanta. They overheard a colonel in Cheatham's division say that they expected to overwhelm and destroy some of our advanced divisions. My division will march at 8 a. m.

General, have the kindness to forward this communication to General Thomas for his information.

I have the honor to be,

JAS. S. NEGLEY,

Major-General.
HDQRS. SECOND DIV., FOURTEENTH ARMY CORPS,Widow Davis', near Chickamauga Creek,

September 10, 1863-9.30 p. m.

Brigadier-General BAIRD,

Comdg. First Division, Fourteenth Army Corps:

GENERAL: There are indications of a superior force of the enemy being in position near Dug Gap. Another column, estimated as a

