
Third Brigade (Turchin's) moves at 6 in the morning for Sweeden's Cove. Second Brigade (King's) and division headquarters will follow as early as possible, depending upon our success in getting forward the train to-night.

Wilder's brigade will move from here to Tracy City to-morrow, that being considered the best route for him. He will have eight days' rations, and will be governed by the general instructions from department headquarters, of which I have furnished him a copy, unless he receives others.

Please direct General Brannan to start early, and make this point to-morrow. Sweeden's Cove is about 10 miles from here, and I expect my advance brigade to be near there to-morrow night.

J. J. REYNOLDS,

Major-General.
HEADQUARTERS DEPARTMENT OF THE CUMBERLAND,Winchester, Tenn., August 16, 1863.

Brigadier General R. W. JOHNSON:

GENERAL: I have the honor to call your attention to the following extract from the letter of advice accompanying the semi-monthly inspection report of Captain A. T. Snodgrass, inspector of the Third Brigade of your division.

General Orders, Numbers 40, 1862, Department of the Cumberland, is very little regarded. Animals are unnecessarily ill-treated by teamsters and others when not on duty. Fast driving by officers and men with Government horses is universal. Officers who have authority to arrest such offenders do not do it. This evil calls for special attention. Quartermasters need to have their memory refreshed in regard to this.

The general commanding directs that you take the necessary steps to correct the evils complained of, either through provost-marshals or by such other means as you may deem best.

By command of Major-General Rosecrans:

[C. GODDARD,

Assistant Adjutant-General.]
HDQRS. FIRST DIVISION, TWENTIETH ARMY CORPS,Winchester, August 16, 1863.

Colonel H. C. HEG,

Commanding Third Brigade:

COLONEL: I have the honor to state that instructions have been received from corps headquarters ordering an advance of the troops of this division at 2. p.m. to-morrow (17th instant). General Davis directs that you prepare your command to move with three days' cooked rations in the men's haversacks. Detailed instructions in regard to the route, order of march, &amp;c., will be given. The command will move with the allowance of transportation, &c., prescribed in General Orders, Numbers 171, Department of the Cumberland.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

T. W. MORRISON,

Captain and Assistant Adjutant-General.

