
division, with twelve pieces of artillery, near Morgan's Mill, 3 miles to my left in the direction of Catlett's Gap. Also a cavalry force, under Forrest, at Culp's Mill, near the road from Pond Spring to Cooper's Gap, there with the intention (as citizens and deserters report) of attacking our rear in the morning. My scouts all report the appearance of an offensive movement in this direction, and they confirm the reports I received this morning of a considerable force of the enemy being in the vicinity of La Fayette and Dug Gap.

My position is somewhat advanced and exposed to a flank approach by two roads leading from Catlett's Gap; but it is a favorable one to fight the enemy, providing your division is within supporting distance, which I understood from General Thomas would be the case, and that your division would move up to Chickamauga Creek to-night. Please inform me if this will be the case. Have the kindness to send this information to General Thomas to-night.

I have the honor to remain, yours, very truly,

JAS. S. NEGLEY,

Major-General.

[Indorsement.]

Received 10.50 at Stevens'Gap. Starkweather here; Scribner with four regiments just arriving much fatigued. We will march toward Negley at 3 a. m. whether I hear of Reynolds or not, but I think it would be better, these reports being probable, if Negley would fall back here. The road is clear for Reynolds, but his artillery cannot come down the mountain to-night. Some of Scribner's caissons broke down.

Most respectfully, &amp;c.,

A. BAIRD,

Brigadier-General.
HEADQUARTERS FOURTEENTH ARMY CORPS,Foot of the Mountain, September 10, 1863-9 p. m.

Brigadier General J. A. GARFIELD,

Chief of Staff:

GENERAL: I have just returned from General Negley's division in front of Dug Gap, or 1 mile west of Dug Gap, which place has been heavily obstructed by the enemy, and which is also occupied by a strong picket line; could not discover what force they have supporting their pickets. An officer of the Thirty-second Mississippi who was on picket guard lost his way, came into our pickets, and was captured. He was not very communicative, but was generous enough to advise General Negley not to advance or he would get severely whipped. It was also reported to General Negley by citizens that a large force of the enemy were endeavoring to flank his position by moving through Catlett's Gap. Having no cavalry, he was unable to ascertain whether this report was true or not, but before I reached his headquarters he had already disposed his troops to meet an attack on his left flank.

I also ordered General Baird to move to-night with his troops to his support, leaving his wagons to follow him tomorrow under a sufficient guard. General Reynolds will also move at daylight tomorrow to support Baird's left, and Brannan will move at 8 o'clock

