
CIRCULAR.] HDQRS. THIRD DIV., TWENTIETH ARMY CORPS,

Camp on Little River, September 10, 1863.

The division will move tomorrow morning at 5 o'clock promptly in the following order:

First, Colonel Bradley's brigade; second, Colonel Laiboldt's brigade; third, General Lytle's brigade; fourth, ammunition train; fifth, ambulance train; sixth, headquarters trains.

General Lytle will place two regiments and one section of artillery in the rear of the trains as rear guard. Reveille will be sounded at 3 a. m.

By command of Major-General Sheridan:

GEORGE LEE,

Captain and Assistant Adjutant-General.
HEADQUARTERS TWENTY-FIRST ARMY CORPS,Office Provost-Marshal, September 10, 1863.

Colonel STARLING,

Chief of Staff:

COLONEL: I have the honor to report the following information received this morning from First Sergt. Charles Gregor, Third Regiment, Alabama Cavalry, attached to headquarters of General Martin:

Army commenced leaving late Saturday night [5th]. Heavy guns were removed Sunday afternoon; moved on the Atlanta, Ga., road. Heard General Martin say would endeavor to hold Rome, for if they would not hold that point, would lose their main depot for stores, manufactures, and supplies. Their arsenal is situated at Rome. This place is not fortified. Selma, Ala., is strongly fortified with heavy guns and will contest it strongly. Mobile is being fortified. Was there ten days ago. Great panic among the people. With reference to the rebel force, as near as he could learn, was 60,000. Bragg had 40,000, and was re-enforced from General Johnston's command by 20,000. Officers and men have lost confidence in Bragg, and General Martin says General Johnston will take command at Atlanta. Desertions will be numerous. Their supplies are limited and rely upon the present crops.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

KALDENBAUGH,

Provost-Marshal.
HDQRS. FIRST Brigadier FOURTH DIV., 14TH ARMY CORPS,September 10, 1863-7 p. m.

Captain OLDERSHAW,

Assistant Adjutant-General, Twenty-first Army Corps:

My command is camped at Parker's Gap, 6 miles south of Ooltewah and 5 miles north of Ringgold. I can go through Parker's Gap of White Oak Mountain and strike the Dalton road 3 miles beyond Ringgold in the morning. I learn that a small rebel force was in Ringgold at 3 o'clock with two pieces of artillery. Belong to Pegram. Are not over two regiments strong. I can, if desired, go to Red Clay, midway between Cleveland and Dalton, and go to

