
nor because I credit it (for this I do not), but because, if true, it should be known; and perhaps either General Crittenden or General Rosecrans may have some information which may corroborate or refute it.

Two deserters from Stewart's division, who came in this evening, say their division and Buckner's left Graysvillle yesterday morning; that the night before they were ordered to cook four days' rations, and it was commonly said they were going to Rome. They corroborate the information we had some ten days or more since, of the movement of troops from Chattanooga to upper East Tennessee. They say Stewart's division was sent to Loudon Bridge.

Respectfully, &amp;c.,

TH. J. WOOD,

Brigadier-General of Volunteers, Commanding.

P. S.- We have picked up some 10 deserters to-day. Having been in rear, of course only a few reached me.
HEADQUARTERS DEPARTMENT OF THE CUMBERLAND,Chattanooga, September 10, 1863-11.15 p. m.

Brigadier-General WOOD,

Commanding First Division:

Your dispatch of 7.30 p. m. is received. The story of the contraband is in the highest degree improbable, but in view of the fact that both in a former report of yours and in one of General Palmer's it was stated that a force of cavalry was on the road leading from Rossville direct to La Fayette, and the consequent danger of its returning to that place and disturbing the communication of General Crittenden's column with this place, and in view of the additional fact that General Thomas' column has not reached the neighborhood of La Fayette, the general commanding directs you immediately to move a brigade and battery back to Rossville, and post it in advance of the pass, so as to command the La Fayette road, and in the morning to make a reconnaissance out on the La Fayette road far enough to ascertain whether there be any force threatening our communication. Order this movement to be made silently and at once. A copy of this order has been sent to General Crittenden, and also one to General Palmer.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

J. A. GARFIELD,

Brigadier-General and Chief of Staff.

CHATTANOOGA, September 10, 1863.

General GARFIELD:

The bearer, Mr. Patten, reports a body of rebel cavalry cut off by our forces near Kelley's Ferry, and that they were trying to get across the river to-day. I think it is doubtful, but still report it.

Your obedient servant,

G. D. WAGNER,

Brigadier-General.

