HDQRS. FIRST DIVISION, TWENTY-FIRST ARMY CORPS,Chickamauga Bridge, September 10, 1863.

Major General J. M. PALMER,

Commanding Second Division:

GENERAL: I can very easily move, so as to be near to you, provided your trains do not impede the road. I would suggest that your trains be ready to move as early as your troops move, and that they keep closed up in the shortest possible space. If this is not done we shall have a terribly long string. Do you hear anything of the enemy on our right? I hear he is not far off.

Respectfully, your obedient servant,

TH. J. WOOD,

Brigadier-General of Volunteers, Commanding.
HEADQUARTERS TWENTY-FIRST ARMY CORPS,Chattanooga, September 10, 1863-3.15 a. m.

(Received 5.15 a. m.)

Major-General PALMER,

Commanding Second Division, Rossville:

SIR: The general commanding directs that so soon as you receive this order you start as quickly as possible and pursue the enemy with the utmost vigor. Attack his rear whenever you can do so with a fair opportunity to inflict injury upon him. You will order your train to follow your line of march under a sufficient escort. Should your train not yet be up, it must not delay your march. You will take the road to Dalton, via Ringgold. General McCook marches on Alpine and Summerville, and General Thomas on La Fayette. Should Colonel Wilder succeed in crossing the river by morning, he will be sent also in pursuit on your left, and probably via Ooltewah. Should the enemy make a stand in such force as to make it imprudent for you to attack him, take up a favorable position for defense and advise me promptly at this place, where I shall probably await information from you. Establish your courier posts as you advance, and report every three hours if nothing occurs. Brigadier-General Wood, with two brigades, will leave at 6 a. m. and march in same direction, via Rossville. Communicate with him promptly should you need his force.

I send this same order to General Van Cleve, who will accompany you, and you must keep these divisions well closed up, starting at the same time.

General Hazen will be ordered to rejoin you so soon as he crosses the river, and by the most direct road to Dalton.

I am, sir, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

P. P. OLDERSHAW,

Captain and Assistant Adjutant-General.

P. S.- One hundred rounds of ammunition and the regimental trains, with at least five days' provisions, will be sufficient. Send back word the minute you start.

P. P. O.,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

