
WINCHESTER, TENN., August 16, 1863.

Major-General SHERIDAN,

Stevenson, Ala.:

The general commanding wishes you to pick out a good headquarters camp, shady and out of sight as much as possible. Our train will move to-morrow, and the general commanding Tuesday morning by cars.

FRANK S. BOND,

Major and Aide-de-Camp.

STEVENSON, August 16, 1863-10.30 a.m.

Brigadier General J. A. GARFIELD:

I send you latest news from Bridgeport. I did regard the demonstration as amounting to much. They were cooking rations, and possibly may be moving down the river road. They were ordered to cook two days' rations. I am still of the impression that they are moving off, but have no additional information.

P. H. SHERIDAN,

Major-General.

[Inclosure.]

BRIDGEPORT, August 16, 1863.

[Captain GEORGE LEE,

Assistant Adjutant-General:]

With a glass last night we were all of the opinion that the rebels had a strong working party at the point named. A deserter, however, just swam across from the island (the color-bearer of the Seventh Mississippi), who says positively that they are not erecting works, and that they have nothing but Robertson's battery. Pike has gone out to Battle Creek on a scout. He drifted on a dug-out down the river last night and heard, he says, drums in that direction. The deserter says the men last night were probably cooking rations. If the group appears again may Sutermeister try a couple of shots with his Rodmans to test range and ammunition? All quiet.

W. H. LYTLE,

Brigadier-General.
HEADQUARTERS TWENTY-FIRST ARMY CORPS,Manchester, August 16, 1863-10 a.m.

Major General W. S. ROSECRANS:

The corps is under orders, and no doubt in motion. I find I have one company of mounted infantry, Thirty-ninth Indiana. I remain here until Monday morning. Will overtake General Palmer at Irving College Monday night, and be at Dunlap at the time fixed. Will do my best to execute your orders. I send this in cipher, so that I may know how it works.

T. L. CRITTENDEN,

Major-General, Commanding.

