
of the officer in charge of the train, Lieutenant Kelley, regimental quartermaster Ninth Indiana Volunteers, complete rolls of the service, so that the people rendering it (nearly all loyal) can be paid.

I am, respectfully,

W. B. HAZEN,

Brigadier-General.
HDQRS. THIRD DIVISION, TWENTY-FIRST ARMY CORPS,September 10, 1863-6 a. m.

General BEATTY,

Commanding First Brigade:

Put your command in readiness to march at once. You will take the advance. Send an aide to report when you are ready.

Very respectfully,

E. A. OTIS,

Assistant Adjutant-General.
HEADQUARTERS THIRD BRIGADE,Near Graysville, September 10, 1863.

Captain J. R. MUHLEMAN,

Assistant Adjutant-General, Second Division:

SIR: With two regiments and one section of artillery I advanced as far as Graysville, on the railroad and Chickamauga River, 5 miles from Ringgold, 22 from Dalton-fair road via that place to Ringgold. I found large mills, 200 to 300 bushels of wheat, some flour, about 200 army buckets, some corn; the latter we took, the other three items are there. We found and destroyed a large amount of gun-stocks, bayonet-scabbards, &amp;c., partly manufactured. The machinery, mill, and all remain there (Gray's property).

We learned from the few citizens there that the forces of Buckner and Walker passed that route. Most of them left there on the La Fayette road. The artillery that passed yesterday all went that route. Two pieces with a couple of small brigades of infantry left there this morning on the river road for Ringgold. A large amount of cavalry left there to-day, the last since noon. Most of that went toward La Fayette. Buckner passed there yesterday toward the latter place. I sent you the 7 volunteer prisoners that came to us there. Gray's establishment is the one that has manufactured the celebrated Mexican lance of Governer Brown, a sample now at division headquarters. The telegraph up, apparently in good order. There may be other things there that we had not time to discover. A few cavalry appeared beyond the place. A few random shots were fired. We returned to camp at night 1 1/4 miles from the place.

I am, most respectfully,

W. GROSE,

Colonel, Commanding Brigade.

BRIDGEPORT, September 10, 1863-10 a. m.

Major-General ROSECRANS:

Arrived last night with Mr. Dana, Assistant Secretary off War en route to join you to-day. King will be relieved at once and

