
COLONEL CLOUD'S STORE,

On Road from Ringgold to La Fayette, along east

Foot of Missionary Ridge, 5 Miles from Gordon's

Mills and 3 Miles from Rossville,

September 11, 1863-2.40 p. m.

Colonel GODDARD,

Assistant Adjutant-General:

COLONEL: I have not yet reached Colonel Harker's brigade, of Wood's division, which is close to Gordon's Mills. I find at this store a wounded prisoner of the Third Arkansas Cavalry, Armstrong's brigade, of Forrest's division of cavalry, who is shot through the body by a minie ball and will hardly live. On being interrogated he told me, with every appearance of entire sincerity, that two brigades of cavalry, his own and one he thinks of Pegram's, encamped 1 1/2 miles south of this on La Fayette road last night. He says positively that at the same time two divisions of infantry, Cheatham's, and, he thinks, Hindman's, encamped at Gordon's Mills; whether they were there his morning or not he does not know, but the cavalry, he says, has not left, except to fall back as Colonel Harker's brigade advanced this morning. He is so weak that I cannot get many details from him.

His brigade left Kingston and went through Ringgold to Summerville, thence to La Fayette, and Thence, evening before last or yesterday morning, to Gordon's Mills; their pickets were one-quarter mile north of this last night, at the point where two of General Crittenden's escorts were captured early this a. m. Another road to Ringgold turns off 1 mile north of this; distance from there to Ringgold 10 miles. It is better than the direct road from Rossville, but there is no bridge across the creek; fording poor for wagons.

I would say in conclusion that I am very strongly inclined to believe the statements of this wounded prisoner.

His brigade passed through Gordon's Mills last evening, and he says he actually saw the two divisions of infantry at the mills. He says he did not see any other infantry between La Fayette and the mills; although there might have been some he did not notice any. His brigade has been in the saddle except to feed since leaving Kingston. I go on to Colonel Harker's brigade. Colonel Harker left one regiment, under Colonel Opdycke, One hundred and twenty-fifth

Ohio, and one battery near Rossville.

Respectfully,

WM. J. PALMER,

Colonel, Commanding Anderson Cavalry.

GORDON'S MILLS,

13 Miles from Chattanooga and at

Intersection of Rossville and La Fayette

Road with Chickamauga Creek,

September 11, 1863-5.15 p. m.

Colonel GODDARD,

Assistant Adjutant-General:

COLONEL: Colonel Harker's brigade has driven the rebel cavalry to this point, and his skirmishers are just one the opposite side of the Chickamauga Creek. The rebel cavalry can be seen beyond. From

