
the statements of half a dozen deserters whom our flankers brought out from the woods as my detachment came along, as well as from the millers here and a negro, there is in my mind no doubt but that the statements of the wounded prisoner are correct as far as they went. Cheatham's and one other division were no doubt here last evening, but all the infantry left the mills a little after dark, and the rear of their column left at 1 a. m. Nearly all the deserters agree with the report of the wounded man in regard to the amount of cavalry-two brigades.

We have as a deserter one of General Forrest's escort, who left them about dark. He says Armstrong's brigade and several battalions from Pegram and others constitute the cavalry force. He also says General Forrest was here personally until early this morning, when he left. He heard that Hindman was here, but did not see him.

The enemy have three guns. Colonel Harker is disposed to wait here until General Wood's or other forces come up.

A moment ago tolerably heavy connonading began in the direction of Stevens' Gap. About thirty guns have been fired so far in the time it has taken me to write this. It now continues at irregular intervals. I have 65 men with me.

The deserter from Forrest's escort is known to one of my old guides, who thinks he is reliable.

Respectfully,

W. J. PALMER,

Colonel, Commanding.

P. S.-It is about 16 miles from here to Stevens' Gap by the right-hand road of the two which fork here. The left goes to La Fayette, 13 miles distant. None of the infantry or cavalry took the right-hand road, although it would be possible to go to Stevens' Gap by taking a road to the right, 5 miles from here, on the La Fayette road. The people here have not heard cannonading in direction of Stevens' Gap or any other direction, before it began since I got here this p. m.

There has been no cannonading for fifteen minutes at Stevens' Gap.

W. J. PALMER,

Colonel, Commanding.
HEADQUARTERS ANDERSON CAVALRY,September 11, 1863-12 midnight.

Lieutenant Colonel C. GODDARD,

Asst. Adjt. General, Hdqrs. Dept. of the Cumberland:

COLONEL: I have the honor to report my arrival with the detachment of this regiment from Gordon's Mills at the hour above stated. I came across the ridges and up the Chattanooga Valley, intersecting the main cove road at Macauley's, 7 miles from Chattanooga. By the route I came the distance was 16 miles.

On leaving Gordon's Mills, which I did a little before dark, by the road down the Chickamauga, I encountered 2 of the enemy's pickets, who fired three shots and then ran back far enough to enable our column to reach, without further molestation, the intersecting road by which we returned, which starts off 1 mile below the mills. The cannonading toward Stevens' Gap was not afterward

