
heard. At the time I left Colonel Harker was just going into camp. He was expecting General Wood in the course of the night. The rebel cavalry had been all along the road we returned by during the day. We saw none, however. Their picket fires were seen everywhere as we came along. We crossed Missionary Ridge and Dry Valley Ridge.

I delivered the deserters, 6 in number, to Colonel Harker, except the one on General Forrest's escort, whom I brought along and now have in camp.

I am, colonel, your obedient servant,

WM. J. PALMER,

Colonel, Commanding.
HEADQUARTERS FOURTEENTH ARMY CORPS,Foot of the Mountain, September 11, 1863-8 a. m.

Major General W. S. ROSECRANS,

Commanding Department:

GENERAL: I have the honor to inclose copy of a note* received during the night from General Negley, through General Baird, as also a copy of my orders to General Negley with regard to the information conveyed in his letter.

The difficulties of the ascent and descent of Lookout Mountain, together with the obstructions placed in the road by the enemy, were such that I do not see how it was possible for him to advance farther or more rapidly than he has. Dug Gap, on his road to La Fayette, is also completely obstructed, and, in addition, he has received information from several independent sources that the enemy are prepared to resist his advance with a large force, and are also endeavoring to flank him. You will see by my instructions to General Negley of 3 o'clock this a m. what disposition I have made to support him and to dispose of the force threatening his flank. I am satisfied that if the information he received was correct, his division would have suffered very severely had he attempted to march on La Fayette yesterday.

I am in hopes to be able to report to you tomorrow the capture of La Fayette. I will endeavor to open communication with General McCook by private messengers. I have no cavalry to enable me to do it otherwise. If I had had Wilder's brigade I am satisfied La Fayette would have been in our possession now, as with it I could have prevented the enemy from blockading this road.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

GEO. H. THOMAS,

Major-General, U. S. Volunteers, Commanding.

[Inclosure.]
HEADQUARTERS FOURTEENTH ARMY CORPS,Foot of the Mountain, September 11, 1863-3.25 a. m.

Major General J. S. NEGLEY,

Comdg. Second Division Fourteenth Army Corps:

GENERAL: Your note of 9.30 yesterday, to General Baird, has just been handed me by Mr. Warren. General Baird informs

---------------

*See Negley to Baird, September 10, 9.30 p. m., p. 509.

---------------

