
me that he will move to your support at 3 a. m. to-day. I will send Generals Reynolds and Brannan, by the Cooper's Gap road, to move upon the flank of the enemy at Morgan's Mill. The road by Cooper's Gap also passes by Culp's Mill, and will enable Reynolds and Brannan to attack Forreest also if he is there. From the information which I have procured on the road since leaving you yesterday afternoon, I am led to believe that the enemy are at Morgan's or Lee's Mill, and have only an advance force, probably at Culp's.

Hold your forces in readiness should the enemy wish to attack you, but do not advance on him unless you hear firing from General Reynolds' advance, then it would be well to let Baird move to Reynolds' support, and you hold your troops in readiness to support them, at the same time observing the Dug Gap and being prepared to resist any advance of the enemy from that direction.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

GEO. H. THOMAS,

Major-General, U. S. Volunteers, Commanding.
HEADQUARTERS FOURTEENTH ARMY CORPS,Cooper's Gap, September 11, 1863-8.15 p. m.

Colonel HAMBRIGHT,

Commanding Seventy-ninth Pennsylvania:

The general commanding directs that you march with your regiment at 3 a. m. tomorrow morning and occupy Stevens'Gap. If you have any difficulty in getting your wagons up, put your regiment with the wagons and make the gap in the best possible time.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

GEO. E. FLYNT,

Assistant Adjutant-General and Chief of Staff.
HEADQUARTERS FOURTEENTH ARMY CORPS,Cooper's Gap, September 11, 1863-10.30 p. m.

Major General W. S. ROSECRANS,

Commanding Department, Chattanooga:

GENERAL: I have the honor to report as follows: Generals Negley and Baird at Davis' Cross-Roads, at which point the enemy attacked them to-day. Inclosed I forward you copy of General Negley's dispatch, received at 4.30 p. m. this day. General Reynolds' command is all up, and will be in position early to-morrow morning. Brannan will be up by 9 a. m. tomorrow, when it is my intention to attack the enemy in flank simultaneously with Negley, who will attack him in front.

No report has been received from General Negley showing the result of the engagement this evening; judging, however, from the artillery firing, I should say there is nothing serious, as no musketry was heard.

Reports from scouts and citizens are conflicting as to the rebel force in this vicinity; most of them, however, report a large force with full complement of artillery.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

GEO. H. THOMAS,

Major-General, U. S. Volunteers.

