
to-night. Will report again toward dark where we will probably be over night. Head of battery of Third Brigade just reached summit of mountain at 11 a. m. Getting along well.

Very respectfully, your, &amp;c.,

J. J. REYNOLDS,

Major-General.

P. S.-A portion of my supply train is on top of mountain with my ordnance train. I will keep them together.

J. J. R.
HDQRS. FIRST BRIG., FOURTH DIV.,14TH ARMY CORPS,September 11, 1863-7 a. m.

Colonel C. GODDARD,

Assistant Adjutant-General:

COLONEL: I am in receipt of conflicting orders. Those from General Crittenden direct me to move on his left flank toward Dalton; those from General Reynolds direct me to report my command at La Fayette, Ga. General Reynolds' orders are the last, but as this flank is so important just now, and there is no mounted force on it but mine, I have thought best to send to General Rosecrans to know what to do. I have accordingly done so. I will be in Ringgold by 9 this am. m. My reason for being in doubt what to do is that General Rosecrans sent me an order to report to General Crittenden, which has not yet been rescinded. My advance was in Ringgold last night; no enemy there. I am anxious to get back to the division.

I am, major, very respectfully, yours to command,

JOHN T. WILDER,

Colonel, Commanding Brigade.

[SEPTEMBER 11, 1863.]

Colonel Atkins' regiment is so worn down that he cannot start today to communicate with General Crittenden. He is in the valley, and will feed and take care of his horses to-day and start tomorrow morning.

J. J. REYNOLDS,

Major-General.

(Copy to Major Levering, assistant adjutant-general, Twenty-first Army Corps.)
HEADQUARTERS DEPARTMENT OF THE CUMBERLAND,Chattanooga, September 11, 1863-10.25 a. m.

Colonel J. T. WILDER,

Comdg. 1 st Brig., 4th Div., 14th Army Corps, Ringgold:

Your communication of 7 a. m. to-day is just received. The general commanding directs you to be governed temporarily by such orders as you may receive from General Crittenden.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

C. GODDARD,

Lieutenant, Colonel and Assistant Adjutant-General.

