
crossing Lookout Mountain, I do not see how I am to reach La Fayette sooner than tomorrow. I have just heard from headquarters that Burnside captured three locomotives and some cars in East Tennessee, and also 2,000 men at Cumberland Gap, who surrendered unconditionally.

If you have any cavalry, please communicate with me as soon as possible, giving your position.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

GEO. H. THOMAS,

Major-General, U. S. Volunteers, Commanding.
HEADQUARTERS TWENTIETH ARMY CORPS,At Foot of Mountain, near Alpine, September 11, 1863-8.30 p. m.

Major-General THOMAS,

Commanding Fourteenth Army Corps:

GENERAL: My corps in concentrated here. I have heard nothing from you. I sent Colonel Harrison at an early hour this morning to open communication with you. He met the enemy's cavalry between here and La Fayette, and drove them to a point within 9 miles of that place.

A prisoner from the army and citizens report that none of your troops are there, but that the place is occupied by the enemy with cavalry and infantry. I can scarcely believe this, yet all the cavalry we have driven from this vicinity runs in that direction. Polk's corps is reported at Trion Factory, 5 1/2 miles northeast from Summerville on the road from that place to Ringgold; also had a courier line on that road to-day.

Colonel Harrison and Colonel Wathins are ordered to go to La Fayette at all hazards and ascertain this fact. I casually heard to-day that General Rosecrans' headquarters have been moved to Chattanooga. I send this by my couriers in Will's Valley with orders that it shall go to you from Trenton, as that may prove the most expeditious way to reach you. Rome has lately been fortified, and is occupied by infantry and artillery. A reconnaissance has been sent to intersect the road between Rome and Summerville to ascertain what is going on there. I have no further news.

Very respectfully,

A. McD. McCOOK,

Major-General, Commanding.
HEADQUARTERS DEPARTMENT OF THE CUMBERLAND,Chattanooga, September 11, 1863-10.15 p. m.

(Received 12 m., 12th.)

Major-General THOMAS,

Commanding Fourteenth Army Corps:

Information from many independent sources makes it evident that the enemy has concentrated in very considerable force in the neighborhood of La Fayette. It appears that two brigades of rebel infantry were at Gordon's Mills last evening, and one of our scouts reports that a heavy column of infantry and artillery crossed the Chattanooga at Gower's Ford yesterday, moving in the direction of your position.

