
[Indorsement.]
HEADQUARTERS FIRST CAVALRY DIVISION,Larkinsville, Ala., August 17, 1863.

Respectfully forwarded to cavalry headquarters.

The removal of this brigade to Huntsville will place it 14 miles from Hurricane Creek and 40 miles from here. The country is reported to be sickly, but there is no place for an encampment for the brigade unless it is moved back to Huntsville or toward this place. Aside from the reported unhealthiness, the location at Flint River is a good one.

EDWARD M. McCOOK,

Colonel, Commanding.

CINCINNATI, August 16, 1863.

Brigadier-General WILLCOX,

Comdg. Dist. of Indiana and Michigan, Indianapolis, Ind.:

Have the Michigan Sharpshooters started for Camp Douglas? If not, please get them off as soon as possible, and let me know by telegram when they start.

By command of Major-General Burnside:

W. P. ANDERSON,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

CINCINNATI, August 16, 1863.

Major-General BURNSIDE,

Camp Nelson, Ky.:

A great many complaints are being made of the conduct of the troops of the Ninth Army Corps, while waiting for transportation in Covington. Being unable to find any general officer of the Ninth Corps, I have directed General Cox to see that the troops conduct themselves properly while in Covington, and to hold each regimental commander strictly responsible for the conduct of the men.

W. P. ANDERSON,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

NASHVILLE, TENN., August 16, 1863.

(Received 2 a. m., 17th.)

His Excellency A. LINCOLN,

President:

We are succeeding in raising Tennessee forces. There are more than two brigades of Tennesseeans at Cartage and Nashville. When I was in Washington last spring I urged the appointment of A. C. Gillem, of the Regular Army, commanding First Middle Tennessee, as brigadier-general of volunteers. There being no vacancies was the reason he was not then appointed. He is a native Tennesseean and a fine officer, and has rendered efficient service. I earnestly recommend his appointment to fill the vacancy caused by Governor Campbell's resignation. General Rosecrans desires that this appointment should be made.

ANDREW JOHNSON.

