
Crittenden has been ordered to put his corps on the road from Gordon's Mills to La Fayette near the northern spur of Pegeon Mountain with orders to attack any force that should attack you. He was to have got into position to-night. The general commanding is waiting anxiously to hear from you and to know what are the new developments of the day. In case you find the enemy concentrated in heavy force, it will be best to draw General McCook to within supporting distance. It is necessary for the general commanding to know the situation of affairs near you and General McCook before he can determine what disposition to make of General Crittenden's corps. Of course, it is our policy to attack him as soon as we know his position and force.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

J. A. GARFIELD,

Brigadier-General, Chief of Staff.
HEADQUARTERS TWENTIETH ARMY CORPS,At Foot of Lookout Mountain, 2 1/2 Miles from Alpine,

September 11, 1863-6 a. m.

Brigadier General J. A. GARFIELD,

Chief of Staff:

I reached this point about 5 o'clock last evening; two of Davis' brigades are here, and Johnson's entire division. The latter did not get down the mountain until very late last night. Sheridan is encamped at a small stream on the mountain about 9 miles from here.

He will move forward to this point this morning.

I am able to get from General Stanley no definite information as to the position of the enemy's infantry. His dispatch* forwarded by my courier will inform you of his movements, &amp;c. Communication is not yet established with General Thomas, nor has the cavalry been able to reach La Fayette. I will try to open communication to-day if possible. My troops are rationed for two days longer. My supply wagons will reach here to-night or tomorrow.

As soon as I can get any satisfactory information as to the enemy, I will act upon it, and push forward in accordance with my orders. As my instructions from General Garfield do not indicate any point for concentration, A will act on such information as I may be able to get.

I will probably move to Summerville to-day. The enemy, I fear, has got beyond our reach unless we move forward and attack him in some position he may take up farther south. From this point ranges of mountains still seem to rise in our front and the country beyond looks very rugged. The road to this place is long, dusty, and tolerably bad also.

I will establish a line of couriers to Winston's reaching your couriers there. The couriers of the Anderson Cavalry at my headquarters at Long's Spring did not carry dispatches promptly. It took them about seven hours to carry a dispatch to Sheridan, 8 miles away. Dispatch marked "gallop."

Very respectfully,

A. McD. McCOOK,

Major-General.

---------------

*Not found as an inclosure. But see Stanley to Garfield, Part I, p. 889.

---------------

