
I am having the Neal's Gap road opened, which is on the road leading from Valley Head to Broomtown. General Crook was ordered to march on this road but did not do it. I can open the road in a few hours. I heard casually to-day that your headquarters had been moved to Chattanooga, and have heard nothing from you since leaving Will's Valley.

Colonel Wathins' brigade has been ordered to support Harrison and to push through to La Fayette at all hazards. Summerville is 23 miles from Rome and 16 miles from La Fayette. Roads reported good. Rome has lately become a fortified place, occupied now by infantry and artillery.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

A. McD. McCOOK,

Major-General, Commanding.
HDQRS. FIRST BRIG., FIRST DIV., 20TH ARMY CORPS,Winston's, Ala., September 11, 1863.

CAPTAIN: There are at least 200 men belonging to the corps and to the Cavalry Corps whom the surgeons report unable to march. Part of them are out of rations. How shall I provide them with rations? Can I cause any of the stores of the First Division that are here to be issued for that purpose? Of the sick, there are about 35 belonging to this division. What shall be done with the sick men when I come forward? Will you please to send me instructions in this matter as soon as possible? I have not sent any communication to General McCook, but shall expect the necessary instructions from you.

The teams are going up the mountain as fast as possible, but I am having more trouble in getting them up than was anticipated. I kept them moving steadily up during the night. I did not get the road until just night. Lieutenant Larson's section of the supply train is up.

Inclosed you will find the papers which General Davis wishes me to forward.

A company of Confederate cavalry are reported to be 4 miles south from this place, on the Rawlingsville road.

I have the honor to be, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

P. SIDNEY POST,

Colonel, Commanding.
HEADQUARTERS TWENTIETH ARMY CORPS,Near Alpine, September 11, 1863-10 p. m.

Major General P. H. SHERIDAN,

Commanding Third Division:

Communication is just opened with General Thomas by way of Will's Valley and Winston's. He does not expect to reach La Fayette until tomorrow, so that our efforts to-day to open communication directly to La Fayette were rather premature, as General Thomas found a strong force of the enemy in his front before reaching there.

Polk's corps is reported to be 5 1/2 miles northeast of Summerville, on the road from that place to Ringgold, at Trion Factory.

