
Dalton, shall I continue my march in that direction? I think it would chase them more than by a direct pursuit, but will it not separate me too far from the balance of our command? To save time I have asked that orders be sent direct to Colonel Harker and General Wood from department headquarters. Please let me have a copy of such orders, that I may know when they will rejoin me.

Captain McCook has just reached me. I was much afraid he had been captured. He got on the wrong road, and in looking for me he came upon a party of the enemy, who captured a sergeant and private. It was a small party of rebel cavalry, 23 in number. Colonel McKibbin can give you the details of our ride. Captain McCook met at Rossville a company of the Anderson Cavalry, and sent them in pursuit of the party who had fired at him, and afterward heard firing in that direction. There is some hope they may retake the prisoners, but not much.

Most respectfully, your obedient servant,

T. L. CRITTENDEN,

Major-General, Commanding.

CAMP ON CHICKAMAUGA CREEK,

September 11, 1863-6 a. m.

Colonel GODDARD:

COLONEL: I met the brigade on the way to Rossville with instructions to hold that point and make a reconnaissance to the front. General Wood now believes from his information there is no great force there, only a rear guard. I think it best to move, and have let the brigade go on to make the reconnaissance. I have directed General Wood to remain here or in this vicinity, so that he can come to me or go to his brigade as the occasion may require. As soon as the commanding general is satisfied that there is no force there, I hope he will at once send orders to Colonel Harker, in command of the brigade, to rejoin General Wood, and to General Wood to rejoin my command as soon as possible. I have not yet seen General Palmer, but expect as soon as I reach him to go immediately forward. I beg leave to refer you to Colonel McKibbin for detailed information.

Most respectfully, your obedient servant,

T. L. CRITTENDEN,

Major-General, Commanding.
HEADQUARTERS DEPARTMENT OF THE CUMBERLAND,Chattanooga, September 11, 1863-9.15 a. m.

Major-General CRITTENDEN,

Commanding Fourteenth Army Corps:

Your note is received, and Colonel McKibbin has arrived. The general commanding approves the disposition you have made of your command. Dispatches have also been received through Captain Oldershaw from Colonel Wilder and Colonel Grose, and one from General Thomas, since you left here, which confirm the general commanding in the belief that the mass of the enemy's force has retreated on Rome, Ga. General Thomas' advance held Dug Gap of the Pigeon Mountain last night, with a strong picket force of the enemy in his front. All doubts as to the general direction of the retreat are now resolved.

