
eral position better than I could know his, he should try to get couriers through to me. After delivering the written order to me Captain Oldershaw delivered some verbal directions, which he said he had been intrusted with at department headquarters, after receiving the written order. These directions were to the effect that if after arriving here I should deem it expedient to go forward on this road to Shields' or Anderson's Gap, I should do so. I should be glad to have full instructions on this point before morning, as Captain Oldershaw's statement was not very full and explicit.

It is some 14 miles from here to Chattanooga. From the information gained by Colonel Harker to-day, it seems the story of the contraband was not so far from the mark as we were all disposed to believe. Colonel Harker says that not only was General Bragg here yesterday, but also Generals Polk and Hill, with a large force of infantry and cavalry. I trust we may be able to send them on their way with new impetus.

Respectfully, your obedient servant,

TH. J. WOOD,

Brigadier-General of Volunteers, Commanding.

[Inclosure.]
HDQRS. THIRD BRIG., FIRST DIV., 21ST ARMY CORPS,Near Rossville, September 11, 1863.

GENERAL: I send you by my orderly the contraband who brought the information concerning the enemy's position near Gordon's Mills. I am ordered to make the reconnaissance directed by you last night. I will endeavor to keep you informed of my movements, and will report the result as soon as possible. The orderly will have a verbal message for you.

Respectfully, your obedient servant,

C. G. HARKER,

Colonel, Commanding.

P. S.-I also send you a white boy.
HEADQUARTERS DEPARTMENT OF THE CUMBERLAND,Chattanooga, September 11, 1863.

Major-General CRITTENDEN,

Commanding Twenty-first Army Corps:

SIR: The question of rank between Brigadier General W. B. Hazen and Brigadier General G. D. Wagner having been submitted to the Adjutant-General of the Army, it has been decided that Brigadier-General Hazen is the senior officer.

I am sir, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

C. GODDARD,

Lieutenant-Colonel and Assistant Adjutant-General.

(Copy to Brigadier-General Wagner.)
HEADQUARTERS DEPARTMENT OF THE CUMBERLAND,Chattanooga, September 11, 1863-7.30 p. m.

General G. D. WAGNER,

Commanding Post, Chattanooga:

GENERAL: A dispatch has just been received from Colonel Minty, who was, at the time of writing, 6.15 p. m., at Stringer's Creek. The

