
BRIDGEPORT, September 11, 1863.

Lieutenant Colonel C. GODDARD,

Assistant Adjutant-General:

I report part of my command here. The rest will be up with rear of ordnance train tomorrow. I have escorted ordnance train through from Cowan. Men and stock are in much need of rest, and wagons want repairing. Can I remain here till the 13th or 14th?

J. H. BRIGHAM,

Lieutenant Colonel, Comdg. 69th Ohio Volunteer Infantry.
HEADQUARTERS TWENTIETH ARMY CORPS,At Foot of Mountain, near Alpine, September 11, 1863.

Major-General STANLEY,

Commanding Cavalry:

GENERAL: A report from Colonel Harrison just in states that he has met two regiments of the enemy, and he thinks that there is an additional force of greater strength in his front. Could you spare some cavalry to go to his assistance and open communications with La Fayette? Harrison has but 300 men with him. His force is now about 10 miles from here. If you can send the cavalry, please do so at once; if not, let me know, and I will send an infantry force to open the road. Harrison is on the direct La Fayette road.

Very respectfully,

A. McD. McCOOK,

Major-General, Commanding.
HEADQUARTERS DEPARTMENT OF THE CUMBERLAND,Chattanooga, September 11, 1863-10.45 p. m.

Major-General STANLEY,

Chief of Cavalry:

It appears that the enemy has been concentrating a very large force of infantry and artillery in the vicinity of La Fayette. If he intends to make a stand, it will be necessary for you to close up your force toward McCook, so as to cover his left flank and operate on the enemy's right. It is now of the utmost importance that the general commanding should be informed as soon as possible of the force and position of the enemy. Take measures to ascertain this as soon as possible.

Colonel Minty arrived opposite this place this evening and will be across by morning. His brigade will be sent forward at once, though from the present posture of affairs it is difficult to say when he can join you. General Mitchell is here.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

J. A. GARFIELD,

Brigadier-General and Chief of Staff.
HEADQUARTERS TWENTIETH ARMY CORPS,

Near Alpine, September 11, 1863-9.30 [p.m.]

[General STANLEY:]

I have just received a dispatch from General Thomas, dated at 8 a. m. this morning (McKaig's Gap, Lookout Mountain), stating that

