
he was working along as best he could, and that he would try to get into La Fayette tomorrow. I would send a courier at once after Colonel Watkins, and order him back to camp, leaving patrols well out on that road. Inclosed you will find an order* to Colonel Harrison also to return to camp. I will be much obliged if you will forward it to him with Colonel Wathins' order.

I would recommend that you keep your patrols well out, for if the enemy are concentrating at Rome, our troops here are exposed to the entire force of the rebel army.

Thomas also reports the enemy in front of him in pretty strong force. We must be vigilant here.

A. McD. McCOOK,

Major-General, Commanding.
HEADQUARTERS FIRST DIVISION CAVALRY,September 11, 1863.

Major W. H. SINCLAIR:

I have made my line here at the junction of the Gaylesville and Summerville and Rome and Chattanooga roads. I did not go farther to the front with my main body, because all the citizens say that Polk's corps is at Trion Factory, 12 miles from here, and that Wharton is 2 miles from here at Mitchell's. I did not like to leave these roads in my rear. I will feel Mr. Wharton a little, and have ordered the six companies sent through to Dirt Town, 12 1/2 miles, to cut their way through. Bragg's train is undoubtedly passing that way-it is the only way for them to pass. Where they say Polk's corps is stationed is on the direct road from Chattanooga to Rome, and also to Ringgold. It is at the junction of these roads, on Chattanooga River.

The detachment I sent to Dirt Town cannot return before midnight unless they are driven back, and I will send you a courier when they come. In the mean time, I will make all the discoveries I can on the Rome road as soon as the horses are rested a little.

E. M. McCOOK,

Colonel, Commanding.
HEADQUARTERS CHIEF OF CAVALRY,Alpine, September 11, 1863.

Colonel McCOOK:

COLONEL: The general commanding directs me to say that he approves of the dispositions you have made. Keep him posted, as it is important that Generals McCook and Rosecrans should know it if Polk's corps is where the citizens report it.

Respectfully, yours,

WM. H. SINCLAIR,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

CAMP AT INTERSECTION OF

TRION FACTORY WITH LA FAYETTE ROAD,

September [11], 1863-5 p. m.

Colonel McCOOK:

COLONEL: Your communication from Summerville is received.

If you find the enemy in force at Trion Factory, occupy their atten-

---------------

*Not found.

---------------

