
tion there as long as you can, until I can find out what is at La Fayette. If there is no enemy at Trion Factory, you had better come in here in the morning, if you can find a good place to camp there tonight. I have sent a scout of one battalion up to Trion Factory from here.

GEORGE CROOK,

Brigadier-General, Commanding Cavalry.
HEADQUARTERS DEPARTMENT OF THE CUMBERLAND,Chattanooga, September 11, 1863-1.25 p. m.

Colonel R. H. G. MINTY:

COLONEL: Your dispatch of 8.30 a. m. is just received. Orders were sent you yesterday to move with your command to this side of the river. If these orders have not reached you, the general commanding directs you to move with your command to this place, starting immediately upon the receipt of this order. The general does not credit the report of the cavalry force above the Hiwassee. Orders were sent to you yesterday to seize some steam-boats up the Hiwassee; that order the general directs you to execute, sending a detachment of your command that way to secure the boats. On the 3rd instant orders were sent to you to detach a regiment to report to Major-General Crittenden. The regiment has not reported. The general commanding directs you to order it forward at once and to report why the order was not promptly obeyed.

I am, sir, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

C. GODDARD,

Lieutenant-Colonel and Assistant Adjutant-General.
HDQRS. FIRST BRIGADE, SECOND CAVALRY DIVISION,Stringer's Creek, September 11, 1863-6.15 p. m.

Colonel GODDARD,

Assistant Adjutant-General, Dept. of the Cumberland:

SIR: The regiment was not sent to General Crittenden for the reason that I did not receive orders to send him one. I reported to General Wagner by courier at 5.30 this p. m., asking for instructions. I received no orders about the steam-boats, but sent up for them night before last. The steam-boats have been burned by the rebels, also the bridge at Charleston. My men brought down two flat-boats, which are now at this side of the river at Blythe's Ferry. To what point shall I send the regiment for Major-General Crittenden? He has now one battalion of the Fourth Michigan. I scouted the country pretty thoroughly about Georgetown and Burchville; one party went within a few miles east of Cleveland.

I am, respectfully, your obedient servant,

R. H. G. MINTY,

Colonel, Commanding Brigade.
HEADQUARTERS DEPARTMENT OF THE CUMBERLAND,Chattanooga, September 11, 1863-7.15 p. m.

Colonel R. H. G. MINTY,

Comdg. First Brig., Second Div. Cav., Stringer's Creek:

COLONEL: Your dispatch of 6.15 this p. m. is just received. The general commanding directs you to cross one regiment of cavalry

