
WAR DEPARTMENT,

Washington, D. C., September 11, 1863-2 p. m.

Major-General BURNSIDE,

Cumberland Gap:

I congratulate you on your successes. Hold the gaps of the North Carolina mountains, the line of the Holston River, or some point, if there be one, to prevent access from Virginia, and connect with General Rosecrans, at least with your cavalry.

The Secretary of War directs that you raise all the volunteers you can in East Tennessee. Select the officers, and if not commissioned by Governor Johnson they will be by the President. If you have not arms and equipments at your disposal, telegraph for them. How is the supply of forage and provisions in East Tennessee?

General Rosecrans will occupy Dalton or some point on the railroad to close all access from Atlanta, and also the mountain passes on the west. This being done, it will be determined whether the movable forces shall advance into Georgia and Alabama or into the valley of Virginia and North Carolina.

H. W. HALLECK,

General-in-Chief.

WASHINGTON, D. C.,

September 11, 1863-2.35 p. m.

Major-General BURNSIDE,

Cumberland Gap:

Parole no prisoners. It is reported that the enemy is forcing into the ranks those paroled by General Grant without exchange.

H. W. HALLECK,

General-in-Chief.

CUMBERLAND GAP, September 11, 1863.

General POTTER:

Do not hurry off any troops or batteries that will not be serviceable. I am anxious for every available man, but want them all serviceable. Please telegraph me at Knoxville. Bring the Seventy-first Indiana with you.

A. E. BURNSIDE,

Major-General.

LOUSVILLE, KY.,

September 11, 1863.

Brigadier-General POTTER:

Lieutenant-Colonel Matson telegraphed me yesterday he had but 450 men at Mount Sterling; that 400 rebels were moving on Mount Sterling. I ordered him to attack them. He must have sent the battalion to you. General Willcox was to have sent the whole regiment. Where do you send it, as there are but 400 men at Mount Sterling? I wish you to have every facility. Horses are shipped to you to-day. You can mount several of your regiments.

J. T. BOYLE,

Brigadier-General.

