HEADQUARTERS, September 11, 1863.

Major-General HARTSUFF,Commanding Twenty-third Army Corps, Knoxville, Tenn:

Enemy's scouting parties and pickets at Henderson Station, 6 miles above. Have sent out cavalry to drive them back. Citizens report the enemy in force at Jonesborough, estimated at 10,000 or 15,000, but I think it very greatly exaggerated. Do not believe there is any but the force of Williams and Jackson from Saltville and Bristol, not exceeding 1,500 or 2,000, though there are rumors of a corps of Lee's army being sent to East Tennessee. In the excited state of the country, can place no reliance in these rumors. Hope to have accurate information to-night. Will keep on the alert, and report frequently.

JOHN. W. FORSTER.

SHERMAN'S HEADQUARTERS, September 12, 1863.

General RAWLINS:

I have Mobile papers of 9th. The enemy evacuated all of Morris Island, including batteries Wagner and Gregg. Sumter, though in ruins, is still in their possession, and Beauregard answered Dahlgren's demand for its surrender by saying the demand was puerile. From these papers Kingston, Tenn., is held by Burnside, and I infer that Knoxville is also. At all events, these papers treat East Tennessee as occupied by the Yankees, but a great and terrific battle is predicted between Bragg and Rosecrans. The object of the flag of truce is to send in proof that a certain negro was killed in war and not murdered.

W. T. SHERMAN,

Major-General.

SHERMAN'S HEADQUARTERS, September 12, 1863.

General RAWLINS,

Assistant Adjutant-General:

I have sent in by Dr. Hewitt two newspapers of Mobile and Meridian, which I want you to read to catch the tone. Notice that Hardee is to assemble the Vicksburg army at Enterprise instead of Demopolis. I want to know of the general's arrival when he comes. Weather is hot and country dried up. As soon as it changes I want to begin to strike at the interior. The success at Harrisburg is a real advantage, as it gives us the Washita as soon as the water rises.

W. T. SHERMAN,

Major-General.
HEADQUARTERS FIFTEENTH ARMY CORPS,Camp on Big Black, September 12, 1863.

General COSBY,

C. S. Army, by flag of truce:

GENERAL: Your note of September 11 was received last night at the hands of Major Ravesies. If Mr. Sulzer be in arrest and under

