
trial for the murder of the negro near Whittaker's about September 1, I am not aware of it. All the parties implicated were sent into Vicksburg, and I will see that the papers you sent me go to the provost-marshal there. I know that the negro was killed by a Confederate soldier, and if Sulzer be in confinement, it is for aiding and abetting. Your scouts may and will compromise the people down along the Big Black, who otherwise would be undisturbed. Tell Mrs. Sulzer she need not fear for the life of her husband, but if it can be shown that he gave any encouragement to scouts acting in hostility to us, we will send him where he will not have the opportunity of repeating his imprudence. I avail myself of this opportunity to send you a parcel of letters which have reached me en route to the interior, which you can dispose of the pleasure.

Major Ravesies will take out any newspapers or reading matter he chooses. He will go down to the bridge to meet there his escort and the ambulances, and by means of the telegraph I may send by him what the provost-marshal says of Sulzer.

I am, &amp;c.,

W. T. SHERMAN,

Major-General.
HEADQUARTERS SEVENTEENTH ARMY CORPS,Vicksburg, Miss., September 12, 1863.

Colonel THOMAS STEPHENS,

Commanding Second Wisconsin Cavalry:

COLONEL: It is reported that there is a squad of rebel cavalry, about 40 in number, on the Hall's Ferry road. I have directed Major Osband with his battalion to start at 2 a. m. tomorrow from here, and push out on the Baldwin's Ferry road, some 12 or 14 miles, and then strike across to the Hall's Ferry road, and, if possible, get in behind these fellows and cut them off from the ferry.

I desire you to push out with one battalion of your command to the junction of the Warrenton and Hall's Ferry road, about east of Warrenton, so as to reach that point at 7 a. m. tomorrow. Major Osband will be on the road between that point and Hall's Ferry at that hour. Let your men have on uniforms, so that there will be no danger of any mistake in having our own men fire on each other.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

JAS. B. McPHERSON,

Major-General.
HEADQUARTERS DISTRICT OF MEMPHIS,Memphis, September 12, 1863.

Captain GRAVES:

You will proceed with your escort under flag of truce in the direction of Panola, with the sealed communication which is herewith delivered to you, indorsed "Headquarters Sixteenth Army Corps, official business," and addressed to "Commanding Officer Confederate Forces, Panola, Miss."

You will use every precaution to insure its safe delivery, giving it, if possible, into the hands of the commanding officer at Panola. If not permitted to do this, you will deliver it only to an officer duly

