
authorized to receive it, who must be a commissioned officer of the Confederate forces. Having safely delivered the communication intrusted to your care, as above directed, and taken proper receipt therefor, you will return with your escort and report to these headquarters.

By order of Brigadier General James C. Veatch:

JAMES O. PIERCE,

Major and Assistant Adjutant-General.

GERMANTOWN, September 12, 1863.

Major-General HURLBUT:

I have just returned from Holly Springs. There is no organized force this side the Tallahatchie, and not a large one on the other side. I cannot get a fight out of them this side of Okolona and Grenada, if I can there. I captured a rebel mail from Chattanooga, stating that Johnston is re-enforcing Bragg. They are stopping cotton from coming up from the vicinity of the Tallahatchie. Citizens say they intend to burn it. What are my orders?

EDWARD HATCH,

Colonel, Commanding Third Brigade, Cavalry Division.

GERMANTOWN, September 12, 1863.

Major-General HURLBUT:

Four pieces of artillery, light pieces, left Okolona September 1, passed near Coffeeville September 5 or 6, next heart of near Charleston September 9. Could not learn their destination; think it the river.

E. HATCH,

Colonel, Commanding Cavalry.

CORINTH, September 12, 1863.

(Received 13th.)

Major-General HURLBUT,

Memphis:

Colonel Hatch telegraphs from La Fayette that 1,000 of his men are between the Coldwater and the railroad on their way to camp. He left Holly Springs last evening; was able to find no organized force of the enemy north of the Tallahatchie.

E. A. CARR,

Brigadier-General.

CORINTH, September 12, 1863.

Major-General HURLBUT:

The following dispatch just received from Colonel Hatch:

LA FAYETTE, September 12, 1863.

I have scouted the country south of the railroad. There is no organized force north of the Tallahatchie. The enemy, one regiment at Tupelo, one at Pontotoc. Richardson's and Chalmers' old commands pushed from Rocky Ford to Panola. Johnston's army re-enforcing Bragg.

