
bands at this place has been ordered to be relieved. Upon being relieved by a detail from General Stanley's command, you will see that the commanding officer reports with his detachment to you for duty.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

C. GODDARD,

Lieutenant-Colonel and Assistant Adjutant-General.

SHELBYVILLE, August 17, 1863-3.30 p.m.

General J. A. GARFIELD,

Chief of Staff:

Major-General Forrest, with four brigades of mounted men, was at Sparta on Tuesday last, and in neighborhood on Wednesday. They were at Kingston for weeks, recruiting men and horses. Horses and men in good order. No doubt as to the information; obtained from confidential citizen scout and confirmed by a deserter. Where he has gone since cannot learn. At time he was proposing a raid on Nashville and Chattanooga Railroad.

Yours, truly,

EDWARD COOPER.
HEADQUARTERS DEPARTMENT OF THE CUMBERLAND,Winchester, August 17, 1863.

Lieutenant BURROUGHS:

The general commanding directs that you make the necessary arrangements for having the pontoons brought down on Wednesday. Telegraph Colonel Innes and say that the men to load and cars to carry them are all ready, and that they are to be moved promptly.

FRANK S. BOND,

Major and Aide-de-Camp.

GENERAL ORDERS, HDQRS. DEPT. OF THE CUMBERLAND,

Numbers 201. Winchester, Tenn., August 17, 1863.

I. Lieutenant Colonel John W. Taylor, having tendered his resignation, is, in pursuance of Special Orders of the War Department, relieved from duty as chief quartermaster of this army, and Lieutenant Colonel Henry C. Hodges is announced as his successor.

II. In parting with Lieutenant-Colonel Taylor the general commanding feels it both a duty and a pleasure to bear testimony to his diligence, zeal, and fidelity in the performance of his duties; with feeble health, he not only managed his department in the office, but also in the field. At the battle of Corinth he furnished the suffering troops with water, visiting in person all parts of the field, regardless of the constant exposure to the heavy fire of the enemy. At the battle of Stone's River he was conspicuous for his coolness under fire, accompanying the general commanding in every part of the field, discharging not only the duties of his position, but also those of an aide.

