
and Fuller go from here to you in the morning. Let me know how many more officers it will take to complete the line to the foot of the mountain.

J. MERRILL,

Captain and Acting Signal Officer.
HEADQUARTERS DEPARTMENT OF THE CUMBERLAND,Headquarters Signal Corps. September 12, 1863-12.55 p. m.

General ROSECRANS:

No firing. See two columns of smoke due east from here from 8 to 10 miles. A heavy column of smoke about 15 miles south-southeast.

JESSE MERRILL,

Captain and Signal Officer.

SEPTEMBER [12], 1863.

Statement of J. C. Hopkins, General Forrest's escort: I left my command on the night of the 10th instant at Pea Vine Church, 15 miles from this place. Forrest has command of the cavalry on the right wing of the army. I think he has about 5,000 mounted men. He went down the La Fayette road yesterday toward La Fayette. He had some light artillery with him. Fighting had been going on along the road near Gordon's Mills from 12 o'clock noon of yesterday until about dark. The Union army had been driving us all the time. I think we had fallen back about 5 miles. I was not in the fight. I heard we had several wounded. I was in the woods and waited until our forces fell back. When the Federals came up I surrendered, and delivered my arms to a sergeant of Anderson Cavalry. I saw General Armstrong's brigade (rebel) and one battalion of McDonald's cavalry engaged. The rebels fell back after the firing ceased in the direction of La Fayette. The soldiers are generally very much dissatisfied. From what I know I think most of the men would desert if they had an opportunity. Many of them are hiding out, and waiting for the advance of the Federal army.

(Received Headquarters Department of the Cumberland, September 12, 1863.)

Journal of operations of the Fourteenth Army Corps.

SEPTEMBER 12, 1863.

General Negley was attacked by an overwhelming force yesterday, and was obliged to fall back to the foot of the mountain. Tonight the divisions stand as follows, viz: General Negley on the right, on high ground toward the mountain; General Baird across the road from Stevens' Gap to Dug Gap; General Brannan next on the left; and General Reynolds on the left, one brigade covering Cooper's Gap. Reports from citizens go to confirm the impression that

