
a large force of the enemy is concentrated at La Fayette. A report from General McCook confirms that fact; a later dispatch from the same source says it is reported that Bragg's whole army, with Johnston's, is at La Fayette. Generals Brannan and Baird, with part of their commands, went out on a reconnaissance toward Dug Gap today. At 10 o'clock p. m. not reported yet. Headquarters of the corps encamped at top of Stevens' Gap.
HEADQUARTERS FOURTEENTH ARMY CORPS,Cooper's Gap, September 12, 1863-4 a. m.

Major-General ROSECRANS,

Commanding Department of the Cumberland:

Negley and Baird were attacked by the enemy yesterday at Davis' Cross-Roads. After severe fighting with an overwhelming force, as General Negley reports, were compelled to fall back to Stevens' Gap. Negley has taken up a position in front of the gap, with his trains in position near the gap, to be withdrawn in case of necessity. I will send Brannan's division and part of Reynolds' to his assistance this morning.

All information goes to confirm that a large part of Bragg's army is opposed to Negley. If a force could be thrown in from Chattanooga in his (the enemy's) rear, it would be difficult for him to escape.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

GEO. H. THOMAS,

Major-General, U. S. Volunteers, Commanding.
HEADQUARTERS FOURTEENTH ARMY CORPS,Cooper's Gap, September 12, 1863-6.30 a. m.

Brigadier General J. A. GARFIELD,

Chief of Staff, Department Headquarters:

GENERAL: I am greatly in want of cavalry, and would respectfully ask that if Wilder's brigade mounted infantry is not on special duty, to have it sent to me at once. As I am now situated it is impossible to know the strength or position of the enemy. The information I desire, and which is all important, is beyond my reach for the want of cavalry.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

GEO. H. THOMAS,

Major-General, U. S. Volunteers, Commanding.

P. S.-The shortest and most expeditious route for Wilder to reach me is by the Summerville road or mountain road.

G. H. T.
HEADQUARTERS DEPARTMENT OF THE CUMBERLAND,Chattanooga, September 12, 1863-11.15 a. m.

Major-General THOMAS:

GENERAL: Your dispatches of 10.30 last night and of 4 this morning have been received. After maturely weighing the notes, the general commanding is induced to think that General Negley with-

