
drew more through prudence than compulsion. He trusts that our loss is not serious and that there will be no difficulty in holding the gap. He dispatched you last night to communicate with General McCook and call him up if you thought necessary. He trusts this has been done; if not, no time should be lost. He should move with two divisions immediately, carrying three days' rations and 60 rounds of ammunition on the persons of the men, leaving the other division to protect the trains.

Crittenden was probably at Gordon's Mills by 10 o'clock to-day, and we shall make dispositions to march on the enemy's flank by Davis' Cross-Roads. Stanley should send his cavalry on the Broomtown road and seize the gap at Dougherty's without a moment's delay, and then enter the valley with a porton of his command. Atkins' cavalry will be sent forward at once. It will be desirable for you to use them for communications.

It is very important at this time for you to communicate promptly, that the general commanding may know how to manage General Crittenden's corps, which will attack the enemy as soon as it can be gotten in position. When a battle does begin, it is desirable that every command should do its best and push hard, using the bayonet wherever possible.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

C. GODDARD,

Lieutenant-Colonel and Assistant Adjutant-General.
HEADQUARTERS FOURTEENTH ARMY CORPS,Cooper's Gap, September 12, 1863.

Colonel J. G. PARKHURST,

Provost-Marshal:

The general directs that you move with your command and the balance of headquarters transportation tomorrow morning. March direct to Stevens' Gap, where headquarters will be established.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

GEO. E. FLYNT,

Assistant Adjutant-General and Chief of Staff.
HEADQUARTERS FOURTEENTH ARMY CORPS,Foot of Stevens' Gap, September 12, 1863-3.30 p. m.

(Received 2 a. m., 13th.)

Brigadier-General GARFIELD,

Chief of Staff:

GENERAL: Your dispatch of 10.15 p. m. of yesterday is just received. In answer, I have the honor to make the following report of the disposition of my forces: General Negley's division on the right, on high ground toward the mountain; General Baird across the road from Stevens' Gap to Dug Gap; General Brannan next on the left; General Reynolds on the left, one brigade covering Cooper's Gap. All the information I receive from citizens goes to confirm that a large force is concentrated at La Fayette. The information I have received from General McCook and sent you at 1 p. m. to-day is confirmatory of the information by citizens. The position occupied by

