
my troops is a good and defensible one. It was taken by General Negley when attacked yesterday, as he reports, by the whole of D. H. Hill's corps and a part of Buckner's force, with 2,000 cavalry.

General Brannan and General Baird, with General Brannan's division and one brigade of the First Division, are now out on a reconnaissance toward Dug Gap to ascertain more positively the position of the enemy as well as his strength, the result of which I will report to you on their return.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

GEO. H. THOMAS,

Major-General, U. S. Volunteers, Commanding.
HEADQUARTERS FOURTEENTH ARMY CORPS,Top of Stevens' Gap, September 12, 1863-8.30 p. m.

Major General W. S. ROSECRANS,

Comdg. Dept. of the Cumberland, Chattanooga, Tenn.:

GENERAL: Your dispatch of 10.15 p. m. yesterday, as well as that of 11.30 this morning, is received.

My forces hold the following positions, viz: General Negley on the right, on high ground toward the mountain; General Baird across the road from Stevens' Gap to Dug Gap; General Brannan next on the left; and General Reynolds on the left, one brigade covering Cooper's Gap.

All the information I receive from citizens goes to confirm that a large force is concentrated at La Fayette. The information I have received from General McCook and sent to you at 1 p. m. to-day is confirmatory of information by citizens. The position occupied by my troops is a good and defensible one. It was taken by General Negley yesterday when attacked, as he reports, by the whole of D. H. Hill's corps and a part of Buckner's force, with 2,000 cavalry.

General Brannan and General Baird, with General Brannan's division and one brigade of Baird's division, are now out on a reconnaissance toward Dug Gap to ascertain more positively the position of the enemy as well as his strength, the result of which I will report to you on their return. I have the honor to inclose a copy* of a communication received from General McCook this afternoon.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

GEO. H. THOMAS,

Major-General, U. S. Volunteers, Commanding.

P. S.-An orderly just returned from General Brannan reports them 1 mile from Dug Gap, having found no enemy.
HEADQUARTERS FOURTEENTH ARMY CORPS,Cooper's Gap, September 12, 1863-3.45 p. m.

Major General J. S. NEGLEY, Comdg. Second Division:

Your dispatch of 10.30 p. m. is received. Make disposition to send all your transportation up Stevens' Gap to the top of the mountain, except a sufficient quantity of ammunition to supply you.

---------------

*Not found as an inclosure. Communication referred to is probably McCook to Thomas, 7.30 a. m. p.569.

---------------

