
[Indorsement.]
HEADQUARTERS FOURTEENTH ARMY CORPS,Stevens' Gap, September 13, 1863-7 a. m.

GENERAL: I forward herewith the above copy of report from General Negley just received, which will give you all the information it has been possible for me to obtain of the position and strength of the enemy. The information contained in General Negley's report is substantially confirmed by dispatch received from General McCook last evening and forwarded to you. My entire corps in now in McLemore's Cove (with the exception of the regular brigade and Wilder's). I have just sent orders to Generals McCook and Stanley to close in to my support. I should have done that before had I known that you desired me to do so, but from the tenor of the communication received from you yesterday noon, I was led to believe that you would give orders for McCook to close in to my support.

There are three gaps through Pigeon Ridge by which my corps will have to advance on La Fayette-Blue Bird Gap, Dug Gap, and Catlett's Gap.

If the enemy's whole army is concentrated at La Fayette, I should think it would be better for McCook's troops to advance by Blue Bird Gap, supported on his right by Stanley, while my troops advance by the other two gaps, with General Crittenden on my left through Wicker's Gap. If General Burnside is near enough to advance a force by the main road, we should then have a strong and nearly continuous line.

I am, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

GEO. H. THOMAS,

Major-General, U. S. Volunteers, Commanding.
HEADQUARTERS FOURTEENTH ARMY CORPS,Cooper's Gap, September 12, 1863-3.45 a. m.

Brigadier-General BRANNAN,

Commanding Third Division:

Push forward with your troops as rapidly as you can, and reach Stevens' Gap if possible by daylight. Send your transportation behind Reynolds, and Negley can furnish you with ammunition.

Negley has been compelled to fall back to Stevens' Gap.

GEO. H. THOMAS.

Major-General, Commanding.
HDQRS. FOURTH DIVISION, 14TH ARMY CORPS,Near Cooper's Gap, September 12, 1863-10 a. m.

Colonel FLYNT:

COLONEL: I have just returned from foot of the mountain. Went with the Eleventh Ohio to Culp's Mill, which is about 1 mile from foot of mountain. Sent Colonel Jones with Thirty-sixth Ohio toward Rodgers' to ascertain whether General Negley occupied that point-found that he did. Communication is therefore established between General Turchin and General Negley. General T. took 2 prisoners last night, and 1 deserter came in. They say that it is

