
Cheatham's command (which they call a corps) opposed to Negley, and that they came by way of Dug Gap and not up Chattanooga Creek, by what is called the Cove road. They report 300 to 500 cavalry at Pond Spring; the largest number of guns that the citizens have seen in the possession of the rebels is six.

Very respectfully,

J. J. REYNOLDS,

Major-General.
HEADQUARTERS DEPARTMENT OF THE CUMBERLAND,Chattanooga, September 12, 1863-4.45 p. m.

Colonel J. T. WILDER,

Comdg. First Brig., Fourth Div., 14th Army Corps

COLONEL: The general commanding directs you, as soon as relieved by General Crittenden, to report with your command to Major-general Thomas, at or near Cooper's Gap; it is probable that the shortest route will be by the Summerville (i, e., the mountain) road, though it is probable that you could reach him by the road up Chattanooga Creek, General Crittenden has been directed to relieve your command as soon as a cavalry force which has been ordered to report to him arrives.

I am, sir, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

C. GODDARD,

Lieutenant-Colonel and Assistant Adjutant-General.
HEADQUARTERS TWENTIETH ARMY CORPS,Near Alpine, September 12, 1863-7.30 a. m.

Major-General THOMAS,

Commanding Fourteenth Army Corps:

The following information has just been sent in by Colonel Ed. McCook:

Colonel Brownlow has just returned from Chaney's, or Dirt Town, on the Rome road, and reports that none of Bragg's army has passed over; no wagons or force has passed. Wharton left at 2 o'clock to-day (September 11) toward La Fayette. He gathers from Union citizens and other sources that Bragg's whole force is at La Fayette, and Johnston's also. The cavalry pickets were struck by both battalions I sent out, one near the Narrows and the other near Dirt Town. A prisoner who left La Fayette this morning confirms what Colonel Brownlow reports. He says that Wheeler's force, consisting of Wharton's and Martin's commands, left La Fayette yesterday evening (September 10), toward Summerville. He counted over 7,000. The man says orders are issued at La Fayette by both Bragg and Johnston, and that they have no idea we can whip them. I would send the man through to-night but he might get away, and I regard it as of the utmost importance that Generals Stanley and McCook should have an opportunity of questioning him. Colonel Wheeler reported to have passed over the Sand Mountain in the direction of Lebanon, with a small force to cut off our supplies. The information I regard as definite and reliable is, that Bragg has not gone to Rome; that none of his force has passed over the Dalton road, and that there is but a small infantry and cavalry force in Rome (10,000 or 11,000 men). I think they may try me in the morning, if this be true.

EDW. M. McCOOK,

Colonel, Commanding.

This information must be taken with due allowance. Stanley will send all his cavalry toward La Fayette and ascertain what is there. I am not desirous of fighting Bragg's whole army, and in case he is concentrated at La Fayette I am in a false position, for I could not reach you. Where is Crittenden's corps? I will keep my

