
The general commanding thus publicly returns thanks to Colonel Taylor for the cordial support and co-operation which he, as a member of his staff, has rendered him on all occasions.

By command of Major-General Rosecrans:

C. GODDARD,

Assistant Adjutant-General.
HEADQUARTERS DEPARTMENT OF THE CUMBERLAND,Winchester, August 17, 1863.

Major-General THOMAS,

Commanding Fourteenth Army Corps:

GENERAL: A detachment of pioneers, who have been on duty at Decherd, were left behind by Captain O'Connell, commanding Pioneer Brigade. They have been ordered to report to you for orders forthwith. You will send them with the column of your command that goes to Stevenson, and direct their future movements until the officer commanding the detachment is able to report in person to Captain O'Connell, when you will order him to his brigade.

By command of Major-General Rosecrans:

HENRY M. CIST,

Lieutenant and Acting Assistant Adjutant-General.

Journal of operations of the Fourteenth Army Corps.

AUGUST 17, 1863.

Major-General Negley reports by telegraph from tunnel south of Cowan:

Infantry reached this point at dark last evening; train was camped at the foot of the mountain: road bad. Colonel Stanley, commanding Second Brigade, left one regiment at Cowan; two of his regiments are at Tantalon and Anderson.

Major-General Reynolds, commanding Fourth Division, reports that all of his troops had arrived at University last night; had experienced some difficulty in getting his train on account of bad roads. The Eighty-ninth Ohio, Colonel Carlton, was ordered to proceed to Tracy City this morning. The Third Brigade (Turchin's) to move at 6 this morning to Sweeden's Cove. Second Brigade (King's) and headquarters to move in the same direction as soon as possible. Wilder is to go to Tracy City this morning, under instructions from department headquarters. Sweeden's Cove is about 10 miles from the University. First Division, Brigadier-General Starkweather commanding, remains in camp between Anderson and Stevenson, near Anderson.
HEADQUARTERS FOURTEENTH ARMY CORPS,Decherd, Tenn., August 17, 1863.

F. S. BOND,

Aide-de-Camp:

I shall leave here to-morrow morning early. Guard to protect Government property here has been detailed.

Very respectfully,

GEO. H. THOMAS,

Major-General.

