HEADQUARTERS TWENTIETH ARMY CORPS,Near Alpine, September 12, 1863-8 a. m.

Colonel P. SIDNEY POST,

Commanding at Winston's:

Information is received here of a tolerable reliable character that a rebel colonel, Wheeler, with a force of about 500 men, has gone around, by way of Lebanon and Sand Mountain, to endeavor to cut off our supplies. General McCook wishes you to be on the lookout, and not only to caution all authorized parties of our men or trains going toward the Tennessee River, but to detain them or take such action as you deem necessary in the premises.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

G. P. THRUSTOR,

Assistant Adjutant-General and Chief of Staff.
HDQRS. FIRST BRIG., FIRST DIV., 20TH ARMY CORPS,At Winston's, September 12, 1863-1 p. m.

Colonel THRUSTOR:

COLONEL: All the trains that were here have gone up the mountain. General Sheridan's supply train has just arrived, but has been out of forage, and their animals are not in a condition to go immediately up. A cavalry supply train is on Sand Mountain without a guard. It cannot arrive in this valley before late to-night or early tomorrow. It was not all up the hill this side the Tennessee last night. General Johnson's and General Davis' supply trains are still behind at the Tennessee River. I shall send a guard back to meet this cavalry train.

I have information, apparently reliable, that there were 40 Confederate cavalry yesterday on Lookout Mountain, about 3 miles from this place. They were off of the road, and apparently waiting an opportunity to annoy our trains going from this place to your headquarters. My verbal instructions were to come on after these trains were up, leaving a guard for the supply trains and to protect General Davis' commissary stores till here. Does the order just received contemplate that I shall remain here until General Davis' supply train shall arrive?

I sent yesterday, through division headquarters, for instructions as to what shall be done with the sick of this corps and of the cavalry which are here and are utterly unable to march. They number about 250, and are out of rations. I have established a temporary hospital, but have not means for transporting them if I move. If instructions have not been sent, please forward them concerning this matter.

I have the honor to be, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

P. SIDNEY POST,

Colonel, Commanding Brigade.
HDQRS. FIRST BRIG., FIRST DIV., 20TH ARMY CORPS,Valley Head, September 12, 1863.

Captain MORRISON:

CAPTAIN: I received a dispatch from General McCook informing me that a force of 500 cavalry had probably gone around by way of

