
Lebanon, and directing me to "be on the lookout and not only caution all authorized parties of men and trains going toward the Tennessee River, but to detain them or take such action as you deem necessary in the premises."

I was informed that there was a large cavalry supply train coming over Sand Mountain without a soldier to guard it. I accordingly ordered what is left of the Seventy-fifth Regiment to move back and camp with it to-night and guard it to this place. The battalion of cavalry was ordered to remain with the cavalry train which went up yesterday, and they are not here. They had no orders to remain here until the cavalry train came up. This cavalry supply train cannot probably get nearer than 14 miles from here this evening.

General Davis' and General Johnson's supply trains have not yet come up on Sand Mountain.

There are no rations here but hard bread and salt meat-not the most satisfactory diet for sick men. There are 250 sick here. I am making the dispositions directed, and will be ready to march as soon as General Sheridan's supply train has cleared the hill, so that our train can go up.

I have the honor to be, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

P. SIDNEY POST,

Colonel, Commanding Brigade.
HEADQUARTERS TWENTIETH ARMY CORPS,Near Alpine, September 12, 1863.

Major General P. H. SHERIDAN,

Commanding Third Division:

GENERAL: General McCook directs that you take immediate measures to provide your command with an abundant supply of forage by sending trains out front with suitable escort.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

G. P. THRUSTOR,

Assistant Adjutant-General and Chief of Staff.
HEADQUARTERS TWENTIETH ARMY CORPS,September 12-midnight.

Major General P. H. SHERIDAN,

Commanding Third Division, Twentieth Army Corps:

GENERAL: General McCook desires to see you here immediately. I am, general, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

A. C. McCLURG,

Captain and Acting Assistant Adjutant-General.
HEADQUARTERS TWENTY-FIRST ARMY CORPS,Ringgold, September 12, 1863-2 a. m.

Brigadier General J. A. GARFIELD:

GENERAL: I was surprised and annoyed to hear, as I did a few moments since from Lieutenant Carter, of the Fourth Michigan Regiment, that you had not heard from me at 10 o'clock last night. I

