
sent you a dispatch from this place, dated 1 o'clock yesterday. I received by Captain Oldershaw and he delivered orders to general at 2.30 yesterday. I have acknowledged receipt of subsequent orders, and send you my action thereon. I shall change line of couriers so as to run them down the Rossville and La Fayette road. Harker pushed his reconnaissance as far as Jordan's Mill. He reports Bragg, Hill, and Polk as having left the night before. He was resisted only by cavalry.

Respectfully, your obedient servant,

T. L. CRITTENDEN,

Major-General, Commanding.
HEADQUARTERS DEPARTMENT OF THE CUMBERLAND,Chattanooga, September 12, 1863.

Major-General CRITTENDEN,

Commanding Twenty-first Army Corps:

GENERAL: The general commanding has ordered the Fourth U. S. Cavalry to report to you for duty immediately, to be followed as soon as possible by the remainder of Minty's brigade. He directs you as soon as the Fourth U. S. Cavalry reports to relieve Colonel Wilder's brigade, and direct him to report to Major-General Thomas in accordance with the orders herein inclosed, which please transmit him at once.

I am, sir, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

C. GODDARD,

Lieutenant-Colonel and Assistant Adjutant-General.
HEADQUARTERS TWENTY-FIRST ARMY CORPS,Ringgold, September 12, 1863-1 a. m.

Brigadier General J. A. GARFIELD,

Chief of Staff, Dept. of the Cumberland, Chattanooga:

GENERAL: In obedience (not blind) to your orders* of 3.30 p. m.

of this date, received at 8.30 same date, I march in the morning at daylight to or near the La Fayette road, at some point between the places designated in the orders. I shall send Van Cleve on the road leading from here by Peeler's, with my wagons. The wagons I shall order to be left under guard at Peeler's until something is developed. I do this because I have a road said to be good all to myself from this point, either to Chattanooga or to La Fayette.

Palmer will march by Gilbert's south a short distance of Van Cleve, and without baggage. I shall send Wilder down the road from this place direct toward La Fayette, with instruction to attack boldly, and report often. Wilder is now at Tunnel Hill, and will have to return. I will order him to leave a strong rear guard, which will not move, unless driven, until long after we have gone. He will not move until after the rest of my command, and so I think I shall be in position before it is known that I have changed my course. I hope these arrangements are in accordance with your views.

In my opinion the enemy have already fled beyond my reach. My

---------------

*See p. 545.

---------------

