
only hope, or rather my great hope, is that General Thomas or General McCook may be able to hit them a side lick.

Wilder is ordered to communicate with General Thomas, if he can, tomorrow (and I think he can), and take orders from General Thomas at once, only not to uncover my flank until I have had a sufficient notice to take care of myself.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

T. L. CRITTENDEN,

Major-General, Commanding.

RINGGOLD; GA., September 12, 1863-9.30 a. m.

Major-General CRITTENDEN,

Commanding Twenty-first Army Corps:

GENERAL: The deserters from White's battery, Wharton's division, who had a difficulty with his captain and shot him this morning, and then escaped, says that Forrest was at Tunnel Hill last night and went this morning before daylight, with not less than 3,000 cavalry, around toward La Fayette to flank and cut off my command; and that Wharton went with another force to my left to do the same thing by way of Parker's Gap and Ringgold. I expect to meet Forrest this forenoon. He says that Joe Johnston was at Dalton yesterday morning. He knows him, and saw him. Also states that Bragg is superseded by Johnston. Deserter's name is R. T. Snow; lives at Bridgeport.

Respectfully, yours,

J. T. WILDER,

Colonel, Commanding.
HEADQUARTERS TWENTY-FIRST ARMY CORPS,One Mile north of Gilbert's 3 Miles from Gordon's Mills,

September 12, 1863-10.45 a. m.

Brigadier General J. A. GARFIELD, Chief of Staff, Chattanooga:

SIR: I have the honor to inform you that I have just arrived here. General Palmer is here, and is now sending forward to feel his way to Gordon's Mills and to learn where Wood is. Citizens state that the enemy have left for Rome. There has been a little skirmishing to-day heard in the direction of Gordon's Mills, and can be heard now.

Van Cleve I have not yet heard from, but have no doubt he is in his position near Peeler's.

I am, sir, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

T. L. CRITTENDEN,

Major-General, Commanding.
HEADQUARTERS TWENTY-FIRST ARMY CORPS.

Three Miles east of Gordon's Mills, near Gilbert's,September 12, 1863-2 p. m.

Brigadier General J. A. GARFIELD, Chief of Staff:

SIR: I wrote you at 10.45 a. m., since when I have the honor to report having heard from General Wood at Gordon's Mills, who is there with his two brigades. General Palmer has also a brigade there (Hazen's). Colonel Wilder's information from deserters leads

