
him to think that he is to-day to be flanked right and left, but I know that he cannot be flanked on his right if he carries out his order of march, and I have written to encourage and urge him.

Should General Thomas be in the vicinity of La Fayette, as stated in your order of yesterday morning, I think that between him and Colonel Wilder, all the enemy north of La Fayette will be effectually bagged.

My command will be encamped in this vicinity, as near in conformity with my letter to you of this morning as water will permit. I move myself for Gordon's Mills to await orders from you, where I shall establish my headquarters unless I hear that General Thomas needs support.

I am, sir, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

T. L. CRITTENDEN,

Major-General, Commanding.
HEADQUARTERS TWENTY-FIRST ARMY CORPS,Gordon's Mills, September 12, 1863-4.45 p. m.

(Received 9.30 p. m.)

Brigadier-General GARFIELD,

Chief of Staff, Chattanooga:

SIR: I wrote you at 2 p. m., since when I have arrived here. As I was leaving the position I last wrote from I heard cannonading to my left, and supposing it to be Wilder, ordered Palmer to send a brigade in the directio of the firing, and I have just dispatched Hazen's brigade in same direction (direction of La Fayette from here). On the return of the reconnaissance, Palmer and his command will encamp here, as there is no water elsewhere on the position ordered for my forces. Thus my whole command is here, or within striking distance of each other.

The audacity of the rebel cavalry surprises me, and I can hardly realize that Generals Thomas and McCook are in the positions supposed, or at least that the former is not at or near La Fayette. I have received of General Wood the information he sent you (received from his scout) an hour ago. Wilder has not again reported since I wrote you of his dispatch. I look to hear from him every moment. Should he have encamped too far from my reach for safety, I shall order him back.

I am, sir, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

T. L. CRITTENDEN,

Major-General, Commanding.

General Palmer has just returned, but without communicating with any one. He reports, however, that the enemy "put out and dusted" on receipt of a few round shot, supposed to be from Wilder. Hazen has just sent word that he is skirmishing one-half a mile from here. I have ordered him to clean out his front and return. I still believe that the enemy is running, and that he will make no stand short of Rome.

The inclosed note* from General Van Cleve will explain my train being here. I am glad it is, as the place is very defensible, and it keeps my command together.

T. L. C.

---------------

*Not found.

---------------

