
here. He had a fight to-day at Leet's Tan-yard, with 7 killed and 23 wounded, 1 a captain. He drove the enemy, and about dark thinks that he saw two regiments infantry to his right, and believes that there was a brigade in the woods. He captured 1 infantryman belonging to a North Carolina regiment, who says that Buckner's corps is between Leet's and La Fayette. He captured 10 men belonging to Pegram's command, and lost 2 of his own, prisoners.

The fight was principally with Pegram's brigade, who had four regiments and five guns. The ground was so covered with timber that he could not use his artillery, but he dismounted his men and drove the enemy 2 miles through heavy brush, over rolling ground. The enemy fell back on what he believes an infantry reserve, two regiments of which were plainly visible in an open field. His skirmishers then engaged the infantry and drove it into the cover of the woods.

It has always been the plan of the enemy to make stubborn defenses on a retreat, and I do not yet believe that there is a strong force of infantry in the vicinity of La Fayette.

If General Thomas is in the position that I understand him to occupy, viz, this side of the mountain, and in the vicinity of La Fayette, it is unaccountable to me that the rebel cavalry should make such demonstrations as they do. I am not, however, given over blindly to my opinion, and shall be cautious, occupying a position here that I think I can defend. I await your orders. I have received none since 2.30 a. m.

I am, sir, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

T. L. CRITTENDEN,

Major-General, Commanding.
HDQRS. FIRST DIVISION, TWENTY-FIRST ARMY CORPS,Gordon's Mills, September 12, 1863-6 a. m.

Brigadier General J. A. GARFIELD,

Chief of Staff:

GENERAL: On my arrival here at 8.30 p. m. last evening I at once sent you a dispatch. In it I requested further instructions last night for the reason that the letter of instruction sent me by Captain Oldershaw was somewhat modified by the verbal instructions he said he was directed to deliver to me. I have not heard a word from either department or corps headquarters since my arrival here. I really do not know where the latter are-whether at Ringgold, beyond, toward Dalton, or whether General Crittenden (supposing he has passed Ringgold) has inclined to the right or southwest. I regret I have heard nothing from department headquarters since my arrival here, for if I were to incline to the left after crossing the Chickamauga (according to the written instructions brought by Captain Oldershaw), I ought to do it very son after getting on the other side. Of course, if I am to follow the verbal instructions, I would go straight on.

It is 13 miles hence to La Fayette. The owner of this establishment says it was a common talk among the soldiers that a stand was to be made at La Fayette to check us for a time; the grand stand to be made at Rome.

The letter of instruction brought by Captain Oldershaw says the Rossville and La Fayette road will be my line of march, but in the

