HEADQUARTERS DEPARTMENT OF THE CUMBERLAND,Chattanooga, September 12. 1863-11.45 a. m.

Brigadier-General WOOD:

The above dispatch* was sent to General Crittenden, and a copy to you. We supposed you had received it before night, and would see from it the general movement of the corps, and would conform your own movements to it. General Crittenden commenced the execution of this order very early this morning, and will probably be thrown forward to attack the enemy which assaulted General negley yesterday. Hold your command in readiness for a movement as soon as you shall hear from General Crittenden. Repair the bridges at Gordon's Mills if you have time. Let us have any news you may get.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

J. A. GARFIELD,

Brigadier-General and Chief of Staff.
HDQRS. FIRST DIVISION, TWENTY-FIRST ARMY CORPS,Snow Hill, or Gordon's Mills, September 12, 1863-2.30 p. m.

Brigadier General J. A. GARFIELD,

Chief of Staff:

GENERAL: I am just in receipt of a note from department headquarters, signed by Major Bond, saying the commanding general desires me to obtain information about the Dry Valley road, by Couch's over Missionary Ridge to Squire Mitchell's. The road is good, quite as good as this (the Rossville and La Fayette road). It passes 1 mile west of this place, and the communication between the two roads is frequent and facile by cross roads. The Dry Valley road has a branch leading over Lookout Mountain to Trenton, and farther south, at the upper end of McLemore's Cove, it forks again, one branch leading over the mountain through Stevens' Gap and the other fork to La Fayette. This information is furnished me by Mr. Lee, the owner of the mill, who is a person of fair intelligence, and speaks confidently. The Chickamauga rises in the cove, and the road crosses it in the cove, where it (the stream) is very small and not bridged, a bridge not being necessary.

Respectfully, your obedient servant,

TH. J. WOOD,

Brigadier-General of Volunteers, Commanding.
HDQRS. FIRST DIVISION, TWENTY-FIRST ARMY CORPS,Snow Hill, or Gordon's Mills, September 12, 1863-3 p. m.

Brigadier General J. A. GARFIELD,

Chief of Staff:

GENERAL: One of my scouts has just got in, who reports to me that the rebels have a force of some 12,000 massed at La Fayette, with the intention of resisting there the farther progress of this corps. He says they are well informed of what part of our army is

---------------

*For dispatch referred to, see Garfield to Crittenden, September 11, 3.30 p. m., p. 545.

---------------

