
is from 60,000 to 70,000 strong, but they do not think it so much, and that the strength is exaggerated to encourage the men.

Another deserter, who was brought in with these men, reports himself belonging to White's battery, attached to one of Forrest's brigades of cavalry. He says he killed Captain White this morning, two hours before day, and made his escape. The captain had drawn his pistol to shoot him, when he seized a gun and shot him. This man says he left Rome, Ga., with his battery, Thursday morning, and the brigade to which it is attached, coming up by the way of Dalton. He reports a considerable force at Rome, actively engaged in fortifying; also reports rebels fortifying at another place called the Pineries, some 10 miles from Rome, south. He says when he passed through Dalton, which was yesterday afternoon, the troops brought from Mississippi by Johnston were being shipped to Rome by rail. He says he saw a train of six cars perfectly loaded down. He says he knows Johnston by sight, and saw him in Dalton. He reports Breckinridge with a division at Marietta, Ga. From Dalton, yesterday afternoon, his brigade and battery marched to Tunnel Hill, and encamped last night, where he killed Captain White this morning. Forrest he reports to have been there with Van Dorn's old cavalry command, and Cruse's or Crews' cavalry. He says there are not many of the Georgia State troops (those called out by Governor

Brown for the defense of Georgia) at Rome. He says they are mostly at Atlanta, guarding prisoners or guarding railroad bridges.

All these men confirm the dissatisfaction among the Tennessee troops and those from Northern Georgia and Alabama. I would desire that this resume be sent immediately to department headquarters.

Respectfully, your obedient servant,

TH. J. WOOD,

Brigadier-General of Volunteers, Commanding.

SEPTEMBER 12, 1863.

Statement of William M. Warren, Company F, Eighth Mississippi Infantry, Colonel Wilkinson: I left my command yesterday morning (11th of September), about 1 mile from Chickamauga, distance from this place 12 miles. I belonged to Jackson's brigade of five regiments, Cheatham's division. The private soldiers are generally very much down, and praying for the war to stop. I think the division was going to Rome. My brigade has been stationed about 3 miles from this place on the Knoxville road. The citizens and soldiers are generally willing to do anything for peace. Before the troops marched yesterday morning, the Tennessee troops mutinied, and refused to move at all. Several speeches were made,

and by great persuasion and promises they were induced to take up their arms.

SPECIAL FIELD ORDERS, HDQRS DEPT. OF THE CUMBERLAND,

Numbers 246. Chattanooga, September 12, 1863.

X. Brigadier General G. D. Wagner is assigned to the command of the post of Chattanooga. He is charged with the defense of the post

