
you move your whole command to this place and encamp on the east side of the Chickamauga (the side you are no). Your picket guard must be strong and very vigilant. The whole command is concentrated here, including your train.

I am, sir, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

P. P. OLDERSHAW,

Captain and Assistant Adjutant-General.
HEADQUARTERS TWENTY-FIRST CORPS,Gordon's Mills, September 12, 1863-11 p. m.

Major-General PALMER,

Commanding Second Division:

SIR: The general commanding directs me to inform you that he has just received information that the Fourteenth Army Corps is not in the position it was supposed to occupy, and that a portion of the command has been driven back by a superior force. He therefore directs that special instructions be sent to your picket lines (which he supposes to be already strong) to-night requiring great vigilance, and that your entire command be under arms before day.

I am, sir, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

P. P. OLDERSHAW,

Captain and Assistant Adjutant-General.

ORDERS.] HDQRS. SECOND DIV., TWENTY-FIRST ARMY CORPS,

Ringgold, Ga., September 12, 1863-1.30 a. m.

The division will march at 5 a. m., General Hazen leading, followed by General Cruft. All the transportation, except the ambulances, medical wagon, and ordnance train, will remain in the rear and follow the column of General Van Cleve. A staff officer will report to General Hazen with a guide. Instructions as to the route will be given in the morning.

By order of Major-General Palmer:

J. R. MUHLEMAN,

Captain and Assistant Adjutant-General.
HDQRS. SECOND BRIG., SECOND DIV., 21ST ARMY CORPS,Snow Hill, or Gordon's Mills, September 12, 1863-1 p. m.

Captain J. R. MUHLEMAN,

Assistant Adjutant-General:

I have just reached General Wood's headquarters. The rebels are said to be in quite heavy force at La Fayette, with considerable force this side, probably to hold us back. They are without doubt retreating on Rome. I await with my brigade for orders.

Very respectfully,

W. B. HAZEN,

Brigadier-General.

