
SHELLMOUND, TENN., September 12, 1863.

General GARFIELD, Chief of Staff, Chattanooga:

I have the honor to inform you that I arrived here to-day with my Ishmaelites, and, as I hold the pass between Hog Jaw and Turnip Salad Valleys, I hold a good position as to my commissariat. My command consists of the Eighty-fifth, One hundred and twenty-fifth Illinois, Fifty-second Ohio, and Barnett's battery. The Eighty-sixth Illinois will join me the day after tomorrow. I await instructions from you.

I am, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

DANL. McCOOK,

Colonel, Comdg. Second Brig., Second Div., Reserve Corps.
HEADQUARTERS DEPARTMENT OF THE CUMBERLAND,Chattanooga, September 12, 1863.

Colonel D. McCOOK, Commanding Brigade:

COLONEL: The general commanding directs that you come forward with your command to this place at once, in accordance with orders previously given to General Granger. You had better start early in the morning.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

FRANK S. BOND,

Major and Aide-de-Camp.
HEADQUARTERS DEPARTMENT OF THE CUMBERLAND,Chattanooga, September 12, 1863.

Major-General STANLEY, Chief of Cavalry:

The general commanding directs me to say that after the most explicit order to connect with and keep open courier lines, he finds that neither your own nor General McCook's headquarters are connected with the headquarters of the department or of General Thomas. He directs me to say there is no military offense, except running from the enemy, so inexcusable as a neglect to keep up communications with headquarters. Our lines are now much extended, and we must husband our resources. The general commanding therefore directs that you at once establish courier lines to General McCook's headquarters and to Easley's, there to connect with our lines, via Winston's up the valley, or by the mountain road-the latter believed to be the most preferable. It is of the greatest importance that our dispatches should be forwarded with promptness.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

FRANK S. BOND,

Major and Aide-de-Camp.
HEADQUARTERS TWENTIETH ARMY CORPS,Near Alpine, September 12, 1863-midnight.

General D. S. STANLEY, Commanding Cavalry:

The following is a dispatch just received from the general commanding:*

General McCook desires to know if you have heard anything from

---------------

*See Garfield to McCook, September 12, 10.30 a. m., p. 570.

---------------

