
General Crook? He has sent for all his division commanders, and his movement will commence in accordance with the above orders immediately, unless news from Crook within an hour or two changes the aspect of matters.

I have the honor to be, general, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

G. P. THRUSTOR,

Assistant Adjutant-General and Chief of Staff.

P. S.-The general thinks you had better stop any farther movement of your train up the mountain for the present.

G. P. THRUSTOR,

Assistant Adjutant-General.
HEADQUARTERS CAVALRY,Alpine, Ga., September 12, 1863-3 p. m.

Brigadier General J. A. GARFIELD, Chief of Staff:

GENERAL: Yesterday I sent a strong force to Melville, under Colonel McCook, and from that point sent Colonel Brownlow with a force to Dirt Town, or Dr. Chaney's. No trains have passed on this route, which is the main Chattanooga and Rome road, but a long column of dust was seen on the Dalton and Rome road going in the direction of Rome. The deserter from The Fourth Tennessee Cavalry who came in this morning says the cavalry have sent all their baggage back to Rome. Thursday evening this deserter left Trion Factory, 5 1/2 miles northeast of La Fayette. There was some little infantry; he says he was told two divisions. I have just received your dispatch; have already anticipated its directions. I sent Crook to-day with the entire force of cavalry to drive into La Fayette and see what they have at that place. I shall hear from him in a couple of hours. My belief is that the rebels will not fight at La Fayette, but at Resaca. My dysentery, which has been working on me for a week, has completely prostrated me, so that I am not able to be out of bed but a few minutes at a time. I am a little better to-day, and hope to be up in a few days.

The divisions at La Fayette Thursday evening were Withers' and Breckinridge's. Forrest's and Wharton's forces were certainly at La Fayette yesterday. The ordnance of Wharton's and Forrest's cavalry went on to Rome Thursday. I will be able to give you something definite tomorrow morning.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

D. S. STANLEY,

Major-General.
HDQRS. SECOND BRIGADE, SECOND CAVALRY DIVISION,Valley Store, September 12, 1863-10 p. m.

Colonel McCOOK:

SIR: I have a battalion just returned from Trion Factory, which has met with no enemy in that direction. If your horses are not too tired, I would like to have you move toward La Fayette at daylight in the morning. I will move in that direction at that time on this road.

Very respectfully,

GEORGE CROOK,

Brigadier-General.

