
few wagons as possible. The Second Division is now moving with but two wagons per regiment including headquarters. As Soon as a wagon is empty send it back, and let it forage its way. This will save much transportation.

You should leave Crab Orchard with fifteen days' in wagon of light rations, and as much as the men can well carry. Have beef enough on the hoof so that in case of delay we can decrease the other rations and increase the beef. We must depend on the country exclusively for coarse forage, and to some extent for corn. Do not wait for trains if they are near enough to overtake you. Take all the wagons necessary you can lay your hands on. It is of vital importance that we move as soon as possible and press forward with all dispatch. Have you not a larger ammunition train than is necessary? If so, turn in surplus to ordnance officer at Crab Orchard.

Employ such scouts and guides as may be necessary. Look out for attempts to cut off your trains, particularly from your left flank. Move with as much dispatch as you can without breaking down your men. Move on the route via Barboursville and Cumberland Ford and Gap, thence via Tazewell to Knoxville.

I am, general, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

N. BOWEN,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

LONDON, KY.,

September 12, 1863.

General R. B. POTTER:

Division will arrive here to-day. Will lie over until Monday to repair damages and collect trains. Very hard roads up to this point.

Cannot proceed until Monday.

E. FERRERO,

Brigadier-General.

CAMP NELSON, KY.,

September 12, 1863.

General POTTER:

Would it be possible for Colonel Biddle to take 500 horses to De Courcy? I am having a large lot to send to General Burnside, and have no men to take them.

T. E. HALL,

Captain and Assistant Quartermaster.

CAMP NELSON,

September 12, 1863.

General POTTER:

Lieutenant Galpin, Second Michigan, has fifteen wagon-loads of baggage belonging to the First Division. He reports a portion of it as worthless and of no service to the men after he gets it there.

Ought not this be condemned here and not sent forward? I await instructions from you.

T. E. HALL,

Captain and Assistant Quartermaster.

