
SEPTEMBER [12], 1863.

Major-General BURNSIDE,

Knoxville, Tenn.:

Colonel Graham reports his outpost pickets have been attacked near Rheatown to-day, and that there had been considerable fighting; he thinks the enemy is in force and moving this way. He has had 1 seriously wounded, and reports 6 of the enemy killed. He thinks the enemy has a large force; says General Jackson commands the advance. I give you these reports as I receive them, in order that you may be fully informed.

JOHN W. FOSTER,

Colonel, Commanding Brigade.
HEADQUARTERS TWENTY-THIRD ARMY CORPS,Knoxville, Tenn., September 12, 1863.

Colonel FRANK WOLFORD,

Comdg. Independent Cavalry Brigade, 23rd Army Corps:

The general commanding the corps directs that you send to the camp of the Second East Tennessee Mounted Infantry for private John W. Laugherty, Company K, and James Kirby, a citizen of Jefferson County, Tenn., who is with Laugherty, and get from them their statement in regard to John Douglass, a rebel quartermaster, Thomas Henry, and Henry Reese, who are reported to be gathering up horses and cattle in Jefferson and Sevier, for the rebel army. Also in regard to a quantity of wheat at Bowman's Mills, on French Broad River, on the Dandridge road. The general directs that if, after hearing their statement you deem it best, that you send an expedition to capture the men and property, using, if you wish, Laugherty and Kirby as guides.

I have the honor to be, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

E. O. BROWN,

Major and Aide-de-Camp.

WAR DEPARTMENT,

Washington, D. C., September 13, 1863-1.30 p. m.*

Major-General GRANT, or

Major-General SHERMAN,

Vicksburg:

It is quite possible that Bragg and Johnston will move through Northern Alabama to the Tennessee, to turn General Rosecrans'

right and cut off his communication. All of General Grant's available forces should be sent to Memphis, thence to Corinth and Tuscumbia, to co-operate with Rosecrans, should the rebels attempt that movement.

H. W. HALLECK,

General-in-Chief.

SHERMAN'S HEADQUARTERS,

September 13, 1863.

Colonel J. CONDIT SMITH

If you can supply all citizen teamsters for division trains, I will order the soldier teamsters back to their companies, but if they are

---------------

*See foot-note (*) Part I, p. 36.

---------------

