
will want the whole of it in time for our sick, and you may tell those occupying stores that they may have to move somewhere." On this, I suppose, originated the report above alluded to. I should not authorize any step of the kind without going through the proper military authority.
Great efforts are being made by agents to get possession again of the Commercial Hotel, after I have gone to all the expense of fitting it up, but as I think the sailors are entitled to some place of refuge (and it is the only house we occupy of the many hundreds occupied on the river), I shall not give it up easily, and hope that you will aid me in holding on to it. Andrews, the owner, is as arrant a rebel as there is in the country.

I have just come up from below. General Steele seems to be progressing finely, and will soon have possession of Little Rock. The rebels are preparing to run away with Price at their head.

Part of my command (the brigade) captured $2,200,000,3 paymasters, and an escort of 30 men, bound to Little Rock. This will not add to the satisfaction of the rebel troops when they know it; they are now deserting by scores.

One of the gunboats went up White River and Captured a Colonel Mattock, who was conscripting, and the people would have lynched him if they could have got him into their possession.

General Steele has now four fresh gunboats, in addition to what I have already sent, and will be supplied with more if he wishes them.

Very respectfully,

DAVID D. PORTER,

Rear-Admiral.

CORINTH, September 13, 1863.

Major-General HURLBUT:

The following is just received from Colonel Morrill, at Glendale:

A citizen just in says that Roddey left the valley yesterday morning, taking his whole force except Moreland's battalion. He leaves in the direction of Decatur.

E. A. CARR,

Brigadier-General.

CORINTH, September 13, 1863.

Major-General HURLBUT,

Commanding Sixteenth Army Corps:

The following dispatch has been received from Colonel Mersy:

I have just received the following dispatch from Saulsbury:

"Two deserters have just come in from Ferguson's command, which they left night before last 8 miles below Ripley. They say he had with him 1,500 men, besides twelve pieces of artillery (four 1-pounder guns, eight 6-pounder guns), and that it was the talk in camp they were to unite with another force, under Chalmers, and others to be under the command of a general by the name of Lee, and that with that force the road to be attacked, but where they do not seem to know or give their opinions.

"JOHN I. RINAKER."

Roddey's flag of truce reports that Rosecrans had a fight some distance south from Chattanooga, and was forced to fall back a short distance.

E. A. CARR,

Brigadier-General, Commanding.

