
I have a line up Chattanooga Valley, and expect one to Pigeon Valley tomorrow or next day. We expect to reach General Thomas from there. I will inform you as soon as we get it, when you and Hollopeter will cross the mountain and open from some point on Lookout Mountain. You can get all the rations you need at Chattanooga.

SAM'L BACHTELL,

Lieutenant and Acting Signal Officer.

SIGNAL STATION, NEAR ROSSVILLE,

September 13, 1863. (Received 2.20 p. m.)

Captain MERRILL:

All silent now.

J. R. FITCH,

Acting Signal Officer.
HEADQUARTERS FOURTEENTH ARMY CORPS,Stevens' Gap, September 13, 1863-7 a. m.

Major-General ROSECRANS,

Commanding Department of the Cumberland:

GENERAL: I have th honor to transmit copy of order sent this morning to General McCook.* I would respectfully state that the enemy's position for obtaining information and watching our movements is far superior to ours, as they move their troops behind Pigeon Mountain, and have the mountain from which to observe all our movements. The long line of dust seen rising from behind this mountain indicates the movement of a large body of troops. Our present position holding the gaps is a safe one, but a forward movement, unless made with our whole force, would be attended with great danger to our troops. This information was obtained yesterday from officers watching the movements of the enemy.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

GEO. H. THOMAS,

Major-General, U. S. Volunteers.
HEADQUARTERS TWENTIETH ARMY CORPS,Near Alpine, September 13, 1863-8.15 a. m.

Major-General THOMAS,

Commanding Fourteenth Army Corps:

GENERAL: I have received orders to march to your assistance. My movements commenced at daylight. I am marching directly from Alpine to the head of McLemore's Cove (Dougherty's Gap). I will push everything to reach you. I will be found at Dougherty's Gap, or on the road leading from that gap to Alpine, at any time to-day. If you wish me to take any other direction, send me word. I will be near you to-night. General Crook sends word, from the information he has, that the enemy have evacuated La Fayette with

---------------

*See Thomas to McCook, September 13, 6.05 a. m., p. 602.

---------------

