
MANCHESTER, August 17, 1863-4 a.m.

General GARFIELD:

Wood encamped last night at foot of mountains, 3 miles south of Pelham; Palmer 9 miles out on road to Irving College; Van Cleve 7 miles from McMinnville. All promise to be at their posts in time. I leave this morning for Irving College.

T. L. CRITTENDEN,

Major-General.
HEADQUARTERS FIRST DIVISION,August 17, 1863.

General G. D. WAGNER,

Commanding Second Brigade:

GENERAL: You can move on with your brigade and train (with a view to supporting Colonel Wilder) as far as Therman, without waiting for me at Pruden's, as heretofore ordered, but I do not wish you to advance beyond Therman until I come up with the rest of the command. I now confidently expect to reach Therman by nightfall Wednesday, and nothing but most unforeseen and extraordinary difficulties and obstacles will prevent me from reaching there at that time. Put the road in order as you go on, as you will have much more time to make the march in than I will, and a shorter distance to go.

On reaching Therman, select at once a convenient and defensible camp, sufficient for the entire division and trains; occupy it with your brigade and hold the rest of the site for me till I come up. That you may select the camp with a better informed judgment, I will inform you that our trains will be parked there when we cross Walden's Ridge with the troops.

I will work all night here and hope to get up everything in the morning. I will then give the troops and animals a little rest and move on.

I hear there is a considerable bridge near Tracy City in bad order. You and Wilder, between you, must put that in good order for me before I come up. You and he will have ample time to do that and reach Therman Wednesday, whereas I will not. An accident, even trivial, if I should chance to have bad weather, would throw me out of time; so do not neglect this matter.

I know Wilder's orders, having received the full programme in orders of the movements of the entire army, Reserve Corps and all. He is not to make his demonstration across Walden's Ridge till Thursday, when we will support him with a brigade of infantry, as will also General Palmer.

Respectfully,

TH. J. WOOD.

HDQRS. THIRD DIVISION, TWENTY-FIRST ARMY CORPS.

August 17, 1863-2 p.m.

Lieutenant Colonel LYNE STARLING,

Chief of Staff, Twenty-first Army Corps:

COLONEL: At 11 a. m. yesterday received orders to march; at 12.30 column started from McMinnville. Took Harrison trace, the Spencer road being impassable. Crossed Collins River; encamped

