
the country on which I could completely rely. I send you a map* of the region between Stevens' and Cooper's Gaps and Blue Bird and Catlett's Gaps.

I am, general, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

GEO. H. THOMAS,

Major-General, U. S. Volunteers, Commanding.

P. S.* - There are three good roads leading from Dougherty's Gap, head of this cove, leading to Chattanooga, one leading from the foot of Stevens' Gap along Chattanooga Creek, and one through the center of the valley by Bailey's Cross-Roads Spring, and the third by Davis' Roads and Crawfish Spring, or Gordon's Mills.

GEO. H. THOMAS,

Major-General, Commanding.
HDQRS. SECOND DIVISION, FOURTEENTH ARMY CORPS, Stevens' Gap, September 13, 1863-6.30 p. m.

Lieutenant Colonel GEORGE E. FLYNT, Chief of Staff:

COLONEL: I have the honor to communicate the following statement made by 2 deserters (Wesley and James Dozier) from the Eighteenth Tennessee, who have just entered my lines:

Belong to Brown's brigade, Stewart's division, Buckner's corps; left yesterday morning while the corps was marching back from the north side of Chickamauga Creek; are from Bedford Country, Tenn.; were conscripted; entered the service against our principles; have been in service four months; left Loudon two weeks ago, via Charleston; turned off at Chickamauga Station; encamped on night of the 10th instant on the north side of Chickamauga Creek, 1 1/2 miles from Federal position. Buckner's corps in composed of Preston's and Stewart's divisions (eight brigades); can't tell how many batteries - two batteries of six guns each were in the fight.

Brown's brigade has 1,700 men. Saw a brigade of Forrest's division of cavalry, commanded by Forrest in person, pass in the morning toward the fight. Started toward Federal lines at 10 a. m., Brown's brigade in reserve, marched 1 1/2 miles north of Chickamauga Creek, threw out skirmishers one-half mile farther. Hill's troops did most of the fighting-understood it was the intention to cut off the Federals. The cavalry kept to right of us in the road. Started back at 8 p. m., marched 1 mile south of the creek; heard our colonel (Palmer) say that with the force we had we ought to have cut off the Yankees. General Buckner was present; saw him at 10 a. m. Understood that General Hill was present. Hill was three divisions in his corps. Bragg's army is concentrated at La Fayette.

This statement is confirmed by three reliable citizens, one of whom was an observer from the mountain during the action.

I have the honor to remain, yours, very truly,JAS. S. NEGLEY,

Major-General.

HDQRS. THIRD BRIG., FOURTH DIV., 14TH ARMY CORPS, Cooper's Gap, Ga., September 13, 1863.

Major JOHN LEVERING,

Assistant Adjutant-General:

GENERAL: Mr. Keyes reports that some of our troops were coming down from the Lookout Mountain through Knight's Gap yesterday evening, and that our troops in large force were yesterday at Crawfish Springs, in the Chickamauga Valley, 8 miles from here. There

---------------

*Not found.

---------------

