
were at the Pond Spring three brigades of rebel infantry, who left that place at 10 o'clock yesterday morning to meet our troops. A large rebel force was seen yesterday marching from the neighborhood of Pond Spring toward Rock Spring, and through Worthen's Gap, in Pigeon Mountain. Mr. Keyes started from his own house and went to Joshua Dickey's, thence to A. Campbell's, thence to Mrs. McCoy's, thence to Pond Spring, thence to Mr. Alley's, thence to Widow Matthews', thence to our camp.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

J. B. TURCHIN,

Brigadier-General, U. S. Volunteers.
HDQRS. NINETY-SECOND ILLINOIS VOLUNTEERS, Chattanooga Valley, 2 1/2 Miles north of Squire Mitchell's, September 13, 1863-2 p. m.

Major LEVERING:

MAJOR: I have been to Gordon's Mills and found that General Wood was left with his brigade, while General Crittended has moved with his corps across from Gordon's over the ridge. I found him (General Crittenden) near the Cove road, his troops resting for dinner on the ridge on the road from Gordon's Mills entering Chattanooga Valley (or McLemore's Cove), 10 miles north of where I camped last night on Chattanooga road - the one I came out on. I forward for him a dispatch to General Rosecrans, to be opened by General Thomas. I will come down through the ridges direct to Pond Spring with my regiment and reconnoiter the country. I hear of scattering rebels, but not in force.

Respectfully,S. D. ATKINS,

Colonel Ninety-second Illinois.
HEADQUARTERS FOURTEENTH ARMY CORPS, Cooper's Gap, September 13, 1863-6.05 a. m.

Major-General McCOOK,

Commanding Twentieth Army Corps:

GENERAL: I am directed by General Rosecrans to direct you to move immediately with two divisions of your command, with three days' rations and 60 rounds of ammunition on the person of the men, to within supporting distance of my command, leaving the other division to guard your train. Please communicate with Stanley immediately, and direct him to close in to our support.

Crittenden is at Gordon's Mills; and General Rosecrans, believing that the whole of the enemy's force is concentrating, desires to attack him as soon as our force can be concentrated for that purpose. If you can join me at Stevens' Gap, your best position will be on my right.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

GEO. H. THOMAS,

Major-General, U. S. Volunteers.

