
taken prisoner last night. He left La Fayette four days ago and had been to Rome on business. He states that he wishes to take the oath and return home; that he has tendered his resignation frequently, and they threatened to conscript him and put him in the ranks. Hisappearance and conversation indicate respectability and education; he was in Shiloh and other battles. States that he has never seen so large an army together as the one now concentrated at La Feyette. The following generals he knows to be there: Joe Johnston, Bragg, Polk, D. H. Hill, Forrest, Wharton, Harrison, Pegram, Scott, Breckinridge, Preston, Hodge, and Wheeler. He also states that he is morally certain that re-enforcements are coming from Virginia by way of Atlanta.

This man appears to be sincere and honest, and he fears that our cavalry will get into trouble to-day as they have their cavalry all concentrated, and about 15,000 of them. I will approach Dougherty's Gap very carefully, and will communicate with Thomas as often as practicable. Stanley's cavalry being in the valley and above me toward La Fayette will sufficiently protect my flank. They can do nothing with me unless they are posted upon the mountains. Nofurther news.

Very respectfully,

A. McD. McCOOK,

Major-General.
HEADQUARTERS TWENTIETH ARMY CORPS, Near Alpine, September 13, 1863-2.45 p. m.

Brigadier General J. C. DAVIS,Commanding First Division:

GENERAL: A dispatch is just received from General Thomas, directing, in accordance with instructions from General Rosecrans, two divisions of this corps to be moved to his support immediately with three days' rations and 60 rounds of ammunition of the persons of the men. The three brigades to be left as directed this morning. The instructions in this order will be obeyed immediately, and your two brigades prepared to move as above directed. This will be done with all possible expedition.

General McCook directs that no camp equipage, baggage, ammunition, or supply wagons be taken. He will designate your camp for to-night.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

G. P. THRUSTON,

Assistant Adjutant-General, Chief of Staff.

HDQRS. FIRST DIVISION, TWENTIETH ARMY CORPS, Near Alpine, September 13, 1863-6 a. m.

[Colonel POST:]

COLONEL: Instructions from General McCook will be sent you this morning, in which it will be directed that you remain at Winston's, and that your march, when made, will be under different orders from those you have. The supplies now here, with the exception of three days', are all (including the other divisions) to be sent back to-day to Winston's, and also one brigade from each of

