
the other divisions of the corps return to-day to Winston's, while the balance of the corps marches on to the support of General Thomas toward La Fayette.

Your communications dated 12th instant were received last night. The whole programme being changed, you will understand why a more direct reference to your communications is not made. I am directed by General Davis to write the foregoing for your information and partial guidance if this reaches you before your instructions.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

T. W. MORRISON,

Captain and Assistant Adjutant-General.
HEADQUARTERS TWENTIETH ARMY CORPS, Near Alpine, September 13, 1863-7.30 a. m.

[Colonel POST:]

Your communication in regard to the trains, sick, &amp;c., was received yesterday. A short delay in my reply has been occasioned by the fact that we were anxious to confer with General Stanley in regard to the sick of his command. General Stanley is sick himself, and a satisfactory arrangement as to his men has not yet been made.

The trains have come on better than was expected under the circumstances. Some little confusion arose on the mountain from a want of head in directing affairs. The cavalry trains were particularly badly managed by brigade and division quartermasters, but all is remedied now by a general change of order and plans.

General McCook directs that you send the very sick of the corps to Stevenson in your brigade in the empty supply wagons by the first opportunity-that is, all that are able to go in that way and not ambulance subjects. Straw or forage can be provided for them to lie on. Let your brigade surgeon examine each case and decide what shall be done. Keep all men with you that will probably be well in a day or two. We don't want a man to be sent to Stevenson that can probably be made useful. Send a sufficient guard with the ambulances. The guard of the supply train will be able to assist in defending both.

Do not move your brigade or trains on to the mountain, unless you have already done so, as recent orders may make it necessary for you to remain where you are.

The sick of the cavalry must be attended to by General Stanley.

Our corps is now moving back up Lookout Mountain to join General Thomas' forces in that way. Three brigades are to be left behind in charge of trains, &c.-yours, Dodge's (Second Division), and Lytle's. General Lytle will be left in command. He will probably keep two brigades on the mountain near the small stream (Little River) and leave your brigade in the valley. He will be given full instructions.

I am, colonel, very respectfully, your obedient servant,G. P. THRUSTON,

Assistant Adjutant-General and Chief of Staff.

P. S.-There are two companies of the Thirty-ninth Indiana Volunteers scouting on Lookout Mountain on this side.

G. P. T.

