
SEPTEMBER 13, 1863-5.20 p. m.

Major BATES:

General McCook has arrived; went within 3 miles of La Fayette. Took their infantry pickets. Found a heavy column of all arms marching rapidly on the road to Dirt Town.

Major-General Stanley says this command ought to get out of here before morning.

W. H. LYTLE,

Brigadier-General.
HEADQUARTERS TWENTIETH ARMY CORPS, September 13, 1863.

[General LYTLE:]

General McCook directs me to acknowledge the receipt of your note of this date, and to say that it has been referred to General Davis with instructions to have to difficulty remedied immediately.

I am, general, very respectfully, your obedient servant,A. C. McCLURG,

Captain and Acting Aide-de-Camp.
HEADQUARTERS TWENTIETH ARMY CORPS, Lookout Valley, 7 Miles below Winston's [September 13?], 1863.

Major-General SHERIDAN,

Commanding Third Division, Twentieth Army Corps:

GENERAL: General McCook directs that you do not move your command from its present position without further instructions from him. He wishes you, however, to take your command ready to move at an early hour in the morning, so that, if necessary, it can move without delay.

I am, general, very respectfully,

G. P. THRUSTON,

Assistant Adjutant-General and Chief of Staff.
HEADQUARTERS TWENTIETH ARMY CORPS, On Mountain at Signal Station, September 13, 1863-11.15 p. m.

General P. H. SHERIDAN,

Commanding Third Division:

Unless you have some new orders to the contrary, the general wishes you to move forward with your command as directed by him verbally to-day. Johnson is at the intersection of Neal's Gap road, with orders to move at daybreak. He will move on the north road to Winston's. The general thought it best to make his headquarters here during the night. Crook went within 3 miles of La Fayette, drove in infantry pickets, captured 18 infantry (Louisiana Tigers); they say the rebels are going to fight us. Crook says a large force of the enemy going toward Dirt Town. General McCook is inclined to think from this that they are leaving, but is in some doubt

