HEADQUARTERS TWENTY-FIRST ARMY CORPS, Gordon's Mills, September 13, 1863-11.30 a. m.

Brigadier General J. A. GARFIELD,Chief of Staff, Dept. of the Cumberland, Chattanooga:

SIR: Your last dispatch to me was dated 9.30 p. m. yesterday, and I have this moment a few lines from Major Bond, dated this 9.40 a. m., stating that the general commanding is about starting to General Thomas' headquarters. I do not know whether you have received my communication of 9.45 p. m. yesterday. I do not feel uneasy about my position here, provided my flanks are not turned in force. I have sent General Van Cleve and his division on road to La Fayette to reconnoiter a few miles, and in his advance and on his left. Colonel Wilder has a regiment, from which he has just received word that the enemy is advancing with a strong skirmish line of cavalry on his front. He also states that there is a still stronger force advancing on his left, with a view to turning it. He cannot determine whether it is infantry or cavalry. Colonel Wilder goes out immediately with his other tow regiments to re-enforce the one. I have sent the Fourth U. S. Cavalry down the Cove road to reconnoiter a few miles in the direction of La Fayette.

General Crittenden, after dictating this note, left for General

Palmer's, and I therefore forward it without his signature. As I write I hear pretty sharp cannonading in the direction of Wilder's.

I am, sir, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

P. P. OLDERSHAW,

Captain and Assistant Adjutant-General.
HEADQUARTERS DEPARTMENT OF THE CUMBERLAND, Chattanooga, September 13, 1863-12.25 p. m.

Major-General CRITTENDEN:

GENERAL: The general commanding has just heard from General Thomas, who reports a long line of dust back of Pigeon Mountain as moving yesterday. He therefore directs that you move back to Gordon's Mills with your command in case you have advanced beyond that point, using your cavalry to observe well the movement of the enemy. You will hold yourself in readiness to execute tonight the orders sent you 12.20 to-day, which go by the messenger who takes this.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,C. GODDARD,

Lieutenant-Colonel and Assistant Adjutant-General.

HEADQUARTERS DEPARTMENT OF THE CUMBERLAND, Chattanooga, September 13, 1863-11 p. m.

Major-General ROSECRANS:

GENERAL: The inclosed dispatch from General Crittenden, dated 7.40 p. m., was received a few moments since. I have signaled you the contents, and have also signaled to General Crittenden that it is your intention that the orders contained in yours of 12.20 to-day should be executed to-night. The dispatch of 12.25 was written by Bond just before you left, informing him of the information received

