
from General Thomas, and directing him to retire to Gordon's Mills, if he had advanced beyond, and concluding by telling him to hold himself in readiness to execute the orders of 12.20. Knowing that it was your intention that he should execute those orders, I have so informed him by signal and by courier.

I send with this duplicates of Crittenden's former dispatches, copies of which were sent you an hour or since. Colonel Daniel McCook has arrived with three regiments and a battery, and will march to Rossville in the morning. General Gordon Granger is just the other side of the mountain on Lookout Creek, and sent in word by McCook that he would remain there to-night and come over in the morning. Respectfully,

C. GODDARD,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

[Inclosure Numbers 1.]
HEADQUARTERS TWENTY-FIRST ARMY CORPS, Gordon's Mills, September 13, 1863-6 p. m.

Brigadier General J. A. GARFIELD,Chief of Staff, Department of the Cumberland:

SIR: I have the honor to acknowledge receipt of your communications 12.20 and 12.25 this day. The Fourth U. S. Cavalry have returned and report having made a reconnaissance of 12 miles on the Cove road, and citizens told Captain McIntyre that he was within 6 miles of La Fayette. He encountered nothing but occasional small pickets of the enemy (cavalry); saw no large body of any troops; captured 2 soldiers and lost 1 killed. He gained no information whatever of the enemy's force or position. I send you copy of letters from Van Cleve and Wilder. Both are in. I shall move as directed some time to-night. I think Colonel Wilder cannot move till morning.

Respectfully,

T. L. CRITTENDEN,

Major-General, Commanding.

[Sub-inclosure Numbers 1.]
HDQRS. FIRST BRIG., FOURTH DIV., 14TH ARMY CORPS, September 13, 1863.

GENERAL: The rebels have fallen back toward Pea Vine Church. My advance went to within 1 mile of Leet's Tan-yard, where they found a small force. This was at 12 m.; now, at 3 p. m., a small cavalry squad have attacked my skirmishers, who repulsed them easily. Their reserve, of perhaps 200 men, has also fallen back. Except these there is no force about this vicinity. From a high hill near here I can see the entire country to Ringgold and away down toward La Fayette. No dust from moving columns in sight, except southward perhaps 6 miles. These do not appear to be heavy.

I am, sir, very respectfully, your obedient servant,J. T. WILDER,

Colonel, Commanding.

(Same to Captain P. P. Oldershaw.)

39 R R-VOL XXX, PT III

