
at foot of mountain. My division train and the Third Brigade are on top of mountain, the batteries just reaching the top. The First Brigade, General Beatty, will not be on the top before 6 p.m. He will encamp at a small stream, 4 miles from top of mountain. Colonel Barnes will encamp, 9 miles, at Rocky River. I leave one regiment of the First Brigade to assist the cavalry train up the mountain to-morrow. My headquarters to-night are at Rocky River.

Very respectfully,

H. P. VAN CLEVE.

NASHVILLE, August 17, 1863-1.15 p.m.

Major-General ROSECRANS:

Colonel Innes knows nothing of any bridges, bridge timber, or duplicates for the Columbia railroad. I understood you to say they had been prepared and were ready to be put up. Please give me all the information on the subject in your possession.

G. GRANGER,

Major-General.
HEADQUARTERS DEPARTMENT OF THE CUMBERLAND,Winchester, August 17, 1863.

Major General D. S. STANLEY:

GENERAL: The general commanding directs that you furnish a detail to relieve a detachment of the Tenth Ohio Volunteer Infantry, now guarding the remainder of the contrabands at this place, lately brought by your command from Huntsville, Ala. It is desirable that this detachment of the Tenth Ohio be relieved this afternoon, as they are much needed at headquarters. He further directs that you make immediate provisions for having these contrabands forwarded to Gallatin, Tenn., to be employed in hospitals,&amp;c., under charge of the commanding officer at that post.

I am, general, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

C. GODDARD,

Lieutenant-Colonel and Assistant Adjutant-General.

LARKINSVILLE, August 17, 1863-4 p.m.

Major W. H. SINCLAIR,

Assistant Adjutant-General:

The Second East Tennessee Cavalry has not yet reported. The regiment is 12 miles from Stevenson. I need another regiment here. Shall I order it here?

EDWARD M. McCOOK,

Colonel, Commanding.

LARKINSVILLE, August 17, 1863-4 p.m.

Major W. H. SINCLAIR:

Telegraph line up and a train through here yesterday. The line can be open to Flint River to-morrow. A party of citizens from the mountains want to be mustered into service for six months as

