HEADQUARTERS DEPARTMENT OF THE CUMBERLAND, Chattanooga, September 13, 1863.

Brigadier-General WAGNER,Commanding Post, Chattanooga:

GENERAL: The general commanding directs that your attention be called to the bridge on the road from this place to Lookout Mountain. It is in very bad condition, and needs repairing badly. He directs that you send a party at once to place it in complete order.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

HENRY M. CIST,

Lieutenant and Acting Assistant Adjutant-General.
HEADQUARTERS DEPARTMENT OF THE CUMBERLAND, Chattanooga, September 13, 1863.

Brigadier-General WAGNER:

In compliance with inclosed order, a part of the headquarters guard will report to you. The general commanding directs that you post them at Rossville, and throw out a strong picket to observe the Dalton road, and that you will keep a force continually at Rossville, relieving this detail as soon as headquarters move.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,W. McMICHAEL,

Major and Assistant Adjutant-General.
HEADQUARTERS THIRD BRIGADE, September 13, 1863-2 a. m.

Captain MUHLEMAN,

Assistant Adjutant-General:

SIR: Receiving your second notice to be cautious and vigilant, I may respectfully suggest that I have placed this brigade in double lines-my right on the Chickamauga Creek, the left on the road that runs south toward La Fayette. No other part of this division is in position to assist in repelling an attack on either of the La Fayette or Ringgold roads, unless it be on the west side of the creek. I concur that a proper vigilance should be observed. My pickets are heavy and well posted, but are all from my own brigade on the approaches above named; hence it weakens my force in line that much. I would suggest that at least two of the brigades ought to be in position to present a front to the enemy this morning. On my left there is an open woods in which there are no forces but my own pickets. Close vigilance has been and will be observed on the part of this command.

I am, most respectfully,

W. GROSE,

Colonel, Commanding.
HEADQUARTERS FIRST DIVISION, Sunday, September 13, 1863.

Captain P. P. OLDERSHAW,

Assistant Adjutant-General:

GENERAL: F. D. Smaw, private Ninth Mississippi Regiment, infantry, prisoners, Hindman's division, Anderson's brigade, makes

