
the following statement: Left his regiment, sick, on the 10th instant. Hindman's division was the rear division of infantry of Bragg's army. Bragg reports 75,000 infantry and cavalry, but Smaw says Bragg's fighting force is not over 35,000 strong. Says 20,000 men were ordered to Rome, Ga., about the 3rd instant; they went by railroad. This was reported to Smaw by his comrades, who were on detail at the fortifications in Chattanooga. The reason assigned for this movement was that 20,000 Federals had crossed at Bridgeport and were marching toward Rome. Hindman made a speech to his brigade on Tuesday, the 7th instant, stating that his soldiers had to fight in a few days. That the Federals were marching on Rome, and that it was no examination and retreat, but a movement to meet the enemy. Says there is great dissatisfaction among Mississippi troops, and at any favorable moment they will leave the army. The feeling is universal. That they are told if they desert to the Federal lines they are put immediately in the front rank and made to fight. This has prevented many desertions.

Respectfully, &amp;c.,

TH. J. WOOD,

Brigadier-General of Volunteers, Commanding.
HDQRS. THIRD DIVISION, 21ST ARMY CORPS, Reconnaissance near Gordon's Mills, September 13, 1863-1.30 p. m. (Received 2.30 p. m.)

Major-General PALMER:

GENERAL: Not much in our front so far. General Beatty has advanced, he thinks, 3 miles. Will halt, but not retire in indelicate haste.

Respectfully,H. P. VAN CLEVE,

Brigadier-General.
HEADQUARTERS FIRST BRIGADE, SECOND DIVISION, September 13, 1863-3 p. m.

[Captain MUHLEMAN:]

I reached a point near where we bivouacked yesterday, Colonel Wilder with his mounted infantry occupying our position of yesterday and my command on hills just back. There has been some skirmishing along our front, for a few moments at a time quite sharp, but our men soon driving rebels. The whole thing here is a mere repetition of yesterday thus far. Skirmishers have been out for, say, 1 to 1 1/2 miles, and fail to find any force except a few skirmishers. There is nothing observable to indicate any large force near this flank.

I await orders of General Palmer.

Respectfully,

CHARLES GRUFT,

Brigadier-General.

SEPTEMBER 13, 1863-10.45 a. m.

Major-General GRANGER,

Bridgeport:

Your dispatch of 3 p. m. yesterday in just received. Have you received the order to come here with all dispatch and bring Steedman's

