
retreated farther than La Fayette, and it appears is concentrating his forces in vicinity of that point and massing all his cavalry.

Every indication now is that he feels able to give us battle. It is highly desirable-I may say of the utmost importance-that all your cavalry should come to our relief as quickly as possible, and that your infantry force should march in this direction, for there is very little doubt but that they will concentrate every available man in the Southwest against this army. Cannot you send some force from Kingston by boats?

W. S. ROSECRANS,

Major-General.

CINCINNATI, September 13, 1863.

Major-General BURNSIDE,

Cumberland Gap:

General Willcox telegraphed that he has just received the following telegram:

The Secretary of War directs that you immediately join General Burnside in the field with all your staff.

H. W. HALLECK,

General-in-Chief.

Pugh joined Vallandigham at Windsor this afternoon. Upon the 17th there is to be a large Vallandigham meeting at Dayton. General Willcox appears to think that Vallandigham will try to get there. I have given directions that should he cross, to have him arrested at all hazards.

W. P. ANDERSON,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

KNOXVILLE, TENN., September 13, 1863.

Colonel FOSTER,

Greeneville, Tenn.:

Please send me by telegraph a full and detailed report of the condition of affairs with you. Keep the country well scouted to the front and avoid any possibility of surprise. It is reported that the enemy are shipping a large body of troops from Virginia to Bristol. The Fourteenth Illinois Cavalry and the Eighth Tennessee (formerly the Fifth) will report to you to-day, if they have not already done so. Morristown should be kept secure. Mail train coming by way of Cumberland Gap. Make no general movement till I have consulted with you, as other movements are pending having reference to the same end.

A. E. BURNSIDE,

Major-General.

LONDON, KY., September 13, 1863.

Brigadier-General POTTER:

Will need the men's overcoats now at Camp Nelson. What has been done with reference to sending for drafted men? Regimental

