
MEMPHIS, September 14, 1863. (Received 5 p. m., 16th.)

General HALLECK,

Washington:

The division commanded by Brigadier General John E. Smith has started from Vicksburg to Helena to re-enforce General Steele; left on 11th. They are ordered to cross to Devall's Bluff 4,000 infantry and two batteries.

S. A. HURLBUT,

Major-General.

GENERAL ORDERS, HDQRS. SIXTEENTH ARMY CORPS,

Numbers 129. Memphis, Tenn., September 14, 1863.

I. Officers commanding divisions in Kentucky and Tennessee will encourage the formation of home guards within their limits from unquestionably loyal men, and will render to them military protection while in process of formation.

II. Home guards may be organized under the militia laws of the State where they are located, and after the election of officers, the muster-rolls in duplicate will be reported to the headquarters of the division, where temporary commissions will be issued by the general commanding, who will report the names of the officers and one musterroll to the Governor of the respective States to which they belong.

III. Home quards thus raised will not be required to do duty beyond the limits of their organization, but will be required to put down and suppress all robbery, violence, and irregular warfare within such limits, and will regularly report all of their acts to the division commander.

IV. In case of necessity, they will be furnished with a supply of arms and ammunition in the discretion of such division commander upon the receipt of their commissioned officers, and for which such commissioned officers will be held responsible.

V. This organization is intended as an armed police, and officers and men will be held to strict accountability for their acts as such. All prisoners taken by them charged with offenses will be sent forward, with a statement of the offense and the names of witnesses, to the nearest military post, for trial and punishment, in conformity with general orders now in force.

VI. Quiet and peaceable persons remaining at their homes will not be molested for any mere opinions which they may entertain, unless some wrongful act, or connivance with the wrongful acts of others, be proven.

By order of Major General S. A. Hurlbut:

HENRY BINMORE,

Assistant Adjutant-General.
HEADQUARTERS SIXTEENTH ARMY CORPS, September 14, 1863.

Brigadier General A. J. SMITH,

Columbus:

I am this morning informed that a force of guerrillas well mounted and armed are 10 miles back of Daniels' Point, 12 miles above Osceola,

