
TWO MILES N. E. HIGH POINT, LOOKOUT MOUNTAIN. (Received headquarters 4 p. m., September 14, 1863.)

Captain CASE:

* * * * * * *

Good view of almost entire valley, Missionary Ridge, and Pigeon Mountain. Two regiments cavalry and one battery artillery and long wagon train passed on road just below me at 11 a. m. Clouds of dust and smoke near and to east-northeast crossed Missionary Ridge very near and to northeast. Artillery firing. About ten reports at 7 a. m.

BRENT.

Journal of operations of the Fourteenth Army Corps.

SEPTEMBER 14, 1863.

General Reynolds took up a position at Pond Spring with his two infantry brigades, and he was joined by Wilder at that place. General Turchin, after going into camp, made a reconnaissance to the mouth of Catlett's Gap with the Ninety-second Illinois (mounted infantry); was opposed by rebel mounted pickets from Chickamauga Creek to the mouth of Cattlett's Gap, at which point he found their reserve drawn up; also a strong line of skirmishers on the right of the road, but not desiring to bring on an engagement he retired to camp with the regiment. General Brannan advanced one brigade of his division to Chickamauga Creek, east of Lee's Mill, 1 mile to the right, south of Reynolds' position at Pond Spring; a mounted reconnaissance was also pushed forward to within a mile of Blue Bird Gap, returning by way of Davis' and Bailey's Cross-Roads, without encountering any of the enemy. Corps headquarters and First and Second Divisions remained encamped as yesterday. A negro who had been taken to General Buckner last night and released again reports that Buckner and his whole corps are in Catlett's Gap preparing to defend that place; a negro woman reports having seen heaps of the rebels between Dug Gap and La Fayette.

SEPTEMBER 14, 1863.

Major-General THOMAS:

I am at signal station on Lookout Mountain on my way to your headquarters. All is right.

A. McD. McCOOK,

Major-General.
HDQRS. SECOND DIVISION, FOURTEENTH ARMY CORPS, Near Bailey's Cross-Roads, September 14, 1863-8 p. m.

Lieutenant-Colonel FLYNT,Chief of Staff, Fourteenth Army Corps:

COLONEL: I have the honor to report the following information.

The wife of Mr. Roberts passed over the mountain to the point where the rebel signal station is located. She saw a considerable force of the enemy in the neighborhood of Dug Gap. Could make

