
no estimate of their number. Saw several small trains passing to and from La Fayette. She made a second visit later in the day, and observed quite a cloud of dust between Catlett's Gap and La Fayette, as though a long train or column of troops were moving on that road. Was not confident in which direction. A great dead of smoke issued from the woods below her in the vicinity of Dug Gap.

To-day, a few moments before the arrival of Colonel Harrison's cavalry, 4 well-armed rebels were at the house of Mrs. Roberts, and came from the direction of Blue Bird. My scout, Starr, reports having seen a negro girl near Lee's Mill, who came last night from having La Fayette. She says she "seen heaps of rebels between the gap and La Fayette;" that there was a very large army there. My scout, Warren, has just returned from the mountain. He reports small scouting parties of the enemy on the mountains near by. Also a considerable smoke, as though from an encampment near Dug Gap; also a number of men moving about.

I have the honor to remain, yours, very truly,

JAS. S. NEGLEY,

Major-General.
HDQRS. THIRD DIVISION, FOURTEENTH ARMY CORPS, Rodgers' Cross-Roads, September 14, 1863.

Lieutenant Colonel GEORGE E. FLYNT,Asst. Adjt. General and Chief of Staff, 14th Army Corps:

COLONEL: I have the honor to report that my division remained in camp at this point during the day.

At 7 a. m. I threw a brigade forward on the line of roads running through Bailey's Cross-Roads to Thornton's Mill, at a point nearly opposite Shaw's. I at the same time sent two regiments as a corps of observation to the vicinity of Lee's Mill, about 2 miles on the farther side of the Missionary Ridge.

Later in the day, finding that there was good camping ground at Lee's Mill, with plenty of water and view extending to Pigeon Ridge, I moved the brigade stationed on the road to that point, where I have now six regiments and a battery of artillery, under Colonel Connell, Seventeenth Regiment Ohio Volunteers.

I am, colonel, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

J. M. BRANNAN,

Brigadier-General, Commanding Division.

BROOK'S HOUSE, NEAR LEE'S MILL, September 14, 1863.

General J. M. BRANNAN:

GENERAL: I have reconnoitered from a point about a mile southwest of Pond Spring to Lee's Mill. There have been no rebels here since Friday night. I have posted the Seventy-fourth Indiana and Ninth Ohio in good positions for observation. Pigeon Mountain and Dug Gap are in full view. There is a very fine large spring here, enough to supply two divisions, and fine stock water at the mill.

It would be a much better and more comfortable position for my brigade at this point. In fact, the whole division could find good

40 R R-VOL XXX, PT III

