
camps nere. This point is about 2 miles in front of the present position of the brigade. A negro who was taken before General Buckner last night and discharged is here, and says that Buckner is in Catlett's Gap preparing for battle at that point. Buckner's command is there.

Respectfully, your obedient servant,

J. M. CONNELL,

Colonel, Commanding First Brigade.
HEADQUARTERS FOURTEENTH ARMY CORPS, Stevens' Gap, September 14, 1863-11.20 a. m.

Major-General REYNOLDS,Commanding Fourth Division:

Your dispatch just received. The general directs that you intercept Wilder's and Minty's brigades, and take them with you to camp at Pond Spring. If Wilder's men are not too much fatigued, send him on a reconnaissance in the direction of Dug and Catlett's Gaps, both of which he will seize (if not defended by a strong force), and hold both passes, if possible.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

GEO. E. FLYNT,

Assistant Adjutant-General.
HDQRS. FOURTH DIVISION, FOURTEENTH ARMY CORPS, Pond Spring, September 14, 1863-2 p. m.

Lieutenant-Colonel FLYNT:

COLONEL: Your note of 11.20 a. m. to-day received. Colonel Wilder has just reported with his brigade. Men and horses unable to do anything to-day. They are in camp 2 or 3 miles from this point on Chattanooga Creek. Colonel Atkins took the road from Squire Mitchell's (see map) to Gordon's Mills, and will doubtless meet General Crittenden, whom Colonel Wilder reports on that road. Minty is with Crittenden. It is impossible for us to attend to Herron's bushwhackers to-night, Colonel Atkins having taken with him every man of his regiment fit for duty; will do it as soon as possible.

Very respectfully,J. J. REYNOLDS,

Major-General, Commanding Division.

HEADQUARTERS FOURTH DIVISION, FOURTEENTH CORPS, Pond Spring, September 14, 1863-8 p. m.

Lieutenant-Colonel FLYNT:

COLONEL: Party in from the direction of Catlett's Gap report the enemy's pickets within a few hundred yards of our own, in front of the gap; no demonstrations made. Picket officer sent parties through woods to listen, who report that movement of wagons is occasionally heard in and near the gap, apparently but one or two wagons at a time.

The dust on the road south of Catlett's Gap and in front of the

