
mountain was caused by the inspectors and their party adjusting the picket line.

Scouting parties from Colonel Atkins' regiment just in. They scouted the country from Gordon's Mills to this place west of the Chickamauga Creek, and report no enemy found. Rebel pickets were withdrawn from west side of Chickamauga at two or three points yesterday morning. Three deserters arrived from Maney's brigade; know very little; left their brigade this morning while it was marching, as they understood, to La Fayette; they lay in line of battle yesterday and last night near Rock Spring Church; they came from La Fayette day before yesterday; say Bragg at La Fayette. Will send them to corps headquarters to-morrow morning. They know nothing of the gaps; made their way over the mountain.

Very respectfully,

J. J. REYNOLDS,

Major-General.
HDQRS. NINETY-SECOND REGIMENT ILLINOIS VOLS., September 14, 1863-4.30 a. m. (Received 12 m.)

Major LEVERING,Assistant Adjutant-General:

Private Updegraff, Company D, my regiment, left with wagon train at mouth Chickamauga, on Tennessee River, with prisoners to turn over to Colonel Wilder; has just come up. He is intelligent and says he saw Generals Crittenden and Palmer yesterday about 2 p. m. 2 miles below Gordon's Mills, and after dinner, when he left, the troops just began moving out on the road toward La Fayette, Wilder's brigade in rear of trains, guarding them.

He (Updegraff) went to Chattanooga and left there, via Summertown, this morning; got off the road and went down on to the Cove road at Nickajack trace; thence here, making inquiries. William Hirst and other citizens told him none of the enemy had been on the Cove road since Friday last.

Most respectfully,

S. D. ATKINS,

Colonel Ninety-second Illinois.
HEADQUARTERS TWENTIETH ARMY CORPS, At Signal Station on Top of Mountain, September 14, 1863-4.20 a. m.

Brigadier General J. A. GARFIELD,

Chief of Staff:

Two of my divisions are now marching with all haste to join General Thomas. I first received your order to join him with five days' rations and my ammunition. My dispositions were made accordingly, and when the mountain road was full of my ammunition and supply trains I received another order from General Thomas to join him with two divisions, with three days' rations and 60 rounds of ammunition. The ammunition and three days' supplies of course preceded my troops, and in consequence the rear of my column could not get on top of Lookout Mountain until after night-fall. I intended

