
have evacuated La Fayette. General Reynolds is making a reconnaissance to Pond Spring, and will encamp there to-night. The general commanding directs you to post your command in good position for water along the Chickamauga, from Owens' Ford to Gower's. A part of your command had better encamp at Crawfish Spring. Colonel Wilder has been ordered to join General Reynolds at Pond Spring. Establish communication with these headquarters by way of that place. Post Minty so as to guard the approaches from Ringgold and La Fayette, and hold him responsible for your safety in that direction. Gather all the information you can of the enemy's movements.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

J. A. GARFIELD,

Brigadier-General and Chief of Staff.
HEADQUARTERS DEPARTMENT OF THE CUMBERLAND, Chattanooga, September 14, 1863-4 p. m.

Major-General CRITTENDEN:

GENERAL: Your dispatch of 10.30 a. m., marked "by signal from Gordon's Mills," has just reached here, having come all the way by courier, the dust and smoke between here and Gordon's Mills having interrupted signal communication. I will at once forward your dispatch to the general commanding, and you of course, meanwhile, after consulting the instructions in his order of 12.20 yesterday, exercise your own judgment as to your dispositions.

No news has been received from the general commanding, or from Generals Thomas or McCook, since he left here yesterday. General Granger is at Rossville with three brigades, which fact he has doubtless already communicated to you.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,C. GODDARD,

Lieutenant-Colonel and Assistant Adjutant-General.
HEADQUARTERS TWENTY-FIRST ARMY CORPS, September 14, 1863-5.40 p. m.

General GARFIELD:

No enemy between here and Chattanooga. No force in front that I can hear from; nowhere on the bridge. I must go back or come down into the valley. Let me hear from you by courier, by way of Missionary Ridge, at Henson's.

T. L. CRITTENDEN,

Major-General, Commanding.
HEADQUARTERS TWENTY-FIRST ARMY CORPS, September 14, 1863-8 p. m.

(Received 15th, 4 a. m.)

General ROSECRANS:

Your dispatch of 2.45 p. m. just received. Will post command as directed in the morning. My headquarters will be at Gordon's Mills.

T. L. CRITTENDEN,Major-General, Commanding.

