HEADQUARTERS FIRST DIVISION, Gordon's Mills, Ga., September 14, 1863.

Captain P. P. OLDERSHAW,Assistant Adjutant-General:

CAPTAIN: An intelligent contraband was brought in from on the La Fayette road this evening (5 p. m.). Says he left General Hindman's force this morning at 10 a. m. Hindman has about 10,000 men. They left La Fayette night before last, 12th instant, and marched toward this point (Gordon's Mills), to within 5 miles. Staid in line of battle till to-day at 10 a. m., then marched back toward La Fayette. The reason assigned was that the Federals were capturing some trains in that direction. Says he left them when they started back, and heard the rumor that they were going to Atlanta, Ga.

Respectfully, &amp;c.,

TH. J. WOOD,

Brigadier-General of Volunteers, Commanding.

FOOT OF MISSIONARY RIDGE, At Henson's, September 14, 1863-9.50 a. m.

Captain P. P. OLDERSHAW,

Assistant Adjutant-General:

CAPTAIN: Upon striking the road from Chattanooga up the valley, I found Wilder's men passing. I am satisfied that it is 6 miles back to the mill, instead the distance stated by Lee. We are here only 10 miles from Chattanooga, the people say, and have really receded from the enemy 3 miles. It is 13 miles from Lee's to Chattanooga. In every point of view it seems to me to be proper and judicious that the head of my column move up the valley to Mitchell's, the terminus of the road by Couch's. No signs of the enemy. If I am to remain here, please order up my train to come on the road we have traveled.

Respectfully,

JOHN M. PALMER,

Major-General.
HDQRS. TWENTY-FIRST ARMY CORPS, Chattanooga Valley, September 14, 1863-7.40 p. m.

Major-General PALMER,Commanding Second Division:

SIR: The general commanding directs me to send you the following extract from orders this moment received from department headquarters:

The general commanding directs you to post your command in good position for water, along Chickamauga from Owens' Ford to Gower's. A part of your command had better encamp at Crawfish Spring. Establish communication with these headquarters via Pond Spring, where Colonel Wilder has been ordered to join General Reynolds.

In pursuance of these orders the general commanding directs that you take command of the two divisions now here, and leave at daylight in the morning, posting your own division on the right or along Chickamauga from Owens' Ford to Gower's and General Van Cleve's division at Crawfish Spring.

