HEADQUARTERS CHIEF OF CAVALRY, DEPARTMENT OF THE CUMBERLAND, Winston's, September 14, 1863-9 p. m.

Brigadier-General GARFIELD, Chief of Staff:

GENERAL: Owing to the delay of General McCook's trains getting up the mountain last night, my column has been considerably delayed in getting out of Broomtown Valley. General Crook is ordered to Dougherty's Gap. He could only reach Little River to-night, and will move to the gap in the morning. It is impossible to learn anything from the citizens on the mountain of any gap of that name, but he will move up early in the morning and find it, if possible. We know it is near the head of McLemore's Cove.

Colonel McCook's division is also encamped at Little River, and will move into this valley to-morrow morning via Davenport's Gap, and should he try to descend at Winston's Gap he will be much delayed by the trains in advance of him. He will be in camp to-morrow night at some point between this and Stern's Gap.

I am still confined to my bed, and have had to ride in an ambulance to-day coming over the mountain. Unless I get better I shall have to turn over the command to General Mitchell and go where I can have rest and quiet. General Mitchell is here and will take command of his division in the morning.

Citizens and soldiers in Broomtown Valley speak confidently of Bragg's being able to fight us successfully since he has received re-enforcements. I will move up near you to-morrow if I do not reach your headquarters.

I am, very respectfully, your obedient servant,D. S. STANLEY,

Major-General and Chief of Cavalry.
HEADQUARTERS FIRST DIVISION, September 14, 1863-4.30 o'clock.

Major W. H. SINCLAIR, Assistant Adjutant-General:

My column is just up the mountain, and I am issuing rations, four days', to them from supply train. I have ordered the rest of the train out, and will encamp at Little River to-night, 4 miles from here. I had better go down the mountain at Davenport's Gap to-morrow, unless you desire me to come the other way. I can avoid passing all this train by doing this, and it is just as near to come down that way and then march up the valley to Winston's, as it would be to march on the road the train moves on. I can leave a detachment of one battalion with the train to-morrow to bring it forward. No appearance of any rebels in the valley.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

E. M. McCOOK,

Colonel, Commanding.

LITTLE RIVER, GA., September 14, 1863.

Colonel D. M. RAY, Commanding Second Brigade:

This command will move at daylight to-morrow. Order of march:

Second Brigade, Third Brigade, First Brigade. Reveille at 3.30

