
a. m. A regiment will be detailed from each, the Second and First Brigades, to remain and aid and escort the train to Winston's.
* * * * * * *

By command of Colonel E. M. McCook:

JNumbers PRATT,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

(Same to Colonel L. D. Watkins, commanding Third Brigade, and Colonel A. P. Campbell, commanding First Brigade.)
HDQRS. FIRST REGIMENT U. S. COLORED TROOPS, Elk River Bridge, September 14, 1863.

Brigadier General J. A. GARFIELD,Chief of Staff:

GENERAL: Colonel W. P. Innes having instructed me to report directly to headquarters, I have the honor respectfully to request that this regiment be stationed at some post where they can be together and have na opportunity for drill and instruction in all the duties of a regiment. The command is now separated and our fatigue details are so heavy that we have no time for drill and instruction; therefore the regiment and the reputation of the officers are not safe while the command is kept in the field.

In this request is not inconsistent with the good of the service, and it meets with approbation from the general commanding, I would suggest that this is a good point for a regiment to camp, affording every facility for drill, and there being an abundance of good water. Should the regiment entire be stationed here it could act as guard for the bridge.

I am, general, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

CHAS. R. THOMPSON,

Colonel, Commanding Regiment.

WAR DEPARTMENT, Washington, D. C., September 14, 1863-3 p. m.

Major-General BURNSIDE,

Knoxville:

There are reasons why you should re-enforce General Rosecrans with all possible dispatch. It is believed that the enemy will concentrate to give him battle. You must be there to help him.

H. W. HALLECK,

General-in-Chief.
HEADQUARTERS, Cincinnati, Ohio, September 14, 1863.

Major-General BURNSIDE,

Knoxville, via Cumberland Gap:

General Scammon, in the Kanawha Valley, reports the enemy strengthening in his front, with a view to driving him out of West Virginia, as he thinks. Their force is stated at thirteen regiments of

