
infantry and cavalry. If this proves true, my own opinion would be that it is a diversion to bring your troops back to Ohio, and that a show of force moving from Tennessee into Southwestern Virginia would stop them.

J. D. COX,

Brigadier-General.
HEADQUARTERS ARMY OF THE OHIO, Knoxville, Tenn., September 14, 1863.

Major-General HARTSUFF, Commanding Twenty-third Army Corps:

GENERAL: The general commanding directs me to inform you that his verbal orders to you of this morning are thus modified: That you will at once order General White's division to move to this place with all the subsistence that can be collected and with trains and artillery. The division will move by marches without waiting for railroad transportation. It is desired that it should arrive in the neighborhood of this place by to-morrow morning.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,J. L. VAN BUREN,

Major and Aide-de-Camp.

General White will leave that portion of the Forty-fifth Ohio now under his command where it now is.
HEADQUARTERS TWENTY-THIRD ARMY CORPS, Knoxville, Tenn., September 14, 1863.

Brigadier General M. S. HASCALL, Comdg. Third Division, Twenty-third Army Corps:

Prepare that portion of your command at Concord for immediate movement on the cars up to Greeneville. Trains will be sent for you as soon as possible. Take with you as much subsistence you can, and prepare your artillery for moving rapidly by carrying on cars the ammunition boxes of the caissons and all else that can be detached and is not absolutely necessary to keep constantly with the guns. Let the teams of your wagon trains draw the artillery, and lead the horses if by that means you can move faster. The wagons can be brought up on the cars. Leave only the cavalry as guards for the forage, subsistence, and other articles left behind.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,GEO. L. HARTSUFF,

Major-General, Commanding.

HDQRS. FIRST BRIG., FOURTH DIV., 23rd ARMY CORPS, Athens, Tenn., September 14, 1863.

Lieutenant Colonel GEORGE B. DRAKE,

Assistant Adjutant-General:

I have the honor to report that citizens have just come in from Cleveland reporting that 2,000 rebels are advancing on that town with a battery of artillery.

I have sworn in 276 men to-day, most of them soldiers. They are

