
GORDON'S MILLS, September 15, 1863.

Captain MERRILL:

General Crittenden with two divisions has moved camp to Owens' Ford. General Wood is in command here.

B. FORAKER,

Lieutenant and Acting Signal Officer.
HEADQUARTERS FOURTEENTH ARMY CORPS, Stevens' Gap, September 15, 1863.

General REYNOLDS:

You are directed by the general commanding to see that a more strict enforcement of orders is maintained in your command in regard to foraging, directing quartermasters to see personally that a supply of forage is procured daily with their teams, on proper vouchers given therefor. Individual foraging must be discontinued, as it gives the widest latitude for depredations, demoralizing the troops, and keeps a crowd of citizens at headquarters complaining and seeking remuneration, consuming valuable time which should be devoted to other purposes.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,GEO. E. FLYNT,

Assistant Adjutant-General and Chief of Staff.

(Copy to division commanders.)

SEPTEMBER 15, 1863.

Major-General THOMAS:

Lieutenant Scott, quartermaster of Third Division, Fourteenth Army Corps, just reported a prisoner in his possession who left the rebel army at daylight this morning. He reports the rebels 80,000 strong on Pigeon Mountain. The deserter belongs to the Fifth Tennessee Infantry, and lived near Wartrace, Tenn.

WILSON,

Sergeant, Operator Field Telegraph.
HDQRS. SECOND DIVISION, FOURTEENTH ARMY CORPS, Near Bailey's Cross-Roads, September 15, 1863-8 a. m.

Lieutenant-Colonel FLYNT,Chief of Staff, Fourteenth Army Corps:

COLONEL: I have the honor to transmit you the following intelligence received from a reliable lady living 1 1/2 miles from Blue Bird Gap. She left there yesterday afternoon. Saw a "right smart force" at Mr. Cole's, between Blue Bird Gap and La Fayette, near the burned mills. Saw five cannon and about 300 men on top of mountain this side of Blue Bird Gap. Saw a "right smart force" at Dug Gap. A rebel lieutenant told her that they had a battery planted a Dug Gap, and that they had a heavy force at all the gaps.

Mr. Lumpkin, who communicated this information to me, says he heard drums at each place this morning and yesterday.

I have the honor to remain, yours, truly,

JAS. S. NEGLEY,

Major-General.

