HDQRS. SECOND DIVISION, FOURTEENTH ARMY CORPS, Near Bailey's Cross- Roads, September 15, 1863-8 p. m.

Lieutenant-Colonel FLYNT,Chief of Staff, Fourteenth Army Corps:

COLONEL: I have the honor to send you the following information received from a small squad of men sent out to-day for the purpose of observing the movements of the enemy:

Straight through Dug Gap there is a low hill covered with trees. The top appears to be cleared; along the top are four large trees, equidistant apart; on the left end is a large pine, about 100 yards to the left of which appears to be an embankment, running east and west. On the right of the same tree is another embankment with a wagon road at the foot of it. On the brow of the hill to the right of the road are numerous objects resembling wagons. To the right about 400 yards is another tree. Between the second and third trees is an embankment, running north and south, about 300 yards long; from the third to the fourth tree, the same bank extends. The top appears to be open and guns, or what resembles them, are plainly visible through the glass. There are a great many of them. Behind the hill an immense could of dust rises; it is in the direction of La Fayette. Another cloud appears to bear away toward Blue Bird Gap. The west side of this hill is thickly covered with brush shelter camps. On the left of the hill low down is a corn-field.

In the Dug Gap is an opening through the timber, which must be the road. Its course through the gap is north of east. No dust visible between the Widow Davis' and the gap. There is a long train of dust visible, running across from toward Chattanooga, east of the end of Pigeon Ridge.

Later: Away up in the gap is a small dust. There is an immense dust in the east, north of Pigeon Ridge, as if a large party of cavalry were charging this way. It was very rapid in its approach; at the same time a dust raised in the gorge of Dug Gap, coming this way. There are a great many fires on the Chattanooga road near the end of Pigeon Ridge.

I have the honor to remain, yours, very truly,

JAS. S. NEGLEY,

Major-General.
HDQRS. FOURTH DIV., FOURTEENTH ARMY CORPS, Pond Spring, September 15, 1863-10.30 a. m.

Lieutenant-Colonel FLYNT:

COLONEL: Nothing of moment to report up to this hour; an occasional shot is exchanged by the pickets in the vicinity of Catlett's Gap. Have sent out two regiments-one on our left to enter the Chattanooga read near Bruce's, and the other on our right to enter the Chattanooga road at the crossing of Catlett's Gap road; the regiments will meet on Chattanooga road, and having reconnoitered the country between Worthen's and Catlett's Gaps will return. Pickets report chopping near Catlett's Gap.

My division inspector has succeeded in finding General Brannan's division. Our pickets will not connect, but we are in easy communication.

Very respectfully,J. J. REYNOLDS,

Major-General, Commanding Division.

