
DEPARTMENT HEADQUARTERS, Stevens' Gap, September 15, 1863.

General McCOOK:

A dispatch has just been sent by courier directing your movements. Halt till you receive it.

GARFIELD,

Brigadier-General and Chief of Staff.

DEPARTMENT HEADQUARTERS, Stevens' Gap, September 15, 1863.

General McCOOK:

The general commanding directs me to acknowledge receipt of yours, received 5.30 a. m., and says that it is all right; come ahead.

F. S. BOND,

Major and Aide-de-Camp.
HDQRS. FIRST BRIG., FIRST DIV., 20TH ARMY CORPS, Valley Head, September 15, 1863.

Brigadier-General LYTLE:

GENERAL: I had reason to believe, from the reports of citizens, that the enemy were feeling along our whole line of communication to the Tennessee, and that they had a force somewhere in the direction of Lebanon three days ago, but since that time I have seen no indications even of scouts in this neighborhood. I can obtain forage by going about 5 miles up or down this valley. I am provided for a day or two. There is plenty of good water here. General Davis' headquarters are here at present; also Major-General Stanley's. I will communicate everything of importance which may occur.

I have the honor to be, very respectfully, your obedient servant,P. SIDNEY POST,

Colonel, Commanding Brigade.
HEADQUARTERS U. S. FORCES, Falls on Little Creek, September 15, 1863-7.30 p. m.

Colonel POST,

Commanding at Winston's:

COLONEL: Your dispatch is received. I received late this p. m. an order to move to Dougherty's Gap. The courier must have been unaccountably long on the way. Should any inquiry be made as to my movements, please state that I shall march at daylight to-morrow. The train I am sending to you cannot probably be out of the road before that time; besides its rear is to some extent threatened. I propose to move to the top of the mountain above Winston's and thence take the left-hand road to the head of McLemore's Cove.

As the cavalry detachment promised me failed to report, and I have difficulty in communicating, you will oblige me by forwarding this information to Major-General McCook. I shall proceed by forced marches to-morrow and reach the gap sooner than if I marched to-night.

Very respectfully,

WM. H. LYTLE,

Brigadier-General, Commanding.

