HEADQUARTERS U. S. FORCES, Camp on Little River, September 15, 1863.

Colonel POST,Comdg. Brigade, First Division, Twentieth Army Corps:

COLONEL: My orders to move the troops and trains to Winston's and Chaney's were modified. I am to remain here until further orders. Colonel Dodge's brigade and my own are at this point. My original instructions authorized me to leave you at Winston's, unless I deemed it safer to consolidate everything here. As forage is very scarce here, I am inclined to think you had best remain where you are until further orders. Have you any reason to think there is a rebel force near you?

Very respectfully,

W. H. LYTLE,

Brigadier-General, Commanding.

Please communicate with me from time to time anything of interest that may occur.
HDQRS. FIRST BRIG., FIRST DIV., 20TH ARMY CORPS, September 15, 1863.

Lieutenant Colonel J. C. WINTERS,Commanding Fifty-ninth Illinois Volunteers:

COLONEL: Colonel Post directs that instead of occupying your old position on the mountain, as just ordered, that you move beyond there to Little River and take position, with your right resting near the falls on this side of the stream, so as to hold securely the road.

I am, colonel, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

SAMUEL WEST,

Captain and Acting Assistant Adjutant-General.
HDQRS. FIRST BRIG., FIRST DIV., 20TH ARMY CORPS, September 15, 1863-10.15 p. m.

Lieutenant Colonel J. C. WINTERS,Commanding Fifty-ninth Illinois Volunteers:

COLONEL: The colonel commanding directs that you move your regiment up Lookout Mountain immediately. Take position near where you camped before. The object is to protect the train now at the head of the road on the mountain. General Lytle, who is now on Little River, near the falls, intends moving at 3 in the morning, and it is therefore necessary that you should be in position, as indicated, with the necessary pickets out to guard against an attack, which is somewhat apprehended.

You will leave your teams in the valley until a more favorable opportunity presents for moving them up.

I am, colonel, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

SAMUEL WEST,

Captain and Acting Assistant Adjutant-General.

