HEADQUARTERS, Chattanooga, Tenn., September 15, 1863.

Major General GORDON GRANGER,Commanding Reserve Corps:

GENERAL: I sent this afternoon a force of cavalry in the direction the enemy was said to be, and could hear of none but 4 men. The officer (Lieutenant-Colonel Klein) thinks there is no enemy of any force in the direction named. I will send a small cavalry force to the island to give notice of any movements, as I cannot spare any infantry unless upon an emergency, as it would not do to leave the large amount of stores arriving here exposed to be destroyed by a cavalry raid. I did not believe to-day that there was a force there. I will send out every day a scouting party and have a light guard at the ford. It takes a large number of men for a train guard, which leaves me a very small force.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

G. D. WAGNER

Brigadier-General, Commanding.
HDQRS. FIRST BRIG., SECOND DIV., RESERVE CORPS, Stevenson, Ala., September 15, 1863.

Captain THEO. WISEMAN,Asst. Adjt. General, Second Division, Reserve Corps:

CAPTAIN: Colonel Anderson, Sixtieth Illinois, stationed at Caperton's Ferry, reports to me that a force of cavalry (I think from the Third Indiana) is encamped near him; that he needs the use of a portion of the force if practicable, and especially desires that they may be placed under some control, as they are near his picket lines, and constantly scouting, firing, &amp;c., so much so as to embarrass the order and security of his command.

Presuming that all troops stationed about here are under the direction of the ranking officer of the locality, I respectfully make this communication.

JOHN TILLSON,

Colonel, Commanding Brigade.
HEADQUARTERS CHIEF OF CAVALRY, Winston's, September 15, 1863-10 a. m.

Brigadier General J. A. GARFIELD,Chief of Staff:

GENERAL: General Crook moved on this morning to Dougherty's Gap. Unless he can go into the valley I do not see how he is going to subsist his animals, for there is not a particle of forage on the mountains. The First Division will be in this valley in the course of an hour; they will have to move some 4 miles down the valley in order to feed, the horses having had nothing either last night or this morning. It is indispensably necessary that his division, which is now the valley, should rest themselves and horses to-day.

In accordance with my general instructions, I shall place my command on the right of General McCook's, which I take to be between Dougherty's and Neal's Gap. It will be necessary to get possession

