
of either Broomtown Valley or McLemore's Cove at once in order to forage the animals.

I am so prostrated that I am not able to sit up, and I will this morning turn the command over to General Mitchell, and go to some place where I can have rest and an opportunity to recover my health. I desire to go to Nashville for treatment. Will you let me have one of the dummies to go to Nashville in? I will wait here at Winston's till to-morrow morning for an answer.

I am, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

D. S. STANLEY,

Major-General and Chief of Cavalry.
HEADQUARTERS CHIEF OF CAVALRY, DEPARTMENT OF THE CUMBERLAND, Valley Head, September 15, 1863-10 p. m.

Brigadier-General GARFIELD,Chief of Staff:

SIR: I have the honor to report that General Crook arrived at Dougherty's Gap at 12 m., driving a small scouting party before him. He is encamped upon the mountain, but has to go down into the valley for forage and water. Has no information of any rebels being near him, but will send an expedition down the cove to-morrow. The gap is clear. Columns of dust could be seen in the valley moving toward Rome. I shall move with the First and Second Brigades of the First Division, leaving the Third here, as soon to-morrow as the movements of the infantry column will permit.

I am, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

ROBT. B. MITCHELL,

Brigadier-General.

P. S.-General Stanley will go to the rear to-morrow. He is very sick, and I am fearful that he will have a serious time. Give me specific directions with regard to cavalry movements, and I will endeavor to carry them out. The cavalry are badly used up, both men and horses. We have sent to-day and will send to-morrow to Stevenson 300 sick soldiers.

Truly, yours,

ROBT. B. MITCHELL,

Brigadier-General.
HEADQUARTERS CHIEF OF CAVALRY, DEPARTMENT OF THE CUMBERLAND, Winston's, September 15, 1863.

Colonel E. M. McCOOK,

Commanding First Division Cavalry:

COLONEL: The general commanding directs that you have the empty wagons at this point to-morrow morning at 4 o'clock, on their road back to Stevenson, for supplies. The sick of your division will be loaded into these empty wagons and sent back to Stevenson. The reason for having them here at that time is that they may have an escort, which will start about that hour. He also directs that you send one large company from Colonel Watkins' brigade, in charge of

