
MEMPHIS, August 18, 1863.

Colonel TRUE:

Move your brigade down as soon as you can. Either march the whole force or send La Grange regiment by rail, as you prefer. March at 3 a. m., so as to make your day's work before noon. Keep the most rigorous discipline on the march, and bring every effective man. Notify me when you will be here.

S. A. HURLBUT,

Major-General.

P. S.-The general says you may retain Vaughn's battery if it can make a long march in order.

H. BINMORE,

Assistant Adjutant-General.
HDQRS. THIRD BRIG., THIRD DIV., 16TH ARMY CORPS,La Grange, Tenn., August 18, 1863.

Captain THOMAS B. WEIR,

Actg. Asst. Adjt. General, La Grange, Tenn.:

SIR: In compliance with orders just received from headquarters Sixteenth Army Corps, I have ordered the Sixty-second Illinois Infantry to march at 5 a. m. to-morrow. I have the honor to ask that you will give directions that the pickets of that regiment be relieved at about 3 o'clock, that they may return to their camp for knapsacks, &amp;c. The One hundred and eight Illinois has been ordered to relieve the prison guard at the usual hour, when they will follow by train.

JAMES M. TRUE,

Colonel, Commanding Brigade.

CORINTH, August 18, 1863.

Major-General HURLBUT:

The First Brigade will move by rail to La Grange to-night. Colonel True has been ordered to march immediately upon being relieved.

August MERSY,

Colonel, Commanding.
HEADQUARTERS DISTRICT OF COLUMBUS,Columbus, Ky., August 18, 1863.

Major General S. A. HURLBUT,

Commanding Sixteenth Army Corps:

GENERAL: I have the honor to inclose herewith a petition,* with my reply thereto, from most reliable Union men, introduced and vouched for by Judge Williams, asking permission to organize themselves into a mutual home organization for the purpose merely of protecting their families and property. They represent their neighborhood as infested at times with small rebel or guerrilla bands, who avoid our regular scouts and watch opportunities to rob and maltreat Union men, and destroy their property. The delegation

---------------

* Not found.

---------------

