
CINCINNATI, September 15, 1863.

Major-General BURNSIDE,

East Tennessee, via Cumberland Gap:

Am on my way to join you. Shall go down to Lexington this afternoon, and go forward as soon as transportation for baggage can be furnished. Shall look for any orders you may telegraph at Lexington.

O. B. WILLCOX,

Brigadier-General.

GENERAL FIELD ORDERS, HDQRS. ARMY OF THE OHIO,

Numbers 10. September 15, 1863.

For the better defense of East Tennessee the loyal citizens are hereby invited and authorized to form themselves into companies, which will be known as the National Guard of East Tennessee. The company organization will be as follows: One captain, 1 first lieutenant, 1 second lieutenant, 1 first sergeant, 4 sergeants, 8 corporals, 2 musicians, 1 wagoner, and 64 privates (minimum) or 82 privates (maximum).

The companies will elect their own officers, and as soon as the organization is complete either the captain or some other responsible officer will report at these headquarters with a roll of the company, when arms, ammunition, and necessary equipments will be issued.

The companies will be mustered into the service of the United States; when called out by competent authority will receive the pay and allowances given other troops of same arm in the volunteer service. So soon as the term for which their services are actually required expires they will be ordered to their homes, retaining, however, their arms and equipments.

The organization of the companies of the National Guard of East Tennessee into regiments and the appointment of field officers will be made at the proper time from these headquarters.

The loyal citizens of East Tennessee are called upon to be active in forming themselves into companies in order that they may be armed with the least possible delay. The Government places arms at their disposal to be used in defense of their homes, and it is hoped they will come forward with promptness and do their part toward securing their several counties from invasion.

By command of Major-General Burnside:

LEWIS RICHMOND,

Assistant Adjutant-General.
HEADQUARTERS TWENTY-THIRD ARMY CORPS, Knoxville, Tenn., September 15, 1863.

Brigadier General JULIUS WHITE,Comdg. Second Division, Twenty-third Army Corps:

I am directed by the major-general commanding the corps to say that you have permission to encamp your division at any point you may select between your present position and Knoxville. He directs that you move it to this place at as early an hour in the morning as is practicable.

I have the honor to be, general, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

E. O. BROWN,

Major and Aide-de-Camp.

