
to the right. Saw large clouds of dust all afternoon toward La Fayette. Think troops were arriving there from some point south or east.

FULLER,

Lieutenant and Acting Signal Officer.

[Indorsement.]

Respectfully referred to Colonel Flynt for information of the general commanding.

H. C. JONES.

PROVOST-MARSHAL'S OFFICE, FOURTEENTH ARMY CORPS, Stevens' Gap, September 16, 1863-9.15 p. m.

Colonel G. E. FLYNT,

Assistant Adjutant-General and Chief of Staff:

COLONEL: I have the honor to report that a deserter, Z. W. Thomason, of the Thirty-fifth Tennessee Infantry, Polk's brigade, Cleburne's division, Hill's corps, who has just been brought in, reports that he left his command about 3 o'clock yesterday evening at a point 2 miles below Blue Bird Gap, on the south side of the mountain; that soon after he left he hear firing to the left of La Fayette toward Gordon's Mills; that heavy firing was kept up till after dark; that he could see the smoke and dust, and the armies seemed to move off to the right and beyond La Fayette; at evening was about 2 miles beyond and to the right of La Fayette; that he heard a good deal of musketry as well as artillery.

I remain, colonel, your obedient servant,

J. G. PARKHURST,

Colonel and Provost-Marshal.
HEADQUARTERS FOURTEENTH ARMY CORPS, Stevens' Gap, September 16, 1863.

Major-General NEGLEY,Commanding Second Division:

You are directed by Major General George H. Thomas to move with your command via Valley road, running through Bailey's Cross-Roads to Bird's Mill, taking up a position on the right of General Baird's division, your left resting on the Chickamauga Creek as far down as Owens' Ford, so as to connect with the right of General Crittenden's command. A guide will be sent you early to-morrow morning to show you the most direct route. Foraging should be done from the front, and all the corn that can be gathered. Have the men move with as little fatigue as possible.

Should you have any spare transportation put it on the Chattanooga Valley road.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

GEO. E. FLYNT,

Assistant Adjutant-General and Chief of Staff.

P. S.-Move with your command at 8 o'clock to-morrow morning.

