
yesterday and sent into the gap; that his battalion and a battalion of cavalry were the only troops there, his brigade being 7 miles back.

Respectfully,

CURTIS,

Assistant Adjutant-General.
HDQRS. FOURTH DIVISION., FOURTEENTH CORPS, Pond Spring, September 16, 1863-7 p. m.

Lieutenant-Colonel FLYNT:

COLONEL: We reconnoitered the gap to-day, developing nothing but the fact that an infantry regiment holds the entrance with some cavalry. From the nature of the ground could not see into the gap without driving with artillery, and as our present position is a good one for observation and defense, thought it would not pay until we advance in earnest.

J. J. REYNOLDS,Major-General.
HEADQUARTERS FOURTEENTH ARMY CORPS, Stevens' Gap, September 16, 1863.

General REYNOLDS,

Commanding Fourth Division:

GENERAL: Your note just received. General Thomas, accompanied by General McCook, rode to the front some time since, and I supposed they would visit you by this time.

Orders have just been received to concentrate our corps between Gower's and Bird's Mill, so as to hold the road. Under the circumstances I cannot send you any instructions, but will send your dispatch to General Thomas for orders.

General Halleck telegraphs that three divisions from Lee's army are with Bragg or on their way to join him.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

GEO. E. FLYNT,

Assistant Adjutant-General and Chief of Staff.
HEADQUARTERS TWENTIETH ARMY CORPS, General Thomas' Headquarters, September 16, 1863.

Brigadier-General GARFIELD,Chief of Staff:

GENERAL: General Sheridan's division is now coming down the mountain. Captain Williams left at daylight this morning to meet Johnson and Davis and hurry them up. I will bring them down the mountain without transportation and mass and post them in position at the earliest moment. Lytle has been dispatched for, and will be up to-morrow. Our cavalry has been into McLemore's Cove near the head. I do not know where General Mitchell is, but suppose he must be in Lookout Valley. I have not seen him since leaving Winston's. I have been riding my front all day and I think I understand the country. I have been to Negley's, Brannan's, and Reynolds'.

Respectfully, &amp;c.,

A. McD. McCOOK,

Major-General.

