HEADQUARTERS TWENTIETH ARMY CORPS, Foot of Stevens' Gap, September 16, 1863.

Brigadier General J. A. GARFIELD,Chief of Staff, Department of the Cumberland:

GENERAL: I have the honor to report that the following-mentioned positions are occupied by this corps to-night:

First Division, Brigadier-General Davis commanding, is at the head of Stevens' Gap and 3 miles distant from this place.

Second Division, Brigadier-General Johnson commanding, is on Lookout Mountain and about 12 miles distant from this point.

Third Division, Major-General Sheridan commanding, is bivouacked at this place, having arrived during this morning, and will be put in position to-morrow.

Brigadier-General Lytle, commanding two brigades, is on the route from Dougherty's Gap to this place. Colonel Post, commanding First Brigade, First Division, is guarding the trains of the corps and is on the mountain road to Stevens' Gap, immediately in rear of Johnson's division.

On account of the locality of General Sheridan's division, in rear of that of General Brannan, his picket line does not connect with the line of the main portion of the army. Owing to the fact that the First and Second Divisions have not yet reached this place and are on the mountain, accurate information of their picket lines can not be given.

I am, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

A. McD. McCOOK,

Major-General, Commanding.

P. S.-The above are the positions of my command. Davis, Johnson, and Lytle will all be down the mountain to-day. As they descend the mountain ammunition will be issued. Captain B. D. Williams, aide-de-camp, was at Dougherty's Gap yesterday, and on Lookout Mountain above here. He saw immense clouds of dust made by moving columns, and he thought they were moving northward. As the troops descend the mountain I will inform you.

A. McD. McCOOK,

Major-General.
HEADQUARTERS TWENTIETH ARMY CORPS, Camp 5 Miles of Stevens' Mill, September 16, 1863-3.15 p. m.

Major General G. H. THOMAS,Commanding Fourteenth Corps:

GENERAL: Your dispatch of 6.30 a. m. reached me here. Sheridan with two brigades of his division camps at his old camp about 9 miles of Trenton; his troops are now near there. Johnson and Davis, each with two brigades of their commands, are at Long's Spring, 3 1/2 miles above here. Sheridan will be ready to ascend the gap at Johnson's Crook at an early hour in the morning. Johnson and Davis will be ready to follow. My wagon train is yet on Lookout Mountain, and I think I will order it to our position by way of the mountain top, as I hear the road near you is a bad one.

You, of course, heard the news from Crook, capturing 18 of Fourteenth Louisiana on picket 3 miles from La Fayette. They had

