
heard nothing of Ed. McCook this morning when I left there for summit of Lookout Mountain at 7.30 o'clock. He took his crowbars and implements for destroying railroads, and I think he is up to some devilment. I would not be surprised if we hear of him on the railroad. This is conjecture on my part, but believe there is something in it.

I have had a long ride and but little sleep for the last two nights, or I would be up in person this evening; but I could be of no service without my troops, and concluded to rest here to-night.

I think all of Johnston's army is at La Fayette except Loring's division, which went to Charleston. I hardly think they will fight at La Fayette. They have much better places a little farther to their rear.

Hoping to see you in the morning, I remain, sincerely and respectfully,

A. McD. McCOOK,

Major-General.

P. S.-Please send this to General Rosecrans.

A. McD. McC.
HEADQUARTERS DEPARTMENT OF THE CUMBERLAND, Crawfish Spring, September 16, 1863.

Major-General McCOOK:

The general commanding directs you to order up your force at Dougherty's Gap and let the cavalry hold that position. Order General Lytle by the shortest route with dispatch to Stevens' Gap. Order Crook to remain at Dougherty's and watch the gap. Mass your force from Pond Spring up to Gower's. Have the Ridge road up Missionary Ridge reconnoitered for movements of troops. Dispose your force so as to cover the gap in your front. Provide for the holding of Stevens' Gap; should a battle be fought in this direction that force can move up Lookout Mountain road if necessary. Your transportation can move down Chattanooga Creek. Forage as much to the front as possible. Dispose the force at the gap in your front so that they can all upon any force that might attempt to pass through there.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,C. GODDARD,

Lieutenant-Colonel and Assistant Adjutant-General.

HDQRS. FIRST DIVISION, TWENTIETH ARMY CORPS, Near Stevens' Gap, September 16, 1863-11 p. m.

Colonel P. SIDNEY POST,

Commanding First Brigade, at Winston's:

COLONEL: By direction of General Davis the letter from corps headquarters giving instructions applying to you is inclosed. It is expected that you can have everything up to-morrow evening at the right fork of Little River, 10 miles from this place. Your march, however, to join the command must be regulated according to cir-

