
cumstances. There is no water after leaving the right for of Little River until you get here, and but little forage here. The orderly bearing this will remain with you as a guide.

Respectfully, your obedient servant,

T. W. MORRISON,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

[Inclosure.]
HEADQUARTERS TWENTIETH ARMY CORPS, In Camp at McLemore's Cove, September 16, 1863-7.15 p. m.

Brigadier General J. C. DAVIS,Commanding First Division:

General McCook directs that your order Colonel Post, commanding the brigade at Winston's, to follow with his command your other troops on the same route they marched to-day to this point, bringing with him all his baggage and trains. He wishes Colonel Post to move here as speedily as practicable. Direct Colonel Post also to bring with him any trains belonging to the corps that General Lytle may have left behind. General McCook wishes to concentrate everything here.

It will be necessary for you to send the order through to Colonel Post, by one of your orderlies, with all possible dispatch. The general expects you to move down into the valley at an early hour to-morrow, the other troops following.

Very respectfully,

G. P. THURSTON,

Assistant Adjutant-General and Chief of Staff.
HDQRS. FIRST BRIG., FIRST DIV., 20TH ARMY CORPS, September 16, 1863.

Lieutenant-Colonel KILGOUR,Commanding Seventy-fifth Illinois:

COLONEL: You will move your regiment up the mountain at once if possible, or as soon as on opportunity occurs. Your train can go up afterward when the road is clear. You will move out beyond where you were in position before, and camp on Little River near the falls, where the Fifty-ninth is in position.

A staff officer will report to you when you reach your position, and convey to you more definite instructions.

By order of Colonel P. Sidney Post, commanding brigade:

SAMUEL WEST,

Captain and Acting Assistant Adjutant-General.

HDQRS., FIRST BRIG., FIRST DIV., 20TH ARMY CORPS, Winston's Plantation, Ala., September 16, 1863.

Major SABIN,

Commanding General Sheridan's Train:

MAJOR: Colonel Post directs that you move your train forward immediately after the cavalry division commanded by Colonel McCook. The cavalry move to Dougherty's Gap; your train will move

