
the east side of the ridge, and the road I am now on, which is on the west side of the ridge and leads from La Fayette to Harrison. Lieutenant Hedges, Fourth United States, reports the tracks of an infantry column, apparently a regiment, moving south on the La Fayette road.

The intention of the enemy appears to be to gain possession of this road. This would have effectually cut off all communication with you. I therefore thought it best to fall back to this point, west of the ridge but east of the river. I still picket the La Fayette road. I have had 1 man killed.

I am, respectfully, your obedient servant,

R. H. G. MINTY,

Colonel, Commanding.

The rebels have been driven on all the roads from 4 to 7 miles.

SEPTEMBER 16, 1863.

Captain P. P. OLDERSHAW,

Assistant Adjutant-General:

CAPTAIN: The note [foregoing] from Colonel Minty was brought here addressed to assistant adjutant-general, Twenty-first Army Corps, but the bearer said Colonel Minty desired I should open it if General Crittenden had moved his headquarters hence.

Respectfully, &amp;c.,

TH. J. WOOD,

Brigadier-General of Volunteers, Commanding.
HDQRS. FIRST DIV., TWENTY-FIRST ARMY CORPS, Gordon's Mills, September 16, 1863-9.30 p. m.

Captain P. P. OLDERSHAW,Assistant Adjutant-General:

CAPTAIN: I have just returned from department headquarters, to receive your dispatch in regard to the position of my command, &c. My command is posted in a strong position on the western side of the Chickamauga, with the center about the mills. The objection to the position is that it is too extensive for my force to occupy it strongly; yet it is necessary to occupy the entire position in order to prevent the enemy, in case of attack, from getting to the rear. With a proper force, the position is naturally very strong. I case is reasonable apprehension of attack), to avoid the confusion of putting troops into position during an engagement.

The extreme left of our line being at this point, on the high road to Chattanooga, would probably be the first attacked. I have the bank of the river barricaded with rails, making an excellent shelter for riflemen, and the topography protects the barricades from artillery. The pickets are thrown well to the front, on the east side of the creek, and a patrol will be sent to the front, of the picket-lines, to obtain a commanding position to watch any early movement of

