
Yes, I was almost confident then that we would have been attacked next morning, and have had no reason to change my opinion since.

Third. In view of the facts referred to in question second, was or not, in your opinion, the change of position 1 1/2 miles to the rear during the night of Sunday, whereby a very strong and defensible position was gained, eminently proper and judicious?

Yes, I think that it was absolutely necessary to change our position, because it gave us a much stronger position, one that could not be easily turned; also the choice of roads in case it was actually necessary to fall back.

Fourth. In your opinion was the purpose for which the division was sent into Lookout Valley, namely, to reconnoiter and threaten the enemy, at all interfered with by the change of position; but, on the other hand, was not the purpose advanced by the change, inasmuch as the command gained a strong position from which it could not be forced by a sudden and violent assault, and being thus able to maintain itself could fully effect the object of its being sent into Lookout Valley?

Not in the least-rather facilitated if anything; because I have learned since the occupation of Chattanooga that the enemy were alarmed and thought we were receiving re-enforcements.

Fifth. Considering the extreme proximity of a vastly preponderating force of the enemy, and the strong probability of an attack at any time, and considering also the extreme probability of Colonel Harker becoming severely engaged with a superior force in his reconnaissance, and the propriety of having the power of drawing him off successfully, were or not he precautions taken for getting the batteries and Buell's brigade strongly posted before Harker's brigade was launched on the reconnaissance absolutely demanded, and were they or not made with all possible expedition-in short, was or not the reconnaissance made at the earliest moment compatible with the safety of the command and the assurance of the success of the reconnaissance?

I fully coincided with the move and I am not aware of any time lost, but on the contrary thought it expeditiously made.

Sixth. In your judgment was or not everything accomplished by the reconnaissance that could have been achieved if it had moved at an earlier hour of the morning of the 7th?

Yes; there can be no doubt but what it accomplished just as much as it would have done at an earlier hour.

I am, captain, very respectfully, your obedient, &amp;c.,

CULLEN BRADLEY,

Captain 6th Ohio Lt. Batty., Chf. of Arty., 1st Div., 21st A. C.

GORDON'S MILLS, September 16, 1863.

Captain M. P. BESTOW,

Assistant Adjutant-General:

SIR: I would respectfully report that wile in Chattanooga this p. m. I was with General Wagner when a squad of 6 or 7 deserters from the rebel army was brought in, and one of them, a bright, intelligent Irishman, was questioned in my presence. He said that he left Atlanta last Friday, came to Kingston on the cars; then to avoid the army passed up east of the railroad and came in by way of Cleveland. When he left Atlanta it was generally understood that Stonewall Jackson's former corps, now commanded by General Ewell, was on the way to re-enforce Bragg's army. All of the available cars

