
and locomotives had gone to Augusta to bring up the troops, and an order had been published in Atlanta for all the whisky shops to be

closed until after the troops should pass through. No forces were at Kingston as he passed through. It was a general understanding that the line of Bragg'g army would be formed from Dalton to Rome, and battle be offered there. The strength of the expected corps was estimated at from 30,000 to 32,000, and that with this addition the whole of Bragg's army was estimated at over 80,000. While he was at Cleveland yesterday (15th), about 2 o'clock p. m., 50 or 60 rebel cavalry were driven back by a force of Federals advancing from the northward, said to be Byrd's brigade of mounted infantry.

General Wagner afterward informed me that the leading brigade of General Burnside's army, crossing the river at Loudon, was commanded by Colonel or General Byrd.

Hoping that this information may be of service, I am, sir, your obedient servant,

T. R. PALMER,

Lieutenant Colonel, and Insp., First Division, 21st Army Corps.

[Indorsement.]
HDQRS. FIRST DIVISION, TWENTY-FIRST ARMY CORPS, Gordon's Mills, September 16, 1863.

Respectfully forwarded for the information of the commanding general.

Lieutenant-Colonel Palmer, my inspector-general, went to Chattanooga this morning and returned this evening.

TH. J. WOOD,Brigadier-General of Volunteers, Commanding.
HEADQUARTERS TWENTY-FIRST ARMY CORPS, September 16, 1863.

Major General J. M. PALMER,

Comdg. Second Division, Twenty-first Army Corps:

SIR: You will report at once (to-night) the exact position of your command, and to embrace the location of your picket lines.

By order of Major-General Crittenden:

P. P. OLDERSHAW,

Captain and Assistant Adjutant-General.

HDQRS. SECOND DIVISION, TWENTY-FIRST ARMY CORPS, Owens' Ford, Ga., September 16, 1863.

Captain OLDERSHAW,

Assistant Adjutant-General, Twenty-first Army Corps:

GENERAL: I have the honor to report that this division is camped on the west side of the Chickamauga River and parallel with it, the right resting at Gower's Ford. The brigade of General Hazen is on the right of the division and faces southeast. The brigade of Colonel Grose is to the left of General Hazen's and faces south; that of General Cruft is three-quarters of a mile to the left of Colonel Grose's and faces southeast. The picket line connects with that of

