
the cavalry command, camped to my right, and runs in a northeasterly course at a distance of about a half a mile in front of the camp to a point three-quarters of a mile to the left (north) of the camp, and there makes an angle to the rear, and after crossing the road extends about half a mile to the rear of the camp.

Very respectfully,

JOHN M. PALMER,

Major-General, Commanding.

P. S.-The crossings of the creek are all secured to the left.

J. M. PALMER.

[Indorsement.]
HEADQUARTERS TWENTY-FIRST ARMY CORPS, September 16, 1863.

Respectfully forwarded as per order.

Reports from the two other divisions will be forwarded so soon as received.

I have notified General Palmer that the cavalry (Seventh Pennsylvania) was ordered away to-day at 12 m. I did not suppose that it constituted part of the picket line, and it was not intended so to do.

T. L. CRITTENDEN,Major-General, Commanding.
HEADQUARTERS TWENTY-FIRST ARMY CORPS, September 16, 1863-9.30 p. m.

Major-General PALMER,

Commanding Second Division:

SIR: The general commanding directs me to inform you that the cavalry (Seventh Pennsylvania) stationed near General Hazen was moved away to-day at 12 m. The general deems it important that both you and General Hazen should be informed of this, and directs that you inform the latter in the event of it being necessary that the picket line be changed or extended.

I am, sir, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

P. P. OLDERSHAW,

Captain and Assistant Adjutant-General.
HEADQUARTERS TWENTY-FIRST ARMY CORPS, Chickamauga Creek, near Gower's, September 16, 1863-9.45 p. m.

Major General J. M. PALMER,Commanding Second Division, Twenty-first Army Corps:

GENERAL: The general commanding directs you to see that your men have three days' rations in haversacks, and 20 rounds of ammunition in the pockets of each man in addition to having his cartridge-box full. There are some indications that the enemy is massing for an attack on our left.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

P. P. OLDERSHAW,

Captain and Assistant Adjutant-General.

