
You will immediately issue the necessary order for the moving of the bridge; detail the Thirty-fourth Illinois Infantry to assist in taking it up and help to row, if necessary, the boats to Battle Creek some 5 or 6 miles above Bridgeport. The Thirty-fourth Illinois will send its transportation with the pontoon wagons, and is a sufficient guard for its protection by wagon road to that point. On their arrival there, the Thirty-fourth will again be put in position to fully protect the bridge and other public property. Instruct the officer to notify these headquarters by telegraph as soon as the bridge has been thrown across the river at Battle Creek. The remainder of the troops will not change position for the present.

I write by order of the general commanding.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

T. WISEMAN,

Captain and Assistant Adjutant-General.
HEADQUARTERS DEPARTMENT OF THE CUMBERLAND, Crawfish Spring, September 16, 1863-8.15 a. m.

Brigadier-General WAGNER,Commanding, Chattanooga:

The enemy has been re-enforced by three divisions from Lee's army. The general commanding directs you to bend every energy to the work of completing the pontoon-bridge. If the anchors are slow in coming, use car-wheels, iron rails, barrels of stone, &amp;c., for anchors. Crowd the work to the utmost and hurry up supplies. Let us hear from you often.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

J. A. GARFIELD,

Brigadier-General and Chief of Staff.
HEADQUARTERS, Chattanooga, Tenn., September 16, 1863.

General J. A. GARFIELD,Chief of Staff:

Yours of 8.15 a. m. is received, and the information as to re-enforcements is confirmed to-day a person just in. He left Atlanta, Ga., last Friday. Says all the cars were sent to Augusta Thursday to convey General Ewell's corps to re-enforce General Bragg. Was reported to have from 30,000 to 32,000 troops, Jackson's old corps.

Reports from Cleveland to-day say Charleston has been evacuated. This is but rumor, but I have no doubt as to the re-enforcement from Lee. The man is very intelligent, and is a Northern man.

Will have the bridge done by the 20th, sure. Train in with about 100,000 rations. Have near 400 more wagons gone for supplies. Reports yesterday of cavalry out east turned out to be only about 50; they burned a mill at Cleveland. Colonel Byrd, of Burnside's army, said to have driven them away.

I am, sir, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

G. D. WAGNER,

Brigadier-General, Commanding Post.

