HDQRS. FOURTH DIVISION FOURTEENTH ARMY CORPS,Battle Creek, East Side, August 18, 1863-4 p.m.

Lieutenant-Colonel FLYNT:

COLONEL: One brigade-King's-and headquarters encamped here, about 5 miles from Jasper; Turchin's brigade in Sweeden's Cove, 5 miles in rear, and will move up early to-morrow morning; Brannan's division 2 miles this side of University, and will move to Sweeden's Cove to-morrow and encamp 4 or 5 miles in rear of this position. Heard from Wilder's brigade last night; sent his report to corps headquarters via Decherd this morning. He would move forward from Tracy City to-day, if possible, depending upon his train. Road from University to Tracy City bad. Tracy City and Stevenson about the same distance from this place, but having to pass up the mountain in going to Tracy makes it preferable for us to draw supplies from Stevenson, other things being equal.

Very respectfully,

J. J. REYNOLDS,

Major-General.
HEADQUARTERS U. S. FORCES,Bridgeport, Ala., August 18, 1863.

[Captain GEORGE LEE,

Assistant Adjutant-General:]

CAPTAIN: I am yet unable to state positively whether the force opposite has been increased or not, but hope to have accurate information to-night. Should they open on us with heavy ordnance, I have directed my regiments to retire behind the hill, where they will be sufficiently covered. Does the general commanding think it worth while, under all the circumstances, to complete the works on the hill and put them in shape?

If there is any probability of our being delayed here long, or so long a time as to render it possible that we may be attacked, it would be well, I think, to have the portion of the works now occupied by Colonel Bradley's brigade thoroughly policed, our guns mounted on the platforms in the redoubt and the series of works on the western face, and another line of rifle-pits constructed, connecting the works on the face of the hill, next the railroad. It seems hardly worth while, however, to go to this trouble if a forward move is imminent.

I have had no reports from the Second Tennessee for a day or two, in violation of their instructions. Shall I send Ray up toward Jasper to-morrow? Please instruct me as to this latter matter by telegraph.

I am, captain, yours, very respectfully,

W. H. LYTLE,

Brigadier-General, Commanding.

IN CAMP, August 18, 1863-8 p.m.

[Brigadier General THOMAS J. WOOD:]

GENERAL: I am 13 miles only from Tracy City. Colonel Wilder is only 4 miles ahead. His train is not yet out of sight. I think he need have no fear about getting support. I have lain by to-day several hours waiting for his cavalry to get of the way, and worked

