
ALLEN'S HOUSE, Four Miles from Valley Head, September 16, 1863.

Colonel A. P. CAMPBELL,

Commanding First Brigade:

This command will move immediately; all forage parties and other detachments must be immediately called in. Three days' rations must be taken in haversacks.

Order of march: First Brigade, Second Brigade, Third Brigade. The latter will remain in station at Winston's for the present.

By command of Colonel E. M. McCook:

JNumbers PRATT,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

CINCINNATI, OHIO, September 16, 1863-9.30 p. m. (Received 12.15 a. m., 17th.)

Colonel J. C. KELTON,

Assistant Adjutant-General:

In compliance with the instructions received yesterday from the General-in-Chief, I am pushing all the available force that can be spared in the department to join General Burnside. General Boyle reports the Eleventh Kentucky (mounted) Infantry ready to start, but says their arms are of six different calibers, and most of them worthless. In this emergency can I order them re-armed immediately without going through the prescribed inspection, &amp;c.? There is a sufficient number of good arms in the ordnance department here.

W. P. ANDERSON,

Assistant Adjutant-General.
HEADQUARTERS DEPARTMENT OF THE CUMBERLAND, Crawfish Spring, September 16, 1863.

Major General A. E. BURNSIDE:

The enemy, re-enforced by Johnston and Longstreet from Virginia, doubtless intend us all the mischief in their power. It is of the utmost importance that you close down this way to cover our left flank. Your cavalry ought to be in the vicinity of Tyner's now. We have not the force to cover our flank against Forrest now. He could

cross the river above us before we could discover it, having to mass the three brigades [?] to cover the gaps and Will's Valley on our right and rear. We are massed in Chickamauga Valley, from 15 to 20 miles south of Chattanooga. The enemy's main force at La Fayette and there on toward Dalton and Ringgold. He may wish to turn our left. I want all the help we can get promptly.

Very respectfully,W. S. ROSECRANS,

Major-General.

CINCINNATI, September 16, 1863-8 a. m.

W. P. HOLLOWAY,

Governor's Private Secretary, Indianapolis, Ind.:

Please send all the troops you can possibly spare, directing them to report here for further instructions. They will be sent to the front

