
GREENEVILLE, TENN., September 16, 1863.

Major-General BURNSIDE,

Knoxville:

A dispatch just received from Colonel Graham reports the enemy's pickets have fallen back from our front 5 miles, with no disposition to fight. If we cannot get accurate information from our scouts tonight, would it not be well to make reconnaissance in force, as near Jonesborough as practicable, to-morrow, or shall I wait until more troops arrive? I am confident I am equal all the enemy. Will telegraph again to-night.

JOHN W. FOSTER.

MILWAUKEE, WIS., September 16, 1863. (Received 12.30 a. m., 17th.)

Major-General HALLECK:

Dispatch received. Have instructed Sibley to have three regiments ready immediately to ship south with full supply of wagons and mules. Will require some days, as only parts of two regiments have yet reached Snelling. Another regiment will be sent October 1. Please let me know where they are to go.

JOHN POPE,

Major-General.

DETROIT, September 16, 1863. (Received 5.30 p. m.)

E. D. TOWNSEND,

Assistant Adjutant-General:

Your telegram is received (3.45 o'clock). The regiment is just marching to the boat and will go to Cincinnati via Cleveland, en route to General Burnside.

J. R. SMITH,

Lieutenant-Colonel.

WASHINGTON, D. C., September 17, 1863.

Major-General GRANT,

Vicksburg, Miss.:

GENERAL: You will perceive from my telegrams to Generals Sherman and Hurlbut (in your absence) that I wish all available troops on the Mississippi sent to Tuscumbia of father up the Tennessee River to cover General Rosecrans' right and secure him communications.

It was early apparent that while you and General Banks were operating west of the Mississippi, the enemy would concentrate his available forces on General Meade or General Rosecrans. It was believed from all the information we could obtain that Lee's army was to be greatly re-enforced. It now appears that all of Johnston's forces and at least three large divisions of Lee's army have joined Bragg. Probably the advance of Burnside and Rosecrans into East Tennessee and the danger of the rebel arsenals at Atlanta have

