
officers,be ordered to report to the chief of artillery at Nashville for assignment to duty in manning the heavy guns at that place.

W. NEIL DENNISON,

First Lieutenant, Second U. S. Artillery, Inspector of Artillery.

[Indorsement.]

OFFICE CHIEF OF ARTILLERY,

Winchester, August 12, 1863.

Respectfully forwarded,earnestly recommending that the detail of 300 men be made;that the Twentieth Indiana Light Battery be relieved from duty on siege guns,and that proper carriages be provided by the ordnance officer;also that the service magazines be sufficiently enlarged to hold at least 100 rounds per gun.

JAMES BARNETT,

Colonel,and Chief of Arty ., Dept.of the Cumberland.

McMINNVILLE, TENN.,

August 11, 1863.

Dr. J. D. HALE:

SIR: My information from a reliable source is that Colonel Dibrell,sent by General Forrest to White County,had directions and instructions to secure all the beef,all the wheat,and to use and destroy all the oats and corn in White and Van Buren Counties they cannot carry off,so as to subject the Federal army to all the inconveniences possible when they come to occupy the country;and not to fight the Federals if possibly to be avoided; and also so carry away the last horse and mule to be found in the country. In short,to devastate the country before the Federal troops can occupy it.

Respectfully,

JOHN B. REDGERS.

WINCHESTER, TENN.,

August 11, 1863.

Major-General BURNSIDE:

Please give me permission to send to your department,to be released from custody on oath and bonds,such captured or deserting rebels as peculiar circumstances may in my judgment render it advisable to have reside at or north of Louisville. Such persons to be sent with papers,and subject to your or General Boyle's final decision. An order to General Boyle and another to me will answer the purpose.

W. S. ROSECRANS,

Major-General.

WINCHESTER, TENN.,

August 11, 1863.

Mr. TYLER,

Agent Associated Press, Louisville:

Will you please send General Burnside's address to the general commanding?

Respectfully,

CHAS. R. THOMPSON,

Captain and Aide-de-Camp.

