
the road at that [point]. The road good so far. Will move on as fast as possible to Therman. Everything in fine condition. Pardon this scrawl-nothing to write on.

Your obedient servant,

G. D. WAGNER,

Brigadier-General.
HDQRS. THIRD DIV., TWENTY-FIRST ARMY CORPS,Camp near Rocky River, Harrison's Trace,

August 18, 1863-7 a. m.

Lieutenant Colonel LYNE STARLING:

Your dispatch received at 1 o'clock this morning. You wished me to communicate with you, but did not inform me on what road you would be. I will not be able to send you any cavalry until Colonel Minty joins me at Pikeville. I have one battalion of 140 men with me. One battalion goes by way of Spencer; the balance of his brigade Colonel Minty take by way of Sparta. I cannot reach Pikeville before to-morrow evening. On Thursday morning I can send you the two companies. Colonel Minty has about 1,700 men for duty in his brigade. We find this a bad road. Am waiting here for General Beatty, whose train did not all reach the top of the mountain before 6 p.m. yesterday. Where can I communicate with you next? I expect to advance about 10 miles to-day, which will be about 16 for General Beatty's command.

Very respectfully,

H. P. VAN CLEVE,

Brigadier-General, Commanding Division.

P. S.-A citizen reports that about 30 rebel cavalry were seen late last evening on the Savage road about south of this point.

(Received on top of mountain, 19 miles from Dunlap, 12.45 p.m.)

STEVENSON, ALA., August 18, 1863.

Major General G. GRANGER,

Nashville:

The general commanding directs that you instruct General Steedman that he must take care of the railroad up to Tantalon, and that he should make his preparations as speedily as possible.

FRANK S. BOND,

Major and Aide-de-Camp.
HEADQUARTERS DEPARTMENT OF THE CUMBERLAND,Stevenson, Ala., August 18, 1863.

Brigadier General A. C. GILLEM,

Nashville:

The general commanding wishes to know how many American citizens of African descent you have. I congratulate you heartily on your promotion, and will remember you in my libations.

FRANK S. BOND,

Major and Aide-de-Camp.

