
CHATTANOOGA, TENN., September 17, 1863-3 p.m.

(Received 5.30 p.m.)

Major THOMAS T. ECKERT,

Washington, D. C.:

General Rosecrans' headquarters at Crawfish Spring, 15 miles from here. Army left, near him; right, 12 or 15 miles farther southwest, at the east foot of Missionary Ridge; Chickamauga Creek in front. Enemy on the other bank, and at the west foot of Pigeon Mountain. Line shorter than ours. Slight skirmishing every day. Line will be opened to him to-morrow. No immediate action expected.

J. C. VAN DUZER,

Assistant Superintendent.

STEVENS' GAP, September 17, 1863.

Captain SEITER:

A large body of rebel cavalry, about two regiments, were seen coming out of Dug Gap. I lost sight of them in woods near Widow Davis'.

WM. FULLER,

Lieutenant and Acting Signal Officer.

GENERAL ORDERS, HDQRS. DEPT. OF THE CUMBERLAND,

Numbers 225 Crawfish Spring, Ga., September 17, 1863.

I. Brigadier General J. St. c. Morton, having reported for duty, is announced as chief engineer of this army. all officers on engineer duty will report to him.

II. First Lieutenant W. Neil Dennison, Second U. S. Artillery, is, at his own request, relieved from duty as inspector of artillery at these headquarters to enable him to take command of his battery in the Army of the Potomac.

* * * * * * *

By command of Major-General Rosecrans:

C. GODDARD,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

WAR DEPARTMENT,

Washington City, September 17, 1863.

Captain J. BATES DICKSON,

Assistant Adjutant-General, Nashville, Tenn.:

Your telegram of yesterday's date, inquiring as to the action of the civil authorities inn reference to negroes, has been referred to the Secretary of War, who directs me to say that it is not perceived what right the military authorities have to interfere with those questions which properly belong to the jurisdiction of General Johnson, the Governor of Tennessee; and he directs you and all others in the military serviced to abstain from interfering with these questions without specific authority from this Department, and to leave them

