
entirely to the adjudication of Governor Johnson, whose authority to dispose of them is ample, and in whose discretion and judgment the Department has full confidence.

JAS. A. HARDIE,

Assistant Adjutant-General.
HEADQUARTERS DEPARTMENT OF THE CUMBERLAND,Crawfish Spring, September 17, 1863.

Major General GEORGE H. THOMAS:

The general commanding directs you to post officers of intelligence on all available high points in your vicinity from day to day, top watch the valley and surrounding country closely and carefully,, and report the result of their observations to you. He directs you to compare and consolidate their reports and forward the result to department headquarters daily.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

C. GODDARD,

Lieutenant-Colonel and Assistant Adjutant-General.

(Same to Major-General Crittenden, Major-General McCook, Major-General Granger, and Brigadier-General Mitchell.)
HEADQUARTERS DEPARTMENT OF THE CUMBERLAND,Crawfish Spring, September 17, 1863.

Major General GEORGE H. THOMAS,

Commanding Fourteenth Army Corps:

The general commanding directs that you forward as soon as possible a special report of the troops of your command now at the from and available for the line of battle. The report will be made by divisions, and will show the strength of the infantry and artillery separately. The number of pieces of artillery will also be given.

I am, sir, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

WM. L. PORTER,

Lieutenant and Acting Aide-de-Camp.

(Same to Major-General McCook, Major-General Crittenden, Major-General Granger, and Brigadier-General Mitchell.)
HEADQUARTERS DEPARTMENT OF THE CUMBERLAND,Crawfish Spring, september 17, 1863.

Major-General THOMAS:

The general commanding directs you to cause all roads leading to your rear and connecting with other commands to be blazed and so marked that they can be readily distinguished. It is reported that the picket lines of the various divisions do not connect. They should be made to at once, and so arranged as to present an unbroken front to the enemy.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

C. GODDARD,

Lieutenant-Colonel and Assistant Adjutant-General.

(Same to Major-General Crittenden and Major-General McCook.)

