
Journal of operations of the Fourteenth Army Corps.

SEPTEMBER 17, 1863.

First, Second, and Third Divisions changed their position from their camps of yesterday. The Second Division, with its right resting at Bird's Mill and its left connecting with Van Cleve's Division, at Owen's Ford. The First Division, with its right resting at Gower's Ford and extending along Chickamauga Creek to Bird's Mill. Third Division, on the right of the First, covering four fords between Gower's Ford and Pond Spring. Two brigades of the Fourth Division thrown out in front of Pond Spring, on the Catlett's Gap road, to cover the pass through the mountains. Wilder's brigade detached and ordered to report to department headquarters. The left of McCook's corps connecting with our right near Pond Spring.
HEADQUARTERS FOURTEENTH ARMY CORPS,Stevens' Gap, September 17, 1863-3.40 a.m.

Brigadier-General BRANNAN, Comdg. Third Division:

You are directed by Major-General Thomas to march your division by the most direct road from its present position to the left of Reynolds' division, which is ordered to take post with its right at Gower's, on Chickamauga Creek. Dispose your division with its right connecting with Reynolds' left and its left connecting with the troops near Bird's Mill. See that the men are provided with 20 rounds of ammunition in their pockets in addition to the cartridge-boxes being full.

The enemy are reported massing troops on our left.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant.

GEO. E. FLYNT,

Assistant Adjutant-General and Chief of Staff.
HEADQUARTERS FOURTEENTH ARMY CORPS,Stevens' Gap, September 17, 1863-3.40 a.m.

Major-General REYNOLDS, Comdg. Fourth Division:

You are directed by Major-General Thomas to move your division early this morning and take post with your right resting at Gower's, on Chickamauga Creek, and your left extending down the creek in direction of Bird's Mill, marching by the most convenient road from your present position. See that your men are supplied with 20 rounds of ammunition in their pockets, in addition to their cartridge-boxes being full.

The enemy are said to be massing troops on our left.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

GEO. E. FLYNT,

Assistant Adjutant-General and Chief of Staff.
HEADQUARTERS FOURTEENTH ARMY CORPS,Alley's Spring, September 17, 1863-10.20 a.m.

Major-General ROSECRANS,

Commanding Department of the Cumberland:

I am here with Brannan's and Baird's divisions, putting them in position. General Hazen occupies a position that General Brannan

