HEADQUARTERS TWENTIETH ARMY CORPS,Pond Spring, September 17, 1863-12 midnight.

Brigadier General J. A. GARFIELD, Chief of Staff:

I have just returned from posting General Davis' division at Brannan's old encampment at Brooks'. The ground is very strong there. Two companies of Confederate cavalry came up there this evening on a scout.

Sheridan's division, supported by one brigade of Johnson's has a strong position immediately in front of Stevens' Gap.

Your order for posting the division near the Pond Spring reached me at such a late hour that I could not do it, but will post my line as directed at an early hour in the morning.

Johnson's two brigade arrived here after dark, having marched 25 miles.

My front here is covered by Reynolds' troops.

In case an attack occurs on the right, and in such force that General Sheridan cannot repel it, he is ordered to fall back slowly in this direction.

Harrison holds Davis' Cross-Roads in front of Bailey's. Hew has had more or less skirmishing all the evening. Some of Wheeler's cavalry were maneuvering in his front.

Colonel Ed. McCook's cavalry are encamped about 5 miles from Stevens' Gap in the cove.

I believe that the demonstration to-day was only a cavalry reconnaissance to ascertain what our movement was to be. I will be vigilant, and have two brigade of Johnson's division to move upon every menaced point.

I hear that their cavalry is encamped at Mrs. Davis', in front of Dug Gap. Night overtook us and we could not send a brigade there, but we will do so early in the morning.

General Reynolds will be relieved in my front at daylight if everything is quiet in the morning.

Respectfully,

A. McD. McCOOK,

Major-General.
HEADQUARTERS TWENTY-FIRST ARMY CORPS,September 17, 1863.

Brigadier-General GARFIELD, Chief of Staff:

GENERAL: The picket firing in our front this morning, which for a time was quite brisk, has entirely subside. We captured 1 prisoner belonging to the Fourth Georgia Cavalry. General Palmer thinks the attacking force consisted of this regiment alone. The prisoner will be sent to you at once. The three artillery shots fired are reported to have been fired by General Reynolds.

I am, general, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

T. L. CRITTENDEN,

Major-General, Commanding.

SEPTEMBER 17, 1863-11 a.m.

General GARFIELD:

General Thomas is here with two divisions, with orders to occupy my position. Have received no orders to move.

CRITTENDEN.

