
FORT DONELSON, TENN., August 18, 1863.

Captain WILLIAM C. RUSSELL,

Assistant Adjutant-General, Nashville, Tenn.:

Mounted infantry scouts have returned. They bring in 17 prisoners, 27 horses, 8 mules, and a quantity of jeans, cotton, yarn, tent cloth, and some arms. They were not attacked. They scouted the country from Yellow Creek to the Tennessee River for 25 miles south, driving out all guerrillas.

WP. P. LYON,

Colonel, Commanding Post.
HDQRS. FIRST BRIGADE, FIRST DIVISION CAVALRY,Camp at Bolivar, Ala., August 18, 1863.

Captain JOHN PRATT, Assistant Adjutant-General:

CAPTAIN: Agreeably to orders received from Colonel E. M. McCook, commanding First Cavalry Division, I have the honor to make the following report as to the disposition of my command:

The Ninth Regiment of Pennsylvania Cavalry is stationed near the railroad bridge across Mud Creek, guarding the same; also the Bellefonte Ford, Gunter's Ford (Landing), and the mouth of Mud Creek. the Second Michigan and First East Tennessee Cavalry are encamped at Bolivar, Ala., guarding Caperton's Ford, Cox's Ford, and Shallow Ford; also picketing the roads on our front and patrolling the roads between the points guarded by my command and Bolivar

A. P. CAMPBELL,

Colonel, Commanding.

QUARTERMASTER-GENERAL'S OFFICE,

Washington City, August 18, 1863.

Honorable E. M. STANTON, Secretary of War:

SIR: I have to acknowledge the receipt of your letter of yesterday, calling for report upon the practicability of furnishing 5,000 mules for the purpose of mounting infantry in General Rosecran's army, the mules to be of large size, suitable for such service, with an estimate of the probable expense and the time within which they can be furnished. Judging from the late propositions for sale of mules to the Department, I believe it to be practicable, and I estimate that 5,000 mules, suitable for the purpose required, to be not less than 14 1/2 hands in height, could be procured by contract, delivered at Louisville or other convenient point in Kentucky, at $125 each. The time required would probably be six weeks from the opening of the bids; the cost, about $625,000.

I am, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

M. C. MEIGS,

Quartermaster-General.

[Indorsement.]

AUGUST 18, 1863.

The Quartermaster-General is directed to purchase the mules within mentioned as speedily as practicable.

EDWIN M. STANTON,

Secretary of War.

