
Supposing the dust was raised by the enemy moving northward, have we any troops 2 or 3 miles south of this line that would encounter the enemy? The lookouts are posted in a tree on a high point near the left of the line. I cannot detect the dust with my glass from my headquarters, but the lookouts have a better sweep over the country than I have. I will have a strict watch kept and report all I may see or hear.

Respectfully, your obedient servant,

TH. J. WOOD,

Brigadier-General of Volunteers, Commanding.
HEADQUARTERS DEPARTMENT OF THE CUMBERLAND,Crawfish Spring, September 17, 1863-3.15 p.m.

Brigadier-General WOOD,

Commanding First Division, Twenty-first Army Corps:

Your note of 2.15 p.m. giving the results of your observation of the dust and firing to the southward of your position is received. Your observations were very accurate. The firing occurred between a column of the enemy's cavalry and a scouting party of the Fifteenth Pennsylvania cavalry under Colonel Palmer. report any appearances which indicate movements of the enemy.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

J. A. GARFIELD,

Brigadier-General and Chief of Staff.
HEADQUARTERS DEPARTMENT OF THE CUMBERLAND,Crawfish Spring, September 17, 1863-7.30 p.m.

Brigadier General T. J. WOOD:

The general commanding directs me to inform you that Wilder has been sent with his mounted infantry to Alexander's Bridge, on your left and midway between you and Colonel Minty. We have had no report from Minty to-day, and the general commanding directs you to send a messenger to him at once to obtain a report of anything that may have occurred or that he has observed. Forward the report when received to these headquarters.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

C. GODDARD,

Lieutenant-Colonel and Assistant Adjutant General.
HDQRS. FIRST DIVISION, TWENTY-FIRST ARMY CORPS,Gordon's Mills, september 17, 1863-7.30 p.m.

General J. A. GARFIELD,

Chief of Staff:

GENERAL: When Colonel Wilder passed here this afternoon I furnished him with a guide to conduct him to Alexander's Bridge. On the return of the guide he sent me a message to the effect that there was considerable dust and some skirmish-firing in the neighborhood of Napier's. Napier's is about 2 1/2 miles form this, and about the like distance from Alexander's Bridge. It is near the point at which the

