
lines and ran into the enemy's cavalry vedettes; was halted by them, 5 in number, and fired on and no one hurt. The patrol made a charge upon them, but did not capture any on; could have shot them. They learned from a negro and white boy that the station is about three-fourths of a mile farther on, and the main body, considerable number, farther on. No infantry seen or heard of, and the cavalry are said to be strange cavalry. They made their appearance yesterday, and the first seen in this quarter since last Sunday. They traveled up and down the road a great deal yesterday in large squads, sometimes in small squads, and inquired after the Yankees. No bugles of enemy were heard, and no camp-fires seen or reported. The number of the enemy or by whom commanded is not known. The buglers of General Palmer were heard by the patrol.

In haste, very respectfully,

SID. M. BARNES.

Colonel, commanding Third Brigade.

ROSSVILLE, September 17, 1863.

[General GARFIELD:]

MY DEAR GENERAL: This will introduce an old and particular friend, U. S. Senator Nesmith, from Oregon. Take good care of him. He is the prince of good fellows.

Yours, truly,

GRANGER.

P. S.- Steedman went to Ringgold this morning with six regiments and one battery. All right so far. He will bivouac there or near there to-night. I need a regiment of cavalry badly to watch the country east of us. Much valuable information could be obtained from that flank with a small cavalry force.

GRANGER.
HEADQUARTERS DEPARTMENT OF THE CUMBERLAND,Crawfish Spring, September 17, 1863.

Major General G. GRANGER:

The general commanding suggests that the garrisons and posts in your district can be further reduced, and that you can bring to the front as follows:

From Fort Donelson and Clarksville, one regiment infantry; from Nashville, one regiment cavalry; from Stewart's and Brown's Creeks, one battalion of infantry; from Murfreesborough, one regiment infantry and one battalion of cavalry; from the ten regiments of infantry now at Caperton's Ferry, Stevenson, Bridgeport, and Jasper, three regiments infantry; total, five and a half regiments infantry, one regiment and battalion of cavalry-the Caperton Ferry force be withdrawn, the bulk of the Stevenson force posted at Bridgeport, and the Jasper force distributed between that place and Battle Creek. The force at Gallatin should furnish two companies to be re-enforce the garrison at Carthage. As soon as Burnside joins us most of the force at McMinnville can be spared; certainly the Fifth Iowa Cavalry can be brought to the front. If you know of

