
ward. They do not seem to be very well posted. The affair at Cleveland turns out to have been a raid of about 100 men belonging to Scott. They did but little damage. They were also in Ooltewah, some 15 miles from here, yesterday. The citizens are fleeing across the river from fear of their depredations. I have here about 300 men, belonging to the Fourteenth and Twentieth Army Corps, without arms. What shall be done with them? I am using them for fatigue duty. Rations to the amount of about 200,000 here, and 600 cattle more on the way. Steam-boat makes the trial trip to-morrow. Bridge half done.

Your obedient servant,

G. D. WAGNER,

Brigadier-General, Commanding.

[Inclosure]
HDQRS. FIRST BRIG., FOURTH DIV., 23rd ARMY CORPS,Athens, Tenn., September 16, 1863.

COLONEL: My brigade is now at Athens, Tenn. I would like to hear from you to know, if consistent, where your brigade is stationed, and also where the nearest force is, in case I should be attacked. Please let me know whether Chattanooga is in possession of our army or not; and, if not, what position it now occupies. It is reported that the rebels are in Cleveland from 300 to 400 strong, and is tolerably reliable. It is also reported on reliable authority that the enemy intend an extensive raid, with a large force, into this section of the country soon. I have sent three companies to Cleveland, but have not yet heard from them.

Respectfully, &amp;c.,

R. K. BYRD,

Colonel, Commanding
HEADQUARTERS DEPARTMENT OF THE CUMBERLAND,Crawfish Spring, September 17, 1863.

Brigadier-General WAGNER:

The general commanding directs that Company I, Third Indiana Cavalry, be detached, until further orders, for scouting on our flanks under your instruction. As soon as it can be spared from that duty, you will order it to report to these headquarters.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

W. McMICHAEL,

Major and Assistant Adjutant-General.

(Copy to Brigadier General R. B. Mitchell.)
HEADQUARTERS DEPARTMENT OF THE CUMBERLAND,Crawfish Spring, September 17, 1863-10.15 p.m.

Brigadier-General WAGNER:

The general commanding directs you to collect all the available casks and barrels which will hold water and put them in repair, so that they can be sent to the front when they are needed.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

J. A. GARFIELD,

Brigadier-General and Chief of Staff.

