
I will be at Stevens' Gap by 6.30 o'clock in the morning, when I will report in person; or, if you desire, will move the command up to-night, though the horses would be benefitted by remaining here. I will be saddled all night, and ready to move at any time.
Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

E. M. McCOOK,

Colonel, commanding.

KNOXVILLE, TENN., September 17, 1863.

(Received War Department, 10.15 a.m., 18th.)

His Excellency A. LINCOLN,

President United States:

Thank you for your dispatch, and I desire to stay as long as you think necessary, but am very anxious to look after my private affairs as soon as the public service will allow.

A. E. BURNSIDE,

Major-General.

KNOXVILLE, TENN., September 17, 1863.

(Received 1 a.m., 18th.)

Major General H. W. HALLECK,

General-in-Chief:

I arrived here on the night of the 12th, and should have communicated with you at once by courier, but have been expecting telegraph line to be ready every hour since that time. It is up the entire length, but from some cause unknown we get no current between this place and Cumberland Gap. We have men out on all parts of the line, and hope to have it in operation soon. The enemy are concentrating considerable force at Jonesborough, and we are concentrating at Greeneville. Should they not attack us before we are concentrated, we will attack them as soon as we are ready. It is reported on what would seem good authority that Ewell's corps is coming this way. It is certain that all the trains have been sent east from Bristol for the purpose of transportation of troops.

In my last dispatch I told you of a force I have at Athens, the advance connecting with Rosecrans. That force will be left as it was then there, and the remainder of our force will be concentrated at Greeneville, except such as may be necessary for depot guards. By reference to my last dispatch you will know about the size of the force I will be able to concentrate. Should Ewell's corps come down, you will no doubt know it very soon; and, while we will defend ourselves to the best of our ability, it will give an opportunity for Meade to strike Lee a blow. We have abundance of forage in this country, and I think we have made such arrangements as will enable us to supply this command with breadstuffs from the mills of the country.

The supply of beef-cattle is very limited, and there is no salt meat in the country, and very little salt, except about 1,000,000 rations which we captured. There are small-stores in the country, such as sugar, coffee, soap, and candles.

The bridge over the Hiwassee at Calhoun can be repaired in ten days, and we can get stores over the road via Nashville very soon, I

