
nearest provost- marshal, who is authorized to immediately arrest the offender and hold him for punishment.

Vouchers will be give in all cases for property, and these vouchers will state on their face what is known as to the loyalty or disloyalty of the persons from whom property is taken. Property taken by irresponsible parties will at once be turned over to the nearest provost-marshal or military commandant, who will immediately report them to the Provost-Marshal-General for his action.

Citizens as will as soldiers are notified that all prisoner of war, when released on their taking the oath of allegiance, will be permitted to return to their taking the oath of allegiance, will be permitted to return to their homes and resume their ordinary avocations, and will not be threatened or molested by any one so long as they observe their faith to the Government, but will be entitled to the same rights and will receive the same protection as are granted to other citizens; but any violation of the oath will be promptly reported to the nearest provost-marshal, who is authorized to take immediate action.

By command of Major-General Burnside:

LEWIS RICHMOND,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

CINCINNATI, September 17, 1863.

Captain HALL, M

Assistant Quartermaster, Camp Nelson, Ky.:

Three regiments of infantry, the One hundred and fifteenth, One hundred and seventeenth, and One hundred and eighteenth Indian, about 800 strong each, and two batteries of artillery, will arrive at Nicholasville as rapidly as the quartermaster's department can forward the same from here. They will all receive wagons to move from Nicholasville. They have been assigned to the be furnished with wagons and pushed forward at once.

By command of Major-General Burnside:

W. P. ANDERSON,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

WASHINGTON, D. C.,

September 17, 1863-10.30 a.m.

Major-General POPE,

Milwaukee:

The regiments sent from your department will first report to General Schofield, at Saint Louis, when they will receive additional orders.

H. W. HALLECK,

General-in-Chief.

SHERMAN'S HEADQUARTERS,

September 18, 1863.

General RAWLINS,

Assistant Adjutant-General, Vicksburg:

I fear that I will be embarrassed by having more generals of divisions than I have commands for. I want my division commanders

