
ASSISTANT QUARTERMASTER-GENERAL'S OFFICE,

Cincinnati, Ohio, August 18, 1863. (Received 22nd .)

General M. C. MEIGS,

Quartermaster-General, Washington, D. C.:

GENERAL: I have this day telegraphed to you as follows: "12,383 horses and 5,789 mules sent to Nashville since April 27." This number is made up-from Louisville, 9,257 horses and 5, 789 mules; from Chicago, 1, 275 horses; from Indianapolis, 110 horses; from Cincinnati, 1,741 horses.

Very respectfully, your most obedient servant,

T. SWORDS,

Assistant Quartermaster-General.
HEADQUARTERS,Crab Orchard, Ky., August 18, 1863-4.30 p.m.

Major-General ROSECRANS:

We have had a serious delay in mounting the cavalry and accumulating forage and subsistence, but all the columns are in motion. I will telegraph you in cipher this evening the exact position of my troops and my plans. In the mean time will be glad to hear from you.

A. E. BURNSIDE,

Major-General.

CINCINNATI, August 18, 1863.

Major-General BURNSIDE,

Stanford, Ky.:

Arrived last night. Have ordered Colonel De Courcy to Crab Orchard. The medical officers make sorry reports. There are but 2 officers and 30 men fit for duty in Edward's and Benjamin's batteries. Lieutenant Sprague, on duty at headquarters, died last night, and Captain Heistand, assistant quartermaster, is danger-ously ill. It is painful to have to make such reports. Rest assured. I will get the corps in condition for the field as soon as possible.

JNumbers G. PARKE,

Major-General.

HEADQUARTERS CAMP

Stanford, August 18, 1863.

Major General J. G. PARKE:

I learn that the Ninth Corps have been committing some irregularities in Covington. You will of course give the necessary orders to stop it and punish the offenders. Please order De Courcy's brigade to Crab Orchard at once, and get one of your brigades to this place as soon as possible; it is a very good place for them. Communicate with General Boyle, and get him to relieve the Forty-eight Pennsylvania as soon as possible. You will find him ready to co-operate with you, and I am sure you will render him all the assistance in Kentucky he may require.

A. E. BURNSIDE.

