
HIGH POINT, September 18, 1863.

(Received 9.20 a.m.)

Captain MERRILL:

Heavy columns of dust rising in valley beyond Pigeon Mountain,

reaching from Dug Gap to southeast from here.

MEEKER.

SIGNAL STATION, HIGH POINT,

September 18, 1863.

Captain MERRILL:

New fires due east, extending 20 degrees south. Dense at extremities; scattered in center. From 15 to 20 miles distant.

BRENT.

SIGNAL STATION NEAR HEADQUARTERS,

September 18, 1863.

Major-General ROSECRANS:

Could see none but our camp-fires. Inquired of officers on High Point, and they report seeing none but our own.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

W. W. HOPKINS

Lieutenant and Acting Signal Officer.

FRIDAY MORNING, September 18, 1863.

Captain SEITER:

I lost you yesterday morning. I wanted to send you messages yesterday, but could not find you. McCook was just below and I communicated with him. I reported to him fully of that body of cavalry that came out of Dug Gap about 9 a.m. I can watch every movement of theirs at Dug Gap. Can see them relieving their pickets in the morning. I have a fine point for observation. Thank Jones for me for the use of his glass, and tell him I will make regular morning and evening reports hereafter. The following is a dispatch I had intended to send you yesterday a.m., but could not find you:

SEPTEMBER 17, 1863-8 a.m.

SEITER:

From 3 to 4 a.m. could see rebel camp-fires plainly through Dug Gap toward and near La Fayette. Could count five different groups. Fires, I should think, of division. Three north, one in front, and one south of la Fayette.

FULLER.

I watched them again this a.m. but could find only small fires, and they all north of La Fayette. From the columns of dust, I think troops were moving north on the State road all day yesterday. Slight skirmishing for about two hours yesterday p.m.; some picket firing about dark. Think the rebels were moving yesterday toward Ringgold.

FULLER.

P. S. - I have found out from citizens and others the name and location of every point in the valley.

F.

