
and Reed's Bridge, getting in my rear. I held the rebels at Alexander's Bridge until they outnumbered me on every side. I got off my artillery, and am falling back on General Wood.

Respectfully, &amp;c.,

J. T. WILDER,

Colonel, Commanding Brigade.
HDQRS. FIRST BRIG., FOURTH DIV., 14TH ARMY CORPS,Vineyard's, on Chattanooga Road, September 18, 1863-8.50 p. m.

Colonel GODDARD,

Assistant Adjutant-General:

I send you Mr. McDowell, who lives 3 miles this side of Rossville, and knows all the roads in this vicinity. The rebels are across Chickamauga, and are found in force on any of the roads leading to the right, at a quarter of a mile. They are planting artillery in my front, and our lines of skirmishers are mixed together. My main line and theirs is not more than 200 yards apart, and not more than 600 yards from the road from Gordon's Mills to Chattanooga, 1 1/4 miles from Gordon's Mills.

I have no position for artillery, and if my right is not strengthened, am in danger of being driven back. They attacked us at dark with cheers, but were held in check. Their force is nearly all infantry, and from appearances it is a large one.

I am, very respectfully, yours, &c.,

J. T. WILDER,

Colonel, &c.
HEADQUARTERS TWENTIETH ARMY CORPS,Pond Spring, September 18, 1863-9.15 a.m.

Brigadier General J. A. GARFIELD,

Chief of Staff:

GENERAL: I have just heard from Brigadier-General Mitchell.

The courier line is complete. General Mitchell has had a scout within half a mile of Blue Bird Gap; no enemy visible. His headquarters is 2 miles from Bailey's Cross-Roads. I will duplicate his orders.

Respectfully,

A. McD. McCOOK,

Major-General.
HEADQUARTERS TWENTIETH ARMY CORPS,Camp 3 Miles from Winston's, September 13, 1863-1 p.m.*

Brigadier-General GARFIELD, Chief of Staff:

GENERAL: Your letter dated 9. 30 p. m. reached me at 10 a.m. to-day, and would have been acknowledged at once, but I was waiting until General Stanley resolved definitely when and by what route he would go, so that I could give you a positive idea of the position of the infantry ordered to support him. General Davis will go over Lookout Mountain with two brigades with General Stanley. They will then decide the precise point at which the infantry should be posted. Our knowledge of that country forbids me to decide

---------------

*Printed out of chronological order. It should appear on p. 604.

---------------

