
upon any precise spot to spot the support, as converging roads, &amp;c., would influence such posting. The point where the Summerville road intersects the Alpine and La Fayette road will receive consideration.

The Third Brigade of Davis' division will be posted upon Lookout Mountain, commanding and patrolling all the roads upon the mountain top and the valley on this side. All of Stanley's transportation, horses, and commissary stores, Davis' transportation and portions of his artillery, will be cared for by Johnson's division and myself.

My headquarters are now about 7 miles from Sheridan, on headwaters of Lookout Creek, where Johnson's division is encamped. I have the Sand Mountain patrolled by Harrison's mounted infantry.

Eight deserters from the Fourth Tennessee Cavalry came to my pickets on Lookout Mountain at 11 a.m. to-day. They deserted from Summerville at 9 p.m. last night. From all accounts, Stanley will have an easy victory to-morrow. One of the deserters says that he understood that Breckinridge's troops were at Rome. Where shall I send the deserter?

Say to the general that the Twentieth Corps is will fed, and he may always expect to find us with about from eighteen to twenty-four days' rations on hand; that we are happy, and ready for any work he may think proper to order us to do. Stanley has informed you of the whereabouts of the rebel cavalry. Will keep you posted promptly as to Stanley's success.

I am, respectfully,

A. McD. McCOOK,

Major-General, Commanding.
HEADQUARTERS TWENTIETH ARMY CORPS,September 18, 1863-2.45 p.m.

General GARFIELD, Chief of Staff:

GENERAL: Your dispatch of 1 p.m. just received. General Lytle, with his brigades, arrived here last night. His troops are now in position. My wagon train all came down the mountain this morning. Colonel Post's brigade is now marching from Winston's to this place. If you wish, I can direct him to any point on the mountain you may designate. I will await your order. I think the demonstration on the left is a reconnaissance, as Wheeler's demonstration yesterday developed nothing. They evidently saw our movement and are anxious. Thank God we have the wind and dust in our favor.

Respectfully,

A. McD. McCOOK,

Major-General.

P. S. - I await your order to move up.

A. McD. McC.
HEADQUARTERS TWENTIETH ARMY CORPS,September 18, 1863-6.34 p.m.

Brigadier-General GARFIELD, Chief of Staff:

The general commanding inquires if I have had any communication with the cavalry, and if not, why not. I have the honor to state

