
that General Mitchell, the cavalry commander, slept with me last night, and this morning I left him near Bailey's Cross-Roads, he going toward Dougherty's, and I returned to place Sheridan in position. When on my extreme right to-day Colonel Harrison told me that General Mitchell's headquarters were about 2 1/2 miles from that point, and that he would find him. I know Colonel McCook encamped about 5 miles from Sheridan last night. I have communication with General Crook at Dougherty's, by way of Mountain Top. Dr. James left Crook at 7 a.m.; all was well then and no news. I communicate with Mitchell through Colonel Harrison, whom I have ordered to hunt him up. I have sent him word of my order to move long since. Why he has not communicated with me I do not know. Several of his staff are with me to-night; who failed to find him, they having come from Dougherty's. I will give orders to Harrison to find him to-night. He can search the whole cove.

Not a gun has been fired on my lines to-day.

Respectfully, &amp;c.,

A. McD. McCOOK,

Major-General, Commanding.
HEADQUARTERS TWENTIETH ARMY CORPS,September 18, 1863-8.37 p.lm.

Brigadier-General GARFIELD,

Chief of Staff:

GENERAL: My corps will be concentrated at Pond Spring to-night. Brannan's troops have not left camp yet, and the road is blocked up for miles in advance of my. I will sleep here to-night. I hope to hear form Mitchell to-night. I have been very busy all day, and he should have sent me word where his headquarters would be. I left him at Bailey's Cross-Roads about 8.30 a.m. Everything quiet here. I send a train to Winston's in the morning to get some sick and carry them to Chattanooga. I will keep you advised of my progress. I hope orders will be given that Thomas' wagons will not impede my march. I have no baggage with me, nor do I intend to have, save ammunition and rations. My men are confident. Let us in.

Respectfully,

A. McD. McCOOK,

Major-General, Commanding.
HDQRS. FIRST BRIG., FIRST DIV., 20TH ARMY CORPS,September 18, 1863.

Captain GARDNER,

Commanding Fifth Wisconsin Battery:

CAPTAIN: The ammunition train is now moving up the mountain. You will at once prepare your battery to move, and as soon as the road is clear you will make the ascent of the mountain and there await orders.

I am, captain, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

SAMUEL WEST,

Captain and Acting Assistant Adjutant-General.

