HEADQUARTERS,Chattanooga, Tenn., September 18, 1863- 11 p.m.

Brigadier-General GARFIELD:

SIR: I have sent Captain Moreau out in the direction of Tyner's Station this afternoon. He encountered Forrest's men, and captured 1 prisoner from First Confederate. Forrest's forces are said to be between Ringgold and Tyner's Station. Prisoner states he saw Bushrod Johnson's infantry brigade engaged to-day with our extreme left. Says Bragg is largely re-enforced; force, 100,000. Will attack us immediately. Saw ammunition trains moving to the front to-day. Heavy columns of infantry on Chattanooga road between Chattanooga and Ringgold; Joe Johnston in command. Has issued an address to the army yesterday, in which he states to the soldiers that everything depends upon the issue of this battle. I had two men captured to-day. One escaped this evening within 6 miles of this place at Missionary Mills. This force went in the direction of Cleveland.

I am, sir, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

G. D. WAGNER,

Brigadier-General, Commanding Post.
HDQRS. CHIEF OF CAV., DEPT. OF THE CUMBERLAND,Rodger's House, 2 Miles from Blue Bird Gap,

September 18, 1863-5.30 p.m.

General GARFIELD,

Chief of Staff:

GENERAL: I have moved to this point with two brigades of Colonel McCook's division. I found this to be the best place to get corn and water, and at the same time watch the right flank of General McCook. I have sent a scout to the foot of Blue Bird Gap. They saw nothing but a couple of pickets. I have established a courier line between this point and Pond Spring, where it will connect with the line leading from your headquarters to General McCook. I have received no dispatches from you to-day, nor have I heard any news of the movements of the army, either our own or the enemy's.

I am, your obedient servant,

ROBT. B. MITCHELL,

Brigadier-General and Chief of Cavalry.

FORT DONELSON, TENN.,

September 18, 1863.

Captain WILLIAM C. RUSSELL,

Assistant Adjutant-General, Nashville:

An escort to team returning from rolling-mill was attacked by a small party of guerrillas. In the skirmish 2 of our men were killed, and 2 of the guerrillas, 1 of whom is the notorious George Hinson.

A. A. SMITH,

Colonel, Commanding Post.

