
a civil society. Dr. H. W. Hill was elected chairman and J. W. Rice secretary.

On motion the chairman appointed J. E. Patterson, David Hopper, Rev. W. Harris, James Crouch, Rev. P. Haris, Madison Stephenson, and J. W. Parks a committee to draft resolutions.

On motion the chairman was added to the committee.

Preamble.-It has always been the custom of civilized nations when they have conquered a country of a part of a country, and that country no longer offers any military resistance, to protect that country from further aggression and to provide the citizens with the temporary necessaries of life, and also to assist them in providing for themselves in the future. And whereas our county is now in possession of the military authorities of the United States, and consequently we have not only been despoiled of nearly all we possessed, but our families are daily exposed to injuries and insults from straggling soldiers and negroes,armed and unarmed, generally, we have no security or protection for the little we have left:

Resolved, first, We, as good, orderly, and quiet citizens, unite ourselves together and mutually promise to aid each other in pursuing our various avocations of life, and to protect each other in person and property, provided the means be put in our hands by the military authorities of the United States.

Resolved, second, We hereby request the proper military authorities to disarm or remove the armed negroes on Roach's and Blaker's plantations, for reasons which are obvious. The said negroes have robbed peaceable white citizens of their money, clothing, buggies, and horses, for which they have obtained no redress. They have murdered citizens on Deer Creek, plundered their houses, and have driven a peaceable citizen from his home who to save his life, was

forced to swim the Yazoo River at 3 o'clock in the morning, and committed acts of violence on the female part of his family.

Resolved, third, That the same authorities are requested to remove all negroes not belonging to plantations where they have located themselves, who are destroying stock and who are considered a nuisance to the neighborhood.

Resolved, fourth, The same authorities are requested to send suitable negroes to wait on the families who are rendered destitute and are sick, and consequently are unable to assist themselves.

Resolved, fifth, That the following questions be presented to the proper military authorities and a prompt answer requested, to be forwarded to the chairman of this meeting:

Question 1. What security the military authorities will afford the citizens for their lives from violence, and their property from destruction, and in what manner will they be protected?

Question 2. What facilities will be afforded them in planting or pursuing their avocations, and if in proportion to the extent of their operations formerly, or equally to all?

Question 3. What disposition will be made of the negroes who are remaining with their former owners; how those will be fed and clothed who may be hired by the citizens to work, and what will be done with the old and young who are unable to labor for their support, and in what manner will the citizens be rid of those they do not desire to hire?

Question 4. Whether or not the citizens will be permitted to meet for the same purpose at a place of their choice without further consulting the military authorities?

