HDQRS. THIRD DIVISION, TWENTIETH ARMY CORPS,September 19, 1863.

Major-General McCOOK:

GENERAL: My pickets report that the rumbling of carriages can be heard in front of them, and that the sound indicates a movement to the left. I would request that General Lytle be relieved from his position at the ford at Gordon's Mills and allowed to join me, as I may need the entire strength of the division. There is quite an interval on my immediate left which should be filled up.

I am, general, yours, respectfully,

P. H. SHERIDAN,

Major-General,
HEADQUARTERS OF MAJOR-GENERAL ROSECRANS,Crawfish Spring, September 19, 1863.

Major General P. H. SHERIDAN,

Commanding Third SHERIDAN,

Commanding Third Division:

General McCook wishes you to move forward, following General Davis, until the head of your column is opposite the left of General Negley's division, where you will halt it, close up compactly, and watch the right of General Negley. The general does not wish a line of battle formed, but only your troops massed, so that you can withdraw easily to a better position in your rear in this direction.

Respectfully,

G. P. THRUSTON,

Assistant Adjutant-General, Chief of Staff.
HEADQUARTERS TWENTIETH ARMY CORPS,Pond Spring, September 19, 1863-3.30 a.m

General P. H. SHERIDAN,

Commanding Third Division, Twentieth Army Corps:

General Johnson has orders to move his division at early dawn this a.m. upon the road from here to Crawfish Spring, and close up upon General Thomas, who is now 4 miles in advance. General Davis is directed to follow him, keeping well closed up. General McCook directs that you move your division immediately in the rear of General Davis.

The officer in charge of your train will report in person here to Colonel Boyd, who will inform him of the direction your train will take and the position it will occupy. When on the road, directions will meet you where to camp, &amp;c.,

General McCook directs that if you have any information from your front you do not fail to communicate it.

I am, general, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

A. C. McCLURG,

Captain and Acting Assistant Adjutant-General.

