
for reports to be made from division headquarters unless some are occasionally received from the brigades.

The general commanding therefore directs that all reports now due and overdue from your command be forwarded to these headquarters by courier without delay; also all official documents requiring the action of the general commanding, and copies of orders under which your command has operated (not coming through division headquarters) during your late movements. This is required by paragraph 438, revised Army Regulations. Constant communication will be held with these headquarters if possible. Should you receive orders to move any portion of your command, send copy of order to these headquarters or send notice by telegraph. Documents for you will be sent to Rossville, Ga., for the present.

I am, colonel, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

T. WISEMAN,

Captain and Assistant Adjutant-General.

(Copy to Colonel Le Favour, commanding Third Brigade, Second Division, Reserve Corps.)

[SEPTEMBER 19, 1863.]

General THOMAS (or any other U. S. general):

I am lying within 1 mile of Reed's Bridge. Have had a regiment at the bridge, and set it on fire. A rebel force of one or more brigades crossed to this side of the creek at Reed's Bridge, and went up the creek by Underwood's saw-mill.

DANL. McCOOK,

Colonel, Commanding Brigade.
HEADQUARTERS DEPARTMENT OF THE CUMBERLAND,Widow Glenn's, September 19, 1863-5.20 p.m.

Brigadier General R. B. MITCHELL,

Commanding Cavalry:

The general commanding directs that you relieve all of the Tenth Ohio Volunteers on picket or other duty near Crawfish Spring, and order them to report to these headquarters. Three companies were sent last night to picket the Chickamagua from Crawfish Spring to General Wood's picket line on the left.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

FRANK S. BOND,

Major and Aide-de-Camp.
HEADQUARTERS CHIEF OF CAVALRY,DEPARTMENT OF THE CUMBERLAND,

Rodgers', September 19, 1863.

C. GODDARD, Assistant Adjutant-General:

COLONEL: I have the honor to report the effective force of my command, so far as heard from, as follows:

Command.	 Officers	 Men

First Brigade, First	 75	 1,242

Division.

Second Brigade, First	 81	 1,328

Division

Total	 156	 2,570

