
with you by way of drill, and go out as far as Baker's Creek. I feel provoked with Colonel Fletcher at his cock-and-bull story. My scouts have been up as far as Mechanicsburg to-day, capturing the pickets at Wesley Chapel.

W. T. SHERMAN,

Major-General.

SEPTEMBER 20, 1863.

General BUCKLAND,

Oak Ridge:

All right. To-morrow my cavalry will cross below the railroad bridge and swing around to Auburn and Cayuga. General Osterhaus will take a brigade of infantry out to Edwards Depot and cover much feeling against Bragg for abandoning Tennessee. They expect a battle in Georgia, but I see no indication of a fight.

W. T. SHERMAN,

Major-General./
HEADQUARTERS SEVENTEENTH ARMY CORPS,Vicksburg, Miss, September 20, 1863.

Colonel STEPHENS,

Commanding Second Wisconsin Cavalry:

COLONEL: You will immediately send two-thirds of your available force under a discreet, competent officer to Hankinson's Ferry and vicinity, to make a thorough reconnaissance and ascertain if you can anything of the movements of the enemy.

General Sherman reports camp-fires across the Big Black in the vicinity of Hall's Ferry, and the indications are that the enemy is moving down the southeast side with a view of dashing across the river at some unguarded point. Report promptly any reliable information you may get. General Sherman will send a force down to Hall's Ferry to find out what is there.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

JAS. B. McPHERSON,

Major-General.

LA GRANGE, September 20, 1863.

Brigadier General B. H. GRIERSON:

A scouting party which has been in the neighborhood of Lamar for two days has just returned. Diligent inquiry of runaway negroes from near Holly Springs last night and of citizens from that vicinity and below Salem was made. Could hear of no considerable force north of Tallahatchie except Mitchell's roving company. Two ladies from Okolona a week ago reported a small force there and two regiments at New Albany, so they heard. They did not cross the river there.

L. F. McCRILLIS,

Colonel, Commanding.

