
NASHVILLE, August 19, 1863.

Lieutenant-Colonel GODDARD:

I have no plan of the bridge at Bridgeport; will see the vice-president in the morning, and see if it can be found. I am pretty confident there are 17 spans of 150 feet; will ascertain and let you know as soon as possible.

INNES,

Colonel.

Journal of operations of the Fourteenth Army Corps.

AUGUST 19, 1863.

Camp of corps headquarters at mouth of Little Crow Creek. Headquarters reached this place to-day. First Division remains in camp; Second Division camped on Crow Creek, 3 miles from Stevenson; Third Division camped on Battle Creek, near Jasper; Fourth Division also Wilder's brigade, Fourth Division, started on an expedition to Harrison's Landing, on Tennessee River, 12 miles above Chattanooga. The roads over which the corps has traveled are exceedingly rough, but could be made with some work and excellent road.
HEADQUARTERS FOURTEENTH ARMY CORPS,Mouth of Little Crow, August 19, 1863.

Major-General ROSECRANS.

Commanding Department:

I have the honor to report the First Division of my corps at Anderson Station; the Second Division between Anderson and Stevenson; Fourth Division at Battle Creek, 5 miles from Jasper, and the Third Division within supporting distance of Reynolds.

General Reynolds represents the roads so bad and hilly via Sweeden's Cove to Tracy City that I respectfully ask that rations be furnished the Third and Fourth Divisions from Stevenson.

GEO. H. THOMAS,

Major-General, U. S. Volunteers, Commanding.

STEVENSON, August 19, 1863-10.10 p.m.

Major General GEORGE H. THOMAS:

GENERAL: Your dispatch received. The general commanding thinks General Reynolds had better occupy Jasper, at least with a brigade. He desires that he take such a position as to prevent the enemy from establishing batteries to command the mouth of Battle Creek. Brannan can advance correspondingly so as to support Reynolds. Let them send their trains this way for subsistence.

By order:

C. GODDARD,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

(Operator will send this to Anderson Station to be forwarded at once.)

