
ROSSVILLE, September 20, 1863-8.10 p.m.
C. GODDARD,

Assistant Adjutant-General:

i am here with eight companies of my command. Shall I go to Chattanooga?

WARD,

Colonel Tenth Ohio.

ROSSVILLE, September 20, 1863-8 p.m.

Major-General ROSECRANS:

I have collected here a number of batteries and arrangements of batteries, and parked two at this point to water and rest their horses. They cannot all be used with advantage at this point in their present condition. Would it not be best to send them to Chattanooga immediately, to avoid the confusion that must occur when General Thomas command retires?

JAS. S. NEGLEY,

Major-General.
HDQRS. FIRST BRIG., FOURTH DIV., 14TH ARMY CORPS,September 20, 1863-6 p.m.

Lieutenant Colonel C. GODDARD,

Assistant Adjutant-General:

My command is in the Chattanooga Valley, disposed as follows:

Two regiments at McCulloch's Mills, guarding the intersection of roads there; one regiment at Couch's; one regiment at the road up Lookout Mountain to Summertown, and one regiment and battery 1 mile above Couch's, 5 miles from Chattanooga. My command drove the rebels from their position at Mrs. Glenn's, capturing two howitzers which we abandoned for want of horses. We drove them nearly to the La Fayette road, when they coming around in the woods to our left (breaking Sheridan's right) into the Chattanooga road northwest of Mrs. Glenn's and up in the hills to our rear, I moved back, unpursued, and attacked them in flank on the hills and drove them from the road to Devoti's, and, getting possession of our horses, was ordered by Colonel Thruston (chief of staff to General McCook, under whose orders I was) to move back to Chattanooga Valley, bringing two guns of the Eleventh Indiana Battery we recaptured with me, where I wait for orders.

My command is in good condition except our horses. Our loss is considerable, including Colonel Funkhouser, Ninety-eight Illinois, severely wounded. We came off in good order, bringing off wagon trains, ambulance trains, a supply of recaptured ammunition, and gathering up stragglers from Generals Sheridan's, Davis', and Van Cleve's commands.

I am, colonel, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

J. T. WILDER,

Colonel, Commanding Brigade.

