
GREENEVILLE, September 20, 1863.

Lieutenant-Colonel RICHMOND,

Assistant Adjutant-General:

I send you the following message, having received the same from Colonel Carter:

JONESBOROUGH, September 19.

General SHACKELFORD:

I arrived here at dark. According to the best information I have, the rebels to the amount 1,500 cavalry are at Johnson's Depot, which is 6 miles from here, and their force at Carter's Depot and Zollicoffer is variously estimated at from 5,000 to 10,000, and my own opinion is, from all that I can gather, that they have a considerable force at these places, which I think, including the cavalry, will amount to some 3,000 or 4,000.

It is reported that they are fortifying at Carter's Depot, and I am inclined to believe that they will make a stand there unless Foster moves on their flank and dislodges them. Colonel Crittenden has sent out some reliable men to procure further information, and expects their return some time during the night.

Yours, most respectfully,

JAMES P. T. CARTER,

Colonel, Commanding Brigade.

J. M. SHACKELFORD,

Brigadier-General.

GREENEVILLE, September 20, 1863.

Major-General BURNSIDE:

I send dispatch just received:

JONESBOROUGH, September 20.

I have just learned from a perfectly reliable source that the rebel force is at least 6,000, and is camped at the following places: 1,000 mounted infantry and three pieces of artillery at Snapp's Ferry, on the north side of the Holston, 15 miles north of this place; at Carter's Depot, 1,000 cavalry, 1,500 infantry, and ten pieces of artillery; at Zollicoffer, 2,500 men (mostly mounted men) under command of Major-General Jones. The gentleman giving this information lives at Carter's Station; left there last night, and is perfectly reliable.

Colonel Crittenden very foolishly arranged to meet his brother under a flag of truce this morning, which I requested him not to comply with, and greatly to my surprise on coming to his headquarters found that he had gone. As I intended moving out to the front this morning, so as to attract their attention and prevent them from re-enforcing Jones at Zollicoffer, this move has seriously disarranged my plans, confining me here until the return of the flag.

I hope that re-enforcements will be pressed forward as rapidly as possible.

JAS. P. T. CARTER.

P. S.- Colonel Cameron, with a brigade of infantry, has just arrived.

J. P. T. CARTER.

J. M. SHACKELFORD,

Brigadier-General.

WASHINGTON, D. C.,

September 20, 1863-2.15 p.m.

Major-General SCHOFIELD,

Saint Louis:

The troops from General Pope were ordered to Saint Louis to report to you.

H. W. HALLECK,

General-in-Chief.

