
true to the Union. It is better for you to be with Ransom's brigade, for your old division has too many generals-Blair, Morgan Smith, Giles Smith, Ewing, and Lightburn. I will have to squeeze it into two brigades. I would like much to see you. My child Minnie has been very sick. I think I will start them all home in three days,, and if everything favors I may ask to go up as far as Memphis with them. Could you come out to-night? I can have a horse for you, or Condit Smith will send you one.

W. T. SHERMAN,

Major-General.

CAIRO, ILL., September 21, 1863-12 m.

(Received 9.35 p.m.)

Major General H. W. HALLECK,

General-in-Chief:

I received your telegram of 16th on the 18th, and forwarded it immediately to Sherman. I have sent twelve boats, and more will be sent to bring up his corps. The water in the Ohio and Tennessee Rivers is so low that I think they must march from Corinth. I have ordered 1,000,000 rations and plenty of spare wagons to be transported to Corinth, ready as they come up. I have directed six regiments from my command to be ready to move-two from Columbus, which will go by railroad from Cairo, two from Memphis, and two from Corinth. The last force will move from Corinth with Sherman, being too small a force to march alone. I hold the cavalry of my corps to cover Sherman's movements. If these arrangements are satisfactory I desire an answer.

If it be necessary to move them by rail from Cairo, it can be done by leaving land transportation behind. The Ohio and Mississippi?Railroad is a different gauge, and will require transfer. I have abundance of rolling stock to Corinth, and from thence to Chattanooga should not take more than eight days of hard marching. The extreme lowness of all our rivers, including one bridge, will hinder us much, and, with the best possible speed, it will be impossible for Sherman to get into communication with General Rosecrans in less than fourteen days from this date at the shortest, and probably twenty days. I await answer and further instructions at this place.

S. A. HURLBUT,

Major-General.

PADUCAH, September 21, 1863.

Brigadier General A. J. SMITH,

Commanding District, Columbus, Ky.:

The following dispatch has just been received from commanding officer at Fort Donelson, Tenn., viz:

FORT DONELSON, September 20, 1863.

COMMANDING OFFICER,

Paducah, Ky.:

I have reliable information that the enemy, 7,000 strong, are at Paris, Tenn., and the probability is they intend crossing the Tennessee River.

E. C. BROTT,

Lieutenant-Colonel, Commanding Post.

JAMES S. MARTIN,

Colonel 111th Illinois Infantry, Commanding Post.

