HDQRS. SECOND DIVISION, FOURTEENTH ARMY CORPS,Cave Spring, Ala., August 19, 1863.

Lieutenant-Colonel FLYNT,

Chief of Staff, Fourteenth Army Corps:

SIR: I have the honor to report my division in camp. Division headquarters, train, and Eleventh Michigan at Cave Spring, 2 miles from Stevenson. The First Brigade at spring close to and west of railroad, 3 1/2 miles from Stevenson. The third and second regiments (Eighteenth Ohio Volunteers and Nineteenth Illinois) of the Second Brigade, at a spring close to and east of the railroad and creek, 3 1/2 miles from Stevenson. There is barely sufficient spring water to supply the troops at these points. I respectfully inclose an order and circular issued to-day.

The disobedience and inefficiency of Lieutenant-Colonel Ward, Thirty-seventh Indiana Volunteers, is peculiarly aggravating. Stragglers from his regiment were overtaken 10 miles in advance of the division. Upward of 30 were absent from the regiment for two days. I know of no [more] salutary remedy for such neglect than summary dismissal. If this punishment could be inflicted in this case, it would relieve the service of a very inefficient officer, and relieve this officer of a responsibility which is entirely too weighty for his capacity. Charges have been preferred against him of course.*

Yours, very truly,

JAMES S. NEGLEY,

Major-General.

[Inclosure.]

CIRCULAR.] HDQRS. SECOND DIVISION, 14TH ARMY CORPS,

Cave Spring, Ala., August 19, 1863.

Our present halt will be of very short duration. Use the opportunity to ascertain the exact condition of your arms, ammunition, clothing, and transportation; make immediate requisitions for all deficiencies, and hasten their completion. Brigade, regimental, and company officers will give personal attention to all the requirements of their respective command.

By command of Major-General Negley:

JAMES A. LOWRIE,

Major and Assistant Adjutant-General.
HDQRS. FOURTH DIVISION, FOURTEENTH ARMY CORPS,Battle Creek, East Side, August 19, 1863-6 p.m.

Lieutenant-Colonel FLYNT:

COLONEL: Herewith find reports from Colonel Carlton and Colonel Wilder, just received. Fourth Division (Second Brigade) here. Brannan's division is at Sweede's Cove, 4 or 5 miles in rear.

Signal party on mountain at mouth of Battle Creek report enemy's pickets in small squads visible on south side of Tennessee River. Railroad train was seen running toward Chattanooga from a point about opposite the mouth of Battle Creek. Will send train to-morrow to Tracy City for supplies. Bridgeport is only 8 miles from this

---------------

*Lieutenant-Colonel Ward was placed under arrest for a few days, but after an interview with his division commander he was restored to duty without trial.

---------------

