
tion, into Vicksburg with all dispatch, using the railroad and marching by land into Vicksburg, and there embark for such destination as may be given him by the commanding general of the department. General Osterhaus will report forthwith by telegraph to the commanding general of the department the earliest hour at which he can reach the river, that boats may be in waiting for his command.

II. Brigadier General Giles A. Smith, commanding the Second Division, will send forthwith one brigade of his division to the bridge of his division to the bridge to guard and hold that point, relieving General Osterhaus this afternoon.

By order of Major General W. T. Sherman:

R. SAWYER,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

SHERMAN'S HEADQUARTERS,

September 22, 1863.

General RAWLINS,

Assistant Adjutant-General, Vicksburg:

By my orders, a copy of which was sent you by telegraph, you will see that I have detailed Osterhaus' division (my First), the same that was commanded by Steele. General Woods and Colonel Williamson are the brigade commander. They can be moved into Vicksburg quicker than any other. For prudential reasons I leave the designation of their destination and route to you.

The easiest way to relieve pressure on Rosecrans would be for that Texas expedition to be directed on Mobile, an all our available forces, including those of Steele, moving on Meridian and Selma, uniting at Pascagoula with the New Orleans forces. On the other hand, leave the Trans-Mississippi alone for awhile till Red River rises, and using the interim to attack the line of the Alabama, destroying in passing the Mobile and Ohio road. This would force Joe Johnston to make very heavy detachments from Bragg.

I doubt if our re-enforcement to Rosecrans, can reach him in time to do good. He is not going to push into Georgia, and his force is ample to cover the line of the Tennessee.

W. T. SHERMAN,

Major-General.

VICKSBURG, MISS.,

September 22, 1863.

Major General J. B. McPHERSON:

GENERAL: Inclosed find copy of dispatch* from General Halleck. You will please send orders to General Smith to proceed with his division to re-enforce General Rosecrans, reporting to General Hurlbut at Memphis for instructions as to the most practicable route.

By order of Major General U. S. Grant:

JNumbers A. RAWLINS,

Acting Assistant Adjutant-General.

---------------

*See Part I, p. 161.

---------------

