SPECIAL ORDERS, HDQRS, DEPT. OF THE TENNESSEE,Numbers 260. Vicksburg, Miss., September 22, 1863.

* * * * * * *

XIII. Brigadier General John E. Smith, commanding Seventh Division, Seventeenth Army Corps, Army of the Tennessee, now at Helena, or en route for this place, will proceed at once with the entire force now with him to the Department of the Cumberland, and there report temporarily to Major General W. S. Rosecrans. En route he will report to Major General S. A. Hurlbut for direction as to the most practicable route by which he will join General Rosecrans. He will use the transports he now has, and the quartermaster's department will furnish him such other transportation, either by water or land as, may be necessary.

* * * * * * * *

By order of Major General U. S. Grant:

JNumbers A. RAWLINS,

Brigadier-General and Acting Assistant Adjutant-General.

WAR DEPARTMENT,

Washington, September 22, 1863-11.40 a.m.

(Received 27th.)

Major-General HURLBUT, Memphis:

Your arrangements are satisfactory. Time alone can determine how far it may be necessary to push forward the troops you may collect.

H. W. HALLECK,

General-in-Chief.
HEADQUARTERS DEPARTMENT OF THE TENNESSEE,Vicksburg, Miss., september 22, 1863

Major General S. A. HURLBUT,

Commanding Sixteenth Army Corps:

GENERAL: Yours of the 18th instant, inclosing dispatch from the General-in-Chief of the Army, date the 15th instant, ordering re-enforcements for Rosecrans, is received.

Sherman has been ordered to get one division in readiness to move from here as soon as transportation can be had. Smith's division, of McPherson's corps, has been ordered to re-enforce Rosecrans, reporting to you at Memphis for the most practicable route by which to reach him, or rather route it is intended re-enforcements should go. The General-in-Chief has been telegraphed the above; also that you ought to be able to spare one full division, if not two, besides such troops as may return from the Little Rock expedition.

It is desirable that an army corps commander should go in command of all the re-enforcements from here, and that as many of one corps be sent as soon as possible. If, therefore, they are to move east from Corinth you will please put your entire corps in motion and proceed with it in person to join Rosecrans, directing the troops from here to relieve yours in their present duties.

If they are not to move by that rout, please send word by dispatch boat at once to these headquarters.

By order of Major General . U. S. Grant:

JNumbers A. RAWLINS,

Brigadier-General and Acting Assistant Adjutant-General.

