
torious, but apprehends that, as Rosecrans, is an obstinate fighter and his army as yet unbroken, the finale may be like Shiloh, Corinth, and Murfreesborough:

CHICKAMAUGA RIVERS, September 20.

(ViaRinggold, 21st).

General COOPER,

Adjutant and Inspector-General:

After two day's hard fighting we have driven the enemy, after a desperate resistance, from several positions, and now hold the field, but he still confronts us. The losses are heavy on both sides, especially so in our officers. We have taken over twenty pieces of artillery and some 2,500 prisoners.

BRAXTON BRAGG,

General.

ZOLLICOFFER,

September 20.

General S. COOPER:

The enemy made a demonstration in force on us here to-day, and were repulsed. My cavalry followed them to Blountville, 6 miles from here. Their force engaged to-day are believed to have been not less than 2,000, all mounted, and six pieces of artillery. Five other regiments are reported between Jonesborough and Watauga Bridge, but they had not engaged my force at the latter place late this afternoon.

SAMUEL JONES,

Major-General.

Zollicoffer is a station on the East Tennessee and Virginia Railroad, 11 miles from Bristol. Jonesborough is 32 miles from Bristol. The distance from Bristol to Knoxville is 130 miles.

LYNCHBURG, September 21.

The enemy, 1,300 strong, entered Bristol on Saturday, meeting with feeble resistance. They destroyed the new commissary building, containing about 100 barrels this side of Bristol they destroyed a bridge and tore up a few rails, and then went back. There is no force threatening Saltville. General Jones whipped the enemy at Zollicoffer, 10 miles west of Bristol, on Sunday, and it is reported that General Williams, being in their rear, had captured the entire retreating force, said to be 2,400 . The last rumor needs confirmation, but Jones' victory is doubtless true.

J. G. FOSTER.

[SEPTEMBER 22, 1863.- For Graham to Stanton, relating to reenforcements from Lee to Bragg, &amp;c., see Series I, Vol. XXIX, Part II, p. 223.]

SIGNAL STATION,

Bob White's, [September 22, 1863.]

Captain MERRILL:

Mr. Ritchie, a good and reliable man, comes here this morning from the river. He reports the rebels very strong on opposite side of the river; thinks they have about 150 men per mile along the bank; that last night they crossed and tore down the telegraph wire, and stripped some horses that were abandoned by a party who attempted to ride along the road yesterday; that a large number are in and about an old house (Hutchinson's old house, three-quarters of a mile below the Suck); that they were working there yesterday and last night, he thinks, building some boats. He says there is no force below the Suck (2 1/2 miles above here), or above Brown's, at the Pot (3 miles

