
going over as ordered. It is not the same thing drawing your supplies from Stevenson. It will lumber up the road too much, besides exposing your wagon trains to fire crossing Battle Creek. Forward Wilder as fast as possible.

By order of General Rosecrans:

F. S. BOND,

Major and Aide-de-Camp.
HDQRS. FIRST Brigadier FOURTH DIV., 14TH ARMY CORPS,Dunlap, August 19, 1863.

Major-General REYNOLDS:

GENERAL: My advance reached here at 1 p.m. I do not think there are any forces of consequence this side of Tennessee River. I captured a few scouts to-day-Captain Carson and 10 men. The road from Bryant's to Therman is very bad; my men repaired it so as to pass my train. I will start from here at daylight in the morning, without wagons, with five days' rations, for Harrison and Chattanooga.

The slope-wall on the Anderson road over Walden's Ridge is thrown down. My whole command will go to Poe's Tavern, and then one-half will go to Chattanooga and the other to Harrison. I shall send part of my train to Tracy City in the morning for rations; if they are not there we will starve. Crittenden is here; Palmer is just arriving.

Deserters report that Bragg has one brigade at Chattanooga, two at Tyner's Station, one at Harrison's, one at Chickamauga Station, in Georgia, and Buckner's force is all at Knoxville, and Forrest's division is up the Tennessee River.

Wood will be at Therman to-night. My forage will be exhausted to-morrow. There is plenty of green corn in this valley, not yet hard enough for forage. I cannot subsist myself here if I have to draw rations and forage from Cowan.

J. T. WILDER,

Colonel, Commanding.
HEADQUARTERS TWENTY-FIRST ARMY CORPS,Dunlap, August 19, 1863-3 p.m.

Brigadier-General GARFIELD,

Chief of Staff:

My advance reached here at 1 o'clock p.m. I met Wilder, who has just arrived. I am here with eight regiments and two batteries. The rest of the command, including transportation, will be here to-night.

Wilder reports that Wagner and his brigade is about arriving at Therman, and he thinks that Wood and his whole command will be there by night. I telegraphed you last evening from McMinniville, since when I have not heard from Van Cleve.

I send you detailed report, not in cipher, containing all the information I have been able to get, and received from a very intelligent deserter out of 10 who came into our lines this morning and who left Tyner's Station Sunday night.

T. L. CRITTENDEN,

Major-General, Commanding.

