
ing for duty, and have turned over the command of the brigade to Colonel A. O. Miller, Seventy-second Indiana.

I am, very respectfully, yours to command,

J. T. WILDER,

Colonel, Commanding Brigade.
HDQRS. FIRST BRIG., FOURTH DIV., 14TH ARMY CORPS,Friar's Island, September 22, 1863.

Lieut . Colonel C. GODDARD,

Assistant Adjutant-General:

COLONEL: I have the honor to report that Colonel Wilder being sick and unable for duty, he this morning turned over the command of the brigade to me, together with all unexecuted orders. In pursuance of orders received by Colonel Wilder, I at once established a courier line from here to Chattanooga, and sent a party with dispatches to Colonel Byrd, commanding General Burnside's advance, at Cleveland. At the same time I proceeded to demolish the works of the enemy on the opposite side of the river, and succeeded in accomplishing it effectually. White this was being done I worked all the tools I have, without intermission, in constructing works for defense on this side the river. I have finished the construction of a bridge for the passage of artillery across the Chickamauga, and now have the command disposed as follows: Second Michigan Cavalry at Harrison's Landing, guarding the river as far up as Igou's Ferry; four regiments and the battery here, and one regiment gone to Stevenson with prisoners, started yesterday.

The enemy is reported by citizens to be at South Chickamauga Bridge, on the Harrison road. I sent a scouting party to the mouth of Sale Creek this morning, with orders to report to-night.

I am, colonel, very respectfully, your obedient servant.

A. O. MILLER,

Colonel, Commanding Brigade.

CROSSING OF CHATTANOOGA CREEK

BY THE BRIDGEPORT ROAD,

September 22, 1863-2 a.m.

General McCOOK,

Twentieth Army Corps:

GENERAL: The general commanding directs that you encamp your corps on the Bridgeport road near Chattanooga, between Chattanooga Creek and the railroad crossing-that is, the crossing of the railroad by the Bridgeport road. They can encamp on either side of the road for a half a mile. Those on the east side can procure water from the Blue Springs, near the hospital buildings, and those on the west side of the roads can get water from the Tennessee, unless they find enough nearer.

By command of Major-General Rosecrans:

WM. E. MERRILL,

Captain of Engineers.

