
position again at daylight in the morning. He wishes you to keep a strong line of skirmishers on your front to-night and to have your command under arms at 4 a.m. to-morrow.

I have the honor to be, general, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

G. P. THRUSTON,,

Assistant Adjutant-General and Chief of Staff.
HEADQUARTERS TWENTIETH ARMY CORPS,Chattanooga, September 22, 1863-7.10 p.m.

Major, General P. H. SHERIDAN,

Commanding Third Division, Twentieth Army Corps:

GENERAL: Major Bond, aide-de-camp, in person, has just presented the compliments of the commander of the department, and states his desire that General McCook and his division commanders meet him immediately at department headquarters.

General McCook desires that you at once comply with this request.

I am, general, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

A. C. McCLURG,

Captain and Acting Assistant Adjutant-General.

CAMP ON RIDGE EAST OF CHATTANOOGA,

September 22, 1863.

Brigadier-General WAGNER:

We took position on Shallow Ford road and Bird's Mill road on top of the main ridge. Our pickets are on the east side of the ridge. We saw an extensive line of lights in front to our right last night; they extended farther to the right and left at midnight. We heard something like moving artillery at midnight. Is General Spears about Bird's Mill? If so, that accounts for it.

T. J. HARRISON,

Colonel Thirty-ninth Regiment Indiana Volunteers.

BRIDGEPORT, September 22, 1863.

Major-General ROSECRANS:

All quiet at Bridgeport; have heard of enemy in vicinity; have no patrols down the river. Had scouting party on Sand Mountain yesterday; they saw no enemy. Have heard nothing of the enemy crossing anywhere. Will swing bridge around as ordered and will defend island. Sent ammunition train of fifty wagons last night on north side of river with five companies of infantry as escort. Will send another train this morning.

R. F. SMITH,

Colonel, Commanding.
HEADQUARTERS DEPARTMENT OF THE CUMBERLAND,

Chattanooga, Tenn., September 22, 1863

Brigadier General W. C. WHITAKER:

The general commanding directs you in addition to watching the fords of the river, as heretofore directed, to guard and organize the

