HDQRS. FIRST BRIG., FOURTH DIV., 23rd ARMY CORPS,Calhoun, Tenn., September 22, 1863.

Captain GODDARD,

Assistant Adjutant-General:

My brigade consists of only three small regiments and one battery of artillery, with the horses broken down. I doubt my ability to get to you without more force, as the enemy I learn are near Cleveland. I am looking for Wolford's cavalry here to-day, and I will join you as fast as possible.

Respectfully, &amp;c.,

R. K. BYRD,

Colonel, Commanding First Brigade,

[Inclosure.]

SEPTEMBER 22, 1863.

Received of orderly a cipher dispatch for Major-General Burnside; also dispatch for commanding officer here.

JAS. McCARTNEY,

Acting Assistant Adjutant-General.

[Indorsement]

This was my dispatch sent from Crawfish Spring last Friday.

C. G.

TRACY CITY, September 22, 1863-8 p.m.

Captain R. S. THOMS,

Aide-de-Camp:

I have just received reliable information that a force of 200 or 300 rebels are in my section of the country. They are plundering and destroying everything. I am aware they insulted my wife, firing a pistol at her head. They are said to be Murray and his men. I most respectfully ask that I may be ordered to scout in that section before the general commanding as soon as possible. I only want to be absent a few days.

Respectfully, &c.,

W. B. STOKES,

Colonel, Commanding.

WAR DEPARTMENT,

Washington, September 22, 1863-2 p.m.

Major-General BURNSIDE.

Knoxville, Tenn.:

Yours of yesterday is received. I must again urge you to move immediately to Rosecrans' relief. I fear your delay has already permitted Bragg to prevent your junction. Do not let your troops be caught by the enemy south of the Tennessee River. To all appearances your only safety is to move down on the north side. Sam. Jones is not likely to move down the valley unless re-enforced. If the enemy should cross the Tennessee above Chattanooga, you will be hopelessly separated from Rosecrans, who may not be able to hold out on the south side.

H. W. HALLECK,

General-in-Chief.

50 R R-VOL XXX, PT III

