
CINCINNATI, September 22, 1863.

STEPHEN A. JONES,

Asst. Provost Marshal, Dist. of Kentucky, Louisville, Ky.,

William Carroll Jewett passed through Detroit last Saturday. If amine, and report for further orders. He probably has rebel dispatches from Europe.

By order of Brigadier General N. C. McLean.

OSCAR MINOR,

Assistant Adjutant-General.
HEADQUARTERS ARMY OF THE OHIO,September 22, 1863.

Major General S. JONES,

Comdg. Confederate Forces, Carter's Station, Tenn.:

GENERAL: In the course of the movements of this army I may find it necessary to fire upon the villages on the line of the railroad occupied by your forces, In order to avoid accidents to non-combatants, I have the honor to request that you will cause immediate notice hereof to be given to all such residents of these villages, that they may remove themselves to place of safety. No one of the villages will be fired upon before 5 p.m. to-day, and the flag of truce bearing this will terminate one hour after my officer arrives at your pickets. He is authorized to wait there that long for any message from you.

I have the honor to be, general, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

A. E. BURNSIDE,

Major-General, Commanding.
HDQRS. ADVANCED DIVISION CONFEDERATE FORCES,September 22, 1863.

Major General A. E. BURNSIDE.

Commanding Army of the Ohio:

GENERAL: I have received your communication in the temporary absence of my superior officers, and the limited time set for the return of your flag prevents me from referring it to them for a reply. The short space allowed for the removal of non-combatants from the does not seem to me consistent with the usages of civilized warfare, and particularly when you intimate that you are prepared to fire on a number of villages and claim the right to do so after 5 p.m. to-day. I will ask you most respectfully how information can be conveyed to them when it is now 4.30 p.m.?

I have the honor to be, general, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

JNumbers S. WILLIAMS,

Brigadier-General.

LOUISVILLE, September 22, 1863.

Honorable E. M. STANTON:

From General Boyle I find that under General Orders, Numbers 321 of General Burnside, of which Major Simpson, Engineers, has sent a

