
join General Rosecrans, or such orders as General Hurlbut may have for him based on a contingent order form these headquarters. The quartermaster's department will furnish the necessary transportation.
By order of Major General U. S. Grant:

JNumbers A. RAWLINS,

Brigadier-General and Acting Assistant Adjutant-General.
HEADQUARTERS DISTRICT OF MEMPHIS,Memphis, September 23, 1863.

Lieutenant Colonel HENRY BINMORE,

Assistant Adjutant-General, Sixteenth Army Corps:

COLONEL: Brigadier-General Veatch, commanding district, being unwell, I have the honor to transmit, in pursuance of his instructions, a copy of dispatch received this evening from the scouting party sent out to-day on the Pigeon Roost road:

THIRTEEN MILES ON PIGEON ROOST ROAD.

Information obtained from a citizen form below Oxford: He saw 15 men on picket at Coldwater, who informed him that there were 1,500 men, under Ruggles and Johnston [?] crossing Coldwater at Wyatt's Ferry, intending to strike the railroad at three points. I have captured 1 robber.

SAMUEL FOSTER,

Captain, Commanding.

General Veatch requests that information be sent by telegraph to the different posts on the railroad. Information comes through military but unofficial channels that another scouting party besides our own is out, sent from Collierville. The different brigades of the Fifth Division are notified to be ready to move at any time.

I have the honor to be, colonel, your obedient ;servant.

JAMES O. PIERCE,

Major and Assistant Adjutant-General.

MEMPHIS, September 23, 1863.

Commanding Officers on the Railroad:

Rumors of a force below, at Coldwater, threatening attack upon road.

H. BINMORE,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

LA GRANGE, September 23, 1863.

Colonel EDWARD HATCH,

Commanding Third Brigade Cavalry:

A force of the enemy reported at Coldwater. Send, if you have not already, a force of your cavalry in that direction, and try to get some reliable information of the strength and intentions of the enemy; should they be met in force retard them as much as possible. Send any important information obtained to these headquarters.

Respectfully,

T. W. SWEENY,

Brigadier-General, Commanding.

