
LA GRANGE, September 23, 1863-11 p.m.

Colonel MERSY:

Richardson crossed between Saulsbury and Pocahontas Saturday night with 400 men. He has gone to Dancyville, Medon, and Brownsville, for the purpose of conscripting. Carson, with quite a force, came up as far as Ripley to support Richardson in case he was intercepted, and has gone back to New Albany. Chalmers is near Rocky Ford.

Respectfully,

T. W. SWEENY,

Brigadier-General, Commanding.
HEADQUARTERS DISTRICT OF MEMPHIS,Memphis, Tenn., September 23, 1863.

Major D. E. COON,

Commanding Second Iowa Cavalry Volunteers:

MAJOR: Information has been received that a considerable force of rebels is at or near Coldwater, moving in the direction of La Fayette. You will immediately send out a strong reconnoitering party will report the result of the scout immediately at these headquarters.

By order of Brigadier General James C. Veatch:

JAMES O. PIERCE,

Major and Assistant Adjutant-General.

UNION CITY,

September 23, 1863.

Brigadier-General SMITH,

Commanding:

Bell and Biffle, with their force, left Paris yesterday morning, taking a southeast course toward the Tennessee River. They probably had from 500 to 800 men . The rebels about Boydsville are local guerrilla bands, small in number. In Oak Hill and vicinity, 9 miles south of Como, are some 100 of the newly enlisted and conscripted rebels.

J. K. MILLS,

Colonel, Commanding,

FORT MONROE,

September 23, 1863.

(Received 8.15 p.m.)

Honorable E. M. STANTON:

The following is extracted from the Richmond Enquirer of to-day:

ATLANTA, September 21.

A general engagement between the armies of Generals Bragg and Rosecrans commenced Saturday morning about 8 miles west of Ringgold and continued Saturday and Sunday without decisive result. Advices from the front state that the battle would be renewed this morning. The army was in fine spirits and confident of success. They are determined to respond as heroes should to the eloquent call of General Bragg.

On Saturday morning Rosecrans' forces occupied the line of Pea Vine Creek, the only water in the vicinity. To drive him from this position was the object, but the heavy artillery firing kept up during the forenoon delayed the execution of the assault. At 1 o'clock p.m. General Polk's corps and General Buckner's command from our left made a junction with General D. H. Hill's corps, forming the center, and

