
advanced to the assault. Our men made the charge through the heaviest artillery and infantry fire ever known and carried the heights around the creek, driving the enemy from all positions. The ground was literally strewn with dead Yankees. We drove the enemy 2 miles to the road leading to Chattanooga which runs parallel with Pea Vine Creek, along which Rosecrans brings his supplies. We now hold this road.

On Saturday Hood's division of General Longstreet's corps attacked the enemy's left without advancing. On Sunday the fight was renewed along the entire line, and the enemy were steadily driven back along the right and left, the entire line holding its ground at nightfall. The enemy's left is reported to have fallen back 8 miles from the positions occupied in the morning.

The fighting of both days was of the most desperate character. No reliable information of the relative losses has yet been received. The slaughter of the Yankees is reported by the wounded brought in to have been unprecedented. Our loss is large. It is reported ours is about 5,000 killed and wounded. Among the killed are Brigadier General Preston Smith, of Tennessee; Brigadier-General Wofford, of Georgia, and Brigadier-General Walthall, of Mississippi. The report of the latter's death lacks confirmation. Among the wounded are Major-General Preston, of Kentucky; Major-General Cleburne, of Arkansas; Major-General Hood, of Texas, who wounded in the breast. Two thousand prisoners and seven pieces of artillery are a heavy smoke was seen near the position of the enemy, supposed to have proceeded from the burning of commissary stores. It is supposed that the battle will be renewed this morning, with an attack by Generals Hill and Longstreet on the enemy's center.

ATLANTA. September 21-6 p.m.

The following private dispatch has just been received from General Bragg's telegraph operator:

"RINGGOLD, September 21.

"We have captured 4,000 Yankees and thirty pieces of artillery. We hold the entire battle-field, and are pursuing the enemy to-day."

The victory is complete!

"TEN MILES SOUTH OF CHATTANOOGA, VIA RINGGOLD,

"September 21.

"General S. COOPER:

"The enemy retreated on Chattanooga last night, leaving his dead and wounded in our hands. His loss is very large in men, artillery, small-arms, and colors. Ours is heavy, but not yet ascertained. The victory is complete, and our cavalry is pursuing. With the blessing of God, our troops have accomplished great results against largely superiors numbers. We have to mourn the loss of many gallant men and officers. Brigadier Generals Preston Smith, Helm, and Deshler are killed; Major-General Hood and Brigadier-Generals Adams, Gregg, and Bunn [Brown] wounded.

"BRAXTON BRAGG,

"General."

ATLANTA, September 22.

Advices from the battle-field come in scantily. Sufficient has been received to show that great success has been achieved. In the two days' fighting the main, if positions, but was greatly demoralized and forced to destroy large quantities of stores and baggage. His resistance was stubborn. The fight still goes on.

Our troops are flushed with victory and eager for the fray, with every confidence that the foe will be driven from the present stand on Mission Ridge, 6 or 8 miles from Chattanooga.

The fight yesterday was a most spirited one. Generals Longstreet and Hill attacked the enemy's center by night. After a desperate resistance the enemy were driven from their positions, with a loss of some 5,000 or 6,000 prisoners and forty-two pieces of artillery. The latest accounts from the field are to yesterday noon. The enemy had made a stand on Mission Ridge, and the battle was still raging. Our loss in general officers is very great. General Helm of Kentucky, was killed while leading a charge; Major-General Hood was mortally wounded; Major Richmond, of General Polk's staff, was killed. The battle began 3 miles west of East Chicka-

