
mauga. In the three days' fighting the enemy were driven across Pea Vine Creek and West Chickamauga, about 11 miles, to the present position. He threw up temporary breastworks at Pea Vine Creek, and has evidently been defeated on ground of his own choosing.

The following special telegram from Governor Harris to the Appeal confirms our report:

"CHICKAMAUGA, September 20-9 p.m.

"After two days' fighting we succeeded in driving the enemy form his positions. The engagement not yet decisive. The casualties are heavy on both sides. The enemy's loss is evidently much heavier than ours. General Preston Smith was killed last night at 7. 30 o'clock while leading a brigade within a few yards of the enemy's line. General John C, Brown, General Hood, General Gregg, Generals Daniel Adams and John [B. H.] Helm wounded. General Deshler killed. The Yankee General Lytle was killed. We have captured about 2,500 prisoners and about twenty-five or thirty pieces of artillery. Troops fought better than ours. They are in high spirits, and ready to meet the enemy again to-morrow.

"ISHAM G. HARRIS."

"BATTLE-FIELD,

"Chickamauga, September 21-11 a.m.

"The enemy retreated from our front under cover last night, leaving his killed and wounded on the field. Our victory is complete. We have captured a large number of small-arms. Thirty-six pieces of artillery have been brought in; twenty additional pieces reported to have been taken. About 5,000 prisoners reported taken. Our army is in fine spirits, ready and eager for a vigorous pursuit. No additional particulars to report. We met here the whole force of Rosecrans' army.

"ISHAM G. HARRIS."

Latest news: A telegram from Colonel Brent, chief of General Bragg's staff, dated Chickamauga this morning, says: "The enemy are routed. I am safe."

S. A. MEREDITH,

Brigadier-General.

WASHINGTON,

September 23, 1863-9.15 a.m.

Major-General ROSECRANS,

Chattanooga, Tenn.:

Below is Bragg's dispatch as found in the Richmond papers. You see he does not claim so many prisoners or captured guns as you were inclined to concede. He also confesses to heavy loss. An exchanged general of ours leaving Richmond yesterday says two of Longstreet's divisions and his entire artillery and two of Pickett's brigades and Wise's Legion have gone to Tennessee. He mentions no other.

CHICKAMAUGA RIVER, September 20.

(Via Ringgold, 21st.)

General COOPER,

Adjutant-General:

After two days' hard fighting we have driven the enemy, after a desperate resistance, from several positions, and now hold the field, but he still confronts us. The losses are heavy on both sides, especially in our officers. We have taken over twenty pieces of artillery and some 2,500 prisoners.

BRAXTON BRAGG.

A. LINCOLN.

CHATTANOOGA, TENN., September 23, 1863.

(Received 1.57 a.m., 24th.)

Honorable EDWIN M. STANTON,

Secretary of War:

No fight to-day. Enemy taking position.

C. A. DANA.

