
WAR DEPARTMENT,

September 23, 1863-10 p.m.

C. A. DANA.

Chattanooga:

Your telegrams of to-day received. Every nerve is being strained to strengthen General Rosecrans and his gallant army. Richmond papers, while claiming an advantage, do not boast of decisive success. They publish a large list of their general officers killed and wounded, and their temper shows that they feel as having barely escaped a fatal defeat. Bragg asserts that General Rosecrans' force was much larger than his own. If General Rosecrans holds his ground for half the time stated in your telegram, there can be no doubt that ample re-enforcements must reach him within that period.

EDWIN M. STANTON,
HEADQUARTERS DEPARTMENT OF THE CUMBERLAND,September 23, 1863-10.30 a.m.

(Received War Department 10 p.m.)

Honorable S. P. CHASE,

Secretary of the Treasury:

I answered you last night that Stanton is wounded and a prisoner. We have inflicted heavy injury on enemy, equal to what we have suffered. He no doubt outnumbers us two to one, but we can stand here ten days if help will ten arrive. If we hold this point we shall save the campaign, which will be great gain even if we lose this army. Twenty-five thousand men should be sent to Bridgeport to secure Middle Tennessee in case of disaster to us. Never been such fighting in West. Thomas and Granger stood in their tracks eight hours against whole rebel army. We took about 2,000. Battle not yet recommenced, but expected soon. Where are Sherman and Hurlbut?

J. A. GARFIELD,

SIGNAL STATION LOOKOUT MOUNTAIN,

September 23, 1863-11.15 a.m.

Captain MERRILL:

Artillery and heavy line infantry coming on our center from Rossville, and cavalry and infantry coming on our right same road.

AYERS.

SEPTEMBER 23, 1863-12 m.

Captain SEITER:

Heavy columns of enemy are seen moving in front of General Crittenden. General line of enemy same as reported last night. The following messages just received:

11 a.m.

A column of the enemy is seen east from here moving down the ridge in this direction; another line on the ridge with train of ambulances.

BERRY,

Acting Signal Officer.

