
of your main lines, so that the enemy may be seen if he attempts to attack us to-night. These fires should be lighted at 10 o'clock and kept up till morning.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

C. GODDARD,

Lieutenant-Colonel and Assistant Adjutant-General.

(Copy to Major-General Thomas, Major-General McCook, and Major-General Crittenden.)
HEADQUARTERS DEPARTMENT OF THE CUMBERLAND,Chattanooga, September 23, 1863-10.40 p.m.

Major General GEORGE H. THOMAS,

Commanding Fourteenth Army Corps:

GENERAL: The following code is established for signal by rockets from outposts: One red rocket denotes the approach of the enemy with infantry; one white rocket denotes their approach with cavalry; one red followed by one white denotes their approach with artillery. Either of the above followed by a blue or green rocket denotes that each of the above are represented.

The general commanding directs that you send a supply of these rockets to the outposts on your front immediately, under charge of a judicious and careful officer, with directions to watch the movements of the enemy with care, and if they advance in force with infantry or infantry and artillery, to give the signal as above provided. Caution them to be careful not to fire the rockets unnecessarily, but still not to delay the signal too long.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

C. GODDARD,

Lieutenant-Colonel and assistant Adjutant-General.

(Copy to Major-General McCook, Major-General Crittenden, and Major-General Granger.)

Journal of operations of the Fourteenth Army Corps.

SEPTEMBER 23, 1863.

The work on the intrenchments still progresses, with some skirmishing between the pickets. Having been informed that the enemy was massed in the woods in front of Brannan's center, I determined to shell their camps from the fort. Have been informed since that they were obliged to abandon their camps and retire to the foot of Missionary Ridge.
HEADQUARTERS FOURTEENTH ARMY CORPS,Chattanooga, September 23, 1863.

Major-General ROSECRANS,

Commanding Department of the Cumberland:

After a careful examination of my own and General McCook's lines., I regard them as very strong indeed, and if General Crittenden's

