HDQRS. SECOND DIVISION, TWENTY-FIRST ARMY CORPS,Chattanooga, Tenn., September 23, 1863.

[Captain P. P. OLDERSHAW:]

CAPTAIN: I have the honor to acknowledge the receipt of copy of the communication from department headquarters of 4.50 this p. m. in reference to strengthening the line of intrenchments on this corps front, directing it to be strengthened and suggesting the line of Major-General Thomas as affording the standard of strength. I beg that an officer be sent to direct what additions shall be made or precise instructions be given me, as I have had no opportunity of studying General Thomas' line.

In anticipation, however, of an officer or of instructions, I have ordered General Cruft to add an outer ditch 3 feet in depth to his embankment, and all the timber to be removed, and such enlargements to be made as can be made by the use of limbs, logs, &amp;c.

Respectfully,m

JOHN M. PALMER

Major-General.

[Indorsement.]
HEADQUARTERS TWENTY-FIRST ARMY CORPS,September 23, 1863.

Respectfully forwarded.

I hope an officer can be sent to-night, as requested. General Palmer will go in the morning to see General Thomas' work.

I would respectfully call the attention of the general commanding department to the fact that General Thomas is working in easy grounds, while all the ground in my front is very difficult.

T. L. CRITTENDEN,

Major-General, Commanding.
HEADQUARTERS TWENTY-FIRST ARMY CORPS,Chattanooga, September 23, 1863-11.30 p.m.

Major-General PALMER,

Commanding Second Division:

GENERAL: The general commanding directs me to send you the following extract of letter from department headquarters, dated this 10.15 p.m.:

The general commanding directs you to turn out at once every available man of your command to clear away the timber in front of your lines and construct abatis.

The general has sent a staff officer to borrow from General Thomas sufficient axes for this purpose. The number issued to you must be receipted for by your quartermaster, and returned as soon as the work is done.

I am, sir, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

P. P. OLDERSHAW,

Captain and Assistant Adjutant-General.
HEADQUARTERS TWENTY-FIRST ARMY CORPS,September 23, 1863.

Major-General PALMER,

Commanding Second Division:

The general commanding directs me to inform you that he has moved his headquarters to a white house a short distance to the

