
LOUISVILLE. August 11, 1863.

Captain CHARLES R. THOMPSON,

Aide-de-Camp;

General Burnside has left Lexington for Camp Nelson this evening.

G. W. TYLER.
HEADQUARTERS FIFTEENTH ARMY CORPS,Camp, August 12, 1863.

Major General U. S. GRANT,

Comdg. Dept.of the Tennessee, Vicksburg, Miss.:

The telegraph wire was put up to Haynes' Bluff and out on the Ridge road as far as Neely's at the time General Parke was there. I advise that it be extended 1 mile to Oak Ridge Post-Office where I have two regiments,commanded by Colonel Corse, Sixth Iowa. It may so happen that telegraphic communication with that point will be of advantage,and therefore I think it advisable.

I had several person in yesterday from as far as Brandon. Johnston has gone east, doubtless to explain matters. He still commands,and enjoys the confidence of the army and people. Hardee commands the camp at Morton. A court of inquiry is to Starke's cavalry are west of Pearl River,and have behaved so that I have forbidden any more rations being issued to people east of Black. I have also put a picket of one regiment of infantry at Amsterdam,and sent the Second wisconsin Cavalry,belonging to McPherson,with his approval,to Red Bone Church,to watch the crossings at Baldwin's, Hall's, and Hankinson's.

It is represented that Chalmers is coming south,toward Brandon,with his cavalry,burning cotton and gathering conscripts and negroes as he comes along. I suppose the enemy has established telegraphic communication between Brandon and Panola,but this will be broken by Colonel winslow's cavalry,which I suppose to be now well toward me or you direct. If he writes to you,please let me have the substance,that I may keep pace with his movements. I take it for granted he will reach Memphis before his return.

A man,residing near Bolton,who is, I think,in our interest,reports to me that he knows the enemy's cavalry,8,000 strong,are to cross Pearl River to-day,in spite of the protestation of all the people. Of course,they have no 8,000 cavalry,but doubtless they stead of checking such a tendence they will expedite it by their cavalry.

W. T. SHERMAN,

Major-General.
SPECIAL ORDERS,HDQRS, FIFTEENTH ARMY CORPS,No. 160. Camp near Black River, August 12, 1863.

I. Pursuant to orders from department headquarters,the Thirtieth Missouri Volunteer Infantry, Colonel Farrar commanding,is hereby detached from this command,and will at once move to Vicksburg,with all its equipage,sick &amp;c.,and prepare for ship-

