
[Inclosure No. 2.]
HDQRS. FIRST BRIG., FOURTH DIV., 14TH ARMY CORPS, Friar's Island, September 23, 1863-6 p.m.

Captain SINCLAIR,Assistant Adjutant-General:

All has been quiet in this vicinity to-day. Yesterday morning at 9 o'clock General Burnside's advance, under Colonel Byrd, was in Calhoun, on the Hiwassee River. My best information is that the rebels occupy Cleveland with a cavalry force 1,000 or 1,200 strong, and have some artillery with them. Inclosed I send Major Godley's report, which will give you all the information I have from that post.

I this afternoon sent Colonel Atkins with his regiment to take post at Harrison's and sent Major Godley to Soddy Shoals Ford, as directed in your order. The force occupying Cleveland is said to be that of Forrest and Scott. This information is from scouts and citizens from there.

I am, captain, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

A. O. MILLER,

Colonel, Commanding Brigade.

[Indorsement.]
HEADQUARTERS CHIEF OF CAVALRY, Island Ferry, September 23, 1863.

Respectfully forwarded.

The report of Major Godley was not inclosed, but it has been sent for.

ROBT. B. MITCHELL,Brigadier-General and Chief of Cavalry.
HEADQUARTERS DEPARTMENT OF THE CUMBERLAND, Chattanooga, September 23, 1863-8,45 p.m.

Brig. General R. B. MITCHELL,

Commanding Cavalry:

GENERAL: It is reported that the country on the north side of the river is filled with stragglers, many of them with arms. The general commanding directs you to send out cavalry patrols to gather in all these men and return them under guard to this side of the river to their regiments. He desires you to make thorough work of it and send over every man who does not belong on that side. The officer who made the report said there were 5,000 stragglers there. This was, of course, an exaggerated estimate, but the number must be large to give rise to such a statement.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

C. GODDARD,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

[Indorsement.]

Received midnight, September 23 and 24. General Crook ordered to send patrol.

