
CAMP FIFTH KENTUCKY CAVALRY, September 23, 1863.

Major W. H. SINCLAIR,

Assistant Adjutant-General:

MAJOR: I have the honor to report that my regiment is encamped at Williams' house, opposite the island of the same name. I find that the Ninth Pennsylvania Cavalry have stationed pickets at this point on the river, and patrol the banks to the infantry pickets between here and Chattanooga. The officer in charge reports all quiet here to-day. Twelve miles below here is Kelley's Ford. We are now 4 miles from Chattanooga. By going 5 or 6 miles lower I can obtain forage, &amp;c., and be able to patrol the river up to the pickets now stationed. Had I not better move down? Jasper is 20 miles from here. Kelley's Ford is the only one I can learn of this side that place.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

W. T. HOBLITZELL,

Lieutenant Colonel, Commanding Fifth Kentucky Cavalry.

I have sent a patrol down the rive.
HEADQUARTERS SECOND CAVALRY DIVISION, Island Ferry, September 23, 1863-6,20 p.m.

Major WILLIAM H. SINCLAIR,Assistant Adjutant-General:

MAJOR: This evening I saw troops passing along Missionary Ridge. Whether they stopped in front of our troops at Chattanooga or not I could not tell; and also saw their wagon train going back in the direction of Crawfish Spring.

When over the river to-day, General Rosecrans asked what disposition had been made at the ford, 4 miles above? I told him Colonel Wilder was there with a sufficient force to guard it, I supposed. He expressed a good deal of anxiety about that point, and wanted the general to prevent their crossing the river at all hazards, and to hold all his force in readiness to effect this if necessary. My scouting parties sent out this evening in different directions for forage have not returned. Some of our private foraging parties have returned, and they report that they had to go some 10 miles for it. These parties went up the river.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

GEORGE CROOK,

Brigadier-General, Commanding.

[Indorsement.]
HEADQUARTERS CHIEF OF CAVALRY, Island Ferry, September 23, 1863.

Respectfully forwarded to department headquarters for General Rosecrans' information.

I have sent to the ford, in addition to the force of Colonel Wilder's brigade stationed there, one regiment and a section of Stokes' battery.

ROBT. B. MITCHELL,Brigadier-General, Commanding.

