HDQRS. FIRST BRIG., FOURTH DIV., 23rd ARMY CORPS, Calhoun, Tenn., September 23, 1863.

C. GODDARD,Assistant Adjutant-General:

I have the honor to inform you that by information from Major-General Burnside I am to remain in my present position until further orders from him. He has all he can do to hold East Tennessee from being overrun by the enemy, and cannot give you any assistance, although I have often requested permission to join you. He says it will be some weeks before he can be in such a position as to render you any assistance. Meade, he says, is not making any move toward giving assistance to the West; consequently it is impracticable for him to send me now and save East Tennessee.

Hoping that all will go with you, and that you may succeed without my assistance, I remain,

Respectfully, &amp;c.,

R. K. BYRD,

Colonel, Commanding.

LOUISVILLE, September 23, 1863. [Received 12.30 p.m.]

Honorable E. M. STANTON:

General Burnside ordered the construction of military railroad from Lebanon and Nicholasville to Somerset, and ordered all quartermasters and commissaries to furnish subsistence, implements, and other supplies. He ordered me to impress 8,000 negroes and ordered quartermasters to pay employees. General Meigs informs me that all this is illegal, and expenditures will not be approved and paid. I don't wish to act under orders not lawful, and trust, as matter of justice to General Burnside and myself, that the whole will be stopped if the highest authorities do not approve it. In the absence of General Burnside I trust this communication will be excused, and that I may receive orders before further expense and wrong is done. Please answer.

J. T. BOYLE,

Brigadier-General.
SPECIAL ORDERS, HDQRS. DEPT. OF THE TENNESSEE,Numbers 262. Vicksburg, Miss., September 24, 1863.

*			*		*		*		*		*		*

XIV. Colonel M. R. M. Wallace, Fourth Illinois Cavalry, will proceed at once with his command, consisting of two battalions of Fourth Illinois Cavalry, Eleventh Regiment Illinois [Cavalry], and Fourth Regiment Missouri Cavalry Volunteers, to headquarters Fifteenth Army Corps, Big Black River, and report there to Major General W. T. Sherman, commanding, for orders.

*		*		*		*		*		*		*

By order of Major General U. S. Grant:

JNumbers A. RAWLINS,

Brigadier-General and Acting Assistant Adjutant-General.

