
CORINTH, September 24, 1863.

Major-General HURLBUT:

The following dispatch just received from Colonel Spencer:

Colonel Forrest with his regiment and six companies at the main ford of Bear Creek. Roddey with remainder of his force at Courtland and Somerville.

E. A. CARR,

Brigadier-General, Commanding.

CORINTH, September 24, 1863.

Colonel H. BINMORE,

Assistant Adjutant-General:

I have ordered out reconnoitering parties south from La Grange, La Fayette, Collierville, and Germantown.

General Sweeny telegraphs that Richardson with 400 men crossed the railroad near Saulsbury on Sunday last. Very doubtful news from Pontotoc is that a large part of the force in that neighborhood has gone south. I wish to go to Pocahontas this afternoon to consolidate those regiments, and from there to Memphis to-morrow, if there is no objection.

E. A. CARR,

Brigadier-General.

WAR DEPARTMENT, September 24, 1863-9,55 a.m.

Mrs. A. LINCOLN,

Fifth Avenue Hotel, New York:

We now have a tolerably accurate summing up of the late battle between Rosecrans and Bragg. The result is that we are worsted, if at all, only in the fact that we, after the main fighting was over, yielded the ground, thus leaving considerable of our artillery and wounded to fall into the enemy's hands, for which we got nothing in turn. We lost in general officers 1 killed and 3 or 4 wounded, all brigadiers, while, according to the rebel accounts which we have, they lost 6 killed and 8 wounded. Of the killed, 1 major-general and 5 brigadiers, including your brother-in-law, Helm; and of the wounded, 3 major-generals and 5 brigadiers. This list may be reduced 2 in number by corrections of confusion in names. At 11,40 a.m. yesterday General Rosecrans telegraphed from Chattanooga: "We hold this point, and I cannot be dislodged except by very superior numbers and after a great battle." A dispatch leaving there after night yesterday says: "No fight to-day."

A. LINCOLN.

WAR DEPARTMENT, September 24, 1863-10 a.m.

Major-General ROSECRANS,

Chattanooga, Tenn.:

Last night we received the rebel accounts, through Richmond papers, of your late battle. They give Major-General Hood as mortally wounded and Brigadiers Preston Smith, Wofford, Wal-

