
six or eight regiments of infantry took up position about the forks of the road near base of Lookout Mountain, and farther back at first white house on the road to Rossville. All these troops were in range of our batteries near burnt bridge and across the river, near the rapids.

Farther along our line to the left and up to the road to Rossville there was some cavalry, but chiefly infantry; apparently not very heavy force. No artillery seen there yesterday, but I think it is in the timber. The heaviest body of artillery went some farther to the left and disappeared in timber.

The infantry came through Rossville Gap from near the battle-field, and by way of Chickamauga Station, crossing the Mission Ridge east-northeast from Lookout Point. The main body of this infantry passed to the left of Rossville road, some going into camp immediately at the foot of Mission Ridge, out of range of our guns I think. On our extreme left I could see no enemy. From Rossville road to our extreme right I think the enemy are in range of our guns. On our left they are concealed by timber almost entirely nearest our lines.

What facilities the enemy may have to the left of Rossville road for obtaining water I could not ascertain, but on the right of Rossville road there is a stream of water, to which I saw them take their artillery horses to water them.

I think general headquarters is on Mission Ridge, about east-northeast from Lookout Point. A headquarters of cavalry on right of road from base of Lookout Mountain to Rossville; I think it is General Wheeler's as the cavalry there correspond with those of his command-new rifles and no sabers. They dismount when fighting. There appears to be a large proportion of cavalry or mounted infantry.

I think there was a large body beyond Rossville Gap; moved like infantry.

I am, sir, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

SAML. BACHTELL,

Lieutenant and Acting Signal Officer.

FORT, GENERAL WOOD'S DIVISION, September 24, 1863-1,30 p.m.

Captain MERRILL:

Nine ambulances have gone east up the hill to Missionary Ridge. A battery is planted south of east of here this side of the ridge. Guns in the edge of the timber. The horses are feeding.

HOAG.
HEADQUARTERS SIGNAL CORPS, September 24, 1863-3 p.m.

Captain MERRILL:

See from 50 to 65 degrees southeast smoke rising from woods on side of Missionary Ridge. On crest of same three houses, about which are squads of cavalry and infantry and one or two wagons. Perhaps they are headquarters of division encamped in woods on side of ridge.

HOPKINS,Lieutenant and Acting Signal Officers.

