
SEPTEMBER 24, 1863-10.15 p.m.

Captain MERRILL:

One white rocket has just been sent up in front of General Crittenden's. It appeared to be either in or near our lines.

QUINTON,

Lieutenant and Acting Signal Officer.

Journal of operations of the Fourteenth Army Corps.

SEPTEMBER 24, 1863.

Turchin's brigade, of Reynolds' division, was sent out on a reconnaissance to examine the woods in front of Brannan's position.

They were soon met beyond our picket line by a large force of the enemy, and returned without any serious encounter. About 10 p.m. the enemy, in force, drove in our pickets, but were soon forced to retire by our artillery fire from the fort and from various positions along the line. Nine prisoners were taken, who report that two divisions, supporting two brigades, made a reconnaissance under the supposition that we were evacuating the place. The pickets resumed their positions, and all remained quiet during the night.
HEADQUARTERS DEPARTMENT OF THE CUMBERLAND, Chattanooga, September 24, 1863.

Statement of Henry Martin, colored man: I left the rebel lines about one hour ago. I was after corn for my horses when your men captured me. General Forrest's men are cooking rations to go to Middle Tennessee. I heard the old general say so himself. He [Forrest] said that he was going to cut off the supplies. Forrest's command was near Ringgold. Forrest has two brigades [Armstrong's and Dibrell's], ten regiments, 200 to 300 men in each regiment. Some of the men are about starving; others have plenty. Forrest has two batteries. The killed and wounded amounted to 6,000 or 7,000, so General Dibrell said. I heard on Sunday evening that we had captured 11,000. I heard since that it was only 2,200. Some of the men have gone to Mobile. They went day before yesterday. It was reported 10,000 had gone. I saw them marching. It is reported that Bragg has 100,000 men. They say they have nothing to brag of. They say they intend to move you out of here. Some of the men are barefooted. None of the Virginia troops have gone back.
HEADQUARTERS DEPARTMENT OF THE CUMBERLAND, Chattanooga, September 24, 1863.

Major-General THOMAS,Commanding Fourteenth Army Corps:

The general commanding wishes to know the cause of the firing. Respectfully,

R. S. THOMS,

Captain and Aide-de-Camp.

