
his cavalry to the rear in order to procure forage, and that you make an infantry reconnaissance for the purpose suggested. He has directed General McCook to make a reconnaissance in force along the valley of Chattanooga Creek, General Crittenden a similar one toward Harrison, and wishes you to reconnoiter as far to your front, and with such force as you may deem best, to ascertain what the enemy is doing.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

J. A. GARFIELD,

Brigadier-General and Chief of Staff.
HEADQUARTERS DEPARTMENT OF THE CUMBERLAND, Chattanooga, September 24, 1863.

Major-General THOMAS,Commanding Fourteenth Army Corps:

The general commanding directs that you extend your picket lines and intrench them to-night.

Respectfully, your obedient servant,

R. S. THOMS,

Captain and Aide-de-Camp.
HDQRS. FIRST DIVISION, FOURTEENTH ARMY CORPS, Chattanooga, September 24, 1863.

Brigadier-General GARFIELD,Chief of Staff, Dept. of the Cumberland

[Through Major-General Thomas, Commanding Fourteenth Army Corps]:

GENERAL: Upon the evening of the 21st instant, after I had posted my command as directed by General Thomas, covering a gorge on the left of General Negley - the only point so far as I know assailable by the enemy, and I believe the only one he did assail-while under fire and just as 5 of my men were brought back either killed or wounded, Major-General Rousseau appeared on my lines and showed me an order from department headquarters, directing him to take command of the division. It seemed to me that the time was not one when personal feelings should be permitted to influence my action, and I simply remarked to General Rousseau that I had during the recent battles done all that I could for the success of our arms and had managed the division to the best of my ability, but that being thus thrown out of employment, if he would permit me, I would be glad to remain with him and render him any assistance I could. He expressed a desire to have me do so, and I have since remained at his headquarters, aiding that night to cover the retreat of our forces and since to establish them here. Three days have elapsed since that time, during which an attack by the enemy seemed imminent. But the crisis appears now to have passed so far as to permit me to take some steps for the vindication, in the eyes of my friends and of the army, of my reputation.

You will remember that I was placed in command of this division not at my request, but to make place in the Reserve Corps for my

