
threw quite a large number of shells to-day into the ground occupied by my three divisions, but fortunately did no damage whatever. The enemy's guns are 10-pounder Parrotts.

Respectfully,

A. McD. McCOOK,

Major-General, Commanding.
HEADQUARTERS DEPARTMENT OF THE CUMBERLAND, Chattanooga, September 24, 1863-10.20 p.m.

Major-General McCOOK:

The general commanding directs me to instruct you to cause an abatis to be constructed at once upon your right flank. He also directs that openings be left in your inner line of works through which to pass your artillery when withdrawn from the outer line. Bushes should be placed in front of your inner line, so that the enemy may not be able to discover what kind of works you are constructing. The general commanding thinks General Sheridan ought to be able to drive away the rebels reported to be reconstructing the bridge by a bayonet charge.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,C. GODDARD,

Lieutenant-Colonel and Assistant Adjutant-General.
HEADQUARTERS TWENTIETH ARMY CORPS, September 24, 1863-10.30 p.m.

Brigadier General J. A. GARFIELD,

Chief of Staff:

GENERAL: Upon further examination, General Sheridan states that he is not inclined to believe the report about the enemy's constructing a bridge over Chattanooga Creek. A party has been sent down to reconnoiter the neighborhood, with instructions to assault the working party of the enemy if there. All quiet in my front.

A. McD. McCOOK,

Major-General, Commanding.
HDQRS. FIRST DIVISION, TWENTIETH ARMY CORPS, Near Chattanooga, September 24, 1863.

Colonel POST,Commanding First Brigade:

COLONEL: Colonel Berry, on your right, will immediately throw forward beyond the creek three companies, to advance as skirmishers, with a view to feel the position of the enemy. General Davis directs that you also throw forward three companies for this purpose, to co-operate with Colonel Berry in this movement.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

T. W. MORRISON,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

