
If the ferry-boat can possibly be sent down the river to-night, had we not better send it?

Please let me hear from you on all these points as soon as possible.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

THOS. E. CHAMPION,

Colonel, Commanding.

[Inclosure B.]
HEADQUARTERS DETACHMENT FIRST BRIGADE, FIRST DIVISION, RESERVE CORPS, September 24, 1863.

Lieutenant J. R. BOONE,Assistant Adjutant-General:

SIR: The enemy are busily engaged chopping on the east slope of Lookout Mountain and in moving artillery up the road. They are evidently massing their artillery on that face of the mountain. They are also in possession of Lookout Valley, and have a large number of teams and wagons there, and I think artillery. I am of the opinion they are planting a battery on the knoll west of Lookout Creek, so as to command the present position of our artillery protecting the ferry. It is all important that we have the picks, spades, and axes, and a pioneer force, if possible.

Very respectfully, &amp;c.,

THOS. E. CHAMPION,

Colonel, Commanding.

P. S.-Can you send me more artillery? We must have more artillery or we cannot compete with them.

T. E. C.

[Inclosure C.]

SEPTEMBER 24, 1863.

Colonel CHAMPION,

Ninety-sixth Illinois Regiment:

SIR: I have the honor to make the following report:

This evening the enemy opened upon our guns bearing upon Lookout Mountain, with some 24-pounder rifled pieces stationed in the redoubts on the side of the mountain. The cannonade lasted about twenty minutes, it being evidently intended by them to ascertain our position and also the range and effect of their guns. These guns were served with such precision and accuracy, and the range was proven so well [being tried at long distance on the batteries on the other side of the river], as to leave no doubt of their ability to destroy any artillery that we might bring against them with ease and in a very short time. We have been forced to partly leave our position on this account. Since dark they have been very busily engaged in chopping trees, and as there has been a great amount of artillery taken up the side of the mountain this evening, and lights constantly moving to and for, there is no doubt but that they are massing artillery upon the mountain, which will give them the power to not only silence what artillery force we may have, but also drive back the infantry, and thus enable them to cross and take actual possession of the whole ridge on this side of the river which they now command with their artillery.

