
Second Brigade, Colonel L. F. McCrillis, Third Illinois Cavalry, commanding, headquarters La Grange, Tenn.: Third Illinois, Ninth Illinois, Eleventh Illinois, First West Tennessee, Second West Tennessee.

The Brigade, Colonel Edward Hatch, Second Iowa Cavalry, commanding, headquarters Geremantown, Tenn.: Second Iowa, Fourth Illinois, Sixth Illinois, Seventh Illinois, Third U. S. Battalion.

The Fifteenth Kentucky, Fourth Missouri, and battalion Second Illinois will remain as they now are until further orders.

Immediately upon the receipt of this order, the different regimental commanders will report with their commands for duty to the brigade commanders to whom they are assigned.

Commanders of brigades and detachments are particularly enjoined to be prompt in the transmittal of their tri-monthly and monthly returns to these headquarters.

The surgeons, quartermasters, and inspectors of the several brigades and detachments will send their reports promptly to the chiefs of their several departments at these headquarters.

By order of Brigadier General B. H. Grierson:

S. L. WOODWARD,

Acting Assistant Adjutant-General.

CORINTH, August 20, 1863.

Major General S. A. HURLBUT,

Commanding Sixteenth Army Corps:

GENERAL: I have the honor to acknowledge receipt of Special Orders, Numbers 39, headquarters Cavalry Division, Sixteenth Army Corps. I have issued orders form the immediate execution of the orders, but respectfully request that if possible the order referred to may be countermanded. The removal of one brigade of infantry and the execution of this order so materially weakens the garrison at this place as to prompt me to prefer this request.

I am, sir, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

August MERSY,

Colonel, Commanding.

WAR DEPARTMENT,

Washington, August 20, 1863-3 p.m.

Major-General ROSECRANS, Army of the Cumberland:

It has been reported for some days that some portion of Bragg's army has been sent to Richmond to re-enforce Lee. It is important that the truth of this report be ascertained as early as possible.

H. W. HALLECK,

General-in-Chief.

STEVENSON, ALA., August 20, 1863-8.50 p.m.

(Received 10.15 p.m.)

Major General H. W. HALLECK, General-in-Chief:

Reports of deserters and others are against the supposition that any troops have gone to Richmond. Cleburne's and Stewart's division are the only ones that could have gone, and they are reported at Atlanta.

W. S. ROSECRANS,

Major-General.

