
In case it is considered necessary to hold this ridge, I think it can only be done by sending an additional number of rifled cannon of long range there, to be defended by such fortifications as can be hurriedly thrown up. There are or may be made positions for three more batteries. At all events it will require some more artillery, well supported by infantry, in order to hold this ridge, which is really the key to Chattanooga. It will also require at least 100 men, with spades, picks, and axes, to fortify these places so as to make them tenable.

The works if begun may be completed possibly by the time the fog rises to-morrow morning. I would also report that there are no tools whatever in this command.

Unless the position is strengthened immediately in the manner I have suggested, I think it will be impossible to hold the place tomorrow.

Respectfully submitted.

WM. H. COX,

First Lieutenant Tenth Indiana Battery.
HEADQUARTERS FIRST BRIGADE, FIRST DIVISION, September 24, 1863.

Colonel C. GODDARD,Assistant Adjutant-General:

We have the boat back again on our side. Our fire was so heavy that the rebels left her, with their arms and baggage in her. they let the first boat pass, and she is at the ford. The last one in passing they fired on as detailed in my first note. They deceived our men, being dressed in our clothing. They looked so like our soldiers that our men did not fire on them until they fired on us. I think they are making serious preparations to pass here, but it is [guaranteed] if they do pass it shall be by the skin of their teeth. I must have twenty spades to dig rifle-pits. Fords are untenable on this side without them.

W. C. WHITAKER,

Brigadier-General, Comdg. North Side from Chattanooga.

When the rebels were driven from the boat, they retreated along the railroad with the cars, which are filled with women.

STEVENSON, September 24, 1863.

Lieutenant-Colonel GODDARD,

Assistant Adjutant-General:

Can the general countermand the order forbidding soldiers coming to the front? Several hundred are here desirous of joining their commands. Some 1,300 prisoners arrived here last evening, and are being paroled to-day; their guard is ordered to return. Some 500 of our wounded arrived by wagon train this morning; are being cared for. The river thoroughly patrolled; no signs of the enemy. Ordnance officer at Murfreesborough ordered to forward arms to Bridgeport, as ordered in dispatch of yesterday.

JAS. D. MORGAN,

Brigadier-General.

