
the circumstances, could not be had. Quite a large number of the men reported for duty are hardly so, but which a little rest and medical attendance will soon remedy. The arms are in serviceable condition, and the command is fully supplied with ammunition. The command is very much in need of clothing, especially boots.

Very respectfully, your, &amp;c.

CHRIS. BECK,

Captain, and Inspector, Second Brigade.
HEADQUARTERS FIFTH KENTUCKY CAVALRY, Camp at Williams' House, September 24, 1863.

Major W. H. SINCLAIR,Assistant Adjutant-General:

MAJOR: The patrol I sent down the river proceeded some 5 miles. They heard nothing of the enemy, nor could they find any forage, although I had written you, from information I had received here, that it could be had. There is corn here, but on the opposite side of the river; but I can get it by means of a skiff. Everything is quiet here. Shall I remain or move down? Nine miles from here, down the river, I can get forage.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

W. T. HOBLITZELL,

Lieutenant-Colonel Fifth Kentucky Cavalry.
HEADQUARTERS FIFTH KENTUCKY CAVALRY, Camp on Bank of River, September 24, 1863.

[Major W. H. SINCLAIR,Assistant Adjutant-General:]

MAJOR: In obedience to orders from your headquarters, I moved down the river some 7 miles from where I first encamped. My regiment is encamped on the river bank, about half a mile from Mr. Ritchie's house. There is not room enough anywhere along the river to encamp my regiment, and I have placed a portion under Major Cheek, about a mile nearer Chattanooga. It is also on the river bank. A patrol sent to Kelley's Ferry has just returned. No enemy or traces of any could be seen or heard of. It was sent on a road that follows the river, and cannot be traveled by any wagon. They met no patrols from Jasper, nor could they hear of any having ever been on the road. The courier line crosses the mountain about one-fourth of a mile back of this camp, and I expect that the patrols take that road. Kelley's Ferry is perfectly open; not a man was to be seen at it. The boat, or what there is left of it, is on the opposite side. The ferry is about 7 miles from Jasper.

I am, major, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

WM. T. HOBLITZELL,

Lieutenant-Colonel, Comdg. Fifth Kentucky Cavalry.

HEADQUARTERS THIRD BRIGADE, Lookout Mountain, September 24, 1863.

Major-General ROSECRANS:

The enemy has and is now placing two batteries that will rake our retreat if left or delayed until daylight. They can all be moved

