HEADQUARTERS DEPARTMENT OF THE CUMBERLAND,Stevenson, August 20, 1863.

Colonel WILLIAM P. INNES,

Military Superintendent of Railroads, Nashville, Tenn.:

COLONEL: Your communication of 18th instant is at hand. The general commanding directs me to inform you that in addition to the 80 cars already contracted for, and the 20 which were to be purchased of the Adams Express Company, Captain Parsons, assistant quartermaster at Saint Louis, has been telegraphed to send a number of 5-foot-gauge cars, now held by him at Michigan City, to Louisville immediately. The number ha has to send we do not yet know. There are also some cars, box and platform, on the Memphis road, near Cumberland City, which Colonel Bruce, at Clarksville, has been directed to secure and bring to the river. Colonel Hodges will provide means to transport them to Nashville.

The general directs you, in view of our prospective wants, to ascertain where you can procure 5 additional locomotives, and at what price they can be purchased, and advise him of the results of your inquiries.

The contract with the Adams Express Company cannot be annulled without notice of sixty days. The general directs you to give them the required notice immediately.

I am, sir, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

C. GODDARD,

Lieutenant-Colonel and Assistant Adjutant-General.
HEADQUARTERS DEPARTMENT OF THE CUMBERLAND,Stevenson, August 20, 1863.

Major General GEORGE H. THOMAS,

Commanding Fourteenth Army Corps:

GENERAL: The general commanding directs you to instruct General Reynolds to reconnoiter the river opposite Shellmound, with a view to establishing batteries on this side of the river to command the railroad at that point, and thus prevent the running of trains. He is informed that the railroad at that point runs under the rocks on the bank of the river, and that they could not pass if we could establish a battery opposite to command the road. If he finds it practicable, direct him to send a brigade and a battery to the river for that purpose, and in any event to report the result of his reconnaissance. The general further desires General Reynolds to cover the mouth of Battle Creek, that we may make it a crossing-point should we so desire.

I am, sir, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

C. GODDARD,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

CAMP NEAR CATCHALL'S FORD, BATTLE CREEK,

August 20, 1863.

Major-General THOMAS:

GENERAL: Find road good from University, via Sweeden's Cove, to mouth of Battle Creek and to Jasper. Fords across Battle Creek

