
yet standing; they are cribs filled with stone. If we should have a rain it would bother us. I have examined Lewis' Ford; it is good. I have not yet decided whether it is not the best place to make the bridge, and then bridge the Little Sequatchie. A bridge is needed immediately at Battle Creek.

This cut-off is only a path. I have strong hopes of it. If I can get a road through, it is 13 miles shorter than the river road, and 2 miles shorter than Haley trace.

There is a railroad nearly graded from Bridgeport to Jasper, 12 miles. The only cut and fill to make can be finished in a few days. Timber is out for one of the bridges and the others are short and low; iron could be taken off the Fayetteville or some other branch, and the thing put going on the double-quick. Lots of timber along route. I shall make a report in full on my return. I will bring Mr. Kelley in with me; he is very intelligent and an old road builder. He can be hired and will prove very valuable. He has been an engineer on several of the railroads and had charge of the branch to Jasper.

Very respectfully,

DUCAT,

Inspector-General.

CRANE'S HILL, September 25, 1863-2.30 p.m.

Captain MERRILL:

I have but one station to report. It is south 30 degrees west, distance about 4 miles.

JONES,

Acting Signal Officer.

SIGNAL STATION, FIRST DIVISION, 14TH ARMY CORPS, September 25, 1863-3.20 p.m.

Captain MERRILL:

Two wall-tents have been put up near Blackford's farm, on Missionary Ridge. Looks like somebody's headquarters. Since noon I observe many camp-fires at the foot of the ridge and in front of the tents.

KLOKKE.

CRANE'S HILL, September 25, 1863-3.45 p.m.

Captain SEITER:

This point is north 85 degrees west of mouth of Chickamauga, distance about 2 miles. By cutting some timber our line of defense can be seen.

JONES,

Acting Signal Officer.

HEADQUARTERS SIGNAL CORPS, September 25, 1863-7 p.m.

Captain SEITER:

A large column of dust was seen late this p.m. east of this point, distant about 8 miles. It was moving slowly southward east of

