
Black Jack, apparently along Ooltewah Creek. To-night there is heavy smoke coming from beyond Black Jack and north end of Mission Ridge, indicating camp and troops extending along the valley 4 or 5 miles. All quiet up the river.

JONES.

The station from which this report is made is about 4 miles north 30 [degrees] east from our station west of town.

MERRILL.

SIGNAL STATION ACROSS THE RIVER, September 25, 1863. [Received 7.35 p.m.]

Captain MERRILL:

The enemy display an unusually large number of camp-fires tonight. They cover the face of Missionary Ridge. I can see more clearly than I have done before.

FITCH.
HEADQUARTERS FOURTEENTH ARMY CORPS, Chattanooga, September 25, 1863-12.30 a.m.

Major-General ROSECRANS,Commanding Department:

All quiet along our lines. The enemy have retired, and our pickets resumed their former position.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

GEO. H. THOMAS,

Major-General, U. S. Volunteers, Commanding.
HEADQUARTERS FOURTEENTH ARMY CORPS, Chattanooga, September 25, 1863.

Brigadier-General GARFIELD,Chief of Staff:

I have the honor to report that a reconnaissance from my corps was sent out yesterday afternoon for the purpose of ascertaining the position and strength of the enemy in our immediate front. General Turchin, commanding Third Brigade, Fourth Division, came upon the enemy's skirmishers at or near the burnt house to the left of Negley's front, driving in their skirmishers to the woods in front. Discovering the enemy advancing in two columns to the support of their pickets, and too strong for his force, he retired his command. His loss was 2 killed, 12 wounded, and 1 missing.

After nightfall the enemy's cavalry made an attack on our front with considerable force, but were handsomely repulsed. I have ascertained to-day from prisoners captured by General Brannan that two divisions were advanced to the support of a strong picket for the purpose of reconnoitering our position, and find out whether we had evacuated the place or not. The cavalry advance when they

