
good at Catchall's and King's. The camping ground at present place not good; better point for a camping ground at Jasper; plenty of good water, and the position equally defensible. Bridge on Chattanooga road from Jasper destroyed; I refer to that crossing the Sequatchie River on main east road. There is a good ford across said river at Kelley's Mill, 1 1/2 miles below main road. The roads across Walden's Ridge, from Tracy City and Altamont, not good; the late rains have washed them badly.

The enemy, 500 strong (cavalry), have been in camp at or near the Narrows, a point where the main Chattanooga road from Jasper intersects the river 8 miles from Jasper. They retired yesterday in the direction of Chattanooga, having pressed three wagons from the citizens. The road is good (so informed) from Jasper to Dunlap; not good from Dunlap to Chattanooga. The enemy are picketing the various shoals and ferries on river from Bridgeport to Harrison; this is positive information. They have a pontoon in position at Kelley's Ford, 8 miles from Chattanooga.

The mountains here and hereabouts are infested with guerrillas and bushwhackers. A certain Mayo, with 8 men, was seen yesterday going in the direction of the mouth of Battle Creek; he is a bushwhacker; our men are after him.

The enemy's artillery is still at Chattanooga; their artillery horses are in pasture some distance in the rear; they are in want of forage; they are getting their supplies from East Tennessee. I am informed by the people that Bragg will not stand at Chattanooga; he will go to Atlanta, Ga. That is their main depot of supplies. The road thence to Tracy City, via the Gizzard Creek, will want considerable repairs ere it can be made a good road. If the troops remain in this position you would be able to supply them via University and Sweeden's Cove with less breakage. The roads are good from thence to Bridgeport. I have not heard that the enemy have any artillery on opposite side between Bridgeport and Shellmound. The Narrows are easily held by enemy by planting artillery on opposite high land. The pass intervening this point and Bridgeport is also easily held by enemy.

Your obedient servant,

WM. B. GAW,

Captain and Chief Topo. Engineer, Fourteenth Army Corps.

[Indorsement.]

Major-General Reynolds has received orders in regard to erecting battery, &amp;c., and will put them into execution immediately.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

GEO. H. THOMAS,

Major-General, U. S. Volunteers, Commanding.

STEVENSON, August 20, 1863.

Major-General NEGLEY,

Near Anderson Station:

A train of 16 flat cars, containing pontoons, &c., is on a switch 6 miles from Stevenson, near your command. Have the pontoons carefully unloaded at once, with the accompanying bridge equipage and guards stationed over them; then send the cars immediately

