
ments now being constructed. General Davis' left will rest on the right of the troops nearest the - [?]. Sheridan's right will rest near the river.

Each general of division will at once take all possible means of strengthening his immediate front, selecting the proper positions for artillery, &amp;c.

The movement of the troops in compliance with these instructions will take place at 4 a.m. this morning.

A. McD. McCOOK,

Major-General, Commanding.

[Sent to division commanders.]
HEADQUARTERS TWENTIETH CORPS, September 25, 1863-6.30 a.m.

Brigadier-General GARFIELD,Chief of Staff:

GENERAL: I have been on my lines all night. Have just returned from my advanced posts. The enemy were heard to move artillery from our right toward the left between 1 and 3 a.m., also moving artillery up or down the mountain. Nothing can be seen of the enemy at any point, save at the signal station on top of Lookout. I am of the opinion that they have retired. Moving of wagons can now be heard in the distance in front of Johnson's advance pickets. I have ordered Colonel Conrad to feel the mountain and will have a report in a short time.

My troops are now on the interior line.

Respectfully, &c.,

A. McD. McCOOK,

Major-General.
HEADQUARTERS DEPARTMENT OF THE CUMBERLAND, Chattanooga, Tenn., September 25, 1863.

Major-General McCOOK:

Your communication in regard to sending your supply train to Bridgeport or Stevenson is received. The general commanding directs you to send your empty trains back by the way of the Haley road, and if they can, return by way of Therman. Send 100 men, with tools, to act as escort and also to repair the Haley road, so that empty wagons can pass over it well. Report as soon as practicable the number of your wagons that can go and the time they will start.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,J. A. GARFIELD,

Brigadier-General and Chief of Staff.
HEADQUARTERS TWENTY-FIRST ARMY CORPS, September 25, 1863-12.15 a.m.

Brigadier-General GARFIELD,

Chief of Staff:

SIR: I have the honor to report that General Hazen's report of his reconnaissance was forwarded to department headquarters at 8 p.m.

