
at which point our division halted during the afternoon [6th instant], to be entirely open, capable of being attacked on all sides simultaneously, and hence a dangerous and injudicious position for an inferior force in numbers to receive an attack from a superior force in numbers.

Second, all the information we received during the afternoon and early evening of Sunday, the 6th instant, went to show that we were in the immediate proximity of a large force, and that we were liable to be attacked the following morning, at a great disadvantage to ourselves.

Third, I do believe it was proper and judicious, under the existing circumstances, to take up a new position that night, 1 1/2 miles to the rear, which could be more easily defended.

Fourth, I do not believe the change of position interfered with the object to be gained, viz, a reconnaissance into Lookout Valley, but, to the contrary, we gained a stronger position from which to act.

Fifth, believing, as we did, that the enemy was not evacuating, and that he might assail Colonel Harker in force, I think it was just and proper to put my brigade in position as a reserve, during the reconnaissance made by Colonel Harker the next morning, as it was a much stronger position than any between there and the point of the mountain; and, furthermore, I think Harker's battery and my brigade were put in position and the reconnaissance was made as early on the morning of the 7th instant as was possible with safety.

Sixth, I believe everything was accomplished by the reconnaissance that could have been had it been made earlier in the morning.

I am, very respectfully,

GEO. P. BUELL,

Colonel, Commanding First Brigade.
HEADQUARTERS TWENTY-FIRST ARMY CORPS, Chattanooga, September 25, 1863.

Major-General PALMER,Commanding Second Division:

SIR: The general commanding directs me to inform you that it has been reported to the general commanding the army that several shots fired from the lunette occupied by Colonel Grose's brigade fell in rear of our own men whilst making the reconnaissance yesterday under General Hazen. A similar report has also been made by an officer of General Van Cleve's staff, who says that he saw "shot after shot" fall in the rear of our troops whilst advancing. The general commanding directs that you investigate this matter and report without delay.

I am, sir, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

P. P. OLDERSHAW,

Captain and Assistant Adjutant-General.

[First indorsement.]

Respectfully referred to Brigadier-General Hazen, for the facts and his report.

J. M. PALMER,

Major-General.

