
[Second indorsement.]
HDQRS. SECOND BRIG., SECOND DIV., 21ST ARMY CORPS, September 25, 1863.

When advancing yesterday several shots fell in rear of my left prolonged, but not in rear of the troops. One shot burst high in the air in my rear, the fragments passing over me. Just as I commenced to retire one fell and burst among my skirmishers, then in my rear. This occurred from my moving by a left flank unobserved by the battery, when far to the front. Nearly all the shots fell short of their aim.

W. B. HAZEN.

[Third indorsement.]

Respectfully returned to corps headquarters.

Most of the firing on yesterday afternoon was well done and in general directions furnished by me. I sent an aide-de-camp to the field to mark General Hazen's left that he might not be injured, and upon his report most of the firing was done. No one was injured and that is an answer to all guesses about firing.

J. M. PALMER.

[Fourth indorsement.]
HEADQUARTERS TWENTY-FIRST ARMY CORPS, Chattanooga, September 25, 1863-6.45 p.m.

Respectfully forwarded.

T. L. CRITTENDEN,Major-General, Commanding.

HEADQUARTERS TWENTY-FIRST ARMY CORPS, Chattanooga, September 25, 1863.

Major-General PALMER,

Comdg. Second Division:

GENERAL: The general commanding was pained when he learned this morning from the general commanding the army that soon after the picket firing commenced last evening there were many men seen to break to the rear, some reaching the city and secreting themselves. Such men, although receiving the pay and emoluments of United States soldiers, are not soldiers. This skulking and retreating at the sound of the enemy's guns will hereafter be severely punished.

Division commanders will issue such orders and enforce such regulations as will at least arrest the individual guilty of such misdemeanor, and hold brigade commanders responsible for the detection and prevention of this great evil.

By command of Major-General Crittenden:

P. P. OLDERSHAW,

Captain and Assistant-General.

HDQRS. SECOND DIVISION, TWENTY-FIRST ARMY CORPS, Chattanooga, September 25, 1863.

Captain P. P. OLDERSHAW,

A. A. G., Twenty-first Army Corps:

CAPTAIN: I have the honor to submit the following report of the occurrences of last night in front of this division:

At about 15 minutes before 10 o'clock p.m., a brisk skirmish be-

