
SEVELY SPRINGS, NEAR CHATTANOOGA, TENN., September 25, 1863.

Colonel A. P. CAMPBELL,

Commanding First Brigade:

The colonel commanding directs that you have your command in readiness to march immediately.

I am, colonel, your very obedient servant,

JNumbers PRATT,

Assistant Adjutant-General.
HEADQUARTERS CHIEF OF CAVALRY, DEPARTMENT OF THE CUMBERLAND, Island Ferry, Tenn., September 25, 1863.

Colonel E. M. McCOOK,Commanding First Division Cavalry:

COLONEL: The general commanding directs that you send immediately on the receipt of this order, by forced marches to-night, the two regiments of Colonel Campbell's brigade and the two regiments of Colonel Watkins' brigade to the vicinity of Bridgeport to protect the crossing of the river and our line of railroad communications.

A heavy rebel cavalry force is reported moving in that direction on the south side of the river. The Fifth Kentucky will, for the present, remain where it is.

Direct Colonel Campbell to report twice per day to these headquarters all his operations and observations. The remainder of your command will not move from camp to-night unless something new transpires. You can therefore consider the order for your whole command to be in readiness to move, revoked, and the above, directing the four regiments to move, substituded. Colonel Campbell will require reports from Colonel Cook's regiment [Second East Tennessee], and require his co-operation, if necessary, through, unless a very urgent case, he must not be removed from Jasper.

Have the regiments draw horses for their dismounted men from Lieutenant Dudley, at Stevenson, and direct Colonel Campbell to communicate with the post commanders at Bridgeport and Stevenson, and co-operate with them in performing the duty assigned him.

I remain, very respectfully, your obedient servant.

WM. H. SINCLAIR,

Assistant Adjutant-General.
HEADQUARTERS DEPARTMENT OF THE CUMBERLAND, Chattanooga, Tenn., September 25, 1863.

Colonel R. H. MINTY:

The general commanding directs you to cross the river immediately with your command, taking all your spare wagons with you, and proceed to such a point as will afford forage, and send in your train loaded as soon as possible. You will detail one regiment to proceed to Therman and escort a supply train which leaves Bridgeport for this place to-morrow morning. On crossing report in person to General Mitchell, and receive any special orders he may give you.

Very respectfully, you obedient servant,J. A. GARFIELD,

Brigadier-General and Chief of Staff.

