
can be seen. I have two guns in position commanding their work. I did not deem it necessary to open on them. I also have two guns in position on the river bank, masked and protected. I think we can defend the ford successfully against any force that may attempt to cross.

I am, captain, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

A. O. MILLER,

Colonel, Commanding Brigade.

[Indorsement.]

GENERAL: Colonel Miller is ordered to guard Thatcher's Ford till some of General Crook's command arrive.

WM. H. SINCLAIR,

Assistant Adjutant-General.
HEADQUARTERS DEPARTMENT OF THE CUMBERLAND, Chattanooga, Tenn., September 25, 1863.

Colonel A. O. MILLER:

Your report of his date is received. Your dispositions are approved by the general commanding. I transmit herewith leave of absence for Colonel Wilder. Please present him my best wishes for his speedy recovery. By dispatches received from Colonel Byrd today we ascertain he is at Athens. Any communication for him should be sent there via Cotton Port. Your couriers will ascertain probably that he is not at Cleveland and can take the dispatches to Athens. I send duplicates of those previously forwarded in case your messengers sent to Cleveland fail to reach him. General Mitchell has been sent across the river with his cavalry, and you are ordered to report to receive orders from him until further instructions are given you.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,C. GODDARD,

Lieutenant-Colonel and Assistant Adjutant-General.

FORT DONELSON, TENN., September 25, 1863.

WILLIAM C. RUSSELL,

Assistant Adjutant-General, Nashville:

I am informed by a reliable man from the other side of Tennessee River that the force near Paris is under command of General Jesse Forrest, and consists of 5,000 fighting men, thirteen pieces of artillery, besides 2,000 or 3,000 conscripts unarmed, and that they intend to conscript in this country. A great deal of excitement exists among the people along the river in this and Henry County, many running to escape,

E. C. BROTT,

Lieutenant-Colonel, Commanding.

