
Most of these boats are now provided with fuel, and I can confidently promise, by extraordinary exertion, to provide fuel for the rest. I have brought into requisition every means at my command to get wood. I have other steamers now in port, and others are expected, which I will provide with fuel as soon as possible. The steamers Adriatic, Sunny South, and General Anderson are embarking the residue of General Smith's division.

I am, very respectfully, your most obedient servant,

G. L. FORT,

Captain and Assistant Quartermaster.
HEADQUARTERS DEPARTMENT OF THE TENNESSEE, Vicksburg, Miss., September 26, 1863.

Major General W. T. SHERMAN:

There are steamers enough here now, and to arrive by the time your command could march in, to take the whole of them, but the difficulty of obtaining fuel is such that not more than one division can be got off now. One division may be started tomorrow, and the other on further notice from here.

Will not two regiments of infantry from the division intended to be left, be sufficient to go with the cavalry?

U. S. GRANT,Major-General.

SHERMAN'S HEADQUARTERS, September 26, 1863.

General GRANT:

My aide, Captain McCoy, just arrived, says there are eleven boats at Vicksburg and more close at hand. When do you want my two divisions to march in for embarkation? I understand they are not to march until I am nofified from your headquarters. I am embarrassed to embark those two divisions and at the same time to send out the expedition to the northeast, which should be done, and if the steam-boats are there we ought to be in motion.

W. T. SHERMAN,

Major-General.

SEPTEMBER 26, 1863.

General RAWLINS,

Assistant Adjutant-General:

I expect General McPherson out this morning. Shall turn over to him the division of infantry and five regiments of cavalry, and let him give directions as to the position they shall take up, confining my attention to the movement contemplated-of my two divisions preparing for embarkation to Memphis.

W. T. SHERMAN,

Major-General.

