
manding officer of the Eighth Missouri, on picket at Amsterdam, reported that a man just in from Clinton reported there the arrival of 6,000 infantry, and more coming, under Johnston. I gave it little credit, and only gave notice to all scouts and pickets to be on their guard. This morning Colonel Fletcher, in command of the pickets at Bachelor's, about 6 miles south of Bovina, below the mouth of Silver Creek, reports:

Camp-fires of the enemy visible to us last night, sky-rockets were sent up by them; enemy's scouts robbed a negro within half a mile of the picket station just after sundown; there were 8 of them, splendidly mounted. There is a considerable force just cross the Black River, represented at 3,000.

I am still doubtful, but have sent all my cavalry, about 800, with a section of artillery down to cross over and see the truth.

General Osterhaus will see to it in person and report. I will send a brigade across at Messinger's this p.m., and will find out the fact. Nothing seen north or east of my headquarters. I still apprehend nothing, but am watchful, as the absence of fighting at Chattanooga is suspicious to me.

W. T. SHERMAN,

Major-General.

SHERMAN'S HEADQUARTERS, September 26, 1863.

General RAWLINS:

General McPherson has been out with me all day. He is just starting back. We have arranged all things and I am now ready to move. I will undertake to put my men on board as fast as boats are provided. In giving notice, remember that we have 30 miles to march.

W. T. SHERMAN,

Major-General.

SHERMAN'S HEADQUARTERS, [September 26, 1863.]

Colonel J. CONDIT SMITH:

Assist General Osterhaus all you can in getting off, but he will not be able to take with him more than his regimental or brigade trains.

W. T. SHERMAN,

Major-General.

GENERAL ORDERS, HDQRS. FIFTEENTH ARMY CORPS,

No. 75 Camp on Black River, Miss., Sept 26, 1863.

I. The Second Brigade, Third Division, of this corps, Brigadier General J. A. Mower commanding, will at once relieve the Second Brigade, Second Division, Colonel O. Malmborg commanding, at Black River Railroad Bridge.

II. The Cavalry Brigade, commanded by Colonel M. R. M. Wallace, will take post at or near Messinger's Ford, and report to Brigadier-General Tuttle, commanding Third Division, for orders.

III. Brig. General J. M. Tuttle, commanding Third Division, will

