
a. m., for supplies, but, from remark in note from Colonel Carlton, fear I shall get none. Can send train to-morrow to Bridgeport or Stevenson, if stores can be had.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

J. J. REYNOLDS,

Major-General, Commanding.

[Inclosure Numbers 1.]
HDQRS. 1ST BRIGADE, 4TH DIVISION, 14TH ARMY CORPS,Poe's Tavern or Cross-Roads, August 20, 1863.

Major-General REYNOLDS:

GENERAL: I am directed by Colonel Wilder to report his command here, and that we will camp here for the night. We were detained on the mountain to-day by one of General Palmer's brigades starting before us with teams insufficient to move their battery. We did not reach the summit of the mountain until afternoon. We are here without train, having left that at Dunlap, and now have but four days' short rations. We sent Lieutenant Dewey, with supply train of thirty wagons,to Tracy City this morning for rations, with instructions to go to Cowan, provided he could learn of supplies there, in the event of there being none at Tracy City. But should he not get supplies at Tracy City, our command will suffer before he can possibly reach us. The roads are very bad, indeed. No forces except a few pickets are reported by citizens or soldiers this side of Tennessee River. Bragg's army is reported at and in the vicinity of Chattanooga. We took 23 prisoners and killed 1 man yesterday. To-day we have taken 6 prisoners and severely wounded 2 others. To-morrow we will make a demonstration against Chattanooga and Harrison.

I am, general, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

ALEX. A. RICE,

Captain and Assistant Adjutant-General.

P. S.-General Hazen's brigade is here.

[Inclosure Numbers 2.]

TRACY CITY, August 20, 1863.

Major LEVERING,

Assistant Adjutant-General:

SIR: I have the honor to report that the railroad train did not arrive last evening. No news from it this morning. No telegraph operator here. No troops but my own here or in the immediate vicinity. No supplies here.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

C. H. CARLTON,

Colonel Eighty-ninth Ohio.
HEADQUARTERS FOURTEENTH ARMY CORPS,Stevenson, August 20, 1863.

Major-General REYNOLDS,

Commanding Fourth Division:

Your letter, inclosing reports from Colonels Wilder and Carlton, just received by courier. I started an express to you at 4 p.m. with

