
GENERAL ORDERS, HDQRS. SIXTEENTH ARMY CORPS,

No. 137. Memphis, Tenn., September 26, 1863.

I. The Sixteenth Army Corps, excepting the troops in the Districts of Columbus and Helena, will be put in complete marching order for a campaign as rapidly as possible.

II. Division, brigade, and regimental commanders will see to it that the transportation of their several commands is in perfect order, and to this end will cause rigid inspection to be made at once of animals, vehicles, and harness, and supply all deficiencies.

III. Ammunition for batteries and small-arms will be examined, and replenished to the full allowance of 200 rounds per man and 400 to each piece.

IV. A division train of seventy-five wagons will be formed at once as a supply train, and fifteen wagons will be allowed as extra ordnance train to each division.

V. The remaining wagons, after reducing each regiment to its regimental transportation as provided in general orders, will be formed into a corps supply train, under charge of Lieutenant-Colonel Nigh, corps quartermaster, and into a corps ordnance train in charge of Colonel Lothrop, chief of artillery.

VI. Baggage and incumbrances of all sorts will be cut down to the minimum, and if any regimental or other train shall be found loaded with improper baggage, it will be thrown out, commencing with officers.

VII. Cavalry supply and ammunition trains will be organized under direction of chief of cavalry, in conformity with army orders, by brigades.

By order of Major General S. A. Hurlbut:

HENRY BINMORE,

Assistant Adjutant-General.
HEADQUARTERS THIRD BRIGADE, CAVALRY DIVISION, Memphis, Tenn., September 26, 1863.

Lieutenant Colonel HENRY BINMORE,Assistant Adjutant-General, Sixteenth Army Corps:

COLONEL: Scouting party sent to Coldwater on the evening of the 24th instant have returned and report no rebel troops of any consequence on that line. This party went out from Collierville; party sent from La Fayette same time have not yet reported.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

EDWARD HATCH,

Colonel Second Iowa Cavalry, Commanding.

RACCOON FORD, VA., September 26, 1863. [Received 9.30 p.m.]

Richmond Examiner, September 25:

ATLANTA, September 23.

The pursuit of Rosecrans goes on. Our latest report is the following telegram from Tunnel Hill, dated September 22, 9 p.m.:

THE	LATEST FROM HEADQUARTERS.

"Our army is near Chattanooga. We expect to be there to-morrow. Rumor says we occupied it to-night. Private advices represent that 2,000 prisoners will arrive on the down trains to-day. A large corps of bridge-builders have been sent

