
to the front. Orders have been issued to examine the railroad from Dalton to Chattanooga, via Clevelend. It is supposed the trains will run on to Chattanooga to-day, as the road to Cleveland is known to be in good order, and that from Cleveland to Chattanooga is not known to be destroyed.

This morning a dispatch from Ringgold was received by Captain Butler from General Bragg's operator, addressed to the Nashville refugees here. He says: "Come on home, the road is clear."

ATLANTA, September 23.

It is stated, on authority deemed reliable, that the enemy has burned all his stores at Chattanooga, and no Yankee in arms is south of the Tennessee River to-day. There is no confirmation of the report of the occupation of Chattanooga by General Bragg, but it is generally believed. Information comes in slowly from the front. Our loss is variously estimated at from 5,000 to 10,000, of which five-sixths are wounded slightly. The loss of the enemy in killed, wounded, and prisoners is variously placed at from 25,000 to 35,000. Large quantities of arms, baggage, &amp;c., have been brought in to the various depots in our rear. The army trains have moved forward. Many of the wounded are in hospital near Rock Springs; others have been brought to Dalton, Marietta, and Atlanta. The Press Association reporter is at the front, and it is hoped that he will be permitted to send in true reports. General Hood is not dead; his right leg was amputated. He says he will live to fight the Yankee at least another battle.

LOUISVILLE, September 26, 1863-4.30 p.m.[Received 8.15 p.m.]

Honorable E. M. STANTON,

Secretary of War:

A portion of Fifteenth Regulars arrived from Cairo yesterday and started to the front to-day. Officer in command reports other regiments following.

Please advise of all forces ordered here to go forward by Louisville and Nashville road, in order that some provision may be made for transportation.

THOS. A. SCOTT,

Colonel and Aide-de-Camp.

NASHVILLE, September 26, 1863. [Received 11.50 p.m.]

Colonel A. STAGER and T. T. ECKERT:

Rebels have occupied and hold line between Bridgeport and Chattanooga. A new line will be built immediately on north side Tennessee River.

S. BRUCH.

WAR DEPARTMENT, Washington City, September 26, 1863-2.10 p.m.

General BUFORD,

Commanding at Cairo:

I am informed that there are at Cairo 44 box and flat cars, 5-foot gauge. I want them at Louisville. Can you send them up immediately to be put on the road to Nashville? If it be possible, do so with the utmost speed, and report.

EDWIN M. STANTON.

