
is protected from seizure unless absolutely necessary for public use, and then an invoice must be given to the owner of all articles taken. The post commander will see that all persons occupying quarters in contravention of this order vacate them at once.

By order of Major-General Rosecrans:

C. GODDARD,

Lieutenant-Colonel and Assistant Adjutant-General.

[Copy sent to Major-General Thomas, Major-General McCook, Major-General Crittenden, Major-General Granger, Brigadier-General Mitchell, and Brigadier-General Wagner.]
HEADQUARTERS FOURTEENTH ARMY CORPS, Chattanooga, September 26, 1863-6.45 a.m.

Major-General ROSECRANS,Commanding Department of the Cumberland:

GENERAL: I have the honor to report that the enemy attacked the pickets of General Brannan's command at daylight this morning with infantry, and obliged them to retire a short distance. The main attack appeared to be against General Crittenden's right. Several prisoners were taken who report the force mostly from Breckinridge's command, also that the main force of the enemy are camped on Mission Ridge east of us. Our pickets have resumed their original position.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

GEO. H. THOMAS,

Major-General, U. S. Volunteers.
HDQRS. 14TH ARMY CORPS, PROVOST-MARSHAL'S OFFICE, September 26, 1863.

Colonel G. E. FLYNT,Assistant Adjutant-General and Chief of Staff:

COLONEL: W. H. Harris, private, Company C, Thirteenth Louisiana Regiment, came into our lines this morning, a deserter. He reports that his regiment lost 178 men in the battle on Sunday; that their loss was very heavy. He reports the strength of the enemy, about 70,000; that Longstreet is on the left, Buckner in the center, and Polk on the right. Says the enemy has but three corps; that Hill is not here, but that A. P. Hill is expected from Virginia with re-enforcements, and that the enemy is delaying the attack for Hill's arrival; that Johnston is sick and that Breckinridge commands his troops; that the enemy expects to cut off all communication to our rear. This man speaks very positively as to what he thinks he knows. Has been an orderly or waiter to his colonel, and was bucked and gagged yesterday for some trifling offense, and feels quite indignant. He is fifty-three years old and lives in New Orleans. Wants to be allowed to go North and home. I have nothing important from the other three prisoners who have been captured this morning.

I remain, colonel, your obedient servant,

J. G. PARKHURST,

Colonel and Provost-Marshal.

