HDQRS. FIRST DIVISION, TWENTY-FIRST ARMY CORPS, Chattanooga, September 26, 1863.

Captain P. P. OLDERSHAW,Assistant Adjutant-General:

SIR: At early daylight this morning a light fire was opened on the advanced sentinels of my picket line, but the force was, I think, very small, one which the pickets could readily take care of.

I was on the parapet of the work during the firing and could only observe a few shots coming out of the woods beyond the fields in front of the fort. My inspector-general visited the pickets during the firing and found them in good condition.

Respectfully, &amp;c.

TH. J. WOOD,

Brigadier-General of Volunteers, Commanding.
HDQRS. FIRST BRIG., SECOND DIV., 21ST ARMY CORPS, Redan Palmer, September 26, 1863-8.30 a.m.

Captain OLDERSHAW,Assistant Adjutant-General:

The enemy's picket line was advanced this morning about 5 o'clock along the front of this division, and also along those of the flanking division. Our skirmishers were re-enforced after having fallen back to the railway track in front of our line, and drove the enemy's back, and re-established the line at its former position at 6.40 a.m. The only casualty within my line at its former position at 6.40 a.m. The only casualty within my line or that of Colonel Grose was the wounding of Major-General Palmer at one of the embrasures of my work. His wound is a severe fleshy one, not dangerous, but will probably incapacitate him from active service for some time. There were a few artillery shots from our work on right during the skirmish. The cutting away of the timber within my picket line and opposite my front beyond railway embankment is absolutely necessary to the security of my position from enemy's sharpshooters. This will be done if axes can be had to-day.

Very truly,

CHARLES CRUFT,

Brigadier-General, Commanding Brigade.
HDQRS. THIRD DIV., TWENTY-FIRST ARMY CORPS, Camp, Chattanooga, September 26, 1863-10.30 a.m.

Lieutenant Colonel LYNE STARLING,Chief of Staff, Twenty-first Army Corps:

I have the honor to inclose a written report of Colonel Swaine, picket officer, which contains nothing material of interest in addition to his verbal report furnished this a.m.

My provost-guard is stationed in rear of my division, and will capture or kill any one attempting to straggle or skulk. Thus far, I believe, there has been no straggling or skulking in my division.

Very respectfully,

H. P. VAN CLEVE,

Brigadier-General, Commanding Division.

P. S.- No rebel line of battle of any account seen in my front at this hour.

H. P. V.

