
[Inclosure.]
HDQRS. THIRD DIV., TWENTY-FIRST ARMY CORPS, Chattanooga, Tenn., September 26, 1863.

Captain E. A. OTIS,Assistant Adjutant-General:

SIR: In compliance with orders, I have the honor to report upon operations in our front.

Yesterday afternoon a considerable force of the enemy passed over into the valley this side of Missionary Hills, and at night the campfires of a large force were plainly seen on the slope of the hills and in the valley below. The enemy were signaling from three points on Missionary Hills and one on Lookout Mountain. This morning shortly after daylight, the pickets heard commands in the woods in their front, such as "forward, guide right," and from these commands and conversations they supposed the enemy forming in line of battle. Some of the pickets report that they afterward saw, about half a mile to their front in the woods, a line of the enemy moving to our right with horsemen at the head of the infantry and a flag.

The firing of our pickets was light; that by the pickets to our right very much heavier. This report in regard to the operations of the pickets was sent to me by Lieutenant-Colonel Wood, Fifty-first Ohio, commanding picket line. The operations of the enemy last night I observed from the fort, where I staid until about midnight. I have seen Colonel Wood in person.

Everything is very quiet in our front now.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

P. T. SWAINE,

Colonel 99th O. V. I., Comdg. Advanced Forces and Outpost.
HEADQUARTERS DEPARTMENT OF THE CUMBERLAND, Chattanooga, Tenn., September 26, 1863-9.30 p.m.

Brigadier-General MITCHELL,Commanding Cavalry:

It was the intention of the general commanding to post General McCook at the mouth of North Chickamauga Creek, so as to relieve your cavalry posted there. It appears that he has encamped opposite the mouth of South Chickamauga. Do you know which place he occupies?

J. A. GARFIELD,

Brigadier-General, Chief of Staff.
HEADQUARTERS SECOND DIVISION, RESERVE CORPS, Stevenson, Ala., September 26, 1863.

Major FULLERTON,

Assistant Adjutant-General:

MAJOR: I have the honor to report that the order for sending rations to the front was not received till this evening. Captain Hodgdon, commissary of subsistence, is making arrangements to have a train with commissary supplies leave here to-morrow for Chattanooga. The order to send regiment of infantry and section

