
countersign, and advising you that rations can be drawn at Stevenson for your command.

The general desires you to draw sufficient rations for Wilder's command and advise him of the arrangement, that he may send for them before his troops suffer for rations.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

GEO. E. FLYNT,

Assistant Adjutant-General and Chief of Staff.

TRACY CITY,

August 20, 1863-12.30 p. m.

Brigadier-General GARFIELD,

Chief of Staff:

Statement of William Duncan, deserter, Company H, Second Tennessee: Been in service three years next April; residence, Hartsville, Sumner County, Tenn. Cheatham's division consists of Wright's, Strahl's, and Maney's brigades, known to be at Chattanooga. Withers' division believed to be at Atlanta. Cleburne's division is at Tyner's Station; it consists of Wood's, Churchill's, Polk's, and Liddell's brigades, the latter at Chickamauga Station. This whole division believed to be under marching orders last Monday for Ringgold, Ga. Hardee's corps, now commanded by D. H. Hill, recently from Virginia. Jackson's brigade, of Stewart's division, Hill's corps, believed to be at Knoxville with Buckner, not with rest of the division. Bushrod Johnson's brigade is stationed at Loudon; Clayton's, Bate's, and Brown's brigades at Tyner's Station. Buckner's troops returned to Knoxville. Bragg reported to have 30,000 or 35,000 men at Chattanooga. It is reported that Breckinridge's division, now in Mississippi, was expected to arrive at Chattanooga last Sunday. Calvert's battery has six guns, 6 and 12 pounders, all smooth-bore; belongs to Colonel Ben. Hill's brigade-Polk's old brigade.

CARLTON,

Colonel Eighty-ninth Ohio.

TRACY CITY, August 20, 1863-6 p. m.

Colonel FLYNT,

Assistant Adjutant-General, Hdqrs. 14th Army Corps:

SIR: I have the honor to report that 4 deserters from the First Louisiana Regiment are here. They deserted Wednesday night from the steamer Paint Rock, then lying at the foot of the Suck, with capstan broken, about 14 miles from Chattanooga. As the cars are now running to this point, I can forward them to you if you think it necessary to examine them.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

C. H. CARLTON,

Colonel Eighty-ninth Ohio Volunteers.

