
He says to charge you to be vigilant and keep a close watch as you pass down the river, and report everything you may discover with dispatch. Obstruct all the ferry landings and fords on the north side of the river wherever there is any probability of the enemy trying to cross, and require you to report, via courier, twice every day.

In accordance with the above, you will move at once with your command and attend to the duty assigned you above, operating in conjunction with the commanding officers at Bridgeport and Stevenson, to carry out the objects for which you are sent.

The general says, also, require you to make out your report of the losses in your division during the campaign immediately.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

WM. H. SINCLAIR,

Assistant Adjutant-General.
HDQRS. FIRST BRIGADE, FIRST DIVISION CAVALRY, Bridgeport, Ala., September 26, 1863.

Major WILLIAM H. SINCLAIR,Assistant Adjutant-General:

SIR: I have the honor to report that we arrived here at 10 a.m. and found everything quiet, and think if safely quarded nearly all the way from here to Stevenson. I shall dispose of my command in front of Stevenson and guard all of the fords and the railroad in that vicinity. My headquarters will be near Stevenson. It is reported that guerrilla parties are hovering about in the vicinity of Larkinsville, but my command is not sufficiently large to extend to that place. It is also reported that the enemy's pickets are on the opposite side of the river below here.

I am, very respectfully, your most obedient servant,

A. P. CAMPBELL,

Colonel, Commanding.
HEADQUARTERS DEPARTMENT OF THE CUMBERLAND, Chattanooga, September 26, 1863.

Colonel LOUIS D. WATKINS,Commanding Cavalry Brigade:

COLONEL: The general commanding directs you to report immediately the disposition of your command, where they are stationed, and the force at each place.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

C. GODDARD,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

[Copy to General Mitchell.]

JASPER, September 26, 1863-9 a.m.

Major SINCLAIR,

Assistant Adjutant-General, Cavalry Corps:

SIR: I have the honor to report everything quiet in this vicinity. I have posted a company at Rankin's Ferry-as the river is fordable

