
do think the Ordnance Department needs reconstruction. I will hand your dispatch to the division that remains behind, but so far as my corps is concerned, it comes too late to be of any use.

W. T. SHERMAN,

Major-General, Commanding.

SHERMAN'S HEADQUARTERS, September 27, 1863.

Lieutenant CHAFFEE,

Vicksburg:

I wish you to refer my dispatch to your chief in Washington. I say it does concern your office, but not you personally. We have been here two months begging for material to repair our batteries, and are now tendered them when under orders for a distant theater of action and when they are too late for any use. There has been manifest neglect somewhere, and I distinctly charge it on the Ordnance Department, and so repeat it.

W. T. SHERMAN,

Major-General.
HDQRS. FOURTH DIVISION, FIFTEENTH ARMY CORPS, Camp Sherman, Miss., September 27, 1863.

[Colonel J. R. COCKERILL:]

COLONEL: In compliance with General Orders, Numbers 76, from corps headquarters, Colonel Cockerill will move his brigade tomorrow morning, with three days' rations, and occupy a position near the church designated in the order on the Jackson road. On the arrival of the cavalry he will follow them up to Brownsville, making such disposition of his troops as he deems necessary for their security. After having permitted sufficient time to elapse to enable the cavalry to reach Vernon, he will return to Vicksburg, via Messinger's Bridge, and report in person to the division commander.

By order of Brig. General John M. Corse:

JNO. B. NEIL,Aide-de-Camp.

HEADQUARTERS FIFTEENTH ARMY CORPS, Camp on Big Black, September 27, 1863.

Commanding Officer Cavalry Expedition:

SIR: The object of your expedition is to strike the enemy, who is hovering between Vernon and Yazoo City. That you may act understandingly I now advise you that Cockerill's brigade of infantry will move out this afternoon on the Jackson road, about 8 miles. You will pass them and go to near Brownsville, where you will feed and rest. To-morrow early move rapidly and strike any force you may find at or near Vernon, and as far up as Beattie's Bluffs; there you can rest for the second night. Next day go to Benton and Yazoo City, acting according to circumstances, coming back to camp by easy marches by way of Liverpool, Satartia, and Mechanicsville.

