
General Buckland, now at Oak Ridge, will send a couple of regiments of infantry and section of artillery to-morrow to Mechanicsville, and next day about 6 miles from there toward Vernon.

On your return, communicate with this force, that they may return to their post. I am satisfied that there is nothing on your route that you cannot dispose of summarily. Don't hesitate to attack promptly and vigorously, and follow it up. You have supports to Mechanicsville and Brownsville, but do not heed any rumors or big stories.

We know of some parties of rebels engaged in forcing conscripts and punishing negroes, burning cotton, &amp;c. Punish them severely, and capture as many as you can. Take all good horses you find, feed freely on the corn-fields, and take wagons and carriages, if you have use for them. If you take wagons, ammunition, C. S. A. cotton, or anything useful to the enemy and hurtful to us, bring them in if convenient, or otherwise destroy.

Do your work up well, be rapid and prompt up to the time you reach Vernon and Beattie's Crossing, after which with more slowness. The infantry force at Brownsville will come in as soon as it covers your movement on Vernon, but the other force near Mechanicsville will await your arrival.

I am, &c.,

W. T. SHERMAN,

Major-General, Commanding.
SPECIAL ORDERS, HDQRS. CAVALRY FORCES, 15TH A. C.,No. 10. September 27, 1863.

I. Commanding officer Fifth Illinois Cavalry will detail from his command 225 men, well mounted, and provided with four days' cooked rations, under command of Major A. H. Seley, to be ready to march at 1 o'clock this p.m. No negroes except private servants will be allowed to accompany the expedition.

II. The pickets at Batchelor's, on Silver Creek, will be furnished with four days' [rations] this day, and will, until relieved, report daily by messenger to the officer in command at the railroad bridge.

E. F. WINSLOW,

Colonel, Commanding.
SPECIAL ORDERS, HDQRS. CAVALRY FORCES, 15TH A. C.,No. 13. Big Black, Miss., September 27, 1863.

I. Lieutenant-Colonel Wallace will please detail from the regiments of cavalry which have composed his command 600 men, properly officered, fully armed, and supplied with ammunition, with four days' cooked rations, to be in readiness to march at 1 p.m. to-day. The order and exact hour of march will be communicated at that time.

E. F. WINSLOW,

Colonel and Chief of Cavalry.

SPECIAL ORDERS HDQRS. CAVALRY FORCES, 15TH A. C.

No. 14. September 27, 1863.

I. The following will be the order of march of this command: Fifth Illinois Cavalry Regiment, Tenth Missouri Cavalry Regi-

