
men, Eleventh Illinois Cavalry Regiment, Fourth Iowa Cavalry Regiment. Regiments will pass from front to rear alternately each succeeding day as a rule.

The commanding officer of each regiment will report with his command to the colonel commanding at Messinger's Ford at 3.30 p.m. to-day promptly.

Lieutenant-Colonel Wallace and Major Seley will each detail one surgeon, with instruments and medicine, to accompany the expedition.

II. Commanding officer of each regiment will guard well his flanks after the command passes the infantry at the church, and will act as circumstances may direct in every emergency.

E. F. WINSLOW,

Colonel and Chief of Cavalry.
HEADQUARTERS SEVENTEENTH ARMY CORPS, Vicksburg, Miss., September 27, 1863.

Lieutenant-Colonel FAIRCHILD,Commanding Sixteenth Wisconsin Regiment:

COLONEL: You will immediately proceed with your regiment to Red Bone Church or vicinity, some 8 miles east of Warrenton, and establish your command in a good location to co-operate with the Second Wisconsin Cavalry in preventing the incursions of rebel cavalry and guerrillas across the Big Black from Hall's Ferry to the Mississippi. They have become somewhat troublesome of late in running off negroes, horses, &amp;c., and picking up straggling soldiers, and, furthermore, there is a class of persons in that section who require watching; although seemingly disposed to remain quietly at home and pursue their peaceful avocations, they are hostile in spirit, and I have no doubt some of them are in league with these rebel bands.

The Second Wisconsin Cavalry, Major Eastman commanding, has been stationed in that vicinity for the last six weeks, but, without some reserve to fall back upon and to assist in guarding camp, they are not in sufficient force to thoroughly patrol that section of country.

I desire to see you personally before you start.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

JAS. B. McPHERSON,

Major-General.
HEADQUARTERS SEVENTEENTH ARMY CORPS, Vicksburg, Miss., September 27, 1863.

Major EASTMAN, Comdg. Second Wisconsin Cavalry:

MAJOR: You will immediately proceed with your command to Red Bone Church, or vicinity, and in conjunction with Lieutenant-Colonel Fairchild, Sixteenth Wisconsin Infantry, establish your camp and carry out previous instructions in relation to patrolling the country between Hall's Ferry, across the Big Black, and the Mississippi River, and keeping it clear of guerrillas and small bands of rebel cavalry. Pitch your camp in good defensive relations with that of the Sixteenth Wisconsin Volunteers.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,JAS. B. McPHERSON,

Major-General.

