
isville and Nashville Railroad, 8 engines, capable of taking 25 loaded cars each over the road, and 150 freight cars; Nashville and Chattanooga Railroad, 12 engines, capable of taking 16 loaded cars each over the road, and 250 freight-cars.

It will require ten days to get shops at work, after which the cars can be altered to required gauge at the rate of 20 per day; whole time required to make the alterations would be forty days or fifty days from date of order to do the work. The 20 engines could be altered in the same time. I suggest as the most expeditious plan for obtaining this stock to receive from Western railroads in equitable proportion the cars and engines required; have the gauge changed in the various railroad and car-building shops, and have the stock thus altered taken by river to Louisville, Ky., and placed on the track of the Louisville and Nashville Railroad.

Respectfully submitted.

J. B. ANDERSON.

CHATTANOOGA, TENN., September 27, 1863. [Received 1.15 a.m., 28th.]

Major-General HALLECK,

General-in-Chief:

The enemy [three corps] is in our front, out of cannon range; the fourth out toward Tyner's. No news from Burnside; every effort being made to secure our communications. Report of Roddey and Jesse Forrest with 4,000 or 5,000 cavalry, in vicinity of Fort Donelson. Cannot the Corinth mounted force look after them? What are the orders of the troops from Grant? Which way will they come? Cannot they push head of column to Athens, Ala., immediately? Please answer soon, stating what can be done to cover the flank of our railroad line from Roddey, Forrest, and others in West Tennessee.

W. S. ROSECRANS,

Major-General.

CHATTANOOGA, September 27, 1863.

Governor ANDREW JOHNSON, Nashville, Tenn:

John Kelly, of Sequatchie Valley, desires to raise a company o mounted men for twelve months. Please send authority to organize and I will have it mustered into service.

W. S. ROSECRANS,

Major-General.

SEPTEMBER 27, 1863.

Honorable DAVID TOD,

Columbus, Ohio:

We do not require the services of extra surgeons, though we are obliged for your offer.

Captain Stanton is wounded and a prisoner.

W. S. ROSECRANS,

Major-General.

