HEADQUARTERS TWENTIETH ARMY CORPS, September 27, 1863-9.50 p.m.

Brig. General J. A. GARFIELD,Chief of Staff.

GENERAL: The firing just heard was in my front, caused by the enemy making an attack upon my pickets. They were handsomely repulsed.

Respectfully,

A. McD. McCOOK,

Major-General, Commanding.
HDQRS. SECOND BRIG., FIRST DIV., 20TH ARMY CORPS, Chattanooga, September 27, 1863.

Brig. General J. A. GARFIELD,Chief of Staff:

GENERAL: It has become necessary for me to request that Major-General Rosecrans, commanding the department, will transfer my brigade from the First Division, Twentieth Army Corps, or that another commander be assigned to the division. A total want of confidence in Brigadier General Jef. C. Davis as commander of the division is a sufficient reason for my request. My duty to the officers and men under my command, to my country, and to myself, require me to pursue this course. The facts stated in my official report of this date,* which can be substantiated without difficulty, will account for my want of confidence in him. For the good of the cause and to gratify men who have done all for our cause that circumstances would permit, I beseech the general not to disregard this request. There can be no cordial co-operation between General Davis and myself. It would be unnecessary to give more detailed reasons than the foregoing for making this request, as the general commanding is already well informed of my views and feelings on this subject.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

W. P. CARLIN,

Brigadier-General, Commanding.
HEADQUARTERS TWENTIETH ARMY CORPS, Chattanooga, September 27, 1863.

Major General P. H. SHERIDAN,Commanding Division:

GENERAL: I have the honor to inform you that General McCook has directed General Johnson to occupy the line of earth-works on the right of the house, now used as corps headquarters, as far to the right as the foot of the hill.

This change will be made to-morrow morning, so that you will then be able to withdraw your troops from this hill and place them on the one farther to the west. This will shorten and strengthen your line, so that it can be strongly held by your two brigades.

I am, general, very respectfully,

G. P. THRUSTON,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

---------------

*See Part I, p.515.

---------------

