
I think the enemy might attempt to cross between this point and Chattanooga successfully. I know I would if in their place.

So soon as I can gain full information of the line toward Stevenson and beyond, I will report, probably this evening.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

E. M. McCOOK,

Colonel, Commanding.
HDQRS. FIRST BRIGADE, FIRST DIVISION CAVALRY, Pump Spring, Ala., September 27, 1863.

Lieutenant JOHN K. RANKIN,Acting Assistant Adjutant-General:

SIR: I have the honor to report the following disposition of my command to-day:

The Fourth and Sixth Kentucky Cavalry, of the Third Brigade, the Ninth Pennsylvania and First East Tennessee Cavalry, of the First Brigade, are in camp at this point. Details from these regiments for picket and patrols extend from Cedar Bluff to Bellefonte.

I shall send the Fourth and Sixth Kentucky Cavalry to Bellefonte at daylight to-morrow morning, to camp there until further orders. They will patrol toward Larkinsville on railroad and river. I shall send a company toward Anderson to patrol the railroad to-morrow. I can hear from Bridgeport through General Morgan, commanding at Stevenson, at any time. General Morgan thinks the river safely guarded by infantry from Bridgeport down to Shallow Ford, and he thought that my command had better extend farther down the river.

I am, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

A. P. CAMPBELL,

Colonel, Commanding.
HEADQUARTERS FIRST CAVALRY DIVISION, Bridgeport, Tenn., September 27, 1863.

Colonel A. P. CAMPBELL,Commanding First Brigade Cavalry:

COLONEL: The colonel commanding directs me to say that he will encamp at this place this evening with the Second Brigade of Cavalry, the dismounted men, and transportation of First Division. He also directs that you send immediately 2 reliable men to inform him concerning the whereabouts of your headquarters and the location of the different regiments under your command. Send with them a report of your march from Chattanooga to where you are now situated.

He directs also that you picket to-night Shallow Ford, Cameron's, Cox's, and Caperton's Ferries, and wishes you to send a staff officer early to-morrow morning to find suitable ground for and encampment somewhere in the vicinity of the river sufficiently large for the whole division.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

J. M. PORTER,

Captain and Aide-de-Camp.

P. S.-Colonel McCook will leave here at daylight to-morrow morning for your headquarters.

