
ment to Natchez,reporting for further instructions at department headquarters on arrival at Vicksburg. Every officer and soldier belonging to this regiment on detached or special service in the command will at once join the regiment so that not a man may be left behind.

By order Major General W. T. Sherman:

R. M. SAWYER,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

UNION CITY, August 12, 1863.

Brigadier-General ASBOTH,

Commanding District:

The rumors about Chalmers being in West Tennessee are all vague,but I hear them from other sources than Mr. Benton. He is said to have six pieces of artillery. I am not disposed to believe 4,000 rebel troops are;yet Morgan's taking away 8,000,at a time when Bragg was in danger,is equally difficult to understand. It is said he came in between Corinth and the Tennessee River,and that Biffle or Newsom went out that way. Do you know whether General Dodge's dispositions would leave this possible?

I have four parties out;one of 60 infantry down the railroad,one of 25 cavalry via Gardner's Station; all to unite at daybreak to-morrow near Kenton Station to capture a guerrilla party,encamped about there,of 40 or 50. These parties will be a good picket against Chalmer's advance until to-morrow.

Mr. Logan reports that there have been 300 barrels of salt smuggled out of Hickman within the past two days,and he says taht smuggling from there is constantly going on. Shall I,if I deem it necessary to retire and communication with you is interrupted,go to Hickman or Moscow? Either would be more defensible than this place;Hickman probably the best,and Moscow very good.

GEO. E. WARING, JR.,

Colonel, Commanding Brigade.
HEADQUARTERS POST OF FORT PILLOW,SIXTH DIVISION, SIXTEENTH ARMY CORPS,

August 12, 1863.

Captain THOMAS H. HARRIS,

Assistant Adjutant-General:

SIR: Special Orders, No. 181 (extract 2),from Major-General Hurlbut,of date August 7, 1863,in reference to movement of Second Regiment Illinois Cavalry,arrived at my headquarters last evening,together with the order of general commanding division. This morning the commanding officer of the Second Regiment Illinois Cavalry received an order from Brigadier-General Grierson,chief of cavalry,of which inclosed please find copy,suspending the movements to Vicksburg until further orders.

Respectfully,your obedient servant,

E. H. WOLFE,

Colonel 52nd Regiment Indiana Infantry Vols., Commanding.

