HDQRS. FIRST BRIGADE, FIRST DIVISION CAVALRY, Pump Spring, Ala., September 27, 1863.

Captain JOHN PRATT,Assistant Adjutant-General:

SIR: I have the honor to report that my command of four regiments are at this point in camp to-night. Details for picket and patrols have been sent to Caperton's and Cox's Ferries and to Cedar Bluff Ford; also three companies to Bellefonte to picket in that vicinity. General Morgan informs me that his infantry picket at Shallow Ford is entirely sufficient for that point, and thinks my command is needed farther down the river. Reports from Bellefonte say the enemy's pickets are opposite that place, and there is some force threatening to cross. This is not positive information. I have ordered the Fourth and Sixth Kentucky Cavalry to march to-night and they will be at Bellefonte by daylight. This camp is about 3 miles south of Bolivar and 1 mile up the river from Caperton's Ferry. There is room for a division here.

I am, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

A. P. CAMPBELL,

Colonel, Commanding.
HDQRS. THIRD BRIGADE, FIRST CAVALRY DIVISION, Bridgeport, Ala., September 27, 1863.

Lieutenant Colonel C. GODDARD,Asst. Adjt. General, Dept. of the Cumberland:

COLONEL: In answer to your communication of the 26th instant, pertaining to the disposition of my command, I have the honor to state the Fourth and Sixth Kentucky Cavalry are now at this place with brigade headquarters; the Fifth Kentucky Cavalry are patrolling the river between Williams' Island and Jasper, excepting 100 who are detailed as couriers; the Seventh Kentucky Cavalry are on detached service in Nashville. The Fourth and Sixth Kentucky Cavalry number 355 men, the Fifth Kentucky Cavalry 260, and Seventh Kentucky Cavalry 290. I would further state that my present command is in a very bad condition, having been cut up at Crawfish Spring on the 21st instant, losing one-half of their effective force in the engagement.

I have the honor to be, colonel, very respectfully, your obedient servant.

LOUIS D. WATKINS,

Colonel, Commanding Brigade.
HEADQUARTERS FIFTH TENNESSEE CAVALRY, Camp Crook, Bridgeport, Ala., September 27, 1863.

Colonel C. GODDARD,

Asst. Adjt. General, Dept.of the Cumberland:

Having learned from reliable sources that Colonel Murray, with 500 men, is prowling around in the counties of De Kalb, Warren, Smith, and Wilson, committing depredations upon Union families which for barbarity and cruelty have had no parallel in this campaign, I respectfully ask that my command may be ordered to McMinnville or Carthage, to relieve the cavalry forces stationed at either point. The forces stationed at either point. The forces stationed at these points are unacquainted with

