
that country, while my men have a perfect knowledge of every crossroad and by-path throughout that section. My only desire to be ordered to one of the points is for the good of the service. I could render more good for the service of stationed at one of these points, while the cavalry I would relieve could be as beneficial as myself if here. The inhabitants of the counties named are almost unanimously loyal, having sent more men in loyal Tennessee regiments than any other four counties in Middle Tennessee, and in justice to themselves they ought to be protected in their loyalty to their Government. Murray and his men, having every advantage of a perfect knowledge of the country, keep out of the way of the cavalry now in that country. They have not only stolen property, insulted ladies, but have even murdered loyal men. They have stolen all my stock, have attempted to burn my house, insulted my family, fired on my wife, and committed the most heathenish outrages ever heard of. While I could render important service, if stationed there, the cavalry I would relieve could be as useful here. If I am allowed to go to either of these points I pledge my all that I will clear the country of all rebels. I earnestly request that Companies C and H of this command, now stationed at Decherd and Tullahoma, respectively be ordered to join this portion of the regiment. It is the desire of the officers and men to do so, and as they are of little benefit where they are. I respectfully urge that they be ordered to join me at once. While I would willingly join General Crook in the front, I feel it is my duty to protect the families of my men.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

W. B. STOKES,

Colonel, Commanding.
HEADQUARTERS SECOND CAVALRY DIVISION,Soddy Creek Mills and Eldridge's Ford,

September 27, 1863-4 a.m.

Major WILLIAM H. SINCLAIR,

Assistant Adjutant-General, Cavalry Command:

MAJOR: Your important dispatch received. We are now encamped on Soddy Creek, 3 miles from Eldridge's Ford, with a guard at the ford, and ready to re-enforce it in case of its being attacked. Should no attack be made this evening, I will move on, leaving two companies and two pieces of artillery to guard the ford, with instructions t intrench themselves. I inclose Colonel Atkins' dispatch received last night.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

GEORGE CROOK,

Brigadier-General, Commanding.

[Inclosure.]
HDQRS. NINETY-SECOND ILLINOIS VOLUNTEERS,Harrison's Landing, Tenn., September 26, 1863-4 p.m.

Captain Mrs. Puckett, of Harrison,just came to the river bank and reports that a large number of rebel soldiers were passing north.

