
The rebel soldiers said there were 40,000 and that they were going up to Eldridge's Ford, 12 miles above here, to cross the river.

Respectfully,

S. D. ATKINS,

Colonel Ninety-second Illinois Volunteers.
HEADQUARTERS SECOND CAVALRY DIVISION,Smith's Cross-Roads, September 27, 1863-5 p.m.

Major WILLIAM H. SINCLAIR,

Assistant Adjutant-General:

MAJOR: We are now encamped at this place, and have heard nothing of any enemy. There is little or no corn upon the road we have come; I understand there is considerable on the river. We will be in Washington to-morrow at 10 a.m. Colonel Minty leaves the Seventh Pennsylvania to picket the river from the left of the Third Ohio, at Thatcher's Ford, to Blythe's Ford.

The river is patrolled all along. I understand there are a great many places shallow enough to be forded by infantry and cavalry.

Respectfully, your obedient servant,

GEORGE CROOK,

Brigadier-General, Commanding.
HDQRS. NINETY-SECOND ILLINOIS VOLUNTEERS,Harrison's Landing, Tenn., September 27, 1863-7 a.m.

Captain ALEXANDER A. RICE,

Assistant Adjutant-General:

CAPTAIN: The enemy occupy the opposite side of the river; generally quiet. During the night, rumbling noises were heard moving up the river, like the moving of heavy wagon trains or artillery. A regiment of cavalry moved up the river in the night; were heard plainly as they crossed a little bridge.

Respectfully, your obedient servant,

S. D. ATKINS,

Colonel Ninety-second Illinois Volunteers.
HEADQUARTERS SECOND MICHIGAN CAVALRY,Dallas, Tenn., September 27, 1863.

Major SINCLAIR,

Assistant Adjutant-General, Cavalry Command:

MAJOR: I have the honor to report that I received the order directing me to report to cavalry headquarters with my command. The reason I do not report to-day is because two of my companies are stationed 13 miles off, by the course of the road, and they will probably not here till evening. I sent a note to them yesterday to report here last evening as soon as they were relieved. But it appears they were not relieved. I have accordingly dispatched an officer for them, and he will see that they are relieved, and report back here as soon as possible. But I do not expect them here in time for the command to start this evening. Will march toward Chattanooga early to-morrow a.m.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

L. S. SCRANTON,

Major, Commanding.

