
of the Tennessee. The enemy is thus disposed: Longstreet left, Buckner center, Polk right, Hill at Tyner's and Cleveland, watching Harrison. Your cavalry and mounted infantry must smash the East Tennessee and Georgia Railroad.

They are now running cars to Cleveland. If need be, our cavalry will help and crush them out. Your wagons can bring your supplies of the Tennessee. Take care of that steam-boat. Let me hear from you.

W. S. ROSECRANS,

Major-General.

CUMBERLAND GAP, September 27, 1863.

Major General A. E. BURNSIDE:

I am ready; artillery in position prepared for action. Infantry disposed for repelling an approach on the Virginia, Harlan, and Tazewell road. I have sent couriers to notify trains to stop where they can obtain forage, and await orders. I have detained a drove of horses and two hundred and forty cattle for the Twenty-third Corps, which is 10 miles out on the Jacksborough road. What orders shall I give them? I sent an order to hasten up such subsistence as the courier might meet this side of Barboursville.

I have telegraphed to learn the location of trains and troops between this and Crab Orchard. Superintendent Gross forbids an answer. I have communicated your instructions to him. I can hold the gap ten days, with my subsistence, and indefinitely if supplies come up. I will telegraph in detail soon.

W. C. LEMERT,

Colonel, Commanding.
HDQRS. SECOND BRIG., THIRD DIV., 23rd ARMY CORPS,Concord, September 27, 1863-8 p.m.

Major-General BURNSIDE, or

Brigadier-General HASCALL,

Knoxville:

GENERAL: Reports that I consider reliable have reached me that the enemy was on the Little Tennessee to-day and advancing. I am told that they crossed the river at or near Morganton at 2 o'clock. Morganton is 27 miles from here. The parties from whom I have my information are reliable Unionists who have come some distance to give it. It is said that they are en route to Knoxville. I will be on the lookout here, but feel the want of a small mounted force.

I have the honor to be, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

DANIEL CAMERON,

Colonel, Commanding Second Brigade.

P. S.-The force is said by some to be 50,000 strong. I give the statement as I have received it.

