
side, remove the negroes, and remove or destroy the cotton. He is also directed to organize batteries of artillery to operate on that shore, and fire upon river boats. One object in breaking up the plantations is to prevent our receiving any information of rebel movements. All persons in the Trans-Mississippi District who manifest any desire for reconstruction of the Union are to be severely punished. Funds are to be sent via Havana and Matamoras, and thence to Arkansas, under military escort furnished by General Magruder. A million of dollars have been sent to Shreveport, La., and more be forwarded across the Mississippi as opportunities may occur.

The Postmaster-General establishes Shreveport and Camden as general mail depots west of the Mississippi, to and from which points the mails are to be sent across the river as opportunities occur.

There are extensive powder-mills at Arkadelphia, Ark. Niter beds and iron mines are to be extensively worked in Texas. Niter is scarce, but no complaints about sulphur. Iron for railroads and machinery scarce. All iron and iron mines and works to be hired, purchased, or impressed for the Government. Arms scarce in Arkansas.

It is said that the fall of Vicksburg and Port Hudson has been favorable to the rebel cause by the reaction of public feeling and a determination to avenge the loss. The rebel ranks are filling up much more rapidly than before.

[Indorsement.]
HEADQUARTERS OF THE ARMY,Washington, September 28, 1863.

Major-General GRANT,

Comdg., &amp;c., Vicksburg, Miss.:

The foregoing memoranda are taken from intercepted official rebel dispatches dated from August 1 to August 18, 1863.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

H. W. HALLECK,

General-in-Chief.

VICKSBURG, MISS.,

September 28, 1863.

Brigadier-General CORSE:

GENERAL: Since General Sherman's dispatch to you the quartermaster has reported that a sufficient number of boats will be in readiness to embark your division by 6 p.m. to-day. You will, therefore, put your troops in motion at once for this place. Your entire division should leave here by Wednesday morning.

By order of Major General U. S. Grant:

JNumbers A. RAWLINS,

Brigadier-General and Acting Assistant Adjutant-General.

SAULSBURY,

Pocahontas:

All the trestles on my part of the railroad will be guarded to-night. One of my companies killed a guerrilla last night at a railroad

