
lery on Lookout Mountain. When they left Crawfish Spring, the prisoners (wounded, &amp;c.) were being paroled previous to being sent to Atlanta, and Wheeler's cavalry the only troops seen.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

HORACE N. FISHER,

Lieutenant-Colonel and Assistant Inspector-General.

GENERAL ORDERS, HDQRS. THIRD DIV., 20TH ARMY CORPS,

Numbers 69 Chattanooga, September 28, 1863.

I. Colonel F. T. Sherman, Eighty-eight Illinois Infantry Volunteers, having reported at these headquarters, is hereby assigned to the command of the First Brigade of this division in the place of Brigadier General W. H. Lytle, killed in action September 20, 1863.

II. Colonel N. H. Walworth, Forty-second Illinois Infantry Volunteers, is assigned to the command of the Third Brigade of this division during the absence of Colonel L. P. Bradley, wounded in action September 19, 1863.

By command of Major-General Sheridan:

GEORGE LEE,

Assistant Adjutant-General.
HDQRS. SECOND DIVISION, TWENTY-FIRST ARMY CORPS,Chattanooga, September 28, 1863.

Brigadier General J. A. GARFIELD,

Chief of Staff:

GENERAL: Nothing is clearer than that important changes must be made in the organization of this army before it again takes the field. I am so much impressed with this that I beg through you to inform the general commanding that as soon as the safety of the army is placed beyond doubt, I will either tender my resignation or ask to be relieved from further duty in this department. Without being more particular I will only add that the general commanding this army ought to see to it that the lives of the brave men who compose this army and the honor and safety of the country are intrusted only to men who have his full confidence.

I am, very respectfully,

JNumbers M. PALMER,

Major-General.
HDQRS. THIRD DIVISION, TWENTY-FIRST ARMY CORPS,September 28, 1863.

Captain E. A. OTIS,

Assistant Adjutant-General:

SIR: Our picket line has been undisturbed within the last twenty-four hours, except by a few sharpshooters at a house and in trees; as is usual, they fire at officers and bodies of men only. Two pieces of artillery were seen moving through the woods yesterday. Last night about tattoo two bands were playing and there was a great

