HEADQUARTERS FIRST CAVALRY DIVISION,Bridgeport, Ala., September 28, 1863.

Major W. H. SINCLAIR,

Assistant Adjutant-General, Cavalry Corps:

MAJOR: I have the honor to report that I arrived here yesterday afternoon with the Second Indiana Cavalry, the regiment which took the river road. Colonel Ray, with the First Wisconsin and Fourth Indiana Cavalry and the train, has not yet arrived here, and his dispatch to me states that he does not expect to reach here with the train till to-night.

I am going this morning to Caperton's Ferry, near which I think I shall make my headquarters. Colonel Campbell has established his headquarters at Pump Spring, Ala., about 3 miles south of Bolivar and 1 miles up the river from Caperton's Ferry. He has pickets at Caperton's and Cox's Ferries and Cedar Bluff Ford. The Fourth and Sixth Kentucky have been sent by Colonel Campbell to Bellefonte. I shall draw them in from that point, merely picketing it. General Morgan has a sufficient infantry picket at Shallow Ford.

I desire, if possible, to have four days' rest here with the division, and in this time can, I think, have the command in as good a condition as when it left Triune last June.

I can get horses and horse equipments enough at Stevenson to mount all my dismounted men, and can procure overcoats for the command there.

I am, major, your very obedient servant,

E. M. McCOOK,

Colonel, Commanding.
HEADQUARTERS SECOND EAST TENNESSEE CAVALRY,Jasper, September 28, 1863-10 a.m.

Major SINCLAIR,

Assistant Adjutant-General, Cavalry Corps:

SIR: I have the honor to report everything quiet in this neighborhood this morning. There are two squadrons of my command still posted on the river according to instructions from Colonel McCook. The enemy is making no demonstration on the other side that we can discover.

I am, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

W. R. COOK,

Lieutenant-Colonel, Comdg. Second East Tenn. Cavalry.
HEADQUARTERS FIFTH KENTUCKY CAVALRY,September 28, 1863.

Major SINCLAIR,

Assistant Adjutant-General:

MAJOR: This day has passed as quietly as usual. A citizen informed me this morning that a body of rebel cavalry was yesterday encamped in Lookout Valley, about 4 miles from here; reported 3,000 strong. He only saw 5 or 6, and took their statements as to strength. Did not know whose command. None have been seen along the river. I have nothing else of interest to communicate.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

W. T. HOBLITZELL,

Lieutenant-Colonel Fifth Kentucky Cavalry.

