
WAR DEPARTMENT,

Washington, September 29, 1863-12 noon.

Major-General HURLBUT,

Memphis, Tenn.:

I have heard nothing from you since the 18th. I directed that you keep me advised of all movements and the number of troops sent forward. This is important and should not be neglected.

H. W. HALLECK,

General-in-Chief.
HEADQUARTERS SIXTEENTH ARMY CORPS,Memphis, Tenn., September 29, 1863.

Brig. General JOHN A. RAWLINS,

A. A. G., Dept. of the Tennessee, Vicksburg, Miss.:

GENERAL: I have waited until the last moment that I might send the very latest dispatches, but none come. The river is so low as very seriously to impede navigation.

Osterhaus' division is moving by rail to Corinth, and will get through by to-night or to-morrow. I have filled all his requisitions and he is in order for the field. John E. Smith's division comes up without camp or garrison equipage, shelter-tents or blankets, all of which, he informs me, are below. I hold them near Memphis until these necessaries are supplied.

I have a heavy supply and ordnance train organized and ready to move whenever directed.

It is manifestly of no special advantage to move now unless it be to cover Nashville and the communications. At all events, as I understand General Halleck's wishes, we are to hold on until ordered. I dislike to throw troops from this line to Rosecrans, because they will be lost forever; nothing returns from the Cumberland army.

If not ordered off, I shall move in a few days to Columbus, Miss., and thence, or rather under cover of that move, send Spencer with the Alabama cavalry to Montgomery, to destroy the Montgomery and West Point road and the steamers between Selma and Montgomery. This is all prepared for if we are not ordered away.

Lee is raising quite a force from Columbus to Grenada and needs breaking up. I shall smash him effectually when we go on the Columbus expedition.

Your obedient servant,

S. A. HURLBUT,

Major-General.
HDQRS. CAVALRY DIVISION, SIXTEENTH ARMY CORPS,Memphis, Tenn., September 29, 1863.

Lieutenant-Colonel BINMORE,

Assistant Adjutant-General, Sixteenth Army Corps:

COLONEL: I have the honor to report that a detachment sent from Germantown yesterday morning, by my order, has returned.

They went south of the Coldwater, found no enemy in force, heard of none.

I am, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

EDWARD HATCH,

Colonel, Commanding.

