HEADQUARTERS DISTRICT OF COLUMBUS,Columbus, Ky., September 29, 1863.

Lieutenant Colonel HENRY BINMORE,

Assistant Adjutant-General, Sixteenth Army Corps:

COLONEL: I have the honor to report that the two regiments of infantry ordered from this district to proceed to Louisville, Ky., and for further instructions to Major-General Rosecrans, left this post via Cairo, Ill., as follows: The Thirty-first Regiment Wisconsin Infantry, Colonel I. E. Messmore commanding, from the post of Columbus, the 24th instant; the One hundred and first Illinois Infantry, Colonel Charles H. Fox, commanding, from Union City on the 25th (six companies) and 27th (four companies) instant; the One hundred and thirty-first Regiment Illinois Volunteer Infantry, now stationed at Paducah, Ky., was consolidated, in obedience to instructions from headquarters Sixteenth Army Corps (East and West District, Numbers 302), dated 2nd September, 1863, into four companies on the 16th instant. Herewith please find the order for consolidation issued from these headquarters.

I am, colonel, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

A. J. SMITH,

Brigadier-General.

[Inclosure.]
SPECIAL ORDERS, HDQRS. DISTRICT OF COLUMBUS,Numbers 230. Columbus, Ky., September 14, 1863.

* * * * * * * * * * *

II. The One hundred and thirty-first Regiment Illinois Volunteer Infantry having been reduced to less than one-half the maximum number required by existing orders, in compliance with instructions from headquarters Department of the Tennessee, the companies of said regiment will be consolidated into four companies, in the manner designated by General Orders, Numbers 86, current series, from the War Department. The commanding office of each company that is merged by the consolidation will turn in to the officer of the proper department all surplus ordnance and other Government property in his possession pertaining to that department, taking proper receipts therefor.

Captain William S. Burns, Fourth Missouri Cavalry, and acting assistant inspector-general for the District of Columbus, will select the company officers to be retained under this order, and his selections will be ratified by the general commanding.

By order of Brigadier General A. J. Smith:

J. HOUGH,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

FORTRESS MONROE, VA., September 29, 1863.

(Received 11 a.m.)

Major General H. W. HALLECK,

General-in-Chief:

The Richmond Examiner of the 26th is received by flag-of-truce boat. The following are extract:

ATLANTA, September 25.

Several trains with wounded and prisoners have arrived. Reports of the condition of affairs above are conflicting. We are inclined to believe that the enemy are

