
fortifying Chattanooga. Our lines are within 4 miles of that place. There was no fighting yesterday. Rosecrans sent in two flags of truce asking permission to bury their dead and relieve the wounded. Bragg rejected both. Spencer Kellogg was hung as spy and deserter at Camp Lee last Friday.

Editorial: After two distinct reports of the recapture of Chattanooga we have now the intelligence that the enemy is still in possession of that stronghold and strengthening its works.

* * * * * * * * * * *

J. G. FOSTER,

Major-General.

FORTRESS MONROE, September 29, 1863.

(Received 7.40 p.m.)

Major ECKERT:

The following from Richmond papers of 28th and 29th:

ATLANTA, September 26.

The train last night from Ringgold ran off the track 4 miles above Marietta and is not yet in. No lives lost. Mr. Adair writes from Ringgold yesterday to the Confederacy that General Wheeler with his his cavalry is over the river and General Forrest is in the right place. A Confederate officer has just arrived who was wounded and a prisoner Saturday and detained in a Yankee hospital until Monday, when he was relieved by Forrest's cavalry. He saw General Rosecrans on Sunday at 12 m., and did not perceive any marks of wounds. On Sunday night rockets were seen toward Harrison, which to the Yankees was a signal of the approach of General Burnside with 40,000 re-enforcements. A heavy Confederate force was before Chattanooga and Harrison.

ATLANTA, September 26.

Our lines extend around Chattanooga within striking distance of the enemy. Our force are well up to the front. Full supplies of commissary and hospital stores are closed at hand. On Wednesday night our cavalry occupied Cooper's Gap, on Lookout Mountain, 12 miles from Chattanooga. That night General Wheeler made a reconnaissance toward Lookout Mountain; found an infantry force of the enemy and drove them away. The mountain is now held by General Longstreet. The enemy's operations are plainly visible from Lookout. Rosecrans has two lines of defense on the road to Chattanooga, 600 yards apart. He has one pontoon-bridge across the river which is crowded with wagons, and the impression is that he brings them over as they are needed. General Longstreet commands the river and rail-road below Chattanooga. General Hood was doing well Thursday. Our loss in killed and wounded will not exceed 12,000. The Yankee loss in killed, wounded, and prisoners will reach 28,000. Five Yankee hospitals are in our hands full of wounded. The enemy's haversacks contain corn-bread only. Prisoners state that they were four days on short rations. The bridge over the East Chickamauga River is repaired, and trains will go to our lines to-morrow.

ATLANTA, September 26.

Officers from General Hood's division train just in report that they left Lookout Mountain yesterday morning. That important position was then held by Hood's division, now commanded by General Jenkins. It is not supposed that an assault will be made, as we command the situation and need not sacrifice the lives of our troops. When the train left the burnt bridge station this morning, heavy cannonading was heard. On Thursday night the enemy made two attempts on our lines. They were driven back both time to their intrenchments. Further news of a cheering character has been received it is not deemed prudent to communicate.

SHELDON.

CHATTANOOGA, TENN., September 29, 1863-12 m.

(Received 2.50 a.m, 30th.)

Major General H. W. HALLECK,

General-in-Chief:

I would not advise the withdrawal of our forces from East Tennessee. Kingston should be strongly garrisoned, the bulk of the

