
troops concentrated for movements in any direction, and cavalry thrown this way to co-operate with us. If troops from Mississippi and the Potomac reach us soon, and with the expected strength, it will be sufficient for our success. It is now too late for Burnside to more than protect our flank; but his troops should be held in readiness to help us in case of emergency. Don't hear from Grant's troops.

W. S. ROSECRANS,

Major-General.

(Copy to General Burnside.)

CHATTANOOGA, September 29, 1863.

E. D. TOWNSEND,

Assistant Adjutant-General, Washington, D. C.:

Your dispatch giving substance of General Orders, Numbers 322, says:

"Twelfth and Twenty-first Corps are consolidated;" don't you mean Twentieth and Twenty-first? Answer.

W. S. ROSECRANS,

Major-General.
HEADQUARTERS DEPARTMENT OF THE CUMBERLAND,Chattanooga, September 29, 1863.

General BRAXTON BRAGG,

Commanding Department of the Tennessee:

GENERAL: I am in receipt of your letter of the 28th instant, acknowledging the receipt of Major-General McCook's letter requesting permission to remove the bodies of certain officers left on the field of Chickamauga, and informing me that under the direction of my medical officers now on the field the bodies of general officers may be removed with the wounded. I thank you for this kind act, and shall avail myself of the permission thus given.

I am, sir, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

W. S. ROSECRANS,

Major-General, Commanding.
HEADQUARTERS DEPARTMENT OF THE CUMBERLAND,Chattanooga, September 29, 1863.

THOMAS A. SCOTT:

Your dispatch received. All the eastern troops must concentrate at Bridgeport, with all possible dispatch. Every effort and will must be bent to this. Please report progress frequently. We will want to secure our command.

Your second just received. Orders will be given accordingly. No difficulty about sparing cars a few days. We must add rolling stock to our line for future. Please confer with Colonels Innes and Hodges on this subject. Hodges will be in Nashville to-night.

ROSECRANS.

