
impressment of negroes to labor on said roads-to the number of 8,000 if deemed necessary. He will, at the earliest practicable moment, place the working force on the road to grade it from Lebanon to vicinity of Danville and co-operate with the officers of the road in the construction of it and urge forward the work with all possible dispatch. He will also commence as soon as practicable the work of grading the road from Nicholasville to Danville. While discretion is given to General Boyle in the appropriation of the labor, it is important that the road from Lebanon to Danville and thence to Somerset be pressed forward to completion at the earliest possible moment, and the road from Lebanon to Danville presenting the least formidable difficulties; he is directed to give attention to construction of that road first, but to carry on the construction of both roads at the same time.

II. Brigadier-General Boyle is authorized and directed to detail line officers as quartermasters and commissaries to perform duties as such in supplying laborers on the roads. He is authorized and directed to make requisitions on quartermasters for wagons, carts, picks, shovels, spades, tents, and all articles needed in construction of the roads, and he will order commissaries to supply labores, and quartermasters and commissaries will fill such requisition. He will make requisitions for mules and horses needed in the construction of the said roads.

III. Brigadier-General Boyle is authorized and directed to employ citizens to aid in the work of building the roads, and to pay for such services at rates in no case to exceed $5 per day for the principal agents, and such services will be paid by the quartermasters monthly.

By command of Major-General Burnside:

W. P. ANDERSON,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

CRAB ORCHARD, August 20, 1863.

General PARKE:

Please report the position of the regiments of Ninth Corps. How soon can you send two brigades to the front.

A. E. BURNSIDE,

Major-General.

CINCINNATI, August 20, 1863.

Major-General BURNSIDE:

Crab Orchard, Ky.:

The First Division is at Camp Nelson. The Second at Covington, excepting one regiment not yet arrived. Will telegraph you as soon as I can find out from Ferrero how soon I can send you two brigades. Summer will be down to-morrow. He was mustered out by virtue of an order from the War Department.

J. G. PARKE,

Major-General.

