
be cleared and then I should come on. My troops were held in readiness till 12.30, the roads not having been cleared at all, but a stream of troops constantly passing over them. At that hour I received a message from the general commanding the army to move without the road being cleared, which was obeyed without a moment's delay, Colonel Grose moving in my rear.

The general commanding the army stated that the exigencies of the times should have mollified my close observance of punctilio. I can only say that with or without an exigency I am always ready to perform all my duties with alacrity when they are made known to me, and I can conceive of no exigency nor the lack of one, which should cause me to do differently. I have furnished copies of this communication to each of the general officers present on the occasion if question, and to Messrs. Dana and Nesmith.

I am, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

W. B. HAZEN,

Brigadier-General.

[Inclosure Numbers 1.]
HDQRS. SECOND BRIG., SECOND DIV., 21ST ARMY CORPS,Chattanooga, September 23, 1863.

General JOHN BEATTY:

DEAR SIR: You will recollect of calling at my quarters on the evening of the 18th instant, saying to me that you had been sent out to occupy the ground of my brigade, and my reply that I had not been relieved. Will you have the goodness to state in writing whether you carried to me any message from any one, and whether you left authorized to relieve me yourself, or whether you came merely to occupy my ground, supposing that some other authority had or would relieve me. Be pleased to state further if you discovered in my manner, on that occasion, a disposition "to stand upon punctilio," and in fact state all you recollect about the interview.

I am, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

W. B. HAZEN,

Brigadier-General.

[Inclosure No. 2.]

A.
HDQRS. FIRST BRIG., SECOND DIV., 14TH ARMY CORPS,Chattanooga, Tenn., September 27, 1863.

General W. B. HAZEN:

DEAR SIR: In reply to your note of yesterday I would state that on the evening of the 18th instant, when near Crawfish Spring, I was ordered by Major-General Negley to relieve you . I marched my brigade on the ground occupied by you, halted it on the road near your quarters, called and told you that I had been ordered to relieve you. You remarked that you had no orders to leave, and suggested that I had better move on the ground to the right of your troops. I told you that I had been ordered to occupy the ground of your brigade and relieve your pickets. You said again you knew nothing about it; that you had no orders. I remained near you until the facts were reported to General Negley, when I received an order to move forward in the direction of Crawfish Spring.

