
As to whether I was authorized to relieve you, I would state that I had been ordered by General Negley to do so, and that there might be no unnecessary delay, I had sent my acting brigade inspector in advance to ascertain where your pickets were posted and soon after reported to you myself with the brigade. I had no message for you, and no other authority for relieving you than that stated. You said to me on that occasion that your position was a good one or a strong one, and I inferred at the time from this that you desired to remain. This, general, is al I recollect about the interview, except that you had the kindness to invite me to supper.

Respectfully, your obedient servant,

JNumbers BEATTY,

Brigadier-General.

[Inclosure No. 3.]
HDQRS. SECOND BRIG., SECOND DIV., 21 ST ARMY CORPS,Chattanooga, September 25, 1863.

Major General JAMES S. NEGLEY:

DEAR GENERAL: On the night of September 18, at Crawfish Spring the general commanding the army stated to me that you had reported to him that when you rode up to my quarters the previous evening I had treated you with rudeness; had refused to be relieved by you; had "stood upon punctilio" in the matter, and had showed a want of earnestness in my duties. Will you have the kindness to state in writing all the circumstances connected with that interview, and upon which these grave allegations are made? Be pleased to state also if you conveyed any order or message to me, or informed me if you were authorized to relieve me.

I am, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

W. B. HAZEN,

Brigadier-General.

[Inclosure No. 4.]

B.
HDQRS. SECOND DIVISION, FOURTEENTH ARMY CORPS,Chattanooga, Tenn., September 28, 1863.

Brigadier General WILLIAM B. HAZEN,

Comdg. Second Brig., Second Div., 21st Army Corps:

DEAR SIR: I have the honor to reply to your note of the 27th instant, and cheerfully repeat the statement, as far as I can remember, which I made to General Rosecrans and in the presence of General Beatty that you had no orders to change your position; that when I inquired of you where your lines were, you treated my inquiries with nonchalance, and did not rise from the ground, or give that official attention to my object as the pressing exigencies of the time seemed to demand; that I dislike such treatment from an officer for whom I had always entertained the highest respect, especially as the delay in getting the troops into position resulted in great discomfort and fatigue to my command.

This, general, I believe was the purport of my remarks and as they were made in a spirit of intense vexation, which was made more

