
painful from acute illness,it is possible that I exhibited more feeling than was necessary, certainly more than I intended to be personal to you. The reference to your individual attitude toward me, which I have no reason to believe was intentionally disrespectful, was incidentally made, and not intended as an official complaint. I regret exceedingly that it did occur, and so expressed myself to General Crittenden the next morning. From the conversation which I subsequently heard at General Rosecrans' headquarters the same evening. I was left undecided as to the true cause of delay, therefore have not referred to the matter since in any way that would be unpleasant to you as an officer or a gentleman.

I am, obliged to you for this opportunity of disabusing your mind of any false impressions and assuring you that my intentions were not unfriendly or disrespectful.

I have the honor to remain, yours, very truly,

JAS. S. NEGLEY,

Major-General.

[Inclosure No. 5.]

C.
HDQRS. SECOND DIV., TWENTY-FIRST ARMY CORPS,September 18, 1863. (Received 7.30 p.m.)

Brigadier-General HAZEN,

Commanding Second Brigade:

GENERAL: You will hold your command in readiness to move. The division marches to-night to the left of Gordon's Mills. You will follow Colonel Grose as soon as he is relieved by General Negley, as he will march on being relieved.

By order of Major-General Palmer:

J. R. MUHLEMAN,

Captain and Assistant Adjutant-General.

[Inclosure Numbers 6.]

D.
HDQRS. SECOND DIV., TWENTY-FIRST ARMY CORPS,September 18, 1863-7 p.m. (Received 8.30 p.m.)

Brigadier-General HAZEN,

Commanding Second Brigade:

GENERAL: The general commanding having gone forward to select the new position of this division, he directs that General Cruft take command of the division on this march, and you will receive orders from him. The order of camping on arriving on the ground will be as follows to wit: You will take the right and form in double column; Colonel Grose will form in double column likewise on your left, and General Cruft will form in one line in the rear of Colonel Grose.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

J. R. MUHLEMAN,

Captain and Assistant Adjutant-General.

