HEADQUARTERS FIRST CAVALRY DIVISION,Near Bridgeport, September 29, 1863.

Major W. H. SINCLAIR,

Assistant Adjutant-General, Cavalry Corps:

MAJOR: I visited our line yesterday as far as Stevenson. Colonel Campbell had gone to Bellefonte, having heard that the enemy were crossing at that point on rafts. He returned last night, the information proving incorrect. All is quiet, and no attempt has been made to cross between Chattanooga and Bellefonte. You know that our weakest point is to the right of Stevenson, and the only way the line can be thoroughly protected is by stationing troops at Huntsville, Paint Rock, &amp;c., as you did before. General Morgan thinks no force has crossed the river yet, expect probably a small one, possibly a regiment, at Guntersville. I will send a scout to that place to-day, to ascertain and report on their return. I will keep the Second Brigade here, the other two near Caperton's Ferry, 3 1/2 miles from Stevenson. They can be readily concentrated at any point where they may be needed, and I think this is a better disposition of the force than to concentrate it all at one point but you are of course aware that so long as the roads and ferries about Huntsville are open, the enemy can at any time cross and strike the line of railroad. Most of our trains going both ways encamp near the crossing of Sequatchie River, about 8 miles northeast of Jasper and 20 or 22 miles from Chattanooga. There is cavalry both above and below this point, but might it not be well to post some infantry at the place so long as the trains are passing in such numbers? A few men getting into the parks might do a great deal of harm.

I inclose a list of corps, divisions, &c., represented by part of the prisoners sent through here.

I am, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

E. M. McCOOK,

Colonel, Commanding.

P. S.- I shall probably get the horse to-morrow.
HEADQUARTERS SECOND EAST TENNESSEE CAVALRY,Jasper, September 29, 1863-9 a.m.

Major SINCLAIR,

Asst. Adjt. General, Cavalry Corps, Chattanooga:

MAJOR: Everything quiet in this vicinity. Two squadrons posted as before on the river. Nothing further to communicate.

I am, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

W. R. COOK,

Lieutenant-Colonel, Comdg. Second East Tennessee Cavalry.
HEADQUARTERS SECOND CAVALRY DIVISION,Near Washington, September 29, 1863- 9 a.m.

Major WILLIAM H. SINCLAIR,

Assistant Adjutant-General:

MAJOR: I have the honor to report all quiet, and nothing of importance to communicate.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

GEORGE CROOK,

Brigadier-General, Commanding.

