
 [CHAP. XLII.
CINCINNATI, August 20, 1863.

Major-General BURNSIDE,

Crab Orchard, Ky.:

The Ninth Army Corps has all passed here except one regiment. Can I have a few days' leave after I close up my papers?

W. H. FRENCH,

Captain.

CINCINNATI, August 20, 1863.

General FERRERO,

Camp Nelson, Ky.:

General Parke wishes to know soon you can send two brigades to the front, their strength, &amp;c.

N. BOWEN,

Assistant Adjutant-General.
HEADQUARTERS ARMY OF THE OHIO,Crab Orchard, August 20, 1863.

General HARTSUFF,

Commanding Twenty-third Army Corps:

You will please order General Hascall's division to move at an early hour to-morrow morning through Somerset, and, if possible, make Smith's Ford, on the Cumberland, in two days. It will probably occupy most of the third day in crossing the river and getting the rains up on to the ridge, from which place he will probably be able to reach Chitwood's in two days-that is, on the night of the 25th.

The supply train under Captain Boyd will be turned over to Colonel Goulding and Colonel Ellis, and will accompany General Hascall's division. The ordnance train will also accompany that division. You will make the necessary arrangements for the protection of these trains. At Chitwood's I will probably communicate with you, as I shall go in that direction with General Carter's column. Should I not, you will move your command down in the direction of Montgomery to the crossing of New River, some 3 to 5 miles west of Huntsville, where you will communicate with the division moving to Jamestown by way of the Huntsville and Jamestown road.

The cavalry brigade under Colonel Wolford at Somerset you will use in your discretion to protect the rear and right flanks of the train and to scout in advance.

The division at Columbia you will also order to move at an early hour to-morrow morning in the direction of Jamestown, Tenn., by way of Creelsborough, Albany, and Pall Mall. It will be able to reach Creelsborough to-morrow evening, and will occupy most of Saturday in making arrangements for crossing the command, by which time the remainder of the division, with the forage and supply trains, should be at Creelsborough, after which he can move to Albany in one day, and from thence to Jamestown in a day. This last march may require more than a day; at all events, his advance ought to reach Jamestown by the night of the 25th. A portion of Wolford's cavalry should be sent out from Monticello, to communicate with General White's division at or near Albany, and proceed in

