
LOUISVILLE, September 29, 1863.

Major-General BURNSIDE:

Received no dispatch as to situation. Answered dispatch as received, and it is taken by General Manson. He must be near Jamestown, Tenn. Everything quiet in Kentucky. Troops from Cairo arriving. General Hooker with large number of troops to arrive to-day and for several days. Reported 30,000 from the Potomac to re-enforce Rosecrans. Can send 6,000 per day.

Dispatches from Washington censure you. I have corrected them in the papers. Dispatch says your resignation accepted. Don't believe it. I am satisfied great trouble will grow out of railroad, and especially to me, if the people conclude to sue for wages of negroes and for trespass, &amp;c.

Secretary Stanton refuses to notice my dispatch sent him after I received his verbal orders through General Meigs that he would not approve expenditure and would not pay.

If you consent, I would like to telegraph the President on the subject.

It is unjust to impose on you and me the responsibility after the verbal notice through Meigs.

J. T. BOYLE,

Brigadier-General.

MOUNT STERLING, September 29, 1863.

General BOYLE:

Five men belonging to Cockerell's scouts stationed here, and under my command, were captured last night 7 miles from this place by a party of a dozen rebels. After they were captured they were disarmed and stripped, marched a half a mile, drawn up in line on a bridge, and shot. Four were killed dead and 1 survives wounded. He was left for dead. I have taken his deposition and will forward it to you. I did not hear of the murder until this morning, and I fear the murderers have escaped.

C. C. MATSON,

Lieutenant-Colonel, Commanding.

HENDERSON, September 29, 1863.

Major-General BURNSIDE:

I sent out a reconnaissance this morning on the main Jonesborough road, which was met by a rebel force 11 miles from this place. I believe this force consisted of about regiment of cavalry. Another force was sent out 5 miles on same road, which returned at dark, but saw no enemy. I sent a party this morning across Snaps' Ferry road to Babb's Mill, which intersects the main road leading to Morristown, 19 miles from this place; they saw or heard nothing. I also sent a party to Bull's Gap which has not returned.

I saw a reliable citizen from Hawkins County, who gave information which confirmed your telegram of this morning.

JAS. P. T. CARTER.

