
GENERAL ORDERS, HDQRS. ARMY OF THE OHIO,

Numbers 15. Knoxville, Tenn., September 29, 1863.

For the purpose of relieving the character of Colonel John F. De Courcy from the injurious imputations which are cast upon it by certain false and calumnious reports charging him with acts of which he was innocent, the commanding general desires to state as an act of justice to Colonel De Courcy that he arrested him at Cumberland Gap solely for writing a letter to his commanding officer, Brigadier-General Shackelford at a moment which called for the most ready co-operation of every officer. Instead, however, of exhibiting such a spirit, this letter is a tissue of vanity, consisting of puerile personal details, and closing with a sentence highly insubordinate in its nature and which implies that he can perform a work to which the verbal message alluded to in his first sentence showed that he was wholly unequal. In charity to Colonel De Courcy his verbal message is not inserted.

For this letter Colonel De Courcy was arrested and relieved from his command, and no officer will be allowed to remain in this army who displays such a tendency to allow his vanity and presumption to outweigh his patriotism and the public good.

By command of Major-General Burnside:

LEWIS RICHMOND,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

HENDERSON, September 29, 1863.

General CARTER:

The rebels are advancing on the main Jonesborough road; probably a only a cavalry reconnaissance. Our scouting party met them 12 miles distant and had to fall back. I have sent re-enforcements forward. I apprehend no formidable movement.

JAS. P. T. CARTER.

MORRISTOWN, September 29, 1863.

General BURNSIDE:

A reliable citizen of Rogersville just in reports Carter's rebel regiment crossed Holston River, 8 miles above Rogersville, yesterday and is traveling south in direction of Lick Creek Bridge. Another regiment came to that county yesterday from direction of Morrison's Gap, which it was said was to form a junction with Carter's at Russellville or this place.

It was also reported that the third regiment was coming down state road from direction of Kingston. All the force consisted of cavalry. He heard of no artillery.

The deportment of rebel citizens was such as to induce the belief that they are expecting rebel forces. If a regiment of infantry could be sent up this p.m. to this place, had I not better send Twelfth Kentucky Infantry and two pieces of artillery to Lick Creek Bridge? There are 400 stand of arms and ammunition for same at Russellville not yet distributed. Had they not better be brought back to this place?

WM. A. HOSKINS,

[Colonel Twelfth Kentucky Infantry.]

*For correspondence, see Part II, pp. 596, 597.

