
 [CHAP. XLII.HDQRS. FOURTH DIVISION, FIFTEENTH ARMY CORPS,On Board Steamer Luminary, September 30, 1863.

Colonel J. M. LOOMIS,

Commanding First Brigade:

So soon as your command is embarked with transportation loaded you will at once proceed up the river to Griffith's Landing, where you can procure fuel for the transports under your command. Take proper precautions to guard against surprises from dangerous points along the river, and inform the captains of boats that they will be held responsible to the extent of their information in regard to this matter. You will remain at the landing until General Smith arrives, from whom you will then receive orders.

By order of Brigadier General John M. Corse:

E. B. HARLAN,

Acting Assistant Adjutant-General.

WAR DEPARTMENT,

Washington, September 30, 1863-11.10 p.m.

Major-General HURLBUT,

Memphis, Tenn.:

Your dispatch of 27th received. All available forces must be pushed on toward General Rosecrans as fast as possible. Your attention must be directed particularly to repair of railroad and the transportation of supplies toward Decatur.

H. W. HALLECK,

General-in-Chief.
HEADQUARTERS SIXTEENTH ARMY CORPS,Memphis, Tenn., September 30, 1863.

Brigadier-General CARR,

Corinth, Miss.:

Send some good man to penetrate as far east as Decatur and return as soon as practicable with information as to any movements in that direction.

S. A. HURLBUT,

Major-General.

WAR DEPARTMENT,

September 30, 1863-6.30 p.m.

Major C. A. DANA,

Nashville:

Your action retaining Surgeon Clendenin is approved. Report whether medical assistance and supplies are adequate. On Monday the President's order was sent to Rosecrans removing Crittenden and McCook, ordering them to Indianapolis for a court of inquiry, consolidating their corps, and appointing General Gordon Granger commander of the consolidated corps. If Hooker's command get safely through, all that the Army of the Cumberland can need will be a competent commander. The merit of General Thomas and the debt of gratitude the nation owes to his valor and skill are fully appreciated here, and I wish you to tell him so. It was not my fault that he was not in chief command months ago.

EDWIN M. STANTON.

