
WAR DEPARTMENT,

Washington, September 30, 1863-11 a.m.

Major-General ROSECRANS,

Chattanooga, Tenn.:

The advance of General Grant's re-enforcements were on their way from Vicksburg to Memphis on the 22nd . General Hurlbut was directed to report their movement from day to day, but he is probably unable to do so, having no telegraphic communication. Moreover, it is probable that all mail-boats were sent to Vicksburg for troops. I have no communication with General Burnside since he left Knoxville. Communicate to him directly what you wish him to do.

H. W. HALLECK,

General-in-Chief.

BATTLE CREEK,

September 30, 1863-3 p.m.

General GARFIELD:

The ammunition stored at Bridgeport blew up this p.m., having been fired by the careless handling of a box of percussion shell. First explosion occurred at 11 a.m. and explosions only ceased entirely at 2 p.m. Colonel Smith reports 20 men killed and wounded, of whom 6 were killed at once. I was at Jasper, and, fearing an attack on Bridgeport, returned to this point. Office will be near Prigmore's house at 6 this p.m.

Very respectfully,

J. C. VAN DUZER,

NASHVILLE,

September 30, 1863-10 a.m.

Brigadier General J. A. GARFIELD,

Chief of Staff, Chattanooga:

A portion of the Eleventh Army Corps passed through here this morning. The Twelfth Corps will soon be here. I learn that one division of Sherman's corps was at Louisville yesterday morning. Unless we get the mules from Louisville intended for General Rousseau's division, we cannot possibly get along. We can get no wagons either from Louisville or Cincinnati. I telegraphed General Meigs last night to give Colonel Myers authority to send me from Saint Louis wagons he had intended for General Banks. I hope this will be granted. I shall take all the spare wagons I can get hold of from the posts along the railroad, if not disapproved by the commanding general. Will you please give me and idea as to where the troops now coming in will be for the present.

HENRY C. HODGES,

Lieutenant-Colonel and Chief Quartermaster.
HEADQUARTERS DEPARTMENT OF THE CUMBERLAND,Chattanooga, September 30, 1863.

Colonel HODGES:

Your dispatch of 10 this morning received. The troops coming in will operate on the Lookout Valley line unless called northward.

