
advance of him to Jamestown, with orders to communicate with your advance on the Huntsville road, and to scout in the direction of Montgomery.

You will order Colonel Graham to get up all his trains to-night to Ray's Cross-Roads, and move from there at an early hour to-morrow morning to Livingston, via Tompkinsville and the most practicable crossing of the Cumberland for the cavalry. It may be well for him to send only some 2,500 of his men and a battery by this route, with nothing but the necessary forage and subsistence, and send the bulk of his train, with the remainder of his command to Burkesville, reaching Albany in advance of General White.

He ought to be able to accomplish his crossing with his main body by Saturday night, and reach Livingston on the night of the 23rd, and Jamestown on the 24th, sending back on the 25th in the direction of Albany to communicate with General White, and in the direction of Huntsville to communicate with you. It would be well if he could make his main body up to 3,000; but his train by way of Burkesville will need some protection, unless you should conclude to throw forward a considerable force of Wolford's force to Albany.

The command under General Carter will be directed in its movements by me, and will also move at an early hour to-morrow morning. My intention is that its advance will reach Williamsburg Saturday night, and, if possible, reach Chitwood's on Sunday night or early on Monday morning, from which point we will endeavor to communicate with you by couriers, and make demonstrations which will result in the evacuation of Big Creek and Cumberland Gaps.

At Chitwood's I hope to let a considerable portion of this command report to you directly and move in advance of your column in direction of Montgomery. There will thus be formed two columns to move on that place, one from Jamestown and the other from the crossing of New River.

In this movement, which is necessarily left to your discretion, I rely fully upon your good judgment.

The ordnance train, as you are aware, is of great value to us, and I desire to call your special attention to its protection.

Should you deem further instructions necessary, I shall be glad to give them to you verbally, and will be glad to see you at my headquarters at any rate this evening.

I am, general, very respectfully, yours,

A. E. BURNSIDE,

Major-General, Commanding Department.
HEADQUARTERS TWENTY-THIRD ARMY CORPS,Crab Orchard, Ky., August 20, 1863.

Brigadier General JULIUS WHITE,

Comdg. Second Division, Twenty-third Army Corps:

Move with your division to-morrow morning toward Jamestown, Tenn., via Creelsborough, Albany, and Pall Mall, reaching Jamestown possible, on the night of the 25th instant. Some of Colonel Wolford's cavalry will join you at Albany; use it in scouting in your from and toward Montgomery from Jamestown. On your arrival at Jamestown communicate with the advance of the Third Division,

