
which will be on the road from Jamestown to Huntsville, at the crossing of the road from Chitwood's to Montgomery, about 5 miles from Huntsville, or from that point, and will be found in the direction of Chitwood's.

The Twenty-fifth Michigan left Lebanon this morning. The One hundred and eighteenth Ohio is now at Lebanon. Give full instructions for their following and joining you, and if possible have them join at or before reaching Albany.

Enforce rapidly the general orders respecting marches, and communicate with me very fully from Jamestown respecting your march, condition, &amp;c. You will receive then further instructions.

Keep a line of couriers to Columbia until you arrive at Albany, and inform me by telegraph of your crossing and arrival at Albany.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

GEO. L. HARTSUFF,

Major-General, Commanding.
HEADQUARTERS TWENTY-THIRD ARMY CORPS,Crab Orchard, August 20, 1863.

Colonel F. W. GRAHAM,

Comdg. Second Brigade, Fourth Division, Glasgow, Ky.:

Get up all your wagons to-night and move from your present place at an early hour to-morrow morning to Livingston and Jamestown, Tenn., via Tompkinsville and the most practicable crossing of the Cumberland for the cavalry, with 2,500 men and a battery, and nothing but the necessary forage and subsistence. Send the bulk of your train with the remainder of your command via Burkesville to Albany and Jamestown. At Albany it will meet the Second Division under General White and move with it.

On reaching Jamestown communicate with me. I will be on the road from Jamestown to Huntsville at the crossing of the road from Chitwood's to Montgomery, or from that point toward Chitwood's.

Leave a line of couriers to Glasgow for sending and bringing telegraphic dispatches until you have crossed the Cumberland, then inform me by telegraph here of your crossing and condition, and draw in your couriers. Communicate also from Jamestown with the troops at Albany.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

GEO. L. HARTSUFF,

Major-General, Commanding.
HEADQUARTERS TWENTY-THIRD ARMY CORPS,Crab Orchard, Ky., August 20, 1863.

Colonel FRANK WOLFORD,

Comdg. Independent Cavalry Brigade, Somerset, Ky.:

You are directed by Major-General Hartsuff to detail a guard of 300 men to proceed with the cattle herd that will arrive at Somerset under charge of Lieutenant McPheeters to Chitwood's, then to await the arrival of the column or until the receipt of further instructions. Place a reliable officer in charge of this detail, with instructions to so make his arrangements as to perfectly protect the herd. The country

