
a thousand pounds in weight. Corps headquarters will probably move in the same road with your division and at the same time.

I have the honor to be, general, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

G. P. THRUSTON,

Assistant Adjutant-General and Chief of Staff.

WINCHESTER, August 16, 1863.

General R. W. JOHNSON:

It is found necessary to move your command to-day a portion of the way to Winchester, as far as Elk River, or farther if found practicable. Move with ten days' rations and forage, if you have them, and authorized transportation. Be careful no unauthorized baggage is carried in wagons. As soon as you have encamped your troops for the night come on to this place yourself and stay at these headquarters to-night.

By command of Major-General McCook:

G. P. THRUSTON,

Assistant Adjutant-General and Chief of Staff.
HEADQUARTERS TWENTY-FIRST ARMY CORPS,Manchester, Tenn., August 16, 1863.

Brigadier General T. J. WOOD,

Comdg. First Div., 21st Army Corps, Hillsborough, Tenn.:

SIR: The general commanding is disappointed at not having received anything further from you in answer to the orders sent you this morning, and the letter of inquiry as to the road you will probably take, the location of your headquarters to-night, &amp;c. Your clerk is probably at fault in not having detained the couriers, and he should be so instructed as not to dispatch couriers on receiving "important" orders without reference to his immediate commander. The general commanding still hopes to hear from you some time to-day, and directs that, should you not see him by Wednesday at dark, you endeavor to communicate with him or General Palmer at or about Dunlap. The general will leave here in the morning to overtake General Palmer to-morrow night at Irving College.

Respectfully, your obedient servant,

P. P. OLDERSHAW,

Assistant Adjutant-General.
HEADQUARTERS TWENTY-FIRST ARMY CORPS,Manchester, Tenn., August 16, 1863.

Brigadier General H. P. VAN CLEVE,

Comdg. Third Division, Twenty-first Army Corps:

GENERAL: You will regulate your marches in conformity with the foregoing or accompanying orders,* commencing your movement this Sunday morning. General Palmer will take the road to Irving

---------------

*Reference is to orders from headquarters Department of the Cumberland, August 15, p. 35.

---------------

