
College, &amp;c., to be there Monday night, when the general commanding the corps will join him, leaving here Monday morning. Should any change in the orders take place before the general leaves, he will communicate with you via McMinnville. Endeavor to open communication with him or General Palmer by Monday night. Send word by the bearer of this what information you have concerning the enemy in your front, and the probable location of your headquarters both this and to-morrow night.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

P. P. OLDERSHAW,

Captain and Assistant Adjutant-General.

WINCHESTER, August 17, 1863.

General J. C. DAVIS:

Your dispatch by Captain Hotchkiss was duly received. The facts in regard to the headquarters train have been reported to the general commanding and he has ordered Major Hudson, Tenth Ohio Volunteers, commanding train escort, to make every possible exertion to ge the train out of your way, which he says must be done so that you will not be delayed. General McCook directs me to say to you that he leaves you to make the march in the designated time on the route indicated, using your own judgment as to distance, water, &c. You will remember that the route reported as being best is down the Big Raccoon Cove, also by water. The orderly who carries this carries the order to Major Hudson. Corps headquarters will probably be moved by the Tullahoma and Anderson route, and reach Stevenson by Thursday evening.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

G. P. THRUSTON,

Assistant Adjutant-General and Chief of Staff.

WINCHESTER, TENN., August 17, 1863-4 p.m.

Major General P. H. SHERIDAN:

Corps headquarters move early to-morrow morning via Mount Top or Crow Creek road, for Stevenson. Expect to reach there Thursday evening. Davis' division started this afternoon via Mount Top, Johnson's via Salem, to Bellefonte.

respectfully,

G. P. THRUSTON,

Assistant Adjutant-General and Chief of Staff.
HEADQUARTERS TWENTY-FIRST ARMY CORPS,Two Miles S. W. of Irving College, in Camp, August 17, 1863.

Brigadier-General VAN CLEVE,

Comdg. Third Division, Twenty-first Army Corps:

GENERAL: Your dispatch of 2 p.m. is received this 5.15 p.m, and is very satisfactory. General Palmer is in camp at Irving College. General Wood was, this morning,, at foot of the mountain, 3 miles south of Pelham. The general commanding has received instructions from department headquarters to "borrow" from you some cavalry, and he desires that you send him two full companies, pre-

61 R R-VOL XXX, PT III

