
pared to stay, to report to him on Wednesday at Dunlap. How much cavalry have you? Communicate with me again to-morrow if possible. We have nothing new from department headquarters.

Respectfully and truly,

P. P. OLDERSHAW,

Captain and Assistant Adjutant-General.
HEADQUARTERS TWENTY-FIRST ARMY CORPS,Top of Mountain, 7 Miles South of Irving College,

Tuesday, August 18, 1863- a.m.

Brigadier-General GARFIELD,

Chief of Staff, Winchester or Stevenson:

I have nothing from you since I left Manchester yesterday morning, when I telegraphed you the relative positions of the corps. I am now on top of the mountain, about 7 miles south of Irving College. Palmer is ascending the hill, which is terrible, but will be at the point designated in orders on time. Van Cleve dispatches me this morning that he cannot reach Pikeville before to-morrow night, but I am in hopes that Colonel Minty and his command will be there to-night. Wood I have hear nothing from since he left the foot of the mountain. I have dispatched Van Cleve to use all diligence to communicate with Minty, and to be ready, if necessary, to support him.

T. L. CRITTENDEN,

Major-General, Commanding.
HEADQUARTERS TWENTY-FIRST ARMY CORPS,On Top of Mountain, about 19 Miles from Dunlap,

August 18, 1863-12.20 p.m.

Brigadier-General VAN CLEVE,

Comdg. Third Division, Twenty-first Army Corps:

GENERAL: Your dispatch of this 7 a.m. is received. The general is very sorry to hear that you will not be at Pikeville as designated in the orders, but has no doubt you have done your best. General Palmer's command is now ascending the hill, and will certainly be at the point designated on time. Will not Colonel Minty and his command be at Pikeville to-day, as per orders? In this event you will communicate with him, and, if necessary, support him by a forced march. So soon as you arrive at Pikeville, instruct Colonel Minty to establish a line of couriers between that place and my headquarters at Dunlap. I shall not be far from this place to-night. Use all diligence to accomplish the end desired.

Respectfully and truly,

P. P. OLDERSHAW,

Captain and Assistant Adjutant-General.
HEADQUARTERS TWENTY-FIRST ARMY CORPS,Dunlap, Tenn., August 20, 1863.

Brigadier-General WOOD,

Therman:

GENERAL: I send with this Captain Leavell and his small company of mounted infantry, with a view of opening a line of couriers

