
between Therman and Tracy City, or whatever point you may deem most desirable to transmit dispatches by to department headquarters with the greatest dispatch. If you have such line already open, return these men with instructions to establish a line between here and your headquarters. General Palmer left this morning with a brigade and part of Wilder's command. General Van Cleve arrived at Pikeville yesterday at 11 a.m. Colonel Minty found Dibrell at Sparta on Monday with a strong force, equal if not superior to his own. He drove him back toward Yankeetown and then toward Kingston, pursuing him till 8 p.m.

State what your prospects are for drawing supplies from Tracy City, and if there is telegraphic communication between Tracy City and department headquarters. Have you a courier line between General Reynolds at Jasper, which is not over 20 miles from Stevenson? I send also a dispatch for General Garfield.* Forward it with all dispatch. In it I have suggested the line of the Sequatchie Valley (through you, thence through General Reynolds at Jasper-from thence it is only 17 miles to department headquarters) as desirable for the courier line. I am anxious to hear from you on receipt of this.

By order of Major-General Crittenden:

P. P. OLDERSHAW,

Captain and Assistant Adjutant-General.
HEADQUARTERS TWENTY-FIRST ARMY CORPS,Dunlap, August 20, 1863.

Brigadier-General VAN CLEVE,

Comdg. Third Div., Twenty-first Army Corps, Pikeville:

GENERAL: Your favor of yesterday is received.#. The general commanding desires that you haste the opening of the courier line between here and Pikeville. He has no further orders to give than those sent you in the copy of orders from department headquarters, as he has received no others. He thinks that you construe the order correctly as to the reconnaissance to the Tennessee River. General Palmer arrived here yesterday,and left this morning with a brigade and part of Wilder's command which we met here. Wood is at Therman.

Respectfully and truly,

P. P. OLDERSHAW,

Captain and Assistant Adjutant-General.
HEADQUARTERS TWENTY-FIRST ARMY CORPS,Dunlap, August 20, 1863-7.30 p.m.

Brigadier-General VAN CLEVE,

Commanding Post, Pikeville:

SIR: I wrote you this forenoon by Captain Abeel. Captain Will. C. Moreau, of Third Indiana Cavalry, and bearer of this, reports having changed his line of march with his company is consequence of

---------------

*See p. 90.

#See p. 79.

---------------

