
sance. Nothing from General Wood except that General Wagner started yesterday on time. Not a line from department headquarters, but the telegraph line is open to Tracy City. Trains are arriving there with supplies and cattle on board. Your train started this morning for McMinnville.

Respectfully, your obedient servant,

P. P. OLDERSHAW,

Captain and Assistant Adjutant-General.
HEADQUARTERS TWENTY-FIRST ARMY CORPS,Dunlap, August 21, 1863.

Brigadier General H. P. VAN CLEVE,

Commanding Third Division:

GENERAL: I wrote you last night by Captain Moreau (who was to leave this morning), since when yours of yesterday with other dispatches is received. The general commanding directs me to again urge upon you the great importance of security of your trains. He feels that you and your lines are more exposed than any other and the line interrupted might prevent you from participating in the general movement, if it did not prevent it. General Palmer with his brigade is where he is ordered. Nothing later from General Wood. General Wagner started yesterday with his brigade. Not a word from department headquarters.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

P. P. OLDERSHAW,

Captain and Assistant Adjutant-General.

The general commanding desires to call your attention again to the order establishing courier line between here and Pikeville.

STEVENSON, ALA,

August 22, 1863.

General R. W. JOHNSON:

GENERAL: Your communication of yesterday announcing your arrival at Bellefonte is just received. We were certainly misinformed as to the character of the road to Bellefonte, via Salem and Larkin's Fork post-office, which was reported by several parties as the best route over the mountains. General Davis came by Mount Top and our headquarters train via Anderson route with comparatively little difficulty, both arriving here in good season. General McCook directs that your order the train belonging to corps headquarters to this place, under a guard of your mounted infantry, as soon as practicable. Inclosed you will find the press dispatches. The letters for Mrs. Johnson will be mailed. The general will pay you a visit to-morrow or next day.

I have the honor to be, general, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

G. P. THRUSTON,

Assistant Adjutant-General and Chief of Staff.

