
[Inclosure.]
HEADQUARTERS TWENTY-FIRST ARMY CORPS,Dunlap, Tenn., August 25, 1863-12 m.

Brigadier-General WOOD,

Commanding Post, Therman:

GENERAL: The following is an extract from a dispatch dated headquarters Department, Stevenson, Ala., August 24, 1863, 11.05 p.m.:

The general commanding desires you to ration yourself as far as you can, sending a portion of your train to McMinnville and a portion to Bridgeport. A small train guard will be sufficient. One ration will be sent to McMinnville at one.

By command of Major-General Crittenden:

P. P. OLDERSHAW

Captain and Assistant Adjutant-General.
HEADQUARTERS TWENTY-FIRST ARMY CORPS,Dunlap, Tenn., August 25, 1863.

Brigadier-General WOOD,

First Division:

GENERAL: The general commanding directs me to call your attention to that portion of the orders (clause 7) that looks to the passage of streams and rivers, and when it may be necessary to improvise boats for crossing. You will call Wagner's (or General Hazen's and Colonel Minty's) attention to this matter, as he is now in the front, and request him to make a report of the feasibility of constructing boats or rafts to cross the Tennessee, and whether he will need anything he has not now and that is practicable for you to furnish or procure him.

I am, sir, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

P. P. OLDERSHAW,

Captain and Assistant Adjutant-General.

(Same to Major-General Palmer, Second Division; Brigadier-General Van Cleve, Third Division.)
HEADQUARTERS TWENTY-FIRST ARMY CORPS,Dunlap, Tenn., August 25, 1863-8 a.m.

Brigadier-General VAN CLEVE,

Commanding Post, Pikeville:

The dispatch sent you this 6 a.m. is the substance of an order from department headquarters received at midnight. There is nothing beyond that except that the general commanding is well satisfied with all our movements, &amp;c. Send at once-and hereafter twice a week-register of prisoners and deserters, giving company, regiment, brigade, and division they belong to.

By order of Major-General Crittenden:

P. P. OLDERSHAW,

Captain and Assistant Adjutant-General.

