
NEAR STEVENSON, ALA.,

August 28, 1863-2.30 a.m.

General J. C. DAVIS:

Instructions are just received from the general commanding to throw the brigade of your division at Caperton's Ferry across river in the pontoon boats at early dawn, and to direct the brigade to immediately occupy the crest of the mountain beyond. The bridge is to be constructed as soon as the brigade is thrown over, and another brigade is ordered to take up a defensive position at this end of the bridge. You will send this brigade by direction of Major-General McCook, from the First Division. It will be necessary for it to move to Caperton's Ferry at the earliest moment possible, to be there in season. Colonel Heg will receive the above instructions from these headquarters, and begin operations at dawn this morning.

I am, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

G. P. THRUSTON,

Assistant Adjutant-General and Chief of Staff.
HEADQUARTERS TWENTY-FIRST ARMY CORPS,Dunlap, Tenn., August 28, 1863.

Brigadier-General WOOD,

Commanding Post, Therman:

SIR: The general commanding desires that you inform him so soon as you have information from Bridgeport, the nature and extent of commissary supplies at that point, and whether the road is more practicable than that to Tracy City. What supplies are at the latter?

Respectfully, your obedient servant,

P. P. OLDERSHAW,

Captain and Assistant Adjutant-General.

P. S.-The general wishes to know if there is no danger at the mouth of Battle Creek, which can be reached by the guns across the river, and which the wagons have to traverse going to Bridgeport.

P. P. O.
HEADQUARTERS TWENTY-FIRST ARMY CORPS,Dunlap, Tenn., August 28, 1863-9 a.m.

Brigadier-General VAN CLEVE,

Commanding Post, Pikeville:

SIR: Your two dispatches of yesterday covering of dispatches from Colonel Minty are received.* The general commanding is rejoiced t find you are doing so well as regards rations. Continue your efforts in that connection without endangering your ability to move on short notice. The general cannot leave here at present as he is much in the dark, and cannot form any conjectures as to the probable course of events. Otherwise the distance would not prevent him from going to see you. He looks forward, however, to the time when he will have you all under his own eye, united and happy.

I am, sir, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

P. P. OLDERSHAW,

Captain and Assistant Adjutant-General.

---------------

*See pp. 190, 191.

---------------

