
have at the ferry. He also desires you to get all the information possible from the citizens, and if they refuse to give any, you will arrest them, and, if necessary, use force in getting what is desired.

I am, colonel, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

[B. D. WILLIAMS?]

Captain and Aide-de-Camp.

STEVENSON, ALA., August 29, 1863.

Colonel HEG:

General McCook directs you immediately make preparations for crossing the Tennessee River on the pontoon boats this morning at early dawn; throw your troops over as directed yesterday. It is not expected that you will meet with much resistance. As soon as your brigade is across, the pontoon bridge will be reconstructed, and it will be defended by a brigade of infantry from General Davis' division which has already been ordered to the position you now occupy. As soon as you have crossed your brigade move it forward and occupy the crest of the mountains on the south side of the river, taking up a good defensive position. If you can get tools from the pioneers, intrench the position you take on the mountain if you deem it necessary for safety. Troops have already been thrown across the Tennessee higher up. Lieutenant Burroughs will receive that necessary instructions immediately.

I am, colonel, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

G. P. THRUSTON,

Assistant Adjutant-General and Chief of Staff.

STEVENSON, ALA., August 29, 1863.

General R. W. JOHNSON:

The general commanding the corps directs that you move your division at an early hour to-morrow morning, and encamp it on the ground near the Crow Creek Ford occupied by your troops last summer.

I am, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

G. P. THRUSTON,

Assistant Adjutant-General and Chief of Staff.

STEVENSON, ALA.,

August 30, 1863-midnight.

General R. W. JOHNSON,

Commanding Second Division:

The general commanding the corps directs that you move your division across the Tennessee River on the pontoon bridge at an early hour to-morrow morning and occupy the position in which General Davis' troops are now encamped. General Davis will move his division forward on to the mountains. Move your ammunition

