
NEAR STEVENSON, ALA.,

September 1, 1863.

General P. H. SHERIDAN:

I have the honor to acknowledge the receipt of your communication on the subject of transportation. Major-General McCook was not aware of the existence of orders in the Third Division reducing regimental transportation to the extent stated. Inasmuch as he is only desirous of making the necessary reduction, if this is already made in your division to a smaller allowance than is prescribed in General Orders, Nol.28, Twentieth Army Corps, a compliance with this order will not be required. While the general is of the opinion that the system of organizing transportation proposed in that order has advantages over any other heretofore in use in this army, he is willing that for the present you may carry out the plan for supplying your troops that you have already adopted. He directs that you forward to these headquarters a report showing the amount of transportation and baggage allowed your troops, and also how long you will probably be able to supply them according to your present arrangements; also at what distance from the supply depot you can supply your command for an indefinite length of time.

I am, general, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

G. P. THRUSTON,

Assistant Adjutant-General and Chief of Staff.
HDQRS. FIRST DIVISION, TWENTY-FIRST ARMY CORPS,Camp 1 Mile from Jasper, September 1, 1863- 9 p.m.

Captain P. P. OLDERSHAW,

Assistant Adjutant-General:

CAPTAIN: Am I to move in the morning? I have been expecting orders all the evening, but have heard nothing. I have ordered my command to be ready to march at 6 in the morning, and, if I do not receive an order not to move, will march at that hour.

Respectfully, &amp;c.,

TH. J. WOOD,

Brigadier-General, Commanding.
HEADQUARTERS TWENTIETH ARMY CORPS,September 2, 1863-11 a.m.

General R. W. JOHNSON:

General McCook direct that you move your division forward to the position now occupied by General Davis.

The First Division has been ordered to Winston's, and if the Third Division comes up to-day, it will probably be located at or near Mrs. Gardner's. Corps headquarters will be at Mr. Walker's house near here.

I am, general, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

G. P. THRUSTON,

Assistant Adjutant-General and Chief of Staff.

