
here by night-fall or at an early hour this evening, but as some of the boats are disabled and others may get so, I may be disappointed. As myself and every officer in my command are here without baggage (the order to send the baggage train by Bridgeport was obeyed strictly and to the letter), I would urge that General Crittenden take steps to have a free road for it, and haste it to us as rapidly as possible. We cannot move from the river into the interior without it.

Have you heard anything from the crossing of our supply and baggage trains at Bridgeport?

TH. J. WOOD,

Brigadier-General, Commanding.
HDQRS. FIRST DIVISION, TWENTY-FIRST ARMY CORPS,September 3, 1863-12 m.

Captain P. P. OLDERSHAW,

Assistant Adjutant-General:

CAPTAIN: The general commanding directs me to inform you that we arrived here at 10 o'clock. Found General Reynolds' command not all over. Colonel Buell seized on an opportunity, when General Reynolds' men were not busy, and crossed his brigade in the night.

He will cross his command as soon as possible, but cannot tell how long he will be detained by General Reynolds.

I am, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

M. P. BESTOW,

Assistant Adjutant-General.
HEADQUARTERS TWENTY-FIRST ARMY CORPS,Jasper, Tenn., September 3, 1863-4.30 p.m.

Brigadier General T. J. WOOD,

Comdg. Fist Div., 21st Army Corps, Shellmound Crossing:

GENERAL: Your note of 3.20 is received. General Cruft is on the way to cross at Shellmound so soon as the road is clear. The general will cross in the morning at Shellmound, and does not expect you to move in the interior until he meets you. The bridge at Bridgeport has been temporarily disabled, but will be repaired to-day. Everything will be done to bring your transportation up. Perhaps it would be well for you to send some one down the river bank (on the south side) to prospect the road and pilot your train. General Palmer will not get the ferry at Battle Creek before to-morrow.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

P. P. OLDERSHAW,

Captain and Assistant Adjutant-General.

SHELLMOUND, September 3, 1863-6 p.m.

Captain P. P. OLDERSHAW,

Assistant Adjutant-General:

CAPTAIN: Without some extraordinary accident (which I do not by any means look for) I will have everything over by 8 p.m.

