
Would have been over three hours ago but for the detention caused by General Reynolds' remains.

I will direct my orderly to remain till to-morrow morning to bring any news that you may have to send me. Have him taken care of, and let him start back early, say by 5 in the morning.

I should be most happy to hear something of my baggage and supply trains; how they are getting along. Not an officer in the division has a tent or baggage.

Respectfully, &amp;c.,

TH. J. WOOD,

Brigadier-General of Volunteers, Commanding.
HEADQUARTERS TWENTY-FIRST ARMY CORPS,Jasper, September 3, 1863.

Brigadier-General VAN CLEVE,

Comdg. Third Division, Twenty-first Army Corps:

The general commanding directs that you move at once one brigade of your command to Shellmound and cross it over the Tennessee River as soon as the way is clear. Your other brigade may remain in camp and be ready to cross as soon as the way is open. Send your train under efficient officers to the vicinity of Bridgeport, where it will cross as soon as the way is open. You will effect this crossing as rapidly as possible. The general commanding desires to know the number of rations you now have or are on the way (if any on the way, how many), and how far they can be made to go.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

P. P. OLDERSHAW,

Captain and Assistant Adjutant-General.

NEAR WINSTON'S, September 4, 1863-6.30 p.m.

General J. A. GARFIELD,

Chief of Staff:

Since my dispatch 10.50 a.m. I have had a report of the road up the mountain. The road is not quite so bad as the one up the mountain. The road is not quite so bad as the one up Raccoon Mountain from the Tennessee River, nor is it so long is ascent. At the summit of the mountain the roads fork, the left leading to Chattanooga, descending the mountain about 8 miles from the summit. The other leads directly to Rome, and commences to descend about 2 miles from the summit. There is water on the mountain (Little River) and a small mill-but not sufficient water for running it now. I can hear nothing of the enemy in force. Six of the enemy's cavalry or scouts appeared in front of the cavalry pickets on the summit of the mountain this evening and fled in great haste. I inclose to you a sketch* of the country in this vicinity, for I hardly think the general appreciates the distance from point to point in this neighborhood. I supposed I would be about 10 miles from Trenton, whereas I am 25. I have visited the headquarter springs of Lookout,

---------------

*Not found.

---------------

