
and am now encamped at the headquarter springs of Will's River. I hear of a few home guards in this vicinity, but have not met with any of them. Colonel Harrison, whom I sent to communicate with General Thomas, has not returned, nor do I expect him until morning. I have heard nothing from General Sheridan. I hope he is in the Lookout Valley and near me. The road that Colonel Harrison blazed from the top of Racoon Mountain is a good one to Bridgeport; descent easy. The trains going to and from my position should be guarded, although it would appear that it would not be necessary. The pass over the mountain from here to Rome is represented as the best. I have a regiment of infantry on the top of the mountain and a brigade encamped at the foot. The forage is not abundant here. The supply increases as we descend Will's Creek. All well and happy here. Stanley and I encamped together.

Respectfully, &amp;c.,

A. McD. McCOOK,

Major-General, Commanding.
HEADQUARTERS TWENTY-FIRST ARMY CORPS,Shellmound, September 5, 1863.

Brigadier General T. J. WOOD,

Comdg. First Division, Twenty-first Army Corps:

GENERAL: The general commanding announces the following orders for the movements of the army.*

The general commanding directs me to send you the foregoing extract of orders from department headquarters. You will march to-day (time hereafter to be designated) up Running Water Creek to Whiteside's, and encamp in that vicinity to-night,but beyond the road known as the Murphy's Valley road. In the morning you will proceed to make the threatening demonstration on Chattanooga indicated in the extract. You will use the company of cavalry now with you as couriers, posting them as you advance from Whiteside's. The following transportation will accompany the division:One wagon for division and one wagon for brigade headquarters, and one wagon for each regiment; also the ammunition train and two wagons to each battery. All the wagons will proceed in rear of the troops of the corps, and in the same relative positions as the troops march-the First Division in the advance, the Second Division in the center, and the Third Division in the rear. One ambulance will accompany each regiment, also one hospital wagon to the regiment with the train. Corps headquarters will be at Shellmound till to-morrow morning, when they will move early to a position near the junction of the Muurphy's Valley road with the road marked on the map as "Good wagon road to Naylor's." The transportation remaining at Shellmound will be left under an efficient officer and proceed to-morrow morning at 5 to join their respective commands, and in the same order (position) as the troops.

I am, sir, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

P. P. OLDERSHAW,

Captain and Assistant Adjutant-General.

---------------

*See quotation, p. 370

---------------

