HEADQUARTERS TWENTY-FIRST ARMY CORPS,Shellmound, September 5, 1863.

Brigadier General H. P. VAN CLEVE,

Comdg. Third Division, Twenty-first Army Corps:

GENERAL: The general commanding announces the following orders for the movement of the enemy:*

The general commanding directs me to send you the foregoing extract of orders from department headquarters. You will march to-day (time hereafter to be designated) up Running Water Creek, thence down the Murphy's Valley road, and encamp with your left on Whiteside's, General Palmer being on your right. In the morning you will proceed to the junction of the Murphy's Valley road with the road marked on the map as "Good wagon road to Naylor's," and await further orders. The following transportation will accompany the division: One wagon for division and one wagon for brigade headquarters, and one wagon for each regiment; also the ammunition train, and two wagons for each battery. All the wagons will proceed in rear of the troops of the corps, and in the same positions as the troops march-the First Division in the advance, the Second Division in the center, and the Third Division in the rear. One ambulance will accompany each regiment, also one hospital wagon to the regiment with the train. Corps headquarters will be at Shellmount till to-morrow, when they will move early to a position near the junction of the Murphy's Valley road with the road marked on the map as "Good wagon road to Naylor's." The transportation remaining at Shellmound will be left under an efficient officer, and will proceed to-morrow morning at 5 t join their respective commands, and in the same order (position) as the troops. You will carry with the troops some tools (principally axes), that may be needed for the clearance of the road from Whiteside's down.

I am, sir, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

P. P. OLDERSHAW,

Captain and Assistant Adjutant-General.

NEAR WINSTON'S, September 6, 1863.

General J. A. GARFIELD:

I have nothing of importance to communicate this morning save the rebels are blockading the roads on the other side of Lookout Mountain. They commenced this work yesterday. General Crook brings over information from Broomtown Valley obtained from an old man named Crow, stating that he, Crow, had just returned from Dalton. He stated that ha saw there men of reliable character who has visited Chattanooga to ascertain what the army was doing to do, and they told Crow that Bragg was ordered to fall back toward Atlanta. General Stanley's report will be more full.

Very respectfully,

A. McD. McCOOK,

Major-General, Commanding.

NEAR WINSTON'S, September 6, 1863-12.30

General P. H. SHERIDAN:

General McCook wishes to locate your division, unless the general commanding should determine otherwise, at Mrs. Gardner's, on the

---------------

*See quotation, p. 370.

---------------

