
road from Trenton to Winston's about 2 miles from the latter place, where there is good water and some forage. It is 24 miles from Trenton on the direct road, and if you have no orders to the contrary, he directs that you take that position as soon as practicable. It is 25 miles from here to Caperton's Ferry. Our troops and train reached here two days ago.

I am, general, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

G. P. THRUSTON,

Assistant Adjutant-General and Chief of Staff.
HEADQUARTERS TWENTY-FIRST ARMY CORPS,Junction of Murphy's Valley Road and Nickajack Road,

September 6, 1863-5.45 p.m.*

Brigadier General J. A. GARFIELD,

Chief of Staff, Trenton:

SIR: Since my dispatch of 9.35 a.m. I have received information from General Wood, dated 2 p.m., at junction of Nashville Chattanooga and Trenton and Chattanooga Railroads, 7 miles from Chattanooga. He reports that he believes that the enemy is in force and in strong position at Chattanooga, and therefore will make no farther progress. He also states that the enemy's signal parties on Lookout Mountain can be seen plainly, busily engaged in signaling.

I think that General Wood's position is quite hazardous. The road from Whiteside's where he is is bad to least 6 miles, via the Trenton road, than by Whiteside's, and I am informed by my courier officer, who has been over both to-day, that the former road is much the smoothest. I have therefore suggested to General Wood that, should he be attacked and determine to fall back, he might (exercising his own judgment) retire by Trenton road.

I send you examination made by General Palmer of 3 deserters who left the picket post yesterday. These deserters further state that there is one brigade (Strahl's) opposite the position occupied by General Wood.

I am, sir, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

T. L. CRITTENDEN,

Major-General, Commanding.
HEADQUARTERS WOOD'S DIVISION,September 6, 1863. (Received 12.15 p.m.)

Captain P. P. OLDERSHAW,

Assistant Adjutant-General, Twenty-first army corps:

CAPTAIN: General Wood directs me to say that he has learned that yesterday there was at Kelley's Ferry 200 of Wharton' cavalry guarding the crossing. It is supposed they are there to-day. There is a mountain road from our camp of last night leading to the ferry, 4 miles from there to Kelley's. The general thinks they could be easily captured. Nothing important from our front yet.

Yours, &amp;c.,

J. L. YARYAN,

Aide-de-Camp.

---------------

*See answer, p. 391.

---------------

