
the spur of the mountain and the river. From all the information I can get, the enemy intends to fight.

So far from being able to make much of a demonstration (if the enemy's force in front is considerable), I may be in danger of an attack, and would therefore urge that some part of the force with General Crittenden be put in supporting distance of me. I marched 10 miles from Whiteside's to-day (10 and 4 equal 14).

The road I traveled to-day is bad but practicable. I would suggest that General Crittenden have the road from his present position to the Trenton Valley road and thence hither explored at once, with a view to determining its practicability.

Let me hear from you.

Respectfully, &amp;c.,

TH. J. WOOD,

Brigadier-General, Commanding.
HEADQUARTERS TWENTY-FIRST ARMY CORPS,Junction of Murphy's Valley and Nickajack Roads,

September 6, 1863-5 p.m.

Brigadier-General WOOD,

Commanding First Division:

SIR: I am directed by the general commanding to acknowledge receipt of your dispatch of this 2 p.m., 7 miles from Chattanooga. With the information you send the general thinks that you have accomplished as much as was expected of him by the order, and directs that you exercise every precaution possible to prevent surprise.

Captain Leavell, who came by the Trenton road, says that you are nearer to this point than you are to Whiteside's; that the roads are much better by the Trenton road; and, as General Reynolds is at Trenton and General Brannan close here, the general thinks that should you be attacked, and determine to fall back, you had better do so on this last route via Trenton road. At present there will be no change made in the position of the troops. You, however, having passed over the one road, and receiving the information of the distance, &c., from Captain Leavell on his return, must determine on the line of retreat (if any). General Crittenden learns by Captain Leavell that you have been skirmishing nearly all day, but he does not credit it, as you make no reference to such a matter in your note.

I am, sir, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

P. P. OLDERSHAW,

Captain and Assistant Adjutant-General.
HEADQUARTERS TWENTY-FIRST ARMY CORPS,September 6, 1863-7 p.m.

Brigadier-General WOOD,

Junction of Chattanooga and Nashville and Chattanooga and Trenton Railroads:

SIR: The general commanding directs me to acknowledge receipt of your dispatch of this 4 p.m. via Whiteside's At 5 p.m. I wrote you by Captain Leavell via Trenton road, and on which road I have ordered couriers to be established between your headquarters and these, as the shortest and best road for communi-

