
cation. My present position is only 1 1/2 miles from Naylor's on Trenton road. The general commanding appreciates your position as hazardous, and urges the greatest vigilance, as he is in no position to bring on as engagement in the absence of all advices from department headquarters, where I have sent all information promptly.

One of three deserters who came in to-day and left the picket post yesterday, states that a brigade (Strahl's) is posted to cover the position you occupy. Van Cleve has a regiment at Whiteside's, and the balance of his command on this road 2 1/2 miles from Whiteside's. Palmer is here about 2 1/2 miles from Van Cleve's right, and Brannan has two brigades here also, the latter perhaps extending to the junction of Murphy's Valley road with the Trenton road. General Reynolds is at Trenton, 4 1/2 miles from here.

To-morrow at 8 a.m. Captain Leonard will endeavor to signal you and Trenton. Instruct your signal office to look out at that time.

I am, sir, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

P. P. OLDERSHAW,

Captain and Assistant Adjutant-General.
HEADQUARTERS TWENTY-FIRST ARMY CORPS,September 6, 1863- 5.30 p.m.

Major General J. J. REYNOLDS,

Comdg. Fourth Division, Fourteenth Army Corps:

GENERAL: My signal officers state that they think they can signal you at Trenton by to-morrow morning. Will you instruct yours to be on the lookout? Headquarters were yesterday, as I understood, within 4 miles of Trenton, at Cave Spring, and will to-day be removed to Trenton. Lose no time in forwarding the accompanying dispatches and oblige,

Respectfully and truly,

T. L. CRITTENDEN,

Major-General, Commanding.

WINSTON'S, ALA., September 7, 1863.

General R. W. JOHNSON:

General McCook directs that your order a brigade of your division to move down the direct Lebanon road to a position near Captain Davenport's house, which is on that road about 2 miles from your present position.

I am, general, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

G. P. THRUSTON,

Assistant Adjutant-General and Chief of Staff.
HEADQUARTERS TWENTIETH ARMY CORPS,Winston's, September 7, 1863.

General R. W. JOHNSON:

I am directed by General McCook to state to you that you can move your camp to-morrow to the location proposed in your communication of to-day (to Mrs. Long's). It is probable that corps headquarters will be moved to the same neighborhood.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

G. P. THRUSTON,

Assistant Adjutant-General and Chief of Staff.

