
gade, of Forrest's, at Sparta, on Monday night; whipped and drove them to Yankeetown and Kingston. We lost 15 wounded.

Van Cleve's division and the cavalry reached Pikeville the evening of the 19th. Palmer, with a brigade and Wilder's cavalry left the valley yesterday morning for a reconnaissance on the Tennessee, from Harrison's to Chattanooga and above. I have reconnoitered the river below Bridgeport. It is a formidable obstacle, from 500 to 800 yards wide. Pontoons are coming. I think we shall maneuver to cross where they do not expect us.*

W. S. ROSECRANS,

Major-General.

ENGINEER DEPARTMENT, ARMY OF THE CUMBERLAND,

Stevenson, Ala., August 21, 1863.

Colonel GODDARD,

Assistant Adjutant-General:

COLONEL: Having examined, by direction of the general commanding, Caperton's Ferry and vicinity, on the Tennessee River, near Stevenson, Ala., I have the honor to report the following:

The approach to Caperton's Ferry is good. The river at this point is between 400 and 500 yards wide. Bank on north side commands that opposite. Landing on south side good. South bank timbered; north bank generally clear. Current apparently not remarkably strong. Distance from Stevenson, 3 miles. Dirt road and good in dry weather.

Cox's Ferry, 2 miles above Caperton's, is similar to Caperton's except that the north bank has more timber; the approach is band, and landing on south side inferior. Road from Stevenson not good.

I am, colonel, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

GEORGE BURROUGHS,

Lieutenant of Engineers.
HEADQUARTERS DEPARTMENT OF THE CUMBERLAND,Stevenson, August 21, 1863.

Major-General THOMAS,

Commanding Fourteenth Army Corps:

The steamer Paint Rock is between the Skillet and Suck, tied up. The general commanding wishes to know if you can not arrange to get her.

R. S. THOMS,

Aide-de-Camp.

Journal of operations of the Fourteenth Army Corps.

AUGUST 21, 1863.

Brannan's (Third) division ordered to take position at Battle Creek; Reynolds' (Fourth) division at Jasper. Corps headquarters established at Bolivar.

---------------

* The dispatch as received by General Halleck reads: "I think we shall maneuver to cross. They do not expect us."

---------------

