
SEPTEMBER 7, 1863-11.50 p.m.

Captain P. P. OLDERSHAW,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

CAPTAIN: I have the honor to transmit through the headquarters Twenty-first Army Corps the accompanying communication,* addressed to General Garfield, which I ask you will transmit with all possible dispatch to department headquarters. Common justice to me requires that my communication should reach General Rosecrans at once, while the impressions calculated to be produced by General Crittenden's injurious communication are still fresh in his mind and can be readily corrected.

Respectfully, your obedient servant,

TH. J. WOOD,

Brigadier-General of Volunteers, Commanding.
HEADQUARTERS TWENTY-FIRST ARMY CORPS,September 7, 1863-5.40 p.m.

Brigadier-General VAN CLEVE,

Commanding Third Division:

SIR: The general commanding directs that you move your command at daylight in the morning and occupy the position now held by General Palmer. The regiment at Whiteside's must remain, but under an efficient officer who will watch vigilantly the road from that point to Chattanooga, and prevent, if possible, any cavalry raid down the road, as General Wood is not now on it. Should the officer in command be attacked,and without reasonable expectation of being able to hold his position, he will fall back on this road and immediately communicate with you.

I am, sir, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

P. P. OLDERSHAW,

Captain and Assistant Adjutant-General.

THREE MILES FROM WINSTON'S,

September 8, 1863-1 p.m.

General J. A. GARFIELD:

Your letter dated 9.30 p.m. reached me at 10 a.m. to-day, and would have been acknowledged at once, but I was waiting until General Stanley resolved definitely when and by what route ho would go, so that I could give you a positive idea of the position of the infantry ordered to support him. General Davis will go over Lookout Mountain with two brigades with General Stanley. They will then decide the precise point at which the infantry should be posted.

Our knowledge of that country forbids me to decide upon any precise spot to post the support, as converging roads, &amp;c., would influence such posting. The point where the Summerville road intersects the Alpine and La Fayette roads will receive consideration. The Third Brigade, of Davis' division, will be posted on Lookout Mountain, commanding and protecting all the roads on the mountain top and the valley on this side. All of Stanley's transportation, horses,

---------------

*See p. 419

---------------

