
&amp;c., and Davis' transportation and part of his artillery, will be cared for by Johnson's division and myself. My headquarters are now about 7 miles from Sheridan's, on headwaters of Lookout Creek, where Johnson's division is encamped. I have the Sand Mountain patrolled by Harrison's mounted infantry.

Eight deserters from the Fourth Tennessee Cavalry came to my picket on Lookout Mountain at 11 a.m. to-day. They deserted from Summerville at 9 p.m. last night. From all accounts Stanley will have an easy victory to-morrow. One of the deserters said that he understood that Breckinridge's troops were at Rome. Where shall I send the deserters?

Say to the general that the Twentieth Corps is well fed, and he may always expect to find us with from 18 to 24 days' rations on hand; that we are happy, and ready for any work he may order us to do. Stanley has informed you of the whereabouts of the rebel cavalry. Will keep you posted promptly as to Stanley's success.

I am, respectfully,

A. McD. McCOOK,

Major-General, Commanding.
HEADQUARTERS TWENTY-FIRST ARMY CORPS,September 8, 1863-2.30 a.m.

Brigadier-General WOOD,

Wauhatchie, Tenn.:

A copy of your report of Colonel Harker's reconnaissance was forwarded for the information of the general commanding. He directs that you make a more definite report of the reconnaissance, telling where Colonel Harker first met the enemy, and in what force, and how near to Chattanooga he pushed the reconnaissance, as it is important that the general commanding the department should know the position, strength, and probable intentions of the enemy in that direction.

By command of Major-General Crittenden:

JNumbers J. McCOOK,

Captain and Aide-de-Camp.
HEADQUARTERS TWENTY-FIRST ARMY CORPS,September 8, 1863-5.40 p.m.

Brigadier-General WOOD,

Commanding First Division:

SIR: The general commanding has just learned from department headquarters that Lieutenant-Colonel Evans, of Twenty-first Kentucky Volunteers, reports that General Wagner is short of ammunition. The general desires all information you may have as to the truth of this report. I wrote you concerning telegraph operators. Were any with you, and if so, have they reported here or at Whiteside's? The line is inoperative for want of one at each place.

I am, sir, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

P. P. OLDERSHAW,

Captain and Assistant Adjutant-General.

