
SEPTEMBER 8, 1863-7.30 p.m.

Captain P. P. OLDERSHAW,

Assistant Adjutant-General:

CAPTAIN: I left with General Wagner 100 rounds of small-arms ammunition per man and about 250 rounds ammunition per gun, a far greater amount than he used at Stone's River, and I cannot think he can be short without the ammunition has been wantonly wasted, in which case no amount would be a sufficient supply. General. Wagner has really had very little firing to do. In addition to all which, I have had three communications from General Wagner in the last twenty-four hours, in none of which has he intimated any shortness of ammunition, which I think he would have done had it been true.

From all this I am inclined to think Lieutenant-Colonel Evans' report must be incorrect. If General Wagner has expended small-arms ammunition judiciously (and I don't believe he would do otherwise) he ought not to have expended 10 rounds per man since he has been in the hills. I caused your note about the telegraph party and its operator to be delivered to Captain Van Duzer, in charge, last night, and saw him early this morning, when I told him he should proceed to carry out the instructions. Since then I have not seen him, and presume he has gone on his mission; but I cannot inform you whether he has reported at your headquarters or at Whiteside's.

Respectfully, your obedient servant,

TH. J. WOOD,

Brigadier-General of Volunteers, Commanding.

SEPTEMBER 9, 1863.

General J. C. DAVIS:

In accordance with instructions received from the general commanding, General McCook directs that you move with two brigades of your command to Alpine to support General Stanley's movement and cover his return. He wishes the movement made as soon as General Stanley's troops can give you the road.

The general also particularly directs that you do not move your division across Broomtown Valley, but take position at the foot of Lookout Mountain, keeping as close to it as possible, to insure your safety. Your movements will necessarily be controlled by circumstances, and he leaves you and General Stanley to carry out the details of the order, in accordance with your best judgment.

The general further orders that you post your remaining brigade (excepting one regiment) on Lookout Mountain in such a position as will best support you and protect your rear. This brigade must be instructed to carefully watch and patrol the roads on the mountain leading from the Alpine road. Each of your brigades will take one section of artillery. The rest of the artillery will be left at Winston's. The regiment excepted above will be left at Winston's in charge of your artillery, transportation, and convalescents. General McCook wishes you to leave some capable and energetic officer in command there. General Stanley's transportation and disabled men will also be left behind in the same neighborhood, at the house of

