
moving south. General Stanley's cavalry movements have been stopped. General McCook directs that you hold your command in readiness for a forward movement.

I am, general, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

G. P. THRUSTON,

Assistant Adjutant-General and Chief of Staff.

(Copy to General R. W. Johnson.)

LONG'S SPRING, ALA.,

September 9, 1863-8.15. p.m.

General P. H. SHERIDAN:

The enemy is reported as having evacuated Chattanooga and moving southward. This corps is ordered in pursuit. General McCook directs that you break camp by daybreak in the morning and move directly to Winston's. Your troops will provide themselves with three days' rations, and move with all supply and baggage wagons in their rear under a strong escort. Supply wagons will be placed in advance of baggage wagons so that they can be moved forward to ration the troops if necessary. When you get to Winston's your troops will move up the mountain, leaving the trains behind,except your ammunition train, which will follow the troops. The trains of Johnson and Davis are also left at Winston's, to enable your division to close up to them and not be impeded. Colonel Post's brigade (First Division) will guard and bring forward the trains as rapidly as possible, supply trains taking the precedence. General McCook expects that you will be able to get your division up on the mountain by to-morrow night, and encamp at a small stream about 2 miles from the crest of the mountains. The road up the mountain at Winston's is the best that your troops have found, and your teams can take an ordinary load up without difficulty. The escort guarding your trains will be left with them at Winston's, as Colonel Post's brigade will not be able to take charge of more trains than are already assigned to it. It has charge of Stanley's trains.

G. P. THRUSTON,

Assistant Adjutant-General and Chief of Staff.
HEADQUARTERS TWENTY-FIRST ARMY CORPS,Chattanooga, September 9, 1863-11.30 p.m.

Brigadier-General WOOD,

Commanding First Division:

SIR: The general commanding directs that you report at once what information (if any) you have received since you were put in command of this post concerning the road or roads taken by the enemy in his retreat; also whether you have received any report from your provost-marshal of prisoners, deserters, &amp;c. Have you any information as to what hour General Wagner will have his command across, and have you heard anything of General Hazen's arrival at the river? The general is waiting for other reports before he can issue orders for the morrow's pursuit, and desires any information you may have on the subject.

Respectfully, your obedient servant,

P. P. OLDERSHAW,

Captain and Assistant Adjutant-General.

