HEADQUARTERS, ETC.,Chattanooga, E. Tenn., September 9, 1863.

(Received 12.30 a.m., 10th.)

Captain P. P. OLDERSHAW,

Assistant Adjutant-General:

CAPTAIN: I have not been able to get any more definite and reliable information of the lines of retreat followed by the enemy than that given to General Crittenden to-day. The acting provost-marshal has received quite a number of deserters, but has not handed in a detailed report of same, so that I cannot tell you the exact number. The provost-marshal had his leg broken this afternoon, which accident has a little embarrassed the operations of this department.

I understand General Wagner's brigade is entirely across the river. I have no knowledge of General Hazen's brigade. Have heard nothing of its arrival at the river.

Respectfully,

TH. J. WOOD,

Brigadier-General of Volunteers.

ON THE MOUNTAIN, September 10, 1863.

General R. W. JOHNSON:

General McCook directs that when your troops get on to the mountain they take the right-hand road, which he considers the shortest and best to Alpine. The orderly who carries this will show you the proper route. You will find the water about 2 miles from the crest of the mountain, also about 4 miles from the crest. The general wishes you to come on as far this evening as practicable.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

G. P. THRUSTON,

Assistant Adjutant-General and Chief of Staff.
HEADQUARTERS TWENTY-FIRST ARMY CORPS,Chattanooga, September 10, 1863-4 a.m.

Brigadier-General WOOD,

Commanding First Division:

SIR: The general commanding directs me to inform you that he has ordered General Wagner to report to you at once with his brigade for orders. He further directs that you leave one brigade here in command of the post, which will occupy the fortifications looking southward and eastward, and take possession of all iron-works,mills, and public stores. With your remaining two brigades you will start at 6 (this) a.m., and proceed in pursuit of the enemy, marching, via Rossville, Ringgold, and Dalton. General Palmer and Van Cleve leave Rossville at about the same hour, pursuing from thence the same course. He object is to make a vigorous pursuit with the hope of inflicting material injury to the enemy in his rear. Generals Palmer and Van Cleve will be in the advance, and you will follow them closely; in the event of their needing support, General Palmer will communicate with you promptly. A line of couriers will be established as the march progresses. You will take with you the

