HDQRS. FIRST DIVISION, TWENTY-FIRST ARMY CORPS,Bridge on Chickamauga, September 10, 1863-3.30 p.m.

(Received 6 p.m.)

Cap. P. P. OLDERSHAW,

Assistant Adjutant-General:

CAPTAIN: I understand that Buckner's force passed yesterday morning by the road from Tyner's Station, by Johnson, and passing west of Ringgold to La Fayette. I hear he did not pass through Ringgold. I also understand General Bragg in person was at Gordon's Mills on the Chattanooga and La Fayette road yesterday afternoon. The fact, as reported to me yesterday in Chattanooga, that one corps had taken the Cove road along the foot of the mountain, but which connects with the La Fayette road, and another corps took the direct La Fayette road, and the report that Buckner's force is making to La Fayette, would seem to indicate a design to concentrate the rebels there; or it may be that the different corps or command will simply pass through there on their way to Rome.

I supposed when I left Chattanooga this morning that I would make Ringgold to-night, but I received a note from General Palmer a little while since saying he had gone into camp 2 miles in advance of the bridge on the Chickamauga, and that I would be compelled to halt here, as there is not water enough nor room where he is. I presume he and General Van Cleve encamped together. My division is going into camp. The distance from here to Chattanooga I suppose to be about 10 miles.

Respectfully, &amp;c.,

TH. J. WOOD,

Brigadier-General of Volunteers, Commanding.
HEADQUARTERS TWENTY-FIRST ARMY CORPS,Chattanooga, September 10, 1863-12.45 a.m.

Brigadier-General WAGNER,

Commanding Forces on other Side of River:

SIR: The general commanding is anxiously awaiting report from Colonel Wilder as to his progress in crossing and report from the regiment of mounted infantry (Ninety-second Illinois) that was sent yesterday afternoon to Chattanooga. The general directs that you send to Colonel Wilder at once for these reports, as without them he cannot arrange for the morrow's pursuit. What news have you from General Hazen? Is your own brigade all across?

Respectfully, your obedient servant,

P. P. OLDERSHAW,

Captain and Assistant Adjutant-General.
HEADQUARTERS TWENTY-FIRST ARMY CORPS,Chattanooga, September 10, 1863.

Brigadier-General WAGNER,

Commanding Forces other Side Tennessee:

SIR: The general commanding directs that your order General Hazen to cross the river with all possible dispatch and rejoin his division, marching by the most direct road to Ringgold. On arriv-

