CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
PUBLISHED BY BLAIR AND RIYES, AT ONE DOLLAR PER SESSION, IN ADVANCE.
28th Cong 2d Sess.
TUESDAY, DECEMBER 10, 1844.
Volume 14....No. 1.
$^We shall print several thousand sur-
plus copies of the Congressional Globe
and Appendix, for the purpose of supply-
ing those who may subscribe within a
reasonable time—say by the middle of
January—with the back numbers. The
Congressional Globe will contain a con-
densed report of the proceedings in both
Houses of Ccfngress during the session.
The appendix will contain the reports of
the several heads of departments accom-
panying the President's message, and all
the long speeches made by the members
of Congress, and written out by them-
selves. The price to subscribers is $1 for
the Congressional Globe, and $1 for the
Appendix, during the session. We furnish
complete indexes to both. We suppose
that the business of the present session
will afford matter for 25 or 30 numbers of
the Congressional Globe, and an equal
number of the Appendix.
TWENTY-EIGHTH CONGRESS,
SECOND SESSION.
IN SENATE.
Monday, December 2, 1844.
The second session of the 28th Congress con-
vened to-day, in conformity to the constitution of
the United States. At the hour of 12 o'elock m.,
the Senate was called to order by Mr. MANGUM,
the President pro tem. The following senators ap-
peared in their seats, viz:
Mr. Allen, Mr. Johnson,
Atherton, McDuffie,
Bagby, Mangum,
Bates, Merrick,
Benton, Niles,
Berrien, Phelps,
Buchanan, Rives,
Clayton, Scmple,
Crittenden, Sturgeon,
Dayton, Tappan,
Evans, TJpham,
Fairfield, "White,
Hannegan, Woodbury.
Huntington,
On motion by Mr. HUNTINGTON, it was
Ordered, That the Secretary of the Senate inform the
House of Representatives that a quorum of the Senate are
.assembled, and ready to proceed to business.
A message was received from the House by Mr.
McNulty, their clerk, informing the Senate that a
quorum of that body had assembled, and were ready
to proceed to business.
On motion by Mr. WOODBURY, it was
Ordered, That a committee of two be appointed by the
President vro tem , to join such committee as might be ap-
pointed by the House to wait on the President of the United
States and inform him that a quorum of the two Houses had
assembled, and were ready to receive any communication he
might be pleased to make to them.
The CHAIR appointed Messrs. Woodbury and
Johnson the committee on the part of the Senate.
A message was subsequently received from the
House, informing the Senate that that body had
passed a similar resolution, and had appointed
Messrs. C. Johnson and Joseph R. Ingersoll a
committee on their part to join the committee of the
Senate. -
On motion by Mr. EVANS, it was
Resolved, That each senator be supplied duiing the pres
ent session with three such newspapers, printed in any of
the States, as he may choose, provided the same be furnished
at the usual rate forthe annual charge for such newspapels:
Jlnd provided, that if any senator shall choose to take any
newspaper other than daily papers, he shall be supplied
with as many such papers as shall not exceed the price of
three daily papers.
On motion of Mr. EVANS, it was
Ordered, That the daily hour for the meeting of the Sen
ate be 12 o'clock, until further ordered.
On motion by Mr. EVANS, the Senate then ad-
journed till to-morrow, 12 o'clock.
HOUSE OP REPRESENTATIVES.
Monday, December 2, 1844.
At 12 o'clock the House was called to order by
the Speaker; and the roll being called, the following
members answered to their names:
Maine.—Messrs. Joshua Herrick, Robert P. Dun-
lap, Luther Severance, Hannibal Hamlin, and Free-
man H- Morse.
New Hampshire.—Messrs. Edmund Burke, John
R. Reding, Moses Norris, and John P. Hale.
Massachusetts.—Messrs. Robert C. Winthrop,
Daniel P. King, William Parmenter, Charles Hud-
son, John Quincy Adams, Henry Williams, Joseph
Grinnell, Osmyn Baker, and Amos Abbott.
Rhode Island.—Messrs. Henry Y. Cranston, and
Elisha R. Potter.
Connecticut.—Messrs. Thomas H. Seymour, John
Stewart, and George H. Catlin.
Vermont.—Messrs. Solomon Foot, George P.
Marsh, and Paul Dillingham.
New York.—Messrs. Selah B. Strong, Henry C.
Murphy, J. Phillips Phcenix, Moses G. Leonard,
Hamilton Fish, Joseph H. Anderson, James G.
Clinton, Zadock Pratt, David L. Seymour, Daniel
D. Barnard, Charles Rogers, Lemuel Stetson, Ches-
selden Ellis, Charles S. Benton, Preston King, Or-
ville Hungerford, Jeremiah E. Cary, Orville Robin-
son, Horace Wheaton, George Rath bun, Amasa
Dana, Byram Green, William S. Hubbell, Asher
Tyler, William A. Moseley, and Albert Smith.
New Jersey.—Messrs. Isaac G. Farlee, Littleton
Kirkpatrick, and William Wright.
Pennsylvania —Messrs. Edward Joy Morris. Jos-
eph R. Ingersoll, Charles J. Ingersoll, Jacob S. Yost,
Michael H. .Tenks, Abraham R. Mcllvaine, Jere-
miah Brown, John Rittcr, Richard Brodliead, Ben-
jamin A. Bidlack, James Pollock, Alexander Ram-
sey, Henry Nes, James Black, James Irviri, An-
drew Stewart, John Dickey, Cornelius Darrah,
Samuel Hays, and Joseph Bufiington.
Delaware.—Mr. George B. Rodney.
Maryland.—-Messrs. John M. S. Causin, John P.
Kennedy, Jacob A. Preston, and John Wethered.
Virginia.—Messrs. Archibald Atkinson, George
C. Dromgoole, Edmund W. Hubard, William L.
Goggin, John W. Jones, Thomas H. Baily, Wil-
loughby Newton, Samuel Chilton, William Lucas,
William Taylor, Augustus A. Chapman, George
W. Hopkins, and Lewis Steenrod.
North Carolina.—Messrs. Thomas L. Clingman,
Daniel M. Barringer, David S. Reid, Edmund De-
berry, Romulus M. Saunders, James J. McKay,
John R. J. Daniel, and Archibald H. Arrington.
South Carolina.—Messrs. James A. Black, Rich-
ard F. Simpson, Armistead Burt, Isaac E. Holmes,
and R. Barnwell Rhett.
Georgia.—Messrs. Edward J. Black, Alexander
H. Stephens, Hugh A. Haralson, John H. Lump-
kin, Howell Cobb, and William H. Stiles.
Kentucky.—Messrs. Linn Boyd, Henry Grider,
George A. Caldwell, James W. Stone, John White,
William P. Thomasson, Garrett Davis, Richard
French, and John W. Tibbatts.
Tennessee.—Messrs. Andrew Johnson, William
T. Senter, Julius W. Blackwell, George W. Jones,
Cave Johnson, John B. Ashe, and Milton Brown.
Ohio.—Messrs. Alexander Duncan, John B.Wel-
" ler, Robert C. Sch'enck, Joseph Vance, Henry St.
John, Joseph J. McDowell, Elias Florence, Jacob
Brinkerhoff, Alexander Harper, Perley B. Johnson,
Samuel F. Vinton, Joseph Morris, James Mathews,
William C. McCauslen, Ezra Dean, and Joshua R.
Giddings. " •
Louisiana.—Messrs, John Slidell, Alcee. La-
branche, and John B. Dawson.
Indiana.—Messrs. Robert Dale Owen, Thomas J.
Henley, Thomas Smith, Caleb B. Smith, William
J. Brown, John W. Davis, Joseph A. Wright,
John Pettit, Samuel C. Sample, ana Andrew Ken-
nedy.
Mississippi.—Mr. Jacob Thompson.
Illinois.—Messrs. Robert Smith, John A. Mc-
Clernand, Orlando B. Ficklin, John Wentworth,
Stephen A. Douglass, Joseph P. Hogg, and John J.
Hardin.
Alabama.—Messrs. James Dellet, William W.
Payne, George S. Houston, Reuben Chapman,
and Felix G. RlcConnell.
Missouri.—Messrs. Gustavus M. Bower, James
B. Bowlin, James H. Relfe, and James M. Hughes.
Arkansas.—Mr. Edward Cross.
Michigan.—Messrs. Robert McClelland, Lucius
Lyon, and James B. Hunt.
DELEGATES PROM THE TERRITORIES.
Wisconsin.—Mr. Henry Dodge.
Iowa.—Mr. Augustus C. Dodge.
The following members, elected to supply vacan-
cies, were introduced, and, being qualified, they
took their seats:
The Hon. Benjamin White, from the State of
Maine; the Hon. Levy D. Carpenter, from the
State of New York; the Hon. George Fuller,
from the State of Pennsylvanio; the Hon. Edward
S. Hamlin, from the State of Ohio; the Hon. Al-
fred P. Stone, from the State of Ohio; the Hon.
Hon. William L. Yancey, from the State of Ala-
bama; and the Hon. Isaac E. Morse, from the
State of Louisiana.
On the motion of Mr. HOPKINS, the usual com-
munication was sent to the Senate, announcing to
that body that a quorum of this House was in at-
tendance and ready to proceed with its business.
Mr. CAVE JOHNSON moved the usual resolu-
tion for the appointment of a committee to join the
committee appointed by the Senate to wait upon the
President of the United States and inform hirn that
the two Houses of Congress were organized and
ready to receive from him any communication he
might have to offer.
The resolution v.-as adopted, and Messrs. Cave
Johnson and J. R. Inof-rsoli, were appointed the
committee on the part of this House.
CONGRESSIONAL CHAPLAINS.
Mr. HOLMES expressed the hope that the
House would now proceed to the election of a
chaplain for this House for the present session.
The SPEAKER suggested that the usual course
was to move the adoption of a joint resolution with
that object.
Mr. HOLMES then moved the usual resolution,
which was-as follows:
