CONGRESSIONAL GLOBfi.
3
to place beyond jeopardy the institutions under
which it is our happiness to live. That the deepest
interest has been manifested by all our countrymen
in the result of the election, is not less true than
highly creditable to them. Vast multitudes have
assembled, from time to time, at various places, for
the purpose of canvassing the merits and preten-
sions.of those who were presented for their suffrages,
but no armed soldiery has been necessary to restrain
within proper limits the popular zeal, or to prevent
violent outbreaks, A principle much more control-
ing was found in the love of order and obedience to
the laws, which, with mere individual exceptions,
every where possesses the American mind, and
controls with an influence far more powerful
than hosts of armed men. We cannot dwell
upon' this picture without recognising in it
that deep and devoted attachment on the part of
the people to the institutions under which we live,
which proclaims their perpetuity. The great objec-
tion which has always prevailed against the election
by the people of their chief executive officer, has
been the apprehension of tumults and disorders,
which might involve in ruin the entire government.
A security against this is found not only in the fact
before alluded to, but in the additional fact that we
live under a confederacy embracing already twenty-
six States, no one of which has power to control the
election. The popular vote in each State is taken
at the time appointed by the laws; and such vote is
announced by the electoral college, without refer-
ence to the decision of the other States. The right
of suffrage, and the mode of conducting the election,
are regulated by the laws of each State; and the elec-
tion is distinctly federative in all its prominent fea-
tures. Thus it is that, unlike what might be the
results under a consolidated system, riotous proceed-
ings, should they prevail, could only affect the elec-
tions in single States, without disturbing, to any dan-
gerous extent, the tranquillity of others. The great
ezperiment of a political confederacy—each mem-
ber of which is supreme as to all matters apper-
taining to its local interests, and its internal peace
and happiness, while, by a voluntary compact with
others, it confides to the united power of all, the protec-
tion of its citizens in matters not domestic—has been
so far crowned with complete success. The world has
witnessed its rapid growth in wealth and population;
and, under the guidance and direction of a superin-
tending Providence, the developments of the past
may be regarded but as the shadowing forth of the
mighty future. In the bright prospects of that fu-
ture, we shall find, as patriots and philanthropists,
the highest inducements to cultivate and cherish
a love of union, and to frown down every measure
or effort which may be made to alienate the States,
or the people of the States, in sentiment and feel-
ing, from each other. A rigid and close adherence
to the terms of our political compact, and, above
all, a sacred observance of the guaranties of the
constitution, will preserve union on a foundation
which cannot be shaken; while personal liberty is
placed beyond hazard or jeopardy. The guaranty
of religious freedom; of the freedom of the press; of
the liberty of speech; of the trial by jury; of the ha-
beas corpus, and of the domestic institutions of each
of the States—leaving the private citizen in the full
exercise of the high and enobling attributes of his
nature, and to each State the privilege which, can
only be judiciously exerted by itself, of consulting
the means best calculated to advance its own happi-
ness;—these are the great and important guaranties of
the constitution, which the lovers of liberty must
cherish, and the advocates of union must ever culti-
vate. Preserving these, and avoiding all interpola-
tions by forced construction, under the guise of an
imagined expediency, upon the constitution, the in-
fluence of our political system id destined to be as ac-
tively and as beneficially felt on the distant shores of
the Pacific, as it is now on those of ihe Atlantic
Ocean. The only formidable impediments in the
way of its successful expansion (time and space)
are so far in the progress of modification, by the im-
provements of the age, as to render no longer spec-
ulative the ability of representatives from" that re-
mote region to come up to the Capitol, so that their
constituents shall participate in all the benefits of
federal legislation. Thus it is, that in the progress
of time, the inestimable principles of civil liberty
will be enjoyed by millions yet unborn, and the
great benefits of^ our system of government be ex-
tended to now distant and uninhabited regions. In
view of the vast wilderness yet to be reclaimed, we
may well invite the lover of freedom, of every land,
to take up his abode among us, and assist us in the
great work of advancing the standard of civilization,
and giving a wider spread to the arts and refine-
ments of cultivated life. Our prayers should ever-
more be offered up to the Father of the Universe
for his wisdom to direct us in the path of our duty,
so as to enable us to consummate these high pur-
poses.
One of the strongest objections which has been
urged against confederacies, by writers on govern-
ment, is the liability of the members to be tampered
with by foreign governments, or the people of foreign
States, either in their .local affairs, or in such as af-
fected the peace of others, or endangered the safety
of the whole confederacy. We cannot hope to be
entirely exempt from such attempts on our pcace
and safety. The United States are becoming too
important in population and resources not to attract
the observation of other nations. It therefore
may, in the progress of time, occur that opinions
entirely abstract in the States in which they may
prevail, and in no degree affecting their domestic
institutions, may be artfully, but secretly, encour-
agtd with a view to undermine the Union. Such
opinions may become the foundation of political
parties, until at last the conflict of opinion, pro-
ducing an alienation of friendly feeling among the
people of the different States, may involve in one
general destruction the happy institutions under
whieh we live. It should ever be borne in mind,
that what is true in regard to individuals, is equally
so in regard to States. An interference of one in the
affairs of another is the fruitful source of family
dissensions and neigborhood disputes; and the same
cause affects the peace, happiness, and prosperity
of States. It may be most devoutly hoped that the
good sense of the American people will ever be
ready to repeal all such attempts, should they ever
be made.
, There has been no material changc in our foreign
relations since my last annual message to Congress.
With all the powers of Europe we continue on the
most friendly terms. Indeed, it affords me much
satisfaction to state, that at no former period has the
peace of that enlightened and important quarter of
the globe ever been, apparently, more firmly estab-
lished. The conviction that peace is the true pol-
icy of nations would seem to be growing and be-
coming deeper amongst the enlightened everywhere;
and there is no people who have a stronger inter-
est in cherishing the sentiment, and adopting the
means of preserving- and giving it permanence,°than
those of the United States. Amongst these, the
first and most effective are, no doubt, the strict ob-
servance of justice, and the honest and punctual
fulfilment of all engagements. But it is not to
be forgotten that, in the present state of the world,
it is no less necessary to be ready to enforce their
observance and fulfilment, in reference to ourselves,
than to observe and fulfil them, on our part, in re-
gard to others.
Since the close of your last session, a negotiation
has been formally entered upon between the Secre-
tary of State and her Britannic Majesty's minister
plenipotentiary and envoy extraordinary residing at
Washington, relative to the rights of their respective
nations in and over the Oregon territory. That ne-
gotiation is still pending. Should it, during your
session, be brought to a definitive conclusion, the
result will be promptly communicated to Congress.
I would, however, again call your attention to the
recommendations contained in previous messages,
designed to protect and facilitate emigration to that
Territory. 'The establishment of military posts at
suitable points upon the extended line of land travel
would enable our citizens to migrate m comparative
safety to the fertile regions '-elow the falls of the
Culumbta, and make the provision of the existing
convention for the joint occupation of the Tenitory
by subjects of Great Britain and the citizens of the
United States more available than heretofore to the
latter. These posts would continue places of rest for
the weary emigrant, where he would be sheltered
securely against the danger of attack from the In-
dians, and be enabled to recover from the exhaustion
of a long line of travel. Legislative enactments
should also be made whieh should spread over him
the a?gis of our laws, so as to afford protection to
his person and property when he shall have reached
his distant home. In this latter respect, the British
government has been much more careful of the inte-
rests of such of her people as are to be found in that
country than have the United States. She has made
necessary provision for their security and protection
against the acts of the viciously disposed and law-
less; and her emigrant reposes in safety under the
panoply ot her laws. Whatever may be the result
of the pending negotiation, such measures are ne-
cessary. It will afford me the greatest pleasure to
witness a happy and favorable termination to the
existing negotiation, upon terms compatible with
the public.honor; and the best efforts of the govern-
ment will continue to be directed to this end.
It would have given me the highest gratification,
in this, my last annual communication to Congress,
to have been able to announce to you the complete
and entire settlement and adjustment of other mat-
ters in difference between the United States and the
government of her Britannic Majesty, which where
adverted to in a previous message. It is so obviously
the interest of both countries, in respect to the large
and valuable commerce which exists between them,
that all causes of complaint, however inconsidera-
ble, should be, with the greatest promptitude, re-
moved, that it must be regarded as cause of regret
that any unnecessary delays should be permitted to
intervene. It is true that, in a pecuniary point of
view, the matters alluded to are altogether insig-
nificant in amount when compared with the ampla
resources of that great nation; but they neverthe-
less (more particularly that limited class which
arise under seizures and detentions of Americaa
ships on the coast of Africa, Upon -the mistaken sup-
position indulged in at the time the wrong was com-
mitted, of their being engaged in the slave trade)
deeply affect the sensibilities of this government and.
people. Great Britain having recognised her re-
sponsibility to repair all such wrongs, by her action
in other cases, leaves nothing to be regretted upon
this subject as to all cases prior to the treaty of
Washington, than the delay in making suitable rep-
aration in such of them as fall plainly within the
principle of others which she has long since adjust-
ed. The injury inflicted by delays in the settlement
of these claim falls with severity upon the individu-
al claimants, and makes a strong appeal to her mag-
nanimity and sense of justice for a speedy settle-
ment. Other matters, arising out of the construc-
tion of existing treaties, also remain unadjusted, and
will continue to be urged upon-her attention.
The labors of the joint committee appointed by
the two governments to run the dividing line, estab-
lished by the treaty of Washington, were, unfortu-
nately, much delayed in the commencement of the
season, by the failure of Congress, at the last ses-
sion, to make a timely appropriation of funds to
meet the expenses of the American party, and by
other causes. The United States commissioner,
however, expresses his expectation that, by in-
creased diligence and energy, the party will be able
to make up for lost time.
We continue to receive assurances of the most
friendly feelings on the part of all the other Europe-
an powers; with each and all of whom it is so ob-
viously our interest to cultivate the most amicable
relations. Nor can I anticipate the occurrence of
any event which would be likely, in any degree, to
disturb those relations. Russia, the great northern
power, under the judicious sway of her Emperor,
is constantly advancing in the road of science and
improvement; while France, guided by the counsels
of her wise, sovereign, pursues a course calcula-
ted to consolidate the general peace. Spain has ob-
tained a breathing spell of some duration from the
internal convulsions which have, through so many
years, marred her prosperity; while Austria, the
Netherlands, Prussia, Belgium,'and the other pow-
ers of Europe, reap a rich harvest of blessings from
the prevailing peace.
I informed the two Houses of Congress in my
message of December last, that instructions had
been given to Mr. Whcaton, oi-r minister at Berlin,
to negotiate a tienty v. ith the Germanic States
eon.pos'ng tlie Zoll Verem, if it could be done—
stipulating, as far as it was practicable to accomplish
it, for a reduction of the heavy and onerous duties
levied on our tobacco, and other leading articles of
agricultural production; and yielding, in return, on
our part, a reduction of duties on such articles the
production of their industry, as should not come in-
to competition, or but a limited one, with articles
the product of our manufacturing industry. The
executive, in giving such instructions, considered it-
self as acting in strict conf®rmity with the wishes
of Congress, as made known through several meas-
ures whieh it had adopted, all directed to the ac-
complishment of this important result. The treaty
was, therefore,' negotiated, by which essential re-
ductions were secured in the duties levied by the
Zoll Verein, on tobacco, rice, and lard, accompanied
by a stipulation for the admission of raw cotton free
