congressional globe.
of duty. In exchange for which highly important
concessions, a reduction of duties, imposed by the
laws of the United States on a variety of articles,
most of which were admitted free of all duty under
the act of Congress commonly known as the com-
promise law, and but few of which were produced
in the United States, was stipulated for on our part.
This treaty was communicated to the Senate at an
early day of its last session, but not acted upon un-
til near its close; when, for the want, as I am bound
to presume, of full time to consider it, it was laid
iipon the table. This procedure had the effect of
virtually rejecting it, in consequence of a stipulation
contaised in the treaty, that its ratifications should
be exchanged on or before a day which has already
passed. The executive, acting upon the fair infer-
ence that the Senate did not intend its absolute re-
jection, gave instructions to our minister at Berlin to
reopen the negotiation, so far as to obtain an exten-
sion of time (or the exchange of ratifications. I re-
gret, however, to say that his efforts in this respect
have been unsuccessful. I am, nevertheless, not
without hope that the great advantages which were
intended to be secured by the treaty may yet be re-
alized.
I am happy to inform you that Belgium has, by
an "arrete royale," issued in July last, assimilated
the flag of the United States to her own, so far as the
direct trade between the two countries is concerned.
This measure will prove of great service to our ship-
ping interest; -the trade having heretofore been car-
ied on chiefly in foreign bottoms. T flatter myself
that she will speedily resort to a modification of her
system relating to the tobacco trade, which would
decidedly benefit the agriculture of the United States,
and operate to the mutual advantage of both coun-
tries.
No definitive intelligence has yet been received
from our minister of the conclusion of a treaty with
the Chinese Empire; but enough is known to in-
duce the strongest hopes that the mission will be
crowned with success.
With Brazil our relations continue on the most
friendly footing. The commercial intercourse be-
tween that growing empire and the United States is
becoming daily of greater importance to both; and it
is the interest of both that the firmest relations of
amity and good will should continue to be culti-
vated between them.
The republic of New Grenada still withholds,
notwithstanding the most persevering efforts have
been employed by our charge d'affaires, Mr. Black-
ford, to produce a different result, indemnity in the
case of the brig "Morris." And the Congress of
Venezuela, although an arrangement has been effect-
ed between our minister and the minister of foreign
affairs of that government, for the payment of
$18,000, in discharge of its liabilities in the same
case, has altogether neglected to make provision for
its payment. It is to be hoped that a sense of jus-
tice will soon induce a settlement of these claims.
Our late minister to Chili, Mr. Pendleton, has re-
turned to the United States, without having effected
an adjustment in the second claim of the Macedo-
nian, which is delayed on grounds altogether frivo-
lous and untenable. Mr. Pendleton's successor has
been directed to urge the claim in the strongest
terms; and, in the event of a failure to obtain a per-
manent adjustment, to report the fact to the execu-
tive at as early a day as possible, so that the whole
matter may be communicated to Congress.
At your last session, I submitted to the attention
of Congress the convention with the Republic of
Peru, of the 17th of March, 1841, providing for the
adjustment of the claims of citizens of the United
States against that republic; but no definitive action
was taken upon the subject. 1 again invite to it
your attention and prompt action.
In my last annual message, I felt it to be my duty
to make known to Congress, in terms both plain
and emphatic, my opinion in regard to the war
which has so long existed between Mexico and
Texas; which, since the battle of San Jacinto, has
consisted altogether of predatory incursions, attend-
ed by circumstances revolting to humanity. I re-
peat now, what I then said, that, after eight years
of feeble and ineffectual efforts to recover Texas, it
was time that the war should have ceased.. The
United States had a direct interest in the question.
The contiguity of the two nations to our territory
was but too well calculated to involve our peace.
Unjust suspicions were engendered in the mind of
one or the other of the belligerents against us; and,
as a necessary consequence, American interests
were made to suffer, aji4 p\jr peace became daily
endangered. In addition to which, it must have
been obvious to all, that the exhaustion produced
by the war subjected both Mexico and Texas to
the interference of other powers, which, without the
interposition of this government, might eventuate in
the most serious injury to the United States. This
government, from time to time, exerted its friendly
offices to bring about a termination of hostilities
upon terms honorable alike to both the belligerents.
Its efforts in this behalf proved unavailing. Mexi-
co seemed almost without an object to persevere in
the war, and no other alternative was left the execu-
tive but to take advantage of the well known disposi-
tions of Texas, and to invite her to enter into a
treaty for annexing her territory to that of the United
States.
Since your last session, Mexico has threatened
to renew the war, and has either made, or proposes
to make, formidable preparations for invading
Texas. She has issued decrees and proclamations,
preparatory to the commencement of hostilities, full
of threats revolting to humanity; and which, if car-
ried into effect, would arouse the attention of all
Christendom. This new demonstration of feeling,
there is too mueh reason to believe, has been pro-
duced in consequence of the negotiation of the late
treaty of annexation with Texas. The executive,
therefore, could not be indifferent to such proceed-
ings; and it felt it to be due, as well to itself as to
the honor of the country, that a strong representa-
tion should be made to the Mexican government
upon the subject. This was accordingly done, as
will be seen by the copy of the accompanying des-
patch from the Secretary of State to the United
States envoy at Mexico. Mexico has no right to
jeopard the peace of the world, by urging any longer
a useless and fruitless contest. Such a condition of
things would not be tolerated on the European con-
tinent. Why should it be on this? A war of deso-
lation, such as is now threatened by Mexico, cannot
be waged without involving our peace and tran-
quillity. It is idle to believe that such a war could
be looked upon with indifference by our own citi-
zens inhabiting adjoining States; and our neutrality
would be violated, in despite of all efforts on the
part of the government to prevent it. The country
is settled by emigrants from the United States,
under invitations held out to them by Spain and
Mexico. Those emigrants have left behind them
friends and relatives who would not fail to sympa-
thize with them in their difficulties, and who would
be led by those sympathies to participate in their
struggles, however energetic the action of the govern-
ment to prevent it. Nor would the numerous and for-
midable bands of Indians, the most warlike to be found
in any land, which occupy the extensive regions
contiguous to the States of Arkansas and Missouri,
and who are in possession of large tracts of coun-
try within the limits of Texas, be likely to remain
passive. The inclination of those numerous tribes
leads them invariably to war whenever pretexts
exist.
✓ ^Mexico had no just ground of displeasure against
this government or people for negotiating the treaty.
What interest of hers was affected by the treaty?
She was despoiled of nothing, since Texas was for-
ever lost to her. The independence of Texas was
recognised by several of the leading powers of the
earth. She was free to treat—free to adopt her own
line of policy—free to take the course which she be-
lieved was best calculated to secure her happiness.
Her government and people decided on annexation
to the United States; and the executive saw, in the
acquisition of such a territory, the means of advance-
ing their permanent happiness and glory. What
principle of good faith, then, was violated? What
rule of political morals trampled under foot? So far
as Mexico herself was concerned, the measure should
have been regarded by her as highly beneficial. (Her
inability to reconquer Texas had been exhibited, I
repeat, by eight—now nine—years of fruitless and
ruinous contest. In the mean time, Texas has been
growing in population and resources. Emigration
has flowed into her territory, from all parts of the
world, in a current which continues to increase in
strength. Mexico requires a permanent boundary
between that young republic and hersalf. Texas, at
no distant day, if she continues separate and detached
from the United States, will inevitably seek to con-
solidate her strength by adding to her domain the
contiguous provinces of Mexico. The spirit of re-
volt from the control of the central government has,
heretofore, manifested itself in some of those prov-
inces; and it is fair to infer that they would be in-
clined to take the first favorable opportunity to pro-
claim their independence, and to form close alliances
with Texas. The war would thus be endless; or, if
cessations of hostilities should occur, they would
only endure for a season. The interests of Mexico,
therefore, could in-nothing be better consulted than
in a peace with her neighbors, which would result
in the establishment of a permanent boundary.
Upon the ratification of the treaty, the executive was
prepared to treat with her on the most liber&l basis.
Hence the boundaries - of Texas were left undefined
by the treaty. The executive proposed to settle
these upon terms that all the world should have pro-
nounced just and reasonable. No negotiation upon
that point could have been undertaken between the
United States and Mexico in advance of the ratifica-
tion of the treaty. We should have had no right,"
no power, no authority, to have conducted such a
negotiation; and, to have undertaken it, would have
been an assumption equally revolting to the pride of
Mexico and Texas, and subjecting us to the charge
of arrogance: while, to have proposed, in advance of
annexation, to satisfy Mexico for any contingent
interest she might have in Texas, would have been
to have treated Texas, not as an independent power,
but as a mere dependency of Mexico. This as-
sumption could not have been acted on by the ex-
ecutive without setting at defiance your own sol-
emn declaration that that republic was an indepen-
dent State. Mexico had, it is true, threatened war
against the United States, in the event the treaty
of annexation was ratified. The executive could
not permit itself to be influenced by this threat.
It represented in this the spirit of our people, who
are ready to sacrifice much for peace, but nothing to
intimidation. A war, under any circumstances, is
greatly to be deplored, and the United States is the
last nation to desire it; but if, as the condition of
peace, it be required of us to forego the unquestion-
able right of treating with an independent power, of
our own continent, upon matters highly interesting
to both, and that upon a naked and unsustained pre-
tension of claim by a third power, to control the
free will of the power with whom we treat—devoted
as we may be to peace, and anxious to cultivate
friendly relations with the whole world, the execu-
tive does not hesitate to say that the people of the
United States would be ready to brave all conse-
quences, sooner than submit to such condition. But
no apprehension of war was entertained by the ex-
ecutive; and 1 must express frankly the opinion that,
had the treaty been ratified by the Senate, it would
have been followed by a prompt settlement, to the
entire satisfaction of Mexico, of every matter in
difference between the two countries. Seeing, then,
that new preparations for hostile invasion of Texas
were about to be adopted by Mexico, and that these
were brought about because Texas has adopted the
suggestions of the executive upon the subject of an-
nexation, it could not passively have folded its arms
and permitted a war, threatened to be accompanied
by every act that could mark a barbarous age, to be
wa^ed against her because she had done so.
'-'"Other considerations of a controlling character in-
fluenced the course of the executive. The treaty
which had thus been negotiated, had failed to re-
ceive the ratification of the Senate. One of the chief
objections which were urged against it, was found
to consist in the fact that the question of annexation
had not been submitted to the ordeal of public opin-
ion in the United States. However untenable such
an objection was esteemed to be, in view of the un-
questionable power of the executive to negotiate the
treaty, and the great and lasting interests involved
in the question, I felt it to be my duty to submit
the whole subject to Congress as the best expound-
ers of popular sentiment. No definitive action hav-
ing been taken on the stibjcct by Congress, the
question referred itself directly to the decision of the
States and the people. The great popular election
which has just terminated afforded the best oppor-
tunity of ascertaining the will of the States and peo-
ple upon it. Pending that issue, it became the im-
perative duty ofthe executive to inform Mexico thai
the question of annexation was still before the
American people; and that, until their decision was
pronounced, any serious invasion "of Texas would
be regarded as an attempt to forestall their judgment,
and could not be looked upon with indifference.
I am most happy to inform you that no such
iuvasion has taken place, and I trust that, what-
ever your action may be upon it, Mexico will
see the importance of deciding the matter by a
resort to peaceful expedients, in preference to those
of arms. The decision of the people and the
States, on this great and interesting subject, ha?
