CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES.
Tuesday, December 3, 1844.
The SPEAKER called the House to order at 12
o'clock, and the journal of yesterday was read and
approved.
Mr. CAYE JOHNSON, from the committee ap-
pointed yesterday to wait upon the President of the
united States and inform him that the two Houses
of Congress were organized and ready to receive
any communication which he might have to make,
reported that they had discharged the duty assigned
to them,- and that the President informed them he
would communicate to the two Houses, at 12 o'clock
this, day, a message in writing.
" standing committees.
Mr. SAUNDERS submitted a resolution, which
was agreed to, as follows:
Resolved, That the usual standing committees be appoint-
ed under the rules and orders of the House.
abolition petitions.
Mr. ADAMS, pursuant to notice given yester-
day, submitted the following resolution:
Resolved, That the 25th standing rule for conducting the
business of this House, in the words following:
"No petition, memorial, resolution, or other paper pray-
ing the abolition of slavery in the District of Columbia, or
any State or Territory, or the slave trade between the States
or Territories of the United States in which it now exists,
shall be received by this House, or entertained in any way
whatever,"
be and the same is hereby rescinded.
Mr. ADAMS asked for the yeas and nays, and
they were ordered.
Mr. THOMPSON moved that the resolution be
laid upon the table.
Messrs. GIDDINGS and ADAMS simultane-
ously called for the yeas and nays, and they were
ordered.
J ohn Tyler, jr. esq., private secretary of the Presi-
dent of the United States, appeared below the bar,
and stated that he was directed by the President to
deliver to the House of Representatives a message in
writing.
The message was conveyed to the Speaker, and
Mr. THOMPSON hoped the message would be
read.
Mr. ADAMS said he hoped the calling of the
yeas and nays would be proceeded with.
The roll was then called, and the motion to lay on
the table was negatived—yeas 81, nays 104, as fol-
lows:
YEAS—Messrs. Arrington, Ashe, Atkinson, Baily, Bar-
ringer, Bidlack, Edward J. Black, James Black, James A.
Black, Blackweli, JBowlin, Boyd,M. Brown, W. J. Brown,
Burke, Burt, Caldwell, Causin, Reuben Chapman, Augustus
A. Chapman, Clinton, Cobb, Daniel, Garrett Davis, John
W. Davis, Dawson, Deberry. Dellet, Dromgoole, Ficklin,
French, Goggin, Grider, Haralson, Holmes, Hoge, Hopkins,
Houston, Hughes, Charles J. Ingersoll, Jameson, Cave
Jonnson, Andrew Johnson, George W. Jones, Preston King,
Labranclie, Lucas, Lumpkin, McClernand, McConnell, Mc-
Kay, Mathews, Isaac E. Morse, Murphy, Newton, Norris,
Payne, Peyton, David S. Reid, Reding, Relfe, Rhett, Rod-
ney, Saunders, Senter, Simpson, Slidell, Robert Smith,
Steenrod, Stephens, Stiles, James W. Stone, Alfred P. Stone,
Taylor, Thomasson, Thompson, Tibbatts, Weller, "Wood-
ward and Yancey—81.
NAYS—Messrs. Abbot, Adams, Anderson, Baker, Barnard,
Benton, Brink^rhoft', JBsodhead, Jeremiah Brown, Buffing
ton, Carpenter, Jeremiah E. Gary, Catlin, Chilton, Cling-
man, Collamer, Cranston, Dana, Darragh, Dean, Dickey,
Dillingham, Dunlap, Ellis, Elmer, Farlee, Fish, Florence,
Foot, Fuller, Giddings, Byram Green, Grinnell, Hale, Han-
nibal Hamlin, Edward S. Hamlin, Hardin, Harper, Henley,
Herrick, Hubbell, Hudson, Hungerford, James B. Hunt, Jo-
seph R. Ingersoll, In in, Jenks, Perley B. Johnson, Andrew
Kennedy, Daniel P.King, Kirkpatrick, Leonard, Lyon, Mc-
Causlen, McClelland, Mcllvaine, Marsh, Edward J. Morris,
Joseph Morris, Freeman H. Morse, Moseley, Nes, Owen,
Parmenter, Patterson, Pettit, Phoenix, Pollock, Elisha R. Pot-
ter, Pratt, Preston, Purdy, Ramsay, Rathbun, Ritter, Robin-
son, Rockwell, Rogers, St. John, Sample, Schenck, Sever-
ance, Thomas H. Seymour, David L. Seymour, Albert
Smith, John T. Smith, Thomas Smith, Caleb B. Smith, Stet-
son, Andrew Stewart, John Stewart, Tyler, Vance, Vinton,
Wentworth, Wethered, Wheaton, John White, Benjamin
White, Williams, Winthrop, William Wright, Joseph A.
"Wright and Yost—104.
The question recurred on the adoption of the res-
olution-on which the yeas and nays had been or-
dered,«and they resulted—yeas 108, nays 80, as fol-
lows:
YEAS—Messrs. Abbot, Adams, Anderson, Baker, Bar-
nard, Benton, James Black, Erinkerhoft", Brodhead, Jere-
miah Brown, Buflington, Carpenter, Jeremiah E. Cary, Cat-
lin, Clingman, Clinton, Collamer, Cranston, Dana, Darragh,
Dean, Dickey, Dillingham, Duncan, Dunlap, Ellis, Elmer,
Farlee, Fish, Florence, Foot, Fuller, Giddings, Byram
Green, Grinnell, Hale, Hannibal Hamlin, Edward S. Ham-
lin* Hardin, Harper, Henley, Herrick, Hubbell, Hudson,
Hungerford, James B. Hunt, Joseph R. Ingersoll, Irvin,
Jenks, Perley B. Johnson, Andrew Kennedy, John P. Ken-
nedy, Daniel P. King, Kirkpatrick, Leonard, Lyon, McCaus-
len, McClelland, McDowell, Mcllvaine, Marsh, Edward J.
Morris, Joseph Morris, Freeman H. Morse, Moseley, Nes,
Owen, Parmenter, Patterson, Pettit, Phcenix, Pollock, Elisha
R. Potter, Pratt, Preston, Purdy, Ramsey, Rathbun, Ritter,
Robinson, Rockwell, Rogers, St. John, Sample, Schenck,
Severance, Thomas H. Seymour, David L. Seymour, Albert
Smith, John T. Smith, Thomas Smith, Caleb B. Smith, Stet-
son, Andrew Stewart, John Stewart, Tyler, Vance, Vinton,
Wentworth, Wethered, Wheaton, John White, Benjamin
White, Williams, Winthrop, William Wright, Joseph A.
"Wright, and Yost—108
NAYS—Messrs. Arrington, Ashe, Atkinson, Baily, Bar-
ringer, Bidlack, Edward J. Black, James A, Black, Black-
well, Bowlin, Boyd, Milton Brown, William J. Brown,
Burke, Burt, Caldwell, Causin, Reuben Chapman, Augus
tus A. Chapman, Chilton, Cobb, Daniel, Garrett Davis, John
W. Davis, Dawson, Deberry, Dellet, Dromgoole, Ficklin,
French, Goggin, Grider, Haralson, Holmes, Hoge, Hopkins,
Houston, Hubard, Hughes, Charles J. Ingersoll, Jameson,
Cave Johnson, Andrew Johnson, George W. Jones, Preston
King, Labranche, Lucas, Lumpkin, McClernand, McCon-
nell, McKay, Mathews, Isaac E. Morse, Murphy, Newton,
Norris, Payne, Peyton, David S. Reid, Reding, Relfe, Rhett,
Rodney, Saunders, Senter, Simpson, Slidell, Robert Smith,
Steenrod, Stephens, Stiles, James W. Stone, Alfred P. Stone,
Taylor, Thomasson, Thompson, Tibbatts, .Weller, Wood-
ward, and Yancey—80.
So the resolution was adopted.
the president's message.
Mr. C. JOHNSON moved that the message re-
ceived from the President be now read; and it was
read accordingly.
[See Senate proceedings.]
Mr. WELLER moved that the President's mes-
sage be laid upon the table, and that 15,000 copies
thereof be printed—10,000 with the accompanying
documents, and '5,000 without the documents.
Mr. J. W. DAVIS thought the motion of the
fentleman from Ohio was not the proper one. He
eemed another form of resolution more appropri-
ate, and he had prepared such resolution for sub-
mission to the House, as fallows:
Resolved, That the message of the President of the United
States be referred to the Committee of the "Whole on the
state of the Union, and that 15,000 copies thereof be print-
ed—10,000 with the accompanying documents, and .5,000
without the accompanying documents, for the use of the
House.
Mr. "WELLER accepted the suggested amendment,
though lie would, at the same time, inform the gen-
tleman from Indiana, that the course suggested by
that gentleman was not the uniform course pursued
by this House. It was so in olden time, but not
for the last few years, during which the^President's
message had been referred to the appropriate stand-
ing committees.
Mr. WENTWORTH moved to amend the mo-
tion by the addition of the words "and 2,000 copies
in the German language, without the accompanying
documents."
Mr. HALE moved to amend the amendment, by
adding the words, "and every other tongue talked
in the United States of America." [Laughter, and
cries of "what! In the Cherokee?"]
Mr. McCONNELL suggested that a suitable
number should be printed in the Old Congo lan-
guage.
The SPEAKER put the question on the amend-
ment to the amendment, (Mr. Hale's,) and it was
agreed to.
The question then recurred on the amendment
of Mr. Wentworth as amended.
Mr. WELLER inquired if he could withdraw
his acceptance of the substitute of the gentleman
from Indiana [Mr. Davis] for the motion which
he had submitted.
The SPEAKER replied that the gentleman could
not withdraw his ac eptance, the House being en-
gaged in acting upon the amendments thereto.
The question was then taken on the amendment
as amended, and it was negatived.
The question then recurred on the motion of Mr.
Weller, as amended on the suggestion of Mr. J.
W. Davis.
Mr. PARMENTER hoped the course
by the gentleman from Indiana, [Mr. Davis,] and
adopted by the gentleman from Ohio, [Mr. Wel-
ler,] would not meet the approbation of the House.
It had been the custom of late years to refer the dif-
ferent subjects in the President's message to the
standing committees, though formerly the message
had been referred to the Committee of the Whole
on the state of the Union. The latter custom had
been pursued for the purpose of a general debate
thereon; but that object had more recently been at-
tained in other ways; and if the motion of the gentle-
man from Indiana prevailed, no advantage would be
gained; but it would necessarily follow that the
matters contained in the message would be taken
from the standing committees to which they belong-
ed. There were subjects in the message which
could only with propriety be first considered by the
Committee on Military Affairs; others that belong-
ed to the Committee on Naval Affairs; and some
which belonged to other committees; he therefore
hoped the motion would prevail as originally sub-
mitted by the gentleman from Ohio, [Mr. Weller,]
with a difference in relation to the printing; believing,
as he did, that 15,000 copies, with the accompany-
ing documents, would not be more than the House
required. He therefore would move to strike out
that part of the resolution by which it was proposed
to refer the message to the Committee of the Whole
on the state of the Union, and so to change the other
Eart as to make it conform to the suggestions he
ad made.
Mr. DAVIS of Indiana observed that he had
drawn his resolution in accordance with the practice
which formerly prevailed in the House, and, he
had supposed, in accordance with the views enter-
tained by his friend from Massachusetts, [Mr.
Parmenter.] Some of his friends objected because
the resolution did not conform to the practice of a
more recent date; but'he thought that the old prac-
tice was the preferable one. He saw no advantage
that would result in departing from the' old usage,
and hoped it would now be adhered to.
Mr. PARMENTER moved to amend the resolu-
tion, by striking out all after the word "resolved,"
and inserting~"That the President's message, with
the accompanying documents, be printed for the
use of the House, and that 10,000 extra copies of
the message and documents Tje also printed."
Mr. DROMGOOLE inquired whether a motion
to lay on the table would be in order, after a motion
had been made to refer the subject to the Committee
of the Whole.
The SPEAKER said that there was no motion
pending to lay the message on the table.
Mr. DROMGOOLE observed that he understood
the gentleman from Massachusetts to say he in-
tended to make a motion to lay the message on the
table—and he would suggest to him, as he ha3
offered an argument against the reference to the
Committee of the Whole, to permit the vote to be
taken on that question. While up, he begged leave
to express the" hope that the House would restore
the ancient usage of referring the President's mes-
sage and documents" to the Committee of the Whole
on the state of the Union, where a discussion on ■
the various interests of the country would be most
appropriate. The Committee of the Whole was the
proper place for such a discussion; and the practice
of discussing the President's message there had al-
ways pravailed till within a few years past, when,
in times of high party excitement, it was thought ex-
pedient to take a different course.
Mr. PARMENTER was well aware that the
former practice was to discuss the subjects embraced
in the President's message in Committee of the
Whole; but he was also aware that this practice al-
ways led to a long debate, perhaps of three or four
weeks, to the neglect of the other business of the
country. He was still of opinion that the most ap-
propriate course would be, after the standing com-
mittees were appointed, to parcel out the message
among them according to the subjects that will come
within their supervision.
Mr. ROBERT SMITH inquired whether it
would be in order to move the printing of 2,500
copies of the message and documents in the German
language.
The SPEAKER replied that such a motion would
be in order.
Mr. ROBERT SMITH then moved that 2,500
copies of the message and documents be printed in
the German language; and on that motion he called
for the previous question.
On taking the question on the demand for the pre-
vious question, it was found that the House refused
to second it.
Mr. HALE moved to amend Mr. Robert Smith's
amendment, by adding, "and the same number in
every other language spoken in the United States."
The SPEAKER said that Mr. Hale's amend-
ment was not in order.
Mr. ROBERT SMITH called for the yeae and
nays; but they were not ordered.
The question was put, on Mr. Smith's amend-
ment, and it was rejected..
The question wae put on agreeing to the amend-
ment, and resulted in ayes 74, noes 32—no quorum
voting.
