19
CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
on the details of the bill, these could be as readily
reconciled in Committee of the Whole as in one
of the standing committees, and time would be saved
by considering it in the first. He trusted that
the motion of the gentleman from Virginia
to refer the subject to the Committee of the
Whole would prevail; for, by such reference,
every member would have an opportunity to point
out such amendments as might appear to him ne-
cessary or proper.
Mr. J. R. INGERSOLL observed that it was
evident there was a disposition on all sides of the
House to pass the bill. It had friends every where,
and no one was disposed to obstruct or delay it.
But in proportion to the desire to pass it into a law,
there was the same desire to render it perfect in all
its details before finally acting on it. It seemed to
him that the proper mode of arriving at that desira-
ble result was to refer it to the Committee on the
Judiciary, which was the committee constituted to
take charge of such subjects. A reference to the
Committee of the "Whole House would make it
everybody's business, and therefore nobody's busi-
ness. He hoped, therefore, that it would be refer-
red to the Committee on the Judiciary: that an
early report would be made in it, and that it would
finally pass the House time enough to be acted on
in the other body.
Mr. ELMER, said he hoped the motion to post-
pone would prevail. It had been made for the ex-
press object of sending the bill to a standing com-
mittee when it should again come, before the House.
He was in favor of postpoing it, because it would
save time, and facilitate the passage of th6 bill. In
his judgment, this bill was not framed to meet the
constitution. They all knew that it was very dif-
ficult to engraft amendments upon a bill in Com-
mittee of the Whole; they came in on the authority
of the individual mover, and members had no time
to examine them. But when they came from a
standing committee, they came with the assurance
that they had been fully examined; and he believed,
from the expression of opinion they had already
had, that if the bill came from a standing commit-
tee, in this way it would pass without debate; but if
it was permitted to go, with no examination, to the
Committee of the Whole, it would be debated, and
its passage be delayed.
This (continued Mr. E.) was one of the most
important subjects upon which they could legislate;
it was one most likely to affect the tranquillity and
peace of the country. As he had occasion to re-
mark at a former time, -if there was a subject on
which they ought to be particular in their action, it
was this subject of the presidential election. Let
there once come up among the people of the United
States a controversy as to who had been legally
elected President, and no man could tell what would
be the result. Ought they not, then, when approach-
ing this most delicate of all subjects, to approach it
with deliberation and care? And when they took into
consideration the fact stated by experienced mem-
bers on this floor, that this would be the first in-
stance in which a bill, presented on leave, had gone
to the Committee of the Whole on the state of the
Union without reference to a standing committee
was not that an additional reason why they should
send this bill, as they did others, to a standing com-
mittee? He hoped it would receive this direction;
and his object in his motion was to facilitate the pas-
sage of the bill.
Mr. EDWARD J. BLACK inquired of the gen-
tleman from Maine, [Mr. Hamlin,] whether it was
his purpose, after this bill had been made the order
of the day for Monday, then to refer it to a stand-
ing committee.
Mr. Hamlin's reply was not heard.
Mr. E. J. BLACK said, if that was thegentleman's
purpose, he should vote against it. He was wil-
ling to see the motion of the 'gentleman from Vir-
ginia [Mr. Dromgoole] prevail; but that this bill
should be made the order of the day for any par-
ticular day, and then be referred to any committee,
was a censure upon this House. It was saying that
the Committee of the Whole had not as much cir-
cumspection, caution, or patriotism in its proceed-
ings as any standing committee of the Hsuse.
There was no man, who had been here any length
of time, who did not know that, whenever they sent
a bill to any of the standing committees, they con-
signed it t« the tomb of the Capulets. He hoped it
would not be sent to any of their standing commit-
tees. If it were the bona fide intention of the House
to pas* this bill—isolated as it was,and of importance,
of the last importance, to the people of this country—
he hoped they would take it up in Committee of the
Whole, and there discuss it, perfect it in its details,
and pass it. He had every confidence in the Com-
mittee of the Whole. He believed there was great-
er wisdom and better counsel there than frequently
prevailed in the chambers of their standing com-
mittees—most particularly the Committee of Elec-
tions. It was the very last committee in the whole
world to which he would refer any subject which he
desired to see perfected and passed. He had watch-
ed the course of that committee for some years. He
did not mean to say that they were not an industrious,
an intelligent, and a patriotic committee; but it was
a committee always so encumbered with business
that it was physically impossible for them to report
any bill at an early period. The people whom he
represented—he meant the whole people of Georgia,
whom he represented, and not any particular dis-
trict, [laughter]—desired this bill to be passed.
They were a people proud of their elective franchise
—-a people who desired to exercise that franchise
within the limits of their own State. They desired
no help from abroad; and he thought, as they had
tested at the late election in Georgia, that they were
able to sustain democratic measures without assist-
ance from abroad. He hoped every State in the
Union would be allowed to vote for electors for Pres-
ident and Vice President-on a particular day. He
professed to be deeply interested in this bill; and he
hoped„that the motion to refer it to the Committee of
the Whole, where they could amend it if it were
not what it ought to be, would prevail.
Mr. DUNCAN said, as he was determined the
people should kno.w where the blame for the pro-
crastination and postponement of this bill rested,
he should call the yeas and nays at every step.
He cared not how honest a member might be, or
how friendly to the bill, who advocated it. He said
any other course than that proposed by the gentle-
man from Virginia, [Mr. Dromgoole,] was calcu-
lated to defeat the bill for this shortsession. He there-
fore demanded the yeas and 011 the motion to post-
pone.
After some conversation upon a point of order
by Messrs. ELMER, HAMLIN, WELLER, and
the SPEAKER,
Mr. ELMER modified his motion so as to post-
pone the_ bill until Monday next (without making it
the special order) and to print it.
Mr. HAMLIN said he should vote cheerfully for
this motion, and that with the same motive with
which the gentleman, from Ohio [Mr. Dcncan] op-
posed it, aud called the yeas and nays, viz: for the
purpose of advancing the progress of this bill as fast
as possible. For this reason, and for no other, should
he vote for the motion to postpone.
The yeas and nays were ordered on the motion
to postpone until Monday next, and to print; and,
being taken, resulted-—yeas 31, nays 146, as fol-
lows :
YEAS—Messrs. Abbot, Adams, Baily, Baker, Barnard
William J. Broun, Jeremiah Brown, Burt, Garrett Davis'
Dellet, Elmer, Gitklmgs, Gnnnell, Hannibal Hamlin, Hud'
son, Joseph R Ingersoll, Irvin, Terley B Johnson, Darnel
P. King, Mcllvame, Edward J, Morris, J<reeman H. Moise
Paterson, 1'hcenix, Elisha R. Potter, Kockwell, Rodney'
Severance ,Vinton, Williams, and Wmthrop—31.
NAYS—Messrs. Anderson, Arnngton, Ashe, Atkinson
Barrmger, Benton, Bidlack, Edwaid J. Black, James Black'
J dines A. Black, Bldckwt-,11, Bower, Bowlm, Boyd Brmkev-
hoft; Brodhead, Buffington, Burke, Caldwell, Carpenter
Jeremiah E. Cary, Carroll, Catlin, Kenben Chapman. Au-
gustus A. Chapman, Chilton, Clmgman, Clinton, Cobb
Cranston, Dana, Daniel, John '\V. Davis, Dawson, Dean'
Deberry, Dickey, Dillingham, Dronigonie, Duncan, Dunlap'
Ellis, Farlee, Ficklm, Fish, Florence, Foot, French FulieV
Goggin, Byram Gieen, Grider, Hale, Edward S Hamlm'
Hammett, Haralson, Harper, Henley. Herrick Holmes'
Hoge. Hopkins, Houston, Hubard. Hubbell, Hughes Hnn-
gerlord, James B.Hunt, Charles J. Ingersoll, Jameson
Jenks, Cave Johnson, Andiew Johnson, George V/ Jones'
Preston King, Kirkpatrick, Labranche, Leonard, Lucas'
Lumpkin, Lyon, McCausleu, McClelland, McCleraand
McConnell, McDowell, McKay, Mathews, Joseph Morris'
Isaac E. Morse, Moseley, Murphy, Nes, Newton, Nor-
S8' Paraienter, Peyton, Pollock, Pratt, Preston
Purdy, Ramsey, Kathbun, David S. Reid, Redin«- Relfe'
Ititter, Robinson, Rogers, Russell, St. John, Sampfe, Saun-
ders, Senter Thomas H Seymour, David L. Seymour
Simpson, Shdell, John T. Smith, Thomas Smith, Robert
Smith, bteenrod, Stephens, Stetson, Andrew Stewart, John
Stewart, Stiles, James W. Stone, Alfred P. Stone, Summers,
Taylor, Thompson, Thompson, Tibbatts, Tyler Vance
Weller Wentworth, iVhoaton, John White, Benjamin
White, Woodward, Joseph A. Wright, Yancey, and Yost
—146.
So the motion of Mr. Elmer was rejected.
The question then recurring on the motion of Mr.
Dromgoole to refer the bill to the Committee of the
Whole on the state of the Union} and to print it3
was taken, and decided in the affirmative without a
division.
So the motion ofMr. Dromgoole wag agreed to,
DISTRICT BANKS.
Mr. BURKE asked leave to offer the following
resolution:
Resolved, That a select committee of five merabers be ap-
pointed to inquire whether the banks of the District of Co-
lumbia, or any o£them, whose charters have expired, have,
since the expiration of their respective charters, exercised
any banking powers, or done any other business except to
liquidate and close up their affairs; and whether the trustee
or trustees, assignee or assignees, receiver or receivers, ap-
pointed by or on behalf of any of said banks, have, in the
name of such bank or banks, or in the capacity of trustees,
assignees, or receivers, exercised any banking powers, or
done other business in the name or on the behalf of said
banks, except to liquidate and close up their affairs; and
whether any deposites of the public money have been made
in said banks, or either of them, or in the hands of the trus-
tee or trustees, assignee or assignees, receiver or receivers
of said banks, by the treasurer or other ofiicer of the United
States since the expiration of their respective charters; and
whether said banks or their trustees, assignees, or receivers,
have, since the expiration of their respective charters, is-
sued any certificates of deposite or any other instrument as
a substitute fer, or in place of, a circulating medium; and
also to inquire into all other matters concerning said banks,
not specified above; and that said committee have power to
send for persons and papers."
No objection being made, the resolution was re-
ceived; and the question being taken, was decided
in the affirmative without a division.
So the resolution was adopted.
ELECTION OF CHAPLAIN.
Mr. HOLMES moved that the House now pro-
ceed to the election of a chaplain, in conformity with
the joint resolution of the two Houses in relation
thereto.
The motion wag agreed to, and the following
nominations were made:
Mr. HALE nominated the Rev. Ed. E. Hale, of
the Unitarian church.
Mr. JOSEPH A. WRIGHT nominated the Rev,
W. ISf. Daily, Methodist.
Mr. PARMENTER nominated the Rev. Rodney
A. Miller, Congregationalist.
Mr. NES nominated the Rev. Dr. Muller, Luthe-
ran.
Mr. FRENCH nominated the Rev. Thomas J.
Fisher, Baptist.
Mr. J. R. INGERSOLL nominated the Rev.
Thomas G-. Allen, Episcopal.
Mr. HUBARD nominated the Rev. Isaac S.
Tinsley, Baptist.
The SPEAKER appointed. Messrs. Parmenter,
Hale, and Henley, tellers, who took the vote viva
voce; and reported by Mr. Hale that the following
was the result of the voting:
Whole number of votes given   182
Necessary to a choice.  * ] .92
Of which Mr. Daily received.  " *41
Mr. Tinsley 32
Mr. Miller.    ..!!.*!.*' "31
Mr. Fisher    * * *90
Mr. Allen  
Mr. Muller  
Mr. Hale 
The following is the vote:
.20
.16
.14
For J\Ir. Daily.
Messrs. Atkinson Bidkclf, James Black, James
A. .Black, Bowhn, Brodhead, Milton Brown, Wil-
liam J. Brown, Collamer, Cranston, Dana, JohnW
Davis, Dean, Dillingham, Ficktin, Giddirigs, E.
™ ofn i IJ?raJ-SOn',?e'?ley' HoSe> A' Kennedy,
McClelland, A'TcKay. Mathews, Owen, Peyton, Pur-
dy, RelfejRogers, Sample, Senter, Simpson, Albert
Smith, Thomas Smith, Caleb B. Srmth, Robert
fi?1.1> .Stephens^, Tilden, Wentworth, Joseph A.
Wright, and the Speaker.
For Mr. Tinsleij.
Messrs. Baily, Blackwell, Reuben Chapman,
Chilton, Cobb, Dawson, Elmer, Farlee, Goggin,
Hammett, Holmes, Hopkins, Houston, Hubard,
Irvin, A. Johnson, Labranche, Leonard, Lumpkin,
Moseley, JNewton, Patterson, David S. Reid, Redm°-
Steenrod, Summers, Taylor, Thompson, Wheaton
Woodward, Yancey, and Yost.
For Mr. Miller.
Messrs. Abbot, Anderson, Benton, Brinkerhoff,
Catlm, Augustus A. Chapman, Clinton, Douglass
h31|' " Blrdm Gree"> Hannibal
Hamlin^ Herrick, Hubbell, Hungerford, James B.
Hunt, Preston King, -McCausIenT Joseph Morris,
Murphy, Parmenter, Pratt, St. John, Thomas
