CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
11
Seymour, David L. Seymour, Stetson, John Stew-
art, Alfred P. Stone, Benjamin White, and Wil-
liams.
for Mr. Fisher.
Messrs. Arlington, Ashe, Bower, Boyd, Burt,
Caldwell, Clingman, Garrett Davis, Deberry, Flor-
ence, French, Grider, Hardin, Hughes, Jameson,
Perley B. Johnson, McClernard, MeConnell, Mc-
Dowell, Rathbun, Saunders, Andrew Stewart, James
W. Stone, Thomasson, Tibbatts, Vance, Vinton,
and John White.
For Mr. Allen.
Messrs. Barnard, Buffington, Carpenter, J. E.Cary,
Carroll, Daniel, Dickey, Fish, Fuller, Harper, C.
J. Ingersoll, Joseph R. Ingersoll, Jenks, Mellvaine,
Edward J. Morris, Rhett, Rodney, John T. Smith,
Tyler, and William Wright.
For Mr. Muller.
Messrs. Adams,Barringer, J. Brown, Causin, Dar-
ragh, Duncan, Foot, Cave Johnson, Lucas, Marsh,
Nes, Pollock, Preston, Ramsey, Russell,and Weth-
ered.
For Mr. Hale.
Messrs. Baker, Edward J. Black, Burke, Grin-
nell, Hale, Hudson, Daniel P. King, Kirkpatrick,
Norris, Elisha R. Potter, Rockwell, Schenck, Sev-
erance, and Winthrop.
No one having received a majority of the votes
given, no choice was made; and another vote was
taken, and resulted thus:
Whole number of votes 172
Necessary to a choice 87
Of which Mr. Daily received 61
Mr. Tinsley    27
Mr. Miller   27
Mr. Fisher 24
Mr. Allen   19
Mr. Muller....7. 7
Mr. Hale 7
The following is the vote:
For Mr. Daily.
Messrs. Atkinson, Benton, Bidlack, James Black,
James A. Black, Bowlin, Brodhead, William J.
Brown, Buffington, Jeremiah E. Cary, Catlin, Col-
lamer, Cranston, Dana, John W. Davis, Dean, De-
berry, Dillingham, Douglass, Dunlap, Elmer, Fick-
lin, Giddings, Byram Green, Edward S. Hamlin,
Haralson, Hardin, Harper, Henley, Herrick, Hoge,
Jenks, Cave Johnson, George W. Jones, Andrew
Kennedy, Daniel P. King, McClelland, McCIcr-
nand, McDowell, Marsh, Mathews, Owen, Peyton,
Purdy, Rathbun, Relfe, Rockwell, Rogers, Sample,
Saunders, Senter, Thomas H. Seymour, Simpson,
Albert Smith, Thomas Smith, Caleb B. Smith,
Robert Smith, Alfred P. Stone, Tilden, Wentworth,
and Joseph A. Wright.
For Mr. Tinsley.
Messrs. Baily, Blackwell, Burt, Carpenter, Reu-
ben Chapman, Chilton, Cobb, Dawson, Farlee,
Hammett, Holmes, Hubard, Hudson, Kirkpatrick,
Leonard, Lumpkin, Moseley, Newton, David S.
Reid, Stiles,Taylor, Thompson, Wheaton, Wood-
ward, William Wright, Yancey, and Yost.
For Mr. Fisher.
Messrs. Arrington, Ashe, Bower, Boyd, Cald-
well, Clingman, Garrett Davis, Florence, French,
Grider, Hughes, Jameson, Perley B. Johnson, Mc-
Kay, Pollock, Schenck, Severance, Siidell, Ste-
phens, James W- Stone, Thomasson, Tibbatts,
Vance, and John White.
For Mr. Miller.
Messrs Abbot, Brinkerhoff, Augustus A. Chap-
man, Clinton, Dromgoole, Hannibal Hamlin, Hop-
kins, Hubbell, Hungerford, James B. Hunt, Pres-
ton King, McCauslen, MeConnell, Joseph Morris,
Murphy, Norris, Parmenter, Paterson, Pratt, Red-
ing, St. John, David L. Seymour, Steenrod, Stet-
son, John Stewart, Benjamin White, and Williams.
For Mr. Muller.
Messrs. Barringer, Causin, Duncan, Foot, Rus-
sell, Vinton, and Wethered.
For Mr. Hale.
Messrs. Adams, Edward J. Black, Burke, Grin-
nell, Hale, Elisha R. Potter, and Winthrop.
For Mr. Allen.
Messrs. Barnard, Jeremiah Brown, Carroll, Dan-
iel, Darragh, Dickey, Fish, Fuller, Charles J. Inger-
soll, J. R. Ingersoll, Irvin, Mellvaine, Edward J.
Morris, Preston, Rhett, Rodney, John T. Smith,
Summers, and Tyler.
No choice having been made, the House proceed-
ed to another vote; which resulted as follows:
Whole number of votes % 16G
Necessary to a choice   84
Of which Mr. Daily received   104
Mr. Tinsley        14
Mr. Miller 16
Mr. Fisher  25
Mr. Allen. 6
Mr. Muller 1
So the Rev. Mr. Daily was declared to be duly
elected as chaplain on the part of the House.
The following is the vote:
For Mr. Daily.
Messrs. Abbot, Adams, Ashe, Atkinson, Barrin-
fer, Benton, Bidlack, James Black, James A. Black,
iowlin, Brinkerhoff, Brodhead, William J. Brown,
Carpenter, J. E. Cary, Carroll, Catlin, Causin, Cling-
man, Clinton, Collamer, Cranston, Dana, J. W. Da-
vis, Deberry, Dickey, Dillingham, Douglass, Drom-
goole, Duncan, Dunlap, Ellis, Elmer, Farlee, Fick-
lin, Foot, Giddings, B. Green, Grinnell, E. S. Ham-
lin, Hammett, Haralson, Henley, Herrick, Hoge,
Hubbell, Hungerford, James B. Hunt, Irvin, Jame-
son, Jenks, Cave Johnson, G. W. Jones, Andrew
Kennedy, Preston King, Daniel P. King, Kirkpat-
rick, Leonard, Lucas, McClelland, McClernand,
MeConnell, McDowell, Mellvaine, Mathews, Jo-
seph Morris, Murphy, Newton, Owen,Payne, Pey-
ton, Pollock, Elisha R. Potter, Purdy, Reding,
Relfe, Ritter, Rockwell, Rogers, Russell, St. John,
Sample, Saunders, Senter, Thomas H. Seymour,
Simpson, John T. Smith, Thomas Smith, Caleb B.
Smith, Robert Smith, Stetson, Andrew Stewart,
John Stewart, Stone, Summers, Jacob Thompson,
Tilden, Vance, Wentworth, Wheaton, Williams,
Winthrop, Woodward, and Joseph A. Wright.
For Mr. Tinsley.
Messrs. Edward J. Black, Burt, Reuben Chap-
man, Cobb, Dawson, Goggin, Holmes, Hubard,
Lumpkin, Moseley, David S. Reid, Stiles, Yancey,
and Yost.
For Mr. Fisher.
Messrs. Arrington, Bower, Boyd, Jeremiah
Browr., Buffington, Caldwell, Chilton, Daniel,
Garrett Davis, Fish, Florence, French, Harper,
Perley B. Johnson, Edward Joy Morris, Ramsey,
Rodney, Schenck, Stephens, James W. Stone,
Thompson, Tibbatts, Tyler, John White, and Wil-
liam Wright.
For Mr. Miller.
Messrs. Baily, Blackwell, Burke, Augustus A.
Chapman, Hannibal Hamlin, Hopkins, Hughes,
Andrew Johnson, McCauslen, Norris, Parmenter,
Pratt, David L. Seymour, Steenrod, Taylor, and
Benjamin White.
For Mr. Allen.
Messrs. Barnard, Dellet, Joseph R. Ingersoll,
Preston, and Vance.
For Mr. Muller.
Mr. Wethered.
The House then adjourned.
IN SENATE.
Thursday, December 5, 1844.
Mr. Walker, in addition to those senators here-
tofore announced, appeared in his seat to-day.
Mr. WOODBURY presented the petition of
Thomas D. Morrison, praying a change in the pen-
sion laws; which was ordered to lie on the table un-
til the committees are appointed.
The following resolution, submitted by Mr. Ben-
ton yesterday, was taken up and agreed to, viz:
Resolved, That the President of the United States be re-
quested to communicate to the Senate a copy of ail the
proceedings in the case of the inquiry into the official con-
duct of Silas Reid, esq., principal survey or of Missouri and
Illinois, so as to show a full view oi ail the complaints
against him, and of all the evidence taken m relation
thereto, and the decision of the President thereupon.
The CHAIR stated that the standing committees
would be announced on Monday, in accordance with
the usual practice.
Mr. SEMPLE gave notice that he would to-mor-
row ask leave to introduce a bill to extend the Cum-
berland road to the city of Alton; and a bill grant-
ing an additional quantity of land to aid in the con-
struction of the Illinois and Michigan canal.
Mr. BAYARD gave notice that he would to-mor-
row ask leave to introduce a bill for the relief of the
heirs of Robert Fulton.
Mr. HENDERSON gave notice that he would
to-morrow ask leave to introduce a bill to confirm
the survey and location of lands in the State of
Mississippi, east of Pearl river, and south of the 31st
degree of north latitude.
Mr. CRITTENDEN, on leave, introduced a bill
to change the time of holding the federal courts in
the State of Kentucky; which was read, and ordered
to read a second time on Monday next.
Mr. BAYARD gave notice that he would to-
morrow ask leave to introduce a bill for the relief of
Mark Simpson.
On motion by EVANS, it was ordered that whan
the Senate adjourn, it adjourn to meet on Monday
next.
Mr. WHITE, on leave, introduced the following
bills; which were read, and ordered to a second
reading, viz.
A bill for the continuation of the Cumberland
road in the States of Ohio, Indiana, and Illinois; and
A bill granting certain lands to the State of In-
diana, the better to enable said State, to extend^ the
Wabash and Erie canal to Cairo, on the Ohio river.
Mr. EVANS, on leave, introduced a joint resolu-
tion in favor of David Shaw and Solomon Corser;
which was read, and ordered to a second reading.
On motion by Mr. HENDERSON, leave was
granted to withdraw from the files of the Senate ths
petition of Henry De La Francia.
Mr. WOODBBIDGE gave notice that he wonld
to-morrow ask leave to introduce a bill for the im-
provement of the navigation of the straits between
Lakes Erie and Huron, and for other purposes.
On motion, the Senate then adjourned till Mon.
day next.
HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES.
Thursday, December 5, 1844.
The journal of yesterday was read and approved.
NOTICES OF BILLS AND RESOLUTIONS.
Mr. FRENCH gave notice of his intention to
ask leave hereafter to introduce "A bill to construct
the marine hospitals upon the western waters, upon
the sites heretofore, purchased by the government,
and for other purposes."
Mr. J. B. HUNT gave notice of his intention to
ask leave to introduce "A bill to amend an act enti-
tled 'An act to establish the northern boundary line
of the State of Ohio, and to provide for the admis-
sion of the State of Michigan into the Union upon
the conditions therein expressed,' approved June
15, 1836."
Mr. J. B. HUNT gave like notice of "A bill au-
thorizing the opening of a canal around the falls of
St. Mary's, at the outlet of Lake Superior."
Mr. A. JOHNSON gave like notice of "A bill
authorizing the Commissioner of Pensions to
place the name of Jeremiah Simmons, of Green
county, Tennessee, upon the pension roll of invalid
pensioners."
Mr. LYON gave notice that he would on to-
morrow, or some subsequent day, ask leave to in-
troduce "A bill to apply certain alternate sections of
the public domain towards the completion of works
of internal improvement in the State of Michigan,
and for other purposes.
Also, "A bill to give the consent of Congress to the
sale, or other disposition of certain salt-spring lands
heretofore granted to the State of Michigan."
Mr. HOPKINS gave like notice of "A bill for
the relief of Joseph Ramsey, of Wythe county,
Virginia."
Mr. McCLELLAND gave like notice of "A
bill for the relief of Jeremiah Moores."
Mr, BARRINGER submitted the following reso-
lution, and it was agreed to:
Resith-ei, That the Secretary of the Treasury be requested
to present to this House an estimate of the cost of again
placing the branch mint at Charlotte, North Carolina, in a
condition for resuming its operations.
Mr. HAMLIN obtained leave to withdraw from
the files of the House all papers and documents in
relation to the claim of Samuel Hatton.
RHODE ISLAND AFFAIRS.
Mr. STEENROD submitted the following reso-
lution:
Resolved, That ten thousand extra copies of the report of
the committee on the memorial of sundry members of the
Legislature of Rhode Island be printed for the use of this
House.
