16
CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
of Columbia, be referred to the Committee for the District
of Columbia.
The CHAIRMAN announced the question on the
first resolution.
. Mr. DROMGOOLE suggested that the question
be taken upon them all at the same time, unless
some gentleman wished to except particular resolu-
tions.
Thi3 suggestion being acceded to, and no gentle-
man objecting, the question was taken, and the res-
olutions were adopted.
Mr. C. J. INGrERSOLL moved that a select
committee be appointed to consider the claim of the
executors of James Reeside, deceased.
Mr. CAVE JOHNSON opposed the appointment
of a select committee, and suggested the propriety of
referring it to one of the standing committees.
Mr. STEENROD advocated the appointment of
a select committee, on the ground of the importance
of the claim, and the great labor required for its in-
vestigation.
Mr. VANCE moved to refer the case to the Com-
mittee on the Post Office and Post Roads; and after
some further remarks from Messrs. C. J. Ingersoll
and Cave Johnson, the motion was agreed to.
Mr. A. C. DODGE presented the constitution of
the State of Iowa, and moved the printing of three
thousand extra copies.
The CHAIR said the motion was not then in
order.
Mr. GIDDINGS and others called for the regular
order of business.
On motion by Mr. VANCE,
The House adjourned.
IN SENATE.
Tuesday, December 10, 3844.
Mr. Barrow appeared in his seat to-day.
The PRESIDENT pro tern laid before the Senate
the following message received from the President of
the United States, viz:
To the Senate and House of Representatives:
I communicate to you an extract of a despatch
from Mr. Hall to the Secretary of State, which has
been received by me since my message of the 3d in-
stant, containing the pleasing intelligence that the
indemnity assumed to be paid by the Republic of
Venezuela, in the ease of the brig Morris, has been
satisfactorily arranged.
JOHN TYLER.
Washington, D. C., Dec. 10, 1844.
On motion by Mr. CRITTENDEN, it was
Ordered, That the petition of George Poindexter, praying
a' pension for military services, be taken from the files and
referred to the Committee on Pensions.
Mr. C. also presented a petition from sundry cit-
izens of Louisville, Kentucky, praying that some
law may be passed by Congress, reducing the rates
of postage: referred to the Committee on the Post
Office and Post Roads.
Mr. JOHNSON presented a petition from the
Mexican Gulf Railroad company and its sureties,
Lizandie & Co., praying for a remission of duty on
certain railroad iron: referred to the Committee on
Finance.
Also, the petition of A. Ledoux and others, pray-
ing permission to change the location of certain
land claims in Louisiana; and a petition from Col.
Nathaniel Hoggatt, praying for the confirmation of
certain sales of the public lands in Louisiana; which
were severally referred to the Committee on Private
Land Claims.
Mr. MILLER presented a memorial from the
president and directors of the bank of the Metropo-
lis, praying Congress to grant to them a new char-
ter: referred to the Committee on the District of
Columbia.
On motion of Mr. HENDERSON, it was ordered
that the memorial and accompanying papers of the
West Feliciana railroad company be taken from the
files, and referred to the Committee on Finance.
Mr. ATHERTON presented a petition from
Hezekiah Hamlet, of Nashville, New Hampshire,
praying for a pension: referred to the Committee on
Pensions.
On motion by Mr. WOODBRIDGE, leave was
granted to withdraw from the files of the Senate the
memorial of John Martin.
On motion by Mr. BAGBY, leave was granted to
withdraw from the files of the Senate the petition of
the legal representatives of William Walker.
On motion by Mr. B., it was ordered that the pe-
tition of the heirs of James Bell, praying the pay-
ment of a balance due for advances of money and
supplies of provisions during the revolutionary war,
be taken from the files of the Senate, and referred to
the Committee on Pensions.
On motion by Mr. BAGBY, leave was granted to
withdraw from the files certain papers of Rice Gar-
land, of Louisiana.
On motion by Mr. PHELPS, it was ordered that
the memorial of William Rich, praying compensa-
tion for certain clerical services in the office of the
Paymaster General, be taken from the files and re-
ferred to the Committee on Claims.
On motion by Mr. PHELPS, leave was granted
to withdraw from the files the petition and accom-
panying papers of William Walker.
On motion by Mr. RIVES, leave was granted to
withdraw from the files the petition of Saunders &
Porter.
Mr. HUNTINGTON presented. a memorial
from the American Statistical Association, located
in Boston, representing that there are various and
gross errors in the census of 1840, as printed; and
suggesting that such a document ought not to have
been sanctioned by the United States.
Mr. BREESE gave notice that he would to-mor-
row ask leave to introduce the following bills, viz:
A bill for the relief of the legal representatives of
Pierre Menard, deceased, Josiah T. Betts, Jacob
Fleaman, and Edward Roberts of the State of Illi-
nois, sureties of Felix St. Vrain, late Indian agent,
d6C6US6(l<
A bill for the relief of William Elliot, jr., of Ful-
ton county, State of Illinois.
A bill for the relief of the legal representatives of
Pierre Menard, of Antoine Peltier, and of Joseph
Placy.
A bill to grant to the State of Illinois a right of
way through the public lands of the United States,
ana for other purposes.
On motion by Mr. HUNTINGTON, leave was
granted to withdraw from the files the petition and
papers of Lewis H. Bates and William Lacon.
Mr. JOHNSON gave notice that he would, to-
morrow, ask leave to introduce a bill to recognise
the sales of public lands m certain cases, and for
other purposes.
Mr. WOODBURY presented a memorial from
Catharine Leavitt, of Gilford, New Hampshire,
praying for a pension: referred to the Committee on
Pensions.
Mr. BENTON presented a petition from Thomas
Bryan of Missouri, praying Congress to make him
compensation for certain fossil remains of North
American elephants, and Missouri mastodons,
placed by him in the Patent Office, Washington:
referred to the Joint Committee on the Library.
On motion of Mr. ARCHER, the communication
received yesterday from the State Department, was
ordered to be printed.
On motion by Mr. EVANS, it was ordered that
so much of the President's message as relates to
finance be referred to the Committee on Finance.
On motion by Mr. ARCHER, so much of the
message as relates to foreign relations was referred
to the Committee on Foreign Affairs.
Mr. JOHNSON submitted the following resolu-
tion, which was read, and adopted, viz:
Resolved, That the Secretary of the Treasury be directed
to communicate to the Senate a copy of liis written opin-
ion addressed to the Commissioner of the General Land Of-
fice, directing patents to be issued in favor of the claimants
under the Houma claim, in the State of Louisiana, with a
copy of the surveys of the said claims, together with copies
of the opinions given by the other uflicers connected
with the General Land OfHce in relation to the said claims;
also transcripts of confirmation m the case.
On motion by Mr. TAPPAN, the joint resolution
from the House for the appointment of a joint com-
mittee of three members from each House to direct
and superintend the disbursement of the fund for
the purchase of books for the library of Congress,
was taken up for consideration.
Mr. TAPPAN showed that this resolution must
have been passed m error, as a standing committee
of that character was already in existence. On his
motion it was laid on the table.
Mr. BAYARD, from the Committee on Naval
Affairs, reported a bill granting a pension to James
Duffy; which was read, and ordered to a second
reading.
Mr. PEARCE, from the Committee on Naval
Affairs, reported back, without amendment, the bill
for the relief of the heirs of Robert Fulton.
Mr. BAYARD, on leave, introduced a bill to set-
tle the title to the Pea Patch island, in the Delaware
river; which was read twice, and referred to the
Committee on the Judiciary.
Mr. HUNTINGTON, on leave, introduced a bill
relating to the appointment of the assistants to the
Postmaster General; which was read twice, and re-
ferred to the Committee on the Post Office and Post
Roads.
ANNEXATION OF TEXAS.
Mr. McDUFFIE, agreeably to notice, introduced
the following, viz:
JOINT RESOLUTION FOE ANNEXING TEXAS1
TO THE UNITED STATES.
Resolved by the Senate and House of Representatives'
of the United States in Congress assembled, That the1
compact of annexation and union between the said'
United States and the republic of Texas, signed, by-
John C. Calhoun, Secretary of State, on the part of'
the United States, and Isaac Van Zandt and J.
Pinckney Henderson, on the part of Texas, on the-
twelfth of April last, in the following words, viz:
"article i.
"The republic of Texas, acting in conformity witK
the wishes of the people and every department of its
government, cedes to the United States all its territo-
ries, to be held by them in full property and sove-
reignty, and to be annexed to the said United States
as one of their Territories, subject to the same con-
stitutional provisions with their other Territories.
This cession includes all public lots and squares,
vacant lands, mines, minerals, salt lakes and springs,
public edifices, fortifications, barracks, ports and
harbors, navy and navy yards, docks, magazines,
arms, armaments, and accoutrements, archives and
public documents, "public funds, debts, taxes and
dues unpaid at the time of the exchange of the rati-
fications of this treaty.
"article ii.
"The citizens of Texas shall be incorporated into
the Union of the United States, maintained and pro-
tected in the free enjoyment of their liberty and
property, and admitted, as soon as may be consist-
ent with the principles of the federal constitution, to
the enjoyment of all the rights, privileges, and im-.
munities, of citizens of the United States.
"article iii.
"All titles and claims to real estate, which are valid,'
under the laws of Texas, shall be held to be so by
the United States; and measures shall be adopted
for the speedy adjudication of all unsettled claims
to land, and patents shall be granted to those found
to be valid.
"article iv.
"The public lands hereby ceded shall be subject to
the laws regulating the public lands in the other
Territories of the United States, as far as they may
be applicable; subject, however, to such alterations
and changes as Congress may from time to time
think proper to make. It is understood between
the parties, that if, in consequence of the mod'e m
which lands have been surveyed in Texas, o-,. from
previous grants or locations, the sixteenth section
cannot be applied to the purpose of education, Con-
gress shall make equal provision by ? rarlt Qf janj
elsewhere. And it is also further uri(ierst00(j tj,at
hereafter the books, papers, and documents of the
General Land Office of Texas shall be deposited
and kept at such place in Texas as the Congress of
the United States ahall directs
"article v.
The United States assume and agree to pay the
public debts and liabilities of Texas, however cre-
ated, for which the faith or credit of her govern-
ment may be bound at the time of the exchange of
the ratifications of this treaty; which debts and lia-
bilities are estimated not to exceed, in the whole,
ten millions of dollars, to be ascertained and paid m
the manner hereinafter stated:
"The payment of the sum of three hundred and
fifty thousand dollars shall be made at the treasury
of the United States, within ninety days after the
exchange of the ratifications of this treaty as fol-
lows: Two hundred and fifty thousand dollars to
1< rederick Dawson, of Baltimore, or his executors,,
on the delivery of that amount often per cent. b©nds
of Texas; one hundred thousand dollars, if so much
be required, in the redemption of the exchequer bills
which may be in circulation at the time of the ex*
change of the ratifications of this treaty. For
Pjyjjlent remainder of the debts and liabilities
of iexas, which, together with the amount already"
specified, shall not exceed ten millions of dollars,
