18
CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
rod, John Stewart, .Stiles, James'W. Stone, Alfred P. Stone,
Strong, Taylor, Tibbatts, Benjamin White, Williams, Wood-
ward, Yancy, and Yost—101.
NAT'S—Messrs. Abbot, Adams, Baker, Barnard, Brengle,
Biinkerhoft', Brodhead, Jeremiah Brown, Buftington, Car-
roil, Catlin, Chilton, Clinch, Cranston, Dana, Darragh,
Garrett Davi's, Richard B. Davis, Dickey, Dillingham,
Ellis, Elmer, Farlee, Fish, Fuller, Giddings, Byram Green,
Grmnell, Grider, Edward S. Hamlin, Hardin, Harper, Hud-
son;"Washington Hunt, Joseph R. Ingersoll, Jenks, Perley
B.Johnson, John P Kennedy, Daniel P. King, Kirkpatrick,
McClelland, Mcllvaine, Matthews, Edward Joy Morris,
Freeman H. Morse, Moseley, Nes, Paterson, Phcenix, Pol-
lock, Elisha R. Potter, Pratt, Ramsey, Rathbun, Robinson,
Rockwell, Rodney, Rogers, Sample, Schenck, Senter,
Thomas H. Seymour, Albert Smith, Stephens, Stetson, An-
drew Stewart, Summers:, Sykes, Thomasson, Tilden, Tyler,
Vance, Vanmeter, Wentworth, Wheaton, John White, Win-
throp, William Wright, and Joseph A. Wright—79.
So the motion to print was laid on the tabic.
A message in writing was received from the
President of the United States by the hands of his
private secretary.
Mr. ADAMS (still retaining the floor) presented
four other petitions, signed by residents of the city
of New York, asking for the abolition of slavery in
the District of Columbia; and he moved the refer-
ence of the first to the Committee for the District of
Columbia.
Mr. EDWARD J. BLACK objected to the re-
ception of the paper; and he raised the question of
its reception.
The Clerk read the petition (which was signed
by five memorialists) at the request of several mem-
bers.
Mr. W. J. BROWN moved to lay the question
of reception on the table.
Mr. HOLMES called for the yeas and nays on
this motion; which were ordered.
Mr. WINTHROP wished to inquire of the Chair,
in order that there might be no misundei standing
with reference to the effect of this vote in any part
of the House, whether this motion, if it prevailed,
would carry the petition with it?
The SPEAKER replied that this motion would
not carry the petition to the table. If the motion to
lay the question to receive on the .table prevailed,
the petition would not be in the power of the
House.
Mr. WINTHROP. Will it be in the -power of
my friend from Massachusetts to move the ques-
tion of reception again? What becomes of the peti-
tion then-1
The SPEAKER. It remains with the gentle-
man.
Mr. WINTHROP. Then it will be in the hands
of the gentleman, and he will be at liberty to move
the question of reception again'
The SPEAKER replied that that question of or-
der would remain to be decided upon when it came
up.
The yeas and nays were taken, and resulted—
yeas 90, nays 99, as follows.
YEAS—Messrs. Arrington, Ashe, Atkinson, Baily, Bar-
rmger, Bidlack, Edward J. Black, James Black, James A.
Black, Blackwell Bower, Bowlin, Boyd, AaionV Brown,
Milton Blown, William Brown, Burke, Burt, Caldwell,
Campbell, Causin, Reuben Chapman, Augustus A. Chap-
man, Chilton, Clinch, Coles, Cullom, Daniel, Garrett Davis,
John W. Davis, Dawson, JDeberry, Dellet, Douglass, Drom-
goole, Ficklin, French, Goggin, Grider, Hammett, Haral-
son, Hays, Holmes, Hopkins, Houston, Hubard, Hughes,
Jameson, Cave Johnson, Andrew Johnson, George W.
Jones, Labranche, Lucas, Lumpkin, McConnell, McKay,
Mathews, Isaac E. Morse, Murphy., Newton, Norris, Payne,
Peyton, David S. Reid, Reding, Relfe, Rhett, Roberts, Rod-
ney, Russell, Saunders, Senter, Simpson, Slidell, Thomas
Smith, Robert Smith, Spence, Steenrod, Stephens, Stiles,
James W. Stone, Strong, Summers, Taylor, Thomasson,
Tibbatts, Wentworth, Woodward, and Yancey.—90.
NAYS.—Abbot, Adams, Baker, Barnard, Benton, Brengle,
Biinkerhoft', Brodhead, J. Brown, Buftington, J. E. Carv,
Carroll, Clingman, Collamer, Craston, Dana, Darragn,
Richard D. Davis. Dean, Dickey, Dillingham, Dunlap, Ellis,
Elmer, Farlee, Fish, Florence, Foster, Fuller, Giddings,
Byram Green, Grinnell, Hale, Hannibal Hamlin, Edward
S. Hamlin, Hardin, Harper, Henley, Herrick, Hudson,
Washington Hunt, James B. Hunt, Joseph R. Ingersoll,
Jenks, Perley B. Johnson, Andrew Kennedy, John P. Ken-
ned)', Pieston King, Daniel P. King, Kirkpatrick, Lyon,
McCauslm, MoT lelland, McDowell, McTlvaine, Marsh,
Edward J. Morris, Joseph Morns, Freeman H. Morse,
Moseley, Nes, Owen. 1'armenter, Faterson, Fhecemx, Pol-
lock, Elisha R. Potter, Emery D. Potter, Pj'att, Purdv, Ram-
sey, Rathbun, Ritter, Eobinson, Rockwell, Rogers, St.
John, Sample, Sclienck, Thomas H Seymour, David L.
Seymour, Simons, Albert Smith, Caleb B. Smith, Stetson,
Andrew Stewart, John Stewart, Alfred Stone, Sykes, Til-
den, Tyler, Vance, Vanmeter, Wheaton, John White, Wil-
liams, ^Winthrop, Benjamin White, William Wright, and
Joseph* A. Wright~99.
So the House refused to lay on the table the ques-
tion of reception.
The question then recurred, "Shall the petition
be received ?" ' " '
Mr. ADAMS called for the yeas and nays; which
were ordered.
The roll was then called by the clerk; but before
the result was announced—
Mr. C. J. INGERSOLL rose and observed that
he wished to ask a question of the Speaker. By the
24th rule, said Mr. I., it is provided that "petitions,
memorials, and other papers addressed to the House,
shall be presented by the Speaker, or a member in
his place; a brief statement of the contents thereof
shall be made verbally by the introducer; they shall
not be debated on the day of their being presented,
nor on any day assigned by the House for the receipt
of petitions after the first thirty days of the session,
unless where the House shall direct otherwise, but
shall lie on the table to be taken up in the order in
which they were presented. Members having peti-
tions and memorials to present, may hand them to
the Clerk, endorsing the same with their names, and
the reference or disposition to be made thereof; and
such petitions and memorials shall be entered on the
journal, subject to the control and direction of the
Speaker; and if any petition or memorial be so hand-
ed in, which, in the judgment of the Speaker, is ex-
cluded by the rules, the same shall be returned to the
member from whom it was received." Now, he de-
sired to know from the presiding officer whether,
under the above rule, a petition similar to the one
before them could be handed to the clerk, and filed
and referred without the formality of a presentation
to the House.
The SPEAKER replied, that, in the present con-
dition of the question, the memorial before the
House could not be so handed in by a member—
the vote having been taken, and the result not de-
clared. The Chair would further remark, that, in
regard to other petitions, not so circumstanced, eve-
ry member had a right to hand them in to the Clerk,
and have them referred.
Mr. C. J. INGERSOLL. Might a member treat
a petition of a similar character in that way?
The SPEAKER replied that he could.
Mr. C. J. INGERSOLL. I shall not vote on the
question.
The result of the vote was then announced by the
Chair to be—yeas 107, nays 81, as follows:
YEAS—Messrs. Abbot, Adams, Baker, Benton, Brengle,
Brinkerhoft*, Brodhead. Jeremiah Brown, Buftington, Car-
penter, Jeremiah E. Cary, Carroll, Catlin, Clingman, Colla-
mer, Cranston, Dana, Darragh, Richard D. Davis, John W.
Davis, Dickey, Dillingham, Douglass, Dunlap, Ellis, Elmer,
Farlee, Fish, Florence, Foot, Foster, Fuller, Giddings, By-
ram Green, Grmnell, Hale, Hannibal Hamlm, Edward S.
Hamlin, Hardin, Harper, Hays, Henley, Herrick, Hudson,
Washington Hunt, James B. Hunt, Joseph R. Tngereoli,
Jenks, Perley B. Johnson, Andrew Kennedy, John P. Ken-
nedy, Preston King, Daniel P. King, Kirkpatrick, Lyon,
McGausien, McClelland, McDowell, Mcllvaine, Marsh, Ed-
ward J. Morris, Joseph Morris, FreemanH. Morse, Moseley,
Nes, Owen, Parmenter, Paterson, Phcenix, Pollock, Elisha
R. Pottei, Emery D.Potter, Pratt, Purely, Ramsey, Rathbun,
Ritter, Robinson, Rockwell, Rogers, St. John, Sample,
Sclienck, Thomas H. Seymour, David L. Seymour, Simons,
Albeit Smith, John T. Smith, Caleb B. Smith, Stetson, An-
drew Stewart, John Stewart, Alfred P. Stone, Sykes, Tilden,
Tyler, Vance, Vanmeter, Vinton, Wentworth, Wheaton,
John White, Benjamin White, Williams, Winthrop, Wil-
liam Wright, and Joseph A. Wright—107.
NAYS—Messrs. Arnngton, Ashe, Atkinson, Baily, Bar-
ringer. Edward J. Black, James Black, James A. Black,
Blackwell, Bower, Boyd, Aaron V. Brown, Milton Brown,
William J. Brown, Burke, Burt, Caldwell, Campbell, Reu-
ben Chapman, Chilton, Clinch, Clinton, Coles. Cullom, Dan-
iel, Garrett Davis, Dawson, Deberry, Dellet, Dromgoole,
Ficklin, French, Goggin, Giider, Hammett, Haralson,
Holmes, Hoge, Hopkins, Houston, Hubard, Hughes, Jame-
son, Cave Johnson, Andrew Johnson, George W.Jones, La-
branche, Lucas, Lumpkin, McConneiJ, McKay, Mathews,
Isaac E. Morse, Murphy, Newton, Norris, Payne, Peyton,
Rayner, David S.Reid, Reding, Relfe, Rhett. Roberts, Rod-
ney, Saunders, Senter, Simpson, Slidell, Robert Smith,
Spence, Steenrod, Stephens, Stiles, Strong, Summers, Tay-
lor, Thomasson, Tibbats, Woodward, and Yancey—81.
So the petition was received.
Mr. ADAMS moved to refer it to the Committee
for the District of Columbia.
Mr. TIBBATTS moved to lay the petition on the
table.
Mr. ADAMS called for the yeas and nays;
which being ordered, the vote was taken; but before
the result was announced,
Mr. E. J. BLACK (his name being called) said
that, not believing that he had a right, under the
constitution, to vote on this question, he declined
voting.
The result was then announced to be—yeas 88,
nays 99, as follows:
YEAS—-Messrs Arrington, Ashe, Atkinson, Baily, Bar-
ringer, Bidlack, James Black, James A. Black, Blackwell,
Bower, Bowlm, Boyd, Brengle, Brodhead, Aaron V.Brown,
MiJton Brown, William J. Brown, Burke, Caldwell, Camp-
bell, Causin, Reuben Chapman, Augustus A. Chapman,
Chappell, Clinch, Clinton, Coles, Cullom, Daniel, {.Garrett
Davis, John W. Davis, Dawson, Deherry, Douglass, Drom-
goole, Ficklin, French, Fuller, Goggin, Grider, Hammett,
Haralson, Hoge, Hopkins, Houston, Hubard, Hughes, Jame-
son, Cave Johnson, Andrew Johnson, George W. Jones,
Labranche, Lucas, Lumpkin, McConnell, McDowell,
McKay, Mathews, Isaac E. Morse, Murphy, Newton, Nor-
ris, Payne, Peyton, David S. Reid, Reding, Relfe, Roberts,
Rodney, Russell, Senter, Simons, Simpson, Slidell, Thomas
Smith, Robert Smith, Spence, Steenrod, Stephens, Andrew
Stewart, Stiles, Strong, Summers, Taylor, Thomasson, Tib-
batts, Wentworth, and Yancey—88. ' '
NAYS—Messrs. Abbot, Adams, Baker, Benton, Brinker-
hoff, Jeremiah Brown, Buftington, Carpenter, Jeremiah E.
Cary, Carroll, Catlin, Chilton, Clingman, Collamer, Cran-
ston, Dana, Darragh, Richard D-Davis, Dean, Dickey, Dil-
lingham, Dunlap, Elmer, Farlee, Fish, Florence, Foot, Fos-
ter, Giddings, Byram Green, Grmnell, Hale, Hannibal Ham-
lin,. Edward S. Hamlin, Hardin, Harper, Hays, Henley, Her-
rick, Hudson, Hungerford, Washington Hunt, James B.
Hunt, Joseph R. Ingersoll, Irvin, Jenks, Perley B. Johnson,
Andrew Kennedy, John P. Kennedy, Preston King, Daniel
P. King, Kirkpatrick, Lyon, McCauslen, McClelland, Mcll-
vaine, Marsh, Edward J. Morns, Joseph Morris, Freeman
H Morse, Moseley, Nes, Owen, Parmenter, Phcenix, Pol-
lock, Elisha R. Potter, Emery D. Potter, Pratt, Purdy, Rath-
bun, Ritter, Robinson, Rockwell, Rogers, St John, Sample,
Schenck, Thomas H. Seymour, David L. Seymour, Albert
Smith, John T. Smith, Caleb B. Smith, Stetson, John Stew-
art, Stone, Tilden, Tyler, Vance, Vinton, Wheaton,
John White, Benjamin White, Williams, Winthrop, Wil-
liam Wright, Joseph A. Wright, and Yost—99.
So the petition was not laid on the table.
The petition was then referred to the Committee
for the District of Columbia.
Other petitions were presented—
Prom Massachusetts: by Messrs. WINTHROP
and PARMENTER.
From Connecticut: by Messrs. SIMONS and
STEWART. The latter gentleman presented reso-
lutions of the general assembly of the State of Con-
necticut, in favor of- the protection of domestic in-
dustry, and the distribution of the public lands; and
also, against theannexation of Texas.
From the State of New York: by Messrs, SEY-
MOUR, KING, STETSON, BENTON, and
FISH.
From the State of Pennsylvania: by Mr. J. R.
INGERSOLL.
One of the petitions presented by this gentleman
was on the subject of the naturalization of for-
eigners.
Mr. C. J. INGERSOLL moved the reference of
this petition to a select committee of nine members,
which was not agreed to; and the petition was sent
to the Committee on the Judiciary.
From the State of North Carolina: by Mr. BAR^
RINGER. .
From the State of South Carolina: Mr. J.
CAMPBELL, who also withdrew certain papers
from the files of the House.
From Georgia: by Mr. STILES.
From Kentucky: by Messrs. FRENCH, TIB-
BATTS, CALDWELL, BOYD, G. DAVIS, and
THOMASSON.
On motion of Mr. TIBBATTS, it was
Resolved, That the petition of the heirs of Philip R. Rice,
praying to be paid the value of a vessel belonging to him,
and impressed into the public service in the revolutionary
war, and thereby lost, be withdrawn from the files of the
clerk's office, and referred to the Committee on Revolution-
ary Claims.
On motion of Mr. BOYD, it was
Resolved, That the Committee on Commerce inquire into
the expediency of declaring Paducah, in the State of Ken-
tucky, a port of entry, and report by bill or otherwise.
On motion of Mr. THOMASSON, it was
Resolved, That the Committee on Indian Affairs inquire
into the manner in which the Choctaw academy, in Ken-
tucky, is conducted, and particularly whether the Indian
youth sent there for instruction are properly attended to la
respect to their clothing, boarding, morals, and general ed-
ucation.
From Ohio: by Messrs. DUNCAN and GID-
DINGS.
Tne House then adjourned.
The following notices of petitions presented to-
day were handed to the leporters by the members
presenting them:
B} Mr. RATHBUN: The petition of Charles Walworth:
referred to the Committee on Invalid Pensions.
The petition of Wm. Slocum: referred to the Committee
on Invalid Pensions.
By Mr. MOSELEY: The petition of Esther Standish,
widow of Amos Standish. deceased, for a pension: referred
to the Committee on Pensions.
By Mr. DILLINGHAM: The petition of Wm. Rich: re-
ferred to the Committee of Claims.
The petition of Harry Richardson: referred to the Com-
mittee on the Judiciary.
By Mr. DAWSON": The petition of widow F. B De Belie-
vue, of the parish of Avoyelles, Louisiana, for pension mon-
ey, &c : referred to the Committee of Claims.
By Mr. SLIDELL: The petition oi Lathrop Allen: refer-
red to the Committee on Revolutionary Claims.
The petition of certain clerks employed in the custoo%*
