M
CONGRESSIONAL GLOB®.
said bill "to provide" for continuing the improve-
ments in the navigation of the Hudson river;" which
was twice read, and, on his motion, referred to the
Committee on Commerce.
ILLINOIS AND MICHIGAN CANAL.
Mr. WENT WORTH asked and Obtained leave
to introduce a bill to grant additional quantities of
land to the State of Illinois, to aid in the completion
of the Illinois and Michigan canal; and, on his mo-
tion, it was referred to the Committee on Public
Lands.
Mr. WELLER inquired of the Speaker if the
morning hour had expired?
The reply of the Speaker was not understood.
Mr. W. moved that the House resolve itself into
Committee of the Whole on the state of the Union.
Mr. J. R. INGERSOLL appealed to the gentle-
man from Ohio to withdraw his motion for a mo-
ment, to enable him to present a petition.
Mr. DUNCAN expressed the hope that the
House would not resolve itself into committee, until
it had first disposed of the bill which had been re-
ported by the committee, and which was now on
the Speaker's table—viz: the bill relating to the time
of holding the presidential election.
Mr. C. J. INGERSOLL hoped that the House
would not go into eommittee, and he desired to say
that he was instructed by the Committee on Foreign
Relations (of which committee Mr. C. J. I. is the
chairman) to report a bill on the subject of Texas.
Mr. WELLER withdrew nis motion.
Reports from committees then being m order,
THE AFFAIRS OF RHODE ISLAND.
The SPEAKER announced that the pending
business was upon the report made at the last ses-
sion of Congress, by Mr. Burke, from the select
committee "to whom was referred the memorial of
the democratic members of the legislature of Rhode
island, requesting, among other thinga, the House
of Representatives to institute an inquiry into the
fact of the adoption of a constitution by the people
of Rhode Island, in December, 1841, and of its sup-
pression by the then existing authorities of thai
State through the interference and assistance of the
President of the United States; which report con-
cludes with a series of resolutions.
Mr. C. J. INGERSOLL moved to postpone the
further consideration of this subject for half an hour.
Mr. WINTHROP raised the point of order
whether this report, as giving rise to debate, did not
lie over under the rule; and whether it was not out
of order, until the committees had been called through,
and such reports received as gave rise to no debate.
The SPEAKER was understood to overrule the
§oint of order; and, in reply to an inquiry by Mr.
TEENROD, to say that if the subject were post-
poned, as proposed, it would retain the same prece-
dence it now had over other business when it again
came up.
After some conversation by several gentlemen,
the question was taken on the motion of Mr. In-
gersoll to postpone the further consideration of
the report for half an hour, and was decided in the
affirmative.
Reports of committees were then called for, com-
mencing with the Committee of Elections.
When the Committee on the Post Office and Post
Roads were callrd,
POST ROUTES.
Mr. HOPKINS observed that he had no report
from that committee to make, but he would move
that the bill on the subject of post routes of the last
session be recommitted to the Committee on the
Post Office and Post Roads, in order that members
might have an opportunity of incorporating in it
such new post routes as they desired to have estab-
lished.
The motion was agreed to.
AMENDMENT TO THE CONSTITUTION.
Mr. VINTON, from the Committee on the Ju-
diciary, offered a resolution to amend the constitu-
tion of the United States, in relation to the eleetton
of President and Vice President.
Objections being made, the resolution was not re-
ceived.
ANNEXATION OF TEXAS.
Mr. C. J. INGERSOLL, from the Committee on
Foreign Affairs, reported a joint resolution provid-
ing for the annexation of Texas to the United
States.
The resolution is as follows;
JOINT RESOLUTION for annexing Texas to the
United States.
Resolved by the Senate and House of Representatives
of the United States in Congress assembled, That annex-
ation and union between the said United States and
the republic of Texas take effect as settled the twelfth
of April last, in the following words, viz:
"article i.
"The republic of Texas, acting in conformity with
the wishes of the people and^every department ofits
government, cedes to the United States all its territo-
ries, to be held by them in full property and sove-
reignty, and to be annexed to the said United States
as one of their Territories, sublect to the same con-
stitutional provisions with their other Territories.
This cession includes all public lots and squares,
vacant lauds, mines, minerals, salt lakes and springs,
Eublic edifices, fortifications, barracks, ports and
arbors, navy and navy yards, docks, magazines,
arms, armaments, and accoutrements, archives and
public documents, public funds, debts, taxes and
dues unpaid at the time of the excange of the rati-
fications of this treaty.
"article ii.
"The citizens of'Texas shall be incorporated into
the Union of the United States, maintained and pro-
tected in the ftee enjoyment of their liberty and
property, and admitted, as soon as may be consist-
ent with the principles of the federal constitution, to
the enjoyment of all the rights, privileges, and im-
munities, of citizens of the United States.
"article hi.
"All titles and claims to real estate, which are
valid under the laws of Texas, shall be held to be so
by the.TJnited States; and measures shall be adopted
for the speedy adjudication of all unsettled claims
to land, and patents shall be granted to those found
to be valid.
"article iv.
"The public lands hereby ceded shall be subject to
the laws regulating the public lands in the other
Territories of the United States, as far as they may
be applicable; subject, however, to such alterations
and changes as Congress may from time to time
think proper to make. It is understood between
the parties that if, in consequence of the mode in
which lands have been surveyed in Texas, or from
previous grants or locations, the sixteenth section
cannot be applied to the purpose of education, Con-
gress shall make equal provision by grant of land
elsewhere. And it is also further understood that,
hereafter, the books, papers, and documents of the
General Land Office of Texas shall be deposited and
kept at such place in Texas as the Congress of the
United States shall direct.
"article y.
"The United States assume and agree to pay the
public debts and liabilities of Texas, however cre-
ated, for which the faith or credit of her govern-
ment may be bound at the time of the exchange of
the ratifications of this treaty; which debts and lia-
bilities are estimated not to exceed, in the whole,
ten millions of dollars, to be ascertained and paid in
the manner hereinafter stated:
"The payment of the sum of three hundred and
fifty thousand dollars shall be made at the treasury
of the United States, within ninety days after the
exchange of the ratifications of this treaty, as fol-
lows: Two hundred and fifty thousand dollars to
Frederick Dawson, of Baltimore, or lus executors,
on the delivery of that amount of ten per cent, bonds
of Texas; one hundred thousand dolltu's, if so much
be required, in the redemption of the exchequer bills
which may be in circulation at the time of the ex-
change of the ratifications of this treaty. For the
payment of the remainder of the debts and liabilities
of Texas, which, together with the amount already
specified, shall not exceed ten millions of dollars, the
public lands herein ceded, and the net revenue from
the same, are hereby pledged.
"article vi,
"In order to ascertain the full amount of the debts
and liabilities herein assumed, and the legality and
validity thereof, four commissioners shall be ap-
pointed by the President of the United States, by
and with the advice and consent of the Senate, who
shall meet at Washington, Texas, within the period
of six months after the exchange of the ratifications
of this treaty, and may continue in session not ex-
ceeding twelve months, unless the Congress of the
United States should prolong the time. They shall
take an oath for the faithful discharge of their duties,
and that they are not directly or indirectly interested
in said claims at the time, and will not be
during their contiffuence in office; and the said
oath shall be recorded with their proceedings. In
case of the death, sickness, or resignation of
any of the commissioners, his or their place or
places may be applied by the appointment as afore-
said, or by the President of the United States du-
ring the recess of the Senate. They, or a majority
of them, shall be authorized, under such regulations
as the Congress of the United States may prescribe,
to hear, examine, and decide on all questions touch-
ing the legality and validity of said claims, and
shall, when a claim is allowed, issue a certificate to
the claimant, stating the amount, distinguishing
principal from interest. The certificates so issued
shall be numbered, and entry made of the number,
the name of the person to whom issued, and the
amount, in a book to be kept for that purpose. They
shall transmit the records of their proceedings and
the book in which the certificates are entered, with
the vouchers and documents produced before them,
relative to the claims allowed or rejected, to the
Treasury Department of the United States, to be de-
posited therein; and the Secretary of the Treasury
shall, as soon as practicable after the receipt of the
same, ascertain the aggregate amount of the debts
and liabilities allowed; and if the same, when added
to the amount to be paid to Frederick Dawson, and
the sum which may be paid in the redemption of
the exchequer bills, shall not exceed the estimated
sum of ten millions of dollars, he shall, on the present-
ation ofa certificate of the commissioners, issue, at the
option of the holder, a new certificate for the amoun',
distinguishing principal from interest, and paya-
ble to him or order, out of the net proceeds of the
public lands hereby ceded, or stocks of the United
States, for the amount allowed, including principal
and interest, and bearing an interest of three per
cent, per annum from the date thereof; which stock,
in addition to being made payable out of the net
proceeds of the public lands hereby ceded, shall
also be receivable in payment for the same. In
case the amount of the debts and liabilities allowed,
with the sums aforesaid to be paid to Frederick
Dawson, and which may be paid m the redemption
of the exchequer bills, shall exceed the sum of
ten millions of dollars, the said secretary, before
issuing a new certificate, or stock, as the case may
be, shall made in each case such proportionable and
ratable deduction on its amount as to reduce the ag-
gregate to the said sum of ten millions of dollars;
and he shall have power to make all needful rules
and regulations necessary to carry into effect the
power hereby vested in him.
"article vii.
"Until further provision shall be made, the laws
of Texas, as now existing, shall remain in force,
and all executive and judicial officers of Texas,
except the President, Vice President, and heads of
departments, shall retain their offices, with all power
and authority appertaining thereto; and the courts
of justice shall remain in all respects as now estab-
lished and organized.
"aticle viii.
Immediately after the ratifications of this treaty,
the President of the United States, hy and with the
advice and consent of the Senate, shall appoint a
commissioner, who shall proceed to Texas and re-
ceive the transfer of the territory thereof, and all
the archives and public property, and other things
herein conveyed, m the name o"f the United States.
He shall exercise all executive authority in said
territory necessary to the proper execution of the
laws, until otherwise provided,"
Resolved, That the said articles are hereby declared
to be the fundamental law of union between the said
United States and Texas, so soon as the supreme
authorities of the said republic of Texas shall agree
to the same. And it shall be the duty of the Presi-
dent of the United States, so soon as lie shall be of-
ficially notified of such agreement on the part of
Texas, to announce the same by proclamation.
Resolved, further, by the authority aforesaid, That
.it is understood and intended that whatever was
stipulated to be done immediately, or at a fixed pe-
riod after the exchange of the ratifications of the
aforesaid compact, shall be done immediately, or in
a like period after the supreme authorities of Texas
shall have formally agreed to these resolutions.
The resolution being read, was ordered to a
second reading.
Mr. C.J. INGERSOLL, from the same com-
