CONGRESSIONAL GLOBS.
3*
mittee, gave notice that he would on Monday, the
23d instant, move to go into Committee of the
Whole on this subject; and in the mean time, he
would move that it foe referred to the Committee of
the Whole on the state of the Union.
Mr. WINTHROP said he did not rise to oppose
any obstacles to the course, proposed by the Com-
mittee on Foreign Relations, but for the purpose of
stating that the report was not adopted unanimously
by that committee. There were some members
who were opposed to that report? but as the majori-
ty insisted on bringing it into the House immediate-
ly on its adoption/the minority had no opportunity
of presenting their views in a counter report. As it
was, he would merely observe that he neld the doc-
trines contained in that report to be in violation of
the constitution and laws, and rights of the States;
and he believed, if carried into execution, they were
eminently calculated to involve this country in an
unjust and dishonorable war. He also held them
to pe particularly objectionable on the question of
slavery.
The question was then put on the reference to
the Committee of the Whole on the state of the
Union; and,
On motion by Mr. 1NGERSOLL, five thousand
copies of the report were ordered to be printed.
The House then adjourned.
The following notices of petitions presented to-
day, were handed to the reporters by the members
presenting them:
By Mr. MURPHY: The petition of Eliza M. Fortin, pray-
ing a pension in consequence of the death of her husband
in the naval service: referred to the Committee on Naval
By Mr. THOMAS H. SEYMOUR: The memorial of Sam-
Colt, inventor of the water-proof cartridge: referred to
the Committee on Military Affairs. The memorial of S. R.
George, of Baltimore, praying that certain excess of duty
may be refunded: referred to the Committee of Ways and
Means.
By Mr. DAWSON: The petition from a great number of
the citizens of Louisiana for the permanent location of the
surveyor general's office of that State at the town of Baton
Rouge, and for other purposes: referred to the Committee
on the Public Lands. •
By Mr. SCHENCK: The petition ofE. W. Burgoyne, H.
P. Gaines, and 105 others, citizens of Hamilton county, Ohio,
praying that the provisions of the pension law, passed June
7,1S32, may be extended so as to embrace the cases of the
surviving soldiers who served in the western armies under
Generals Harmer, St. Clair, and Wayne: referred to the
Committee on Revolutionary Pensions
By Mr. J. W. DAVIS: The petition of Michael Riley and
HI others, citizens of Indiana, praying a grant of land to
assist the State of Indiana to complete the Wabash and Erie
canal to the Ohio river. The petition of Thomas Shiieliff
and 30 others, citizens ot Indiana, on the same subject.
By Mr. McILVAINE: The petition of Phebe John and
65 others, women of Pennsylvania, praying lor the repeal
of ail laws of the United States which m any manner sanc-
tion or sustain slavery. Two other petitions of the same
import.
By Mr. E. J. MORRIS: Nine petitions from citizens of
Philadelphia, praying an extension of the naturalization
laws to 21 years. A petition from citizens of Philadel-
phia, asking an appropriation for the reconstruction of the
ol the shipping piers atpoit Penn, on the river Delaware,
and for the building of a light house on the Brandy wine
shoals.
By Mr. ATKINSON: The petition of William Smith and
others, for extra allowance for services in the exploring
expedition: referred to tbe Committee on Naval Affairs.
By Mr. J. STEWART: The memorial and other papers
of Samuel Colt, asking Congress to inquire into and test the
utility of his water prool cartridges: referred to the Com-
mittee on Naval Aftairs, *
By Mr. STETSON: The petition of the Ladies' Union
Benevolent Society of the city of Washington, soliciting the
House of Representatives to give the refuse fuel provided
for the House, for the use of the sick, indigent, and destitute
poor of the city. The memorial of the stockholders of the
late Farmers'and Mechanics' Bank of Georgctov. n, solicit-
ing a renewal of their charter. The petition of the trustees
of the Farmers' Bank of Alexandria to revive the charter of
the bank, together with a copy of the assignment by the
stockholders under the act of Congress of June 17, 1844
On behalf of the Bank of Metropolis, the opinion of Richard
S. Coxe, esq., counsellor at Jaw, advising the corporation to
organize and perpetuate itself as a banking association, un-
der the general laws of partnership: all which were referred
to the Committee for the District of Columbia.
By Mr. CARPENTER: The petition of Samuel P. Good-
sell: referred to the Committee on Invalid Pensions.
By Mr. REUBEN CHAPMAN: The petition of Liridsey
Milstead to be allowed bounty land on account of military
services. The petition of Benjamin Hollmswoith and oth-
ers, for land in lieu of their pre-emption*, lost by the location
of Indian reservations. The petition of Jacob Boyd, to have
money refunded paid by him under a mistake, m the entry
of a tract of land. On leave, Mr. C introduced a bill for the
relief of Margaret Hollinsworth
By Mr. J. E. GARY, of New York: The petition and pa-
pers of James S. Campbell, praying compensation for prop-
erty of his father, Samuel'Campbell, destroyed m the ser-
vice of the government in the revolutionary war: referred
to the Committee on Revolutionary Claims.
By Mr. McCLELLAND: The petition of Jeremiah Moors,
of Detroit, administrator of John'Anderson, deceased; of
Catharine JKnaggs, of Francis Cicote^.and Guy Carpenter:
referred to the Committee of Claims. The petition of
Charles McKenzie: referred to the Committee on the Pub-
lic Lands.
By Mr. FOSTER: The petition of George Easter, for a
pension: referred to the Committee on. Invalid Pensions,
The petition of Andrew McLaughlin, The petition of
George Singley. The petition of Francis Davidson. The
petition of Frederick Chertman: referred to the Committee
on Revolutionary Pensions.
By Mr. SHEPHERD GARY: The petition of Samuel A.
Moses, with accompanying documents, relating to a claim
upon the treasury: referred to the Committee orClaims.
By Mr. HARPER: The petition of Jacob Addison, of
Muskingum county, Ohio, praying for an increase of pen-
sion: referred to the Committee on Invalid Pensions.
By Mr. PRATT: The following memorial, signed by Nel- .
son Hyde, and 57 others:
To the honorable the Senators and Refwesentatives in the Con-
gress of the United States:
The undersigned mechanics of the town of Catskill,
Greene county, New York, and the members of the Catskill
Mechanical Society, respectfully represent that they have
viewed with the highest gratification the introduction at
thelast session of Congress, by the Hon. ZadokPratt, the
memberfrom this district, of a preamble and resolution set-
tinf forth that, "whereas, from the great difficulty in ascer-
taining for what inventions patent%have issued, much time,
labor, and expenses are incurred by persons in different sec-
tions of the United States, in perfecting what they conceived
to be original patents; but which, upon application to the
patent office, they discover to have been already secured
by others, thus discouraging them from future attempts to
render service to the public, and reflect honor upon the
country, and whereas the large surplus of about $10,000
annually could be advantageously applied to the benefits of
thejnumerous class of citizens, whose geniusjjleads to the
discovery of new and tfseful inventions, and to whose ad-
vantage it is but reasonable that a portion of such surplus
should be applied, as an encouragement to the development
of their ingenuity, and the exercise of their skill: There-
fore,
'•Resolved, That the Committee on Patents be directed to
inquire into the expediency of making the necessary appro-
priation out of the patent fund to'purchase an ample col-
lection of scientific and other necebsary books, and to pro-
vide for the publication and distribution of the descriptions
and drawings of the inventions for which patents have been
granted," &c.
And your petitioners would speedily solicit the speedy
action of Congress upon the resolution above referred to,
feeling confident that the advantages contemplated by its
spirit would not only be highly important to the ingenious
and skilful mechanic, but also of abundant and extensive
benefit to the whole people of the United States.
Referred to the Committee on Patents.
By Mr. A. C. DODGE: The petition of Wm. J. A.
Bradford, praying compensation for reporting decisions of
the supreme court of Iowa; which was referred to the Com-
mittee tff Claims. The petition of Josiah Scott, praying
that he might be allowed to correct an erroneous land entry
made by him at the Dubuque land office, in Iowa: referred
to the Committee on Public Lands.
HOUSE OP REPRESENTATIVES.
Friday, December 13,1844.
The minutes of yesterday having been read,
The STETSON rose and stated that he voted
yesterday under a mistake on a motion m relation
to a memorial presented by the gentleman from
Ohio [Mr. Giddings] from Ashtabula, which pray-
ed for such a change in the constitution of the Uni-
ted States as •would make the basis of representa-
tion uniformly the free inhabitants of the country,
or that the ammals of the free States might be rep-
resented as the slaves of the South were. When
the petition was presented, he was writing at his
desk, and he voted in ignorance of the offensive char-
acter of that petition, which, besides, affected the
question of an alteration of the 'constitution, which
was very harmoniously settled at the last session,
and which he would not now vote to disturb. He yes-
terday voted in the negative on a motion to lay that
petition on the table; but having discovered its char-
acter, he now asked permission of the House to
change that mistaken vote, and have it recorded in
the affirmative.
The House assented to the correction, and the
vote was changcd accordingly.
The journal was then approved.
ERRORS IN THE SIXTH CENSUS.
The following is the select committee appointed
on the motion of Mr. Adams, to consider the pe-
tition from the Amertcan Statistical Society in rela-
tion to errors in the sixth census:
Mesrrs. Adams, Rhett, Rayker, Stiles, Ma-
cut, Breugt.e, Foster, Shepherd Cary, and
Caleb B. Smith.
EXECUTIVE COMMUNICATIONS.
. The SPEAKER announced that there were nu-
merous communications on the Speaker's table,
which, with the permission of the House, he would
present.
The following were accordingly read by the
Clerk:
A letter from the treasurer of the United States,
transmitting, in pursuance of law, copies of accounts
with the United States for the third sad fourth
quarters of 1843, and the first and second quarter?
of1844; which were laid upon the table, and ordered
to be printed.
A letter from the Secretary of State, transmitting
a report of the contingent expenses of that depart-
ment for th%fiscal year ending 30th June, 1844, in
pursuance of the act of 26th August, 1842, and the
2d section of the act making appropriations for the
c;vil and diplomatic expenses of government for the
year 1836; which letter and report were laid upon
the table, and ordered to be printed.
A letter from the Secretary of War, in answer to
a resolution of the House of Representatives of the
10th of January last, calling for a plan or recom-
mendation in relation to the reorganization and dis-
cipline of the militia; which letter was referred to the
Committee on^the Militia, and ordered to be printed.
A letter from the Secretary of State, communica- .
ting, in pursuance of the act of the 2d March, 1799,
an abstract of all the returns from collectors of cus-
toms of American seamen registered in each port of
entry of the United .States during the year ending
September 30, 1844; which letter and abstracts were
Iaiu upon the table, and ordered to be printed.
"A letter from the Secretary of State, transmitting
statements showing the number and designation of
passengers who have arrived in each collection dis-
trict of the United States for the year ending 30th
September, 1844, in pursuance of the act of 2d
March, 1819, regulating passenger ships and ves-
sels; which letter and statements were ordered to be,
laid upon the table, and to be printed.
A letter from|the Secretary of the Treasury, trans-
mitting, in print, in obedience to the order of the
House of Representatives of the 30th December,
1791, a report of the receipts and expenditures of the
United States for the half calendar year ending 30th
June, 1843; which letter and report were laid upon
the table.
A letter from the Commissioner of Public Build-
ings, transmitting, in pursuance of a resolution of
the House, copies of all contracts made in his office
since the first day of December last; which were re-
ferred to the Committee on the Public Buildings and
Grounds.
A letter from the Secretary of War, transmitting,
in answer to a resolution of the House of .the 7th
June last, a report jn relation to the survey of the
harbor of Cape Porpoise, in the State of Maine;
which were laid on the table, and ordered to be
printed.
Also, a series of resolutions (which were received
at the State Department in October last) from the
common council of New York, condoling with the
nation and the bereaved relatives, on the loss of
those distinguished citizens who were killed on
board the Princeton, on an excursion down the Po-
tomac.
ELECTION BILL,
Mr. DUNCAN moved the House to take up his
bill to alter and regulate the time of holding the
election of electors of President and Vice President
of the United States, which had been reported to
the House from the Committee of the Whole on
the State of the Union.
Objection was made to the reception of that mo-
tion.
Mr. DUNCAN moved a suspension of the rules
for the reception of his motion; which was agreed to.
Mr. D. then renewed his motion to take up the
bill which he had specified; which was assent-
ed to.
The SPEAKER stated that the first question in
order was on concurring in the amendment of
the Committee of the 'Whole on the state of the
Union.
Mr. DUNCAN moved the pfevious question..
Mr. DROMGOOLE hoped the gentleman frdm
Ohio would withdraw that motion, and let th'^
House take a vote on the amendment which he fcadl
prepared. • \
Mr. DUNCAN replied that he did not want this
bill squeezed to death by the affection of its friends, '
[laughter;] and hence he could not comply with the '
request of the gentleman from Virginia. :
The SPEAKER put the question on seconding!
the demand for the previous question.
Tellers were called for, and. ordered, and Messrs.'
Roberts and Winthrop were appointed; and
having taken the vote, they reported that 48 had
voted in the affirmative, and 76 in the negative. So
there was not a second.
Mr, DROMGOOLE then said the question re*>
