CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
hoped that-, the substitute of the gentleman from
Ohio, and the amendment of the gentleman from
Virginia, together with the' various suggestions of
members, would be taken into consideration by a
select committee, who would report such a bill as
they could all vote for with safety and confidence.
Mr. HARALSON merejy rose to reply to some
of the questions of the gentleman from Maryland,
[Mr. Brengle.) The gentleman asked why
there wag such hot haste to pass this bill? and
he would give him the best possible reason for
it. We have (said Mr. H.) just come out of a
presidential election; and both parties are charging
each other with having committed great frauds, and
both professed to be anxious to guard against them
in future. This was, therefore, the best possible
time to pass a bill of this nature. By acting on the
subject now, they would strike while the iron was
hot, and legislate while they were in the humor for
it. As to the suggestions of the gentleman from
South Carolina, he had too high an opinion of the
patriotism of that State to suppose they would re-
gard any additional trouble that the acaomplishment
of a general good would subject them to. He was
informed, by his friend from New Hampshire near
him, that his State was put to the additional trouble
of calling her legislature together every four years,
for the purpose of providing for the presidential
election. South Carolina,, therefore, was not the
only State that would be put to some additional
trouble; and he was assured that such was her pa-
triotism, that she would not regard it.
In relation to the amendment of the gentleman
from Virginia, and the report of the Committee of
the Whole, he did not see any essential difference
between them; but he saw clearly that a majority of
that House were for passing some bilL that would
guard against these election frauds thaftiad been so
loudly complained of. They should, therefore,
without taking into view the convenience of any
one State, legislate for the general good. The ques-
tion was, whether they should conform their legis-
lation to the convenience of a particular State or to
the convenience of the whole; and he was for the
latter. He was for passing this bill as speedily as
possible, for the purpose of preventing those frauds
of which both parties complained.
Mr. DAVID L. SEYMOUR, after a few re-
marks, moved the previous question.
The SPEAKER observed that the amendment of
the gentleman from South Carolina [Mr. Camp-
bell] was not in order, the amendment of the gen-
tleman from Virginia [Mr. Drom&oole] having the
preference.
Mr. CAMPBELL begged leave to correct the
Chair in point of fact. The amendment of the gen-
tleman from Virginia was not offered as an amend-
ment, but merely as an argument, and as a proposi-
tion that would be offered in case the substitute of
the gentleman from Ohio [Mr. Duncan] should be
rejected. In this state of the case, he (Mr. C.) of-
fered his amendment; and, after he had taken his
seat, the gentleman from "Virginia, on reconsidera-
tion, offered his proposition as an amendment.
Some conversation-ensued between the CHAIR
and Messrs. DROMGOOLE and CAMPBELL,
resulting in the decision that Mr. Campbell's
amendment was the first in order.
Mr. DROMGOOLE asked his friend from New
York [Mr Seymour] to withdraw his call for the
previous question, in order that he might accommo-
date the question of time with the gentleman from
South Carolina, and thus have an opportunity of
getting in his amendment. That being settled, he
would with pleasure go with him for the previous
question.
Mt. SEYMOUR withdrew his call for the previ-
ous question.
Mr. HAMLIN renewed it.
The question was then taken on seconding the
call for the previous question, and decided in the
negative, the count being taken by tellers—ayes 56,
noes 71.
The SPEAKER observed that the call for the
previous question not being seconded, the first ques-
tion would be on the motion of the gentleman from
South Carolina [Mr. Rheit] to refer the whole sub-
ject to a select committee.
Mr. C. J. INGERSOLL observed that, in his
opinion, the question was one not as to time, but as
to method. He could not see what possible ob-
jection there could be to sending this matter to a
select committee; and as he wanted to go for it with
confidence, he would much prefer its being there
matured, before voting on it. The House, by a unani-
mous vote, taken by yeas and nays, had showed its
determination to pass this bill, ana there could be no
danger therefore in sending it. to a committee, in
order to have its details so perfected as to be satis-
factory to all; and even as to the the time of passing
it, he was confident that this course would hasten
it. He entreated the gentleman from Ohio to let it
be sent to a committee, as the safest and most ex-
peditious mode of getting it through both Houses.
Mr. RATHBUN was in favor of a reference, for
the reasons he had heard stated, and ones other rea-
son which he would mention. The object of this
bill was to guard against frauds in the elections of
President and Vice President, by declaring that they
shall all be held on the same day. But in doing
this, they should avoid as much as possible interfer-
ing with the legislation of the States, and to
guard against giving them additional trouble.
Now, the State of South Carolina having a different
mode of appointing electors from the other States,
viz: that of appointing them by the action of her
legislature, there would be no propriety in the ap-
plication of this law to her; and he would therefore
gropose that the bill should be so limited and re-
stricted, as to leave her out of its provisions until
she may choose to conform her mode of electing
electors te that of the other States. Such an amend-
ment to the bill, he thought, would get rid of all the
difficulty in regard to the State of South Carolina
that had been suggested.
Mr. E. J. BLACK observed that he was one of
those who desired to see this bill pass immediately;
but he also desired to do it in a shape that would
give general satisfaction to all the States, and
particularly the States of South Carolina. One
gentleman from that State proposed to change
the time of choosing the electors—a proposi-
tion for whidi he could not give his vote. He
could not vot**o change the day to suit the conve-
nience of one State; but if the gentleman would of-
fer an amendment to exclude the State of South Car-
olina from the provisions of the bill, he would vote
for it.
An honorable gentleman near him had drawn up
a proposition of this nature; and he would suggest
to the gentleman who moved the amendment, that,
if he would take that proposition, it would accom-
plish the object he had in view, and he would vote
for it.
Mr. McCLERNAND said that lie regretted the
controversy which had grown up on the question.
There seemed to be such contrariety about the de-
tails and paternity of the bill, that there was some
doubt whether the bill would be passed at all at the
present session. He was prepared to vote upon the
bill at once; and he hoped the motion to refer to a
select committee would not prevail. The subject
had been much discussed at the last session. It was
the first measure brought forward at the present
session, and had, at the present session, undergone
various amendments and extensive discussion. The
gentleman from Ohio [Mr. Duncan] had taken it
upon himself to examine, prepare, and mature the
bill; and he was willing to take it on his judgment.
The present was an auspicious period for passing it.
We had just come out of a presidential election in
which all the bitter feelings of party had subsided.
The country was in a calm, and the universal judg-
ment was in favor of the bill.
He would add a few remarks, in answer to those
which had been thrown out by the gentleman from
New York [Mr. Rathbun] and the gentleman from
Georgia, [Mr. Black.] They said the bill might
be modified so as to accommodate the case of South
Carolina.
The gentleman from South Carolina [Mr. Rhett]
had proposed that the time for holding the elections of
electors in the several States should be postponed
until December. This change, it would be perceiv-
ed, would operate very inconveniently to most of
the States. In December the weather was generally
very cold, and in many States would be so in-
clement as to prevent a general turn-out of the peo-
ple to the polls, which was very desirable—in fact
neccssary—to a full and fair expression of the pop-
ular vote.
Again: if a time was fixed by the bill for the
meeting and voting of the electoral colleges, that
time must be uniform in all the States. So, if an
exception was made in favor of South Carolina as to
the time of choosing electors, yet she would have to
conform to the time prescribed for the election by
the electoral colleges; otherwise, there would be a
, non-compliance with the constitution.
[Here Mr. McC. read from the constitution to
sustain this position.]
He hoped, therefore, for these hasty and some-
what incoherent reasons, that immediate action
would be had.
Mr. PAYNE. When the proposition was first
presented to rSfer this bill to a select commtttee, I
had no objection to the reference. But subsequent
reflection has convinced me that the reference is unne-
cessary, for the object indicated by the gentleman
from South Carolina [Mr. Campbell] and the gen-
tleman from Pennsylvania [Mr. Ingersoll.]
The object of referring this bill, as indicated by
those gentlemen, is to change the day upon which it
is intended to hold the election for electors for Pres-
ident and Vice President of the United States, from
the first Tuesday after the first Monday in November,
the first Monday in December.
To this change of time, there is, in my opinion,
insuperable objections. By existing laws, the elec- \
tors for President and Vice President are required to \
assemble on the first Wednesday in December, and i
cast their votes for President and Vice President of j
she United States. If you fix the day for electing j
the electors on the Monday preceding'the Wednesday /
upon which they are required to cast their votes foff
President and Vice President, it is obvious the lay
will defeat itself. ■ , I
After the electors have been chosen by the peopje,
the returns have to be made to the Secretary'of.
State, which would require at least ten days in a
State of ordinary size. Moreover, the executive has '
to issue his proclamation, designating the persons
chosen by the people as electors. Now, sir, what
time is allowed for the working of all this machine-
ry, if Congress should require the election to be
holden on the first Monday in December? One day
only, sir, from Monday until Wednesday. It is,
therefore, obvious that the election could not be
holden for want of time.
Again, sir: the first Wednesday in December may
sometimes come before the first Monday in Decern- ,
bex. In that case, the law, as it now exists, would \
require the electors to cast their votes for President
and Vice President before themselves had been elect'
ed by the people. In view of these facts, 1 shall not -
vote for the reference, for the reason indicated. v
Moreover, if Congress designates the first Mon-
day in December upon which the electors shall be
chosen by the people, this body will be practical-
ly disfranchised, so far as the election of electors is
concerned; because this body meets on the first
Monday in December; and we should not be in our
States, where we are alone entitled to vote for elect-
ors on the day of the election. Under any aspect of
the case, it occurs to me that the first.Monday in .
December would be the worst day of all others for-
the election of electors by the people.
Sir, there is one other consideration which I will
mention, and which furnishes, in my view, a reason
against the reference of this bill to a committee for
the purpose of changing the day indicated in the
bill, to the first Monday m December. It is this:,
the same reasons which make it necessary«o
elect the presidential electors on the same day
throughout the Union, apply with equal force to the
election of members of Congress. The induce-
ment for frauds upon the ballot-box is about equal
in both cases; and the results upon the country are
alike important. If the election for electors is hold-
en on the same day throughout the Union, it is to
be hoped that the State legislatures will, by law,
adopt the same day for the election of members of /
Congress. By doing this, frauds will be prevented in /
the election of members of Congress, as well as in/
the election of electors.
But if the day of holding this election be the day
upon which Congress meets, the State legislatures
cannot and will not adopt that day upon which thfe
members of this body shall be elected. I therefore
hope the bill will not be referred with the view of
altering time.
Mr. ELMER said it would be recollected that
when this bill first came into this House he urged its
reference to a standing committee, for he believed
then that such a reference was not only necessary,
but that it would facilitate the object of its author.
It, however, seemed to him now that it was not ne-
cessary at this time that it should be so referred.
They had suggested amendments which had been
adopted by the gentleman from Ohio; and if it should
now go to a committee, it did not appear possible
that the many conflicting opinions which were en-
tertained could be reconciled but by the House it-
, self, by a direct vote. He did not think it practica-
