CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
31
Michigan, if be was correctly informed—it would
be necessary to amend their constitution if this law-
was passed. He would respect the sovereignty of
South Carolina in the same manner as of any State
of the confederacy; but this was an1 exercise of a
power coextensive with the Union itself; and if they
assumed its exercise they must embrace every State
in the confederacy, or the power was not exercisd in
the sense the constitution intended. He concurred
entirely with the views.of the gentleman from Vir-
ginia, [Mr. Dromgoole,] and he trusted the propo-
sition to except South Carolina would not find favor
with the House, as it would frustrate the great de-
sign of the bill, and as thepeople of South Carolina
themselves, he believed, did not desire to be made an
exception to a.law which operated on all the other
States.
Mr. HALE observed that, exceptions having
been made in favor of these States that require a
majority vote to elect their electors, he for one, as a
representative of one of the States thus situated,
was contented to go further, and make an exception
in favor of the State that chooses her electors by her
legislature. In reply to a suggestion thrown out by
one of the gentlemen who took part in the debate,
he would observe that, if this bill was to be modifi-
ed so as to compel the States to choose their electors
by less than a majority, they would attempt to do
what the constitution did not authorize. The con-
stitution simply gave to Congress the power in ref-
erence as to time. Believing that this subject had
already been sufficiently discussed, he called for the
previous question.
The question being put on seconding the call for
the previous question, it was decided in the affirma-
tive—ayes 84, noes not counted.
The main question was then ordered; and
The SPEAKER stated that it woukt be first on
the amendment of the gentle/nan from South Caro-
lina [Air. Campbell.]
Mr. DROMGOOLE called for- the yeas and nays,
which were ordered; and the vote being taken, re-
sulted—yeas 52, nays 141, as follows:
YEAS—Messrs. Arrington, Bai2v, Bidlack, Edward J.
Black, James A. Black. Bower, Brodhead, Aaron V. Brown,
William J. Brown, Buike, Burt, Campbell, Reuben Chap-
man, Chappell, Cobb, Cranston, Daniel, Dawson, Duncan,
Elmer, Farlee, Ficklin, Hale. Hammett, Herrick. Holmes,
Hoge, Houston, Hughes. Charles J. Jngersoll, Jameson,
Cave Johnson, Andrew Johnson, Andrew Kennedy, La-
branoke, Lumpkin, Norris, Owen Payne, Pettit, Ebsha R.
Fotter, Reding, Rhett, Roberts, Saunders, Simpson, Ste-
phens, SjL.es, Taylor, Wentwoith, Woodward, and
Yancoy.—
NAYS—.Messrs. Abbot. Adams, Anderson, Baker. Bairin-
ger, Barnard, Benton, James Black, Biackwell, Boyd, Bren-
gle, Brinkcrho/K, Jeremiah Brown, Buflington, Caldwell,
Carpenter. Jeremiah E. Cary, Carroll, Cathn, Augustus A
Chapman, Chilton, Clinch, Chngman, Coles, Collamer, Cul-
lom, Dana, Darragh. tiajrettDaiis. Kirhard 1). Davis, John
W. Davis, Dean, Deburry. Deilet, Dickey. Dillingham,
Dromgoole, Dunlap, Fi«h, Florence Foot, Foster, French,
Fuller, Giddings Goggin Ejram Green, Grinnell, Under,
H Hamlin, Harden. Haipei, Hays, Henley, Hopkins, Hubard,
HubbpJl, Hudson, I-tungeiforJ Washington Hunt. James B.
Hunt, Joseph R. Ingersoll, Irvin, Jenks. Perley B. Johnson,
G. \V Jones, John P. Kennedy. Preston King, Daniel P. King,
Leonard, Lucas, Lyon, McCauslin, Maclay, McClelland,
McClernard, McConnell, Mcllvd.ine, .McKay, Marsh, Edward
Joy Morris, Joseph Moiris, F. II Morse. Moseley. Murphy,
Nes, Newton, Parmenter. Paterson, Peyton, Phaenix, Pol-
lock. E. D. P®tter, Pratt, Preston, Purdy. Ramsey, Ttavnex, D.
S. Reid, Relfe, Ruter, Rockwell Rodney, Rogers, Russell,
St. John, Semple, Schenck, Senter, Severance, Thomas H.
Seymour, Dav id L. Seymour. Simons, Slidell, JohnT Smith,
Robert Smith, Steenrod, Stetson, Andrew Stewart, John
Stewart, Stiles, James W. Stone, Alfred P. Stone, Strong,
Summers, Thomasson, Tibbatts, Tyler, Vance Vanmeter,
Vinton, V/eller.Wethercd, Wheaton, John V/lme, Benjamin
Whi.p, Williams, Winthrop, William Wught, Joseph A.
Wright, and Yost.—141.
So the amendment of Mr. Camtbell was re-
jected.
The question was then put on the amendment re-
ported by the Committee of the Whole, and deci-
ded in the affirmative without a division.
The question was then stated to be on the en-
grossment of the bill for a thud reading.
Mr. DUNCAN called for the yeas and nays;
when
The House adjourned over to Monday next.
1 he following notices of petitions presented to-
day, were handed to the reporter by the members
presenting them:
By Mr. HUBBELL: The petition of Gen. A. V. Knicker-
packer, andSbi other citizens ofSteubencounty, New York,
"i iavor oi the reduction of letter postage: refened to the
Loramittec on the Post Office and Post Roads.
Mr ti i The'petition of Captain William Stub-
•lcnew, ol 3,ason county, Kentucky, praying that a pension
may be granted to him on account of services in the Indian
°U^lt0 1T94: re*erred to the Committee on Revo-
By Mr STETSON: The memorial of the trustees of the
Bank of Potomac, Alexandria, D. C., asking for a charter;
with the printed proceedings of the corporation, assigning
its effects to trustees, and the opinion of R. S. Coxe, esq.,
advising the trustees to continue their banking operations
after the expiration of their charter, under the common-law
rights of partnership associations: referred to the Commit-
tee for the District of Columbia.
By Mr. J. B. HUNT: The petition of Chester Parish, of
Oakland county, Michigan, for arrears of pension: referred
to the Committee on Invalid Pensions.
By Mr. RITTER: The petitionfrom Michael Spaly, for an
increase of pension. Petition from the heirs of Henry Loby,
deceased for a balance of pension alleded to be due them.
Petition from Christina Gehret, for a pension under the act
of 4th July, J836.
By Mr. WILLIAM WRIGHT: The petition of Samuel
Colt, on the subjcct of his convention of the water-proQf
cartridge: refenedtothe Committee on the Militia.
By Mr. DUNLAP: The petition of Lemuel Moody, of
Portland, Maine, for a pension. Also, the petition of Jane
Perry, and. .others, children of William Stanwood, praying
for a pension in consideration of the serv ices of their father
in the war of the revolution.
By Mr. HUBARD: The petition of Mary Perry, and others,
heirs of John Donuel, for a revolutionary pension." Also,
the memorial ofWm. Vice, for a revolutionary pension:
referred to the Committee on Revolutionary Pensions.
By. Mr. J. W. STONE: The petition of Sally Cardwell,
asking a pension: referred to the Committee of Revolution-
ary Pensions.
By Mr. FISH: The memorial of officers at Fort Columbus,
and of 193 citizens, praying an appropriation for the erec-
tion of a building at Fort Columbus to receive the assem-
bled garrison, and to accommodate the schools provided by
the regulations. The petition of William Simpson, for com-
pensation for damages done by troops in the year 1814.
The petition of certain publishers and editors, praying that
deputy postmasters may be allowed to frank letters con-
taming subscription money to newspapers, magazines, &c.
The petition of William Depeus, foi a reduction of the
duties imposed on Canary wine by the tariff act of 1842.
The petition of Mary Martin, late of New York, formerly
Mary Lindsay, praying compensation for a negro man cap-
tured by the British during the last war. The petition of
Eliza Trenchard, and 13 others, widows of officers of the
navy, praying that provision be made to restore to the navy
pension fund the amount lost by depreciation, or other
causes.
IN SENATE.
Monday, December 16, 1844.
The PRESIDENT pro. (em* laid before the Sen-
ate a report from the Secretary of State, made agree-
ably to act of 2d March, 1799, accompanied by
abstracts of American seamen registered in each port
of entry of the United States, from Oct. 1, 1843, to
Sept. 30,1844.
Alcjo a report from the Secretary of State, made
agreeably to law, showing the number and designa-
tion of the passengers who have arrived in each col-
lection district of the United States during the three
fii st quarters of the year 1843, and the year com-
mencing Oct. ], 1843, and ending- Sept. 30, 1844;
which,
On motion by Mi. HUNTING-TON, were sever-
ally ordered to lie on the table and be printed.
Mr. FOSTER of Tennessee presented a petition
from Thomas Cowperthwaite & Co., booksellers of
the city of Philadelphia, praying the aid of govern-
ment in the publication of the reports of the decis-
ions of the Supreme Court of the United States;
■which was referred to the Committee on the Judi-
ciary.
Mr. FAIRFIELD presented a'petition from Thos.
Dyer, Joseph Elwell, and Lewis Kidlen, seamen on
board the United States ship '-Adams," praying
compensation for loss of their property by the des-
truction of that ship in the year 1814.
Also.the petition of Nathaniel Phillips, a seaman
on board of the United States ship Adams, praying
a pension for injuries received in the discharge of
his duty, and compensation for loss of his property
by the destruction of that vessel in the year 1814;
which were severally referred to the Committee on
Naval Affairs.
On motion by Mr. FAIRFIELD, the petition of
Joseph Veozie, praying for a pension, was ordered
to be taken from the files, and, with the additional
documents m support of the claim he then presented,
referred to the Committee on Pensions.
On motion by Mr. FOSTER of New York, it
was ordered that the petition of William Henson
for a pension, be taken from the files, and referred
to the Committee on Pensions.
Mr. MILLER presented a memorial from the
trustees of the bank of Potomac, praying for a re-
newal of their charter: referred to the Committee on
the District of Columbia.
Mr. MILLER gave notice that he would to-
morrow ask leave to introduce a bill for grading
square 249, belonging to the United States, in Wash-
ington.
Mr. BAYARD presented a memorial from sun-
dry citizens of Delaware, praying that the piers at
Fort Penn and Reedy Island may be repaired; and
that the light-house on Brandywine shoal, in the
Delaware river, may be completed: referred to the
Committee on Commerce.
Mr. RIVES presented a memorial from the trus-
tees of the Farmer's bank of Alexandria, praying
for a renewal of their charter: referred to toe Com-
mittee on the District of Columbia. '
Also presented a petition from George Taylor,
praying indemnity for losses sustained by French
spoliations prior to 1800; which was referred to the
Committee on Foreign Relations.
Mr. ATCHISON presented a petition from citi-
zens of the city and county of St. Louis, praying
for an appropriation for the improvement of that
harbor: referred to the Committee on Commerce.
On motion by Mr. BARROW, it was ordered that
the petition and papers of Dr. McFarland, of New
Orleans, be taken from the files, and referred to the
Committee on Claims.
Mr. WOODBURY presented a petition from
Henry Williams, of Baltimore, praying that a draft
of James Reeside, a contractor for transporting the
mail, and accepted by the Post Office Department,
may be protected and paid out of any money Con-
gress may appropriate on behalf of Mary Reeside,
the widow and administratrix of the last will and
testament of James Reeside: referred to the Com-
mittee on the Judiciary.
Mr. STURGEON presented several memorials
from citizens of the city and county of Philadelphia,
praying that the piers at Port Penn and Reedy isl-
and may be put in repair by the government, and
the light house on Brandywine shoals may be com-
pleted: referred to the Committee on Commerce.
Mr. BUCHANAN presented a petition from
Joshua Shaw, praying compensation for his inven-
tion of copper caps and percussion locks for small
arms, and locks and primers for cannon, and which
the United States have appropriated to its own use
without compensation, and in violation of its pledges:
referred to the Committee on Military Affairs.
Mr. FOSTER of New York gave notice that he
would to-morrow ask leave to introduce a bill fo%
the relief of the sureties of Samuel Swartwout, late
collector of the port of New York.
On motion by Mr. PHELPS, it was ordered that
the memorial of Calvin Emery be taken from the
files and referred to the Committee on Patents.
Also presented a petition from Mrs. Pike, the
widow of General Pike, late ef the United States
army, praying for a pension: referred to the Com-
mittee on Military Affairs.
Mr. EVANS presented a petition from Thomas
Smith, praying for the repayment of a fine imposed
on him for an alleged violation of the revenue laws;
which was referred to the Committee on Commerce.
On motion by Mr. PORTER, the memorial of
the board of internal improvement of Michigan,
praying for a remission of duties on certain railroad
iron, was ordered to be taken from the files and
referred to the Comrrfittee on Finance.
Also, on his motion, it was ordered that the me-
morial of the citizens of Michigan, praying that juris-
diction in admiralty may be conferred on federal
courts upon the waters of the northwestern lakes,
be taken from the files, and referred to the Commit-
tee on the Judiciary.
Mr. ATCHISON presented a petition from citi-
zens of Oregon, praying for the establishment of
certain mail routes in that territory: referred to the
Committee on the Post Office and Post Roads.
Mr. BREESE gave notice that he would to-mor-
row ask leave to introduce a bill relinguishing to
the State of Illinois the right to tax laeds sold by
the United States in that State, from and after the
day of sale.
Mr. BENTON presented a memorial from the
city council of the city of St. Louis, praying for an
appropriation for the improvement or preservation
of the harbor of that city: referred to the Committee
on Commerce.
On motion of Mr. MERRICK, it was ordered
that the resolutions of the legislature of Maryland,
asking Congress to make the bridges across the
eastern branch of the Potomac free bridges, be taken
from the files, and referred to the Committee on the
District of Columbia.
On motion by Mr. MERRICK, it was ordered
that there be printed, for the use of the Post Office
Department, one thousand copies extra of the report
of the Postmaster General, and the papers and docu-
ments connected therewith, communicated to the
