34
CONGRESSIONAL GLOBlL
sa&i
course of innovation, aft«r the folly of the times,
having been once- entered upon, a few years after
(in 1828, during the last year of the administration
of John duincy Adams) was continued by another
radical -innovation, repealing altogether both the
fjrovisions of Mr. Jefferson's and Mr. Madison's
aws.
In this growing laxity, did we not find the occa-
sion of those evils which his honorable friends had
so properly presented to the consideration of the
Senate? If so, did not sound wisdom require us to
seek-a remedy for these evils, by returning to the
sound practical policy of the legislation of Jeffer-
son and Madison's time, and by reviving those two
provisions to which he had alluded, with such
other guards as might be found requisite? And we
would see if it would not be a remedy against those
evils of which all complained: he said all; for he
did not doubt that gentlemen on the other side of the
house were prepared to admit the testimony against
these frauds and malpractices. It seemed to him in-
disputable that the remedy pointed <jut was a fun-
damental one; for, no matter how long the time was
extended—whether to fourteen, twenty-one, thirty,
or forty years—if there was not some effectual ad-'
ministrative system provided, by which the law
could be guarded from violation and fraud, tliose
evils would exist. This was strong proof in favor
of the former naturalization system, and went far to
show the wisdom of reinstating that system,
which - had been so long and so satisfactorily
tested.' If, after a fair trial,.it should prove ineffec^
tual in affording security against those frauds, we
must then call for some'other provision, and it will
be time enough to talk of extending the period of
probation. But his humble judgment upon the sub-
ject^ after some reflection, was, that all we could
wisely do now, was to provide for an efficient en-
forcement of the existing law; and, in that, might
not gentlemen on tins side of the floor expect the
eo-operation of their friends on the other? Where
was there ua American patriot—whether within
the walls of this Capitol, or elsewhere—who would
not raise his voice for an honest enforcement of this
law? Where was there an Amercan citizen, no
matter from what clime he came, who would not
sustain, by his voice, the law which had given him
the rights and privileges of an American citizen?
Would not the alien be willing to join with the na-
tive American in devising some system by which
these abuses could be prevented?
These seemed to him to be considerations which
appealed to all. He did not deem that anything
now could be wisely done except to make the pro-
visions which would be necessary to enforce the ex-
isting law. He had been led to these remarks be-
cause he had been looking at the history of our
legislation upon this subject, which deeply impress-
ed him with the opinion that, if the provisions for
an efficient administration of the law, carried out by
Mr. Jefferson and Mr. Madison, had not been re-
called under the subsequent administration of Mr.
Monroe and Mr. John Gl. Adams, we should now
have none of those evils complained of.
He had thrown oat such ideas as had occurred to
him after some solitary reflection upon the subject,
not intending to anticipate a discussion; but hoping
that the honorable and distinguished senator who
presided over the Committee on the Judiciary
would be so kind as to take them into consideration
when he should engage seriously in the inquiry.
He had presented them with the hope, also, that they
might form a common ground of action upon which
all might meet for the purpose of redressing these
grievances so generally felt, and that they might act
upon it with no spirit of party, but in the true spirit
of American citizens.
Mr. MERRICK observed that there had been
much excitement throughout the country on this
subject; and there could be little doubt that, in any
view which could be taken of it, the resolution sub-
mitted by the senator from Louisiana would have
the tendency to allay that excitement, inasmuch as
it would lead the public mind to a more correct un-
derstanding of the question. This, however, was
not the time, at the present stage of the resolution, to
discuss the whole of the merits of the question. He,
for one—and he had no doubt it would be the gene-
ral sentiment of the Senate—wished the discussion
to be reserved until the distinguished senator at the
head of the Judiciary Committee shall have made
his report on the resolution. He had full confidence
that the report would give general satisfaction.
He had simply risen to say that his own opinion
•was, that, in the excitement which had been got up,
much injustice had been done to that portion of the
population designated "foreigners," residing amongst
us. This excitement was levelled at them as if they
alone were to blame; whereas much of the evils
grew out of the abuse of the laws by our own peo-
ple, and not out of the voluntary acts of foreigners—=•
the fault being in the administration of the laws,
and not in them.
Now he, for one, was -not willing that there
should be any great extension of the period of resi-
dence required on the part of' foreigners before they
become eligible to naturalization. The period re-
quired by the laws as they now exist—as had been re-
presented by the senator from Virginia, [Mr. Rives,]
—appeared to him to be abundantly ample. Let the
laws be administered according to their true intent
and meaning, and let not innocent people suffer by
an excitement unjustly got up against them, instead
of b«ing directed against those who caused the mal-
administration of the laws.
He hoped the report of the Judiciary Committee
would be promptly made; and that it would result in
allaying the excitement throughout the country,
which was creating dissension between the two de-
scriptions of our population—our native-born citizens,
and foreign residents who have come here for the
purpose of remaining and beco'ming naturalized citi-
zens; for there was nothing but evil and mischief to
grow out of every attempt to raise angry feelings be-
tween them. Any attempt to change the present
period of probation, while other remedies exist for
the evils complained of, was a thing which he hoped
the committee would not countenance. ITe had
taken this occasion t6 declare his unwillingness-that
there should be any change contemplating the ex-
tension of this probationary period; and also of de-
claring his opinion that the excitement which had
got up on this question, should, with more justice,
have been directed against those of our own people
who had abused our laws, than against a large and
respectable class, who emigrated from foreign lands
to make this country their home, and that, too, un-
der the invitation of our laws, securing to them, in
due time, the rights of citizenship.
Mr. DICKINSON said the resolutions, so far as
he understood their character, proposed to continue
to foreigners the rights of citizenship, but to post-
pone the enjoyment to a far distant day from the
commencement of residence. They did not'seem
to deny him his political birthright, but literally re-
quired him to be born when he was old They
were evidently not aimed at abuses under the pres-
ent system, but against the system itself, proposing
to fix so remote a period as practically to destroy its
advantages. Among the alleged reasons' for action,
was the great number who, it was said, had been
admitted to the rights of citizenship in the city of
New York, though the senator from Louisiana
[Mr. Johnson] seemed to possess information
which had not been extended to citizens of that
State. But, even if the great number alleged had
availed themselves of that high privilege, within the
provisions of the constitution and laws, without
frauds, (and he did not understand the senator to im-
pute that,) he would submit that the citizens of New
York had not subjected themselves to censure or
reproach, for having availed themselves of a high
constitutional privilege; nor did it present any reason
for action, except such as went against the privilege
as enjoyed at present.
But (said Mr. D.) if abuses have been practised
under the system, shall it be, for that reason, destioy-
ed? If it had not at some time been the subject of
abuse, it would be exempt from that which had be-
fallen all other human institutions. If the present
system was defective, and that could be shown, it
might well be the subject of inquiry, as had been
suggested by the senators from Virginia, [Mr. Rives,]
and from Maryland, [Mr. Merrick.]
But he did not now intend to enter into a discus-
sion at this preliminary stags; he arose simply to say
that he should reserve his remarks for a future oc-
casion, when the question should fully come up; and
in the mean time to indicate the opinion that the ob-
ject sought by the resolutions—denying to the for-
eigner the rights of citizenship .until he had remain-
ed among us a long period, say twenty-one years,
and in the mean time to improve his knowledge of
our institutions and elevate his understanding—
would fall far short of its aim; for he believed it
would be found as impossible to improve the condi-
tion of men by for any considerable time denying
to them political rights and privileges, as to improve
the vegetable world by excluding the light, the heat,
and the dews of evening.
Mr. BERRIEN did not rise to discuss this ques-
tion, but because the occasion seemed proper for
him to refer to the expected action of the committee
over which he had the honor to preside. He thought
it should be expected that the subject, when before
that committee, would be carefully examined. It
would obviously be unfit to anticipate the opinion
of that committee; and, avoiding that, all he desired
to say was, that, according to the view he had at
present of the subject, it would be scarcely practi-
cable to have a very prompt report upon this ques-
tion. Great frauds are alleged -to have been prac-
tised under the existing naturalization laws. In-
deed, it seemed to be almost universally admitted
that frauds to a considerable extent did exist. It is
one of the propositions of the senator from Loui-
siana [Mr. Johnson] that inquiry be made into the
expediency and necessity of adopting such meas-
ures as shall have the effect of preventing their re-
currence. So that there are two branches of in-
quiry involved in the proposition: first, as to whether
frauds .do exist; and next, as to the nature of,
and remedy for, these frauds. It is evident the
committee cannot rely for evidence on general alle-
gations or newspaper statements; nor should it be
expected that action would be founded on this spe-
cies of evidence. He was desirous of seeing spe-
cific instances of fraud adduced before the commit-
tee, either by the petitioners on the subject, or other-
wise. At the close of the last session there ■ were
various petitions presented to the Senate, and re-
ferred to the Judiciary Committee; but this was at
so late a period'of the session as to preclude
action upon them. He had no doubt, then,
that many of these petitions would be renewed
at the present session; and he then indulged-
the hope that their renewal would be accom-
panied by such evidence of facts as would en-
able the committee to act understanding^ on
the subject; and he did not now believe he should
be disappointed in this expectation. It appeared to
him highly probable that such evidence would be
adduced early in this session. It did not to him
seem proper that the committee should proceed to
the investigation without such evidence, on the mere
rumors to be found in newspaper paragraphs. The
question submitted to the committee was an ex-
tremely important one. This would be admitted;
and in view of its magnitude and delicacy, he should
express his belief—which, indeed, was the chief ob-
ject of his rising to make any remarks in this stage
of the subject—that a prompt report from the com-
mittee was not to be expected.
Mr. FOSTER of New York had supposed that
the time for discussing this question would be when
the Senate should have some definite proposition for
action before it. Believing that when any such
proposition should come up would be the proper
occasion to debate the question, he should not now
have risen to say one word, had it not been for the
remarks of the senator from Louisiana [Mr. John-
son] as to allegations made in reference to the ac-
tion of the courts in the State of New York. It
was very true that a large number of foreigners had
been admitted to citizenship in New York, just be-
fore the elections. . But that was not at all wonder-
ful. New York was the largest city in the Union;
and from that circumstance, as well as the fact of its
being the port in which much the largest propor-
tion of emigrants to the United States debarked, it
was quite natural that its population should con-
tain the largest number of those coming from
abroad, who should require admission to the
rights of citizenship. It was not at all as-
tonishing that, of the great body of emigrants
arriving at the port of New York, a large propor-
tion should make it their place of residence. Nor
was it at all singular that, of those entitled, to citizeng
ship, a large number should take out their naturali-
zation papers immediately before an election of great
public interest; because it is the first occasion on
which it becomes necessary for them to avail them-
selves of their civil and political rights. Therefore,
it is not strange that they should be anxious to ob-
tain the right to which they are eligible, when the
time comes for exercising that right. But surely all
this gives no sanction to the allegation of frauds. It
is the easiest thing in the world to cry out "fraud!
fraud!" but before a mere outcry should be made
the basis of such a proposition as this resolution
contemplates, there should be some proof—some
evidence of facts—-as to the existence of the frauds
alleged. He was far from believing that either the
laws of the United States or the laws of the State of
New York were less fairly or less impartially ad-
