CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
41
but no charge on any such letter or package weighing
no more than half an ounce, between any two points in
the United States, to exceed five cents, or be Jess than two
% That an additional charge, equal to the postage, upon
any letter or package, shall be made thereto for each addi-
tional quarter of an ounce, without referencein any case to
the number of pieces of paper, or matter of which such let-
ter or package may be composed.
3 That all newspapers iand printed periodicals shall be
charged with postage at the rate of one cent for each half
once in weight, and one* cent additional for each quarter of
an ounce over and beyond the first half ounce*
Mr. G10DINGS gave notice that he would to-
morrow, or some subsequent day, ask leave to in-
troduce a bill to repeal all acts of Congress hereto-
fore passed for the support of slavery, or the slave
trade, within the the District of Columbia. . .
Mr. E. S. HAMLIN offered' the following reso-
lution; which being objected toj lies over one day;
Resolved, That the President be requested to communicate
to this House, if in his possession, copies of all treaties and
compacts between the governments of Texas and Great Bri-
tain, particularly a copy, of the treaty of commerce and nav-
igation between said governments, signed on the 6th day of
November, 1840.
Mr, HARPER offered the following resolutions
which was considered and agreed to:
Resolved, That the petition of the heirs of Jacob Thomas,
of Knox county, Ohio, and the accompanying papers, now
on the files of the House, be referred to the Committee on
Private Land Claims.
COASTING TRADE.
Mr. BRINKERHOFF offered the following res-
olution; which was considered and agreed to:
Resolved, That the Committee on Commerce be instructed
to inquire into the expediency of requiring by law all masters
of vessels engaged in the coasting trade of the United States
to furnish to the collectors of the ports from which they may
sail ,* true copies of all manifests, or the adoption of some other
plan of securing accurate returns the Secretary of the Treas-
ury of the coasting trade.
Mr. McDOWELL offered the following resolu-
tion; which lies over, on notice of debate:
Rfsolved, That the Committee on the Judiciary be instruct*
ed to inquire into the expediency of so amending the nat
uralization laws of the United States as to authorize any of
the courts of record of the State thereof, when the witness
or witnesses of any applicant under said law fox naturaliza-
tion are beyond the jurisdiction of such court, to cause to be
issued, upon the motion of such applicant, a commission
authorizing any justice of the peace within any of the States
thereof, or any clerk of the courts of the same, where such
witnesses or witnesses reside, to take the testimony of such
witness or witnesses in writing, certify and affix, or cause to
be affixed, the seal oi said county (if there be a seal) to the
same, and transmit it the court from whence it issued, to be
sued as competent evidence in such case, to secure to such
applicant the benefit of said naturalization laws.
On the motion of Mr. R. SMITH, it was
Resolved, That the Committee on Revolutionary Pensions
be instructed to inquire into the expediency of extending
the benefits of all the pension laws now in force, granting
pensions to the officers and soldiers of the revolutionary
war, and their widows, to the officers and soldiers who
served in the defence of our frontiers in the Indian wars
prior to the year 3812.
Also, resolved, That the Committeeon Commerce be in-
structed to inquire into the expediency of establishing a
marine hospital at the junction of the Mississippi and Ohio
rivers, for the accommodation of sick and disabled sailors,
seamen, boatmen, and others.
Mr. J. A. WRIGHT gave notice that he would
on to-morrow, or some subsequent day, ask leave
to introduce a bill for the relief of Mary Ann Bru-
ner, of Putnam county, Indiana.
Mr. W. J. BROWN gave notice of his intention
to introduce a bill granting pre-emption rights to ac-
tual setlers upon the unsold lands lying in the State
of Indiana, whii'h were ceded by the Miami Indians
to the United States.
Mr. THOMPSON gave notice of his intention
hereafter to ask leave to introduce a bill to legalize
the sales of certain lands made at the Chocehuma
and Columbus land offices, in the State of Missis-
sippi.
On the motion of Mr. HUGHES, it was
Resolved, That the Committee on Indian Affairs be in-
structed to inquire into the expediency of removing the
superintendency of Indian affairs from St. Louis to Fort
Leavenworth, or some other suitable place on the western
border of the State of Missouri; and that they report by bill
or otherwise.
Mr. DOUGLASS, pursuant to notice heretofore
given, asked and obtained leave to introduce a "bill
to establish the territory of Nebraska;" which was
read twice, and referred to the Committee on Terri-
tories, and ordered to be printed.
Mr. McCLELLAND obtained leave to introduce
a bill relative to the office of surveyor-general of the
States of Ohio, Indiana, aid Michigan; which was
read twice, and referred to the Committee on Pub-
lic Lands.
Mr. LYON, pursuant to notice, obtained leave to
introduce a bill to apply certain alternate sections of
the public domain towards the completion of works
of internal improvement in the State of Michigan,
and for other purposes; which was read twice, and
referred to the Committee on Roads and Canals.
Mr. JAS. B. HUNT, pursuant to notice, obtain-
ed leave to introduce a bill authorizing the opening
of a canal around the falls of St. Mary, at the outlet
of Lake Superior; which was read twice, and refer-
red to the Committee on Roads and Canals.
Mr. HENRY DODGE, pursuant to notice, ob-
tained leave to introduce a bill to grant a certain -
quantity of land, to aid in the improvement of
the Pox and Wisconsin rivers, and to connect the
same by a canal in the Territory of Wisconsin;
which was read twice, and referred to the Commit-
tee on the Public Lands.
Mr. C. B. SMITH offered the following; which
lies over, under the rule:
Resolved, That the Committee of Ways and Means be in-
structed to report to this House a bill making an appropria-
tion of one hundred thousand dollars for the continuation
of the Cumberland^ road in the State of Ohio, $150,000 for
the continuation of said road in the State of Indiana, and
$150,000 for the continuation of said road in the State of
Illinois.
Mr. SAMPLE offered the following; which was
agreed to:
Resolved, That the Committee on Commerce be instructed
to inquire into the expediency of making a suitable appro-
priation for continuing the improvements in the harbor
of Michigan city, in the State of Indiana; and also to inquire
into the expediency of authorizing the erection of a light-
house at City West of Lake Michigan.
On the motion of Mr. WENT WORTH, it was
Resolved, That the Committee on Committee on Com-
merce be instructed to inquire into the expediency of con-
structing a harbor at Little Fort, Lake county, State of
Illinois.
Mr. J. W. DAVIS offered the following; which
lies over, under the rule:
Resolved, That the President of the United States be re-
quested to furnish to this House, at the earliest practicable
period, if not incompatible with the public interest, copies
of all correspondence with the British government in rela-
tion to the occupation of the Oregon territory, which cor-
respondence may have transpired since the 4th March, 1841.
Mr. SLIDELL offered the following; which was
read twice, and referred to the Committee on the
J udiciary:
Resolved by the Senate and House of Representatives of
the United States of America in Congress assembled, two-
thirds of both Houses concurring, That the following amend-
ment of the constitution of the United States be proposed to
the several States, to be valid, to all intents and purposes, as
part of said constitution, when ratified by the legislatures
of three-fourths of said States, viz: The election of Presi-
dent and Vice President shall hereafter be made directly by
the people, or the legislatures, of the several States, with-
out the intervention of electors. Each State shall, in such
manner as the legislature thereof may direct, give as many
votes for President and Vice President as may be equal to
the whole number of senators and representatives to which
the State may be entitled in the Congress. The returns of
said votes shall be certified and transmitted by the several
States in the manner and form now prescribed for certifying
and transmitting thri votes of the electoral colleges.
Mr. LEVY, submitted the following; and they
were agreed to:
Resolved, That the Committee on Military Affairs be di-
rected to inquire into the propriety of granting a pension to
the widows or infant children of persons killed by the ene-
my in the course of the Seminole hostilities in Florida.
Resolved, That the Committee on Commerce be directed
to inquire into the propriety of providing for the erection of
a custom-house building and a marine hospital at Apalachi-
cola, Florida.
Mr. HENLEY offered the following; and it was
agreed to:
Resolved, That the Committee on Commerce be instructed
to inquire into the expediency of appropriating $20,000 for
the improvement of the Indiana scnute, in the Falls of the
Ohio river, for downward navigation.
Mr. HAMMETT offered the following; and it
was agreed to:
Resolved, That the Committee on Commerce be instructed
to inquire into the expediency of appropriating $10,000 for
the purpo.ee of jmproving the channel at Pass Christian,
near the State of Mississippi, in the Gulf of Mexico.
Mr. FICKLIN offered the following resolution;
which was agreed to:
Resoleed, That the Committee on Public Lands be instruct-
ed to inquire into the expediency of making - grants of the
public domain on the following basis:
1. That each actual settler upon any unappropriated 80-
acre tract of land of the government shall be entitled to
certificate therefor.
2. That after he shall have resided thereon for the space
of five years, and cultivated the land aforesaid, a patent con-
veying to him the title thereto shall be granted to him.
3. That any bill reported as aforesaid, shall, as far as may
be, confine the bounty of the government to the actual set-
tler and cultivator of the soil, who may be unable to pay for
the same at the present government price, and that they re-
port by bill or otherwise.
On the motion of Mr. R. CHAPMAN, it was
Resolved, That the Committee on the Judiciary be ifr
structed to inquire into the expediency of reducing the fees
of clerks and marshals of the courts of the United States,
and regulating such fees so that they shall conform to the
established fees in courts of equal original jurisdiction in
the several States. Alse to inquire into the expediency of
passing a law for the punishment of jailers who permit vol-
untarily or negligently the escape of persons they receive
into custody for oS'ences against the laws of the United
States.
On the motion of Mr. PAYNE, it was
Resolved,' That the Committee on the Judiciary be in-
structed to inquire into the expediency of making an ap-
propriation to erect a court-house for the district court of
the United States in the city of Tuscaloosa, in the State of
Alabama.
On the motion of Mr. DELLET, it was
Resolved, That the Committee on Commerce inquire into
the expediency of transferring from the waters of the Mis,
sissippi a portion of the snag-boats to the river Alabama, for
the purpose of removing the snags and timber wluoh impede
the navigation of the same.
On the motion of Mr. JAMESON, it was
Resolved, That the Committee on the Post Office and Post
Roads inquire into the expediency of establishing a mail-
route from Westport, Jackson county, Missouri, to Van Bu-
ren: in Arkansas, on the road recently completed, not for
from the -western lines of the two States, passing by McHen-
ry's ford, on the Merriclepeln river, near Fort Scott. '
Mr. PHCENIX, pursuant to notice, asked leave
to introduce a bill to provide for the remission of
duties on railroad iron in certain cases.
Leave was granted, and the bill was received.
Mr. C. J. INGERSOLL inquired if he could ob-
ject to the further progress of that bill.
The SPEAKER replied that he could; and that
the question then would be, "Shall the bill be re-
jected?"
The reading of the bill was called for; and the
Clerk read it accordingly.
Mr. B1DLACK said, under the circumstances in
which the bill came up, he would not detain the
House further than to make a single remark. This
proposition was not to give direct bounties to incor-
porated'companies, but to exempt them from the
operations ofalawwhich was binding in other cases.
It had been said that in this country we were not
able to manufacture railroad iron; he wished, in
reference to this matter, to take the opportunity to
state to the House the fact that one of the compa-
nies engaged. in the manufacture of this iron had
placed on the eastern front of this Capitol specimens
of T. and U. rail manufactured by them, (at what
place we were unable to hear.)
Mr. C. J. INGERSOLL said the bill before the
House was in fact nothing more nor less than a pro
tanto repeal of the tariff act of 1842, and a repeal in
its most offensive form; and he wanted to know
what their friends from Massachusetts and other
parts of the country, who were great friends to the
tariff act, meant to say by ayes and noes on this
subject. The votes of Pennsylvania were extreme-
ly convenient on all trying occasions—for coal and
iron, his friend said—and he wanted to know wheth-
er goal and iron were to be deserted whenever it
was convenient to do so for any other purpose?
The sum and substance of this proposition, as he
understood it, was neither more nor less than a re-
peal of the tariff act pro tanto, and the taking up frem
a certain portion of this country several mil-
lions, and then conferring these millions up-
on a certain importing interest of this country.
The subject had been unexpectedly sprung upon
him, and upon the House; and had it not been, he
was laboring under an indisposition which almost
disabled him from speaking. All he desired, was
an opportunity of recording his name against this
bill in all its shapes, modes, and tenses. From its
Alpha to its Omega he considered it the very worst
way of repealing the tariff act of 1842—the most of-
fensive, the most unfair, the most approximating to
an unconstitutional repeal [a laugh] of that act.
[A voice: Are you m favor of continuing that act
as it stands?]
No, (continued Mr. 1.;) I am in favor of modify-
ing it in some respects. What I want chiefly is, to
have the ayes aud noes upon the journal that we
may know how we stand with reference to future
operations. If he tmderstood the report of the Sec-
retary of the Treasury, he recommended a large
modification of the tariff act; but in the latter part
of the document, he said, as if that had been an af-
ter-thought, "Not this year; do not let us do it .now;
let us do it on some future occasion." But, in the
words of tjrie gentleman from Ohio, "sufficient unto
the day is the evil thereof." They were now upon
