52
CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
aristocracy. There, the menial slave, like Lazaras
of old, is dependent for his subsistence upon "the
crumbs that fall from the rich man's table." He
learns "to, crook the pregnant hinges of the knee,
that thrift may follow fawning," and is doomed to
perpetual servitude. The former will not looate in
a new country, because his ease and his pleasure
are not thereby promoted; and the latter will not do
so because he cannot. Such, to some extent, is be-
coming the case in the older States of our confeder-
acy. The line of demarcation is much more palpa-
ble, and the distinction is much greater between the
rich and the poor, than it is in the new States. We
could hope to draw emigration from the middling
classes only either in this country or in Europe.
The honorable gentleman fro i Vermont makes a
direct appeal to the old States. I quote his words
literally, I believe: "But he trusted that those from
the oldest States would prevent its passage, as they
had heretofore done when similar bills were pro-
posed.This appeal to the narrow prejudices of
the older States—this effort to fan the flame of sec-
tional jealousies—cannot enure to their ultimate ben-
efit, as will be seen by a reference to the unparal-
leled increase of the population of the new States
within the last quarter of a century.
Here permit me to adduce, as proofjon this point*
what was said on the 15th of January, 1839, in the
Senate of the United States, by one of its then most
distinguished members, coming from an old and
not from one of the new States:
. "I,shall begin with premising that I am under strong con-
viction, both from,observation and reflection, that we have
armed at the period when an entire revolution of our land
system, as lpr as it is applicable to those States, is inavoida-
bie. They have, in fact, outgrown the system. Since its
first adoption they have come into existence, have passed
through a state of infancy, and have now auived at man-
hood. The system which was wise and just at Hist, is
neither wise nor just applied to them in their changed con*
dition.
"We have heard much, Mr. President, in the present dis-
cussion, about the growth oi the new btates; but, as J may
judge from the various measures proposed on the present
occasion, we have neither realized its rapidity, northe una-
voidable changes in our land system which must follow m
its train. Theirwonderfulgrowthis, indeed, one of those le-
galities almost beyond the grasp of imagination. V 'hen 1 go
back twenty-s'even jeaia, to the period when I first became
h member of the other House, and compare what the new
States then were, to what they now arc, I am lost in wonder
and amazement. Their growth is without example There
ia nothing like at in history. At that time there? was but a
single new State, (Ohio.) I exclude Kentucky, Tennessee,
and Manic, all ot which have been admitted since the adop-
tion of the constitution, and limit ruy j emaiks to those
which have since sprung up on the public domain
"Ohio had then but one representative in the other Kou«e,
Jeremiah Morrow, an honest and sensible man, who was at
that time at the headol the Committee on Public Lands-, and
had the confidence of the House so completely that his voice
was the law of all subjects connected with them. So little
interest did they, at that time, excite There were then
thirty-two senators in all, of which Ohio had, of course,
two; that is, the one-sixteenth of the whole. In the electo-
ral college she had three votes, which made her weight
about the one-fiftieth in that body—a weight scarcely ielt
or estimated in the political movements of the day.
"Such, at that time, was the infant and feeble condition of
the new States. Since then, In a period but little exceed-
ing that allotted to a single generation, to pass over the
stage oflife, how wondeilul the change ! Instead of one, as
then, there are now nine new States; and in the place of
two senators in thirty-two, we now have eighteen in fifty-
two: making, instead of one-sixteenth, more than n third of
the whole; and already three territories, Florida, Wisconsin,
and Iowa, are struggling for admission. "When admitted,
which must be shortly, there will then be twelve new
States, with twenty-four senators in fifty-six, which will in-
crease their relative weight i* this body to three-sevenths
of the whole.
"But as wonderful as has been the increase in this body,
it willbestill more so, after the next census, in the other,
it will be taken next year, and a new appointment ot the
members will be mode under the constitution; when, in-
stead of a single member, being less than one m a hundred,
as was the case twenty-seven years *>go, tlae lepresentation
of the new States will then stand to the old, at least as for-
tyjto sixty, or two-fifths of the whole, as calculated by a
iriend familiar with the subject, and in who«e accuracy i
have entire confidence. The new States having, as they
will then, three-sevenths in this, and two-fifths in the oihei
House, will, of course, have a relative w eight in the electo-
ral college, or the same thing in a choice of a President,
compounded of the two, that is, five-twelfths of the whole.
So much-for the past.
"Now if we turn to the future, we shall find the cause of
this amazing growth so far from being exhausted or weak-
ened, is acting with uiciea&ed fotce, and uiging forward
the growth ot those States with accelerated, instead ofd de-
creasing velocity, so much so, that the past changes in the
last twenty-seven years will appear as nothing, compared
with what will take place in the next twenty-sc\ en, unless
some unforeseen occurrence should intervene to retard their
piogress. If my memory serve me, our population, twen-
ty -seven years ago, wa3 about seven millions; and our an-
imal increase then—that is, the excess of earths over deaths,
including emigration—about two hundred thousand, estimat-
ing our growth at three per cent, compound. Since then,
our population has increased not le&s than nine millions,
aia&iag the pseseatprobably about sixUen, whichj on the
same data, will make our annual increase at this time but
little short of half a million; the greater part of which will
find their homes in the new States.
"I will not enter into a minute calculation-as to the ef-
fects of this great increase on the relative w eight of fhe
new and old States at the next succeeding census, in 1850.
It is sufficient to say, that it will give a decided majority to
the form«r, both in the House ot Representatives and in
the electoral college, and, of coursc, in the government;
and thus, m the short space of one generation and a half,
the sceptre of political power, as between the old and new
States, will have passed from theformer to the latter.
"Now, with these unquestionable results before us, 1
ask, not whether it woulu be wise to continue the old sys-
tem; no, sir! afar bolder question, will it lie practicable'
And if not practicable, would it be wise to struggle to con-
tinue it, till overthrown by the force of unavoidable and irre-
sistible causes? I ask, what would be the eftects of such a
struggle* Would it not be to excite, in the first instance,
animosity and discord between the old and new States,
and, in thegend, to overthrow the entire land system, with
the certain loss, ultimately, of the public domain? I bhall
not, on this occasion, attempt a foimal discussion of these
points. I propose, in order to illustrate, simply to show
how vain and dangerous would be the attempt to hold onto
the present system, under these gi cat and growing changes,
by tracing its'1 operation under a single aspect, its bearing
on the presidential question."
The truth is presented in a most striking light in
the foregoing remarks of that illustrious statesman,
[Mr. Calhoun;] and he proves most clearly that the
imperious necessity exists of extingwishingthe fed-
eral title to the lands in the new States in a fair and
equitable manner. Not being wedded to any par-
ticular plan, with mV, graduation, cession, or grants
and donations to actual settlers, would either be ac-
ceptable; but that something must be done, and that
quickly, is as evident as the shining of the sun at
noonday. On this subject there is but One opinion
in the new States. They now constitute one-third
of the pe&ple of this nation. Whig and democrat,
forgetting former differences, will unite like brothers
in one common cause on this great question. Y©u
may defeat us now, but the war will be renewed
from year to year; new armies will constantly be
coming to our aid. "The sceptre is last departing"
from the East; the march of empire is westward.
A few years moie, and the weight of population
will be west of the mountains. The God of the
universe has decreed it, and it is vain and nugatory
for impotent man to resist.
With a seeming kind and patronising air, we are
told by the honorable gentleman that this bill would
not redound to the benefit of the people of the new
States and Territories. The answer to that assump-
tion is this: that these States and Territories have,
through their, legislatures, memorialized Congress in
favor of the provisions of this bill. The case stands
thus: the people of eight States and three Territo-
ries think one way on this question; and the two
honorable gentlemen from Vermont and Ohio think
a different way; and it is a grave question for the
House to determine as to which side is most likely
to be right.
The honorable gentlemen contend that these lands
should not be reduced in price, because they are
worth, and will ultimately command, 25 per acre.
By the joint aid of specific duties, and a horizontal
tariff, they levy the same price on each acre of land;
whether rich or poor, arable or sterile, swamp or
plain, upland or lowland, mountain or valley, prai-
reor woodland, all kinds are grouped together and
sold, or rather offered to be sold, at one inexorable
price. Suppose that the honorable gentlemen should
collect together, indiscriminately, one hundred horses,
large and small, old and young, halt and blind,
sound and unsound: would they have the folly to
ask purchasers the same price for a good or a bad
horse? Surely not.
There is quite as much difference in the quality
and relative value of different tracts of land as there
is in the quality and value of different horses; and
like discrimination should be made m the sale of
each.
Why, sir, theic is "the grand premie," extending
from Lake Michigan to the Rocky mountains, with
skirts of timber at intervals, a large portion of which
could not be sold at the present price in the life
time of the gentlemen, if they should live to the
good old age of Methusaleh.
Unless the government shall grant head rights,
settlement rights, or donations of some kind, these
piaines, with their gorgeousgrowth of flowers, their
green carpeting, their lovely lawns and gentle
slopes, will for centuries continue to be the home of
the "wild deer and wolf:'" their stillness will be
undisturbed by the jocund song of the farmer, and
their deep and fertile soil unbroken by his plough-
shsre. Something must be done to remedy this
evil. It is idle and senseless to continue at the pres-
ent price such a wide expanse of unmitigated
prairie.
It will be kept in mind that the new States,- un-
like the old, pay tribute to the federal government
for their lands; and that the federal land offices are
a sort of conduit pipe that convey the bulk of the
money from the new States to the national treas-
ury.
It cannot have escaped the attention of this House, '
that the money collected from the new States, wheth
er by the oppressive tariff of 1842 or by the present
land system, either of which is a spesies pf robbery
authorized by law, is mainly expended in the old
States and in this District. Many of the idle and
profligate officers of the army and navy, who a e
migratory in their habits, and do little else than
wander from one fashionable and expensive' hotel
to another, as the loafing spendthrifts of the money
of the government, are paid in part out of the hard
earnings of labor in the new States.
We do not receive any supplies, any bounties
or bonuses from the general government to supply
this exhaustion. This is the great secret of the un
paralleled scarcity of money beyond the mountains;
•and our people will be beggared by this system un-
til they have the strength and the nerve to crush it.
The money derived from the .sales of lands in the
old States did not pass into the national treasury.
Take, for instance, the State of Maryland, settled
under the auspices of Lord Baltimore; or Pennsyl-
vania, which was originally granted to Wm. Penn;
or any of the other States, (some of which were set-
tled by the Dutch, some by Swedish, and others by
English companies;) and you will And that they
never paid the general government a copper for
their lands, aad therefore never had to endure like
hardships with the new States.
Regarding the policy of the older States in disposing
of the land within their limits, as lamps of light to
guide Congress on this subject, let ue see what has
been their policy. Kentucky and Tennessee sold their
land at 12| cents per acre; Maine, New York, and
Massachusetts disposed of theirs at low prices—the
law of Maine in 1824, reduced them to 30 cents;
North Carolina sold hers from 5 to 10 cenLs; and
Georgia gave hers without price to her people. She
established a lottery, and presented a ticket to each
one of her citizens, who came within the rule pre-
scribed, and then left it to the "fates" to determine
between them.
Notwithstanding such has been the policy of other
States, yet we are told that the good old policy ot
donations to actual settlers, pursued more or less by
alf governments, whether free or despotic, is to be
abandoned in the new States, and that one uniform,
horizontal, unvarying price is to be demanded for all
lands, whether fen, bog, marsh, prairie, or fertile
plain.
The honorable gentlemen who have spoken against
this bill, proceed on the ground that they know
better than the people of the new States themselves,
what is their true interest.
On all questions depending upon book-learned
skill, as profound jurists and statesmen, I should
have the utmost confidence in the opinions of the
honorable gentlemen. But, sir, upon this question the
opinion of one shrewd, enterprising backwoods hun-
ter, who has seen the red man in his native forest, and
has slept with him in kis wigwam; who has met
him face to face in peace and in war; who has said
to the most daring warrior, in a spirit of bold defi-
ance—
"My pass in. danger tried,
Hangs in my belt and by my side;''
and who has afterwardsj smoked the pipe of peace
with him around his own council fires:—yes, sir,
the opinion of one such man, who has lived in half-
faced camps and real—not mock—log cabins,
through the rigor of winter, and who has subsisted
upon wild game, the deer, the elk, and the buffalo,
is worth more than the vague notions of a hundred
book-worms, speculating theorists, or members of
Congress.
Mony years ago, almost "solitary and alone,"
this ball was put in motion, by its illustrious author,
in the other end of the Capitol; and it requires nei-
ther a prophet nor the son of a prophet to foresee
that it will be pressed, in one form or another, until
the federal title is extinguished to lands lying within
the limits of the new States. The voice of the
people -will be heard, from the interminable prairie,
the everglades, the mountain pass, and the shores of
the Pacific, crying aloud for some measure of this
sort. Upon wie great question of the right of emi*
n#nt domain, and of th§ total extinction of the fed*
