CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
6t
not bave been meant in th<j sense he had first
regtd it. Like his celebrated "fourth of July," it
meant, so that gentleman informed us, "some other
fourth of July." Prom what the gentleman from
Pennsylvania had just hinted, Mr. Webster's "ob-
solete idea55 _ meant "some other obsolete idea."
Another national bank seems to be wanted. To
sustain this position; he has gone into a post mortem
examination of the foul carcass - of the old bank—
the illustrious predecessor of that whicli he would
have us follow,
He would show that it received its death cold by
assuming the mantle of the charter which it pur-
chased atgieat cost from the State of Pennsylvania.
But the people were in possessioii of better author-
ity in relation to the causes of its decease, that that
given by the honorable gentleman from Pennsyl-
vania; and Mr. C. said this with proper respect
to him. The authority was no less than Mr. Bid-
die, when living in th« fullness of his money
pdwer—-regarded,'by those whose capital was bor-
rowed, and whose hopes and aspirations were based
on anticipated discounts, as the great financier—*
the very cornucopia of federalism—the deity of their
worship—one who, at the time, said to'the com-
mercial world "let there be light," and there was
light* "let darkness overshadow the land," and
gloom and blackness followed. This authority
Mr. C. would give. In his celebrated letter to
the honorable gentleman from Massachusetts [Mr.
Adams] which doubtless contained his real senti-
ments, he emphatically proclaims "that he loved
his country most when worst governed," for the
reason, Mr. C. supposed, that he and his friends could
could rob it more. Mr. Biddle stated in those
celebrated effusions that, under the charter obtained
from the State of Pennsylvania, the bank co dd be
more effectually managed—would be stronger and
safer—it was not restricted by the impertinent in-
terference of the general government—was released
from the trouble of keeping and disbursing the pub-
lic moneys; and he might have added, from using
them for electioneering purposes. Mr. C. said he
did not desire to detain the House, but lie could not
refrain from alluding to some remarks made by the
honorable gentleman from Indians, [Mr. Smith.]
He has informed us that the four winds of heaven
had rested upon the democratic party in 1840, and
that it was destroyed. He (Mr. C.) did not pretend
to be so well versed in biblical lore as were his whig
friends. But if his recollection served him, this
metaphor was to be found in the book of Job, and
had reference to the destj uction of the house in
which Job's sons and daughters were feasting when
the building was overthrown, and its inmates destroy-
ed by the power of Satan. A most apt illustration—a
most capital parallel. The inference to be drawn is,
that Croa, for wise purposes, placed the democracy in
the power of Satan for a-time, to test its purity; and,
like Job, it was stripped by the arch destroyer of
all but its integrity. Satan did reign for a brief pe-
riod. But the day of deliverance did come. What
was taken from us has been restored, and the arch
enemy is toothless and impotent.
The committee then rose and reported the bill to
the House.
Mr. WELLER moved that the House adjourn.
Mr. DROMGOOLE called for the yeas and
nays; which being ordered, Mr. "YVeli.er withdrew
the motion. '
Mr. HOGrE moved the previous question; which
being seconded, and the main question ordered,
The first question being m concurring in the
amendments made in Committee of the Whole, was
put and carried.
The question was next on the engrossment of the
bill for a third reading.
Mr. ADAMS desired to renew his motion to
strike out the first section of the bill.
The SPEAKER decided that that motion was
not in order at this timej the previous question be-
ing pending.
Mr. ADAMS then moved to recommit the bill,
with instructions.
The SPEAKER said that motion also was out of
order.
Mr. MILTON BROWN called for the yeas and
nays on the question of engrossment, and they were
ordered, and resulted—yeas 129, nays 69, as follows:
YKAS—Messrs. Anderson, Arrington, Belser, Benton,
Bidlack, Edward J. Black, James Black, Blackwell, Bower,
Bowliiu Boyd, BtinkerhotT, Broithead, Aaron V". Brown,
W. J. Brown, Burke, Burt, Caldwell, Campbell. Carpenter,
Jeremiah K. Gary, Shepherd Cary, Reuben Chapman, Au-
gustus A. Chapman. Choton, Cobb, Coles, Cross, Cullom,
Xfrwlt Richard D< Dam John Vfh Dftvif, Dawson, P^u,
Dillingham, Douglass, Dro;mgoole, Dunlap, Ellis, Farlee,
Ficklm, Foster, French, Fuller, Byram Green, Hale, Han-
nibal I-famlm, Hammett, Haralson, Hays, Henley, Herrick,
Hoge, Hopkins, Houston, Hubard, Hubhell, Hughes, Hun-
gerford, James B. Hunt, Charles,J. Ingersoll, Jameson,
Cave Johnson, Andrew Johnson, George "W. Jones, An-
drew Kennedy, Preston King, Labranche, Leonard, Lucas,
Lumpkin, Lyon, McCauslen, Maclay, McClelland, McCler-
nand, McConnell, McDowell, McKay", Mathews, Joseph
Morris, Isaac E. Morse, Murphy, Owen, Parmenter. Payne,
Pfcttit, Emeiy D. Potter, Purdy, Kathbun, David S. lieid;
Reding, Relfe, Hitter, Roberts, Robinson, Russell, St. John,
Thomas H. Seymour, David L. 'Seymour, Simons, Simp-
son, Slidell, John T Smith, Thomas Smith, Robert "Smith,
Steeurod, Stetson. John Stewart, Stiles, James -W. Stone,
Alfred P. Stone, Strong, Syk.es, Taylor, Thompson,- Tib-"
batts, Tucker, "Weller, Wentworth, Wheaton," Benjamin
White, Williams, Woodward, and Joseph A* Wright—129.
NAYS—Messrs. Abbot, Adams, Ashe, Baker, fiarringer,
Barnard, Brengle, M. Brown, Buffington, Causin, Chap-
peli, Chilton, Clinch, Clmgman, Collamer, Cranston, Dar-
ragh, Garrett Davis., Debeny. Fish, Florence, Foot, Gid-
dings, Goggin, Grhmell, Grider, Edward S. Hamlin, Hart
din, Harper, Hudson, Washington Hunt, Joseph R Inger-
soll; Irvin, Jenks, John P. Kennedy, Daniel P. King, Mcll-
vaine, Edward J. Morris, Freeman H. Mor«e, Moseley,
Patterson, Peyton, Pollock, Preston, Ramsay, Rayner, C. M.
Reed, Rockwell,-Rodney, Rogers, Sample, Schenck, Set-
ter, Severance, Albert Smith, Caleb B. Smith, Stephens,
Andrew Stewart, Summers, Thomasson, Tilden, Tyler,
Vance, Vanmeter, Vinton, Wethered, John "White, "Win-
throp, and William Wright—G9.
The next question was on the third reading of the
hill.
Mr. BOYD moved the previous question, which
was sustained By the House.
Mr. CLINGMAN called for the yeas and nays
on the third reading, and they were ordered, and re-
sulted—yeas 123, nays 68, as follows:
Y&AS—Messrs. Anderson, Arrington, Bayly, Belser, Ben-
ton, BidJack, Edward' J. Biack, James Black, James A.
Black, Blackwell, Bower, Bowlin, Boyd, Brinkerhcff,
Brodhead, Aaron V. Brown, William J. Brown, Burke, Buit,
Caldwell, Campbell, Carpenter, Jeremiah E. Cary, Reuben
Chapman, Augustus A. Chapman, Chnton, Cobb, Coles,
Cross, Cullom, Daniel, Richard D Davis, John W. Davis,
Dawson, Dean, Dillingham, Douglass, Drorngoole, Ellis,
Failee, Ficklm, Foster, French, Fuller, Hafe, Hannibal
Hamlin, Hannnett. Haralson, Hays, Henley, Hernclt,
Holmes, Hoge, Hopkins, Houston, Hubard, Hubbeil,
Hughes, J. B. Hunt, C. J ingersoll, Jameson, Cave Johnson,
A. Johnson, George W. Jones, Andrew Kennedy, Preston
King, Labranche, Leonard, .Lucas, Lumpkin, McCauslen,
Alacisiy, McClelland, McC'Jernand, McConnell, McDowell,
McKay, Mathews, Joseph Monis, Isaac E. Morse, Murphy,
Owen. Parmenter, Payne, Pettit, Emeiy D. Potter. Purdy,
llathbun, David S. Reid, Reding, Rclle, Rilter, Robert's,
Robinson, Russell, St. John, Thomas H. Seymour, David
L Seymour, Simons, Simpson, Slidell, John T. Smith,
Thomas Siniih. Robert Smith, Steenrod, Stetson, John
Stewart, Stiles, James W. Stone, Alfred P.Stone, Strong,
Sykes, Taylor, Thompson, Tibbatts, Tucker, Weller,
Wentworth, "Wheaton, Benjamin Whie, Williams, Wood-
ward, and Joseph A. Wright—l->3.
NAYS—Messrs. Abbot. Adams, Ashe, Baker, Barringer,
Barnard, Brenglo, Milton Brown, Buflington, Causin,
Chappell, Chilton, Clinch, Chngman, Collamei, Cranston,
Garrett Da\is, Deberry, Fish, Florence, Foot. Giddings,
Goggin, (irinneli, Grider, Edward S. Hamlin, Hardin,
Harper, Hudson, Washington Hunt, Joseph R. fngersoll,
Trvni, Jenks, John P. Kennedy, DanielP lung, Mollvaine,
Edward Joy Morris, Freeman H. Morse, Moseley, Paterson,
Peyton, Pollock, Preston, Ramsey, Rayaei, Charles M.
Reed, Rockwell. Rodney, Rogers, Sample, Schcnck, Sin-
ter, Severance, Albert Smith, Caleb B. Smith, Stephens,
Andrew Stewart, Summers, Thomasson, Tilden, Tyler,
Vance, Vanmeter, Vinton, "Wethered, John White, "Win-
throp, and William Wright—68.
Mr. HOPKINS, who was successful above many
competitors for the floor, moved to reconsider the
vote on the passage of the bill; and on this moved
•t&e previous question.
The demand for the previous question was sec-
onded; the main question was ordered; and being
taken, "was decided in the negative without a
division.
So the House refused to reconsider the vote; and
the bill is finally passed.
OREGON.
Mr. A. V. BROWN (chairman of the Committee
on Territories) asked leave to report a bill to or-
ganize a territorial government in Oregon.
The SPEAKER said it was not in order, unless
by the general consent of the House.
Objections were made.
Mr. BROWN moved to suspend the rules for
this purpose.
Pending which question,
Ou motion, the House adjoqrned.
The following notices of petitions presented to
day, were handed to the reporters by the members
presenting them:
By Mr. ROCKWELL; The petition of 1? citizens of
Worthington, Massachusetts, against the annexation ot
Texas.
By Mr. PAVN"E: The petition of Was-sa-gee. a Choctaw
Indian- praying for relief m coim^utmoe of the commission-
er under the Choctaw treaty not allowing him bitf 'reserva-
tion.
By Mr. J. "W. DAVIS: The petition of Hickman Broner
and 32 others, asking a post route from Mount Pleasant, by
Harrisonville, Edmonson's, and Mosier's, to Springfield, Indi-
ana. The petition of Gideon Walker, praying compensation
foi services rendered the United States as an enlisted soldiey
from the year 179? to 1795.
By Mr. I. E. MORSE: The petition of Alexandre Hebert and
others, praying that the said A. Hebert may be allowed to
bring into the United States a certain family of negroes-,
taken into Texas by his ancestor, aged 90 years, which ne-
groes have left a large of friends and relation* in the State
of Louisiana: referied t© the Committee of Ways and
Means.
By Mr. HERRICK: The petition of Daniel H. Werner, of
the State of Maine, for a pension for injuries received during
the late war with England: referred to the Committee on
invalid Pensions.
, By Mr. CROSS: The petition of J- F. Gaines and others,
members of the legislature of Arkansas, praying the estab-
lishment of apost route from Joseph Tomhnson's,;-on the
route from Washington, Hempstead county, to Booneville,
via Black Jack and v ache Grass, to Fort Smith. The petition
of John M. Ross and others, for a route from Clarksville, in
Johnson city, via Piney Post Office and Jasper county%.couit
house, to Cariollton: referred to the Committee on the Post
Ofllce and Post Roads.
By Mr. J T. SMITH: The petition of citizens of Pennsyl-
vania, praying for''such change in the constitution as will
appropriate the public lands of the nation, or other suitable
funds, for the purpose of abolishing slavery within the Uni-
ted States, and the compensation of those who may relin-
quish their slaves.*
IN SENATE.
Monday, December 23, 1844. -
Mr. BAGBY asked and obtained leave to with'
draw from the files of the Senate the petition and
papers in the case of Anstel and Rhodes, and to
refer them to the Committee on Post Offices and
Post Roads.
Mr. CLAYTON asked and obtained leave to
withdraw from the files of the Senate the petition
and papers in the case of David Brooks, for a com-
mutation of 5 years pay.
A message was received from the President of the
United States, and also several secret messages, in
writing.
Mr. BREESE asked and obtained leave to with-
draw the papers in the case of Martin Rhenaud,
and moved that the Committee on Revolutionary
Claims be discharged from the consideration of the
same. The committee was discharged accord-
ingly.
Mr. FAIRFIELD presented the petitions of Rob-
ert Ramsay, senior, and of Mary Carleton, asking
for a pension: they were referred to the Committee
on Pensions.
Here the open message just received from the
President of the United States, in answer to the
resolution of the Senate of the 12th inst., calling for
copies of the latest correspondence with Mr. King,
minister of the United States at the court of France,
touching the annexation of Texas, was read. It
merely transmitted to the Senate the following cor-
respondence:
To the President of the United Slates:
The Seuetarv of State has received from the President
the resolution of the Senate of the 12th instant, requesting
him "to communicate to the Senate, if not incompatible
with the public interest, copies of all the correspondence
not heietoforo transmitted to the Senate, which may have
taken place between the Department of State and the
present minister of the United States to trance, and "be-
tween that minister and the government of France, relating
to the proposed annexation of Texas to the United States;"
and, in answer thereto, has the honor to tiansmit herewith
extracts from the instructions of this department to Mr.
King, dattd April 23, 1844, and from a despatch dated the
•26th of August, 1844. These inclsde all the instructions
given to Mr. King in relation to the subject referred to jn
the resolution. The mam object of his mission -was to
strengthen and confirm those friendly relations which have
so long subsisted between the two countiies; and, in the
fulfiment of this purpose, it was left to his discretion—as be
was, from his position in the government, fully acquainted
with the poposed measure of annexation in all its bear-
ings—to adopt such course as might seem to him best cal-
culated to pievent any misunderstanding in regard to so im
portant a subject. His correspondence with the department
in reference, to it being a narrative of informal conversa-
tions, could not, consistently with usage or propriety, be
mai'e public. The only material part of this correspond-
ence having relation to Texas is embraced substantially in
the despatch from this department to Mr. King, dated." the
l'ith day of August last, (already published,) and hi the ex-
tracts from the despatch of August 26,1S44, herewith com-
municated.
Respectfully submitted,
J. C. VALHOVN.
DlPARTiHENT OF Sr.VTE,
"Washington, December 19,1844.
Mr. Calhoun to Mr- King.— Extiacts.
• Department Of STATU,
"~v Washington, April 23,1844,
Sir; Having received your letter of the 14th Instant, noti«
tying your acceptance of the appointment tendered
