congressional globs
87
Mr. JOHNSON offered the following resolution;
■which was considered and adopted:
Resolved, That the Committee on Commerce be instructed
to inquire into the expediency of making an appropriation
to complete the marine hospital in the city of New Orleans,
and into the expediehcy of an appropriation to improve the
harfcor at Port Ponchartrain, in the State of Louisiana.
Mr; BREESE offered the following resolution;
itfhich was considered and agreed to:
Resolved That the Committee on the Post Office and Post
jROads he directed to inquire into the. expediency of estab-
lishing 4 post route from Carlyle, by Hanover, in Clinton
county, to Belleville,, by Mascoutah, in St. .Clair county, in
the State o£ Illinois.
Mr. "WOODBURY offered the following resolu-
tion; which was considered and adopted:
Resolved, That the further sum of sixty-five dollars be
paid from the contingent fund of the Senate, being one-half
of the amount supposed to be necessary to complete the
payment of the expenses attending the funeral of those
persons who were killed on board the Princeton steamship:
-provided that the Secretary of the Senate,'after a careful
scrutiny, be satisfied that so much is due.
Mr. W. explained that, when the order was
made last session to pay these funeral expenses, the
whole amount was not known; but having been
since ascertained by the committee to which the
subject had been referred, it was found necessary to
• provide for the discharge of the balance due of $65;
which was the object of this resolution,
The adverse report in the case of Henry H. Wil-
liams was next taken up and confirmed.
The engrossed bill authorizing the Secretary of
the Treasury to compromise with the sureties of
Samuel Swartwout, was read a third time and
passed.
The bill for the relief of the heirs of Henry Ree-
side coming up next in order, it was, on motion of
Mr. STURGEON, in the absence of his colleague,
postponed till Monday next.
On motion of Mr. WHITE, it was agreed that
when the Senate adjourn it be to Monday next.
On motion by Mr. WOODBURY, the preijjous
orders were postponed, and the bill for the relief of
William Rich was taken up, considered, amended,
and ordered to be engrossed and read a third time.
The Senate bill for the relief of Miles King and
his assigns, being next in order on the calendar,
was taken up for consideration as in committee of
the whole.
Mr. WOODBURY called for information on the
subject.
Mr. BERRIEN said the subject was up last
session, and was duly investigated. The object of
the bill was to have a disputed account adjusted
and settled between the United States and the claim-
ant. The United States had brought suit against
him for an alleged balance; and, on coming to tri-
al in one of the courts of Virginia, the attorney gen-
eral consented to an arbitration, the award of which
wets, that instead of the claimant owing any thing,
the United States was indebted to him. The object
of this bill was to refer the whole case to one of the
auditors of the government, under the directions
of the Attorney General, for examination and ad-
justment.
Mr. HAYWOOD protested strongly against this
mode of establishing claims heretofore disputed and
rejected by the proper departments of the govern-
ment. Undea the general laws the departments
are bound to examine and settle all accounts relating
to their respective departments; and the claimant
could have no difficulty in getting his account set-
tled and paid, if any thing was really due to him.
Mr. BERRIEN explained that the bill did not as-
sume that anything was due. it only referred the
matter to the auditor for investigation and adjust-
ment.
Mr. HAYWOOD objected, that the very reference
of the award of arbitration was in effect a direction
to its consideration as a guide for the adjustment.
If nothing but a fair settlement of the accounts was
required, what necessity was there for this bill, as
the claimant could have the same adjustment of his
accounts under the general law by a reference to the
auditor?
Mr. NILES objected to this new practice of es-
tablishing unfounded claims against the government;
and opposed the bill on the same grounds urged by
the senator from North Carolina.
Mr. ARCHER remarked that would prefer a
postponement of the case, as lie wished to look
into it. He moved its postponement to Monday
next.
The further consideration of the bill was accord-
ingly postponed to Monday.
On motion-by Mr. EVANS, the joint resolution
of last session in favor of David Shaw, was taken
up, considered, and ordered to be engrossed, and
read a third time.
On motion of Mr. HUNTINGTON, the report
of the coast survey communicated by the Secretary
of the Treasury was ordered to be printed for the
use of the Senate, and 300 additional copies for the
use of the department.
The bill for the relief of William Russell was
taken up, considered, amended, and ordered to be
engrossed and read a third time.
The Senate bill granting alternate.sections of the
public lands to the State of Indiana, for aiding it in
the extension of the Wabash and Erie canal from
Terrehaute to Evansville, on the Ohio river, was
taken up, considered, and ordered to be engrossed
and read a third time.
The Senate bill for the relief of Asa Andrews
next coming up, it was objected to, on the same
grounds as those which had been maintained against
the bill for the relief of 'King. So the bill was
postponed till Monday.
The Senate hill reported by the Committee on
Public Lands, authorizing the State of Illinois to
tax lands sold by the government, from the day of
sale, was taken up; but—
Mr. JOHNSON remarked that he thought all the
new States were entitled to the same rule; and, for
the sake of gaining time to consider the matter, he
moved to lay the bill on the table till Monday.
The bill was ordered to be laid on the table till
Monday, accordingly.
Mr. BARROW offered the following resolution;
which was considered and adopted:
Resolved, That the Committee on the Judiciary, to whom
was referred certain resolutions in relation to the expedien-
cy of amending the naturalization laws, with power to send
for persons and papers, be also authorized to take testimony
by commission in relation to the several matters embraced
in those resolutions.
On motion of Mr. FAIRFIELD, the vote adopt-
ing the resolution submitted by him some days since,
requiring the Secretary of the Senate to Collect the
plates of engravings made for the public documents
was reconsidered, and the resolution was laid on
the table.
On motion of Mr. EVANS, the Senate adjourned.
HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES.
Thursday, December 26,1844.
Mr. HUNGERFORD moved the reconsidera-
tion of the vote on Monday, ordering to a third
reading the bill in relation to the pay and mileage
of members of Congress; and moved to postpone the
consideration of that motion till the 3d of January;
which motion was agreed to.
Mr. HAMMETT presented the petition of Wm.
Couch; which was referred to the Committee on
Revolutionary Pensions.
On motion of Mr. MORSE, leave was granted
to John Farnham to withdraw his petition and pa-
pers.
WABASH AND ERIE CANAL LANDS.
Mr. JOSEPH A. WRIGHT gave notice that he
would to-morrow, or some subsequent day, ask
leave to introduce a bill to amend an act appropria-
ting certain lands to the State of Indiana, for the
completion of the Wabash and Erie canal, and for
other purposes.
Mr. ADAMS, on leave, introduced a bill for the
relief of John Holmes, and the legal representatives
of the crew of the schooner Industry: read twice,
and referred.
Mr. HOUSTON moved the reconsideration of the
vote on the adoption of the resolution granting reave
of absence to one of the clerks of the House, and
authorizing the Clerk to employ a substitute.
The reconsideration being ordered, and the ques-
tion recurring on the resolution,
A discussion took place, in which Messrs.
HALE, BIDLA.CK, HOUSTON, BOWER, C.
JOHNSON, JAMESON, and STONE participated.
Mr. C. JOHNSON moved to strike out that
clause of the resolution which authorized the Clerk
to employ a substitute in the place of Mr. Lusk.
Mr. HOPKINS moved the previous question,
and it was sustained by the House.
The question then recurred on the adoption of the
ament; on which a quorum did not vote.
Tellers were called for, and Messrs. Bidlack and
Thomasson were appointed; and they reported 35
in the affirmative, and 70 in the negative. Still no
quorum voting.
Mr. REDING moved that when this House ad-
journ it adjourn to meet again on Monday next.
The yeas and nays were called for and ordered,
and resulted thus—yeas 28, nays 111.
So the motion was not agreed to.
A motion was made to adjourn; on which the
yeas' and nays being ordered, it was withdrawn.
Mr. HOLMES remarked that, as the House now
manifested a disposition to proceed to business, he
would suggest to them that there was a bill 
The SPEAKER observed that the pending ques-
tion was on the motion of amendment by Mr. Cave
Johnson to the resolution which had been under
consideration. "
The question was then taken, and the said amend-
ment was rejected.
The question recurring on the adoption of the
original resolution—
Mr. CAVE JOHNSON asked the yeas and nays;
which were not ordered.
The resolution was then adopted.
ANNEXATION OF TEXAS.
Mr. BELSER inquired of the Speaker what was
the order of the day.
The SPEAKER replied, the call of the Territo-
ries for resolutions. '
Mr. BELSER moved to suspend the rules, and
that the House resolve itself into Committee of the
Whole on the state of the Union; giving notice that,
if this motion should succeed, he should move to
take up the subject of the annexation of Texas.
The SPEAKER decided that this motion to sus-
pend the rules was not in order, the rules having al-
ready been suspended for the reception of resolu-
tions.
Mr. J. R. INGERSOLL suggested that one or
two executive communications which "were on the
Speaker's table be read before the House.
The SPEAKER said it could not be done, except
by the general consent of the House.
Mr. RATHBUN objected, and called for the reg-
ular order of business.
The call of the States and Territories for resolu-
tions was then resumed, csmmeacing with the Ter-
ritory of Florida.
Mr. LEVY offered the following resolution; which
was agreed to:
Resolved, That the Committee of Ways and Means be di-
rected to inquire into the propriety of making an appropria-
tion for the payment of arrearages due for legislative and
executive expenditures in the several Territories.
Mr. HENRY DODGE gave notice that he would
to-morrow, or some subsequent day, ask leave to
introduce a bill for the erection of a light-house at
Southport, in the Territory of Wisconsin.
Also, a bill for the payment of certain arrearages
equitably due to the Stockbridge nation of Indians,
and for other purposes.
Mr. H. DODGE offered the following, which was
agreed to:
Resolved, That the Secretary of War be directed to in-
quire into the expediency of making a survey for a road
from Green Bay, in the Territory of Wisconsin, to Copper
Harbor, in the State of Michigan.
Mr. A. C. DODGE offered the following resolu-
tion:
Resolved, That the Committee on Engraving be, and it is
hereby, directed to furnish, for the use of this House, 1,500
copies of the map, and report in reference to the same, of
the country west of the Mississippi, made by J. N. Nicolett,
esq., under the direction of the chief of the corps of topo-
graphical engineers, and published by the Senate at the
present session.
Mr. C. JOHNSON moved to amend the resolu-
tion, so as to make it instruct the Committee on
Engraving to inquire into the expediency of print-
ing the maps,&c..
Mi. A. C. DODGE said he hoped it would be
the pleasure of the House^ to adopt the res-
olution in the shape in which he had offered
it. He had no objection to the. amendment of the
gentleman from Tennessee, but the delay which
might result from its adoption. The map and re-
port related to the region from whence Mr. Dodge
came; and as the Territory of Iowa was knocking
at the door for admission into the federal Union,
the question of her boundaries was one of much
consequence, as was the procurement of accurate
information touching the whole of that most inter-
esting section of country.
Mr. D. said the report and accompanying map,
made by Mr. Nicolett, of the region of the upper
Mississippi, would be found the most accurate,
scientific, interesting, and instructive, ever made in
this country. It was prepared under the direction
of Congress, an4 the supervision of the War De~
