68
CONGRESSIONAL GLOSS.
partment. It commences at the city of St. Louis as
its southeastern point of departure, and terminates
at our northern boundary, east of the Rocky moun-
tains, extending frorn the ,39th to the 49th parallel of
lidrth, latitude, arid from 90 to J 00 of longitude west
of Greenwich; embracing the country- from Lake
Superior on the east to the great western bend of the
Missouri on the west, and the entire basin of the
Upper Mississippi, including a region more exten-
sive than several of the largest States of the Union.
Mr: Nicolett's survey embraces 245 geographical
positions, deduced from more than'ten thousand as-
tronomical observations.
Mr. D. said that in anticipation of opposition to
lis motion he had gone to one of the assistant secre-
taries of the Senate to obtain, and he had gotten ac-
curate informotion, respecting the cost of the publi-
cation. The paper upon which could be printed
1,500 oopies of Nicolett's map, would cost but forty-
nine dollars. The printing and engraving of that
number of copies of the map would cost but two
hundred and tqn dollars; making in all but two
hundred and fifty-nine dollars. Mr. D. trusted that
the House would adopt his resolution.
The question was then taken, and the amendment
of Mr. Johnson was adopted.
The resolution, as amended, was then agreed to.
Mr. DODGE, on leave, also offered the two fol-
lowing resolutions, which were agreed to:
Rttolved, That the Committee of Ways and Means be in-
structed to inquire into the expediency ef applying so much
of the appropriation, made at the last session of Congress, to
defray the legislative expenses of the Territory of Io.wa,
"and the arrearages of previous sessions,'' as'may be unex-
pended, alter the liquidation of said arrearages, to the pay-
ment of the expe*ses of a convention, for the formation of a
State constitution held in said Territory, in the month of Oc-
tober last. And that they report by bill or otherwise.
Resolved, That the Secretary of War be directed to com-
municate to this House the report of Captain T. J. Cram, of
the survey of the h^gbor at the town of Dubuque, in the
Territory of Iowa. Alao, the report of Captain Barney, the
citizen engineer, having charge of the construction and im-
provement of certain roads in the same Territory.
Mr. TIBBATTS gave notice that he would to-
rmorrow, or some subsequent day, move for leave
to introduce a bill further to amend an act entitled
"An act to regulate arrests on mesne process in the
District of Columbia," approved August first, eigh-
teen hundred and forty-two.
BETTIN8 ON ELECTIONS.
Mr. BRODHEAD offered the following resolu-
tion:
Resolved, That the Committee of Elections be instructod
to inquire into the expediency of more effectually provi-
ding bv law against betting on presidential and congress-
ional elections.
Mr. HAMLIN asked the yeas and nays on the
adoption of the resolution.
Mr. PETTIT objected; and proposing to debate
the resolution, it lies over.
Mr. ADAMS moved for the call of the States for
petitions in order.
Mr. RATHBUN asked and obtained leave to of-
fer a resolution directing an inquiry by the Commit-
tee on Commerce into the expediency of making an
appropriation for improving the harbor of Little
Sodus Bay, in New York. The resolution was
agreed to.
lOUISVILLE AND PORTLAND CANAL.
Mr. DUNLAP reported from the Committee on
Commerce the following resolution:
Resolved, That the Secretary of the Treasury be request-
ed to communicate to this House his opinion as to the pro-
priety of the purchase by the United States of the residue of
the stock held by individual stockholders in the Louisville
and Portland Canal Company, with the view to the making
the navigation of said canal free from toll; and also the
terms on which, in the opinion of the said secretary, the
said purchase can be made, and the probable amount of
money which will be required to effect the same.
Mr. ADAMS remarked that this resolution called
on the Secretary of the Treasury for an opinion—an
opinion on the matter of money of the treasury of
the United States. He would rather that this
House would make its opinion for itself, most espe-
cially as it related to the Portland canal; and the
Secretary of the Treasury was the person whose
opinion was called for.
The question wa3 taken, and the resolution was
J?©J6Ct©(3 >
Mr. THOMASSON moved to reconsider this
vote, and wished the motion entered on the journal,
as he did not care to press it now.
The SPEAKER replied that if the motion was
made, the House would be obliged to act upon it
no\r,
The question was taken, and the House refused
to reconsider the vote.
So the resolution is finally rejected.
ANNEXATION OF TEXAS.
Mr. BELSER renewed his motion to suspend
the rules, to go into Committee of the Whole on
the state of the Union, on the subject of the annexa-
tion ofTexas.
Mr. C. J. INGERSOLL. Does it require a sus-
pension of the rules under the notice that I gave of
this motion?
The SPEAKER replied in the affirmative; but
that a majority were able to suspend the rules to go
into committee.
Mr. BELSER asked the yeas and nays on the
motion; which were refused by the House.
Tellers were then asked for and refused by the
House.
Mr. C. J. INGERSOLL inquired if it was now
in order to cali for the yeas and nays.
The SPEAKER replied that it was not, as they
had been asked and refused.
Mr. C. J. INGERSOLL said he had simply
made the inquiry, as he should like to know the de-
teamination of the House on the subject.
The question was then taken and decided in the
negative—ayes 39, noes 81.
So the House refused to go into Committee of the
Whole on the state of the Union.
HEMP.
Mr. FRENCH asked leave to offer a resolution
instructing the Committee on Naval Affairs to in-
quire into expediency of supplying the navy of the
United States with all the articles ofhemp necessa-
ry for the naval service of the United States, with
hemp exclusively the growth of the United
States.
Mr. HOLMES objected to the resolution, and
proposed to debate it.
Mr. FRENCH moved to suspend the rules for
its reception; and on this motion he asked for the
yeas and nays.
The yeas and nays were not ordered; and the
question being taken, the House refused to suspend
the rules.
Mr. PRATT, on leave, introduced a joint resolu-
tion in relation to the manner of approving the secu-
rities given on the bonds of public officers: read
twice, and referred to the Committee on the Judici-
ary.
Mr. HOLMES asked leave to offer a resolution
in relation to the indemnity due by Mexico to
American citizens; but, objections being made, it
was not then received.
The House then adjourned.
The following notices of petitions presented to-
day were handed to the reporters by the members
presenting them:
By Mr McDOWELL: The petition of Elisha Abbott,
praying for a pension, referred to the Committee on Invalid
Pensions.
By Mr. H. IIAMLIN: The petition of Hannah Beaton for
a pension, for services rendered by herself in the revolu-
tionary war. , ,
By Mr. TYLEP^: The petition of A. H. Barker and others,
praying for the erection of a light-house at tile mouth of
Cattaraugus creek, New York, and for the further prosecu-,
tion of tire public works at that place.
By Mr. IIUNGERFOIID: The petition of Moses E. Le vy,
for pay for property destroyed by the troops of the Unitwd
States at Micanopy, Florida.
By Mr. PARMENTER: The petition of Samuel L. Breese,
captain, and thirty others, commissioned and warrant offi-
cers on board the United States frigate Cumberland, on the
Mediterranean station, praymg that the spirit portion of the
navy ration may be abolished: referred to the Committee
on Naval Affairs
By Mr. CALDWELL: The memorial of Mrs. Ann J. Ross,
of Virginia, praying for a pension on account of the services
of her deceased husband: referred to the Committee on Rev-
olutionary Pensions.
By Mr. HAIvlMETT: The petition of McHatten & Hunam,
praying compensation for cair>ing the United States mail:
referred to the Committee on the Post Office and Post
Roads. ,
By Mr. R. SMITH: The petition ofJanette Taylor and
others, lepresentstives of John Paul Jones: referred to the
Committee on Revolutionary Pensions.
By Mr. WENT WORTH: The petition of Emily C. Tup-
per, ofchicago, Illinois, to be restored to the pension roll:
referred to the Committee on Pensions. The petition from
Benjamin Dwinell. James Wilson, and Aaron Wilson, jr,
assignnees of Clark Wilson: referred to the Committee ol
Patents.
By Mr. DODGE of Wisconsin: A memorial signed by 100
citizens of Buffalo, State of New York, asking Congress
for an appropriation foi the improvement of the navigation
of the Fox and Wisconsin rivers: referred to the Committee
on the Public Lands. The petition signed by 336 citizens
of Racine county, Territory of Wisconsin, asking Congress
for 3  appropriation for the ereetion of alight-house at the
town of Southport, on the western shore of Lake Michigan,
in said Territory: referred to the Committee on,Commerce.
The petition signed by 336 citizens of Racine county, Ter-
ritory of Wisconsin, asking Congress for an additional ap-
propriation for the construction of a harbor, already com-
menced, at the town of Southport, on the western shore of
Lake Michigan, in said Territory: referred to the Committee
on Commerce. The petition of the supervisors of Brown
county, Territory of Wisconsin, asking Congress for a do-
nation of a section of land for said county for the 'erection
of a poor-house for the benefit of the paupers of said county:
referred to the Committee on the Public Lands. The me-
morial of the legislative assembly ofthe Territoryof Wiscon-
sin, asking Congress for an appropriation for the opening of
a road from Sheboyagan, by the way of Winnebago lake,
to the Fox river; and also asking an appropriation for com-
pleting that part of the United States military road between
Green Bay and Fond du Lac: referred to the Committee on
Roads and Canals.
HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES.
Friday, December 27,1844.
The minutes of yesterday were read and ap-
proved.
ANNEXATION OF TEXAS.
Mr. HAMMETT rose to put a question to the
chairman of. the Committee on Foreign Affairs,
[Mr. C. J. Ingersoll.] He desired to know at
what time that gentleman proposed to take up for
discussion the subject of the annexation of Texas.
He (Mr. H.) looked with deep interest on the prog-
ress of that question, and also" with deep interest to
every step to be taken upon it during the present
session of Congress. There were various proposi-
tions for the annexation of Texas before the House,
and he held it to be important that there should be
an understanding among the friends and opponents
of annexation respecting the time at which it would
come up. This was important, that with the friends
of Texas there might be some concert of action.
Mr. HARDIN interposed, and inquired what the
question was that was before the House, or what the
gwtleman's intention was.
Mr. HAMMETT said he would inform the gen-
tleman in a few minutes. He desired to ask the
chairman of the Committee on Foreign Affairs at
what time he proposed to call up the question of an-
nexation. [Laughter from Mr. Hardin.] It was
due to him, (Mr. Hammett, who is a member of
the Committee on Foreign Affairs;,) as well as to
the House, that the chairman of that committee
should inform them when he intended to enter upon
that subject—for it was, of course, expected that he
would lead off on it, inasmuch as he was the
author of one of the projects before the House,
besides being the chairman of the committee to
which the various measures had been referred.
Mr. C. J. INGERSOLL replied that he had sig-
nified his intention to call up this^ question last
Monday, but there appeared to be no disposition to
do anything during the present week, and hence he
had not pressed it hitherto; but he would now give
notice that he designed calling it up on Monday
next. It was a matter of indifference to him when
it might be; he was ready to proceed at once; but he
mentioned next Monday because the attendance in
the House was thin in consequence of the absence of
members from the city.
Mr. PARMENTER inquired what was the busi-
ness in order.
The SPEAKER replied that the first question was
on those petitions and resolutions which had been
laid over.
Mr. PARMENTER remarked that there was a
bill on the calendar, entitled "a bill limiting the num-
ber of commissioned and warrant officers, and regu-
lating the complements of crews on board of vessels
of war, and for other purposes," and it was very
important that it should be acted upon during the
present session. He did not understand that there
was much difference of opinion on that bill, except
as to some of its details, and therefore he herd this to
be a very favorable opportunity to take it up and
settle its details. With that view he now moved a
sus'pension of the rules to go into Committee of the
Whole on the state of the Union.
Mr. C. J. INGERSOLL suggested that there was
another bill on the calendar of pressing importance,
which would require but a few minutes for its dis-
posal. It was "a bill to carry into effeet the conven-
tion between the Uaited States and the republic of
Peru; and he -ftould move that the rules be suspend-
ed for ten minutes for the disposal of that bill in
Committee of the Whole on the state of the Union .
The SPEAKER put the question on the suspen-
sion of the rules, and it was agreed to. ' •
The House accordingly resolved itself into"Com-
