CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
75\
wards joined the army under General Jackson, with
whom he served in the capacity of private secretary
throughout his Florida campaigns. On his return
to Tennessee he engaged in the study of law un-
der the direction of the late Mr. Grundy, of Nash-
ville, and having obtained a license to practise in that
profession, removed to the State of Alabama, where,
in a short time, he was honored with a place in her
judiciary. In the eourse of twelve ' or eighteen
wionths afterwards, a vacancy occurred in the office
of secretary of the then Territory of Arkansas, and
his former friend and patron (General Jackson) be-
ing President of the United States, appointed him
to fill the vacancy. Subsequently the same distin-
guished indvidual appointed him governor of that
Territery. And in 1836, upon her admission into
the Union as a State, he was chosen by an almost
unanimous vote as one of her senators in Congress.
In 1839 he was again elected by a like flattering
vote to the same high and honorable station. It is
no less jremakable than true, that in performing the
various and responsible duties of these several offices
and situations, running through a period of nearly
thirty years, and embracing seasons of high party
excitement, it was his rare fortune to escape the
slightest imputation upon his integrity. No higher
testimony could be afforded of his ability to be use-
ful, or of the purity of his public life. As an honest
man and patriot he may have had equals; certainly
no superior. Arkansas deeply deeply deplores the
loss she has sustained;- and no monument to perpet-
uate his memory could be more honorable than that
which he himself has reared in the affections of her
people. It was, however, in the social circle, and in
the relations of private life, that his virtues were
most conspicuous. Amiable, artless, and benevo-
lent, he never failed to acquire the esteem and re-
spect of those with whom he associated. Candor,
frankness, and honor, characterized his intercourse,
and were apparent in all his transactions.
Of his afflicted widow and bereaved children my
feelings will sarcely permit me to speak; upon them
the melancholy dispensation rests most heavily. A
husband, a father, is no more; but lost to them for-
ever. A recurrence to these endearing relations
could but deepen the poignancy of grief; and I only
add that he died as he lived—at peace with all his
race, and in the confident hope that he was at peace
with his God.
Mr. C. concluded by offering the following reso-
lution:
Resolved, That, as a testimony of respect for the memory
of the Hon. W S. Fulton, deceased, the members of this
House will wear the usual badge of mourning for thirty-
days; and that the House, as a further mark of respect for
his memory, do now adjourn.
The resolution was unanimously agreed to; and
The House adjourned till to-morrow at twelve
o'clock.
The following notices of petitions, presented to-
day, were handed to the reporters by the members
presenting them:
By Mr. ROCKWELL: The petition of Bcrnioe McKin-
stry, of Great Burrington, Massachusetts, for a pension.
By Mr. OWEN: The memorial of Henry P. Vanghan, and
, UO others; tlie memorial of John Franklin, and 233 others;
the memorial of Warner L. Scott, and 278 others; all pray-
ing a grant of lands to the State of Indiana, to aid her in com-
pleting the Wabash and Erie canal.
By Mr. HERRIGK: The petition of James "Wakefield, and
259 others, citizens of Maine and Massachusetts, for a light-
house, at the .entrance of the Kennebunk harbor, in said
State of Maine. Also, petition oi Thomas W. shannon, and
46 others, 'citizens of Saco and Biddeford, in said State of
Maine, for tlie same object.
By Mr. HOLMES: The petition of John Stroechecker and
others, for the repayment of money paid by the tire and
marine insurance company of Charleston, upon the loss of
the schoner Enterprise, detained in Bermuda, and the cargo
seized by the British authority.
By Mr. TILDF.N; The petition of B. B. Campbell, and
others, praying for the establishment ^ of a mail route from
Washington Fa., to Cleveland Ohio: referred to the Com-
mittee on the Post Office and Post Offices.
By Mr. WHEATON: The .petitions of 264 citizens of the
county of Onondaga, N. Y., asking for a reduction of post-
age, and the abolition of the franking privilege: referred to
the Committee on the Tost Office auU #est Roads.
IN SENATE.
Tuesday, December-31, 1844.
■/ Mr. CHOATE presented a memorial from citi-
zens of Northborough, Worcester county, Massa-
chusetts, remonstrating against the annexation of
Texas to the United States; which was referred to
the Committee on Foreign Relations.
Mr. BENTON presented a petition from .Pierre
Chouteau, jr., Louis Menard, and others, praying
the confirmation of their title to certain lands in the
Territory of Iowa; which was referred to the Com-
mittee on Private Land Claims.
Mr. TAPPAN presented a preamble and resolu-
tion adopted at a public meeting of citizens of Cin-
cinnati, Ohio, on the subject of the post office law;
in favor of reducing the rates of postage, and abol-
ishing the franking privilege: referred to the Com-
mittee on the Post Office and Post Roads.
Mr. UPHAM presented a petition from Abigail
Wadham, of Goshen couaty, Connecticut, praying
compensation for the revolutionary services per-
formed by her first husband, Captain Heman Allen:
referred to the Committee on Revolutionary Claims.
.. Mr. BUCHANAN presented the memorial of the
association of Friends for the promotion of the abo-
lition of slavery and improving the condition of the
people of color, protesting against the annexation of
Texas to the United States: referred to the Commit-
tee on Foreign Relations.
Mr. EVANS, from the Committee on Pensions,
reported a bill granting a pension to George Whit-
len; which was read, and ordered to a second read-
ing.
"Mr. HUNTINGTON, from the Committee on
Commerce, reported back without amendment, and
with a recommendation that they do pass, the bill
to regulate the appointment of officers in the rev-
enue marine, ana the bill to regulate the pay of
engineers and assistant engineers in the naval ser-
vice.
Mr. BATES, from the Committee on Pensions,
reported a bill for making compensation to pension
agents; which was read, and ordered to a second
reading.
On motion by Mr. JOHNSON, it was
Resolved, That the Secretary of the Treasury be instruct-
ed to report to the Senate the condition of the old custom-
house in the city of New Orleans, and the sum requir-
ed for the construction of a new custom-house in the said
city; the sum required to complete the marine hospital in
the city of New Orleans, and to improve the harbor at port
Pontchartrain in the State of Louisiana.
The joint resolution from the House, securing a
more perfect accountability of the public property,
was read twice, and referred to the Committee on
Public Buildings.
Mr. BENTON gave notice that he would to-
morrow ask leave to introduce a bill to organize a
corps of sappers, miners and pontomers.
Mr. BERRIEN submitted the following resolu-
tion; which was considered and passed, viz:
Resolved, That the Committee on the Judiciary be in-
structed to inquire into the expediency of so amending the
judicial act of 1789 as to authorize the award of the writ of
habeas corpus in cases in which it cannot issue under the
existing provisions of the said act.
Mr. BENTON presented a memorial from citi-
zens of New Madrid county, Missouri, praying
Congress to grant to the State of Indiana certain un-
sold lands in said district, for the purpose of com-
pleting the work connecting Lake Erie with the Ohio
river: referred to the Committee on Public Lands.
Mr. HUNTINGTON gave notice that he would
to-morrow ask leave to introduce a bill relating to
revenue cutters and seamen.
On motion by Mr. CRITTENDEN, it was
Resolved, That the Committee on the Library be instruct-
ed to inquire into the expediency of subscribing for, or pur-
chasing, a certain number of volumes of the writings, re-
ports, correspondence, and papers of the late Gen. Alexan-
der Hamilton, and to report thereon.
On motion by Mr. BAGBY, it was
Ordered, Thatthe petition and papers of William C. Eas
ton be taken fiom the files and referred to the Committee on
Military Aftairs
Mr. BAGBY, on leave, intfoduced a bill to amend
the act entitled An act to carryrinto effect, with the
States of Alabama and Mississippi, the existing
compact with those States in regard to the five-per-
cent. fund and school reservations: referred to the
Committee on Public Lands.
On motion by Mr. WOODBRIDGE—
Resolued, That the Committee on the Post Office and
Post Roads be instructed to inquire into the expediency of
establishing a post road from Mount Clemens, in the county
of Macomb and State of Michigan, to Rome, in the said
county, through the towns of Macomb and Ray—to report
by bill or otherwise.
On motion by Mr. WOODBRIDGE—
Resolved, That the Committee on the Post Office and Post
Roads inquire into the expediency of establishing a post
route from Sault de Ste. Marie, in the. State of Michigan, t®
Fort Wilkins, on Lake Superior—to report by bill or other-
wise.
Mr. HAYWOOD presented a petition from Sa-
rah Bass,, praying compensation for the revolution-
ary services of her father: referred to the Commit-
tee on Revolutionary Claims.
Mr. BENTON submitted the following resolu-
tion; which, Tinder the rule, lies one day on the
table, viz:
Resolved, Thatthe President be requested to communicate
to the Senate a copy of the letter of Mr. Shannon to the De-
partment of State, communicating the note of the Mexicaa
Secretary of State, in refation to the payment of the April and
July instalments of the Mexican indemnity to the agent ap-
pointed by the United States to reccivc the indemnities un-
der the convention of 1843.
Also, to communicate to the Senate the name of the
agent appointed to receive said indemnities, and the secu-
rity, if any, which may have been taken for the faithful
performance of his duty, and the terms and conditions of his
appointment.
Also, whether said agent has communicated any informa-
tion to the authorities of the United States in relation to the
non-payment of the instalments of the said indemnities due
in April and July last.
Also, to communicate to the Senate a statement of the in-
demnities actually paid to the United States agent, with the
date of such payment to him, the date of tho receipt of the
money so paid at the treasury of the United States, and a
statement of the costs and charges made and allowed against
such instalments before paid to the claimants.
The joint resolution for the relief of Joshua Shaw
and Solomon P. Corser was read the third time, and
Mr. WOODBRIDGE, from the Committee on
Public Lands, reported back, without amendment,
and with a recommendation that they do pass, the
bill to organize a new land district in the southern
part of the State of Arkansas; and
The bill for the relief of William Elliott, jr., of
Fulton county, Illinois.
The bill entitled "An act to grant certain lands to
the State of Indiana, the better to enable that State
to complete the Wabash and Erie canal from Terre
Haute to the Ohio river," was taken tip and read
the third time; and the question being, Shall the bill
paps?
Mr. HAYWOOD desired a postponement of the
bill for a few days, to enable him to examine into
certain remonstrances from Vincennes, Indiana,
against the proposed improvement.
Mr. WHITE made a long speech on the merits
of the bill, and showed that those who resided in
the ancient town of Vincennes were opposed to the
extension of the Wabash and Erie canal, but in fa-
vor of the improvement of the Wabash river as a
counter project—a thing which was impracticable.
Theiropposition grew out of the impression that the
canal improvement would injuriously affect the com-
mercial interests of that town. He urged the im-
mediate passage of the bill, and presented the im-
portance of the work which was now in progress,
to the whole West and South.
Mr. HAYWOOD insisted on the postponement,
to afford time to examine the provisions of the bill.
The further consideration of the bill was then post-
poned to Thursday next.
Several secret messages were received from the
President of the United States.
The following engrossed bills were read a third
time, and passed:
A bill for the relief of Wm. Russell.
A bill for the relief of Wm. Rich.
The CHAIR laid before the Senate certain reso-
lutions of condolence and sympathy, passed by the
common council of the city of New York, touching
the disaster on board the Princeton last spring, by
which so many valuable lives was lost. The com-
munication was laid on the table.
Mr. HAYWOOD gave notice that, on Monday
next, he would ask leave to introduce a bill for the
annexation of Texas to the United States.
Mr. BENTON submitted the following resolution;
which lies over for consideration:
Resolved, That the President be requested to communicate
to the Senate a copy of the report made to the engineer de-
partment on military defences of the country, by Lieutenant
Halleck, of the corps of Engineers.
On motion of Mr. TAPPAN, the previous orders
were postponed, and the bill providing for the estab-
lishment of the Smithsonian institute was taken up
as in committee of the whole, and various verbal
amendments offered by him were adopted.
