CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
they could not be procured in time, he hoped the
vote would be reconsidered. He, however, had no
objection to the preparation of a map, for he be-
lieved it would be useful; but it should be such a
map as wo.uld be of some utility: and, so long as
they had a Committee on Engraving—a committee
which had already done enough to command for it
the respect of the House and of the country—he
thought this matter should go to that committee,
that by it the bargain for the map might be made.
Hitherto they had paid eight, ten, and in some cases
twelves times more for engraving than they ought to
have paid, and engravers had grown wealthy out of
congressional engraving. Such abuses, however,
had been stopped by the' Committee on Engraving;
and he hoped this" resolution would take that direc-
tion.
Some conversation having taken place between
Mr. COBB and Mr. C. J. INGERSOLL—
Mr. WINTHROP intimated that the original res-
olution had originated with him, in the Committee
on Foreign Affairs; and he hoped the House would
give them such a map as they could use at their
desks without inconvenience. He said he was in-
formed by a gentleman from New York [Mr. Mose-
ley] that a map of the State of New York and a
map of the United States were every year laid on
the tables of the members of the legislature of that
- State, at the commencement of the session, done up
with the rales of the two Houses—the one being
considered as indispensable as the other; and he
hoped the same thing would be done here annually
by the Clerk of this House. Such a map was use-
ful to members during the discussions either on ad-
joining foreign territories or domestic possessions;
' and he had mentioned twenty inches square because
that would be large enough for the purpose. They
surely did not want large and expensive maps for
gentlemen to take home, to hang on their walls,
there to study geography.
A motion was made to lay the motion to recon-
sider on the table; which was rejected.
The question recurring on the motion to recon-
Mr. HAMMETT briefly advocated the motion,
and spoke against the propriety of procuring in this
manner, at the expense of the House, maps which
were in everybody's hands in the country. If any-
thing were to be done on the subject, he thought it
should first be referred to the Committee on En-
graving. .
Mr. J. R. INGERSOLL, in some remarks m fa-
vor of the reconsideration, and in opposition to pro-
curing the map, referred to the postponements, from
time to time, of the Texas question, which had al-
ready taken place, and seemed to imply that it would
not soon come up.
Mr. HAMMETT pledged himself to the gentle-
man ^from Pennsylvania, and to the whole House,
that it would be but a very few days before they
should have the Texas question hot and heavy.
Mr. INGERSOLL replied: Let it come, sir; let it
come.
* After a remark which caused a burst of laughter
(but which could not be heard by the reporter) at
the left of the Speaker,
Mr. I. proceeded to say that really he believed
they would have the discussion of the Texas ques-
tion at the time when the Greek calends were said
to come—at an indefinite, unknown, and very un-
certain period. When you show Texas on this
floor, (said he,) we shall be ready to meet it; but at
present, the indications were of letting Texas go to
sleep, and reserving the adjustment of the matter to
a future administration, which should have all the
responsibility and all the glory of it. He said again,
let it come: he trusted it would come and go, as
shadows come and depart.
Mr. WM. J. BROWN moved the previous
etuestion.
Mr. CAYE JOHNSON asked for the reading of
the resolution; which was read, as follows:
Resolved, That the Clerk of tlie House be directed to pro-
cure for each of the members of this House, as cany as
may be a map of thr United States prepared agreeably to the
latest and most authentic surveys, and reduced to a scale
for convenient reference in the House, not exceeding twen-
ty inches square, exhibiting all the puncipol features and
settlements of our acknowledged territory, together with
general outlines of the contiguous possessions 01 iexas,
Mexico, Great Britain, Russia, Slc. &c.
The demand for the previous question was sec-
onded, and the main question ordered; and being ta-
ken, was decided in the affirmative.
So the vote adopting the resolution was reconsid-
ered.
■The question recurring on the adoption of the res-
olution,
Mr. CAVE JOHNSON said he desired to move
an amendment, so as to put the resolution into the
form of an inquiry, and to refer it to the Committee
on Engraving.
Mr. MgDOWELL moved to lay the resolution
on the table; whitih motion was agrefed to without a
division.
Thus the matter is disposed of.
Mr. PAYNE asked and obtained leave to present
the memorial of Alvin C. Goell, asking for indem-
nity for infringement of patent rights for the ma-
king of rockets and other articles in the United
States armories, arsenals, and for wrongs received at
the hands of United States officers.
Mr. P. moved the reference thereof to a select
committee to consist of the members who consti-
tuted the committee at the last session of Congress.
After some conversation on the subjectby Messrs,
ADAMS and PAYNE,
The motion, having been so modified as to pro-
vide for the reference to a select committee of five
• members, was agreed to.
On motion of Mr. D. L. SEYMOUR, it was
Qnleieil, That when this ;House adjourn it will adjourn
to meet on Thursday next.
Mr. HUBARD asked and obtained leave to
withdraw certain papers from the files of the
House.
TEXAS.
Mr. WELLER moved that the House adjourn;
but withdrew the motion at the request of
Mr. McDOWELL, who rose and said he wished
to give notice that, unless the proposition of the an-
nexation of Texas was taken up within three days,
he should ask leave to introduce a bill to annex it
as a State to this Union.
No objection being made, the notice was received
and entered on the journal.
On motion of Mr. WELLER,
The House then adjourned, to meet on Thursday
at 12 o'clock.
The following notices of petitions presented to-
day, were handed to the reporters by the members
presenting them:
By Mr, ISAAC E. MORSE: The petition of a large num-
ber of inhabitants of the parishes of Nafchitoches, Cald-
well, and Ouachita, praying for the establishment of a post
road between the towns of Monroe and Natchitoches, and
for the location of post offices at the intermediate towns:
referred to the Committee on the Post Offlce and Post
Roads,
By Mr CROSS: The memorial and accompanying papers
of Asahel Brainard, praying an increase of pension.
By Mr. JAMES B. HUNT: The petition of Louis Chap-
pertoi., of Michigan, for damages sustained during the late
war: referred to the Committee of Claims.
By Mr. HENRY DODGE: A memorial signed by 80 citi-
zens of Monroe citj , State of Michigan, asking Congress
for an appropriation for the improvement of the Fox and
Wisconsin rivers; a memorial signed by 30 citizens of Bos-
ton, Massachusetts, asking Congress for an appropriation
for the improvement of the Fox and Wisconsin rivers; tour
memorials signed by 231 citizens of Brown county, Terri-
tory of Wisconsin, asking an appropriation lor the improve-
ment of the Fox and Wisconsin rivers, which were respect-
ively referred to the Committee oil Public Lands.
By Mr PRATT: The petition of Renny Waterman, for a
law granting lnm letters patent for certain improvements m
fire engines, 8tc. _
By Mr TAYLOR: The petition of Ilcnry Ruflner and
others, inhabitants of the town of Lexington, in Virginia,
praying a reduction ol the rates of postage, referred to the
Committee on the Post Oftice and Po^t Roads.
By Mr. ALFRED P. STONE: The memorial oi William
Champe, praying for leliet: referred to the Committee on
Revolotionai> < lainis.
By Mr GltiN\TEl,I.: The petition of E. W. Gardner and
24 otlieis, of Nantucket, against the annexation of Texas
as slave"tenitory The petition of Job Bailey an,1 others,
lor the abolition of skueiy lu the District of I olunibia.
The petition of Daniel 1* isher and others, for rebuilding
the breakwater at Eilgartown, Massachusetts. .
[■y Mr, BTItAM GLU'.EN: The petition of the inbabit
ants of Oviol, in the county of Genesee, New York, re
questing a reduction ot the rates ot postage.
By Mr FFKENIX: A memorial from Ike chambei ol com-
merce of New York, praying for the establishment of the
ware-house system.
By Mi BARR1NGKR: The petition of R. W Allison and
C. N. Price, and S3 other citizens of Noith Carolina, in la-
vor of rebuilding the branch mint at Charlotte, North Caro-
'"bv Mr PAYNE: The petitioa ol Samuel Walker and Fran-
cis G. Beatty, pia) ing remuneration for injuries sustained
by them while emplo-y ed oil the new treasury building in
the City of Washington: relerred to the Committee loi the
District of Columbia.
By Mi. SEVERANCE: The petition ot Henry Sewall and
52 others, of Augusta, Maine, against the annexation ot
Texas, as a slavehokling territory. Also the petition of G.
Pray and 52 others, of East Livermore, in the > <tuto ol
Maine, for a reduction of postage. . .
By Mr. J. A. WRIGHT: The petition of the mechanics
and laborers of the navy-yard, in Washington, D. C. pray-
ing compensation for the time ill which they were kept
here in ;a state of suspense during the. suspension of ,the
public works in the yard in 1343: referred to the Committee
on Naval Afl'airs. •
By Mr. TIBBATTS: The petition of Jonathan Shafer, ask-
ing payment for a last final-settlement certificate issued to
Christian Orendofi: referred to the Committee on Revolu-
tionary Claims. The petition ofthe heirs of John Mount-
joy, deceased, late of Kentucky: referred to' the Com-
mittee on Revolutionary Claims.
By Mr. H. HAMLIN: The petition of Lucy Forbes for a
pension for services of her husband in the revolutionary
war: referred to the Committee on Revolutionary Pensions.
IN SENATE.
Thursday, January 2, 1845.
Mr. SEVIER presented the petition of John
Ross and others, of Little Rock, Arkansas, praying
for the establishment of a mail route from Clarks-
ville, in Johnson county, to Carrollton, in Carroll
county, Arkansas; which was referred to the Com-
mittee on the Post Office and Post Roads.
Also, presented the petition of John Dillard; of
Arkansas, praying remuneration for losses sustained
in furnishing supplies to the Camanche and other
Indians: referred to the Committee on Indian Af-
fairs.
On motion by Mr. SEVIER, it was
Orierti, That the petition of Mary Ann Morrice, the
widow of a deceased naval seaman, praying for a renewal
of her pension, he taken from the files, and referred to the
Committee on Naval Affairs.
Mr. DAYTON presented a petition from John
Mcduillon and sundry other citizens of Philadel-
phia, Pa., praying for the abolition of slavery in
the District of Columbia.
Mr. FOSTER of Tennessee raised the question
of reception; which was ordered to lie on.the table.
Mr. BATES presented a petition from John W.
Alexander and sundry legal voters of the town of
Mendon, Massachusetts, praying for the rejection
of all propositions for the annexation of Texas to
the United States as a slaveholding Territory: refer-
red to the Committee on Foreign Relations.
Mr. FAIRFIELD presented a petition from John
Carlow, of Portland, Maine, praying for a pension:
referred to the Committee on Pensions.
Mr. RIVES presented a memorial from certain
surgeons and assistant surgeons in the navy of the
United States, asking for the enactment of a law
giving them rank the same as is allowed to like offi-
cers in the army: referred to the Committee on Na-
val Affairs.
Also presented the petition of Mrs. O'Brien, the
widow of Lieutenant Lucius O'Brien, who lost his
life in the Florida war, praying for a pension: re-
ferred to the Committee on Military Affairs.
Mr. BUCHANAN presented from Mary P.
Egan, corresponding secretary of the female aboli-
tion society of Pennsylvania, six memorials, signed
by some 148 ladies, respectfully requesting that
Congress will immediately effect such an alteration
in the constitution and laws of the United States as
will relieve the citizens of Pennsylvania from all
partnership in the support of American slavery.
Also, from the same lady, three memorials, sign-
ed by 150 women, asking that the laws of the Uni-
ted States be so ^mended as not to compcl any
slave to return, for the purpose of residence, to any
State where the laws prevent such slave from being
taught to read the Bible.
The question of reception being raised on these
petitions, they were ordered to lie on the table.
Mr. ARCHER presented a memorial from citi-
zens of Yicksburg, Mississippi, praying for reform
in the naturalization laws: referred to the Judiciary
Committee.
Also presented a petition from A. G. Ralston &
Co., of Philadelphia, asking that certain duties paid
the 'government on imported iron may be Refunded
to them: referred to the Committee on Finance.
Mr. WHITE, from the Committee on Roads and
Canals, reported back, without amendment, and
with a recommendation that it do pass, the bill
"making appropriations for the continuation ofthe
Cumberland road through the States of Ohio, In-
diana, and Illinois.
Mr. HUNTINGTON, from the Committee i .
Commerce, reported a bill for the relief ol Thomas
Smith; which was read, and ordered to a sccand
reading.
Mr. CRITTENDEN, from the Committee on
Military Affairs, reported a bill for the relief of
William C. Easton; which was read, and ordered to
a second reading.
Also reported back from the same committee,
