§4
CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
posed to a proper emigration; but he had said that
jt would give an undue stimulus to emigration,
neither benefiting the States from which the indi-
viduals went, nor the individuals themselves.
Mr. CHAPMAN continued. The gentle-
matt from Maryland [Mr. Cacsin] told them
of how much had been done for the West.
Now, in the name of Heaven, he wanted to know
what had been done for it. He wanted to know
how much of the forty millions annually collected
under the present unjust and oppressive tariff, went
to his State. He came from the banner State, (Ala-
bama,) which had given the largest democratic ma-
jority in favor of the democratic candidate for the
presidency; and from the banner district in that
State, which had also given the largest democratic
majority in the State. *
Mr. WENTWORTH here interrupted Mr. C.
to contest the gentleman's right to the banner, as he
himself claimed not only to come from the banner
State and banner district, but also from the banner
county and banner city.
Mr. CHAPMAN proceeded , and said he would not
now contest that point "with his friend from Illinois.
He would add that in his State large quantities of
public lands remained unsold than in any other,
and the provisions of this bill were therefore mote
needed theie than anywhere pise. In illustration of
the remark of the gentleman from Maryland, and
for the purpose of making a comparison between
the benefits received from the government by Mary-
land and Alabama, he. would state that Maryland
had 393 of the offices of the federal government
more than she was entitled to; while Alabama had
180 less. He would further state that Alabama had
not now a single officer at the seat of government,
and that she stood in the enviable condition of not
only having refused to touch a dollar of the distri-
bution , fund of 1841, but of not having expended
within her limits any of the fifty millions collected
by the tariff. Notwithstanding these facts, his State
had^ been falsely charged with repudiation, and with
having violated her plighted faith. He was proud
of coming from a State whose escutcheon was un-
tarnished; and he trusted that it ever would be, both
in her public faith and in her disposition to main-
tain it.
Mr. McDOWELL then withdrew his amend-
ment, "when
Mr. S. CI
tute for the bill:
'•All of the lands of the United States which shall have been
subject to entry ten years, and under twenty years, prior to
the time an application may be made to enter the same
under the provisions of this act,'and still remaining un-
sold, may be entered for settlement and cultivation at the
price oi one dollar per acre for any quantity not exceeding1
one hundred and sixty acres.
"And all oi the lands of the United Stales which shall have
been subject to entry twenty years, and undep thirty veais,
prior to the time an application may be made to enter the
same under the provisions of this act, and still remaining
unsold, may be entered for settlement and cultivation at the
price of seventy-five cents per acre for any quantity not ex-
ceeding one Hundred and sixty acres.
"And all of the lands of the United States which shall have
been subject to entry forthhty years and upwards, piior to
the time an application may be made to entei the same
under the provisions of this act, and still remaining unsold,
mav be entered for settlement and cultivation at the price
of fifty cents per acre, for any quantity not exceeding one
hundred and sixty acres.
"Provided, That none of the provisions of this act shall
apply to any of the lands of the United States within any of
the Territories.
"Sec. 2. Jlnd be it further enacted, That the person making
entry or application for entry under the provision*, ot this
act, and at either of the prices designated theiein, {-hall first
make an affidavit before the register or receiv ei of the prop-
er land office where the entry is proposed to be made, that
the said applicant enters and proposes to entei the same
for his own use and benefit, for settlement and cultivation
by and for him or herself; and that the said applicant has
made no entry under the provisions oi this act, or no entry
m pursuance thereof, which, together with the additional
entry then proposed to be made, will make the whole quan-
tify so entered and proposed to be entered exceed one hun-
dred and sixty acres; and all entries at either of the prices
designated by this act, contrary to the true intent and mean-
ing thereof, are hereby declared to be null and void; pro-
vided, that this act shall not apply to the alternate sections
of land reserved or which maybe reserved by the United
States within any of the States.
"Sec. 3. And be it further enacted^ That patents shall not
issue for land entered under the provisions of this act un-
til the expiration of three years after said entry, and at the
time application maybe made for a patent, the purchaser
under this act, before he shall be entitled to the same, shall
first prove, by disinterested witnesses, to the satisfaction of
the commissioner of the general land office that said pur-
chaser has resided upon and cultivated said land, so en-
tered, for three consecutive years preceding his application
for a patent; and all assignments intrust, or otheiwise, all
sales, conveyances, and transfers, by any of said purchas-
ers* of any said lands, before a patent shall have issued
for the same, shall be absolutely null and void; and in the
event of the death of any of said purchasers prior to the
issuance of a patent in their behalf, all of the rights and
privileges under the provisions of this act to which he or
she was entitled, shall accrue and belong to his er her
heirs, to enable them to perfect the title to said land and
obtain a patenttherefor."
On motion by Mr. S. CAREY, the committee
rose and reported progress.
Mr. HOUSTON moved that the amendment of
Mr. Carey be printed; which was agreed to.
Mr. HOUSTON offered a resolution to terminate
debate in Committee of the Whole on Friday at 3
o'clock; when
The House adjourned.
Correction.—In our report of the proceedings
of the House on Tuesday, it was stated that the
Committee on Commerce had reported unfavorably
on the bill to authorize the purchase of the residue
of the stock held by individuals in the Louisville
and Portland canal; but the report ought to have
gone on further to state that the bill was, on mo-
tion of Mr. Tibbatts, referred to the Committee on
Public Lands.
HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES.
Friday, January 3,1845.
The minutes of yesterday were read and approved.
ANNEXATION OF TEXAS.
Mr. C. J. INGERSOLL moved that the rules be
suspended, that the House might resolve it3elf into
Committee of the Whole on the state of the Union
for the purpose of taking up the Texas question.
The SPEAKER remarked that the first business
in order was the resolution of the gentleman from
Alabama, [Mr. Houston,] submitted yesterday be-
fore the adjournment, to fix the time for the termi-
nation of the debate in Committee of the Whole on
the state of the Union, on the bill to reduce and grad-
uate the price of the public lands in favor of settlers
and cultivators.
Mr. HOUSTON said there appeared to be some
opposition to that resolution, and therefore he
would withdraw it at the present time.
The SPEAKER then announced the question on
the suspension of the rules.
JVfr. ELMER expressed the hope that it would
not interfere with the morning hour.
Mr- VANCE inquired if this was not private bill
day.
The SPEAKER explained. The business fust
in order was the unfinished business of yesterday
growing out of the report of the report of the gentle*
man from New Hampshire, [Mr. Burke,] on the
affairs of Rhode Island; nextthecall on committees
for reports for one hour; and afterwards private
bills; but a motion to suspend the rules took pre-
cedence.
Mr. ROGERS called for the yeas and nays on
the question of suspension, and they were ordered,
and resulted thus—yeas 107, nays 63—as follows:
VEAS—Messrs Andeison, Arrington, A&he, Atkinson,
Bayly, Belser, Benton, Bidlack, James A. Black, Black-
well, Bowlm, Brodhead, Aaion V. Brown, Milton Brown,
"William J. Brown, Buiko, Buit, Caldwell, Carpenter,
Shepheid Cary, Augustus A. Chapman, Chappell, Clin-
ton, Cobb, (-ales, Cioss, Cullom, "Darnel, Richaul D. Davis,
John W. Davis, Dean, Douglass, Diomgoole, Duncan,
Dunlap, Elmer, Ficklin, Foster, French, l-uller, Hannibal
Hamlm, Haralson, Hays, Ilt-irjck, Hopkins, Houston, Hub-
ard, Hughes, Charles J. Jngersoll, Jameson, Cave John-
son, George W. Jones, Andiew Kennedy, Preston King,
Kirkpatrick, Labranche, Leonard, Lucas, Lumpkin. Lyon,
McCauslen, McClelland, MoCloincind, McConneil, Mc-
Dowell, McKay, Mathews, Joseph Moni<, .Newlon, Noiris,
Owen, Parmenter, Peyton, K 1) Potter, Piatt, Purd\ , Rath
bun, David S. lieid, Reding, Relie, Rhett, Roberts". Robin-
son, Russell. St. John, Thomas H. Seymour, Davjd L.
Se) mom, Simpson, Thonia- Smith, RobeitSmith, Steemod,
Stetson, John Stewait. Stiles, James W. Stone. Alfred P.
Stone, Stiong, Ta\lor, Thompson, Til-batts, Tucker,
"VVeller, Wentworth *Vv heatou, Benjamin White, "Williams,
Woodward, and \ost--107.
NAYS—Messrs Abbot, Adams, Baker. Baiiinger, Bar-
nard, Brengle, Buffington, Carroll. Catlin, Clinch. Colla-
mer, Cianston. Dairagh, Ganett Dcms, Ueberry. .belief,
Dickey, Fish, Florence, Foot, Gidding«, Goggm, Giinnell,
Gridcr, Edward S. Hamlin, Haiper, Hudson, Hungeiford,
James B Hunt, Joseph 11. Ingersoll, Jenks. Perley B.
Johnson, Daniel P. King, Mcllvaino. Matsh, Edward J
Morris. Freeman H Morse, Moseley Patterson, Pollock,
Elisha R. Potter, Pre&ton. Ramsey, Charles M. Reed, Rock-
well, Rodney, Rogers, Sample, Schenck, Center, Sevt.r-
anoe, Albort Smith, Caleb B Smith, Stephens, Summers,
Thomas«on, Tyler, Vance, Vanreeter, Vinton, Wcthered,
John White, and "Winthrop—(>3.
So the rules were suspended.
The House then resolved itself inte Committee of
the Whole on the state of the Union, Mr. Hopkins
in the chair.
Mr. C, J. INGERSOLL moved that the commit-
teejake up the joint resolutions for annexing Texas
to the United States, which he some time since re-
ported from the Committee on Foreign Affairs.
The CHAIRMAN stated that it would be neces-
sary first to lay aside the bill which was before the
committee when it last rose—the bill to reduce and
graduate the price of the publiclands—and which
consequently had precedence.
Mr. C. J. INGERSOLL moved to lay aside that
bill. - '
Mr. SHEPARD CARY inquired if he was not
entitled to the floor on that subject, and if any other
gentleman could obtain the floor for the purpose of
making such a motion as that now submitted by the
gentleman from Pennsylvania without the surrender
of the floor by him (Mr. Cary.)
The CHAIRMAN decided that^ the committee
might select its own business.
The question was then taken on postponing the
further consideration of the land bill; and it was
agreed to.
Mr. C. J. INGERSOLL then moved to take up
the Texas joint resolutions which he had designated;
and the motion was agreed to.
The joint resolution was read at length by the
Clerk as follows:
'•JOINT RESOLUTION for annexing Texas to" the United
States
''Rcsolred by the Senate and Jiouse^of Repreitntalicei of the
United States of Jlmeiicu in Confess assembhd, That an-
nexation and union between the said United States and the
republic of Texas take eftect as settled the twellth of April
last, in the following words, vu:
I'Arfk uk i. The republic of Texas, acting in conformity
with the wishes of the people and government, cedes
to the United States all the territories of Texas, to be
held by them in full property und sovereignty, and to be
annexed to the said United States as one of their Territories,
subject to-the same constitutional provisions with their
other Territories. This cession including all public lots and
squares, vacant lands, mines, minerals, salt lakes and
springs, public edifices, fortifications, bairaeks, ports and
harbors, navy and navy yards, docks, maga'/mes, arms,
aimaments. and accoutitmcnts. aichives'and public docu-
ments, public fund:*, debts, taxes and dues unpaid at the time
of annexation.
"Articlk ii. The citi/ens of Texas shall be mcorpoiated
into the Union of the United Stutes, maintained and protect-
ed in the free enjoyment of their liberty and property, and
admitted, as soon as may be consistent with the principles
oi the federal constitution, to the en^oj mcnt of oil the rightrf,
privileges, and immunities, oi citizens* ot the United States.
"Arhcle iii. All titles end claims to leal estate, valid
under the laws of Texas, shall be held so by the United
States, and measures adopted lor the speedy adjudication
of all unsettled claims to i-ind, and patents shall be gianted
to those found valid.
"Akjiclk iv. The public land heieby ceded shall be
subject to the laws ifgulating the public lands in the other
lemtories of the United States, as lav as they may be ap-
plicable; subject, how ever, to such attentions and changes
as Congress may from time to tune think propei to make.
If, in consequence ot the mode m which lauds have been
smveyed in Texas, ot from previous giant-* or Iocatiops,
the sixteenth section cannot be applied to the puipose of
education, Congress shall make equal provision by grant
of land elsewhere Audit is also luither undeistood that,
hereaUer, the books, paper.-*, and documents of the General
Land Ofhce of Texas Khali be deposited and kept at *uch
place in Texas as the Congress of the United States shall
direct
•'AkticlkThe United States assume <wid c*gree to pay
thi- public debts and liabilities of Texas, however created,
for which the faith or credit oi her government maybe
bound at the time of annexation; said debts smt liabilities
estimated not to exceed, m the whole, ten millions o-f dol-
lais, to be ascertained and paid in the mannei hereinafter
stated:
"The payment of the sum of three hundred and fifty thou-
sand dollar shall be made at tbetieasury of the United
States, within ninety days after annexation, as follows: Two
bundled and iitty thousand dollars to l-'icdciick Dawson, of
Baltimore, oi his executors, on the deliver} of that amount
of ten per cent, bonds of Texus; one hundred thousand dol-
lais, ii so much be required, in the ledempbon of the ex-
chequei bills hich may be in cncuUtiun at the time of
annexation. J or the prmnent of the remainder of the debts
and liabilities _ of Texas, which, together with the amount
ulteady .specified, shall not exceed ten millions, of dollars,
the public lands herein ceded, and the i:et unenue fioui the
same, aio heieb\ pledged
•'Aut iclk vr. In oider to ascertain the full amount of th«*
debts and liabilities herein os&iuned. and the h-galit} and
vaiiditj thereof, lour commibsionciv shall be cippointed bv
the Piesident of the United States, bj and with the advice
and consent of the Senate, who shall meet at Y> ashintfton,
lexas, within the period oi six months crfter annexation^ a. id
may continue in session not e.\c<-«-dnig twelve n onths. un-
less the ( ougiess of the United Suites should pro-
long the time. They shall take an oath lor the faith-
ful discharge fof their duties, and that they aie not direct-
ly or indirectly interested in said claims at fhe time, and
will not be during their continuance m office; and-the
snid oath shall be recorded with their proceedings. In
case of the death, sicklier, or resignation of any of the coki
missicners, his or their place or places m.iy be supplied by
the appointment us aforesaid, or by the Fresident of the
United States during the recess of the Senate. They, or a
majority of them, shall be authorized, under such regula-
tions as the Congress of the United States may prescribe, to
hear, examine, and decide on all questions touching the le-
gality and validity of s&id claims, and shall, when a claim is
