<3()NGR£sstONAL GLOBE.
* ■
allowed, Issue a certificate to the claimant, stating the !'
am ount, distinguishing principal from mtei est. The certifi-
cates so issaed shall be numbered, and entry made of the
number, the name of the person to whom issued, and the
amount, in a book to be kept for that purpose. They
shall transmit the records of their proceedings and
the book in which the certificates are enterea, with
the vouchers and documents produced before them,
relative to the claims allowed or rejected, to the
Treasury Department of the United States, to be deposited
therein; and the Secretary of the Treasury shall, as soon as
practicable after the receipt of the same, ascertain the aggre-
gate amount of the debts and liabilities allowed: and if the
 ame, when added to the amount to be paid to Frederick
Dawson, and the sum which may be paid in the redemption
of the exchequer bills, shall not exceed the estimated sum
of ten millions of dollars, he shall, on the presentation of a
certificate of the commissioners, issue, at the option of the
holder, a new certificate for the amount, distinguishing
principal from interest, and payable to him or order, out of
the" net proceeds of the public lands hereby ceded, or stock
ofthe Gnited Stales, for the amount allowed, including
principal and interest, and bearing an interest of three per
cent, per annum from the date thereof: which stock, in ad-
dition to being made pnyable out of the net proceeds of the
public lands hereby ceded, shall also be recenablein pay-
ment for the same. Jn cace the amount of the debts and
liabilities allowed, with the sums aforesaid to be paid to
Frederick Dawson, and which may be paid in the redemp-
tionof the exchequer bills, shall exceed the sum of ten mil-
lions of dollars, the said secretary, before issuing a new cer-
tificate, or stock, as the case may be, shall make in each
case such proportionable and ratable deduction on its
amount as to reduce the aggregate to the said sum of ten
millions of dollars; and he shall have power to make all
needful rules and regulations necessary to carry into effect
the powers hereby vested m him.
"Article tii. Until further provision shall be made, the
law-s of Texas, as now existing, shall remain in for.ee; and
all executive and judicial officers of Texas, except the
President, Vice President, and heads of departments, shall
retain their offices, with all power and authority appertain-
ingthereto; and the courts of justice shall remain in all
respects as now established and organized.
"Article vm. Immediately after annexation, the Presi-
dent of the United States, by ^nd with the advice and con-
sent of the Senate, shall appoint a commissioner, who shall
proceed to Texas and receive the transfer ot the territory
thereof, and all the archives and public property, and
other things herein conveyed, in the name of the United
States. He shall exercise all executive anthoritj in said
territory necessary to the proper execution of the laws,
until otherwise provided.
"Resolved, Tliat the s^aid articles are hereby declared to be
the fundamental law of union between the said United
States and Texa?, so soon as the supreme authorities of the
said republic of Texas shall agree to the same And it shall
be the duty of the President of-the United States, so soon
as he shall be officially notified of such agreement on the
part of Texas, to announce the same by proclamation.
"Resolved, faithe), t.ij the an!inn i'y ujoicsaid, That it is un-
derstood and intended that whatever was stipulated to be
done immediately, or at a fixed period after the exchange
of said compact," shall be done immediately, or in a like pe-
riod after the supreme authorities of Texas shall have for-
mally agreed to these resolutions.1'
Mr. C. J. INGERSOLL rose and addressed the
Chairman. But before proceeding with his re-
marks,
Mr. WELLER appealed to him to yield the floor,
simply to move an amendment.
Mr. INGERSOLL. 1 Lave no objection, if it
does not deprive me of my right to the floor.
Mr. WELLER. Undoubtedly it will r>ot.
The CHAIRMAjS" having signified his assent to
the same,
Mr. WELLER moved to amend the resolution,
by striking out all after the enacting clause, and in-
serting th.e resolutions he had had the honor some
days since to introduce. His object was, he said,
to make the proposition more acceptable to the
House than the form presented by the chairman of
the Committee on Foreign Affairs, although he
did not say (he was so understood to remark)
that he would not vote for the resolution of the com-
mittee, in case it should receive the preference of the
House.
Mr. INGERSOLL. Does the gentleman desite
Jhe reading of his resolutions?
Air. WELLER. No; it is the game bill pre-
sented by myself a few days since.
Mr. DOUGLASS moved to amend the amend-
ment of Mr. Weii.er, by substituting therefor the
resolutions which he had had the honor to introduce
a few days since.
-The resolutions of Mr. Douglass are in the fol-
owing words:
"Joint resolutions for the reannexation of Texas to the Uni-
ted States, in conformity with the tiedty of eighteen hun-
died and three, for the purchase of Louisiana
"Whereas?, by the provisions of the treaty of eighteen hun-
dred and three, between the United States and 3? ranee, com-
monly called the Louisiana treaty, all that country known
as Texas was ceded and conveyed to the United States; and
whereas it was stipulated in the said treaty that the inhabi-
tants of the ceded territory should be incorporated into the
union of the United States, and admitted as soon as possible,
according to the principles of the federal constitution, to the
enjoyment of all the rights, advantages, and immunities of
citizens of the United States, and in the mean time should
|>e protected in the free enjoyment of theii liberty, proper*
ty, and the religion which they professed; and whereas the
present inhabitants of Texas, being the rightful owners
thereof, have signified their willingness and desire to be re-
annexed to the United States and incorporated into the
Union, according to the principles of the federal constitu-
tion and the stipulations of the said treaty: therefore—
"Be it resolved by the Senate and House of Representatives of
the United States of Jlmerica in Confess assembled, That,
from and after the passing of these resolutions, and the con-
currence of the supreme authorities of Texas, therein, the
country known as.Texas be, and the-same is hereby,
reannexed to and made a portion of the territory of the United
States; and the inhabitants of the said territory of Texas
shall be incorporated into the union of the 'United States,
and admitted as soon as possible, according to the principles
of the federal constitution, to the enjoyment of all the
rights, advantages, and immunities ot citizens of the
United States j and in the mean time they shall be protected
in the free enjoyment of their liberty, property, and the re-
ligion which they profess.
"2. Jlnd he it further resolved, That the-country hereby
reannexed shall he known as the Territory of Texas; and
until further provision shall be made, the existing laws of
Texas, not inconsistent with these resolutions, shall remain
in force; and all' executive and judicial officers of Texas
shall retain thejr offices, subject to the authority of the Uni-
ted States, with all the power and authority appertaining
thereto, not inconsistent with, and necessary to carry into
execution the objects and purposes of these resolutions; and
the courts "of justice shall remain as at present established
and organj7ed.,
"3. Jlnd be itfurthei resolved, That-all titles to real estate,
valid under the existing laws of Texas, shall be deemed and
held valid by the United States.
"4. Jlnd be it further resolved', That the public lands in the
said Territory of Texas, be, and the same are hereby,
pledged for the payment of the debts for which the faith of
Texas stands pledged, supposed not to exceed ten millions
of dollars; and in addition to the public lands hereby
pledged, all the net revenue derived from customs and du-
ties imposed on the importation of foreign merchandise, and
collected within <he limits of the said Territory of Texas,
after deducting a sum sufficient to defray the expenses in-
curred by the United States for the support of the said Terri-
tory of Texas, shall be applied to the payment of the said
debts ofTexas, until the same shall be extinguished; and af-
ter the extinguishment of said debts, the residue of the pro-
ceeds of the sales of said lands, arid the said customs and
duties, shall go into the treasury of the United States.
"5. .And be it further resolved, That the amount and|validity
of said debts shall be ascertained, and the said lands dis-
posed of, and the proceeds thereof, and the said duties and
customs applied to their payment in such manner as the
Congress of the United States shall direct.
"6 .-2nd 1>p it further resolved. That the territory and prop-
erty heteoy annexed and ceded to the United States, shall
be construed to embrace all public lots and squares, vacant
lands, mines, mmcials, saltlokes and springs, public edifices,
fortifications, barracks, ports, and harbors; navy and navy-
yards; docks, magazines, arms, armaments, and accoutre-
ments; archives and public documents; public funds, debts,
taxes, and dues, unpaid at the time of annexation.
"7. Jlnd be it further revolved. That it shall be the duty of
the Congress of the United States, in disposing of the public
lands, to appropriate the sixteenth section of every town-
ship to the purposes of education; and when the same can-
not be so applied in consequence of previous grants, or
other causes, equal provision shall be made by grant of
laird elsewhere in the said territory.
"8. 4.471(1 be it further resolved, That nothing herein con-
tained shall be construed to affect or in any way interfere
with the «ixth section of the act appioved the sixth of
March, eighteen hundred and twenty, admitting the State
of Missouri into the Union, and commonly called the Mis-
souri compromise, that act having passed and approved
prior to the ratification of the treaty commonly called the
Florida treaty,by which Texas was ceded to Spain.
"9. Jlnd be it further resolved, That if any disputes shall
arise with any lbreign power respecting the western bound-
ary of Texas, the President of the United States is hereby
requested to open negotiations for the adjustment of the
same upon just and honorable terms, so soon as these reso-
lutions &hall be concurrcd in bj the supreme authorities ol
Texas.
'•10. Jlnd he it further resolved, That these resolutions are
hereby declared to he the fundamental law of union be-
tween the United Stated and Texas as soon as the supreme
authorities of Texas shall agree to the same; and it shall be
the duty of the President of the United States, so soon ash*1
shall be officially notified of such agreement onthcpnrt of
Texas, to announce the same by proclamation."
The question then being announced on the amend-
ment to the amendment-
Mr. WINTHROP rose to a point of ordef.
There was a rule of the House declaring that "No
bill or resolution shall, at any time, be amended by
annexing thereto, or incorporating therewith, any
other bill or resolution pending before the House."
If he understood correctly these propositions of
amendment now moved by the gentlemen, were the
identical propositions which had been presented by
the gentlemen respectively, and weie now before
the committee in separate and distinct forms.
Mr. WLLLER remarked that this difficulty was
obviated, as the chairman would discover, by chan"-
ing the phraseology of the resolutions as had been
done in both cases of amendment. It had been de-
cided by every chairman for years past, that a slight
change of phraseology took the matter out of the
rule referred to by the gentleman from Massachu-
setts. In this case there had been an important
change.
The CHAIRMAN overruled the point of order.
[Mr. C. J. INGERSOLL said he supposed it was
expected that he should preface this measure by
some introductory views of it; but he did not
intend much more than mere statement—reserving
argument till objections made it necessary. He
should-not, therefore, undertake to defend or vindi-
cate the restoration of Texas to the United States,
but simply explain what he believed to be the pres-
ent position of that important measure. It has been
abundantly discussed every where except in this
House of Representatives. At popular meetings,
by the American press, in several of the Stale legis-
latures; in the published proceedings of the Senate
of the United States, in various executive communi-
cations to both branches of Congress, by several in-
dividual contributions to general information—in
short, every where, every how considered, and uni-
versal sentiment ascertained, except in this hall,
where untoward preventions have till new frustrated
deliberation on it; even in European newspapers
more than in this House, where it now first appears.
Desirous of keeping so great a national consumma-
tion clear of party influences, Mr. I. would not, in
addition, vouch the late presidential election, preg-
nant as it was of popular will on • this subject, as
well whig as democratic, further than to say, in his
own justification, that, without a word of argument,
he had, at every meeting in his district during the,
canvass, said if elected he should deem himself
instructed to vote for the immediate reannexation of
Texas. For, said Mr. I., this is no recent opinion with
me. I did not wait till presidents and secretaries,
actual or past, recommended the recovery of that
natural and indispensable part of the United States,
as enlarged by the acquisition of Louisiana; but for
many years have been the constant and unhesitating
advocate of getting back Texas. When we reflect
on what public sentiment was only one year ago,
and is now, it is as pleasing as surprising to perceive
how it has gruwn on this subject- Without gov-
ernment support, this progress is strong proof of
'popular will. When Congress came together last
.year, Texas was little known in the greater part of
the United States, and less liked. Most people
were ignorant of the localities, the advantages, the
rights, and the realities of that fine region. A vote
on it then would have been largely negative.
There was little public attention but what was elicit-
ed by the manifesto of some members of Congress
warning the country against annexation as the
mother of disunion and of slavery—twin calamities
earnestly deprecated as its offspring. Whereas
I venture to assert that the general disposition for
Louisiana, which brought it into the Union with-
out a clause in the constitution, was by no means
so preponderant when that territory was acquired,
either in 1803 or 1812, as the inclination is for Tex-
as now. I go further, and assert that the war of
1812 was waged for nearly three years to a success-
ful end by much less of a majority of the Amer-
ican people than now approve the recovery of Tex-
as. A much greater and more formidable minority
opposed that war than now repudiate Texas.
I mean nothing invidous by these statements, but
aver them as facts full of meaning.
If, then, we represent an American Union govern-
ed by the will of the people, it is our representative
duty to bring back Texas into it, if we can. This
is the duty of Congress, in both branches; and the
numerous proffers m this House, of plans, not very
different in their postulates, prove that many covet
the honor of being the advocates ofTexas. Indeed,
except unfounded apprehensions of the spread of
domestic slavery, there is hardly a great question of
public policy on which the American will is more
united.
Such being the case, I shall, as a sincere well-
wisher of the measure, strive to conciliate harmo-
nious action on it, by voting for any and every rea-
sonable plan for its accomplishment. Tenacious of
no one—ambitious of no selfish or peculiar honor
in the movement—the earliest recovery of Texas
will be my study, and every feasible arrangement of
it command my vote. As it is a contract or bargain
with another country, it seems to me that an ar-
rangement, carefully digested, with the agents of
that country, authorized ad hoc, must be the best
mode, if not the only one. But if any gentleman
can show that it may be as well done without
regard to the terms and conditions of the trea-
ty, that gentleman's plan shall have my vote,
should the terms of the treaty be deemed
too obnoxious for- adoption. As it is an-
nexation to and at the South I think the wishes
of the South entitled to be most consulted; just a§
