SB
CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
2S3£65
those of Maine and .Massachusetts were consulted
in the late settlement of the northeastern boundary.
Still,-like that of Maine, the Texas question is na-
tional; and national considerations should prevail in
the latter as they did in the former, when the Union,
south, and west, and central, .sustained-, the north-
east in its plan of settlement. It is undeniable, how-
.ever, that southern interests, southern frontiers,
southern institutions—I mean slavery and all—are to
be primarily regarded in settling the restoration of
Texas. It is a Texas question and a southern ques-
tion. If southern Secretaries of State—one of whom
originated, and another is striving to consummate,
the affair—betray southern partialities which many
of us may deem not quite national, that is no reason
why a great national measure should not he effected
on great national considerations. * So, if our minis-
ter to Mexico discuss the matter with the Mexican
authorities in a tone or temper which we may not
approve, that is no sufficient reasons why the affair
itself should be frustrated. We must regard the
•merits and substance of the measure, and negotiation
concerning it, without being prejudiced or prevented
by the mere manner of dealing with them.
The national considerations have been too abund-
antly laid before public opinion in every form of ar-
gument, to require that I should reiterate them here,
i shall, therefore, con ent myself with very summa-
ry, intimations.
" I. The commercial, agricultural, manufacturing,
navigation, both riverain and oceanic—the whole in-
terior view of the subject is, I think, irresistibly in-
viting. The acquisition of Louisiana, on all hands
conceded to be inestimably beneficial to the whole
(Jniied States, loses half of its value withbut Texas,
which is a natural part of that complete region. Ac-
cordingly, since the treaty of Florida gave it up,
every administration has been endeavoring to regain
it. Louisiana, as acquired by the treaty of 1R03—
that is, including Texas and Oregon—would demon-
strate and establish, in the progress of a few years,
the prodigious advantages of free trade. There is
no national benefit more important, as regards com-
merce, manufactures, agriculture, and all the useful
m-ts, the wealth and the peace of a nation, than free,
trade. That does not mean unrestricted trade be-
tween foreign nations, but between all parts of any
one nation. Between foreign nations there is no
free trade. There can be none but by treaty. \ But
Vt. hen n nation so extended and diversified as this
opens rII its soil, vegetable and mineral produc-
tions, its commerce, navigation, and manufactures,
ro free trade among all its .parts, Maine and Ver-
mont, Maryland and Michigan, Louisiana and Ar*
kansas, enjoy and feel, throughout the vast ameliora-
tion of their inhabitants, being protected by one and
the same forbea'ing government, in the most pre-
cious of all iridustiidl privileges—that of being let
alone. Peace, plenty, prosperity, are the perennial
fruits. The wider the area of freedom and equality
the better, even though some of the laborers be bond-
men. When notions of free hade and permanent
peace began to dawn under the greatest of the
French monarchs, and he desired to associate all
Europe in one great republican confederation, it was
but an imperfect idea of what these United States
may be, with five Texian and ten Oregon States
added to the twenty-six now in union under institu-
tions of free trade, local sovereignty, and representa-
tive-government.
Whatever objection to the incorporation of Texas
there may be, they have no countenance m the be-
neficent economy of the measure.
f 2. The, territorial limits are maiked in the config-
uration of this comment by an Almighty hand. The
Platte, the Arkansas, the Red, and the Mississippi
rivers, without countingereat, though minor streams,
in that vast, terraqueous region of cotton, sugar,
lead, and other mighty staples, which have in a few
years kept pace with steam nseiiin marvellous de-
velopment—those rivers are naturally our wa'eis,
with their estuaries in the bay of IVlexico. The
stupendous deserts between the Nueces and the
Bravo riveis are the natural boundaries between the
anglo-SaX'.n nnd the Mauritanian races. There ends
the valley of the West. There Mexico begins.
Thence, beyond the Bravo, begin the Moorish peo-
ple and their Indian associates, to whom Mexico
properly belongs; who should not cross that vast
desert if they could, as on our side we, too, ought
to stop there, because interminable conflicts must
ensue eitl er our going south or their coming north
of that gigantic boundary. While peace is cherish-
ed, that boundary will be sacrcd. Not till the spirit
pf conquest rages will the people on either side mo-
lest or mix with each other, and whenever ihey do,
one or the other race must be conquered, if not extin-
guished. „
■(3. And there, if any where, in the providence of
God, may negro slavery undergo some radical im-
provement. I do no mean, in this mere preliminary
statement, more than to allude to that much-vexed
topic. But I'believe the passionate denunciation
which, on this account, met the advent of Texas
with curses, lias been much mitigated. Soberer
and better views have succeeded. Slavery^ cannot
increase by the annexation of Texas: probably the
contrary. The African race may have a chance in
Texas or neighboring Mexico, of proving that it is
not inferior to the Caucasian. In some judgments
it is the doctrine of Scripture that the African's des-
tiny is not to equal the European; at any rate, their
transplantation from Africa to the south of North
America cannot harm them.
4, The questions of right and title have been su-
perabundantly argued. Remitted as we are by the
course of events to our original right to Texas, is
theie any thing in our orennic law which forbids
reannexation? The common law of private rights
by "Remitter (2) is, where he who hath the "true
property, or jus yropriftatis, in lands, but is out of
possession thereof, and hath no rightto enter- with-
out recovering possession in an action, hath after-
wards the freehold cast upon him by some subse-
quent, and of course defective, title; in this case he is
remitted, or sent back, by operation of law, to his
ancient and more certain title. The right of entry,
which he had gained by a bad title, shall beyip?e fac-
to, annexed to his own inherent good one; and his
defeasible estate shall be utterly defeated and an-
nulled, by the instantaneous act of law, without his
participation or consent."—3 Blackstonc''s Com. 19.
[T shall merely add on this head, that if we can
acquire foreign territory by purchase or by con-
quest—if these are right appurtenant to national
sovereignty—I do not see why we may not, by act
of Congress, by compact, though it be not by trea-
ty, technically so called. Grants of money, possi-
bly wTar, are involved in the measure; which, for these
reasons, should be accomplished by act of Congress,
not by treaty.
Having thus disposed of the policy and rightto
reannex Texas, let us consider what other nations
ha\etosayto it—Mexico, Great Britain, France,
and the rest of the/ world; for we are amenable
to Russia, Austria, Prusia, Spain, Naples, Holland,
Belgium; why not to Brazil, Buenos Ayres, Chili,
and Venezuela, as to Great Britain, the most prag-
matic among the protestants against our action.
As there was a time when the United States cul-
tivated entire segregation from European connec-
tion, so now is it now our policy to prevent for-
eign interference in our affairs. Our growth, nu-
merous treaties and extensive, intercourse with near-
ly all the world, even the empire of China, (and it
has been attempted, I'believe, with that of Japan,")
have established the United Slates in the family of
nations. The administration endeavored to arrange
an American alliance to comprehend this hemisphere.
While peace and foibearance are still our interest, it
is plain that, by commerce and naval forces in every
.sea, embassies in every country, and irresistible ten-
V* dcncies, we are, though not ti meddling, ) et a mov-
ing people. '<
To Mexico we offer explanation for our incorpo-
ration of Texfw—oxplnnation v. hich she will be smN
i*fied with. 1 shall reftain from argument—from
arguing, the extent of that explanation. Although
the public correspondence between the two North
American republics has become ;m£ry, I am happy
to be authorized to ussure this il(.ir-c that those
best, acquainted with the true state of things
apprehend lit tie or no danger of war* the main
sinew of war—money—will heal the breach, and
end the controversy amicably, it affords me gicat
satisfaction to be authorized to state that hostilities
ar^aot probable with Mexico.
("With eqxial pleasure, I add, on the samp authority,
thai there is as little danger of war wuh Great
Britain. That great maritime empire, whose do-
minions controls nearly all Asia, some of Africa,
much of America, and is primary in Europe, will
not wage war with tins country for Texas. Though
perhaps desirous of close commercial alliance there,
and that slavery should he no longer suffered, yet
the present amicable relations between Great Britain
and the United States authorize the confident belief
that Texas will be no cause of quarrel between
thenaTj
fFrance likewise, as has been already made public,
willnottakeanypartinanysueh quarrel. All the. re$t
of Europe, and of the world, wisely looks on, not
indifferent, but uninterfering spectators.
Thus the reannexation of Texas will be accom-
plished in peace with all the' world, and with as
much harmony among ourselves as can be expected
of any great national measure of local action. It
has become mere matter of when and how; the
event is no longer problematical^? When a com- ■
mander-in-chief was to be selected by Congress, in
1776, John and Samuel Adams suggested Colonel
Washington, of Virginia, not so much for any great
personal merits he had then displayed, as for the
sake of uniting the South in a contest which began
in the extreme North. When war was declared, in.
1812, for injuries most felt and complained of in the
North, the South and the West went up with great
unanimity to the support of it. Why are Congress
here annually assembled, and during many months
in session, often without much performance? To
make laws* No. Most of that is done by twenty-
nine local legislatures. We come here, and we stay
here, to find and to show that we represent one na-
tion; to dispel provincial prejudices; to cultivate
national attachments; to prevent war; to preserve
peace; to interchange mutual good offices; to show
each other and all the world that we are a world by
ourselves, and disown all disunion. Texas will sig-
nalize this nationality as Louisiana did, as Maine
did, as the wars of 1776 and 1812 did. A strong
and salutary opposition there will always be to
everything. But Texas, I'predict, will prevail over
party and section.
jAll that is necessary to carry the restoration of Tex-
as is an expression by act of Congress, of national-
ity, a general expression by Congress, following
that of the country, that it is right, and ought to take
place. There is no war in this act, unless hostil-
ities be forced upon us. ft is not the way to war,
but the pledge of peace. - The treaty rejected last
session may not have been the most desirable method
of acquiring Texas. I never thought so. My
humble opinion always was that so great an event
should be signalized by act of Congress, publicly
deliberated, and enacted in all the forms that solem-
nize the most momentous legislation. Public senti-
ment should have been invited to its aid. Popular
enthusiasm would have succored the discussion,
and sanctioned the result.' But any method of ac-
quisition may be effected without war. If the treaty
had been confirmed,.in ten days afterwards all op-
position to it would have ceased, and a governor of
the territory would have repaired to his post .as
quietly as Governor Claiborne took possession of
Louisiana, and General Jacdson of Florida. The
delegate from Texas would now be here. There is
nothing to be dreaded but delnyT. Delay is imminent-
ly dangerous. There must be in Texas a great deal
of personal, selfish opposition to annexation. Many
eminent men may oppose it It needs all the sym
pathies of a kindred people to sustain the measure
against wayward and tantalizing procrastination
here, the menaces of Mcxico, and "the machinations
of other powers.
Texas is ours by locality, and by kindred
attachments. In some parts of the United States it
is common to regard the inhabitants of that marvel-
lous republic with extreme repugnance, and to de-
nounce them as outlaws, bandits, and the
offscourings of a discontented populace. But
what is the truth? Proparatoiy to this dis-
cussion I have looked somewhat into their his-
tory; and, without a single circumstance to
mislead my judgment, cannot hesitate to pronounce
them as <mhuntiy worthy of our association. Com-
paie their revolution with ours, and the first nine
years of our miserable independence with their first
nine yeais. The despised origin of Texas reminds
one of the contumely with which ours was affronted,
when Chatham said:
"When 3 our lordship*look at the p.ipns transmitted us
fimn Ameiica—when ) uu conMdei dcoei.t) , firmness,
and \\ mloin—; on cannot hat vrsp<-et *K*- jr r«.5i«ie and wi^h
to make it \ wnr ov> n Foi m\ j el! t must iU dare 3i>d avow
th'dt, in all my reacur.^ arid observation. ^nd it has been my
favorite studj ,) I tsavc joi>d 1 hueydidf-;, end have studied
and admired the mafter ^ste^men'of the world,—that, for
solidity ol reasoning, force of sagacity, and wisdom of con-
clusion, under sueli   complication of' (Llhcult circumstan-
cos, no nation or body of wn can &tand m preference to the
general Congress at i hsladelphia I trust it is obvious to
your lordships that all attempts to impose servitude upon
such men—to establish derpoihm o* er such a nation, must
be vain—must be fatal.'5
Or compare them with any other people born of a
revolution—with "England, with Holland, with
France—as those nations were when they first de-
