94
CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
pay to a very small amount upon the rates already
paid to the officers of the revenue.
Mr. HUNTINGTON read the law of 1799, and
then stated that the present bill made no addition to,
or alteration of, that law, but merely supplied its
amission to authorize a just and reasonable increase
of pay for increased services.
" Sir* DAYTON said, if he understood the bill, it
not only proposed this increase of pay prospective-
ly, but retrospectively; and he was at a loss to con-
ceive* Why the 3ist of December, 1835, should be
fixed upon in preference to any prior date for its re-
trospective action. The general law, it appeared,
had been in existence since 1799; and what was to
prevent revenue officers employed in the naval ser-
vice occasionally, from that time to 1835, from
claiming this increase, as well as those so employed
from 1835 to the present time? To make any dis-
tinction would be invidious and unjust. He was
opposed to this retrospective provision; and, unless
it was stricken out, should vote against the bill.
Mr. BAYARD explained that the year 1835
was fixed upon to include the cases of officers of the
revenue employed during the Florida war in the
naval service on the coast of that Territory. The
bill originally was reported (some two or three
sessions back) specially for the relief of those offi-
cers who had memorialized Congress on the sub-
ject. The committee, in considering this matter,
conceived a provision ought to be added to the spe-
cial bill, which would make its operation general in
future, which was the origin of the second or pro-
spective section. Thus the Senate would see that it
was not the prospective section that formed the
foundation of the bill, but the special claims of rev-
enue officers, transferred to the naval service, and
their co-operating, occasionally, since 1835.
Mr. CRITTENDEN did not profess to be con-
versant with these matters/but it appeared to him
very plain that persons appointed to the revenue
service took the employment well satisfied with the
salaries allowed them, and subject to a'l the contin-
gencies of the service. If it was one of those con-
tingencies that they should, under the direction of
the President, occasionally co-operate with the na-
val service, how could they possibly have any
claim for an increase of pay, growing out of the ful-
filment of that condition? Why should they expect
to be considered naval officers, or to be paid like offi-
cers of the navy? kuch was no part of their engage-
ment. It seemed to him that, to rank captains of
revenue cutters with captains of the navy, or to pay
them as captains of the navy are paid, would be a
dangerous innovation. He was entirely opposed
to the retrospective provision of this bill; and unless
it was stricken out, he should vote against the whole
thing.
Mr. DAYTON moved to strike out the second
section, (containing the retrospective provision.)
Mr. HUNTINGTON had no further interest or
solicitude concerning this provision, than that sug-
gested by the good policy and justice of remune-
rating public officers fairly for the services requited
of them. He recapitulated at considerable length
the facts and grounds on which the provisions of the
bill were framed, and urged the propriety of retain-
ing the second clause as it now stood.
Mr. BAYARD explained that the proposition, so
far from being to rank or pay these revenue officers,
as officers of the navy, was merely to increase, by a
very small amount, their salaries while temporarily
co-operating in the naval service. For instance:
a captain of a cutter, in the revenue service,
is already entitled to $1,200 a year; and the bill pro-
poses to make his salary $1,500, while co-operating
with the navy. First lieutenants to have $1,200;
second lieutenants $1,100; and third lieutenants
$1,000. Now this was very different from the pay
in the naval service, where the lieutenants on
service have $1,800 a year.
Mr. DAYTON had no special objection to the
first section of the bill which related to the prospect-
ive increase of pay, as stated by the chairman of the
Committee on Naval Affairs. Hut he had the
strongest objection to the retrospective section, and
could not support the bill unless it was stricken
out.
Mr. BAYARD observed that the special papers,
memorials, &c., on which the bill originally was
founded, had been that moment handed to him;
and in order that he should have time to look them
over, he would suggest the propriety of passing over
the b.11 informally, and-letting it come up again in
its regular order, when he should be better prepared
to explain the matter-
The further consideration of the matter was ac-
cordingly postponed.
Several communications from the executive de-
partments were read by their titles and laid on the
tabic; the question of printing, with respect to some
of them, being referred to the Committee on Print-
The bill fortlie relief of Asa Andrews next coming
up in order, as in committee of the whole, it was
read, when, it being found that it involved the same
principle as the bill for the relief of Miles King,
On motion of Mr. BERRIEN, it was, in conse-
quence of the absence of the senator from North
Carolina [Mr. Haywood} postponed.
The following: bills then came up in order, and
were respectively considered, and ordered to be en-
grossed and read a third time, viz:
A bill to consolidate and amend the acts in relation
to the pensions of widows and orphans of naval offi-
cers, seamen, and marines.
A bill declaring the assent of Congress to the
State of Illinois to impose a tax upon all lands here-
after sold by the United States, from and after the
time of such sale.
A bill to confirm the survey and location of claims
for lands m the State of Mississippi, east of the
Pearl-river, and south of the 31° of north latitude.
A bill to relinquish the reversionary interest of the
United States in certain Indian reservations in the
State of Alabama.
On motion of Mr. DAYTON,
The Senate then ad journed.
HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES.
Monday, January 6, 1845.
Mr. R. SMITH asked leave to introduce resolu-
tions of the legislature of the State of Illinois, in-
structing their senators and requesting their repre-
sentatives in Congress to use their influence to pro-
cure an appropriation for the speedy completion of
the Cumberland road; which being objected to, was
not received.
Mr. HAMMETT moved to suspend the rules, for
the House to go into Committee of the Whole on
the state of the Union.
Mr. HALE asked the gentleman to allow him
first to introduce the resolutions of the legislature of
New Hampshire, relative to the subjcct undercon-
sideratiod in Committee of the Whole.
Mr. R. SMITH said he should object, unless the
same privilege was extended to him of presenting
the resolutions of Illinois.
TEXAS.
Mr. HAMMETT accordingly persisted in his
motion, which was put, and carried; and the House
resolved itself into Committee of the Whole on the
state of the Union, (Mr. Hopkins of Virginia in
the Chair,) and resumed the consideration of the
joint resolution providing for the reannexation of
Texas to the Union.
Mr. WINTHROP, who had the floor, after some
preliminary remaiks, observed that the gentleman
from Pennsylvania [Mr. C. J. Ivulr&oll] had
called on him for arguments, and was paiticularly
pleased to caution him against mere declamation.
He would have been better pleased jf the gentleman
had given him an example instead of a precept, and
if he had given him something in favor of this meas-
ure better than a string of bold assertions. The
gentleman from Alabama [Mr PayxlJ was also
equally anxious for argument, and opposed to dec-
lamation. That gentleman, when he addressed the
committee, said that he was not about to entertain
them with a mere 4th of July oration: he was for
nothing but argument. Now, with great deference
to that gentlemen, he would say that this was an
occasion on which nothing better could be offered
than a 4th of July oration. When gentlemen weie
forgetting their own country, and their own consti-
tution, and flew off to foreign lands and foreign in-
terests, it seemed to him that some reference to the
4th of July, some remembrance of the days of our
fathers, when Massachusetts, Virginia, and South
Carolina were bound together by united councils,
by equal hopes and hazards, in the glorious enter-
prise of establishing the freedom of the country,
would be appropriate and useful. It seemed to him
that some remembrance of the opinions of our fathers,
and particularly their opinions as to what constitutes
the area of freedom, and some of their opinions
about slavery, too, would be peculiarly necessary
on this occasion.
One of the greatest complaints made by our fa-
thers of the revolution against the British government.
was that it considered slavery a good and a blessing;
that it had refused its assent to acts of the colonies
fonts suppression; that it reprimanded the governor
of South Carolina for having given his assent to
one of those acts. It seemed to him that arguments
on this question more particularly belonged to those
who maintained the affirmative of the proposition,
and not to those who were opposed to it, It. was for
those who contemplated so momentous a cHange in
our system—who were for running off for foreign
lands and foreign alliances—it was for those who
sought to jeopard the peace and union of the coun-
try, m order to find a mo;e ample theatre for their
transcendental patriotism, to furnish arguments to
sustain them. It was for them to make out their
case. It was for them to show the policy of the
act, and to point out the precise terms in which it
was to be consummated. For us, (said Mr. W .)
who desire no change, who are content with the
country as it is, and with the constitution as it is—
whose whole policy looked to the aggrandizement
of the country by internal developments, and not by
foreign acquisitions, we want no arguments. It is
only necessary for us to content ourselves by sitting
quietly in our seats, and answer, as the old barons
of England did, nolunms leges An^luc mulaii. 'j§ir,
(saidjMr. W.,) we have the constitution. That con-
stitution is one of limited powers, and of specific
giants of power. That constitution contains tho
clause that the powers therein enumerated shall
not be construed to deny or disparage others
retained by the people; and it also contained the
clause that the powers not thereby granted are re-
served to the States or to the people.
^ Now it was for those who contended for the an-
nexation of a foreign territory, to show that the
power they attempt to exercise is contained in the
grant. It was not for them to rely on the feeblnes*
of those who dissented from that proposition, but
to seek for arguments to support their own cause.
He was not at all astonished that the friends of this
measure should have desired to throw off the load
of argument from their own shoulders, and impose
it on their opponents. Having tried all the mean6
in their power of reconciling the difficulties among
themselves in regard to the accomplishment of this
maasure; having tried the ultima ratio of a letter
from the Hermitage in vain, the old Roman cement
having lost its binding force, their last hopes weio
that the blows of their enemies might, more suc-
cessfully than the love pats of their friends, knock
their project into some shape that would render it
acceptable to all. It seemed to be supposed by them
that some anti-slavery feeling would manifest itself
in the course of the debate, in such sudden and
violent outbursts as to compel certain southern
members to give their votes for this measure, or
their States to send other members here in their
places next session, who would be more complai-
nant. For himself, he was not disposed to minister
to this feelmg. Though he had no hesitation in
saying that one of the grounds of his opposition to
the annexation of Texas was, that it would result ill
the extension of slavery, and if his hour held out,
he should treat it in connection with the question of
slavery, yet he would do it in entiredefeience to the
constitution of the United States, which he was
sworn to support He should do it with the entire ad-
mission, which no noithern statesman has ever with-
held, that so far as slavery exits in the States of the
Union, this government had no light whatever to
interfere.
jJjfcWas impossible for him to realize the fact that
this subject was actually before the House for dis-
cussion. The introduction of a vast foreign nation
into our boundaries—the naturalization of some
thousands of Texians, as well as Mexicans—the
introduction of 25.000 slaves into the Union in defi-
ance of tiie constitution, which prohibits it—the
admission of a territory not only of a aht sufficient
to create two or three new States, but of a capacity
to disturb the orbits of all the other eisrs, and dine
them into a new centre towards other suns, and all
this, too, by one simple act of legislation, was a thing
so monstrous as almost to exceed belief. What was
it? It was a measure devised by a Chief Magistrate
who was not the choicc of the people, but who was
the Chief Magistrate by accident, for his own ambi-
tious views. It was rejected bv the Senate, after
mature deliberation, and a thorough discussion; and
it was now brought forward, after an hour's con-
sultation in the Committee on Foreign Affairs, and
was to be passed with as little consideration as was
ordinarily bestowed on an act to grant a salary or
create an office i
