COMGttESSlOMAl, GLOBE.
iff
PUBLISHED BY BLAIR AND RIVES, AT ONE DOLLAR' PER SESSION, IN ADYANCE.
28th Cong 2d Sess.
WEDNESDAY, JANUARY 8, 1845.
Volume 14....No. 7.
[Continued from No. 6.]
.neceswv and proper to admit new States. The
gentler from Massachusetts [Mr. Winthrop]
told th trti that the acquisition of territory was a con-
tract with a foreign nation, and all contracts with
•foreign nations were treaties, and belonged to the
treaty-making power; but he (Mr. Douglass) ap-
pealed to the House if such a position was tenable.
He apprehended that all contracts with foreign na-
tions were not treaties. Congress could borrow
money: the power was a general one-. Congress
pould borrow money from a bank, an individual, or
a foreign nation. To borrow money from a foreign
nation was a contract, but it was not a treaty within
the meaning of the constitution. The constitution
said Congress may admit newStates into the Union:
Congress might, therefore, exercise the powers
necessary to carry that provision into effect.- There
were, however, several ways in which territory
could be acquired; one was by treaty, and another
was by act of Congress. The acquisition of terri-
tory was an incident of the law-making pcfwer.
Another mode of acquisition was by discovery, and
another still by conquest; but when new States were
admitted, the constitution said it should be by Con-
gress, and by Congress alone.
He was one of those who believed that there was
nothing to fear from the acquisition of freemen to
the States of this Union, or of territory1 to this re-
public; and while he would not violate treaty stipu-
lations in any respect, or the laws of nations, he did
say that he would use all legal means to extend the
territory of this republic from the Atlantic to the Pa-
cific, and drive from this continent the last vestige of
any foreign power.
Here the Chairman's hammer fell, to warn him of
the expiration of his allotted hour.
' Mr. CLINGMAN next obtained the floor, and
said it was not his intention to enter into the consti-
tutional argument in relation to the annexation of
Texas at the present time. He knew nothing was
to grow out of this discussion; for he understood it
was only intended to make political capital for the
southern elections. He should therefore treat it on
its real, and not on its assumed merits. He then en-
tered into a review of the measures of the last ses-
sion, more particularly the action of the House on
the 25th rule, which had now been repealed in si-
lence. He next referred to what he alleged were
inconsistencies of the democratic party on the sub-
jects of the tariff and of Texas, and then made some
comments on the democratic nomination of Mr. Bir-
ney in Michigan, and his national nomination by
the abolitionists.
/v'Mr. C. further named, as adventitious advantages
which the democracy had enjoyed at the recent
election, the support of foreigners, and particularly
of Catholic foreigners—the aid of the present "acci-
dental" administration, which, among its other
levies on its officers to further the cause of democ-
racy at the late election, had raised §15,000 in the
custom house at New York alone in three assess-
ments.
All these things had not been sufficient to bring
about the desired result; but as they (the demo-
crats) had known that the constitution provided no
mode of testing the legality of an election, and that
whatever votes came in would be counted, they
had determined to secure a sufficient number of il-
legal votes to turn the scale. Mr. C. said the
first demonstration was at the Maryland elec-
> tion; that in Baltimore fifty men had been
convicted of double voting—who were were every
one democrats, and who had been pardoned by his
democratic excellency Gov. Thomas. He next
came to New York, where he said 7,000 foreigners
had been naturalized by their opponents during the
last y^ar, many of whom had not been in the coun-
try six months.
Mr. LEONARD here interposed for the purpose
of explanation. The statement, he said, was entire-
ly without foundation.
Mr. CLINGMAN declined to yield the floor on
account i f the shortness of his hour. He had got
his information from what he regarded a good
source; lut if the gentleman from New York, or
any other gentleman, could show that he was wrong,
he ihould be glad of it; for *n inrestifation of th«.
matter was what he wanted. His desire was to
raise a committee to investigate the matter.
Mr. C. next proceeded to speak of the "Empire
Club" of New York city, and to characterize it,
and particularly its officers, as an assembly of gam-
blers, pick-pockets, and persons under indictment—
in some cases under several indictments, for murder
and various other crimes. This club, he said, had
followed their own avocations very quietly, until
some of the democrats had concluded that it might
be made to furnish them with efficient aid; and they,
in co-operation, had prepared an extensive scheme
of fraud, double voting, &c. He had a letter from
a gentleman assuring him that it could be made to
appear that some had voted as many as sixteen
times; and it was admitted, he said, by some of their
party, that they. had calculated to give fourteen
thousand illegal votes, but that they had not been
able to secure but eleven thousand. He alleged that
it had been arranged that the sailors on board the
North Carolina ship of the line, moored at the
Brooklyn wharf, should go on shore and vote forthe
gentleman representing Brooklyn, [Mr. Murphy;]
but that, by some mistake, they had been carried to
the opposite side, and had given their votes in New
York; the consequence of which was, that the gen-
tleman from Brooklyn was defeated, while his col-
league from the New York side was elected.
Mr. MURPHY addressed the Chair, and at-
tempted to obtain opportunity for explanation; but
Mr. CLINGMAN persisted in refusing to yield
the floor, alleging, as reason therefor, the shortness
of his time.
He further proceeded to refer to the alleged
frauds in Albany, whither voters were said to have
been transferred from Philadelphia; in St. Lawrenoe
county, which had given at the late election 1,500
votes more than ever before; and in Jefferson and
other counties. An investigation, he believed,
would show the same state of things in Pennsyl-
vania, in Louisiana, (where in one parish more
votes at the recent election had been cast than the
whole number of inhabitants, according to the last
census,) and in Georgia.
Mr. E. J. BLACK, interposed, and declared with
emphasis that, with reference to Georgia at least,
this was totally false.
Mr. CLINGMAN. He was very glad to hear
the gentleman this denial; he had not declared this
as a positive fact which he could vouch for, but
nevertheless, he was strongly induced to believe it—
to believe that these four States had been lost by
fraud to the whigs.
He had referred to these things to show that, but
for this extraordinary combination of events, the
party would not have triumphed; and he believed
such a result might another time be prevented. Capt.
Tyler was an accident, such as we might not see in
100 years again; the abolitionists had defeated them-
selves; such had been their course that a strong
feeling had been aroused against them, and they
were sinking into contempt everywhere. He also
repeated the charge of "British gold" having leeen
employed to the support of a paper in defence
of free-trade doctrines. There might not be, he
continued, many of these influences again; but there
would always be some new humbug. They (the
whigs) must therefore adopt an efficient system of
party organization—not to prac'ise frauds, but to
prevent them; and, doing this, they would trinr.it>h.
Mr. C. proceeded to speak of the difficulties
which he considered likely to arise in the dem-
ocratic party—not so much, he apprehended,
with reference to particular measures, as to the dis-
tribution of the spoils of office between the northern
and southern portions of the democratic party. In
case the northern democrats succeeded in this con-
test over their southern brethren, their consciences
would be easy, and they couid vote for annexation;
but in that case the tariff would be exceedingly bur-
densome to the southern portion, and Mr. Calhoun's
going out would be the signal to them for nullifica-
tion. As to Mr. Calhoun, looking at his course for
the past thirteen years, saving vhe time when he
was in union with the democratic party, in hope of
getting their vote for the presidency, whether they
looked at his course on the tariff, nullification, or
annexation, it was precisely the tour?? iyhi®b  nf
judicious roan would take were he desirous to break
down the Union, and establish a southern con-
federacy. Mr. C. advanced the conjecture that Mr.
Calhoun would be continued for a season by tytr.
Polk, on the ground that he was engaged in an im-
portant negotiatiori; and'in the mean time office would
be given to his followers sufficient to secure "the
chivalry" to the support of the administration; after
which he would perhaps be disposed of with a for-
eign mission, with a seat in the Senate, or, Cincin-
nati! s like, would be allowed to return to the plough.
He proceeded to canvass the prospects of the op-
posing political parties in some of the States. He
pronounced North Carolina, Tennessee, Louisiana,
and Georgia safe for the whigs; and he declared that
his party were safe everywhere. He launched into a
denunciation of the means used by their opponents
in the' late canvass, declaring that the democrats had
selected an obscure man who could be on every
side of every question; and that, in so doing, they
had done great injury to the country, the fact going
to discourage manly patriotism and statesmanship;
Our party, said he, have been defeated because
they were too honest, too open, [laughter] too man-
ly in their avowal of principles.
Mr. C. concluded his remarks with a highly-col-
ored eulogy on Mr. Clay, contending that the world
did not contain a purer patriot or more enlightened
statesman.
Mr. YANCEY then obtained the floor, and on
his motion the committee rose and reported progress.
appropriation bills.
Mr. McKAY, from the Committee of Ways and
Means, reported the following bills; which were
read the first and second time, and referred to the
Committee of the Whole on the state of the Union:
A bill making appropriations for the current and
contingent expenses of the Indian department, and
for fulfilling treaty stipulations with various Indian
tribes, for the fiscal year commencing the 1st July,
1845, and ending the 30th June, 1846.
A bill making appropriations for the payment of
revolutionary and other pensioners for the year end-
ing the 30th June, 1846.
A bill making appropriations for the support of
the military academy for the year ending the 30th
June, 1846; and
A bill making appropriations for the service of
the Post Office Department for the year ending the
30th June, 1846.
The following bills, which were ontheir engross-
ment, were ordered to be engrossed, and were read a
third time, and passed:
A bill for the relief of the.owner and crew of th*
schooner Success.
A bill for the relief of Samuel B. Folger.
A bill for the relief of Samuel B. Tuck.
A bill for the relief of Wllliam Augustus Atlee-
A bill for the relief of George M. Jones.
A bill for the relief of Daniel Dean.
american seamen.
Mr. McKAY, from the Committee of Ways and
Means, submitted the following resolution; which
was considered and agreed to:
Resolved, That the Secretary of State be directed to com-
municate to this House all such information, in possession
of the department, as may tend to show the causes ot the
increased expenditure lor the relief and protection
American rearren m foreign countries, with tabular state-
rnents oi the a.toiints extended at the various consulate*
for ft scries oi years, tile number of seamen relieved at
each of the consulates the amo-tnt accounted for by each
of the consuls 3s received by them on account of seamen
(U<;ctiare;ed m toreign countnes; together with all suck
other miormation as he may possess, and such suggestions a*
he may otter for the amendment of the system now in opera-
tion.
Mr. ANDREW JOHNSON, on leave, and in
pursuance of notice given, introduced a bill for the
relief Zachanah Simmons and Joseph Cruymiller;
which was twice read, and referred to the Committee
on Invalid Pensions.
admission of texas.
Mr. McDOWELL, in pursuance of notice given,
obtained leave and introduced a bill admitting the
republic of Texas as a State into the Union of the
United States of America: read twice, and referred
to the Committee of the whole on the state at th«
Vftioa.
