CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
ILLINOIS ROADS.
Mr. FICKLIN presented two resolutions of the
legislature of Illinois, asking for a grant of land to
aid that State in the completion of certain roads.
-Mr. BURKE asked leave to present certain reso-
lutions of the legislature of New Hampshire, in re-
lation to the imprisonment of Governor Dorr.
The House then adjourned.
The following notices of petitions, presented to-
day, were handed to the reporters by the menders
presenting them:
By Mr. MOSELEY: The petition of citizens ef Buffalo,
New York, for an appropriation for a seal wall to protect
Buffalo harbor.
By Mr. ROBERT SMITH: The petition of L. E. Owen
and other citizens of Randolph county, Illinois, praying
Congress to exercise ail its constitutional power for the lib-
eration of Thomas Wilson Dorr, and to reinstate him in all
his natural and political rights as a citizen of the State of
Rhode Island, and of the United States: referred to the se-
lect committee to whom was referred the memorial of cer-
tain members of the legislature of Rhode Island.
By Mr. BOWLIN: The petition, and documents in support
thereof, of William Tk-iplett, of St. Louis, Missouri, praying
that he may be confirmed in his pre-emption, entry, and that
the President be directed to issue him a patent therefor, in
conformity to his certificate of entry: referred to the Com-
mittee on Public Lands. The petition and documents of
Richard M. Livingston, the heir and administrator of Col-
onel James Livingston, of the New York continental line,
praying compensation for revolutionary services: referred
to the Committee on Revolutionary Claims.
By Mr. RELFE: The petition of Nathan Rowley and
forty-five others, citizens of Indiana, Illinois, and Missouri,
praying Congress for a grant of unsold lands in the Vin-
cennes district, to complete the Wabash and Erie canal: re-
ferred to the Committee of the Whole House on the state of
the Union.
By Mr. HUGHES: The memorial of the board of alder-
men of the city of St. Louis, pTaying Congress for an addi-
tional appropriation to complete the work already begun on
the harbor at St. Louis, the more effectually to secure it
from the dangers now threatening it. The petition of Peth*
u«l Foster, of Missouri, praying Congress to allow him a pen-
sion from July, 1814, at which time he received a wound
whilst in the service of his country during the late war
with Great Britain.
By Mr, FRENCH: The petition and papers of Samuel
Dickaon, praying for a pension: referred to the Committee
fi>n Invalia Pensions.
By Mr. SCHENCK: The memorial of Wm. F. Farshall and
' 50 other citizens of Warren county, Ohio, for a reduction
of postage to the standard proposed by the late report of
the Postmaster General.
By Mr. FOSTER: Petition of J.K. Moorehead and 26 oth-
ers, citizens of western Pennsylvania, praying for the open-
ing of a ship canal around the falls of St. Mary's, at the out-
l«t of Lake Superior: referred to the Committee on Roads
wad Canals. Petition of Jacfob Libengood for a pension: re-
ferred to the Committee onRe&'®lutionary Pensions.
By Mr. CALEB B. SMITH: Petition of Je«;se H. Healy,
heir at law of Hugh Healy, John Healy, and Patrick Healy,
praying a grant of land as a compensation for services ren-
dered by his ancestors in the revolutionary war.
By J. A. WRIGHT: Petition of Samuel Long and 75 oth-
ers, citizens of Clay county, Indiana, asking for a grant of
land to continue tne Wabash and Erie canal Irom Terre
Haute to Evansville: referred to the Committee of the
Whole on the state of the Union.
By Mr. DUNLAP: Two petitions of the cititizens of the
JState of Maine for a light-house. onMark Island, at the en-
trance of Harpwell sound.
By JOHN STEWART: The petition of the heirs of Lieut.
Ebenezer Jackson, deceased, for commutation pay: referred
to the Committee on Revolutionary Pensions. Also the pe-
tition of Levi Durand and others for the passage of a law m
relation to the Smithsonian bequest: referred to the Com-
mittee on the Library.
By Mr. BURKE: The petition of Henry J. Duff and 129
others, aaturalized citizens of Rhode Island, praying Con-
gress to pass a law to remedy the recent misconstructions
of the naturalization laws by the courts of the State of
Rhode Island.
By Mr. HARALSON: Two petitions—one of L, C. Cand-
1 er and 38 others, and the other of W. S. Griftin and 65 oth-
ers, citizens of Carroll, Coweta, Pike, and adjoining coun-
ties of Georgia—praying the establishment or certain mail
routes therein nanjea, together with an accompanying map:
referred to the Committee of the Whole House on the state
of the Union,
By Mr.CATLIN: The memorial of Roswell Moulton and
175 others, citizens of Windham, Connecticut, remonstra-
ting against the annexation of Texas to the Union: referred
to the Committee on Foreign Affairs. Also the memorial of
Seth Jillson and 177 others, citizens of Windham, Connecti-
cut, praying for the abolition of slavery in the District of
Columbia: referred to the Committee for the District of Co-
lumbia.
By Mr. HUDSON: Remonstrance of Ezra Batchelloc and
others, of North Brookfield, Massachusetts, and of Cyrus
P. Grosvenor and others, of Southhridge, Massachusetts,
both against the annexation of Texas. The petition of Wil-
liam Adams and others, of North Brookfield, Massachusetts,
for the repeal of all laws which uphold slavery m the Dis-
trict and Territories.
By Mr. E.S.HAMLIN: The petition of | J. P. Sinnott and
72 others, praying for an appropriation of sixteen thousand
dollars to complete the harbor at Charleston, at the mouth
of Black river, Lorain county, Ohio. Also the petition of
O. W.White and 118 others; and the petition ofH. Culver
and 160 others; and the petition of O. L. Mason and 124 oth-
ers, praying for a like appropriation to complete said
harbor.
pj Mr, SCHENCK: Th® petition of John R. Bold, of Mi-
ami Scounty, Ohio, praying for an increase of his pension:
referred to the Committee on Invalid Pensions.
By Mr. MURPHY: The petition of Eli Merrill, of the city
of Brooklyn, in the State of New York, praying that he may
locate a quarter section of land in surrender of a patent of
land granted him for services in the late war with Great
Britain: referred to the Committee on Private Land Claims.
By Mr. FISH: The petition ofWm.G. Sanders, for com-
pensation for building burned.
By Mr. MACLAY: The petition of Wm. Gilsin and many
other citizens, ofNew York, for the passage of a law giv-
ing to every settler, not possessed of other lands, a farm of
reasonable size, the tenure of which shall be actual use and
possession.
IN SENATE.
Tuesday, January 7, 1845.
The PRESIDENT pro tem. laid before the Senate
a communication from the War Department, trans-
mitting a statement exhibiting the names and com-
pensation of clerks and other persons employed in
that department, for the year 1844. Also, a com-
munication from the Indian bureau, in that depart-
ment, making a like exhibit; which were ordered to
lie on the table.
Also laid before the Senate the- report of the
Commissioner of Public Buildings; .which,
On motion by Mr. WOODBURY, was ordered to
lie on the table, and be printed, r-* '
Mr. BARROW presented a petition from Clif-
ford, Garr, and others, and the petition of the West-
ern Marine Fire Insurance Company and others,
of New Orleans,severally praying for appropriations
for the erection of light-houses on the coast of
Florida: referred to the Committee on Com-
merce.
Mr. ARCHER presented a memorial from a
number of citizens of Montgomery county Penn-
sylvania, praying for reform in the naturalization
laws: referred to the Committee on the Judiciary.
Mr. HUGER presented the petition of Francis
Sumter, administrator de bonis non of General
Thomas Sumter, deceased, praying the reimburse-
ment of money advanced to the United States by
the said Thomas Sumter during the revolutionary
war: referred to the Committee on Revolutionary
Claims.
Also presented a petition from John Sfrohecker
and others, residing in Charleston, South Carolina,
praying that the money which they were com-
pelled to pay for the insurance on a vessel and car-
go of slaves, which vessel was forced by stress of
weather into Bermuda, and there seized and detain-
ed by the local authorities, may be reimbursed to
to them by the United States: referred to the Com-
mittee on Foreign Relations.
Mr. TAPPAN presented a protest of sundry citi-
zens of Harrison county, Ohio, against the annex-
ation of Texas to the United States, unless done by
the consent of all the sovereign States, and slavery
forever prohibited: referred to the Committee on
Foreign relations.
Mr. BERRIEN presented the memorial of the
chamber of commerce of Savannah, praying that a
ratable charge be made for all matter conveyed by
mail; that letters be charged by weight; that all let-
ters be prepaid by stamp; that the franking priv-
ilege be abolished except when connected with the
business of the government; that the franking priv-
ilege be abolished, and members in lieu of it, be fur-
nished with stamps by the government: ordered^to
lie on the table, the bill being now before the Sen-
ate.
Mr. WOODBURY presented a memorial from R.
E. Buchanan and others, inhabitants of Alexandria,
District of Columbia, praying that the charter of
that town be so amended as to extend the right of
suffrage: referred to the Committee on the District
of Columbia.
Also presented a petition praying amendments to
the pension laws: referred to the Committee on Fen-
sions.
Mr. EVANS- presented a memorial from Edward
S. Osgood, praying to be released from the payment
of a certain judgment obtained against him by the
United States: referred to the Judiciary Committee.
Mr. NILES presented a petition from the Hart-
ford and New Haven railroad company, praying
for the remission of duty on certain railroad iron
which they have already paid: referred to the Com-
mittee on Finance.
Mr. FOSTER of New York gave notice of his
retention to ask leave to introduce a bill to-morrow—
iile not heard.
Mr. ATCHISON presented a petition of the peo-
ple of Audrain county, also asking for the eatab-
le lishmtnt of a mail route from Savannah to CoeJct
and Moore's Mills, &c.; which was referred, to the
Committee on the Post Office and Post Roaeds.
Mr. BATES, from the Committee on Pensions,
reported a bill for the relief of Joseph Simmons;
which was read, and ordered to a second reading,
and the report accompanying to be printed.
Mr. BAGBY, on leave, introduced a bill author-
izing the Solicitor of the Treasury to compromise
and settle with the sureties of John H. Owens, late
receiver of the public moneys in- Alabama; which
was read twice, and referred to the Committee on
Finance.
Also, on leave, a bill authorizing the Secretary of
the Treasury to cause to be erected, or to purchase
a suitable building in the city of Mobile, for a court-
house for the southern district of, Alabama^ which
was read twice, and referred to the Committee on
the Judiciary.
LAND CLAIMS IN LOUISIANA.
The joint resolution from the House of Repre-
sentatives in relation to the issuing of certain grants
for certain lands in Louisiana, was taken up and
read twice, and the question being on its reference—
Mr. JOHNSON stated that it related to matter
which required the immediate action of Congress;
and he hoped, therefore, the Senate, instead of re-
ferring it, would proceed to its consideration at
once.
Here a general call was made for the reading of
the resolution in full; and it was read accordingly, as
follows:
Resolved, That the issuance of grants or other evidences
of title upon a Spanish land claim in the State of Leuisiana,
lying on the Mississippi-, above New Orleans, ommonly
known as the Houma claim, be, and the same are hereby,
prohibited until the further order of Congress in relation
thereto.
Mr. J. then explained that a disputed claim to
these lands had been repeatedly before Congress for
many years back, and remained yet unsettled, the
parties being claimants on the one side under an old
Spanish grant, and on the other side persons who
had entered and paid for these lands to the United
States, without any patents hitherto having been is-
sued to either. On reaching Washington this
session, he had learned with susprise that the
Secretary of the Treasury had issued patents
to the claimants under the Spanish grant
for a portion of the lands and ordered patents to be
prepared for the remainder—the larger portion; the
whole grant being of such magnitude as to be
bounded by a line of 190 hundred miles in circuit,
and composing 190,000 acres of the public domain.
The object of the joint resolution was to suspend
the issue of the patents in preparation, until Con-
gress decided between the disputed claims. The
subject admitted of no delay, as the Secretary of
the Treasury might, in his view of the case, issue
the patents this very day or to-morrow, unless called
upon not to do so. He had addressed the Secretary
ot the Treasury on the subject, and had not as yet
an answer: he had also, some two or three weeks
ago, submitted a resolution calling upon him for a
report in relation to this matter, which the Senate
had not yet received. In view of all that he had
stated, he conceived the delay of a reference should
be avoided; and the joint resolution ought to be
acted upon promptly if it was expected to be of any
utility.
Mr. BARROW was not prepared, on such a sud-
den requisition to decide how he should vote in re-
lation to the joint resolution; and would, therefore,
prefer that it should take the usual course of refer-
ence. He was not prepared to adopt any course
which, without evidence or due knowledge of the
facts, should imply that a high functionary of the
government had not acted as he is bound to actm
conformity to the laws controlling his department.
If that functionary had—as no doubt he had—ma-
turely considered the whole matter and ascertained
that he was acting in conformity with his duty, he
(Mr. B.,) cared not what his decision was, provided
it was just as respects the rights of the parties con-
cerned and the laws of the United States. He
thought the resolution shouM take the usual course,
and go to an appropriate committee.
Mr. JOHNSON explained that the resolution
would not annul any act done by the Secretary of
the Treasury; it would only suspend his action for
the present m relation to patents not yet issued, but
about to be issued.
The CHAIR explained that now the resolution
could hardly be considered as in the ordinary course
of reference—the Senate having called for its second
reading; which having t&ktm place, the resolution
