TOO
CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
best desks in the House. The observation which he
(the Speaker) desired to make now was, that the
gentleman from North Carolina was mistaken in
the statement which he had made, for he presumed
that, gentleman referred to'a reporter for an abolition
paper of the name of Leavitt.
Mr. CLINGMAN said that was the person he
alluded to.
. The SPEAKER continued to observe, that no
seat had been assigned to that person, either at the
last or at the present session.
Mr. CLINGMAN said he had seen the man
Sseated here; and seeing him here at this session, and
knowing that he was not here at the last session, he
presumed the Speaker knew that he was here, and
that he was here by permission of the Speaker.
The SPEAKER explained, that at the commence-
ment of a session there were some 30 or more desks
to be distributed among the appliaants, and it took
some time to make a proper distribution of them;
and until the desks were assigned, there was no
order given to prevent any gentleman (who was a
reporter) from entering the hall. But since the seats
had been assigned, none but those to whom they
were assigned were permitted to enter the hall.
Mr. CLINGMAN said he understood the re-
porter was expressly refused a seat at the last ses-
sion; but seeing him here at the present session, he
had not expected that he was here in violation
of the standing rule of the House. As, however,
he had done the Speaker injustice, he regretted it,
and was happy to hear this explanation.
Here the conversation dropped.
THE HOUMA LAND CLAIM.
Mr. C. JOHNSON said he was desirous of pre-
senting to the consideration of the House an oc-
currence in one of the departments of the govern-
ment, since the last session of Congress, which he
thought required the immediate action of the House;
and if the House would permit him to do so, he
would now state the facts as he had heard them, and
as he believed to be true, and he would propose a
remedy.
["Leave, leave," to do so, was heard from every
part of the hall.]
Mr. JOHNSON proceeded. The House would
recollect that, at the last session, Congress passed a
Jaw authorizing suits to be brought against the
United States, by certain Spanish land claimants, by
a revival of the a®t of 1824; that he had opposed the
passage of that law, for the reason that there was no
ground of claim, in most cases, which those inter-
ested then wished "to bring before the courts. The
bill bad, however, l>een'passed, and was now the
law. The claimants in one of the cases, instead of
prosecuting the claim before the federal courts, un-
der the law, had again presented the case to the
Secretary of the Treasury; and the present Secreta-
ry had decided in behalf of the claimants, and had
ordered patents to issue, and that patents had issued
under the order of the Secretary, for some fifty or
sixty thousand acres; and that the clerks in the de-
partment were now engaged in the preparation of
patents for the balance of the land, which he under-
stood would probably exceed three hundred thou-
sand acres, and worth to the government between
one and two millions of dollars; part of which had
been sold by the Spanish government, and patented
long after the date of the claim now set up. The
United States had sold much of the land, which
was now in the possession of a large number of our
citizens—he understood one hundred and forty or
fifty. The decision of the Secretary, if carried into
effect, would involve the government, as well as the
citizens resident on the land, m great trouble, ex-
pense, and loss.
Mr. J. said that the decision of the present Sec-
retary had struck him with great surprise. He had
occasion to examine this claim, as a member of one
of the committees of the House, some years ago;
and if he did not misrecollect the facts, the claim
had been decided against, over and over, by all the
officers of the government, since the purchase of
Louisiana. The claim had been rejected originally
by Mr. Gallatin, the then Secretary of the Treas-
ury, who, he had no doubt, better understood the
land laws applicable to Louisiana, than any other
man in the nation. The claim had been rejected by
all the land officers, so far as he recollected, and also
very often by committees of Congress. From the
examination which he had made, he entertained not
a doubt, that there not the slightest ground of com-
plaint against the government; yet, notwithstanding
pi! these decisions, and the law of last session, the
present Secretary had taken up the case, decided it
at once, and given away property of the government,
worth but little short of two millions of dol'ftrs.
Mr. J. said that he had called at the department,
aud had given a slight examination of the papers,
but had not called for them regularly through the
House, because he found that a call had been made
for them by the Senate, and they would be in a few
days upon the table of members, when proper steps
would be proposed for setting aside the decision of
the Secretary of the Treasury, and recalling the
grants already made; but he thought it necessary in
the mean time to prevgnt the further issuance of
patents upon that decision; and he therefore proposed
a joint resolution prohibiting the issuance of any
more grants upon the decision of the Secretary, until
the further order of Congress.
He sent to the Chair a joint resolution as follows:
Resolution in relation to the issuance of grants of
certain lands in Louisiana:
Resolved by the Senate and House of Rppresentativss in Con-
gress assembled, That the issuance of grants or other evi-
dences of title upon a Spanish land claim in the State of
Louisiana, lying on the Mississippi above New Orleans,
commonly known as the Houma claim, be, and the same
are hereby, prohibited until the further order of Congress
in relation thereto.
The resolution was read three times and passed.
TEXAS AND OREGON.
Mr. HALE presented a series of resolutions
from the legislature of New Hampshire in favor of
the annexation of Texas and the occupation of Ore-
gon.
The Clerk read the resolutions at the request of
the gentleman from New Hampshire.
Mr. HALE moved that the resolutions be refer-
red to the Committee of the Whole on the state of
the Union; and remarked that when he could get an
opportunity, he should propose an amendment cal-
culated to test the accuracy of the belief expressed
in the eighth resolution, "that the annexation of
Texas will add more free than slave States to the
Union."
The motion was agreed to.
ANNEXATION OF TEXAS.
On the motion of Mr. BAYLY, the House re-
solved itself into Committee of the Whole on the
state of the Union on the resolutions to annex Tex-
as to this Union, Mr. Hopkins in the chair.
Mr. YANCY, who was entitled to the floor from
yesterday, rose and said:
As parties have risen or fallen upon old domestic
issues, animosities have been engendered—preju-
dices hnve been formed—acrimonies have been given
birth to,which have become so deeply seated that what
under other circumstances would have been a Messhxg,
has become a curse to the country. Instead of testing
measures by their effect upon the country, a large
portion of the community test them by their contem-
plated effect upon party. This has crept into this
hall. Men of eminence and ability have indulged in
it; and when I got the floor in Committee of the
Whole on the sub-treasury bill, 1 designed to have
expressed my regret that the gentleman from Ohio,
with so searching an intellect—such powers of sar-
casm and wit—so rich a diction and such varied ac-
complishments, should have lent himself to lower
the character of a representative, which he appeared
so well able to dignify and adorn. The consequence
is, Iwe are fast verging to be a nation of embittered
partisans, instead of enlighened and generous free-
men. , In such a state it is to be rejoiced at when
a great national question presents itself, which,
by its towering greatness, overtops all minor issues
—which is so well calculated to purify and elevate
the national heart—to call into requisition the nobler
qualities of our nature—to create high hopes—to
crush beneath its lofty patriotism and undoubted
wisdom the contemptible machinations of the mere
politician—to rebuke the sordid and groveling pro-
pensities of those who know and feel no impulse
but such as draws them irresistibly, a mere
bubble in the wake of party! Such is the Tex-
as question. Every party has so hailed it for
the lait twenty years. Like the star which of old
drew the shepherds' attention from their humble
pursuits to the manger where slept the Saviour of
the world, does this culminate over an infant re-
public, appealing to us as freemen to forego our
wranglings, and to accomplish in harmony the great
destiny to which our principles devote us—the spread
of the blessings of our liberties.
And this appeal has not been in vain. There are
living evidences around us, whoso hearts bounded
at the first flutter of such a banner.' Like to the
Jews of old, who kept up intestine feuds during the
interval of the Roman assaults, yet flew to the
wall when the trump sounded to arms, there are
some to whom this question has proved paramount
to partyism. There are others who, though still the
partisan, yet respect the dignity of the question suf-
ficiently to discuss it as statesmen. Not so with
the representative from North Carolina, [Mr. Cling-
man.] With him, the extension of our institutions,
the immense effect for weal or wo to be produced
upon our commerce, manufacturing, agricultural, and
planting interests by the measure—its great bearing
upon our military defences—its effect upon the
question of slavery—its consequences upon the fate
of the Union, a question now engaging the diplo-
matic abilities of two continents—have not sufficient
iuterest or dignity to draw his intellect or his pas-
sions from a research into the causes why a Mr.
Rynder visited the White House—why he dined
with some other person in the city—why the sail-
ors of the North Carolina voted in the 7th ward in-
stead of Brooklyn!
-' We form our estimate sir, of persons wc have nev-
er seen; and I was not, therefore, astonished at this
expose of the head and heart of the representative
from North Carolina. In the country I represent,
he is looked upon as a betrayer of the trust reposed
in his hands. But I do confess to some astonish-
ment when I heard that representative exulting in
his triumph over those brother representatives from
the South whose most strenuous efforts could not
retain the 25th rule, and attributing to their silence on
its repeal motives which every honorable man
among mem spurns with scorn, and which could
only have found prompting in the heart of
one who had given a stab to the institutions
of his own land, and wears the garb of
its enemy. Such an exulting cry over our
failure to retain one barrier erected for the preserva-
tion of our property and institutions, is an msutt
to us in our defeat, which merits the scorn and ex-
ecration of every honest heart in the South. And
even with the estimate of that representative which
I had, I was somewhat surprised to hear him re-
count, with such apparent glee, what he termed the
dishonesty of the Senate of North Carolina. Upon
the merits of the case I can pass no verdict. But if
it was as represented, would not a truly honorable
heart and high-toned intellect have shrunk from
dragging unnecessarily, and with such apparent
gusto, the disgrace of his native State, which he in
part represented, before the assembled wisdom of
the nation? It is said that the wild deer of the
West will turn and gore a wounded companion to
death. But it is a brutal instinct; and man shrinks
from laying bare the failings of his family. And
what does such conduct deserve? I will not deter-
mine, but will refer the representative (if ever he
reads such a book) to that portion of the Bible
where Noah having fallen naked in his tent, drunk
with wine, his* son Ham exposed and ridiculed
him to his other brothers. They took a garment,
and, backing up to the sleeping parent, cast it over
him—a mantle of charity to conceal his situation
from prying eyes. And Noah, on awaking,
cursed Ham, that he should be the servant of ser-
vants throughout all time: and fearfully has that
curse stuck to his race, who even now dwell in the
tents of Shem and .Taphet pitched on these shores.
How the people of North Carolina will view the
conduct of their representative on this occasion, I
cannot say; but one thing is certain: that if the
spirit of that pure and great patriot, Nathaniel
Macon, had been hovering in this hall during the
exhibition of the party malignity and unseemly
slurs made upon the Old North State, and could
have been susceptible of an earthly feeling, that
feeling would have been one of unmitigated disgust.
I shall be pardoned, then, by this House, if I do
not follow into the sinks and purlieus of party the
representative from North Carolina, and shall ad-
dress myself to the question before us.
In the first place, then, of the several propositions
which had been committed to the Committee of the
Whole on the state of the Union, Mr. Y. expressed
his preference for that of the gentleman from Ken-
tucky [Mr. Tibbatts.] This proposition met more
fully his constitutional view of the subject than any
other; it conformed to the very letter as well as the
spirit of the constitution. I-Ie referred to the arti-
cles of the old confederacy, which, he said, had been
found to confer too few powers upon the general
fovernment; that they were too circumscribed and
mited to giva that efficiency, energy, and scope to
