CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
the government which the psople desired. Mr. Y.
referred to and rfead from the eleventh article of the
confederation which provided for the admission of
Canada into the confederacy upon her assenting
thereto, and for the admission of other colonies only
on die agreement thereto of nine States. Mr. Y.
went into an examination of that part of the pro-
ceedings of the convention which resulted in the
transforming the article which he had read into the
article as it is now found in the constitution, men-
tioning the rejection by the convention of the propo-
sition of Mr. Randolph, which expressly prohibited
the admission of other territory than that within the
boundary of the republic, &c. The history (said
Mr. Y.) of this article, when they went back ta its
root, was that Congress, even under the articles of
the confederation, had power to admit one foreign
State, and that the constitution being adopted for
the purpose of giving a more perfect union and
a larger power to the government, the former-spe-
cific article had been enlarged into a general article,
not confined to one State, but a general, unlimited
power, viz: "New States may be admitted by the
Congress into this Union." There, was no limit to
that clause but the good sense of the people of this
republic, and the character of the State, viz: that it
shall be republican. This voting down the propo-
sition of Mr. Randolph, and inserting the existing
clause in the constitution, proved conclusively that
Congress had unlimited power to admit new States,
from whatever territory, into the Union. The prop-
osition of the gentleman from Kentucky met this
very letter, and, what was better, it met the very
spirit of the constitution. By this proposition, we
got possession of ail the territory of Texas, by
Texas ceding her territory to us, as had been done
by other States, and the constitutional power of
which no gentleman could question. This propo-
sition, therefore, it struck him, was perfectly within
the purview and spirit of the constitution, and
hence he preferred it. And let him say to his
friends on this floor, although they might have par-
tiality for other propositions, and might think that
Congress could admit territory into the Union, (as
it was his-impression they could, and that a long
train of x-easoning could prove it,) still the power
to admit Texas as a State was obvious. The prop-
osition of the gentleman needed a shorter train
of argument to support it, and nothing but so-
phistry and fallacy could deny it.
Considering the character for intelligence and en-
larged views of the gentleman from Massachusetts,
[Mr. Winthrop,] Mr. Y. had been perfectly as-
tounded to hear him yesterday declare that the con-
stitution of the country was only designed to operate
upon the territory then held by the people who
formed it. If it was not disrespectful to the gentle-
man, he must say that that view was too narrow-
minded for anybody who pretended to enlarged
views of statesmanship. If it was so, where, he
would ask, were Louisiana, Missouri, and Arkan-
sas? Were they not constitutionally in the Union?
And yet nthey were admitted out of territory not
within the limits of the confederacy when the con-
stitution was framed. The gentleman said that the
limits of the confederacy were not to be extended !
As far as his (Mr. Y.'s) reading went, there had
been only two instances where Secretaries of State
of this government had made treaties by which the
territory and the people of this government were
ceded away to a foreign country, and those two sec-
retaries had come from the State which the gentle-
man in part represented. "Where the limits of the
country were drawn in, and our people were trans-
ferred to a foreign power, it had been under the aus-
pices of those distinguished gentlemen from Massa-
chusetts, the State which the gentleman represented.
Why, sir, said Mr. Y., are their hearts so small,
their views of liberty so narrow and contracted, that
they held that it could not go beyond the confines of
the territory we owned when the constitution was
framed? Or, rather, did it not rise from that old fed-
eral leaven which wa3 still existing, and which had
been received into another party subsisting at the
present day, with the mere change of name? It
must belong to that old spirit which would impair
the freedom of the great mass, and narrow down
the limits of liberty.
2. If the constitutional point was settled that we
could admit new States into the Union, then the
only question to consider was, what is its bearing
on the national honor? I respect the gentlemen who
urge this objection, (said Mr^Y.) The honor of
the nation is the brightest jewel it possesses. It is
jjs character abroad; and it should be stickled for
and contended for as strenuously as he who loved
honor himself would contend for in his own case.
fMr. Y. would not argue the question ofre-annex-
attoli. There might be some doubts upon that point;
but there could not be as to the view he took of the
subject. By the treaty ftf 1819, if we had any
rights in Texas, we ceded them to Spain. The
government of Spain, however, did'iiot perfect its ti-
tle; for immediately after, the people of Texas, re-
fusing allegiance to Spain, had risen in
arms against her, and said that they
could not be ceded away as beasts of the field.
Texas, therefore, remonstrating, resisted Spain's
taking possession of her, and in that state of resist-
ance continued till 1824; when, in connection with
otherrevolted provinces, she formed the confederacy
of 1824 under the title "The united Mexican States."
The rights of the people of Texas, under the treaty
of 1803, (Mr. Y. contended,) could not be compro-
mised without their own consent; they had not con-
sented: that treaty guarantied that they should bead-
mitted into the Union to enjoy all the rights and
privileges of the people of the Union: we could not
cede her away, nor could Spain take possession of her.
In that view of the case she entered the confederacy
of 1824, an unfettered power; that confederacy
threw her back on her original sovereignty, and she
was now sovereign.!
Even if the title by which the people of Texas
had been conveyed by us to Spain had been good,
Spain had not given it binding force by taking pos-
session thereof; but, on the contrary, she had con-
firmed their independence by its recognition in 1836.
In the formation of that confederacy, she had agreed
to articles similar to those of our constitution; ac-
cording to one of them, the confederacy was never
to be dissolved. But in 1834, the history of Mexico
and Texas told them that a military usurper did dis-
solve them; that he drove the representatives of the
united Mexican States from their hall by arms; that
he established a central military despotism. What
had these abused Texians then done? No sooner
had the confederacy been violently dissolved by the
act of Santa Anna, than they made a provisional
government, unfurled the constitution of 1824 on their
banner, and endeavored to re-establish the govern-
ment which she had originally established. They act-
ed in a mild and conservative spirit; and their conduct
in this matter Mr. Y. referred to as containing a
conclusive refutation of the charges of disorganiza-
tion and anarchy that had been made against her.
Texas having invited the citizens of Mexico to the
defence of the constitution of 1824, and finding that
they would not rally, did—what? She took light by
our example. She, composed in great part of the
citizens of this country, whose fathers fought for the
principles of '76, went to the defence of liberty.
They had here learned that every nation had the
right to dissolve the bands which bound them, when
they became subversive of their liberty.
<"*Thrown back on her original sovereignty, whence
sprung the right of Mexico? It was not to be found
in the law of nations, for she never had perfected her
title, either by arms or diplomatic policy. Texas,
then, was sovereign and independent; and, as an in-
dependent State, had a right to treat with us. For
eight years she had gone on exercising the rights of
sovereignty, and governing herself as an enlightened
nation, sending ministers to the civilized nations of
the world, and forming treaties of amity and com-
merce with them, and even performing the highest
act of sovereignty.—that of making a treaty of boun-
dary with this nation. Texas was sovereign, and
free to make an alliance with us, unless this govern-
ment was estopped from doing so by some treaty
between us and Mexico, preventing us from enter-
ing into an alliance with a nation at war with us.
Mr. Y. went on to argue that no such prohibition
existed, and contended that there had been no
actual war between Mexico and Texas since
the battle of San Jacinto. The few predatory
incursions of Mexicans into Texas since that time
could not be called a war; they were rather the acts
of bands of robbers, which, under the laws of nations
would have rightfully subjected them, if caught, to
the punishment of death. Instead of being able to
wage war against Texas, Mexico was unable to main-
tain tranquillity within her own borders. Torn by
internal dissensions, she was scarcely able to main-
tain her name as an independent nation; and this
very morning he had received the intelligence that
Santa Anna had been deposed and banished from
the Mexican territory. There was nothing, then,
but a paper war: and was a great nation like this to'
abandon an important system of national policy
which it had been pursuing for twenty years, for a
mere paper war? A paper war was no more bind-
ing than a paper blockade, which neither the laws of
nations nor common senae required any nation to
respect
If, then, the constitution and national honor did
not forbid the annexation of Texas, what else was
to forbid it' We have been pursuing this object for
five and twenty years, and through the agency of
some of our most distinguished statesmen. The
venerable gentleman from Massachusetts, when re-
presenting this Union in the presidential chair, him-
self pursued this object. Mr. Clay himself pur-
sued it; General Jackson pursued it; and if there
was anything to relieve the administration of
1825 and 1827 from the odium cast upon it, it
was the, ardor with which it had pursued the
project of annexation. John Tyler, follow-
ing in the footsteps of his illustrious predecea
sors, pursued it; and yet, for this act, some of the
most distinguished men of this House had cast a
stigma yfpon him, calling him the accidental Presi-
dent, and charging him with having devised the
scheme of annexation for his own ambitious views-
The gentleman from Massachusetts [Mr. Wis-
throp] had done himself injustice in calling John
Tyler the accidental President.
Ask him if he voted for John Tyler, and: h 
would say that he did; and by that act helped te
plage him in a position to succeed to the presiden-
tial chair, in the event of the death of General
Harrison- Did the gentleman call the death
of General Harrison an accident' No; the dis-
pensations of Divine Providence were not ac-
cidents, and it was impious to call them so.
The gentleman, in voting for John Tyler, knew that
he would succeed to the presidency in case of the
death of the President; and yet he called him the
President by accident, and said that he was not the
choice of the people, [For the first time (said Mr.
Y.) we hear from a leader of the whig party that
General Harrison and Mr. Tyler were not the
choice of the people; but were elected when
there were but two opposing tickets; and if they
were not the choice of the people, how were they
elected? As to the motives of the President in rela-
tion to the annexation of Texas, that belonged to a
higher tribunal?]
\The gentleman from Massachusetts said that the
friends of this measure were attempting, by press-
ing it through Congress at this time, to get the
start of the judgements of the American people.
The gentleman knew that this question had been a .
long time agitated in the country; and that, more
than any other, it occupied the attention of the
American people during the last presidential can-
vass. Was the sudden darkening of Mr. Clay's
prospects, after the issue of his Raleigh letter, no-
thing by which to judge of the hold which the an-
nexation of Texas had on the public mind? Were
the rending asunder of old and approved party or-
ganization—the setting aside old leaders, and the
selection of new, no index to public sentiment'
Was the total subversion of the enormous whig ma-
jority of 1840 without power to teach a lesson to
an,attentive and thinking observer?
XWhen the chairmain of the Committee on For-
eign Relations brought in his report on this sub-
ject, the gentleman complained that time had not
been allowed to the minority of the committee to
express their views on it. What had gen-
tlemen been doing ever since the last session? They
knew that the subject must come up at this, and
yet they complained of being unprepared. What
had they been doing since the commencement of this
session? Their real grounds of complaint were that
the subject was started early enough to bring it to a
successful issue before the close of the session. The
gentleman spoke of his love for the constitution,
and at the same time told us to remember the opin-
ions of our ancestors on the question of slavery.
Was slavery the question then at issue? Charges
had been made in the State from which the gentle-
man came, against the South and against the
Secretary of State in reference to this ques-
tion, which were but the echoes of the
language of our external foes and internal trai-
tors; and one distinguished gentleman of that State
said, in reference to Mr. Calhoun's letter, that the
great and powerful government of England would
scarcely deign to glance at such puny efforts. The
gentleman further said that threats of disunion be-
longed to other soils than that of New England. He
would say to the gentleman, that in no State had
disunion been so often threatened a® in Mfvssachu-
