CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
1#
ernment and adapt a constitution not suited for her
government as an independent State, upon the un-
certainty which always attends all future legislation
of her admission into the Union.
But it may be said, admitting this'argumentto be
sound, yet it only proves that the foreign State
must, of necessity, be brought under our jurisdic-
tion as a territory preparatory to its admission into
the Union; but xt does not prove that this may be
done by a joint resolution. On the contrary, it is
insisted by the gentleman from Massachusetts [Mr.
Winthrop] that this can only be effected, if at all,
by an international arrangement, which is a treaty,
the power to make which is exclusively ^vested m
the President and Senate.
This argument is founded upon the assumption
that an agreement or arrangement can only be made
between nations by treaty. If this shall turn out to
be untrue, and we shall find that compacts and
agreements are constantly made by legislation, the
whole argument falls to the ground.
The idea of the gentleman from Massachusetts,
that every agreement between nations is technical-
ly a treaty, is contradicted by the highest authority,
and, in our case, by the constitution itself.
. The subject of international compacts is referred
to in three distict clauses of the constitution. In the
first clause of the 10th section of article 1st, it is de-
clared that "no State shall enter into any treaty,
alliance, or confederation." In the last clause of the
same section, it is also declared that "no State shall,
without the consent of Congress, enter into any
agreement or compact with another State, or with aF
foreign power." In the second clause of second'
section of second article, the President is empowered
"by and with the advice and consent of the Senate,
to make treaties, provided two-thirds of the Sena-
tors present concur."
It must always be borne in mind, in construing
the constitution, that it is almost as remarkable for
the literary execution as for the profound political
statesmanship displayed in it. The meaning of
every word seems to have been deliberately weigh-
ed: every word, therefore, must have its due weight
and appropriate meaning, and not one can be reject-
ed as superfluous. In the language of the Chie
Justice of the United States, (in the case of Holmes
v$. Jennison et al., 14th Peters, 571,) concurred in
by Messrs. Justices Wayne, McLean, and Story—
the last two of whom, I presume, the gentleman
from Massachusetts [Mr. Winthrop] will admit as
authority—
'■No word in the instrument (the constitution) can be re*
jected as superfluous or unnecessary; and this principle of
construction applies with peculiar force to the two clauses
of the tenth section of the tirst article, of which we are
now speaking, because the whole of this short section is di
rected to the same subject; that is to say, it is employed al-
together in enumerating the rights surrendered by the
States; and this is done with so much clearness and brevity,
that we cannot for a moment believe that a single superflu-
ous word was used, or words which meant merely the same
thing. When, therefore, the second clause declares that no
State shall enter into 'any agreement or compact' with a
foreign power, without tne assent of Congress, the words
'agreement' and 'compact' cannot be construed as synony-
mous with one another; and still less can either of them be
held to mean the same thing with the word 'treaty,' in the
preceding clause, into which the States are positively and
unconditionally forbidden to enter, and which even the con-
sent of Congress could not authorize."'
From this it seems that the gentleman from Mas-
sachusetts [Mr. Winthrop] is mistaken in suppos-
ing that all stipulations ana agreements between na-
tions are necessarily treaties. On the contrary,
another distinguished gentleman from the same
State, [Mr. Cho ate, of the^Senate,] was much nearer
right, when he insisted that such a transaction as is
contemplated between Texas and the United States,
could not, with any propriety, be called a treaty.
On the occasion alluded to, he said;
"1. It must appear to be 'a treaty.' The President, by
and with the advice and consent 01 the Senate, may 'make
treaties' "What are 'treaties' in the sense of this provision,
of the constitution?
UI submit, sir, that they are such compacts as then, when
the constitution was framed, were, in the usual, current,
general, common language of public law, of history, and
politics, denominatedU'eaties. The word does not include
every possible compact, arrangement, ortransaction which,
by iigur&tive, capricious, or unusual employment of
speech, may once or twice, in the whole range of the lite-
rature x>f international law, be found to be called a treaty;
but it includes what are ordinarily and generally called
such. The constitution is the language of the people. It
is spoken to the people. It is the record of their will. Its
words, then, are used in their popular sense. Even its
professional, technical, and legal language is employed
jn the known, current^ usual> professional, or technical
sense.
• "What were the compacts, then, which, according to the
received, uniform, general use of publicists and historian*
, at the date of the constitution, were denominated treaties?
They were such as were made between^ communities or
governments, which were separate and distinct when the
compact was made, and ■which were to remain separate and
distinct after it was made and during the lifetime of the com.'
pact; and they were mads to regulate Ihe intercourse of
these separate and distinct communities or governments.
Such compacts were treaties. They were made to regulate
the intercourse of governments, which were distinct, and
were to remain distinct.
"But arrangements by which two distinct governments
become amalgamated into one distinct from either, or by
which one government becomes absorbed "and lost by a
complete incorporation with another, which thus alone
survives the process, were not then usual, nor ever, ill .the
ceived language of public law and of history, denominated
treaties. Such transactions were and are called acts of sur-
render, acts of union, articles of confederation, the consti-
tuting a government, the formation of a union, or the like.
But treaties they are not, and were not called.
"Now, sir, that the ordinary and usual sense in which
.writers on public law employ the word treaties is that
which I have ascribed to it, is indisputable. Every where,
in their definitions, in their classification of treaties, in
their discussions of the rights they give rise to, of their
rules of interpretation, of the consequences of infringing
them, of the tribunal, the code, and the manner by which
they are to be vindicated and enforced—everywhere they
assume the word to mean a compact between two commu-
nities or governments, two at its creation, two during its
existence; a compact not to make them one, but to enable
them to have intercourse as two. It would be to read half
a library to verify by references what your own recollec-
tions of these studies will, 1 am sure,- confirm.
"But, further, I think I may venture to challenge the
learning of honorable senators who defend this transaction
to point out one solitary passage, in a single approved
writer on public law, in which such a transaction is called,
with approbation and by the writer himself, a treaty. I can
find no such passage, and doubt its existence."
Again the said gentleman said:
"There occurs to my mind a transaction, somewhat re-
sembling this, from which we may borrow illustration. In
1800 the independent Parliament of Ireland was abolished,
and she came under the imperial legislature, as before she
had owned the imperial crown. Her people and the people
of England became, for many purposes, one. Whatever of
separate and independent national existence she had had
before was extinguished at once. What was this transac-
tion called? A treaty? No sir; but, by friend and foe, an
act of union. So universally, in all the legislation, in the
language of the ministry, throughout the debates, it is
called by every body. Nay, iMr. G rattan distinguishes it
by this very appellation from the proceeding of 178a. By
that, by the passage of certain laws of the Irish Parliament,
and the passage or repeal of certain others by^t-he British
Parliament, Ireland had been left in 1782 with a local legisla-
ture, and a degree and a form of independent national exist-
ence. Alluding to that time and scene, so glorious and
memorable in the history of his own life, in contrast with
that of 1800, Mr (j-rattan says, while opposing the annihila-
tion of Irish national existence:
'•'That treaty left Ireland independent ofEngland, and sub-
jected both the contracting nations to the law of nations,
which is above them both; this union annihilates our inde-
pendence, and imposes on us the municipal law of one im-
imperial legislature.' And again: 'The treaty of 1782 was
founded on the sense of Parliament and people; thin union,
if ever taking place, will be m opposition to both. To that
treaty there were in this House only two dissentient
voices; to this union there are one hundred and twenty!'
"His antithesis happily and justly seizes and embodies the
general distinction of meaning on which Ihave insisted."
Now, Mr. Chairman, (said Mr. B.,) I think I
may fairly offset the argument of the representative
from Massachusetts in this House, [Mr. Win-
throp,] by that of the representative of the same
place in another department of the government.
But, in doing so, I cannot help remarking tli$t this
Texas transaction met with rather singular treat-
ment from these Massachusetts gentlemen. When
it is proposed to annex it by treaty, one of them ar-
gues that the transaction is not a treaty, and it can-
not be done in that way. He insists that an act of
confederation is the only mode. Well, under the
influence of this argument, in part, perhaps the trea-
ty is rejected. This is followed up by a joint reso-
lution, suggested by this argument; and it is no
sooner done than a representative from the same
State most gravely argues that the transaction is a
treaty, the power to negotiate which is exclusively
vested in the President and Senate.
[Now it will be seen, from the clauses of the con-
stitution which I have quoted, that there are five dis-
tinct modes of making international contracts recog-
nised by it. 1st, by treaty; 2d, by an alliance; 3d,
by a confederation; 4th, by agreement; and 5th,
compact; and although it is true, in the language of
the four judges already referred to, "that all the pow-
ers which relate to our foreign relations are confided
to the general government," it will also be seeri that
the power of negotiating but one of these (viz: a
treaty) is confided to the President and Senate; and
as they are inhibited to the States, the three first ab-
solutely, and the two last unless with the consent of
Congress, it follows that if they are not vested in
Congress, they have no existence in our system; and
that this nation alone, of all the nations of the earth,
cannot, in any of its departments; make an alliance
or confederation, nor make an agreement or cotn-
pact, except through the States with the consent of
Congress. And here let me remind gentlemen who
contend that Congress cannot enter into a compact
or agreement with a foreign nation, into what ab-
surdity they lead themselves. It has been seen that
the States can be empowered to do either by the
consent of Congress; and yet these gentlemen must
maintain that what Congress can empower others
to do, it cannot do itself. It is not true that we may
empower others to do everything which we are au-
thorized to do. But it is. true generally, both in
Bational and municipal law, that a person may not
dojiimsdf what he may authorize others to d<W
ijvfy Chairman, I therefore maintain that, inde-
pendent of the authority to admit Texas into this
Union, derived from the war power and the power
to admit new States, she may be admitted by virtue
of the power in Congress not to make treaties, for
it has no such power; but to contract alliances, enter
into confederations, and make agreements and com-
pacts—each of which powers I have shown Con-
gress to possess. This is certainly so, if the ratification
by Texas of the proposition under consideration,
after it has been adopted by us, would constitute it
an alliance, or confederation, or agreement, or compact.
And surely it would be doing no violence eveit to
technical language to call it eitnerJJ
If it were necessary to intefere by precedent, what
seems so plain, that Congress may make agreements
and compacts with foreign nations, it could be done
from every part of our commercial code. We have
been constantly saying in ottr legislation, since the
formation of the government, to foregn nations, if
you will do particular things, we will do others.
Examples may be found of this in the law regula-
ting our intercourse with the British West Indies,
and in our embargo and non-intercourse laws.
This is but an incomplete report of the honorable
gentleman's argument. The residue and moie
complete argument will be published hereafter.
Mr. B. having concluded—
Mr. STETSON was successful over many com-
petitors for the floor.
After expressing his acknowledgements to the
Chairman for assigning to him the floor, Mr. S.
proceeded to remark that he did not propose to enter
into the discussion of this whole Texas question.
The brief time allotted under the rule to each mem-
ber, hardly allowed any one, even much better ac-
quainted with the subject than himself, to examine
justly all the points that arose. He had sought the
floor with the view of layisg before the committee
the embarrassments which rested upon his mind in
relation to a preliminary question which fell in their
way in attempting the annexation of Texas to this
Union by any resolution, or any act of Congress.
[A message was here received from the Senate, an-
nouncing the passage by that body of certain bills,
and requesting concurrence therein.)
Mr. S. proceeded. The subject of annexation
was one of great interest; and he admitted that a
decisive majority of one of the great political parties
which divided the country were decided in their
fopinion that Texas should, in some form or other,
be annexed to the United States. , Although Mr.
S. considered the union of the two countries desir«-
ble, and he had no doubt but it would eventually be
accomplished, yet he was not prepared to say he
could vote for it in the manner in which it was now
proposed.
What do we propose to do in this House? jLook
at the propositions that have been made by dif-
ferent gentlemen to carry out this measure, and
what did they propose to do? In the most favorable
sense, those desiring the immediate accomplishment
of this measure must admit that we propose to make
a compact; which is, in fact, to make a treaty. For
all the purposes of this argument, he fully admitted
Texas to be a sovereign and independent State, and
free to treat with us. ;Now, a resolution that Tex-
as shall be admitted ifito the Union, and on such
terms as would be acceptable to the South, was—
what' It was acquiring foreign territory. It* was
offering, on our part, that, if she would amalgamate
with us, and become a part of our republic, the
faith and honor of this nation should be
pledged to her, to shield and protect her from
aggression, no matter what quarter it might
come from. On the very front and- face
of it, it was a contract affecting the independence of
a foreign nation—affecting all her organization; af-
fecting the happiness of her people and her future
welfare; and yet it was proposed to do all this by a
simple legislative act, and without the assent of the
