lie
CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
found this protest. It is contained in "a copy of a
declaration issued on the 23d of June (1819) by the
supreme council of the republic of Texas," in which,
after stating that the Texians had long indulged the
hope that they would be included in the limits of
our Union'—a hope, they add, which the "claims of
the United-States, long and strenuously urged, have
encouraged"—the Council proceeds to say:
"The recent treaty between Spain and the United States
of America has dissipated an illusion too long fondly cher-
ixhed, and has roused the citizens of Texas from the torpor
into which a fancied security had lulled them. They have
seen themselves, by a convention to which they were no
party, literally abandoned to the dominion of the
crown of Spain, and left a prey, not only to impositions
already intolerable, but to all those exactions which Span-
lah rapacity is fertile ia devising."
This remarkable protest is signed by the Pres-
ident and Secretary of the "Supreme Council." If I
am asked here to produce the credentials of these gen-
tleman, and to show under what precise law this
Council was elected and qualified, my reply is, that
in the early efforts after independence put forth by
new and thinly settled countries, little of rigid for-
mality can be expected. The declaration is an
expression of public sentiment, as official, probably,
as the then condition of Texas permitted. And at
all events, the authority of the Texian Council was
quite as regular as that of stout Ethan Allen and his
handful; of volunteers, wherf the old soldier, more
than a year in advance of the Declaration of Inde-
pendence, thundered at the gates of Ticonderoga,
and bade her surrender "in the name of the great
Jehovah and the Continental Congress!"
But all this, I repeat, touches but the bark of the
controversy. Let us penetrate that, and reach its
substance at once.
Texas is an independent Republic, occupying a
separate and equal station among the nations of the
earth, legally possessing her own soil, lawfully ad-
ministering her own laws,—or, she is but a revolted
province, over which Mexico has preserved all her
rights; her government but a provisional usurpation,
the title to her territory still in the mother country.
Settle that one point—and, as regards the ques-
tion in its foreign relations, every thing is settled.
It seems strange to me, that we should yet be re-
?uired to argue such a question. And yet we are.
>ay after day pour forth from the leading journals
of our opponents protests and denunciations. We
who favor annexation are, if their words are to be
taken for it, but a band of land-robbers, on a mag-
nificent scale; leagued together for the avowed pur-
pose of filching from Mexico, without a color of
right, some two hundred million acres of her lawful
territory. History is ransacked for examples of
similar-profligate ambition; and, in a recent number
of the National Intelligencer, (of December 24,)
our government is likened, without scruple, to "that
politic warrior and tyrant, Frederick the Great;"
who, having "cast an eye of longing upon part of a
neighboring realm which suited him," bade his Min-
ister prepare £ manifesto, making clear the justice of
his title. The Minister obeyed, setting forth "the
intended act of rapine as an errand of grace, mercy
*nd justice."
VA11 tbis" (adds the Intelligencer) "the Minister dressed
up in a very captivating form-, nothing could be more right-
ful, nothing more necessary for his own safety from en-
croaching neighbors, nothing more charitable, nothing more
for the glory of God and the advancement of religion.
'Stop!' cried Frederick, when his Minister came to that part
of the Manifesto; 'leave out God and religion: I want a
province!'"
Similar accusations find a voice on this floor. A gen-
tleman from Massachusetts, [Mr. Winthrop,] whose
characterand standing give weight to the charge and
demand for it a reply, scrupled not, but the other
day. to denounce the proposed act of annexation as
a scheme "monstrous^beyond all power of expres-
sion;" as a project, "contrary to the law of nations
and in violation of the good faith of our own coun-
try." My colleague [Mr. C. B. Smith] who has just
spoken, takes the very same ground. He charac-
terized the plan of annexation as an attempt "to rob
Mexico of a part of her territory."
Now, sir, I, for one, when I give my vote,—as I
hope yet this session to give it—for the annexation
of Texas to these United States, am not willing to
give it silently, under such imputations. Let our op-
ponents here prove to us—not assert it merely—
that this projected annexation is but an "act of ra-
pine;" that it is a trampling under foot of justice,
morality, good faith, international law—that we
have no better excuse for it than this, "we want a
province!"—and, if all the dreams of Marco Polo
were realized in Texas; if there, at last, were to be
found Gipango's shore* of gold, the treasures of
Antilla—not by my vote should even such a land,
wrongfully wrested from a weaker neighbor, become
part of this, yet undishonered, Union.
But in proof of charges so grave, there lacks
something beyond mere idle iteration. There lacks
proof, that Texas is not an independent State. I
maintain, that she is; and if the Committee will give
brief attention, I purpose to show, somewhat more
at large than on a previous occasion, good cause for
the opinion.
Not lightly should this question be approached;
not heedlessly decided. Let us beware! The fate
of our offspring, the destinies of our descendants,
may hang upon the decision. We, of the West es-
pecially, are as birds of passage. Our instinct at-
tracts us to regions distant and new. In Oregon or
elsewhere the question may arise, as now, what is
just revolution, and what, lawless revolt. In judg-
ing the Texians to-day, we may be deciding, of our
own children, in after years, whether they shall be
held to be freemen, meriting honor, or traitors de-
serving death!
Leaving out of view the prime cause of the Tex-
ian revolution—that "violation of the fundamental
laws," which, Vattel declares, gives to a sovereign's
subjects "a legal right to resist him"—passing by
that, we come to the fact, that, nine years ago,
Mexico and Texas engaged in war. Texas
was successful. She conquered, and has since
peaceably possessed, her territory. Has she
now a good title to that territory? Has
she a "right to convey it to whom she will? Let
Grotius answer; G-rotius writing two centuries ago;
writing under the eye of a king; dedicating his cele-
brated work to a king. Our whig friends cannot ac-
cuse me of dragging m the radicalism of some mod-
ern innovator, to sustain my position. I presume
to hope, that the counsellor of Queen Christina,
when he happens to decide in favor of liberty, will
not be rejected by them as ultra-democratic au-
thority. Yet here is his doctrine:
"According to the law of nations, not only the person
who makes war upon just grounds; but any one whatever
engaged in regular aud formal war, becomes1) absolute propria
toi of everything which he takes from the enerpy, so that
all nations respect his title, and the title of all, who derive
through him their claim to such possessions: which, as to all
foreign relations, constitutes thu true idea of dominion."
As to the principle according to which the words
"takes from the enemy" are to be construed, Gro-
tius adds:
"In this question upon the rights of war, nations have de-
cidcd, that a person is understood to have mads a capture,
when he detains a thin? in such a manner, that the owner ha$
abandoned all probable hopes of recovering it."
In regard to ships, for example, they are held to
be captured, Grotius says, when they are "carried
into some of the captor's ports, or to some place
where their whole fleet is stationed." And as to
personal effects generally, he informs us, that Euro-
pean powers have made it an "established maxim
of the law of nations," that "captures shall be deem-
ed good and lawful which have continued in the
enemy's possession for the space of twenty-four
hours."
As to lands, the principle is the same, but the ap-
plication somewhat different. Grotius's words are:
"Lands are not understood to become a lawful possesaion
and absolute conquest from the moment they are invaded.
For, although it is true, that an army takes immediate and
violent possession of the country winch it has invaded, yet
that can only be considered as a temporary possession, un-
accompanied by any of the rights and consequences alluded
to in this work, till it has been secured by some durable
means, by cession or by treaty.1'
And a little further on is an example, of the. "du-
rable means" hem spoken of. He says:
"Now land will bo considered as completely conquered
when it is enclosed and serured by permanent fortifications.
so that no other state or sovereign can have free- access to
it without first making themselves masters of those fortifi-
cations. On this account FJaccus. the Sicilian, assigns no
improbable conjecture for the origin of the word territory,
because the enemy is deterred from entenng it.vi
Here, without cession, without treaty, fortifica-
tions are held to be "durable means" to secure terri-
tory, and to give absolute title.
From all this the rule of law is clear. Temporary
possession of territory, by mere invasion, does not
confer legal title. Permanent possession does.
Possession to be permanent, must be secured by
cession, by treaty, or by other durable means, as for
example by fortifications. This latter condition
was strictly applicable in former ages, when, as
Zenophon expressed it, "in time of war the pos-
session of a country is kept by walls, strongholds
and barriers." But such is not now the custom;
and the law does not require what is nugatory and
useless. Any other condition of things which de-
stroys all probable hopes of recovery; which pro-
vides means as effectual as were the fortifications of
the olden time, to deter the enemy from entering a
conquered territory; does, in fact, equally with that
antique specification, confer legal title. Such a con-
dition of things is a regular government, "formally
established and duly administered, extending its
laws over the territory .in question, peacefully-and
with general acquiescence; an organized army and
navy prepared to protect that government; but,
above all, stable, enduring possession; entire pos-
session, with not a city, town, or even petty fortress
remaining in the hands of the enemy; possession
undisturbed by any invasion that is respectable or
formidable enough seriously to threaten reconquest.
Such a state of things exists, and has for years
existed, in Texas. It eminently fulfils the condi-
tion, that possession shall be secured by durable
means, so as to take away all probable hopes of re-
eovery. It fulfils it far more effectually than do
Zenophon's "walls, strongholds and barriers."
The plain truth is, that the government of Texas
shows, at this very moment, more signs of stability
than that of Mexico; and that the "province," to
say the least of it, has quite as good a chance to
conquer the mother country, as the mother country
to resubjugate the "province."
This, I admit, has not, even since the battle of
St. Jacinto, always been so. It is Time, the enac-
tor of, and voucher for, the Common Law under
which we live—it is Time, that has perfected the
Texian title. "What to-day is fact," as some one
has well expressed it, "to-morrow becomes doc-
trine." For a brief space after Houston's brilliant
victory, the world still remained in suspense as to
the ultimate issue of the contest. The "durable
means" had not yet been used, to secure permanent
possession. And while that condition of things
lasted, scrupulously did the United States conform
to its requirements. In the autumn of 1836, Texas
formally applied for admission into our confeder-
acy. What did our Chief Magistrate—he who
now, in his retirement, bids us not delay? Did he
evince (as the gentleman from Massachusetts
charges that we have evinced) indecent haste, to
obtain this rich territory? On the contrary, he re-
jected the overture. "A too early movement," said
General Jackson, "might subject us, however un-
justly, to the charge of seeking to establish the
claims of our neighbors to territory, "with a view to
its subsequent acquisition by ourselves."
A second time, in August, 1837, the Texians ap-
plied, through their Minister General Hunt, desir-
ing to be annexed to our Union. And yet again—.
this time by Mr. Van Buren—the proposal was
declined.
Thus, in the early stage of Texian self-govern-
ment, we but acknowledged her independence as
existing in fact. We suffered year after year to
set its seal of permanence on the existence and the in-
stitutions of the young republic, before we permitted
ourselves to accept any offers, however advantage-
ous, that involved the question of the validity in. law
of that independence, and the consequent compe-
tency of Texas to convey, under good title, her ter-
ritory.
But tiie years of suspense and probation have
passed. It is weakness, not prudence, in us longer
to delay her full recognition. In former years we
judged the fact of the independence of Texas for the
time being, and acknowledged her de facto. Now,
we judge of her permanent independence, and ac-
knowledge her also de jure. We are, for ourselves,
in both cases, the judge. That is, as a sovereign
people, our privilege.
What plea will Mexico or Mexico's friends set
up, in arrest of that judgment' 1 bethink me of
but one; Mexico has a thousand times urged it; it
is the burden of her justification. The plea is,
that the Texian struggle was a rebellion, not a revo-
lution; that the Texians are still but rebels and
traitors, and have none of the rights of enemies in
war.
It might be enough to reply, as Webster replied
to Bocanegra:
"The government of the T'nited States does not maintain,
and never has maintained, the doctrine of perpetuity of nat-
ral allegiance. And surely Mexico maintain* no such doc-
trine; because her actual existing government, like that of
the United State?, is foundc d on the principle that men may
throv." of! the obligation of that allegiance to which they
were born."
But there lacks not authority higher than Web-
ster's in the case. Vattel has treated it at large.
Here is the substance of his doctrine;
