112
CONGRESSIONAL ©LOBE:
mother of republics—religion and the press have for
centuries been struggling against the interference of
law; with partial, but positive success. And com-
merce, if at' some distance, has been gradually fol-
lowing their footsteps. All proceed in one direc-
tion;, all tend to one goal.
f From such facts the inference is, that in our re-
public, as elsewhere, we shall gradually govern less;
that the province of our federal legislation will con-
tract as our territory expands. If it does—and that
it will the past .may vouch—safely, yes, most bene-
ficially may this Union and its blessings spread over
the entire continent of. North America; each inde-
pendent State secure in its own separate sovereignty,
and but increasing by its accession, the wealth, the
power, and the safety of the Great Confederacy.
1 shall notice yet another objection. It is, that
annexation'brings, in its train, the scourge of war;
■while by refusing to annex, we obtain, surely and
permanently, the blessings of peace. Let us sift
thig matter a little.
, iXsro paths are open before us. The one, to de-
clare, as most righteously we may, the legal inde-
pendence of Texas; to act boldly on that declara-
tion; to accept what not a government in Europe, if
similarly situated, would dream of refusing, the
proposition twice already made to us, that we
should receive again Texas within our borders; and
then—as all men and all nations must, be,their con-
duct ever so scrupulous—to abide the consequences.
The other—ah, that, we shall be told, is the path of
safety and of peace! At its entrance, it may be;
many a path of danger and of death has a fair and
pleasant entrance. Let us look to the end. Say
that we reject Tfexas, and leave her and Mexico to •
settle their quarrel.- Very well. By so doing, we
sooth the insolence of Mexico, and quiet the jeal-
ousy of England. That is satisfactory. England
makes a free-trade treaty with Texas; extending
.over that republic (as the phrase now is) her "Pro-
tectorate." Let that pass! Mexico, relieved from
ell apprehension of interference from us, proceeds to
carry into effect the inhuman threats she has lately
made against our Texian neighbors. Is that to
pass, too? Before we enter this "same path of peace,
let ua look a little in advance, and settle, which is
our way out. Mexico has formally, publicly, offi-
cially warned the Texians to evacuate their country;
.and declares, that, if they refuse, every one who
shall be guilty of the crime of being found anywhere
in Texas three miles from her western frontier, shall
be put to death. Is that, in this nineteenth century
-incredible? It is true. Witness the "Orders of
-General Woll," as officially communicated by our
Secretary of State, carrying out the provisions of
Santa Anna's decree of June 17; a decree, which
forbids all quarter to the Texians, under penalty, to
the officers non-complying, of the loss of their com-
missions. Here is the black record:
"ORDERS OF GENERAL WOLL.
''Headquarters of the Army of the North,
Mitv., June 20, 1844.
"I, Adrian "Woll, General of Brigade, &e., make known:—
"1. The armistice agreed on with the department of Texas
having expired, and the war being, in consequence, recom*
menced against the inhabitants of the department, all com-
munication with it ceases. ,
"2. Every individual of whatever condition, who may
contravene the provisions oi the preceding article, shall be
regarded as a traitor, and shall receive the punishment pre-
scribed in article 45, title JO, treatise 8, of the articles of
•w&r.
"3. Every individual who may be found at a distance of
one league from the left bank of thp Rio Bravo, will be
regarded as a favorer and accomplice of the usurpers of that
part of the national territory, and as a traitor of his country s
-and, after a summary military trial, shall receive the abovt
punishment.
"4. Every individual who may be comprehended within
the provisions of the preceding'article, and may be rash
enough to fly at the sight of any force belonging to the
Supreme Government, shall be pursued, until taken or put
to death."
The orders are plain as language can make them.
The crime is being found in Texas. Every individual
from the fact of his being so found, is to be held and
deemed to be a "traitor ofhis country;" and,as such,
monstrous as it may seem ! all—for there is no dis-
tinction, no exception made or hinted at—EVERY
human being there found, is, after summary mil-
itary trial, to suffer a traitor's death!
In comfortably pursuing our path of peace and of
safety, these "Orders" meet our eye. Are we to pass
them by? To notice them might breed a quarrel.
Have we a right to notice them? I suppose the next
question will be, whether we have a right to fire on
the pirate's flag, or to thwart his good pleasure,
when h« bids his victims walk the plank, and con-
fifBg thtm to a watery grave. But, if needs be, we
may find proof, that the law of nations does, in some
cases—and this is one—permit us to follow the dic-
tates of mercy and justice.
In every civil war, as has been already shown
from Vattel, international law requires both parties
to ''observe the common laws of war, the maxims
of humanity, moderation and honor." What are
these laws? Let Yattel inform us.
"On an enemy's submitting and laying down his arms,
we cannot with justice take away his life. Thus, in a bat-
tie, quarter is given to those who lay down their arms; and,
in a siege, a garrison offering to capitulate are never to be
refused their lives."—Vattel, Book in , chap. 8.
"Women, children, feeble old mun, and sick persons,
come under the description of enemies; and we have certain
rights over them, inasmuch as they belong to the nation
with which we are at war. But they are enemies, who
ma!tc no resistance; and consequently we have no right to
maltreat their persons, much less to take away their lives.
This is so plain a maxim of justice and humanity, that, at
present, every nation in the least degree civilised acquiesces
in it"—Ihid.
"It was a dreadful error of antiquity, a most unjust and
savage claim, to assume a right of putting prisoners of war
to death, even by tbc hand of the executioner More just
and humane principles have, long since, been adopted."—
lbi£. •
But Mexico, we may be told, only threatens this
flagrant violation of the law of nations. The threat
is itself illegal. What we may not do, neither are
we permitted to threaten. Says Vattel:
''Whatever advantage you may promise yourself from an
unlawful proceeding, that will not warrant you in the use
of it. The menace of an unjust punishment is unjust in
itself; it is an insult and an injury."—Bosk Hi., chap. 8.
But the threat is idle, it has been said; merely
meant to intimidate; too horrible to be fulfilled. If
the bloodshed on the plains of Goliad had a voice;
if the wails of the Alamo could speak; would they
vouch for it, that Mexico is too tenderhearted to
keep her word? The treaty of capitulation with
poor Fannin was formally drawn up and signed by
both Mexican and Texian officers; yet the morning
of Palm Sunday saw four hundred disarmed men
marched out and shot down, like beeves in a
slaughter-house. From what has been we are jus-
tified in deciding what will be.
But still, if these threatened crimes are committed
by Mexico, where do we find warrant to interpose
and arrest them? That, too, shall be forthcoming.
It would be strange if it could not be found. Of
what use is a law without a penalty? Of what
avail the law of nations, if nations are not authoriz-
ed to see it obeyed. So decides Vattel:
"The laws of natural society are of such importance to
the safety of all the States, that, if the custom once prevailed
of trampling them under foot, no nation could flatter her-
self with the hope of preserving her national independence,
and enjoying domestic tranquillity. * * * All nations
have therefore a right to resort to forcible means for the pur*
poie of repressing ar>y one particular nation who openly vio-
lates the laws of the society which nature has established be-
tween them, or who directly attacks the welfare and safety
ofthat society.'1— Vattel Prelim.p Ixiv.
Here, then, we have the law and its application.
Mexico has openly violated, and declared her pur-
pose, in aggravated form, again openly to violate,
the holiest laws of civilized society. By so doing
she justifies us in resorting to force for the purpose
of repressing her. Shall we do so? It is not
always expedient to avail ourselves of a right.
"VVe are not bound to becomc the Don duix-
otes of the age and sally forth to redress
all the grievances of the civilized world. That has
never, so far, been the policy of our country.
Greece and Poland had more or less of our sympa-
thy, and that was all. We assumed not to decide
on the British doings in Afghanistan, or to judge
the conduct of the opium war against China. But
Texas is our next neighbor, and was once under our
special guardianship. We are, to employ the law
phrase in its strictest sense, her nearest friend. To
us, if to any nation upon earth, she has a right to
look for succor and protection. Shall we forsake
her now?
If such be our decision, it behooves us, as pru-
dent men, fully to digest our plan; and trace it to its
final consequences.
Say that we remain inactive-and neutral, and suf-
fer things to take their course. What happens;
Just at this moment Mexico is embroiled at home.
But her civil wars are ever of short duration. And
to Texas it matters little which of the barbarians
triumph. They have bo*h, like Hannibil at the
altar, sworn eternal enmity to her. They vie with
each other in protestations of zeal. Death and de-
struction to the Texians'.—that, even now, is the
theme of every despatch, the burden of every proc-
lamation. The victor, be he Paredes or Santa An-
na, is pledged to carry out, without delay, in ail its
barbarity, the menaced invasion. To sustain and
give brilliancy to nSwly-gotten power, he must re-
deem his pledge. Imagine the sequel! The Rio
Bravo is crossed. Another league, and a ruffian
soldiery—their swords yet wet wi h the blood of
their countrymen—enter the doomed land. Must I
call up before you the scenes that are to ensue?
Cruel, at best, and terrible, is the trade of war! But
a war of extermination! A war, where the ey§
pities not! where the sword spares not! where
the command is, fo save alive none that breathe!
Conquerors, even in the flnsh of victory, have wept
over a field of battle, where the strong man died,
his weapon in his hand, the frown of defiance yet
unfaded from his brow. But a field of slaughter,
indiscriminate slaughter, slaughter of the defence-
less, the unresisting!—a field, where mingle, defiled
in dust and gore, the white locks of venerable age
and the fair soft hair of unoffending childhood!
Think—think what it is—this carnage of a nation,
without distinction of age, of condition—there is
yet more—of SEX !—Do you remember the words
of the Dramatist'
"The man who lays his hand upon a woman,
Save in the way of kindness, is a wretch,
"Whom 'twere base flattery to call a coward!"
And it is woman—it is that gentle being whom
the desert lion himself is said to pity and to spare—
it is the young mother—her infant charge sheltered
in her arms—it is the wife and mother, fleeing to
rescue her person from the pollution of a brutal
banditry—to save the child of her bosom from their
murderous steel—it is even she, to adopt, in all
their cold official atrocity, the words of the decree
of blood, who, if she be "rash enough to fly"—at
the sight of this approaching horde of assassins—
is to be "pursued until taken or put to death!"
And what then? The report of these deeds of
crime and shame is to come to us across the Sabine.
The story of each succeeding brutality is to sink
down, in all its damning details, into the hearts of
our people. The South, with her fiery pulse and her
hot chivalry, is to hear it. The West, with her
fearless spirit and her quick sympathies, is to hear
it. The North—yes, the North, less quickly roused,
yet bearing, under her snow, a warm heart of pity—
is to hear it. And, when the, shadow of these
deeds of darkness has settled down, like a pall over
the entire land, I ask it yet again, what then?—"It
is no concern of ours. Let them perish !"—Will
that be the language—that the spirit—of young
America? I—but her adopted child—even 1 dare,
in this, to answer for her. No, no, a thousand
times no) We may turn over here the leaves of
musty volume?; we may quote black letter within
these walls, in proof, that it is ourbounden duty to
stand passively by, without an effort to save, with-
out a protest to avert, and see our brethren of Tex-
as, their wives and their little ones, butchered before
our eyes. See if the People will not make the case
their own! We have not yet, in this hemisphere,
reached the age of placid indifference. A nation's
early youth, like man's, is full of warm and gener-
ous impulse. You will see it •' Mark what the de-
cision of this nation will be ! That we have a right
to interfere. I tell you, no!—other than that
will be her language—that we have no right
to hold back! There is a law more holy, far
more imperative than the law of the statute
book—the unwritten law of the human
heart—that law, which taught the Samaritan that he
was the neighbor of him who fell among thieves.
And that law, speaking from the hearts of a young
and noble people, will declare to us, that if we pass
by on the other i-ide and abandon our neighbois of
Texas to their fate, ours is the crime, ours the scan'
dal, ours, before the world, the shame! And so it
is! When we sit tamely down under threats like
these—when mercy and courage are so quenched
within us, that we suffer, unprotestfd, outrage thus
infamous on the law of nature and of nations—out-
rage, we are expressly told, that is to spread its
crimson stain even to its very borders—then let our
fair national escutcheon trail, shame-stained, in (he
dust; we are not worthy to give its broad folds to
the free and gentle breeze of Heaven!
I speak warmly, sir, I feei warmly. Who may
touch on subjects like that with a quiet pulse? Yet
do I place my confidence in an appeal to sober judg-
ment, not to hasty passion. I but ask yon, to look
into the future before you act. That is the part of
wi dom. 1 but ask you, to examine, step by step,
the issue of the policy which the friends of peace at
any price would have us pursue, I ask you to re*
fleet, whether, in taking" those steps, we' shall fes
