114
CONGRESSIONAL GLOfcE.
The' petition represents, that the undersigned
inhabitants of the parishes of Ascension and Iber-
ville, State of Louisiana, have recently heard with
astonishment that patents have lately been issued by
the present, Secretary of the Treasury in favor of the
'claimants under the Houma land claim, embracing
all the lands, except a portion pf those claimed by
front proprietors on the Mississippi river, from five
miles below Donaldsonville, on the left bank of the riv-
er to the river Iberville, a distance of forty miles by
the river, and sixteen in a direct line; thence extend-
ing down the Iberville, or bayou Manohac, to the
river Amit, about twenty miles; thence down the
Amit, about forty miles, to the lake Maurepas, and
and along said lake five or six miles to the lower
line of said claim; thence to the Mississippi river,
twenty-two and a half miles; being one hundred
miles around the claim, and sixty miles on the rear
or back line. That the lower line running back
crosses twe navigable rivers, to wit: the New
river and bayou Conway, forming the river Aca-
diene, the Little Amit river, each having at low wa-
ter 8 feet, or more, water in the channel at their
mouths, and are navigable many miles up.
The petitioners further represent that between
•two and three hundred families are now settled on the
lands covered by the patents illegally issued as afore-
said, some of them on Spanish grants confirmed, but
the greater number on landspurchased from the Uni-
ted States; and the whole of which have been greatly
improved by their labor. That the settlements on
these lands are well known to be among the oldest
settlements in Louisiana; and that the Spanish gov-
ernment, subsequent to the date of the Houma grant,
made other grants within the limits of this pretended
claim, not only on the Mississippi, the Iberville,
New river, and the Amit river, but between the
Mississippi and the Amit, showing concluisvely that
the Houma claim did not cover these grants. That
the title to the Houma claim is incomplete, not being
hounded, surveyed, or defined; and that the extent,
as.now claimed, was never found under the existence
of Spanish government. That the said claim has
been repeatedly rejected by Congress, and never re-
cognised by the General Land Office until the pres-
ent Secretary of the Treasury assumed the duties of
this office, (See the letter of G. Graham, Commis-
sioner of the General Land Office, of the 17th Febru-
ary, 1829, and the report of the Secretary of the
Treasury thereon, Senate document 197, of the 25th
Congress.) -
The petitioners further represent that the upper
•line of said grant, as now claimed, runs north 40
degrees west, and strikes the settlement on the Mis-
sissippi river, in the bend above, within about 20
acres from the place of beginning: and following said
line, passes withing half a mile of the Mississippi
river through a great number of sugar and cotton
plantations; and if run according to the grant, north
50 degress west, would strike the Mississippi river
in running about sixty acres. That it is a fact,
•which can be established, that the first line was
run and thus stfuck the river, when the claimants
•went back and took another departure north 40 de-
grees west.
Ttie petitioners would further represent that the
courts of the United States have decided against the
validity of the Houma grant, to the extent claimed,
an the case of Minor us. Tillotson. This case was
"decided in the circuit court of the United States at
New Orleans, against the validity of the Houma
claim; which decision was confirmed by the Supreme
Court of the United States in March, 1844.
Mr. J. observed, that to a certain extent,
the Houma claim is unquestionably valid; and
in his opinion to a greater extent than has been re-
cognised by the acts of Congress. The original
grant is indefinite as to limits; its boundaries being
undefined by any special call, and no survey of the
entire grant having been made under the existence
of the Spanish government, a question has arisen as
to the quantity of lands actually embraced therein.
The claim fronts on the left side of the Mississippi
river, and runs back, as surveyed by the claimants
since the American government took possession of
the country, to the river Amit, opening as described
in the petition referred to, and containing 188,716
acres of land.
Congress passed an act in 1805, providing for the
appointment of a board of commissioners for the
eastern district of the Territory of Orleans, ajid
smother board for the western district, requiring that
they should examine all land claims within their
respective districts presented for the purpose, and
Report the same to the Secretary of the Treasury,
with the evidence taken in support thereof, together
with their opinion as to the validity of such claims, to
be laid before Congress subject to their de-
termination thereon. In conformity to the pro-
visions of this law, the claimants under the Houma
grant presented their claims to the commissioners of
the eastern district, with the evidences, &c., of their
title. A majority of the board recommended the
said claims for confirmation to their full extent;
which report was laid before Congress by Mr. Gal-
latin, the then Secretary of the Treasury, who dis-
approved the recommendation of the board. Con-
gress, in 1814, passed an act confirming the said
claims to the extent of a^league square. In Louisi-
ana it is considered that a league square contains
5,416 acres. In Missouri, I believe, they calculate
a league tq contain 6,002.5 acres. But this differ-
ence is a matter of no importance as it regards this
discussion.
Since the passage of the act of 1814, confirming
these claims to the extent of a league square, the
claimants have repeatedly applied to Congress, with-
out effect, praying that their claims might be con-,
firmed, so as to embrace the whole quantity claim-
ed—188,216.69 acres. And for the last thirty years,
he thought, they had annually applied to 'the Com-
missioner of the General Land Office for patents,
embracing 188,216 acres, instead of 5,416, contend-
ing that they required no further act of Congress.
The Commissioner, and other officers attached to
the General Land Office, have repeatedly, within
the said period, as he was informed, reported against
these applications, after having obtained the opin-
ions of different attorney generals of the United
States.
When he took his seat in this body last spring,
there was then pending before the Senate a bill
purported to provide for the adjudication of certain
large claims in Louisiana, which had not been re-
cognised by Congress. So far as this object was
provided for, he had no objection to the bill. But it
contained a further provision, directing patents
to be issued at once in favor of the claimants,
under the Houma grant, for the whole of their
claim—188,216 acres—without a judicial decis-
ion in their favor. Being informed of the
character of these claims, assd of all the circum-
stances to which he had referred, he consid-
ered it his duty to oppose this provision of the bill,
which, after considerable discussion, was rejected
by a large majority of the Senate, leaving the claim
to be adjusted under the provisions of the bill which
passed, as provided for the adjudication of the other
large claims in Louisiana. Independently of the
conflicting claims referred to in the petition which
has been read, he could see no reason why patents
should be directed to be issued in favor of the claim-
ants under this grant in preference to those holding
under the Maison Rouge claim, which is certainly a
very strong one, and under, the Bastrop, and other
claims in Louisiana.
Notwithstanding all these proceedings, and this
state of the case', the present Secretary of the
Treasury, shortly afler he assumed the duties of his
office, directed patents to be issued in favor of the
claimants under the said Houma grants, for the
whole quantity claimed—188,216 acres; and on his
(Mr. J.'s) arrival here, at the commencement of the
present session of Congress, patents have been ac-
tually issued in favor of two of the claimants for
64,700 acres; and an order had been given by the
secretary, directing a patent in favor of the other
claimant, as soon as a patent certificate should be
produced from New Orleans, (which is now here,)
for 123,516 acres. With the view of bringing this
question before the Senate as early as practicable,
he had offered a resolution some time since, which
was adopted, calling on the Secretary of the Treas-
ury for information in regard to the matter; and he
addressed him a letter, stating that the question as to
the legality of issuing said patents was pending be-
fore the Senate, and suggested the propriety of sus-
pending the patent directed to be issued, as before
stated, until Congress shall have acted on the sub-
ject. Whether it has since been suspended in con-
sequence of his letter, or how long it may yet be
suspended, he could not say, for he had had no con-
versation with the secretary upon the subject.
The high respect he entertained for the character
of the Secretary of the Treasury, and for the office
he held, prevented him from characterizing his acts,
in directing the patents to be issued, in the cases re-
ferred to, as he thought they merited.
He had at first intended referring the resolution
to the Committee on Private Land Claims; but as
the question now presented was strictly a legal one,
arising out of the construction of acts of Congress,
he was of opinion that it should go to the Commit-
tee on the Judiciary. Should the committee, after
an examination of the case, concur in the views
which have been presented, they would at once, he
hoped, report a bill declaring void the patents which
have been thus illegally issued; and prohibit, by
joint resolution, or otherwise, tjie issuing of the
other patent directed to be issued by the Secretary
of the Treasury in favor of the other claimants.
It was stated here, yesterday, that the last patent
had been issued. It was not so. He had been in-
formed that it was not issued. It is suspended; but
how long it will remain so, he did not know. The
resolution was one merely of inquiry as to the pro-
priety of annulling the patents. He thought there
was no doubt as to the power of Congress to annul
the pateats if they were issued through fraud or
error, or if issued in violation of law. Whilst
he was up, he hoped the committee would
bear with- him for one moment, as the sub-
ject was -one of moment to individuals, - and
of great interest to the United States. He
then referred to the act of Congress of April, 1814,
for the final adjustment of- land titles in the State of
Louisiana, and showed that no claim exceeding
one league square could be confirmed. The law
forbade the Commissioner of the General Land Of-
fice to confirm any claim reported upon by the board
of commissioners exceeding in quantity one league
square. The secretary, in his opinion directing the
issuing of those patents, refers to this law, and
another act of Congress passedat the same session,
and simply says that these claims are confirmed un-
der those laws. Now he would ask whether these
claims were confirmed under these two Ian s. The
other act of 1814 is an act concerning certificates.
There is nothing in it about the confirmation of
claims, but authorizes the issuing of certificates for
claims confirmed by the other laws. There was
nothing in the law confirming claims, but directing
the manner the certificates and surveys should be
returned. Every commissioner for thirty years past
opposed, and the present commissioner was now-
opposed to, the issuing of patents for these claims.
He thought the Commissioner of the General Land
Office was to blame, in this instance, for yielding to
the Secretary of the Treasury, who had no authori- -
ty to direct him to issue patents for these claims,
which were not confirmed by law. There was no
authority for the act, and in any point of view it
was a most extraordinary proceeding. The first
law to which the secretary, in his opinion, refers to
justify the act, only confirms claims not exceeding a
league square, (seme 6,000 acres,) and he has direct-
ed the issuing of a patent for 185,000 acres. The
other act to which he refers does not, as he before
said, confirm any claims, or relate to their
confirmation; but directs surveys to be made,
&c. If the Commissioner of the General Land
Office was satisfied that the certificates were in con-
formity to law, and legal surveys, then he directs
the patents to be issued, and not the Secretary of the
Treasury. Although there was general power in
the secretary to control the commissioner, yet.in this
case he had not the power, because the law express-
ly provided that the commissioner should issue the
patents if the claims were confirmed under the law of
1814, referred to.
Mr. DAYTON said he did not intend to consume
the time of the Senate in discussing this resolution,
becausehe knew nothing, of the matter. Itseemed to
him, from the reading of the resolution, that it put
a burden on the Judiciary Committee which was
not only exceedingly onerous, but a burden which
they had no legitimate right to perform. It burdens
them with an inquiry as to the legality of certain
patents issued by the government. The duty of is-
suing these patents belongs to one branch of the
government by the power of law, and whether
rightfully or wrongfully, he has thought proper
to issue them. We are called on to look into this
act, done under authority of law, by another branch
of the government, and to pass a law to render the
act invalid. He merely wished to preclude the
question that bound the committeee to report in the
manner provided by the resolution, and moved the
following proviso as an amendment to the resolution,
as follows:
Provided, That the said committee.before the investigation
thereof shall think Congress has the lessal ri^ht to interfere
therewith, in the manner provided, and shall deem it expe-
dient to do so.
Mr. JOHNSON said he did not object to the pr<>-
