120
CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
find aonstitutional powers to bring Louisiana within
the Union, would not have found tha power that
was now claimed to exist, if it was contained in the
constitution? He had great dsubts of the existence
of the power, but placed the acquisition of Louisiana
on the ground of overwhelming necessity, and the
great- interests of the people of the United States;
and when he consented, he did it with the salvo that
he hoped the good sense of the people would avoid
such a difficulty in future. Now, was not Texas as
completely a foreign nation as Louisiana then was?
Was not Texas as much a sovereign and independ-
ent nation as France was when she ceded Louisiana?
If this power to acquire foreign territory existed in
the constitution, did any body believe that so saga-
cious a statesman as Thomas Jefferson would have
failed to find it? Let gentlemen persuade themselves,
if they could, that this question of constitutional
power was a clear one. For his part, he denied
that there was a single solitary sentence in the con-
stitution which contained this power. But the pow-
er to acquire territory had been placed by some, on
the power given in the constitution to borrow money,
and that argument was thus stated: the borrowing
of money was a contract which Congress was au-
thorized to make. The acquisition of Texas was
a contract; and therefore Congress had power to
make it. Now, the reason for giving this power of
borrowing money to Congress was, because it was
peculiarly proper that the representatives of the peo-
ple should hold the purse strings of the nation. But
it might as well be said that, because Congress had
the power to borrow money, which was, in fact, a
contract, they might make any other contract which
came within the treaty making-power ._J
It was clear that Congress had power to admit
new States into the Union; but he asserted that the
admission ofVermont afforded no precedent, as had
been intimated, for the annexation of Texas. Ver-
mont, before her admission, had passed to New
Hampshire or to New York, by the royal grants of
kings of England, and Vermont came into this
Union as Ohio and Tennessee came into it. But
why had not Florida and Iowa and Nebraska come
into the Union? It was because certain prerequisites
were necessary, of which population was not the
least important. He was understood to argue on
the incertitude with respect to the population of
Such portion of Texas as it was proposed to make a
State, that the requisite population should be shown
AS in the cases of those Territories which were now
.asking to be admitted into this Union; otherwise a
majority in Congress* could increase the number of
representatives on this floor, and of senators in the
other branch of this government, in defiance of the
constitution. By this means, too, a dominant party
might increase the electoral votes ad libitum. Iowa
might be divided into ten States; other portions of
the country might be divided in an equal ratio, with-
out regard to population; and he appealed to them
not to exercise a doubtful power, which might create
a precedent fraught with such dangerous conse-
quences.
Mr. SHEPHERD CARY, in addressing the
House, said that the gentleman from Maryland who
"had just spoken had relieved him from the necessi-
ty of informing the House that there was no divis-
ion upon this subject in the whig party; and he re-
f retted that there had been any manifestation of a
ifference of opinion in the democratic party upon
the question. He was astonished that any of his
southern friends should undertake to divide the
democratic party of the Union by Mason & Dix-
on's line. Were he to tell the democrats of his dis-
trict that there was a sectional difference in the de-
mocracy of the country, they would not believe him.
They had been accustomed to regard democratic
principles of general application, exerting their in-
fluence alike upon every section of the country. It
was not for any portion of the democracy to claim
patriotism or chivalry as belonging exclushely to
their section of the Union.
He said that he held his seat in the House in de-
fiance of the combined efforts of abolitionism and
federalism, aided by the money of manufacturing
monopolists and Boston stockjobbers; and his con-
stituents would be surprised to find themselves in
such company as the gentleman from Alabama had
placed them. The fields of Eladensburg had been
too recently stained with the blood of one of tha
most distinguished sons of Maine, who fell a mar-
tyr to the freedom of speech upon that floor, in de-
fending democratic principles, to allow the patriot-
ism of the northern democracy to be questioned by
any section of our Un on.
Mr. YANCEY rose to explain. He regretted to
find, from the remarks of his friend, the gentleman
from Maine, thata portion of his Bpeech, delivered in
the committee a few days since, had' been misap-
Erehended. It had been supposed by some that he
ad designed to express the opinion that the people
north of Mason & Dixon's line were deficient in
those high qualities which make up the character of
the patiiot and statesman. Such was certainly very
far from his intention; and had he not been cut off
in the midst of that portion of his argument, the
balance of what he designed to have said would
have convinced the committee that he entertained a
high regard for the character of a very large por-
tion of his fellow-citizens of the North; and that he
fully appreciated the noble and statesmanlike bear-
ing of some of the great men of that section of the
Union. The general tenor and course of his re-
marks were upon Massachusetts men and measures.
Mr. CARY resumed.
In alluding to the gentleman from Indiana, [Mr. C.
B. Smith,] Mr. C. said he had very kindly offered his
services to reconcile some little difficulties of opinion
existing in the democratic party upon the question
under discussion. Mr. C. said that whatever family
difficulties might exist, there was no necessity for
whig interference; democrats can settle their own
matters, and he, for one, was not too conscientious
to own his democracy, and had only to say, God
save the democrat who required a whig for a con-
science-keeper. In his view, this measure
could not be put in any form that would be palata-
ble to the whigs. !t was idle to think of it.
It must be settled by the party holding a ma-
jority in the House, in a way to suit them-
selves, with a certainty of their opposition. Op-
position to the annexation of Texas had been
proclaimed in the British Parliament, in 1830, by
Mr. Huskisson; and of course, under such circum-
stances, we must expect the opposition of the fede-
ral party in this country. The British government
say we have now too much territory on the Gulf of
Mexico, and the federal party of this country, with
their British feelings, at once say, amen.
Slavery and war are the great bugbears to fright-
en us from our purpose; but, in his view, (said Mr.
C.,) the democracy had nothing to fear from the
slaveholding portion of the Union. The constitu-
tion having recognised slavery, the democracy of
his district were willing to leave it to the manage-
ment of those who had power over it. He had
heard of a man who had acquired a fortune by
minding his own business, aDd he thought the ex-
ample would be a good one to follow.
rMr. C. went on to say that nothing would satify
the opponents of this measure. When the treaty
for annexation was before the Senate, the President
was denounced as a usurper, seizing upon the war-
making power of the country; anil when Congress
undertakes to legislate upon the subject, it is de-
nounced as an assumption of the executive power,
on the ground that the executive only is authorized
to make treaties. But the treaty for the purchase of .
Louisana guarantied thepayment of $15,000,000; and
the purchase of Texas would require $10,000,000.
Have the treaty-making power the right to appro-
priate money from the tieus\?ry under the constitu-
tion? He had not seen the clausc in the constitu-
tion granting such power to the executive. If there
were any doubts upon this point, he would go to
the clause empowering the House of Representa-
tives, and the House only, to originate money bills;
and the power to pay must imply the ri^ht to pro-
cure and appropriate—a right not vested in the ex-
ecutive. He would ask, on the othei hand, where-
in Congress would exceed its authority by admit-
ting Texas by legislative enactment. It is au-
thorized by the constitution to make all
laws to carry its pro-visions into effect; and its au-
thority clearly grants the power to admit new States
—a power winch cannot be exercised without the
right to acquire the territory from which States may
be created. Could there be any danger from the
exercise of this power by Congress? It is said to be
entrenching upon the executive; but is not the
President armed, much to the chagrin of the whig
party, with the veto power, which enables him to
throw all acts back upon us, making necessary the
Kame constitutional majority now required to ratify
treaties?
The gentleman from New York had told us that
he was in favor of the annexation of Texas, but op-
posed to admitting it in any other form than by ex-
ecutive action; which amounts to an opposition to
the admission upon any terms, as it is well known
that more than one-third of the Senate are already
bound by party alliances to oppose the measure in -
every form.
Mr. C. further supported the measure upon va-
rious other grounds, which we are not able to re-
port to-night.
Mr. SAMPLE next obtained the floor, but he
gave way for a motion to rise, and the committee
rose and reported progress. ,
On the motion of Mr. HAMMETT, some com-
munication (the purport of which could not be
heard) was referred to the Committee on Foreign
Affairs.
The House then adjourned.
The following notices of petitions, presented to-
day, were handed to the reporters by the members
presenting them:
By Mr. CALDWELL: The petition of James Farris, of
Casey county, Kentucky, asking for a pension: referred to
the Committee on Revolutionary Pensions.
By Mr. HOGE: The petition of Joseph Knox and 113
others, citizens of the State of Illinois, praying the passage
of a law granting to the said State of Illinois 500,000 acres
of the unsold public lands, to enable her in part to dis-
charge her debt and complete her works of internal im-
provement: referred to the Committee on Public Lands.
By Mr. JOHN STEWART: The petition of the Hartford
and New Haven Railroad company, praying Congress to re-
fund to said company the duty paid on the iron -which they
have recently imported and laid down m the completion of
their road.
By Mr. BIDLACK: The memorial of citizens of Beaver
county, Pennsylvania, in favor of tire completion of the ca-
nal around the falls of St. Mary's, at tlie outlet of Lake Su-
perior: referred to the Committee on Roads and Canals.
The petition of B. F. Wesley, for a pension as an invalid:
referred to the Committee on Invalid Pensions.
By Mr. McCATJSLEN: The petition ot citizens of Penn-
sylvania and Ohio, for a mail route from Washington, Penn-
sylvania, to Cleveland, Ohio, via "Wellsrille: referred to
the Committee on the Post Office and Post Itoads.
By Mr. REDING: The petition of Sarah Stickney, of -
New Hampshire, asking for an amendment of the pension
laws.
By Mr. MOSKLF.Y:' Five seveial petitions from citizens
of Buffalo. New York, for an appropriation for a sea wall to
protect Buffalo harbor
By Mr BOW'LIN: The petition and documents of Bent,
St. Vrain & Co., praying Congress for compensation for
goods, wares, and merchandise lorcibly wrested from them
by the Pawnee Indians while they were licensed traders in
the Jndian country: referred to the Committee on Indian
By Mr. MURPHY: The petition of Henry J. Willet and
George \V. Lee, clerks at the navy yard in New York,
praying an increase of compensation: referred to the Com-
mittee on Naval Affairs.
By Mr. CALEB B. SMITH: A memorial and resolution#
adopted by citizens of Dublin, "Wayne county, Indiana, in
favor of an appropriation for the Cumberland road, against
the annexation of Texas, and against a modification of the
existing tariff.
By Mr.BUFFINGTON: The memorial of Robert M. Rid-
die and 39 others, citizens of western Pennsylvania, pray-
ing for the speedy opening of a ship communication be-
tween Lakes Huron and Superior by a canal around the
straits of St. Mary.
By Mr FULLER: The petition of John Adams, of Har-
ford, Pennsylvania, a Goldier in the war of the revolution,
now in the 100th year of his age, asking pecuniary relief:
referred to the Committee on Revolutionary Pensions.
HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES.
Friday, January 10, 1845.
The journal of yesterday was read and approved.
ANNEXATION OF TEXAS.
Mr. HALE asked the indulgence of the House to
enable him to offer a proviso to any proposition that
might be adopted by this House for the annexation
of Texas, that it might be committed to the Com-
mittee of the Whole on the state of the Union, and
printed.
The reading was called for.
The CLERK read it accordingly. It proposes
that, if Texas is admitted, she shall be divided into
two parts—in one of which there shall be no slave-
ry, nor involuntary servitude, except as a punish-
ment for crime.
Mr. McCONNELL, Mr. BURKE, Mr. SLI-
DELL, and oilier"?, objected to its reception, and it
was not received.
HOUR OF MEETING.
The SPEAKER announced that the first ques-
tion in order was on the re.^olution offered on a pre-
vious occasion by Mr. Thompson to change the
hour of meeting to 11 o'clock; to which Mr. D. L.
(Seymour had submitted an amendment as a substi-
tute, providing for?n evening session.
Mr. BRODHEAD moved the previous question.
Mr. HOLMES moved to lay the resolution oil
the table.
Mr. DUNCAN asked for the yeas and nays.
And they were ordered; and being taken, result^
