CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
m
ed—yeas'78, nays $3. So the resolution was not
bid on the table.
The SPEAKER then put the question on Mr.
Brodhead's motion for the previous question, and
there was a second—69 voting in the affirmative and
65 in the negative.
On the question "shall the main question be now
put'" the vote was ordered to be taken by tellers,
and Messrs. Hale and Winthrop were appointed,
and" they reported 61 in the affirmative.
Mr. HOPKINS rose while the negative votes
were being counted—which were evidently a mi-
nority—and demanded the yeas and nays.
The yeas and nays were ordered; and being taken,
resulted—yeas 90, nays 86. So the main question
was ordered to be how put.
And the main question being put on agreeing to
the substitute amendment of Mr. Seymour, provi-
ding for a daily, session at 7 o'clock, p. m., .was ta-
ken, and decided m the negative by a large majority.
So the amendment was rejected.
The question then recurring on the original reso-
lution-j-
Mr. McCONNELXj called for tellers; which were
ordered.
Mr. STEWART of Connecticut called for the
yeas and nays; which were refused.
The question then being taken by tellers, was de-
cided in the negative—ayes 72, noes 79.
'§o the resolution was rejected.
TEXAS - DIVIDED SLAVERY AND ANTI-
SLAVERY.
Mr. HALE moved a suspension of the rules to
enable him to offer the proviso which he had given
notice of his intention to move as an amendment to
the resolution or resolutions for the annexation of
Texas, in order to refer to the Committee of the
Whole on the state of the Union, and have it printed;
arrd on this motion he demanded the yeas and nays.
The following is the the proviso of Mr. Hale:
Fro'.ided, That immediately after the question of bourula
ry between the United States ot America and Mexico shall
have been definitively settled by the two governments, and
before any State formed of the territory of Texas shall be
admitted into the Union, the said Territory of Texas shall
be divided as follows, to wit: Beginning at a point on the
Gulf of Mexico midway between the northern and southern
boundaries thereof on the coast; and thence by a line run-
ning in a northwesterly direction to the extreme boundary
thereof, so as to divide the same as nearly as possible into
two equal parts; and in that portion of said territory lying
BOuth and west of the line so run as aforesaid, there shall be
neither slavery nor involuntary servitude, otherwise than in
the punishment of crimes,^whereof the party shall have been
duly convicted: Jind provided further, that this provision
shall be considered as a compact between the people of the
United States and the people" of said territory, and forever
remain unalterable, unless by the consent of three-fourths
of the States of the Union.
The yeas and nays having been ordered, the ques-
tion was-taken, ana decided in the negative, (there
not being a majority of two-thirds,) yeas 92, nays
82, as'follows:
YEAS—Messrs. Abbot, Adams, Anderson, Baker, Ben-
ton, Bidlack, Brinkerhoff, Jeremiah Brown, Carpenter,
Jeremiah E. Gary, Carroll, Catlin, Clinch, Collamer. Dana,
Richard D. Davis, Dean, Dickey, Dillingham, Duniap,
Elmer, Farlee, Fish, Florence, Foot, Fuller, Giddings, Grin-
nell, Hale, Hannibal Hamlin, Edward S. Hamlin, Hardin,
Harper, Hernck, Hudson, Hudgerford, James Hunt, Perley
B. Johnson, Andrew Kennedy, Preston King, Daniel P. King,
Kirkpatrick, Leonard, Lyon, Maclay, McClelland, Well-
vaine, Maish, Edward J. Morris, Joseph Morris, Freeman
H -Morse, Moseley, Murphy, Nes, Paterson, Phcenix,
Pollock, ElishaR. Potter, Emery D.Potter, Fiatt, Purdy,
Ramsey, Rathbun, Charles M. Reed, Reding, Ritter, Robin-
60n, Rockwell, Rodney, Rogers, Sample, Severance, Thos.
II. Seymour, David L. Seymour, Simons, T. Smith, Caleb B.
Smith, Stephens, Stetson, John Stewart, Summers, Sykes,
Tyler, Vanmeter, Vinton, Wentworth, "VVheaton, Benjamin
White, Williams, Winthrop, Joseph A. Wright and Yost
—92.
NAYS—Messrs. Amngton, Ashe, Barringer, Belser, Ed
ward J. Black, James Black, James A. Black, Bower,
B6wlin, Boyd, Brengle, Brodh^ad, Aaron V. Brown, Milton
Brown, William J. Brown, Burke, Burt, Caldwell, Camp-
bell, Shepherd Gary, Augustus A. Chapman, Chappell,
Chilton, Clinton, Cross, Cullom. Daniel, Garrett Davis,
John W. Davis, Dawson, Deberry, Dromgoole, Duncan,
Ficklin, Foster, French, Goggin, Grider, Hammett, Haral-
son, Hoge, Hopkins, Houston, Hubard, Joseph R. Tngersoll,
Jenks, Cav© Johnson, Andrew Johnson, George W. Jones,
John P. Kennedy, Labranche, Lucas, Lumpkin, McConnell,
McDowell, McKay, Newton, Norris, Payne. Pettit, Peyton,
Preston, David S. Reid, lthett, Senter, Shelf 11, John T.
Smith, Robert Smith, Spence, Steenrod, Stiles, J. W. Stone,
Strong, Taylor, Thoraasson, Thompson, Tibbats, Tucker,
Wethered, Jobn White, and Woodward—s£.
On motion of Mr. BOYD, leave was given to the
heirs of Henry King to withdraw their papers from
the files of the House.
RE ANNEXATION OF TEXAS.
On motion of Mr. JOHN W. PAV1S,
The House resolved itself into a Committed of
the Whole, (Mr. Hopkins in-the chair,) and re-
sumed the consideration of the joint, resolution for
the reannexation of Texas to the United States.
Mr. SAMPLE, after some preliminary .observa-
tions, observed that this question was anew one, so
far as regarded the power of the House tb act on
the subject. He denied that the House of Repre-
sentatives and Senate, in their legislative capacity,'
had the power to incorporate a foreign territory into
this Union. We, {said Mr. S.,) wlo are opposed
to the proposition, have called upon its advocates
for arguments showing the power of this govern-
ment to act on this matter; but they had called in
vain, for as yet thsy had heard no arguments which
had sufficient force to justify the measure. Some
gentlemen had declared that they would have Texas
m the Union, right or wrong; but he apprehended
that this would have no effect on the judgment of
the House. The gentleman from Illinois, [Mr.
Douglass,] in order, as he conceived, to avoid the
constitutional question, quoted the third section of
the fourth article of the constitution, wherein it is
declared that "new States may be admitted by the
Congress into this Union;" and he contended that
Congress had the power to admit Texas into the Union
in virtue of that article, and that the acquisition of
territory to make new States of, was incidental to that
power. Now, he humbly conceived that the acqui-
sition of territory was the main question, and the
other was the incidental one; because he could show
that in all the debates in the convention which form-
ed the constitution when this subject was under con-
sideration, it was always taken for granted that the
territory to make new States of should be within the
limits of the Union. The gentleman from Alabama,
[Mr. Belser] the other day, quoted the Virginia
resolutions, and declared that they were the doc-
trines of the democratic party at the present day.
He assented fully to those resolutions, and particu-
larly to the doctrine laid down in them, that all the
powers not granted to the federal government were
reserved to the States and the people thereof. Now,
he would ask the gentleman from Alabama where
the power was granted to acquire foreign territory?
Another gentleman contended that tins power was
inherent in the government by virtue of its sover-
eignty. He admitted that it was an attribute of
sovereignty to acquire territory; but the limits and
the constitution restricted Congress from acquiring
it in this way. As a sovereign we might make a
treaty with a foreign nation for the acquisition of
territory, because that question was settled by the
former practice of the government. Mr. S. then
proceeded to argue that foreign territory could only
be acquired in virtue of the treaty-making power.
But there was another question to which he must
give a passing notice. Suppose Congress should
adopt the proposition before them, and determine by
a vote of the two Houses that Texas shall be annex-
ed to this Union: in such a case, he knew of no act
that Congress might do in its legislative capacity,
that Congress-might not undo, when, in the change
of events^a majority of another party should get into
power. (Annex Texas by a law of Congress, and
by alaw of Congress annexation might be repealed:
and what stability would there be for the territories
of this Union while public opinion was so liable to
change. But again: the sovereignty of the people
was in themselves; and they had given their legis-
latures such powers as were necessary to'provide
for their welfare. If, then,' the people of Texas
were sovereign, how could the legislature,
by the exercise of any constitutional power which
has been conferred on them by the people, deprive
the people of their sovereignty? Had the legisla-
ture of Texas the power to attach Texas to this
Unjon? He' denied that it had.
£He then proceeded to show that it was not the
design of the framers of our constitution that power
to annex foreign territory should be conferred by
the 3d section of the 4th article of the constitu-
tion, which "gave authority to Congress'~"to admit
new States into this .Union. He said there was not
a word or syllable to authorize the government to
go beyond the territory then possessed. To sup-
port the position here taken, he quoted very largely
froui the debates in the convention for the formation
of our constitution.^
He next contended, as a matter of expediency,
that we should be bettor without Texas than with
it, whether viewed in a military or a commercial as*
pect. Texas independent, and she was a better
protection to us than if she belonged to us. How-
were the British to get there, for the purpose of in-
vading us, if Texas remained independent, (and he
trusted in God she would,) unless she entered into
alliances with that government? If, then, she re-
mained independent, the Gulf coast was protected
for us without our aid. He disapproved of the
spirit of aggrandizement and propagandism which
was exhibiting itself-amongst us. One gentleman
had said that it would not be long before the banner
of this country would float over the halls of Monte-
zuma; but if such a spirit of conquest should pre-
vail here, we should then have attained our meri-
dians Our policy was one of peace. But it -Wa*
said that it was necessary to acquire Texas for the
purpose of extending the area of freedom.
But, sir, said Mr. S., there is another area. £3Tou
acquire Texas to "extend the area of freedom," by
widening the boundary of slavery. There us no.
other necessity for the acquisition of this territory
except to gratify the policy, at this late day, in this
19th century," in the freest nation on earth, to ex-
tend, perpetuate, and strengthen the institution of
slavery. As long as this institution was suffered to
remain a domestic institution, applying exclusively
to the States in which it belonged, it was ncit for
him, it was not for the free States, who stood by the
guaranties of the ponstitution, to interfere with 'it.
If foreign invasion or domestic insurrection should
threaten them, we must assist in their defence. 'Ho
was a lover of the constitution; he would abideby
it, with all its compromises; but when he wasf called
upon on this'floor, or as a citizen of this country,'
to view the acquisition of this territory in a political
light, (and that it had become a political question
there could be no doubt,) then he should act differ-
ently. We were told by the Secretary of State, in
his letter to Mr. Pakenham, that it was a political
institution; they were told by the chairman of the
Committee on Foreign Affairs, [Mr. C. J. Inger-
soll]—and he presumed the gentleman spoke ex
cathedra on this subject—that it was a slave ques-
tion, a southern question; and they had been teld
yesterday by the gentleman from Ohio [Mr. Wel-
ler] that if there was no other reason for support-
ing this proposition than that it was calculated to
strengthen that institution, he would vote for it. He
regretted that this sectional discussion had been
forced upon them; but that that issue- had been
raised, no man on this floor would hesitate to ac-
knowledge. He was therefore obliged to enter
somewhat upon it also.}"
X He wished to call tKe attention to the position in
which the free States now stood; and he should
speak plainly. The gentleman from Illinois [Mr.
Douglass] had moved an amendment to the propo-
sition now under consideration, which amendment
provided that slavery should not exceed beyond
36g degrees of north latitude. He wished to have
the attention of the committee, and of the world, to
this map of Texas. He referred to the comparatively
small amount of land designated by this prop-
osition for the free State—an area not equal to
that of Illinois, not comprising, he ventured to Bay,
30,000 square miles of arable land. He also
further referred to the proposition now lying on
their table to admit Iowa and Florida into the
Union. The limits of Iowa, as presented by her
legislature, were more than 60,000 square miles 
equal to the whole of New York and nearly all of
Pennsylvania, occupying the whole territory be-
tween the Missouri and the Mississippi, and cutting
off every facility for forming new States: the limits of
Florida, as they found by turning to the report,
were 53,000 square miles, comprising swamps,
sand hills, and everything else; and it was to be
admitted, with the'privitege of hereafter,on attaining
a certain number of inhabitants, of making two
States. Was this to be borne? asked Mr. S. It
was folly .to attempt to conceal this matter; insidi-
ously as it had crept upon them, the object was too
clear. There was the record; two slave States were
to be erected out of Florida, and one free State of
Iowa, the latter territory being much larger. Was
not this a struggle for power? and were they not
right in resisting? The star of freedom had risen
over our country; it had been long in the ascendant;
it was shedding its refulgent rays upon a free,
happy, prosperous people; but make this infraction
on the constitution of the country, and it was the
signal for it to set, never more to rise.
Mr. DEAN said he had seldom risen to addreea
the House when he felt bo small a confidence in hi*
ability to do justice to the subject as he did at this
time, and to the important question now under con-
sideration. He looked upon it as one of the most
important that had ever been submitted to the de-
liberation of an American Congress, it was no
