12&
CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
less than the question of annexing to this Union an
entire free and independent sovereign State; and it
was not the-importance of the matter alone that was
ill controversy, but whether they possessed the con-
stitutional power to dispose of the subject by annex-
ing Texas. That was the great question, and, in
{lis humble opinion, the only question of magnitude
involved. He should not, in its examination, go
back to search among the musty records of that day
.■when the constitution was framed, in order to give
that instrument its true and proper construction.
Why seek for'the opinions of the men of the time
of the origin of the constitution for the purpose of
determining its true construction? That rule, which
was the result of their deliberations and wisdom,
had been chalked out in language so clear that it
seemed to him no man could misunderstand or mis-
apprehend. It was not to be disguised, however,
that there were gentlemen on the floor entertaining
serious objections to this measure, because they
believed they were not warranted by the constitu-
tion in doing this act. And he believed, yea, he
knew,-that there had never been a subject sub-
mitted to their consideration, that had called
forth so much inquiry, and so many projds
for its accomplishment, as this had'done. Some gen-
tlemen thought that Congress had the power to an-
nex new States to this Union, while they denied
utterly the power to them to acquire the territory
out of which those States were to be formed. There
were other gentlemen—and be was now speaking of
the democratic party.; when he came to speak of the
old federal party, now calling themselves whigs, he
should put them in general limits; there was no mis-
take in regard to their position—who entertained
different views. The chairman of the Committee on
Foreign Affairs had presented one scheme that was
to annex Texas to this country as aTerritory. That
project had not only obtained the sanction of the
executive of this nation, but the approbation of his
council, among whom was one of the most distin-
guished statesmen in this Union—one who under-
stood the constitution, and who was as well quali-
fied to decide upon any question as to its true con-
struction with as much correctness of understand-
ing of understanding as any other man; and who
came from that portion of the democratic party who
believed that the constitution should receive a strict
and not a liberal construction. This, then, was
also the opinion of the President of the United States
and his cabinet; and it was in like manner the opin-
ion of many other distinguished statesmen that they
had the right to annex Texas as a Territory. Turn-
ing to another portion of the democratic party, they
said that, although they held that Congress
had the right to annex new States to the Union,
they had not the same power with reference to the
territory out of which those States were to be
formed. It would seem, from the argument present-
ed by the gentleman from New York, [Mr. Stet-
son,] that that gentleman, and many of his
friends, believed that Congress did not possess
the constitutional right to do either—to annex Texas
as a State or a Territory. He did not profess to be
deeply learned in constitutional law, but he claimed
the right of judging of the constitution for himself.
What was the constitutional provision under which
they were called upon to perform this act? [Why, it
was in the plainest and broadest words known to
the-English language. It was, "new States may be
admitted by the Congress into this Union." And
the learned gentleman from Indiana, who had just
taken his seat, [Mr. Sample,] had gone back and
read the opinions of those who framed the constitu-
tion, to show that the correct construction of that
instrument required that the new States should be
formed out of territory already within the bounds
of this Union. There was nothing (said Mr. D.)
to warrrant this construction; there was nothing to
limit the constitutional power of Congress over the
admission of new States into this Union. The gen-
tleman had said we were a peaceful government;
that we had no desire to acquire territory, and that
our safety consisted in restricting ourselves to terri-
tory now withm the bounds of this Union. Why, had
the gentleman forgotten the whole history of our
country? Did he not know that, from the land-
ing of the pilgrims at Plymouth, our march had
been onward? that we had been a trespassing, pro-
gressive, assuming people upon territory bordering
upon us? -Why, we had driven out every nation of
the aborigines. Where were the red men of the
forest who once hunted their game upon the green
mountains of Vermont and New Hampshire; upon
the plains of Massachusetts, and Rhode Island, and
upon that territory now occupied by the other
States—where were they? They had been driven
out, tribe by tribe, progressing as our march had
been onward, until we had driven all the native
races beyond the shores of the Mississippi. And
we should go on in like manner till we
reached the shores of the Pacific.. If the gentle-
man said they had not the power to annex Tex-
as, what would be his position when the question
of Oregon—of annexing that immense territory—
was brought up before them? .We had acquired it
by discovery; and if deprived of it, we would pos-
sess it by law. They would find means by which
they could acquire it without the aid of that party
which has ever been arrayed against the interests
of this country whenever a great national question
had come upTj If we ever acquired Oregon, we
should havero acquire it as we were to acquire
Texas: we would see the democratic standard bear-
er marching at our front, and ultimately planting
that standard on the shore of the Pacific; while we
would see the whole cohorts of federalism, under the
name of whigs, rallying in opposition to that meas-
ure as they were now found in opposition to this
one. He could not for a moment entertain the
doubt of their constitutional power to take the
proper measures to annex Texas, as a State or as
a Territory. But the objections, he thought, were
greater to annexing it to the Union as a State;-in
fact, he should doubt the policy of this Congress at
this time passing a resolution acknowledging the
independence of that government as a State and an-
nexing her to this Union.
^ There was something, (said JVlr. D.,) very novel
in the argument of the gentleman from Indiana,
who had observed in his remarks that the power to
acquire territory was the main power, and that the
power to admit States into this Union was an inci-
dental power, as conferred by the constitution.
The constitution of the country had, in the broad-
est and clearest language, conferred upon them the
power to admit new States into this Union.
•('Now, if there could be a construction given to the
constitution—if there could be a position assumed
in which it was necessary to exercise incidental
powers in order to carry out the powers conferred
by the constitution, it was in this very instance;
for unless this incidental power was exercised, it
was not possible to admit new States into the Union,
nor in this case carry out the clearly expressed
will of the people. There were various ways of
acquiring foreign territory; such, for instance, as by
discovery, by purchase, by conquest, and it might
be by inheritance; but it was asserted by some that
this belonged to the treaty-making power alone,
and therefore the power to acquire foreign territory
could not be exercised by Congress. On turning
to the constitution it would be found that the Pres-
ident and Senate were empowered to make trea-
ties; but not a word said about the power to make
treaties for the purpose of acquiring territory to an-
nex to the Union. When that subject was agitated
in 1803, it was said that Mr. Jefferson doubted
whether this government had such n power; but
Louisiana was purchased and annexed to the Union;
and no sooner was this done, than the beneficent
effects of the measure became so apparent, that the
whole nation was satisfied with it, and a further exam-
ination of the constitution further satisfied them that
the President and Senate had wisely and sagacious-
ly exercised the powers confered on them. Why,
the question whether the President and Senate pos-
sessed the powers to acquire that fine country was
no more doubted by the nation at large, than the
acquisition of Texas is doubted now.
It had been justly observed that, in the history
of parties in this country, we should always find
the old federal party (or whig party, as it is now
called,) arrayed against every measure which
promised to advance the interest, the honor, or
the glory of the nation. Yes, it was strange,
but it was nevertheless true, that this same par-
ty was never on the side of its country; but
was always opposed to every measure that was
dictated by patriotism, and recommended by sound
considerations of national policy. They never for-
got the old prejudices to which they were wedded,
and they clung to their bigoted and illiberal doc-
trines with the same tenacity that a miser clings to
his gold. Go back to the question of tlie acquisi-
tion of Louisiana—one of the greatest strokes of
national policy which our history records—and the
whole of the cohorts of federalism from Georgia to
Maine would be found arrayed against it. They
not only resisted it by argument, and by predicting
the direst consequences if that project was accom-
plished, but they threatened a dissolution of the
Union. It was no longer ago than yesterday, that a
pamphlet was laid on his table, coming from that
part of the Union (New England) which the gentle-
man from Indiana lauded so highly, which held the
same doctrines, and reiterated the same threats , in
case of the annexation of Texas/ He fully con-
curred with the gentleman in everything he had said
of the patriots of old Massachusetts; but when he
came to look at her degenerate sons, he could not
but regret that in so many of them ,the Spirit of the
revolution—the spirit that animated their fathers at
Bunker's Hill and Lexington—was wanting. Yes,
this phamplet breathed the fiercest denunciations
against those who were for annexing Texas to the
United States, and threatened disunion and all other
ills besides if that measure was accomplished.
{Though every party in the Union now applauded
Mr. Jefferson for the acquisition of Louisiana, which
was denounced in 1803 as much as the acquisition
of Texas is now, yet, when a measure of the same
character is under consideration, the same factious
opposition, the same party spirit, and the same trea-
sonable threats of disunion were resorted to that in
1803 characterized the conduct of the federal partyr)
Notwithstanding this opposition and these threats of
disunion and disorganization, the democratic party
in that House, he felt assured, would stand up, as
they had ever done, fof the interest, the honor, and
the glory of their common country. He knew that
their opponents would denounce this patriotic meas-
ure as they did theacquisition of Louisiana, during
the administration of Mr. Jefferson. He knew, too,
that they would denounce the taking possession of
Oregon, though no one was so hardy as to say that
the country was not ours; but they would find their
opposition in vain, for Oregon is and must be a part
of our Union, and he hoped Texas would be also.
All this opposition, said Mr. D., we must expect;
but every democrat on the floor was in favor of the
acquisition of Texas, though there might be some
who would be deterred from voting for it on account
of constitutional scruples. He could not, however,
for his part, see how any one could entertain any
constitutional doubts on the subject. Hauing fully
satisfied himself that Congress possessed the con-
stitutional power to annex Texas to the Union as a
Territory, or to admit it into the Union as a State,
he was for at one passing a bill or resolution of some
kind, that should accomplish the measure of annex-
ation in one way or the other. Until Texas could
form a constitution, and submit it for the approba-
tion of this government—to which it must be sub-
mitted to decide upon the republicanism of its char-
acter—it ought to be held as a Territory, and then
taken in as a State; but he held that Congress had
the power at this moment to annex it forever to our
Union, provided Texas consented to it. He was for
pursuing a course nearly similar in regard to Ore-
gon. He had no doubt that a law would be passed
to extend the jurisdiction of , this government over
that country, and in this way to annex it to our
confederacy. If Congress should pass a law an-
nexing Texas to the United States, the next ques-
tion would be, Had she the ability, and was she
willing, to become a part of this Union?
On this part of the subject he had observed
that there was a great diversity of opinion.
He knew that there were some gentlemen who
contended that we must have the consent of Mexi-
co before we could annex Texas to the United
States; and he was aware that the same objection
was stated last spring in the letter of a distinguish-
ed northern statesman [Mr. Van Buren] on that sub-
ject; but public opinion was so much at war with
the doctrines avowed by this gentleman, that he
lost the high honor of the nomination of his party
for the presidency, though he differed with the
great body of them on that one subject only. He
apprehended, however, that there were few now
who would be willing to say that the consent of
Mexico was a necessary preliminary, since the
power of the Mexican usurper was overthrown,
his army disbanded, and himself banished from the
country. It then becomes important for us (said Mr.
D.) to look into the situation of Texas, and see if
she is competent to convey away her sovereignty,
and form an alliance with us. It had been urged
that a state of war existed between Texas and
Mexico; and that, until that war was closed, Texas
had no power to form such an alliance with this na-
tion as was contemplated. Mr. D. here replied at
length to this argument, showing from the history
of the country and the laws of nations, that Texas
