126
CONGRESSIONAL GLOBS.
"why, undoubtedly^ it followed tliat we kad no pow-
er to acquire territory; because the acquisition of
flJreign territory necessarily supposed that there was
some power oil the part of the government to organ-
ize and govern that territory when it was obtained.
If no such power did exist, there could be no such
; thing as the preservation of an acquisition at all.
Gentlemen found that this executive power was en-
. tirely superseded by the clause of the constitution
which enabled the government to admit new States.
|That was but the power (Mr. K. maintained) of or-
ganization and inspection. It presupposed that the
power which had Control of acquisition, had first
acquired the territory J}
Mr. K. next noticed the bill introduced by the
gentleman from Virginia, [Mr. Dromgoole,] to
which he proceeded to state his objections at length;
one of the most important of which was, that the
immediate admission into the Union of Texas as a
State would bring into Congress senators and repre-
sentatives who will not have the constitutional quali-
fication of nine and seven years' residence in the
United States.
Mr. K. then referred to the argument of the gen-
tleman from Illinois, that, by the thirds article
of the treaty of 1803, the inhabitants of Texas were
entitled to claim the benefits of the guaranty con-
tained in it, and come into the Union as a State, not-
withstanding the treaty of 1819, which ceded them
to Spain. la this part of his argument, Mr. K.
said that the treaty of 1819 was approved of by the
' people of the United States, and that General Jack-
. son himself gave it his unqualified approbation. He
, begged the reporters to notice this assertion—that
. General Jackson approved of the treaty of 1819 in
the broadest and most extensive terms; and asserted
that, if the friends of Generel Jackson denied it,
there were letters of his extant to prove the truth
of what he asserted.
Mr. K. concluded by observing that it was his
purpose to have gone more extensively into this
subject than he now found that the time allotted him
would permit. He should have noticed, if time
permitted, the incalculable mischief that would re-
sult to the State he represented, and to the whole
Union—the North as well as the South—if this
measure should be accomplished; but he must leave
that task to other hands.
Mr. ISAAC E. MORSE trusted that it would not
be thought extraordinary that he, representing the
district he did, should feel some solicitude to obtain
the floor, and express his views and those of the
people he represented on the subject under consider-
ation^ He should be obnoxious to- the charge of
neglecting the interests of his constituents if he
omitted to avail himself of the first opportunity that
presented itself of displaying, to the best of his abil-
ity, the great and manifest advantages that would
result not only to the State he represented, but to
the whole Union, by the adoption of this important
measure of national policy. On this subject the
people of Louisiana, as well as the legislature of
that State, had expressed their opinions with great
unanimity; and he did not hesitate to say, without
the fear of contradiction, that a large majority of
both parties were in favor of accomplishing the
measure of annexation in some one of the forms
that had been presented to the House. He had lis-
tened with the deepest attention to the various ob-
jections which had been made to this measure, and
it appeared to him that there were but three worthy
of notice. These were, first, the constitutional ob-
jection that had been urged against the acquisition of
a foreign territory; secondly, the dangers it was al-
leged that would result from an extension of our
territory; and thirdly, the most dangerous of all ob-
jections, that based on the question of slavery. But
was such a question as this, fraught with such im-
portant interests to the whole country, to be met by
such unsound and untenable objections. Another
objection was, that this question was in-
tended to have some effect on the prospects
of certain political parties, and the standing
of certain eminent statesmen. Now, he de-
sired to strip it of all extraneous matter, and
discuss it on its merits without reference to the par-
ty and sectional topics that had improperly been
dragged into the discussion. He desired to say to
those gentlemen who were disposed to treat this sub-
ject as a sectional aud party matter, that if it was
suffered to degenerate into a question of president-
making, it would destroy the prospects of any party
who sanctioned it; and that the people would, as
they had done twice before, discard the old political
p'spirants and take up some new candidate fresh
from their ranks, whom they would elevate to that
high office. Mr. M. then proceeded, in reply
to Mr. Kennedy, to prove that this question was
decided by the people of the United States at the
last presidential election; and that although there
might be some dispute as to the other issues that
were made during that canvass, there was none in
regard to the annexation of Texas. Although there
might have been, in the different portions of the
Union, banners borne by the democratic party
with inscriptions of an opposite character in relation
to the tariff, yet he ventured to say that no man ever
saw a banner with the inscription of Polk and no
annexation of Texas, or of Clay and Texas.
There were some few points to which he would
now address himself; and the first was, did Texas
desire to come into the Union? for it would not be
proper, perhaps, that the poor unfortunate country
should be dragged into the Union nolens volens.
That she did desire to be annexed to this country,
was evidenced by the strenuous efforts made by her
accredited minister throughout the negotiations on
this subject. Well, then, did the people of the
United States desire it? for it was a contract which
required the assent of the people of both countries.
That thejr did, he was satisfied; and he quoted the
setting aside of Mr. Van Buren, and the passage of
resolutions, as evidence of the fact. He then re-
ferred to precedents for the annexing of foreign ter-
ritory to this country.
One instance in point was the annexation of a
small portion of Louisiana, which in 1803 was not
ceded to the United States except very vaguely, and
over which the flag of Spain floated from 1803 to
1811; and then its Spanish occupants declared them-
selves free and independent, and took possession of
the garrison of Baton Rouge. Afterwards they
came to Congress, and petitioned to be admitted into
this Union. The debates which arose on that prop-
osition were here largely quoted by the honorable
gentleman, who stated the result to be that that por-
tion of country was added to Louisiana with the
consent of her legislature.
He then proceeded to examine the constitutional
provisions which enabled Congress to admit new
States into the Union, and then inquired whether
the annexation of Texas would give umbrage to
Mexico, or any other foreign nation; for it was the
duty of a good citizen not to give countenance to
anything which would unnecessarily involve us in a
war. Texas, he contended, was independent of
Mexico; she had full power to treat with foreign
nations; and her independence had been recognised
by this government and several European countries,
though not by Mexico He argued that the con-
tinuing to hold out on the part of Mexico, and the
refusal by her to recognise the independence of
Texas, was no valid objection to the accomplish-
ment of annexation.
There was another question in connection with
this subject, which he felt called .upon briefly to dis-
cuss. He alluded to the question of slavery; and
ijie there took occasion to say that he denied one
principle which some gentlemen had assumed—that
slavery was an evil. He affirmed that it was not an
evil. It was, on the contrary, one of the greatest
blessings of God Almighty, for the protection and
proper keeping of a large portion of his creatures
who had not the capacity to take care of themselves.
From this point he adverted to the right of petition
which had been set up here, and denied the right of
any set of people to send petitions to this House
which were an insult to some seventy or eighty of
its members, and an impertinent intermeddling with
the domestic concerns of others.
Tie remarked that ho had drawn a resolution
(which, m accordance with the aRsurancp of gentle-
men who were better versed in parliamentary mat-
ters, he had not offered as yet) to make each mem-
ber personally responsible who should avail lnmself
of this subterfuge to insult and scorn the repre-
sentatives on this floor. ■ Mr. M. further remarked
upon the manifest injustice and insults to the South
of this continued presentation of abolition petitions
here, and likened it to the presentation by mem-
bers from the South of petitions from the operatives
of the northern manufactoiies, who were confined
some sixteen or eighteen houis a day, for a release
from these oppressions, and a participation in the
profi's of their masters—the lords of the loom; but
such a course the representatives of the South would
scorn to pursue. He would not represent the peo-
ple of Louisiana if he did not say that he would not
admit that slavery was an evil; he maintained it to
be a great blessing. He said this on his own re-
, sponsibility; and, without fear of contradiction, he
declared, having travelled all through Europe, that
the operatives of Louisiana were, far better .fed,
better clothed, did less work, and had more intelli-
gence, than the operatives who spent their whole
lives in these factories.;
Mr. M. having concluded,
Mr. TIBBATTS obtained the floor, and yielded
for this purpose to
Mr. D. L. SEYMOUR, on whose motion the
committee rose and reported progress.
EXECUTIVE COMMUNICATIONS.
The SPEAKER laid before the'House thefollow-
ing communications:
From the State Department, an account of such
changes and modifications as have taken place in
the commercial system of foreign nations.
From the War Department, the annual list of the
contracts made by that department.
Both of which were laid on the table, and ordered
to be printed.
From the War Department, the report of the
ordnance bureau giving information as to the quan-
tities of ammunition used in the respective services
under the control of the War Department; what
quantities are on hand, and what quantities are
deemed expedient or necessary to be kept on hand
in proportion to our other military resources: refer-
red to the .Committee on Military Affairs, and or-
dered to be printed.
From the War Department, the annual report of
moneys expended and arms manufactured at the na-
tional armories, with a report of the inspection of
said armories, and estimates for additional buildings,
&c., thereat; laid on the table, and ordered to be
printed.
. SENATE BILLS.
The following bills from the Senate were taken
up, read a first and second time, and referred.
An act to consolidate and amend the acte in rela-
tion to the pensions of widows of naval officers,
seamen, and marines: referred to the Committee of
the Whole on the state of the Union.
An act for the relief of Mark Simpson.
An act declaring the assent of Congress to the
State of Indiana to impose a tax on all lands here-
after sold by the United States in that State, from
and after the time of such sale: referred to the Com-
mittee on Public Lands.
An act to confirm the survey and location of claims
for lands in the State of Mississippi, east of Pearl
river, and south of 31st degree of north latitude: re-
ferred to the Committee on Public Lands.
An act providing for the appointment and regula-
ting- the pay of engineers and assistant engineers in
the revenue service: referred to the Committee on
Commerce.
An act relinquishing the reversionary interest of
the United States in certain Indian reservations in
the State of Alabama: referred to the Committee on
Indian Affairs.
An act granting a pension to George Whitton: re-
ferred to the Committee on Invalid Pensions.
An act for the relief Maty Reeside, executrix of
the last will and testament of James Reeside:
Mr. CAVE JOHNSON moved to refer it to the
Committee on the Post Office and Post Roads.
Mr. J. K. IJNGERSOLL moved to refer it to the
Committee on the Judiciary.
After some conversation between Messrs. CAVE
JOHNSON, J. R. INGERSOLL, and HOPKINS,
Mr. J. R. Ikgersoll having withdrawn his motion,
the bill was referred to the Committee on the Post
Oilice and Post Roads.
IMPniSOjVMEST TOR DEBT IK THE DISTRICT
OF COLUMBIA.
Air. TITiPi ATTK. pursuant to nolu'o given,
and obtaintd leave to introduce a bill farther to
amend the act entitled an act to regulate arrest?; on
mesne process in the District of Columbia; which
was ret'ened to the Committee for the District of
Columbia.
SUB-MARINE BATTERY.
Mr. MURPHY, on leave, reported, from the Com-
mittee on Commerce, a bill for the relief of Samuel
Colt: which w.is twic® read, alid referred to the
Committee of the Whole on the state of the Union.
ILLINOIS RESOLUTIONS.
Mr. WENT WORTH introduced resolutions t>f
the Illinois legislature, in relation to a national ar-
