CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
raory at Port Massac: referred to the Committee on
Military Alairs. *
Also resolutions in relation to substituting good
lands for school sections of no value: referred to the
Committee' on Public Lands.
The House adjourned to Monday at 12 o'clock.
The following notices of petitions, presented to-
day,1 were handed to the reporter by the members
presenting them:
By Mr. ROBE-RTS: The petition of William McMaton,
senior, and sixty-four others, praying for a mail route from
Memphis, Tennessee, to Chulahoma, Mississippi: referred
to the Committee oi the Whole on tie state of the Union.
By Mr. HUNGERFORD: The petition of citizens of Jef-
ferson county, New York, asking for the removal of a gravel
bar in Sackett:s Harbor: referred to the Committee on Com-
merce. Also another from citizens of the same county, for
the construction of a bulk-head forthe preservation of Navy
Point, at Sackett's Harbor:-referred to the-Committee on
Naval Affairs.
By Mr. WIIEATON: The petition of one hundred and
seventy citizens of Camillus, Onondaga county, New York,
asking for a reduction of the rates of postage at the present
session of Congress: referred to the Committee on the Post
Office and Post Roads.
By Mr. ABBOTT: The petition of Daniel Weed, and
forty-five others, citizens of Ipswich, Massachusetts, pray-
ing Congress that no slave State may be admitted into the
Union.
By Mr. E. D. POTTER: The petition of ninety-one citi-,
zens of Hardin and Marion counties, "Ohio, asking forthe
establishment of a mail route from Kenton to Marion, in
Ohio: referred to the Committee on the Post Office and Post
Roads.
By Mr. MOSELEY: The petition of citizens of Buffalo,
New York, for an appropriation for a sea wall to -protect
Buffalo harbor.
ByjMr. FRENCH: The petition of Elzaphan Xluckef, pray-
ing for an increase of his pension; which, with the accompa-
nying papers, was referred to the Committee on Invalid
Pensions.
•By Mr. OWEN: the memorial of J. C. Ivpry, and 1,871
others; the memorial of A. B ^Carpenter, and 54 others; the
memorial of G. B.Walker, and 16 others; the memorial of
Jos. Sneider, and 41 others; the memorial of W. A. Lacey,
and 104 others; the memorial of John F. Kelso, and 219 others,
the memorial of T. G Mason, and 40 others; all praying a
grant of lands to the State of Indiana, to aid in completing
the Wabash and Erie canal: referred to the Committee oh
Public Lands.
By Mr. HUDSON: The Petition of Amasa Walker and
others, of North Brookfield, Massachusetts, for a reduction
of Postage. The petition of Henry Tuckermein and othcis,
of Ashburnham, Massachusetts, against the annexation of
Texas.
By Mr. FISH : The petition of John P Whitman, respect-
ing a military machine, invented by him.
By Mr. CATLIN. The memorial of John Graham and
IS others, mechanics of Greenville, Connecticut, praying
for a reduction of postage: referred to the Committee on the
Post Office and Post Roods.
-By Mr A.-STEWART: The petition and documents of
Joseph Taylor: referred to the Committee on Invalid Ten-
sions. The petition and documents of Thomas Thompson:
referred to the Committee on Invalid Pensions,
By Mr. A. P. STONE: The petition of John Stephenson1*?
heirs, praying for relief: referred to the Committee on Rev-
olutionary Claims.
By Mr. T. H. SEYMOUR: The petition of John Russell, of
Hartford, Connecticut, praying that the act granting bounty
lands to officers and soldiers of the revolution, may be ex-
tended to those who died in service of fatigue, accidental
wounds, or disease: referred to the Committee on Revolu-
tionary Claims. Also, the petition of sundry persons, cit-
izens of Farmmgton, Connecticut, praying that every prop-
osition for -the annexation ol Texas to the United States
may be rejected: referred to the Committee on Foreign
Affairs.
By Mr. MURPHY: The petition of Marj-Jackson, widow
of Thomas Hunter Jackson, late a yeoman in the United
States navy, who died while in such service, praying a pen-
sion: referred to the Committee on Naval Affairs.
By Mr. MACLAY: The memorial of Lieutenant A. Gar-
land, of the United States marine corps, for compensation
for performing the duties of purser of the United States
ship Brandywine: referred to the Committee on Naval Af-
fairs.
By Mr HENRY DODGE: Two petitions, signed by 160
citizens of Jefferson county, Territory ofWisconsm, asking
Congress to establish a mail-route from the town of A'/ta-
Ion, via Waterloo and Columbus, to Foit Winnebago, in &aid
Territory ; a petition signed by 10S citizens of llaeine
county, Territory of Wisconsin, asking the establishment
of a mail-route from the town of Racine to Betoit, in Rock
county, passing through Burlington. I.ogansville, Delaware,
and Darien, in said Territory; a petition signed by 100 citi-
zens of R&eine county, Territory of Wisconsin, asking of
Congress the establishment of a mail-ioute from the low n
of Racine to Prairievillo, in Mituaukie county, passing
through Caledonia and Muscego; also from the town of
Racine,to Wheatland and Geneva, Walw orth county .through
Pike-'s Grove and Kcllogg'3 Corner; a petition signed by 108
citizens of the town and county of Racine, asking Congress
that the mail-route may be so changed that the mail may be
carried on the United States road from the said town of Ra-
cine to Janesville, on Rock river, in said Territory: referred
to the Committee on the Post Office and Post Roads. A pe-
tition signed by 118 citizens of Oswego county, State of
New York, asking Congress for an appropriation for the im-
provement of the Fox and Wisconsin rivers, in the Territo-
ry of Wisconsin; a petition signed by 100 citizens of the
State of Michigan, asking Congress for an appropriation for
-the same object; a petition signed by 38 citizens of Green
Bay, Territory of Wisconsin, asking Congress for an appro*
priation for the same object: which were referred to the
Committee on Public Lands.
Washington Citt, January 11, 1845.
Gentlemen: I perceive that your reporters mis-
apprehended that part of my remarks made on yes-
terday, on the subject of the annexation of Texas to
this Union, in which I am made to allude to the
honorable gentleman from Indiana (Mr. Sample) as
having characterized this question of annexation as
a local, sectional,, and slavery question. This is
wrong. So far as my remarks were directed to this
branch of the subject, they were intended for the
honorable chairman of the Committee on Foreign
Affairs.
Yours, respectfully,
' E. DEAN.
Messrs. Blair & Rives/
IN SENATE.
Monday, January 13, 1845.
The PRESIDENT pro tern, laid before the Sen-
ate a communication from the Department of State,
transmitting, in compliance with the act of Congress
of August, 1842, an account of such changes and
modifications! in the commercial systems of other na-
tions by treaties, duties on imports and exports,
as have come within the knowledge of that depart-
ment sincethe date of its last annual report; which,
on motion of Mr. HUNTINGTON, was ordered
to lie on the table, and be printed.
Also a communication from the Treasury De-
pattment, transmitting the information required by
the resolution of the 10th December, 1844, respect-
ing the claim to lands in the State of Louisiana,
called the Houma claim; which, on motion of Mr.
JOHNSON, was ordered to be printed* and referred
to the Committee on the Judiciary.
Also a communication from the War Department,
transmitting, in compliance with the act of Congress
of 1809, the contracts made by that department
during the year 1844.
Mr. ARCHER presented a memorial from nume-
rous citizens of Brandon, Vei-mor.t, and another
from the young men of West Alexandria, Washing-
ton county, Pennsylvania, praying for reform in the
naturalization laws; which were referred to the
Judiciary Committee.
Mr. FOSTER of Tennessee presented a memorial
from James Arnold of Hawkins county, Tennessee,
asking to be placed on the pension roll: referred to
the Committee on Pensions.
ANNEXATION OF TEXAS.
Mr. FOSTER of Tennessee said, by permission
of the Senate, he desired to offer to the consideration
of that body a resolution on the subject of annexa-
tion. And before doing so, he desired further to re-
mark that, in taking the step he was about to adopt,
he had not previously taken counsel of, or conversed
with, any gentleman on the floor of the Senate. He had
studiously avoided all such interviews, he said, not
out of any disrespect to the views or wishes of the hon-
orable gentlemen with whom it was his pride to act
on most occasions, nor with any sinister intent of
embarrassing the great question to which he was
about to direct their attention. But he had a duty,
he said, to perform—a double duty—a duty to him-
self, and a duty to that portion of the people of the
Union whose commission he wore; and having de-
liberately made up his mind, he purposely avoided
discussions, as he knew they must result in no
change of convictions on his part. As to himself,
individually, he said he did not wish or intend to
repress any longer, an open and candid acknowl-
edgement of the anxieties he had always felt on
this important subject. These anxieties had their
birth with the first intimation of the late un-
wise and premature agitation of the subject by
the American government. Time and events, in-
stead of soothing, had increased and aggravated the
cares he was then confessing; and he doubted not
but that many who heard him would take to their
own bosoms similar sympathies. The subject of
annexation (Mr. F. observed) presented to the de-
cision of Congress a great matter. Its gravity and
importance could not be mistaken by any reflecting
mind. In his faithful opinion, it involved the harmo-
ny of the nation, if not its foreign peace; and unless
it should be fortunately adjusted—if adjusted at al'l—
it would, in all probability, in some consequences
not very remote, lead to a dissolution of the Union,
In this painful light he had always contemplated the
measure; and he saw nothing in the tone or the tem-
per pf the public mind to mitigate or remove his ap-
prehensions. He could not, therefore, in the situa-
tion which he occupied, any longer observe that si-
lence which most comported with his feelings and
his disposition, and which the Senate would bear
him witness was not unnecessarily broken in that as-
sembly.' . .
On the subject of annexation, he had opinions
(Mr. F. continued) which were not unknown to his
constituents and the public. They had been freely,
openly, and repeatedly expressed, here and else-
where; and3 vfith some variations, not intended now
to be adverted to, they remained unchanged. He fa-
vored a union of the two republics on just and prop-
er principles alone, as he hoped and believed; but
at the same tiirfe he did not wish or intend to conceal
the sympathies that mingled with, and no doubt
fortified and encouraged, his opinions. Texas* he
said, if he had been rightly informed, was indebted
o his ojm noble, gallant, and generous State for a
arge fraction of her population: he thought, indeed,
he would not exaggerate if he should state that frac-
tion at one-tenth of her people, including the de-
scendants-of her early * settlers. He professed to
have a heart, he said, and he hoped it would be al-
ways filled with enough of human benevolence to
enable him to think kindly of those who had once
been his friends and neighbors. These sentiments,
ho wever^ had notgoverned or controlled his decision;
they did not do .so now, if he, happily ^ understood
his own convictions; nor should they induce him,
now or hereafter, to consent to any act in the details
or' the final consummation of this great busi-
ness, that his best judgment did not honestly
approve. ' Whilst, therefore, he was in fa-
vor of annexation, he should not hesitate
to avow that he did not then see how he could give
his support and consent to the measure, unless the
principles arid conditions incorporated in the
proposition he was about to submit were fun-
damental articles in ^the act of association.
Sir, (said Mr. F.) I wish to be distinctly understood.
These stipulations must be in that instrumentr-^-
fixed in their character, imperative hereafter upon
Congress and the whole country, and forever invio-
late and inflexible. .
So much for the substance of things, (Mr. F.
continued;) for he did not intend then, he said, to
discuss the reasons that influenced his judgment and
decision. If this should become necessary, another
day- and another occasion would better suit the
task.
In regard to the form of the act, or, as the law-
yers would call it, the "quo modo" of annexation,
(Mr. F.said,) he was by no means determined. ' In
fact, (he said,) he entertained great doubt, and he
wished it to be explicitly understood that he did not
intend to commit himself to the particular form he
was then about to submit to the .Senate. In other
words, the paper he held in his hands contained the
terms, but should not bind him to the forms of an-
nexation; and he hoped that the discordant opinions
of other honorable gentlemen—wiser than he pfe-
tended to be, and more practised in such great af-
fairs—would excuse his present indecision. There
was, however, on this branch of his subject, one
thing he desired to state, and from which he hoped
never to deviate. He was, he repeated, a friend to
annexation; but he was resolved never to give the
policy his support, either by resolution, by law, or
by treaty, unless the form in which it was present-
ed to him found its sanction in the broad face of the
constitution, and among the precedents which the
fathers of the republic had left behind them. In
some one of these forms, (he said,) if they could
happily agree, he had no doubt they could find a
path to travel in, and there he was prepared to walk
if he could be accompanied by the principles lie
should now submit,
Mr. F. then submitted the following:
Joint resolututions declaring the terms on which Congress
will admit Texas into the Union as a State:
1. 13e it resohtd by flit Stnatt and House of Rcpresmfutues
in Congress as'emhbd, That Congress doth consent that the
territory properly included within, and rightfully belong-
ing to, the republic of Texas, maybe erected'into a new
State, to be callcd the State of Texas, with a republican form
of government, to be adopted by the people of said repub-
lic, by deputies in convention assembled, with the consent
of the existing government, in order that the same may te
admitted as one of the States of this Union.
2. And be it farther resolved, That the foregoing consent
of Congress is given upon ..the following conditions, and
with the following guaranties, to wit:
1. Said State to be formed subject to the adjustment by
this government of all questions ol boundary that may arise
with other governments; and the constitution thereof, with
the proper evidence of its Adoption by the people of said re-
public of "Texas, shall be transmitted to the President of th$
