13 2
CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
their debt, that they objected to the assumption of a
still greater burden. It would do for gentlemen
whose States were disgraced with repudiation—
whose States were disgraced with the folly which
they had exhibited of liaving contracted debts they
could not pay—to go, ad infinitum, to the assump-
tion of other- debts. It was often said that no man
was go independent as the pauper on the town.
[Laughter.]
The committee did not tell them the amount of the
debts. He did not believe Texas knew herself; she
had labored under great financial embarrassments,
and had been obliged to resort.to every measure for
the purpose of raising means. Her seat of govern-
ment had been like the Arab's tent—here to-day
and there to-morrow*, and what was the amount of
her debt—what was the amount of her unappropria-
ted lands, neither the committee told them, nor did
he believe Texas herself knew. We did know—it
was a matter of public notoriety—that old Spam
had granted lands there; that old France—that Mex-
ico had granted lands there, and that Texas has
been granting lands with a lavish hand, and that of
ngggssity.
objected to the assumption of the debt.
Gentlemen might tell them that the lands of Texas
would pay all her debt. How did they know it?
They told them that we limited the amount ofas-
sumption. I tell you (said Mr. B.) we cannot do
it. If you take her lands, her resources, the
amount of assumption is onlylimited by the amount
of debt. We would be bound by every considera-
tion of morality and of honor to pay the whole of
debt; and he therefore preferred the proposition to
admit Texas as a State, preserving her identity,
leaving her public debt, ana her public lands to pay
that debt. He would vote for no proposition that
did not embody that principle. He was willing to
grant the further means from her custom-houses.
He would give her all her resources to pay her
debts; but he would never take either, until one bal-
anced the other.
fj&entlemen had some of them proclaimed that
this was a great national question. He denied it.
It was no such thing. It is in your power (said
Mr. B.) to make it so if you will; and when you
have made it so, I will vote for it; but till then,
?iever. It was not a national question. It was a
sectional question. It was a southern question;
hatched and got up as a southern question, for
the benefit of the South; for the strengthening of
her institutions; for the promotion of her pow-
er; for her benefit; for the advancement of
her influence. His people agreed with him on
this subject; and he ventured to say, if any gen-
tleman on this floor possessed the attribute of om-
niscience, and could look into the secret recesses
of every northern heart, they would say that their
constituents coincided with him in this position;
they were willing to abide by the constitution, and
its compromises; but they were not willing "to ex-
tend the area of freedom" by such means, giv-
ing advantages to one portion of 'the Union,
without counterbalancing advantages to the oth-
er. If you want Texas to be as you declare
it, (said Mr. B.,) a great national question, shape
it, and make it so; and, my word for it, you
shall have Texas to-morrow. Some gentlemen
south of Mason's and Dixon's line, he was very
well aware, did not like the candor of their south*
em brethren who called it a southern question, and
therefore they had baptized it as a great national
question- "A rose by any other name would smell
as sweet,"somebody had said; and in his opinion a
skunk bij any other name would smell as bad; it was a
southern question; a slavery question; and however
they mig)it baptize it, a )d rebaptize it, the essence
of the animal would remain the same.**
There were many arguments advaffSed in favor of
the annexation of Texas. One was, that, unless we
annex it, it would become a dependency of Great
Britain, His humble opinion was that that argument
was got up for the occasion, as a bugbear, for the
purpose offreightening the timid, and for deceiving
the credulous. He allowed it no weight in his
mind whatever.
The next argument was that generally called the
military argument—that it was necessary to have
Texas in order to make a successful d .'fence of New
Orleans if attacked, and to defend and keep open
the mouth of the Mississippi river. Phrenologists who
had examined his head, had said he was 'not defi-
cient in veneration; but, great as was his veneration
, for those names who had spoken on this question
had put forth this argument, he must say he con-
sidered it no better than that insect usually denomi-
nated a humbug- Gentlemen need not give them-
selves any trouble about the opening the Mississippi
rivei; I tell you (said Mr. B.) the people of the
upper Mississippi will always keep that open; and if
you do not believe it, let any one, foreign or domes-
ticj. undertake to shut it.
jfhe third argument was, that it was desirable to
have Texas for the benefit of free trade with its
future inhabitants. There was weight in that argu-
ment, in his estimation—great we'ght; and for that
reason he desired Texas, if it could be brought in
on honorable, fair, and equal terms.
• The fourth argument was, that we would have to
annex Texas in order to preserve in our hands a
monopoly of the production of cotton—the law ma-
terial of the manufactures of the world—and thus
hold in dependence upon us the manufacturing na-
tions of the world, and compel them to cultivate
with us amicable relations, or, by stopping their
supplies, their spindles and their looms should cease
their operations, and their people starve. There was
great weight in that argument; and therefore he de-
sired Texas, if it could be acquired on fair, equal,
honorable terms to all sections of this Union—as a
national measure for the national advantage, and not
as a sectional measure for sectional advantage.
But the last argument, and the one which, perhaps,
from the peculiar constitution of his mind, was great-
er with him than other, was the acquisition of so ex-
tensive and valuable a territory as Texas as a home
for our posterity, as the theatre for our enterprise
and industry. That, in his opinion, was the great
advantage of the acquisition of Texas. Thus were
members on this floor, not a few who, like himself,
knew the advantages of having a "West" to go to,
where they were forced from many of the embarrass-
ing circumstances, from family influences, from
associated wealth, and from those thousand things
which, in the old settled country, had the tendency
of keeping down the efforts and enterprise of our
young men. Therefore he desired Texas.
Now, the only remaining question was, whether
they of the Noith should have their share of it.
Let southern gentlemen answer this question in the
affirmative, and Texas we should have now; let
them answer in the negative, and his vote should
never sanction it—never. Make it all a slave terri-
tory, and they virtually excluded them—excluded
northern immigration from it; their sons and their
young men would not go and plough, and dig, and
chop, and grub by the side of the negroes of the
South. They could not ask—they would not ask
it of them. Exclude slavery from half of that terri-
tory, and they of the North could have their shaie
of the benefits of that country. Was it not light,
just, and equitable? If we assumed the debt of
Texas, did not they of the North pay more
than half of it? And if we were involved, on
this account, in a war with Mexico or with
England, would not they have to fight in it
as well as their southern brethren? He referred to
the appeals made on the part of gentlemen from the
South, who were friends of annexation, to gen-
eiosity, to nationality of feeling. Look at the po-
sition (said he) Chat gentlemen occupy here. They
overflow with generosity; and what do they ask'
The whsle. We are narrow, selfish, confined in
our views; and what do we ask? One-half.
[Laughter.] Was it not ridiculous3 Was it not
degrading to northern representatives? His colleague
[Mr. Dean] had kad his fling, too, at the North—at
the Yankee land. Now Mr. B. had not the honor
of it, but he believed his colleague had the honor of
being by birth and by education a Yankee. [Laugh-
ter.] Of course he was at liberty to deride them as
much as he had a $iind to !
Mr. DEAN rose, amid much merriment of the
House, and (Mr. Brinkkrhoff yielding the floor)
said he did not know why the gentleman placed him
in a false position for the purpose of making a
fling at any remarks he had made. I am not a
Yankee by birth. [Laughter.]
Mr. BRINKERHOFF said he most cheerfully
recalled his remark if he was :n error.
Mr. DEANsaid he was not tie man to reflect
on his native country or native S'ate. His re-
marks in regard to the eastern people had been in
answer to the remarks of the gentleman from In-
diana, [Mr C. B- Smith,] who had sought to por-
tray them and their character in a light he believed
they did not deserve. So far as the gentleman con-
fined his remarks to the gallant conduct of the heroes
of the revolution springing from Massachusetts, Mr.
D. cordially agreed with him. It was only when
he came down to the conduct of her degraded sons
that he objected to it. He himself had referred to
that couduct during the last war, as Hartford con-
ventionists, &c, and to this, he could only al-
lude in terms of deep indignation.
Mr. BRINKERHOFF resuming, said if he had
misunderstood his colleague, he most cheerfully
withdrew anything he had said. He had had no idea
of giving him offence.
UYlr. B. contended that, if Texas was to be admit-
ted, it should not be done without settling, in the
first instance, how much of the territory was to be
kept for free States, and how much for slave States.
The only safety for the North was to settle the
matter beforehand by law, and then there would not
be any future controversy on the subject; but the
settlements would be formed in the different por-
tions of the territory m reference to the condition
they are to maintain in regard to negro slavery, or
the exclusion of it. If Texas should now be an-
nexed without any conditions, the gentlemen of the
South would hereafter claim that the whole territory
should be admitted as slave States, and, pointing to
the debates in Congress, and the diplomatic corres-
pondence of the Secretary of State, say that it was
annexed to the Union expressly for the purpose
of continuing there the institution of slavery.
We have (said he) been taunted on this lloor with
having been able to have but one presidential term
for any President elected from the North, either fed-
eral or democratic; and it was well, said he, to re-
mind us of this fact; for some of us might have re-
lapsed into independence of thought and action, if
we had not heard the sound of the whip. Some of
us might have forgotten the sacrifice of one of the
best arid purest men that ever lived. We have beeh
told to consult the honor and interests of the coun-
try in our action on this measure, and we will obey;
but it will not be by voting for your intensely self-
ish scheme of annexation. Other gentlemen might
do as they pleased; but he, for one, "had rather be
a dog, and bay the moon," than vote for it on such
terms.
Mr. CHAPPELL observed that there were some
in this House wh© in their inmost souls had felt this
to be a national question. There were those who
would gladly have preserved it from the taint of sec-
tional feelings and sectional interests; and as a
southern man, he took it upon himself to say that
such was the paramount feeling of southern gentle-
men on this floor; and such would continue to be
their feelings, whatever assaults might be made on
them from the otherside. We of the South, said he,
whenever a question assumes a sectional character,
know and feel that we are the weaker party, and
that we never can carry a point in this House by
appealing to such feelings and interests. As men of
sense, therefore, if not as patriots, they would eschew,
on every occasion in which it could be avoided, any
reference to them. It might be well for the gentleman
from Ohio, whenever he could do so, to raise a section-
al feeling, and to nitfke it subservient to his views;
but if we, said he, touch such a chord, we have lost ail
hope. Were not these considerations, on their very
face, enough to disprove the charges made by the
gentleman from Ohio, that the southern members
were influenced by sectional feelings and sectional
interests in pressing this measure? But on what
ground did the gentleman make the charge? Why,
that the South had so much generosity, that on
a question in which the whole union was concern-
ed, she claimed the whole of Texas; while he had
so much generosity that he would be content with
half. Was that the state of the case? Would any
man, holding such sectional views as the gentleman
avowed, be content with an equal devision of Texas
into slaveholding and non-slaveholding States?
For the purpose of showing the injustice of the
charge made by the gentleman, he would beg leave
to call the attention of the committee to the origin
of the division of the territory of the United States
into slaveholding and ncn-sla^ eholding States.
Wh?t State was it that gave to the federal govern*
ment that vast and rich territory northwest of the
Ohio? It was the State of Virginia, slaveholding
State; and upon that noble and gene, jus donation
the celebrated ordinance of 1787 was passed, which
forever excluded slavery from that whole territory
—forever excluded the sons and daughters of Vir-
ginia from participating m the benefits of that grant
without uvmg up the patrimony received from their
fathers, and relinquishing the habits of life in which
they had beenvbrought up. Where were the self-
ishness and sectional feelings of the South when
