CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
i3a
Virginia made this priceless grant to tlic federal
government?
Mr. C. then referred to the Missouri compromise,
by which much the largest and most valuable por-
tion of the Louisiana purchase was given to the non-
slaveholdiug interest; and that, too, was just after
Texas, the most valuable of the southern portion of
the territory, had been ceded to Spain by a northern
Secretary of State The chara**-, therefore, made
against the South, of being sectional or selfish in this
matter, was like the baseless' fabric of a vision. Mr.
C. then entreated peiitlemen to consider this as a
great national question, in which the whole Union
wasahke interested.
' Did gentlemen look back to events? If they did,
had they forgotten that the transfer of Norway to
the King of Sweden by the fiat of that king and the
Emperor of Russia was as a compensation for Fin-
land15 How did France herself get Louisiana from
Spain? Was it not by giving the dukedom of Tus-
cany tis a settlement for the son-in-law of the King
of Spain? Why, it seemed to him that gentlemen
had lost the lights, or at least the beneficial instruc-
tions of history, when they appealed to those stand-
ards of political morality which have always existed
in Europe, as a rule to try this .case by. Yes, the
kings and cabinets to whom they hesitated not to ap-
peal, had themselves made their people the subjects of
transfer—yes, both people and entire provinces. But
if they cross the Atlantic, who dared to disregard the
old and time-honored institution of monarchy—if two
republics in the New World came together by a
free and voluntary union, all the orders of despotism
in the world cry aloud against the atrocity of the
deed, and denounce it as the great political felony
of the age., It seemed to him, however, that the
people of this country must be the keepers of their
own honor.
What, then, was proposed in this case?
Was a free and voluntary union of two coun-
tries to take place—countries, according to the
law of nations, having the right and the
power to dispose of themselves? Could gen-
tlemen say there was ought in this to tarnish the
national honor? They must decide this question
apart from any views advanced, or any complexion
attempted to be stamped upon it by the powers of
the Old World. They must make it an American
question, and decide it on American principles. But
What then was the state of the question, so far as
Mexico was concerned? Did gentlemen mean to
say that Texas was the property of Mexico? Did
gentlemen mean to say that, by the law of nations,
and in the fkee of the acknowledgment of our own,
as well as other governments, Texas, at this
time, was a province or dependence of Mexico? It
was not necessary to decide now whether Tex-
as had the right to be what we had acknowl-
edged her to be—a free and independent coun-
try; but how stood the matter in regard to
Mexico, in case we should lend Texas a helping
hand m her contest with Mexico? According to the
law of nations, under which we ourselves received
and from the beneficent hand of a foreign kingdom,
in our struggle for independence, no wrong would
be done to Mexico. The honor of the United
States—our fair fame in the wide world and in all
future time, it appeared by the remarks of some gen-
tlemen, was to be tarnished if we take Texas to
our bosom with her own assent; and this tarnishing
of our honor was to flow out of a wrong we weie
to inflict on Mexico. Now, he asked again, had
gentlemen forgotten, or did they disregard the lights
of history which were reflected by our own govern-
ment? France embraced our quarrel when it hung
undecided and doubtful: yes, we owe our deliver-
ance—we owe all the grandeur, and glory, and lib-
erty of which we boa-t, to the part acted by France
for us; and did gentlemen mean to denounce that as
an ignominous tarnishing of the honor of France?
He pursued this argument at great length, and
quoted Vattel to establish the position assumed,
that, m such a case, wrong would not be done to
Mexico. He also contended that it was not neces-
sary to wait for the further expression of the will of
the people. If Mr, Jefferson had waited, the ac-
quisition of Louisiana would have been lost. Refer
this question to the people, and what more would
they decide than they had decided at the last elec-
tion? Were the people in their elections to decide
all the details of such legislation? Was it not
enough if they announced their will in tones suffi-
ciently loud and clear to be heard and understood?
Those who waited for more distinct commands—
for more detailed instruction from the people—
would wait and wait until they would lose all by de-
lay. He referred to the fact; that when Florida was
acquired for this country, (by the same act of di-
plomacy by which we lost Texas,) there was no
delay to obtain the sense of the people before nego-
tiating for it; and he further urged, with earnest-
ness, that the representatives of the people, in this
instance, were fully and distinctly instructed by the
people on this point, and that it became them, as
faithful servants of tne people, to act immediately—
not to postpone till the voice of the people could
again be heard, or till the meeting of the next Con-'
gress, as the golden opportunity might then be lost
forever.
Mr. C. was further proceeding, when his remarks
were terminated by the expiration of the hour.
Mr. HOLMES obtained the floor; and on his
motion the committee rose and reported progress.
On motion of Mr. SCHENCK,
The House adjourned.
The following notices of petitions, presented to-
day, were handed to the reporters by the members
presenting them:
By Mr. BENTON: The petition of Davis Hawkins, of
Newport, New York, asking arrearages of pension: referred
to the Committee on Invalid Pensions.
By Mr. OWEN: The petition ofLucretia Foote for a pen-
sion: referml to the Committee on.llevolutionary Pensions.
By Mr. MERRICK: The petition of William Pettee.jr,
and 155 others, citizens of Massachusetts, tor a light-house
at the entrance of Kennebunk harbor, in the State of Maine:
referred to the Committee on Commerce.
By Mr. DANA: The petition of 70 inhabitants of El-
bridge, Onondaga county, New York, asking the reduction
of letter postage to 3 cents for 500 miles and 6 cents for a
greater distance: refer-ed to the Committee on the Post Of-
fice and Post Roads.
By Mr. BAYLY: The petition of William R. Jaynes, with
additional testimony, praying for a pension: referred to the
Committee on Invalid Pensions.
Mr. MOSELEY: The petition of citizens of Buffalo,
New York, for an appropriation for a sea wall to protect
Buffalo harbor.
By Mr. McCAUSLEN: The petitions from citizens of
Pennsylvania and Ohio, praying tor a mail route from Wash-
ington, Penr^sj lvania, to Cleveland, in the State of Ohio,
via Wellsville; referred to the Committee on the Post Of-
fice and Post Roads. The petition from 380 citizens of
Pennsylvania and Ohio, praying for a mail route from
Washington, Pennsylvania, to* Cleveland, Ohio, via Wells-
ville: referred to the Committee on the Post Office and Post
Roads.
By Mr. SEVERANCE: The petition of Stephen Sewall
and 17 others, of Winthrop, Maine, against annexationof
Texas as slave-holding territory. The petition of Nathan-
iel Lyford, of East Livuimore, Maine, for a pension.
By Mr DILLINGHAM: The remonstrance of J. C. Ells-
worth and o.j others, citizens of Greensboro, Vermont,
against the annexation of Texas as sla've territory to the
Union. The remonstance ®f E W Cross, and 23 others,
citizens of Duxbury, Vermont, against the annexation of
Texas as slave territory to this Union. The memorial of C.
J. Childs nnd 54 others, "maids and matrons" of Washing-
ton county, Vermont, against annexation of Texas as slave
territory to the United States.
By Mr A. A. CHAPMAN: The petition of Eli Peterson,
of the county of Montgomery, State of Virginia, praying for
bounty land; which was referred to the Committee on Rev-
olutionary Claims.
By Mr. HUNCERFORD: The petition from citizens of
Brownville, New York, praying a reduction of postage to
five cents on all letters not exceeding half an ounce in
weight: referred to the Committee on the Post Office and
POht Roads.
By Mr. COLLAMER: The petition of James Southgate
and 24 otheis, of Bndgewater, Vermont, against the annex-
ation of Texas. The petition of Joseph Eaton and 49 others,
of Plymouth, Vermont, against the annexation of Tejflas.
The petition of Silas Waterman, for a pension.
By Mr. FOSTER: The petition ot Henry Nealy for a pen-
sion: referred to the Committee on Invalid Pensions.
By Mr. JEREMIAH BROWN: Three petitions of similar
import, signed hy Samuel Zicgler, Jesse Showalter, Martin
Boarman, and 148 others, citizens of Lancaster and Berks
counties, in Pennsylvania, praying Congress to establish a
mail route from New Holland, m Lancaster county, to Read-
ing, m Berks county.
By Mr. STILES: The memorial of the merchants, traders,
and other citizens of Savannah, Genigia, praying an appro-
priation by Congress for the erection or purchase of cus-
tom housebuildings in said city: referred to the Committee
on Commerce
By Mr, PHOENIX: The petition from persons navigating
the Hudson river, for a light-house on Teller's Point
By Mr. MURPHY: The petition oi Ann Gardner, widow
of fcraneis Gardner, late a gunner m the service of the
navy of the United States, praying for a pension: referred
to the Committee on Naval Affairs.
By Mr HARPER: The petition of H. Sailor.] and 73
others, citizens of Muskingham eonnty, Ohio, remonstra-
ting a^ainstfthe annexation of Texas.
By Mr. CATLIN: The petition of James Williams, pray-
ing for compensation for services and expenses in arrest-
ing a deserter from the United States army in 1S14. The
petition of Wm. Culver, prayingfor remuneration for ex-
tra services in constructing the custom-house at New Lon-
don, Connecticut: referred to the Committee of Claims.
The following is the joint resolution reported on
Saturday by Mr. Parmenter, chairman of the
Committee on Naval Affairs, and passed by the
House of Representatives:
Resolved by the Senate and House of Representatives of the
United States of America in Congress assembled. That the
Secretary of the Navy, with the advice and consent of the
President, may establish regulations (King the relative rank,
and defining the privileges belonging theieio, of surgeons,
pursers, chaplains, professors of mathematics, and the as-
sistants of said grades; which regulations may be altered
and amended, from time to time, by the Secretary of the
Navy, with the advice and coB^eht of the President, as the
good of the naval service may require.
Provided, That such assimilated rank shall not, m anjr
case, be construed to increase the pay of any officer.
IN SENATE.
Tuesday, January 14, 1845.
The PRESIDENT pro tem. laid before the Senate
a commsnication from the Treasury Department,
transmitting tabular statements prepared by the
Register of the Treasury, exhibiting the articles of
merchandise imported during the year ending the
30th June, 1844, the duty of which exceeds 35 per
centum "on the average wholesale market value of
said articles; which was ordered to lie on the table,
and be printed.
Also, a communication from the War Depart-
ment, transmitting a report from the officer in charge
of the ordnance bureau.
Also laid before the Senate a communication from
the Secretary of Treasury, reporting to the Senate,
in compliance with resolution, a statement of the
receipts and expenditures for the months^of Novem-
ber and December last, as nearly as they can now
be ascertained; from which it appears that, for the
month of November, the receipts exceeded the ex-
penditures by the sum of f113,420 34; and in the
month of December, the expenditures exceeded the
receipts by the sum of §548,964 12.
November. December. Total.
Receipts - $1,468,000 00 J.1,265,300 00 $2,733,200 00
Expenditures, 1,354,579 66 1,814,164 10 3 163,743 78
$113,420 34 $548,964 12 "$435,548 78
Making, in the two months, the current expendi-
ures to exceed the receipts "hy the sum of #435,-
543 78.
The expenditures, during the same period, for the
redemption and interest of treasury notes and public
debt, were
November, December. Total.
$251,203 04
430,897 16
$158,010 64
4. iOl 19
$92,262 40
426,59') 97
Redemption,
Interest,
$163,311 83 $518,863 37 $682,200 20
On motion by Mr. WOODBURY, ordered to lie
on the table, and be printed.
Mr. PHELPS presented a petition from B. F.
Haskell and 331 ether inhabitants of Cornwall, Ver-
mont, remonstrating against the annexation of Tex-
as, or any other state, as a slave State, to the United
States: referred to the Committee on Foreign Rela-
tions.
Mr. BATES presented a memorial from Nathan-
iel Goddaid and others, owners of the ship Ariadne
and cargo, which was captured during the test war,
and condemned by the Supreme Court of the Uni-
ted States for having a British license, and sold,
praying that the proceeds of the confiscation may
be remitted to them: referred to the Committee on
the Judiciary.
Mr. JOHNSON, on leave, introduced a bill sup-
plementary to the act to authorize the Secretary of
State to liquidate certain land claims therein memion-
ed, passed April, 1814; which was read twice, and
referred to the Committee on Public Lands.
On motion by Mr. BERRIEN, the Committee on
the Judiciary was discharged from the further con-
sideration of the bill for the relief of Joseph Ram-
say. He remarked that the committee found that
there was no claim on which any legal question
arises; it was a case which rather appealed to the
benevolence of Congress.
On motion of Mr. ARCHER, the bill was refer-
red to the Committee on Claims.
Mr. MILLER introduced, on leave, a bill for the
relief of John Woolley; which was read twice, and
referred to the Committee on Pensions.
Also introduced, on leave, a bill to' incorporate the
Orphan Asylum and Female Free school of Alex-
andria, in tfie District of Columbia; which was read
twice, and referred to the Committee on the District
of Columbia.
Mr. HANNEGAN presented a petition from the
heirs of Nathaniel Ashley, of Kentucky, praying
for compensation for his services in the revolution*.
