136
CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
and not in a confined sectarian view.) If the West
found that Texas had these advantages, thought
they the autocrat of Russia—that any power on
earth couldprevent them from availing themselves
thereof? Thought they the West would consent,
extending rapidly as she was beyond the mountains
to the Pacific, to have her steps crampcd in this Chi-
nese shoe? Though they that she would not per-
eeive her own interests, and at once demand an in-
stant concession (and one which would never be
fot back again) of our restrictive policy, and will
nd a new market and new relations?
After some further remarks on this head, Mr. H.
continued: If he had shown, as he thought he had,
that in all the sections of this Union this question
was one of direct interest, let him ask why the op-
ponents of this great boon urged that it should be re-
sisted? Reject it, for this and this alone, (for there
was no northern statesman or commercial man who
did not see the advantage of it,) because it was said
that the constitution prevented it. That instrument,
which was intended to be a rigid rule or standard by
which the measure of our virtue or depravity was
deduced, had become to the North a sliding scale,
adapted to any want or exigency—to authorize or
prohibit (as their interest required) any meas-
ure prop®sed with reference to the tariff,
the concentration of labor, or whatever other
subject. The constitution expressly said we might
admit new States. That power was given in ex-
tenso—in verbis; if there were any limitation upon it,
it must be either in the words or in the nature of
things. It was not in words; the only limitation up-
on it in the text being the partition of States, or
the junction of States, except upon the condition
specified being complied with. But if he showed
them that, at the time of the adoption of the consti-
tution, it was contemplated that there should be an
accession of new States from foreign territory, then
(he said) the absence of restriction was the assertion
of the power. He stated then that Mr. Madison
expressly declared, in his commentary on the consti-
tution, before the constitution was adopted, (a wotk
admitted as a true exponent of that instrument,) that
the framers of the constitution contemplated the ac-
cession of neighboring territory. But he had a
manuscript that had never been published, from the
writings of that great other commentator on the
constitution, (Alexander Hamilton,) who said in a
letter to General Washington, long before Florida
was annexed, or Louisiana acquired, that we must
remain in a position to take advantage of circum-
stances; we must be prepared to acquire Florida, to
annex Louisiana, and we must even wink further
south. Then he thought the constitutional objec-
tions on the only two grounds on which they could
be made were invalid.
But now he came to present an argument which
had not been presented. He asserted (this was the
proposition) that Texas had aright to come into the
confederacy of our States, with all the rights, privi-
leges, and immunities of any part of this country;
and he put it on the doctrine of post liminkim, (he
would not take the doctrine of remitter, which had
been brought forward by the chairman of the com-
mittee on Foreign Affairs,) which was, that when
a "country was dissevered from another country,
and the country so dissevered, either by its own
act or the act ofits ally, extinguished the, title of
the conqueror, (or, if they pleased, of the assignee,)
it resumed at once itspossession (if it chose) in the
family from which it was dissevered, and was enti-
tled to all the rights, &c., before enjoyed. Now,
to make this doctrine applicable to this case: Tex-
as was a part of Louisiana. To deny this, was to
run through a series of negatives upon every one of
the assertions made by the functionaries: of this
fovernmeut, from the honorable gentleman from
tassachusetts down to the present time.; to contra-
vene the treaty of Ildefonso; and more—to negative
our own act—to negative the treaty of 1819. If it
had, by its own efforts, energy, and gallantry, dis-
severed its relation with Mexico, growing up under
the treaty of 1819, might it not, on the d ."-trine of
post liminium, revert to us, and be clothed with all its
former powers and privileges? !ln speaking of this
treaty of 1819, Mr. H. said that treaty was not dis-
honorable; under the circumstances, it was the best
thing that could be done. He spoke this on the au-
thority of Monroe; as would ^appear when the
writings of Mr. Monroe came to be disclosed. At
that time Mr. Monroe saw the spirit of anti-slavery,
small at first, no bigger than the palm of the hand,
like the cloud of Samaria, but fraught with terrific
fonse<juence  to the South; and with the sagacity of
a statesman, he took the benefit of Florida, (lestit
might be lost forever,) and trusted to the elasticity
of our citizens, to the energy of the Texians, that
they would wish to come back. That treaty of
1819 was negotiated under an administration as vir-
tuous as any of the government, with the approba-
tion of those who knew best, and with the dissent-
ing voice (as far as he knew) of but one gentleman
in the House. With the exception of Henry Clay,
he knew of not a single man that disapproved the
treaty of 1819; but now it happened that we had
waked up to new issues; it happened that new vis-
ions of glory dazzled their sight, and we go back to
condemn the treaty of 1819, and to blame its au-
thors. I will not do it, said Mr. H.
Further alluding to the anti-slavery movements of
the day, Mr. H. said there was a tremendous mael-
strom, a whirlpool, that was gathering in blackness
and fury to drink up and absorb all that was estima-
ble in our southern institutions, all that imparted vi-
tality and vigor to them, and all that they held most
sacred connected with their hearth-stones and their
homes. It was anti-slavery—anti-slavery which,
in a recent election, had shown itself of no small
power—which had been seen to make parties trem-
ble—to make men on this floor, who went into the
contest pledging themselves for Texas, bowing
down and doing her homage. Sixty-four thousand
votes, on a balance of parties, was a mighty and por-
tentous weight; and who could have read the saga-
cious, the skilful, the admirably-adapted-to-the-cir-
cumstances message of the second great magician of
New York—who, when he was exalted to the throne
of the Empire State, might have been expected to
speak in imperial tones, and to be listened to with
mute attention—and not feel that he, too, trembled
like another on his throne, trembled at the fact that
in the late election Texas was the issue, and by the
issue was determined? And yet, he had spoken of
our foreign relations in ten lines.
Did any person who knew tint man—his saga-
cious mind, his acumen, his admirable skill as a tac-
tician—doubt for a moment that he foresaw that
there was a gathering cloud, that four years hence
he would not be able to encounter? And so far as
party was concerned he was right; for men that
came here at the first of session ready to go for the
admission of Texas, now blanched from that ques-
tion. Now he put it to southerners, as this sectional
question had been raised, was it sectional in them
to endeavor to preserve those relations which could
alone give them connection with this Union? Was
it sectional in them to defend those rights and inter-
ests which had been assailed by the ruthless hand
of abolitionism? Was it sectional in them, with a
particular species of population, that was increasing,
to protest against the establishment of bounds be-
yond which they shall not pass? Their black pop-
ulation now amounted to about three millions; and
what would be the condition of the whites when
they should expand over the whole country cooped
up within their present limits, and without the ca-
pability of emigration? Did gentlemen consider this
state of things? Did they look at the interest of the
North, and particularly to that shipping interest
which made her the general carrier of the Union,
when they opposed this measure? Who dare tell
us (said he) that we are unpatriotic when we, resist
a construction of the constitution lately avowed on
that floor, that that instrument, while it guarantied
slavery as it existed when it was adopted, imparted
no potentiality to its extension in proportion to the.
increase of our population and the wants of the
country? Gentlemen had talked of dividing this
country into two parts, in one of which slavery was
te be excluded. A southerner who would agree to
this—a southerner who wou'd manacle and
fetter the energies of his children, must be
either a knave or a fool. Admit Texas, and
give but two slave States; and what (said Mr.
B.) will be our condition? With an exhaust-
ed soil, and a dense population, which, with-
out a field for industry and enterprise, must grow
idle, let gentlemen figure to themselves the conse-
quences. But let southern men look to it. The
North is to have territory reaching to the Rocky
Mountains, and, overleaping its icy barriers, are to
add State after State; while the South will have an
increasing and dangerous population, which it can-
not have an outlet tor. And yet the spirit of aboli-
tion would forbid the South from acquiring new ter-
ritory, lest it might extend southern institutions.
Vermont threatened to leave the Union, in case
Texas was annexed to it.
After some further remarks, showing the advan-
tages that had already resulted to the eastern States .
by the Union, and the further advantages they ■
would derive from the annexation of Texas, the
hour of Mr. H. having expired, he took his seat.
Mr. W. J. BROWN, having obtained the floor,
yielded it, for the purpose of explanation, to
Mr. MORSE, who observed that he had obtained
the floor, through the indulgence of the gentleman
who was entitled to it, for the purpose of correcting
an erroneous report of some remarks made by him,
when, a few days since, he addressed the committee
on this subject. In the New York Herald—a paper
of very extensive circulation—he was represented
as saying that the slaves of his S'ate were better
clothed, better fed, and had more general intelli-
gence, than the laboring portion of the people of the
manufacturing States. This was entirely incorrect.
What he did say was, that the slaves of his State
were better fed, better clothed, and had more intelli-
gence, than a large proportion of the laboring peo-
ple of Europe.
Mr, WM. J. BP^OWN observed that, inasmuch
as he was one of those who thought the interests
and honor of our common country would be pro-
moted by the annexation of Texas to the United
States, and es he believed that it was the wish of
the people of his State that this annexation
should take place, he felt it due to them, as well as
to himself, to give to the committee a few brief and
desultory remarks explaining his reasons for going
for this measure.
The gentleman from Pennsylvania [Mr. J. R. In-
gersoll] had urged as an objection to this measure
that an attempt had been made to carry it through
the House by a sort of hurrah, as it had been carri-
ed in town meetings during the late presidential
contest. Now, if there was anything wronj in
these political hurrahs, he must say that his party
had learned them from the example set by their
whig opponents. He believed that it was in his
State in 1840, during the hard cider campaign, when
Mr. Clay, at one of these hurrah meetings, told the
people that the day for reason and argument had
passed away, and that the hour of action had ar-
rived. Yes, that action was consummated by the
shouting at the top of their voices,
"With Tip and T;. Jer
Wo'tl burst Van's biler "
Well, they did burst. Van Buren's biler; but the
democracy, like Antscus of old, rose with renewed
vigor from their fall, and showed them that, if
With Tip and Tyler
They burst Van's bjler,
"With T> lei atone
They burst their own.
But that the annexation of Texas was one of the
principal issues made in the last presidential contest,
and that the people had pronounced their verdict in
its favor, admitted not of a doubt.'- Throughout the
whole country the mottoes of "Polk and Dallas,"
"Oregon and Texas," were inscribed on the banners
of the democracy. He would say to the gentleman,
that these inscriptions were no unmeaning phrases.
They told that this great national question was
staked on the issue, and that it was the very nature
of this great national question to carry heme to the
bosom of every patriot's feelings which the worship-
pers of that same old coon never knew. He re-
garded this question as having been settled by the
fate election, and therefore believed that Congress
had but one plain and simple duty to perform,
which was to carry out the will of the people as ex-
pressed at the ballot-boxes. He would add that
those representatives who should venture to disre-
gard that will, had a fearful responsibility to en-
counter. It was stud someu here, that "he.U had no
fury like a woman scorned;1' but in bis opinion
there was no vengeance so much to be dreaded as
that of an abused and insulted constituency. As to
the manner in which this great question was to be
consummated, he was not particular. He was not
wedded to any particular plan. He was for Texas
first, and for settling the details afterwards. He
was like the young man of his own native West,
who, when, with stout arms and honest principles,
he sets out on life's journey, the first thing he does
is to take to himself a wife; and when he is wedded
to one whose smiles aie to gild the rainbow of
hi°3 life, the next thing is to build a cabin. Like
this young settler, ho would go first, for Texas,
for the country, and then he would be ready
to settle the details. tie should not attempt
to enter into the constitutional argument which
^ad been so ably handled by other gentlemen,
was plain to him the article in the con*titu«
