CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
141
the arguments of some gentlemen were correct, we
could not acquire territory at all by any of the re-
cognised modes of conquest, discovery, gift, or
otherwise;-but he could not believe that it was ever
intended that we should be thus restrained.
But to follow this subject a little further. "What
had been the practice of this government? Why,
lirom the days of' the formation of the constitution,
we had been "constantly acquiring territory. The
gentleman fronn- Kentucky [Mr. Gr. Davis] yester-
day said that, if the House undertook to exercise
this power, it would trench on the treaty-making
power. But he (Mr. B.) contended that the acqui-
sition of territory could be accomplished in both
ways. North Carolina was not admitted by treaty;
the other outstanding States were not admitted by
treaty; Louisiana was not admitted by treaty; it was
by contract. That part of Louisiana lying between
t *n r?1^0 r*ver an^ the Mississippi was admitted by
bill. Florida wps admitted by treaty, and thus the
examples were both ways; and he therefore denied
that treaty was the only way in which territory
could be acquired. They did not hear the objec-
tions now raised in 1811 and 1813, when, by act of
Congress, the country lying between the Perdido
river and the Mississippi was taken into this con-
xederacy by bein^ added to Louisiana at the solici-
tation of that little republic herself, now the con-
cessional district represented by General Dawson
on this floor. And why were these constitutional
objections raised at the times he had enumerated^
Were we worse than our fathers? Do we know
more of constitutional law than they who framed
the constitution?
next question, then, which arose, if he had
been successful in showing that we had the power
to acquire territory, wasjjias Texas the right and the
power to demand admission into this confederacy1
She had acquired the right by her arms, By what
title do we hold our power' By what tenure do we
hold sovereign power in this republic? By the pow-
er of the arms of freemen, who won it on the battle
held. And such was the tenure on which Texas
stoodj
• Wotei3> from tlle appendix to the Federal-
ist, Mr. Madison's authority for the abolition of old
governments and the establishment of new ones by
any nation; and he argued, on this authority, that,
-Texas was free, (having acquired her independ-
ence by the blood of her freemen,) shemisrhtdo
anything which a sovereign and independent nation
may do. He quoted other authorities to the same
purport. Was, then, (he inquired,) Texas free
sovereign, and independent? He had not time to go
over the scenes which had been enactcd between
Texas and Mexico, but he would simply say that
Texas acquired her independence on the plains of
ban Jacinto, and she there sealed it with the blood
ot her best patiiots. One gentleman [Mr. C. B.
Smith] had told them that, by the acquisition of
1 exas, they robbed Mexico; but this he (Mr. B.)
denied. Texas had won her independence by her
arms; she had erected her banner there, and bade
defiance to a congregated world. Texas was free
Mid independent, and she had a right to enter into
this compact, or to give herself to this Union.
Texas could give and we could accept; she was as
sovereign as Spain; and if this appeal now made by
her proved fruitless, the day was not far distant
when the banners of Texas should wave more bril-
liantly than those of old Spain.
Then, if we had the constitutional right to annex
Texas, and she had the undoubted authority to ask
to be admitted, the only question remaining to be
decided was the question of expediency; and he
contended that it was a great national question—a
question addressing itself as well to the man from
Massachusetts as from South Carolina. If it were
a sectional question, it would belong to the valley of
the Mississippi, and not to the South, as was so
much argued; but he denied emphatically that it was
a sectional question.
[_He proceeded to refer to the commercial advanta-
ges that would arise from annexation to this coun-
try; in proof v/hereof h'e notieed the fact that its area
v/as almost equal to that of the original thirteen
Slates; that she was a fertile cotton growing region,
th"at, in case she were to enter into commercial trea-
ties with foreign governments, she would be ena-
bled, by iier crop of cotton raised from her virgin
soli, to drive us out of the foreign market. Thus
England, whose power dotted all the countries of
the globe, he argued, would not be reluctant to do
this. Texas was a part and parcel of our country;
its wars were our wars; and if she were suffered to
from us, she might never 'be regained.^]
[But the acquisition of Texas in a military point
of view was of vas t importance, took at the pos-
session of Texas with regard to the Gulf and to the
great valley of the Mississippi! He spoke of the
commercial importance of New Orleans, now the
recipient of the productive labor of seven millions
of people, the second commercial city in our repub-
lic; and in a few years, by the irresistible laws of
nature and of trade, destined to be the first city, not
only in this republic, but on the globe. What would
be the position of that city, and of the valley of the
Mississippi, if Texas were in possession of a pow-
erful commercial nation who would employ its
arms in battling and destroying the commerce of
our own great gulf? And he was no general: but
give him an army on the plains of Texas, and he
could reach and invade New Orleans before we could
call down our forces from Tennessee to her defence;
thty had but to float down the Red river to fall
right into the city of New Orleans. He depicted
the fearful condition of our southern frontier and
country in case of an invasion in this w,ay from
foreign forces, in conjunction with the 150,000 hos-
tile savages of the western borders of Arkansas;
and, in addition to all this, the horrors of their situa-
tion, aggravated by the servile insurrection which,
as a matter of course, would be excited. WYs
England too good to do this? Let her barbarities in
Hmdostan answer.
'It had been argued by almost every gentleman on
the opposite side that the great difficulty upon this
subject was the compromise line; and he spoke the
language of his people when he said they preferred,
Texas without it; but also when he further said that
Texas was worth too much to be thrown away for
a compromise. Give the compromise if necessary.
But the idea was frequently advanced that the an-
nexation of Texas would be the enlarging the area
of slavery on this continent. It was a mistaken idea.
Reject Texas, and she was all a slave territory. And
not only this; but the day was not far distant when
the flag of Texas (if not annexed) would wave over
the city of the Montezumas, and slavery would then
be extended over all this territory. That was the work-
ing of this so-much hoasted philanthropy. And when
Texas reached Central America (as she would reach
it) slavery would follow in its train. If gentlemen
really wished, as they so loudly professed, to show
humanity towards the slave, and to restrict the area
of slavery, did it not appear, in the light of this argu-
ment, that the most direct way to effect it was to ad-
mit Texas? J
He was not disposed to draw a distinction between
the different plans proposed for annexation. He
had his choice; he had his partiality for that of the
gentleman from Virginia, [Mr. Dromgoole,] and of
the gentleman from Ohio, [Mr. Weli.eji;] but as
far as he was concerned, representing in part the
people of Missouri, he was ready to adopt any meas-
ures, by fair and honorable terms, to acquire that
teriitory.
Mr. B.'s hour here expired.
Mr. HARDIN obtained the floor. [He announced
that he should waive the discussion of the constitu-
tional question, (which he did not consider the
strongest objection,) because of the impossibility of
reaching the minds of those who avowed them-
selves the friends of annexation, who (he said)
claimed to be the strict constructionists par excel-
lence, but who were always able to find authority
in the constitution for anything which they favored-
while that to which they were opposed was inva-
riably discovered to be unconstitutional. ■) He
avowed, while he believed, Mexico had aright to
Texas if she affirmed that right by fair, open war
in a reasonable time; at the same time he did not
admit that any other nation had the right to inter-
fere in this matter. It was a question with which
Mexico, Texas, and the United States, and no other
powers, had to do. Further, if Texas was annexed
by the means proposed, and did, in pursuance of
the compact by which it was effected, dissolve her
government, and come into ours, then, unless the
annexation were declared null and void by the su-
pieme judicial authority of the country, (which he
did not anticipate,) he should consider Texas
as an integral part of this Union, and entitled to" be
defended by all our forces in case of invasion or
danger. Permit him to say, that his sympathies
had always been with the Texians, He rejoiced
that there was reason to believe, as was declared bv
the President of Texas, that there was not the least
danger of their ever being again subject to tie Mex-
ican yoke. *
They often heard it said that there was danger 6{
Great Britain taking possession of Texas. For one,
he said, in case of such an attempt, he thought it
would be our duty to interfere to prevent Great
Britain from accomplishing this scheme. But there
was no reason for anticipating such a thing.
He considered all these different questions, which
had been brought forward by the imaginations of
gentlemen, about the danger of Texas coming un-
der the dominion or control of Great Britain, to be
mere bugbears held up to those who have a mind to
be frightened.
But he would first speak of the objections to this
measure—the first of which in order was the liabil-
ity this government was to assume to pay the debts
of Texas, however created. It was true they were
estimated at ten millions of dollars; but there was
every reason to believe that they amounted to con-
siderably more. Indeed, their amount never had
been satisfactorily ascertained, and he did not be-
lieve that Texas herself knew it. But what good
reason was there that this government should as-
sume the debts of Texas? It had been argued that,
because we were to get their lands, we should pay
their debts; but this could not be the true reason, or
it would have been stated so in the treaty. Hera,
Mr, H. read extracts from the clauses' of the treaty
providing for the assumption of the debts of Texas.
IThe true reason was, that, as the United States are
to acquire the sovereignty of Texas, have posses-
sion of her forts snd arsenals, and her army and
navy, we must take upon ourselves her wars, and
therefore, of necessity, assume her debts. He then
went on, by an examination of the country, to show
that the lands remaining unsold would not be suffi-
cient to pay the debts of Texas; and on this part of
the subject, he submitted a map, to show that a
large portion of the territory which had been repre-
sented as fertile and productive was nothing but a
desirC? '
®r. H. next argued against the expansion of the
territory of the Union; and he considered the desire
for the acquisition of foreign territory not patriot-
ism, but national ambition and national aggrandise-
ment.,'] From this branch of the subject he proceed?
ed to the discussion of the question of slarery, as
connected with this question, and contended that
the 'measure was designed for the expansion and
peipetuation of slavery—referring to the correspond-
ence of Mr. Upshur and Mr. Calhoun to prove the
truth of this position.
He plainly denounced slavery as a curse to the
people amongst whom it exists; and when they of
the free States were asked to extend to dominion of
slavery, they were asked to do that which was re-
volting to them. They were, however, willing to
adhere to the compromises of the constitution. If
annexation, as was said, would draw slavery from
existing slave States, why, he asked, had not the
slaves been withdrawn from Maryland, Virginia
land Kentucky to the rich lands of the Mississippi*
, lhe idea, he said, was absurd; and they did not in-
tend to be deceived and cheated by such proposi-
tions as had been made to them. If there was anv
(question t*iat could disturb this Union to its centre
it was the slave question; and it must be settled
before the annexation of Taxas, if they desired to
avoid Its dangers.' ■ He said he believed there was
a majority on this floor opposed to annexation, but
it remained to be seen if they would not sacrifice
their judgments to party obligations.
Mr. SEVERANCE said the question had been
spoken of as sectional, and peculiarly for the benefit
of the South; but the benefit of any particular sec-
tion of the Union by any act of legislation there
would not, with him, afford ground for objection; for
there was scarcely any act of legislation done by
this government which operated with perfect equal-
ity on every part of the country. The only ques-
tion in his mind was, Is it right? Is it proper? Will
It be injurious to the whole community? Will it be
consistent with the honor of the country? He had
paid some attention to this subject, and he was well
satisfied that there was an insurmountable barrier
beiore them, in the progress of annexation, in the
constitution of the country. He was satisfied that
there was no constitutional power in this govern-
ment which enabled Congress'to admit foreign terri-
tory into this UniomJ This was the opinion of Mr
Gallotion, Mr. Jefferson's Secretary of the Treas-
ury. It was the opinion of men who might be con-
sidered the fathers of the democratic party. It was
the opinion of Mr. Calhoun to 1816, then a mem-
