144
CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
pension laws, and tHerefore he opposed the bill.
Bnt it was due to Doctor Brainard to say that he
had fought and been severely maimed in the service
as a drum-major, and after his first discharge he
joined the army as a volunteer. In one of the most
brilliant affairs of the war, it became necessary to
"form the musicians into a company, of which Dr.
!Brainard took the command; and he distinguished
himself with great gallantry. He was again severe-
ly wounded; and next year he was discharged. He
.states in his memorial that he felt repugnant to bur-
dening himself on the country as a pensioner as long
as he could, by his own exertions, support himself
and his family. But in 1842, finding from the effects
of his wounds that he was completely disabled, and
that he could no longer, by his own exertions, sup-
port himself and family, for the first time he con-
sented to apply for a pension.
Mr. SEVIER stated that there never was a case
which appealed more strongly to Congress for an
exception to the general rule laid down by the law
alluded to by the senator from Massachusetts, than
this. Captain Harrison's case last session, however
meritorious in itself, was not even to be compared to
that of Dr. Brainard; and yet the bill for his relief,
going much further than this bill proposed to go—
for it gave him $40 a month, and this only calls for
$20—was passed by a large majority. The most
distinguished officers in the late war testified to the
uncommon gallantry with which Dr. Brainard
fought; for they witnessed it. In that service he
lost his arm and the use of one his legs, and now,
as he grows old and disabled, he asks only that sup-
port to which he is so justly entled.
Messrs. HENDERSON, ALLEN, and ARCH-
ER testified with eloquence and feeling to the ex-
traordinary merits of this claim, and elicited such
sympathy in favor of the applicant, that there was
no further opposition to the bill.
The bill was accordingly reported back fo the
Senate, and ordered to be engrossed and read a third
time.
On motion by Mr. HENDERSON, it was agreed
that when the Senate adjourn, it be to Monday
next.
Several communications from the executive de-
partments were then read. Among them was one
from the War Department, communicating the an-
nual report of the Commissioner of Pensions;
which was laid on the table, and the question of
printing was referred to the Committee on Print-
ing.
Another was a communication from the Depart-
ment of State, in answer to the Senate resolution of
the 23d ultimo, [Mr. Johnson's,] calling for all in-
formation in possession of the department on the
subject of immigrants to this country, and foreign
paupers and criminals, sent here by other govern-
ments.
The answer of the State Department is, in sub-
stance, that the only documents in its possession,
touching foreign paupers and criminals sent here,
are a communication from the American consul at
Hamburg, dated 22d January, 1833, with a report
of the Hamburg Senate of the 4th January, 1833;
and Mr. Forsyth's report of 10th May, 1838. (See
House document 350, 25th Congress, 2d session.)
As to immigration, a tabular statement is furnish-
ed from the department in answer to the Senate res-
olution, showing the average number of persons
arriving in the United States annually for the last
eight years, as follows:
ANNUAL AVERAGE OF ARRIVALS.
Occupation.
No occupation
Children
Merchants
Laborers
Marines
Mechanics
Clergy
Farmers
Physicians and surgeons
Gentlemen
All others
Total •
Total of both sexes
Who came from—
United States •
England and Scotland •
Germany
Ireland *
France
Spain and Colonies
British possessions
Males.
7,140
6,466
4,560
9,0-59
702
• 8,415
13*
11,462
217
275 Ladies
523
- 78,§41
Mahs.
- 3,418
- 6,739
- 11,051
- 17,749
• 3,214
832
• 1,365
Females.
21,663
6,71-2
b
497
236
06 i
29,968
Femnhs.
1,261
4,679
7,186
12.332
1,760
156
714
Texas
All other places
1,463
3,147
48,973
26,968
176
1,714
Total of both sexes • - 78,941 as above.
On motion by Mr. JOHNSON, this communica-
tion was laid on the table, and ordered to be
printed.
Mr. T.APPAN moved a reconsideration of the
vote that when the Senate adjourn, it be to Mon-
day next. He was anxious to have the Smithsoni-
an bill taken up and considered to-morrow.
Mr. ARCHER said there was a pressing neces-
sity for going into executive session on business of
great consequence. The motion of the honorable
senator from Ohio could be considered after the ex-
ecutive session.
On Mr. A.'s motion the Senate proceeded to the
consideration of executive business; and after some
time had been spent therein, the motion made by
Mr. Tappan not prevailing,
The Senate adjourned to Monday next.
HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES.
Thursday, January 16,1845.
The journal having been read,
Mr. TAYLOR observed that he had been direct-
ed by the Committee on Accounts to state that they
were prepared to make, this morning, a report to the
House on a matter connected with its business;
but that circumstances had occurred to induce them
to delay that report till to-morrow.
QUESTION OF PRIVILEGE.
Mr. PRESTON KING rose to a question of
privilege. He said he found in one of the official
papers of Congress, the National Intelligencer, pub-
lished by the printers to the Senate, the following
announcement;
•'The newspaper correspondence from this city having
led the public to anticipate a hostile meeting between Mr.
Cungmas and Mr. Yancey, of the House of Representatives,
we think it proper to mention that such a meeting is under-
stood to hdve taken place between those gentlemen on Mon-
day last, few miles from thi« city; when, after exchanging
one fire, fortunatelv without mjuiy to either party, the diffi-
culty was honorably adjusted. through the intervention of
friends, and the parties reconciled.''
I regard the fact of a duel (said Mr. Pres.-
ton King) sufficiently probable to justify the
inquiry which 1 propose; and I offer the fol-
lowing resolutions, because I consider this a
proper occasion for the action of this House upon
the practice of dueling. There is now no excite-
ment, no cause for excitement on this subject.
What, by those who have experience in these mat-
ters, may be considered as a mere complimentary
affair, has occurred—if anything has occurred.
This, in my opinion, is a proper time when the
sense and opinion of this House should be pro-
nounced upon such occurrcnces. If these compli-
mentary affairs are permitted, they will go on until
at length some person may be seriously hurt, per-
haps killed. Then there would be excitement and
a great ado. Now there is no cause to disturb the
quiet judgment of the House, I offer these resolu-
tions:
Resolved, That a select committee be appointed by the
Speaker, whose duty it shall be to inquire and report to this
Houie whether any, and if any, what members of this House
have been engaged in fighting a duel on account of words
spoken in debate on this fioor, and that the said committee
have power to send for persons and papers.
Resolved, That jf it shall appear to the s>aid committee that
any members of this Hou^e have been engaged m fighting
a duel on account of words spoken m debate on this floor,
then the said committee are instructed to ieport the facts,
with a resolution to expel from this House any member or
members guilty of such crime
Mr. PAYNE said he would object to the recep-
tion of the resolution, if he had the right to do so.
The SPEAKER said that this was a question of
privilege, and therefore in order.
Mr. SLIDELL moved to lay the resolutions on
the table; and the yeas and nays having been order-
ed, the question on that motion was taken and de-
cided in the negative—yeas 75, nays 94.
Mr. HOUSTON said he was opposed to the sys-
tem of dueling, and believed the people were gen-
erally disposed to discountenance it; yet there might
be cases which would jnstify, to a great extent, a
meeting of that character. He did not rise, how-
ever, to investigate or discuss the principles of duel-
ing—its morality or immorality; another occasion
might present itself when such an investigation
would be more appropriate, at which time he would
be found upon the side of those who condemn
that improper practice. His object now was to pro-
pose an amendment which seemed to be demanded
by the plainest principles of right and justice, and one
to which he presumed the honorable mover of the
resolution [Mr. King] would interpose no objection.
As the resolutions now stand, (said Mr. H.,) the
committee to which this matter is proposed to be
committed, are positively instructed to report a res-
olution of expulsion, together with the facts of the
case. He cared but little about an inquiry into the
facts, and that they should be reported to this House;
and then, and then only, can we know what punish-
ment, if any, should be awarded to those who may
have been concerned. Upon all of the facts coming
before this House, it might beapparentto all of us that
other and different punishment should be inflicted
than that proposed by the resolutions, or that none at
all should be inflicted. Further, he said, one of the
parties might be found deserving of punishment, the
other not; one in a greater, the other in a less degree;
whereas the resolutions required that both should
be expelled. He would respectfully ask the House,
as well as the honorable gentleman who moved the
resolu tions, if they could not imagine a case in which
they would punish one of the parties concerned, and
not the other? Certainly they could. They often
so occurred; and therefore with what propriety, or
with what sort of face, can they prejudge a case, as
they were now desired to do, before they knew the
facts. Were gentleman willing thus to give positive
instructions to a committee to report resolutions of
expulsion in the dark, in total ignorance of the facts
of the case? May we not (said Mr. H.) punish an
innocent man, blast his reputation forever, by an
unceremonious expulsion before the facts are known
upon which, and upon which alone, we can act? He
wanted to punish understanding^, when he did it
at all; and therefore he proposed to amend the reso-
lutions now before the House by striking out that
part which instructs expulsion in advance of the evi-
dence, leaving that which proposes and requires a
report of the facts. Then (said he) we can propose
a proper punishment, if any can be inflicted by this
House.
Mr. RAYNER observed that, before any vote
was taken on the amendment or the resolution, he
should like to hear, from some member—either the
one who had taken upon himself the responsibility
to offer these resolutions, or those who supported
them—some reasons why a representative of the
people of this country was to be arraigned before
that House for a matter in which neither the consti-
tution nor the rules of the House were involved.
This was no trifling matter. It affected the charac-
ter of every member of the House. Now, he would
ask why it was that the power of the House should
be invoked for the expulsion of members because
they were concerned in dueling; and where was the
clause in the constitution which disqualified a man
for serving the people because he had committed
that offence? Should there be no clause in the con-
stitution providing for punishing a man for fighting
a duel—if it was proved that there was no rule of
the House defining such an act to be an offence
against it—if the rights of no State had been in-
vaded,—then he asked, what right had they to in-
terfere with the privileges of one of their members?
Now, he took the ground that, to expel a member
from that House, it must first be proved that he had
a constitutional disqualification—that he had violated
some rule of the House, or that his moral delin-
quency rendered h:m an unfit associate for his fel-
low-members. Now, were there any charges of
this nature against any of the members of that
House? If not, lie demanded its authority to do
the thing attempted to be done; and, as a representa-
tive of 70,000 freemen, he protested against it.
Now he stood on this; and he said they had no
right, standing all there, as they did, bound to
recognise each other as equals, to inflict such a pun-
ishment. He met this thing at the thieshold, for the
tiling involved both tyranny and oppression; and as
the representative of a free people, he was bound to
oppose it. Not having been in the House when the
resolution was read, he requested the clerk to read
it again
Tlie Clerlf read it accordingly.
Mr. RAYNER continued. Did they not see what
it proposed to do? It proposed to inflict punishment
on those who might deserve praise, instead of cen-
sure. Punishment was to be inflicted on all who
were concerned. Now there might be some there
who were actuated by the best feelings of human-
ity. There might be parties there whose desire was
to harmonize the parties, and save their lives, if it
