CON«R£88KOirAL GLOBE.
PUBLISHED BY BLAIR AND KITES, AT ONE DOLLAR PER SESSION, IN ADYANCE.
28th Cong 2d Sess.
MONDAY, JANUARY. 20, 1845.
Volume 14....No. 10.
[Continued from No. 9-]
could be done without the violation of what they
considered their honor. And how were all the
minutise to be brought here? There might have
been many there who went with sad hearts, and
with such feelings as-every good and humane man
ought to fee!-, "for do man, who has a heart in his
bosom, could look but with perfect horror on two-
of his fellow-men risking their lives in deadly con-
flict, but yet might be present, for the purpose, if
possible, of reconciliation; and, failing in that, then
of performing the last sad offices for a friend and
colleague. They would punish all who might wit-
ness this transaction, although their agency might
have sprung from the purest impulses of humanity.
But he knew how fruitless it was to appeal to the
sensibilities or to the justice of men who sat here
with the halter of fanaticism about their heads. He
knew how difficult it was for them to pursue the im-
Eulses of humanity, when they had constituents at
ome who deterred them from such a course. He,
however, appeale4 to no feelings of humanity, but to
the eternal principles of justice. He stoftd on the
rights of a representative of the people. He stood
on the constitution of the country under which they
were there assembled, and on the rules of order of
this House. He stood, also, on the rules which so-
ciety had enacted, and which were recognised as
binding on them in the relation which each man
should bear to his fellow-man, to govern his de-
portment through life. Ie was for these reasons
that he had taken such a course. He begged gen-
tlemen not to misunderstand him. He was not an-
gry; but he was strongly opposed to the. passage of
such a resolution in any shape. He was opposed
to it because he knew that sinister influences could
be brought to bear on any committee that the House
might appoint; and an ignominious punishment
might-be inflicted on men who were impelled by cir-
cumstances o?er which they had no control.
Mr. PAYNE said it appeared to him they were'
running away too fast in this matter. He would
like to know what evidence there was before the
House that any meeting had taken place between
any members of this body. On looking around
he saw all the members in their places; he saw no
wounds, nor any other evidence of hostile feeling
having been excited amongst the members of this
House; and he could not conceive on what authori-
ty the mover of this resolution offered a resolution
of this sort. Was it from idle rumor that pervaded
this country? Was it the idle rumors with which
the papers were filled from day to day? Had any
gentleman proclaimed that he had had a hostile meet-
ing with another member of this body? Itappeared to
him there was no such evidence before them. All
was founded on rumor, or perhaps on a paragraph
which appeared yesterday in the National Intelligen-
cer of this city. But was that sufficient ground on
which a member of this House should rise on this
floor, and move a resolution whose object was the
expulsion of a member of this body? Were they to
rely on rumors, the truth of which no individual
had endorsed, and thus ostracise an individual,
whose only crime might be that he was entitled to
the epithet of "just?" They had enough to (loin
this House without attending to any idle rumors
which the newspapers had circulated, or which
were found to float en the bref7.e through this city.
Butindependent of the views which he had thus
expressed, there were others to which he would
allude. Admitting, for the sake of argument, that a
hostile meeting had taken place: what then was to
grow out of this investigation? Did they entertain
the belief that any person was to be expelled from
this House under its operation? No. Was there
any law passed by this House which had been vio-
lated? Not one. Had they any law declaring that,
if any members of this body shall engage in a duel,
they shall be disqualified from sitting here? There
was no such law. Who!, then, he asked, was to be
the result? Nothing but a consumption of time—a
useless and unnecessary consumption of time. He
would ask the Clerk to read the anti-duelling law,
which passed this House some time ago—1839.
The Clerk read the law as follows:
AN ACT to prohibit the giving or accepting, within the Dis-
trict o£ Columbia, of a challenge to fight a duel, and for
the punishment thereof.
Sect. 1. Bt it enacted by the Senate and House of Repre-
sentatives of the United. States of America in Congress as-
sembled. That if any person shall, in the-District of Colum-
bia, challenge another to fight a duel, or-shall send or de-_
liver any written or verbal message, purporting or intended
to be such challenge, or shall accept any such challenge, or
message, or shall knowingly carry or deliver any such chal-
lenge or message, or shall knowingly carry or deliver an ac-
ceptance of such challenge or message to fight a duelin or
out of the said District, and such duel shall be fought in or
out of the said District, and either of the parties thereto shall
be slain or mortally wounded in such duel, the surviving
party to such duel, and every person carrying or delivering
sufch challenge or message, or acceptance of such challenge
or message a$ aforeraid, and all others aiding or abetting
therein, shall be deemed guilty of felony; and upon con-
viction thereof, in any court competent to the trial thereof,
in the said District, sliaU be punished by imprisonment and
confinement to hard labor in the penitentiary, for a term
not exceeding ten years, in the discretion of the court.
Sec. 2. And be it further enacted, That if any person shall
give or send, or cause to be given or sent, to any person in
the District of Columbia, any challenge to fight a duel, or
to engage m single combat with any deadly or dangerous
instrument or weapon whatever, or if any person in said
District shall accept any challenge to fight a duel, or to en-
gage in single combat with any deadly or dangerous instru-
ment or weapon whatever, or shall be the bearer of any
such challenge, every person so giving or sending, or caus-
ing to be given or sent, or accepting such challenge or be-
ing the bedrcr thereof, and every person aiding or abetting
in the giving, sending, or accepting such challenge, shall
be deemed guilty of high crime and misdemeanor: and on
conviction tneieof, in any court competent to try tne same
in the said District, shall be punished by imprisonment
and confinement to hard labor in the penitentiary, for a
term not exceeding five years, in the discretion, of the
court.
Sfc. 3. And be it further enacted, That if any person shall
assault, strike, beat, or wound, or cause to be assaulted,
stricken, beaten, or wounded, any person in the District of
Columbia, for declining orrefusingto rcceptany challenge
to fight a duel, or to"engage in single combat with any
deadly oj dangerous instrument or weapon whatever, or
shall post or publish, or cause to be posted or published,
any writing chargiug any such person so declining or re-
fusing to accept any such challenge, to be a coward, or
using any other opprobrious or injurious language therein,
tending to degrade and disgrace such person for so declin-
ing, or refusing such challenge, every person s<> offend-
ing, on conviciion thereof in any court competent to the
trial thereof, in the said District, shall be punished by
confinement to hard labor in the penitentiary, for a term not
exceeding three years, in the discretion of the court.
Sec. 4. And be it further enacted. That, if any person or
persons, for the purpose of evading the provisions ol this
act, shall leave the District of Columbia, by previous ar-
rangement or concert within the same, with intent to give
or receive any such challenge without said District, and
shall give or receive any sucn challenge accordingly, the
person or persons so offending shall be deemed guilty of
misdemeanor, and be subject to the same penalties as if
such challenge had been given and received within said
District.
Sfc. 5. And he it further enacted,t That every offender
may plead a former conviction or acquittal for the same
offence in any State or county ; and the same, being
established, shall be a bar to any further proceedings
against such person under the next preceding section of
this act.
Sec. 6. Any be it further enacted, That any person offend-
ing against the provisions of this act may be a compe-
tent witness against any other person offending in the
same transaction, and may, at the discretion of the court,
be compelled to give evidence before any giand jury, oron
any trial in court; but the person so testifying stall not
thereafter be liable to prosecution for the same matter, nor
shall the testimony so given be used against him in any case
whatsoever.
Sec. 7. And be it fmther enacted, That, in addition to the
oath now prescribed by law to be administered to the grand
jury of the District of Columbia, they shall be sworn "faith-
fully and impartially to inquire into, and tiue presentment
make of, all offences against this act.
Mr. PAYNE. That was the law which hod been
provided by the wisdom of Congiess for the sup-
pression of dueling; and the Hoftse would observe
that it transferred the whole matter to the courts of
this District. In that law there was not one word
about the right of the House to punish individuals
for actions of that kind. The whole matter was
referred to the courts of this city, and certain pen-
alties were imposed, which were heavy enough.
His object in causing the reading of that law was,
that the people might see that the punishment of of-
fences of that kind had been transferred to the
courts, and that this House had reserved to itself,
in the passage of that law, no authority to punish
offences of that kind; and consequently no earthly
good could result from this discussion. He charged
no motive on the gen'leman who brought it before
the House, because every gentles, ei had a right to
act on his own motive^ but tocsf ten these things
were humbugs, played off for the deception of the
public. If they now entertained this resolution, the
people would be led to believe that they were going
to 4o-something—that they were about to .punisH
some individual for the violation of some law; but
they well knew, that they, co\ild, do nothing of the
sort. All that they could do would be to reprimand;
and how beautifully farcical such a thing would be
before •. the American people! As to expulsion,
-that, was out of the question; and he desired that
the people should know the fact that nothing was
to grow out of this matter. It would therefore be
much better to turn it over to where the law places
it—the courts of the District of Columbia,—that
they might dispose of it. If, then, no good was
to result from'it here, let" them dispose of it
at once—let themi refuse to refer it, and
so that the time of the House might not be wasted.
He knew no good would result from the adoption of
the resolution, for such measures were the most
inefficient things on *arth. He had a good deaj of
experience in the world for his age, and he could tell
them that every law yet passed for the suppression
of dueling but augmented the evil. But if gentle-
men really desired to apply the axe to. the root of
the evil, and to prevent dueling, they must adopt a
course that would be efficient; and then he would
willingly go with them. They must pass a law dis-
qualifying every one who fought or was engaged in a,
cfuel, if the distance at vfrhich they fought exceeded
six feet. With, such a law there would not be one
d\tel where there were now fifty. It was the inequal-
ity what existed between men in the use of fire arms,
and the supposed superiority of one man overanother,
that led to those results; but if they would adopt a
system which would break down the inequalities
and make all equal, a man would pause before he
would expose himself to the almost certain result of
losing his life in a controversy of such a character.
There was no doubt that thjat would be an effect of the
system which he suggested, and it would'do more
to corr-ectthe evil than any other thing that Con-
gress could do. Pass such a law; make it punisha-
ble to fight at a greater distance than six feet, and
thereby assume it to be dishonorable to fight at
a greater distance, and he could assure the:
House there would be none, or very few, duels—
there would be none but in cases which involved
the reputation of a man forever if he did not vindi-
cate his honor. In such cases there might be duels,
but there would be none for light and trivual causes.
Well, then, as no good was to result from the
adoption of this resolution, he hoped it would not
be adopted. What we're they called upon to do?
Why, to appoint a committee to investigate the cir-
cumstances of a case which the National Intelligen-
cer said occurred a few days ago. Suppose it were
carried out, and they expelled a member of this
House for dueling: did they suppose there was a
single district in this Union that would not send
back such expelled member by an overwhelming
majority? The people would scorn their pragmati-
cal interference. If he were one of the gentlemen
that rumor said were engaged in a duel, and the
House were to expel him, he should scorn and spit
upon their act, and come back with an increased,
majority; and thereby show them that the people*
of his district, at least, would be governed in mat-
ters of that sort as they pleased, and be representedi
byAvhoni they pleased. tnerefore hoped tha
resolution would not be passed, but that it would b®
laiu on the tal le.
Mr. HAMLIN obtained the floor, but yielded foi?
this purpose to - ^
Mr. MOUSE, who offered the following amend**
ment to the amendment:
Resolved, That the said committee be authorized to in.'
quire whether any of the members of this. House have vio
lated any of the laws of the decalogue, or of th#  ten com
mandments, within the District ot Columbia, or in any of
the States; and that the} be authoiized to send for persons!
and papers: and if they shall find any of the members h< r«r
guilty of a violation of any of these laws or command
ments, or ot having left this District with an intention of s<8
violating them, that they be required to bring in a resolu,,
tion to expel all such members. .
Mr. HAMLIN resumed. The gentleman (h
said) had asked what was the object of this resAu
tion. Its object and design were manifest, a$d h$
hoped the resolution would receive the favorably
