146
CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
action of this body. He hoped it would be referred
to a committee,who would report in accordance with
the terms there laid.down; and, from the manner in
•which this debate~had already been conducted, he
•was themore satisfied of the propriety of action by
this body on this matter. It was truly suggested
by .the gentleman who presented this resolution,
that it, was a time when the atmosphere was calm
• on this matter, and when a fair, dispassionate inves-
tigation could be made, and an opinion expressed,
which accorded not only with the will of this body,
but of the great body of a free people.
■ - He was in favor of the proposition. The gentle-
man from North Carolina [Mr. Rayner] asked by
■What authority they undertook in any manner to
interfere in this matter. He answered, by the high-
est and most sacred law of the land—by theconsti-
tntion of the country. It was on the authority of
the constitution, and by its sacred provisions, that
they asked an investigation by this body of this
matter. In article 1, 6th section, last clause of that
instrument, it was provided that, "for any speech or
debate in either House, they (senators or represent-
atives) shall not be questioned in any other place,"
Did that proviso dwarf itself down to a miserable
one of individuality? No; it was an cegis as broad
as this hall, and as extensive as this republic. When
the privilege of debate was infringed upon, it was a
matter which came home to every man in this as-
sembly. It was not a provision that attached to the
individual alone by whom the debate might be
made. That was too close, too narrow, a view of
the constitution to meet this case.
The gentleman asked by what authority- they
proposed to proceed? Again he plaated himself on
the constitution as the platform and basis of their
action. The constitution said "each House may de-
termine the rules of its proceedings, punish its
members for disorderly behavior, and, with the con-
currence of two-thirds, expel a member." What
cared he whether there was a miserable rule drawn
out on" this matter? The common law, incident to
the power they exercised under that clause of the
constitution, overrode all mere rules; and were they
to be told that should an individual rise in his place
and commit; a cool and deliberate murder of a mem-
ber of this House, they had no words drawn
out into a law to meet the exigency?
Mr. PAYNE. That would be a violation of the
privileges of the House.
Mr. HAMLIN continued. That would be a
violation of the privileges of the House, the gen-
tleman from Alabama said. That very decalogue
■which was mentioned in the amendment of the gen-
tleman _from Louisiana told them that idolatry
might be committed as plainly in the heart as in the
overt act. Now, if he understood the provisions of
the constitution, they had the clear, undoubted sanc-
tion to exercise whatever powers might be in accord-
ance with the rights of individual members, and
which should comport with that breach of privilege
which might havelieen committed.
Again; the gentleman from North . Carolina re-
marked, that before any man could be expelled
from his seat in this House, he must have been
guilty of some immoral act. Let him tell the gen-
tleman from North Carolina that there was a
section of this Union where there was to be found a
class of men so close and casuistical, that they
solemely believed, when any man attempted delib-
erately to take the life of another, that there was
some immorality in the act.
Mr. RAYNER (Mr. H. yielding the floor) was
understood to say, in explanation, that he had not
said this was not an immoral act. He was as much
opposed to dueling as the gentleman was; but he
had said that it was not an act of immorality which
would constitute a member an unfit associate for his
brother represe itatives on this floor.
Mr. HAMLIN continued. He accepted the gen-
tleman's explanation. He had not heard the latter
part of the gentleman's remark; but he was obliged
to confess it took a nicer casuist than he was to draw
a distinction between the language he had attributed
to the gentleman, and the language which he himself
now avowed. He asked if there was no immorali-
ty in that act. The gentleman himself admitted the
fact. Then he asked if it was not such an act of
immorality which justified—nay, demanded—the
'expulsion of any man from this floor who would
deliberately perform that act?
But the gentleman', while he admitted that it was
a$ immoral act, remarked again that it was an im-
moqjl act of that degree of turpitude which would jus-
tify the expulsion of a member. He hardly knew what
the gentleman's notions of a moral course of conduct
were. The gentleman spoke of a class of gentlemen
on this floor who, stimulated by fanatics at home,
might ask an investigation into this matter. To
whom did the gentleman allude when he character-
ized gentlemen as representing a class of fanatics?
Did they come from "the sunny South?" He stood
up for the North, and he said this charge would not lie
at the door of northern gentlemen on this floor. He
spoke with some feeling on this subject, and he re-
membered well, too, when a favored son of the State
he had the honor in part to represent, was sent to his
long and narrow home, and a wife and infant child,
who had never gazed on its father's face, were left
to mourn sadly over th6 fate of that man who should
have been to them a husband and a father, through
weal and through wo. He remembered that peri-
od when a degree of excitement pervaded the whole
State from which he came; and they were told that
a man could not stand up here, under the reproach-
es which were poured on his head, if he did not
stand up, alike defying the laws of God and man,
and attempt to pour out the blood of humanity. It
was time, it was the day and the hour, for this
republic to speak out in tones that should echo
across its vast domain; it was time to set here an
example of moral courage and moral rectitude, of
which the American people shouldsay "well done."
Why, we are to avoid this system of honor
by placing men at six feet distance. Such was
the suggestion of a friend. He liadnodoubt but
the gentleman was right to a great extent. He
had no idea, unless there was a belief of some pecu-
liar advantage, or some additional hope prevailing
in one mind or the other, that these affairs of honor
would be much less frequent than they were at pres-
ent. My opinion is, if it were known really and
distinctly that no man should hold a seat in these
halls who would be engaged in one of these transac-
tions of "honor," which worked a violation of one
of the greatest and most sacred blessings secured
them by the constitution, then they would find men
equally adverse and equally ready to frown down
anything of this kind, as they were now to approve
of and to practise it.
Pass a law to this effect, the gentleman says. I
would be very glad (said Mr. H.) to give my affirm-
ative to such a law as that; but while the law had
not an existence, they had a constitution on which
they based their acts.
The gentleman from Alabama [Mr. Payne] said
they had no evidence that such an affair of honor
had taken place. The resolution proposed to in-
quire into the truth of the rumors, and it meditated
no action unless the rumors were clearly proved
true.
The gentleman said that they had no law in this
matter; and, in reference to the law of 1839, said that
the matter (if any cognizance were to be taken of it)
had passed over to the courts of the District of Co-
lumbia. They all knew that this House exercised
no judicial functions. They did not ask to exercise
any on this occasion; whatever might be the penal-
ties of the law, they had nothing to do with them;
but they had the right to protect not only the free-
dom of debate here, but to assert the privileges in-
fringed upon in this body or otherwise. Let them
investigate this matter faithfully, thoroughly; and,
from the evidence resulting from the investigation,
letthemactas became themselves, as became the
great institutions bequeathed to them; let them see
if there were moral influences here, and let them hurl
back the rebukes which they received, and show
that they were not here the representatives of a set
of fanatics.
Mr. CAUSIN said he thought an ill-natured
man—one who was willing to put a harsh construc-
tion on conduct—might suppose that the gentle-
man in making this motion had been stimulated by
a degree of not very laudable cuiiosity to ascertain
distinctly the particulars of circumstances that had,
in some measure, been hidden from the public
view. He had been utterly astonished, on coming
to the House this morning, to learn that two or
three days after the meeting was rumored to have
taken place, and to have been satisfactorily ter-
minated without involving any cause of mourning—
that the gentleman, at this time of the session, had
seen fit to propose to the House an investigation
of this character. Now he appealed to every man
here desirous of faithfully performing his du-
ties to the constitution and the country, whether, if
this resolution were actually within the power of
the House to act upon it, there was not an absence
of any cause for it? It came from those who were
professedly the censors of public and private mor-
als—from those who proposed peace to men, when
at the same time they were in the habit of ap-
plying goads and stimulants who rroduced anything
but peace. Now, if gentlemen wished to correct the
evil, let them go to the source, and not attempt to
dam up the stream; let it be prohibited by the rules;
let any man be liable to be called to order for say ing
anything calculated to produce disorder.
Muoh had been said about dueling, and he knew
there was a public opinion at the South, and at the
North; and without intending philosophically or
logically to discuss this, question, he asked gen-
tlemen whether the, expected in this manner,
by this brutum fulmen, to deter men from
that course of conduct, when the fear of Grid and
the risk of their own lives would not deter them
from it. Now, he did not intend to run counter to
pnblic opinion on this subject; but he looked on
these single-combat meetings—he had looked upon
them always, and he should look upon them until
he was more enlightened than he was at present—
as one of those stern necessities of society that could
not be dispensed with. They must have one means
of redress which the tardy arm of the law did not
afford; if they did away with this, they must sub-
stitute another system in lieu of it—they must con-
vert Americans into Italians, and have stilettoes and
assassinations in their place. But enough of this.
What was the resolution? It was a proposition
to inquire whether t vo gentlemen had fought a
duel. Where? In the District of Columbia? No;
it was illimitable; it extended over all the States of
this Union; and wherever it was fought there they
were to lay their hands upon those concerned in it.
Where did they get their power for this? The gen-
tleman from Maine said it was found in thai clause
of the constitution which provided that no man, for
words spoken here, should be questioned elsewhere.
Mr. HAMLIN (Mr. C. yielding the floor) ex-
plained that it was not this clause, but that which
authorized them, by a vote of two-thirds, to expel
members for disorderly proceedings, under which
he found his power to expel members for cases like
this.
Mr. CAUSIN continued. His remarks would
apply equally to either of these clause,s of the con-
stitution. One of the privileges with which mem-
bers were invested here was that of speaking out
fully and freely the will of our constituents. In
debate it frequently becomes necessary to utter
words which, if uttered in their individual capacity,
would subject them to the action of the law; and this
provision of the constitution, that they should not
be questioned elsewhere for words spoken in de-
bate, operated to release them from this legal re-
sponsibility, and nothing else.
You have (said Mr. C.) the right to preserve or-
der; but where? Are you the civil police of the
State of Maryland? or are you the civil police of
Washington city? are you the auxiliary guard
around the walls of this Capitol? [A member was
heard to answer yes.] Then (said Mr. C.) the
gentleman has a very arduous and thankless office,
and one-that few members of the House would envy
him the possession of. You (said Mr. C.) as Speak-
er of the House, ha\e a right to keep order while the
members are here in their representative capacity,
acting as legislators under your control; you have
the right to enforce the rules of order; but descend
from your chair, strip yourself of the character of
Speaker of this House, and if a quarrel ensues be-
tween you and one of the members, it will puzzle you
to control him. Mr. C. concluded by moving to lay
the whole subject on the table. Gentlemen, he said,
had done enough to vindicate themselves from the
charge of sanctioning the practice of dueling. Their
names would appear in the journal and in*tlie pub-
lic papers as men anxious to put down this thing,
and it was now time for it to rest.
Mr. C., at the request of Mr. McDowell, with-
drew his motion to allow him an opportunity of ex-
planation.
Mr. McDOWELL observed that he was as anx-
ious as any gentleman in that House to preserve its
dignity and its order; but before he acted on this
matter, he wished to be satisfied that the action
contemplated was the proper one on this occa-
sion. He had listened to the remarks of the
gentleman who had quoted that clause of the
constitution providing that members should not
be questioned for words used in debate; but
he had always looked upon that clause as de-
claratory, and" that it was the duty of the House to
pass a law to carry it into effect. He was op '
