150
CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
a*d he had refused to do so. He understood
it was the duty of the Committee on Accounts to
examine the accounts of every officer; and when
thoee officers were summoned to appear before
the committee to give explanations, it was their du-
ty, to come and answer. He (Mr. H.) considered
that the whole facts were as plainly and properly be-
fore the House as if the clerk were now there. If
erery dollar were returned, it was clear that the man
was not fit to be clerk of that House, and it was
their duty to turn him out, and not permit him to
have another opportunity to steal the public money.
He thought the right way was for the House to act
now; they would but be doing what was due from
them by acting promptly. It had been asked what
Was to be done with the clerk when he was arrested,
and he replied that they could do as they did last
session when a man was arrested by the sergeant-
at-arms. [Moore, for shooting the police officer.]
After keeping him some time, while the examina-
tion was in progress, they directed the sergeant-at-
armsto turn him over to the civil authorities. And
they could direct the sergeant-at-arms to turn over
this clerk to the civil authorities to be tried for em-
bezzling the public moneys.
Mr. ADAMS contended that the clerk should be
heard before the House came to any conclusion,
and that they should not pass a vote of censure on
any man without giving him an opportunity to be
heard.
Mr. HUNGERFORD said this subject did not
appear to be understood; and, with the permission
of tJ e House, he would make a short statement, in
addition to the report of the committee. Some few
weeks since, the clerk made a report of the contin-
gent fund of the House, and it was ordered to be
printed; but, some time after, the committee called
on the clerk of the clerk to know why it had not
not been printed, and they were told that it was de-
tained in the clerk's desk, he having withheld it,
and that it was then there. The committee cited
him, then, very mildly, to return to them an account
of the moneys received, the amount expended, and
the balance on hand; to which ho made a reply that
be could not then do it, but that it would be done by
the middle of the month. They afterwards sum-
moned him to appear before them, and then pe-
remptorily called upon him to produce his books
and vouchers; but he did not come. They sum-
moned him again to appear on a later day, and he
still neglected to comt; and then the committee came
to the conclusion to report the facts to the House;
and that report would have been made yesterday,
but for the earnest solicitation of one of the clerk's
sureties.
. Mr. WELLER said he understood that, when
the first notice was given to Mr. McNulty, the
committee wished to examine his accounts, and he
answered that he could not render a satisfactory ac-
count until hisfpay clerk [Mr. Kershaw] returned.
If the gentleman from New York [Mr. Hunger-
ford,] had stated that fact, he would |have saved
him (Mr. Weller) the trouble of doing it. Mr.
Kershaw was his confidential pay clerk, and had
charge of the contingent fund, on whose return to
the city the committee was informed the account
would be rendered. But they then addressed Mr.
McNulty another letter to appear before them on
the 15th instant; and he (Mr. W.) understood that,
on the morning of the 16th, Mr. McNulty called
upon a colleague of his to go with him before the
committee, to answer that letter. He was told that
the 15th had passed, and that it was too late; and
then he became so embarrassed that he knew not
what to do.
The House had issued its order to the sergeant-at-
arms to arrest Mr. McNulty. They had done so,
that he might answer the prima facie case of the
Committee on Accounts, who had made a report
based on rumor, and a partial examination of some
papers, from which they made out Mr. McNulty to
be a defaulter. Now, he asked, if common jus-
tice did not require that Mr. McNulty should come
into this House and answer that prima facie case.
But pass that resolution dismissing Mr. Mc-
Nulty, as the clerk of the House, and he
aslnd then by what authority their sergeant-al-
arms would bring him here. They would have
ijo power over him; the moment he ceased to he
an officer of the House. The sergeant-at-arms
would not bring the clerk of the House, but the
individual, Caleb J McNulty. What then did they
propose to do? Suppose he presented a fair state-
ments of the transaction, and that not one dollar of
the money was lost or misapplied, what would be
the consequences to Mr. McNulty? They would
have stricken him down—they would have taken
from him his reputation, thoueh he might have it
in his power to give a satisfactory account of the
whole. And was it just to do that, and to remove
him from his office, and then ask him if he
could rebut the accusation? If the clerk had this
money on deposite, he thought the House should
ascertain the fact, and not act thus summarily. If
he had an explanation, he was sure the House
would be glad to hear it, and to give him an opportu-
nity to come here and say that the money had been
alwa> s under his control as the clerk of the House.
Mr. BELSER wished to inquire of the Committee
on Accounts, how it was that an officer of the
House, giving security only for $20,000, could
draw $200,000 and upwards? It appeared to him
that this called aloud for more legislation on the sub-
ject to prevent the recurrence of such an act.
Mr. TAYLOR replied that the committee had
had that under consideration. There was now no
law which authorized the clerk to draw the public
money from the treasury; and he was told that it
had been the custom to allow the disbursing officers
of the government to draw the amount for which
they gave bond; but it must be very evident that
such a usage is very embarrassing, and affords no
check on the officer. He (Mr. T.) had prepared a
resolution on the subject, but it was thought better
not to embarrass this matter with another.
Mr. J. STEWART, after a few observations,
moved the previous question; which was not second-
ed.
The SPEAKER then put the question on the mo-
tion to postpone until the sergeant-at-arms had made
his return to the warrant, and it was agreed to.
Mr. BRENGLE then called the attention of the
House to a bill which had come from the Senate, to
give the assent of the United States to an act of the
legislature of Virginia, and he moved that it be re-
ferred to the Committee of the Whole House on the
state of the Union, and that it be printed.
The SPEAKER said it was not in order to take
up the bill except by the general consent of the
House.
Objections were made.
Mr. HARALSON desired to present a petition
from members of the bar of Columbus, Georgia, in
relation to the printing and distribution of the re-
ports of the Supreme Court of the United States,
and to move its printing; and, objections being
made, he moved to suspend the rules for this pur-
pose.
The motion to suspend was rejected.
NATURALIZATION LAWS.
Mr. J. R. INGERSOLL asked leave to intro-
duce a bill, pursuant to notice, to amend the natur-
alization laws of the United States.
[Cries of "No, no," from various quarters.]
Objections being made, Mr. INGERSOLL was
about to move a suspension of the rules therefor, i
but the floor was awarded to j
V TEXAS. j
Mr. BRODHEAD, on whose motion the House j
resolved itself into a Committee of the Whole on ;
the state of the Union, (Mr. Hopkins in the chair,)
and resumed the consideration of the joint resolu-
tions, with the several amendments thereto, for the
annexation of Texas.
Mr. HAMMETT, who was entitled to the floor,
had but entered upon his remarks when he yielded
to
Mr. COLES, who informed the committee that
the serjeant-at-arms was. prepared to make a report.
With that view, he moved the committee rise.
The motion being agreed to, the committee rose
and reported progress.
CASE OF THE CLERK AGAIN.
The SPEAKER informed the House that the
warrant issued under his order had been returned by
the sergeant-at-arms. [Cries of "read the return."]
The Clerk read the return over the signature of
Newton Lane, sergeant-at-arms of the House, certi-
fying that, in conformity to the order of the House,
he had arrested the within named Caleb McNulty,
and now had him in custody.
Mr. STRONG moved that the sergeant-at-arms
be dim ted to produce Mr. McNulty at the bar.
Mr. WELLER remarked that this seemed a very
summary mode of proceeding. Mr. McNulty was
here, and he (Mr. W.) desired the opportunity of
showing him the charges made against him before
he was called to answer thereto. He knew not the
necessity of this hot haste; he was about to ask the
House to delay further proceeding fifteen or twenty
moments—at all events until he could have an op-
portunity of showing this paper [the report of the
Committee on Accounts] to Mr. McNulty.
Mr. PETTIT protested against the House ar-
resting any man on criminal charges. If he was a
prisoner, they should proceed as suggested by the
gentleman from New York, [Mr. Strong;] he
should be brought before the House, his indictment
made out, and he be required to say "guilty," or
not "guilty." There was an utter absurdity, an
utter ridiculousness was in their attempting to arrest
a criminal here. They had no such power.
Mr. SIMONS considered the resolution unneces-
sary, inasmuch as the sergeant-at-arms had alrea-
dy been ordered to bring before the House this indi-
vidual.
Mr. COBB moved to postpone the consideration
of the report of the committee for fifteen minutes, in
accordance with the suggestion of the gentleman
from Ohio, [Mr. Weller.J
The SPEAKER remarked that the report of the
committee was not taken up again, and that, by the
order of the House, Mr. McNulty would be brought
i before the bar of the House.
I Mr. DROMGOOLE suggested that the proper
proceeding would be for the House to proceed to
the consideration of the report of the committee, and
that the Speaker be directed to inform Mr. McNul-
ty, in the presence of the House, what was the mat-
ter pending before the House, with the intimation
that he would be permitted, in the presence of the
House, to make any explanation he might think
proper; and having made it, the House would then
proceed with its action upon the report.
After some conversation by Messrs. SAUNDERS
and THOMPSON as to the pending question before
the House,
! Mr. DROMGOOLE moved that Mr. McNulty be
informed of the proceedings of the House, and that
he be permitted to make his defence before the
House.
The question was taken, and the motion was
agreed to.
Mr. McNulty soon after entered the hall, accom-
panied by Mr. Weller and the sergeant-at-arms,
and took his accustomed seat at the clerk's table.
The SPEAKER thus addressed him:
Mr. McNulty. By the order of the House, I am
directed to stale to you, that you are required to ap-
pear before the House on sundry charges contained
in a report made by the Committee on Accounts
this morning; and the House will now hear what
you have to say in defence against these charges.
In order that you may be correctly informed of these
charges reported by the committee, they will now
be read to you.
Mr. WELLER desired to make a remark. He
had commenced the reading of the report to Mr.
McNulty; and the haste of the House had prevented
him from finishing it before Mr. McN. entered the
hall. Now, for the first time, he was to be informed
of the nature of these charges. Mr. W. had
no objection to the clerk reading them; but he hoped
there was still enough justice m this House to give
him (Mr. McN.) time, if he required it, and that he
would not be compelled to answer them the moment
they were read.
The report of the Committee on Accounts was
accordingly read by the acting clerk, (B. B.
French, esq.)
Mr. SAUNDERS offered a resolution directing
the "sergeant-at-rams to hold Caleb J. McNulty
until the further order of the House, but to allow
him an opportunity of retiring to such place as he
might desire, for the purpose of making such an-
swers as he should have to make to the charges
made against him in the report of the Committee on
Accounts.
Understanding that it was the request of Mr.
McNulty, through the gentleman froai Ohio, [Mr.
Weli.er,] to be allowed some time before making
his defence, Mr. S. said he had submitted this reso-
lution.
Mr. WELLER replied that he had had no inti-
mation of that kind from Mr. McNulty; he had
taken it for granted that he would want to read the
charges madf, against him; and while reading them
to him, he had been interrupted by the order of
the House, requiring Mr. McNulty to appear be-
fore the bar of the House. He was not authorized
to say that Mr. McNulty was not able to respond
at once to them.
The SPEAKER remarked that he wits informed
