154
CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
which was seconded, and the main question was or-
dered; and being taken, was decided in the affirma-
tive by a unanimous vote. "
Thus B. B. French, esq., first assistant clerk, and
ricfcr acting clerk, is elected clerk of the House of
Representatives for the unexpired term of the pres-
e'nt Congress.
v Mr; HQGE moved that the House adjourn.
"•Mr. SCHENCK made an unsuccessful appeal to
Mr. Hoge to withdraw the motion, to allow him to
offer a resolution granting the use of the hall to the
Colonization Society.
The House then adjourned to Monday, at 12
o'clock.
The following notices of petitions presented to-
day, were handed to the reporter by the members
presenting them:
By Mr.KOBINSON: The petition of 0. H. Whitney, Starr
Clark, Levi Downing, and one hundred and eleven other
citizens of the town of Mexico, county of Oswego, and State
of New York, praying for the abolition of slavery and the
slave trade of the District of Columbia and in the Territory
of Florida.
By Mr. WENTWORTH: The petition of Myrom Whip-
pie, and others, of Aurora, Kane county, Illinois, for the
reoccupation of Oregon: referred to the Committee on
Territories.
By Mr. DUNLAP: The two petitions of the inhabitants
of Cumberland coanty, in the State of Maine, praying lor
the abolishment of spirit rations in tho United States
uavy.
By Mr. HALE: The petition of Ebenezer L. Chapman,
and.76 others, citizens of Newmarket, New Hampshire, for
the abolition of slavery in the District of Columbia and the
Territories: referred to the Committee for the District of
Columbia. Remonstrance of Ebenezer L. Chapman, and 73
others, citizens of Newmarket, New Hampshire, against the
annexation of Texas: referred to the Committee on Foreign
Affairs. Remonstrance of Joseph B. Wiggin, and 62 others,
citizens of Warner, New Hampshire, against the annexation
of Texas: referred to the Committee on Foreign Affairs.
Remonstrance of T. H. Miller, and 86 others, citizens of
Portsmouth, New Hampshire, against the annexation of
Texas: referred to the Committee on Foreign Afl'dirs. The
petition of T. H. Miller, and 89 others, citizens of Ports-
mouth, New Hampshire, praying Congress to abolish slave-
ry in the District oi Columbia, and Territories: referred to
the Committee for the District of Columbia. The petition of
Jonathan W. Smith, and A3 others, citizens of Milton, New
Hampshire, for a reduction of postage: referred to the Com-
mittee on the Post Office and Post Roads. The petition of
Jbseph B. Wiggin, and 41 others, ot Warner, New Hamp-
shire, praying that Congress would abolish slavery in the
District of Columbia and the Territories: referred to the
Committee for the District of Columbia. Remonstiance oi
Jonathan W.Smith, and 12 others, citizens of Mi!ton, New
Hampshire, against the annexation of Texas: referred to the
Committee on Foreign Aft airs.
By Mr. LYON: Two petitions from the" citizens of
Centreville, Michigan, praying Congress to reduce the rates
ot postage to &. uniform rate of two cents for each single let-
ter,not exceeding half an ounce in weight.
By Mr. HOGE: The petition of A Smith, C G Taylor,
and-77 others, citizens of the State of Illinois, praying the
establishment of a mail route from Peoria to Galena, in said
State of Illinois, via, Mt. Ilawly, Wyoming, Toulon, Weath-
ersfield, Genneseo, Portland, Prophetstown, Lyndon, Union
Grove, Dyton, and Savannah: referred to the Committee
of the Whole on the state of the Union.
By Mr. BARRINGER: The petition of John O'Farral, S.
J. Erwin, and 120 other citizens of North Carolina, for an
appropriation to rebuild the Branch Mint at Chaiiotte, North
Carolina.
By Mr. A. STEWART: The petition and documents of
Robert Dinsmore, claiming a pension: referred to the
Committee on Invalid Pensions.
By,Mr, J. STEWART: The petition of 158 inhabitants of
Prospect, in New Haven county. Connecticut, against the
annexation of Texas: referred to the Committee on Foreign
Alfalrs.
■ By Mr. MOSELEY: Two several petitions from the citi-
zens of Buffalo, New York, for an appropriation to complete
the "harbor, and erect a light-house at the mouth of the Cat-
taraugus creek on Lake Erie. Petition of Peter Caviller of
Buffalo, New York, for an invaild pension.
-By Mr. DAWSON: The petition of citizens of Louisiana
for a post route from Morganza, on the river Mississippi,
to the Opelousas, &c.
By Mr. ROBINSON: The petition of William Lailes.jr.,
and others, of Oswego, N. Y., praying for an appropriation
for the construction of a liaiboi at Eighteen-mile Creek, m
the county of Niagara, N. Y; which was reierred to the
Committee on Commerce.
By Mr. T1LDEN: The memorial of YanR. Humphry, and
sundry other citizens of Hudson, Ohio, praying lor a divi-
sion of the State of Ohio into a northern and southern dis-
trict for the federal courts: referred to the Committee on the
Judiciary. The memorial of Cyrus A. Stowell, and other
citizens Of Streetsborough, Portage county, Ohio, remon-
strating against the annexation oT Texas to the Union upon
any'terms that shall permit the existence of slavery therein,
or which Will allow it, when admitted, a property representa-
tion in Congress: referred to the Committee on Foreign
Affairs. The petition of Franklin B. Hough, and others,
citizens of-Gustavus, Trumbull county, Ohio, praying a
uniform rate of postage of two cents "on all letters, not ex-
ceeding'half an ounce in weight, to any place within the
United States; and also for the abolition of the franking
privilege: referred to the Committee on the Post Office and
Post Roads. The petition of Ethan Ailing, and sundry
other citizens of Twinsburgh, Portage county, Ohio, pray-
itfgfgr, a mail rout? frprn;"Washington," Pennsylvania, to
Cleveland; Ohio: referred tu the Committee on the Post
Office and Post Roads.
By Mr. NORRIS: The petition of John Chamberlain, ask-
ing a pension on account of wounds received in the battle
of Chippewa, during the late war-with GreatBritaia.
By Mr. DILLINGHAM: The petition of L. H. Noys, and
75 others, praying for a new fnail route from Hydepark to
West Berkshire, Vermont: referred to the Committee on
the Post Office and Post Roads. The petition ot B. Darling,
and others, of Sterling, Vermont, praying for a reduction
of postage: referred to the same committee. The petition
of B. Darling, and others, of Sterling. Vermont, against the
annexation ol Texas: referred to the Committee on Foreign
Affairs.
By Mr. CATLIN: The remonstrance of David Avery, and
104 others, citizens of Hampton, Connecticut, against the
annexation of Texas to this Unidn: referred to the Commit-
tee on Foreign Affairs.
By Mr. STILES: The memorial of the "Savannah Cham-
ber of Commerce," praying an appropriation by Congress
forthe construction of custom-house buildings in Savannah,
Georgia, and for other purposes: referred to the Committee
on Commerce.
By Mr. TYLER: The memorial of William Shattuek, and
others, citizens of the county of Cattaraugus, New York,
in favor of-the right of petition, against the annexation of
Texas, in fuvor-of the abolition of slavery m the District of
Columbia and the Territories cf the United States, and for
the suppression of the African slave trade.
By Mr. THOMASSON- The petition of W. Fellows and
others, citizens of Kentucky, asking a grant of land in the
Vmcennes district, to complete the Erie and Wabash canal:
referred to the Committee of the Whole House on the state
of the Union, where the bill on that subjcctnow is.
By Mr. FOSTEF.: The petition of divers citizens of West-
ern Pennsylvania, prayingfor the reduction of the rates of
postage: referred to the Committee on the Post Office and
Post Roads.
By Mr. McCLELLAND: The petition of John Hutchins
of Adrian, Michigan, for conveyance of land equitably be-
longing to him. Also, remonstiance of George Hill and
others, of Washtenaw county, Michigan, against the annex-
ation of Texas with slavery, ko. Also, the petition of cap-
tains and shipowners on the lake for appropriations for har-
bors and light houses.
By Mr. ST. JOHN: The petition of Wiliard V. Way, and
24 citizens of Wood county, Ohio, asking the division of
the State into two judicial circuits: referred to the Commit-
tee on the Judiciary.
By Mr. NORRIS: The petition of John C. Moulton, and
167 others, praying that a post route may be established
from Gilford, by lake Village, Meredith Village, Holderness
Centre, and Holderness, to Plymouth, in the State of New
Hampshire.
By Mr. PHtKNJX: The petition of Mrs. Ann Mix, wife of
the late commander Mcrvin Mix, of the United States,
navy, for a;pension.
By Mr. HARPER: The resolutions of a meeting of sun-
dry citizens of Zanesville, Ohio, in favor of the annexation
of Texas, and the immediate occupation of the Territory
of Oregon: refened to the Committee of the Whole on the
state of the Union.
By Mr. E. J. MORRIS: The petition of Joel Zane and
others, citizens of Philadelphia, praying Congress to revise
the naturalization laws so as to prevent the frauds perpetrat-
ed under them, and to extend the time of probation to 21
years.
By Mr. REDING: The memorial of Dr. Lawson, Surgeon
General of the army: referred to the Committee on Public
Expenditures.
By Mr HERRICK: The petition of William Gocrch and
14 other citizens of Wells, m the State of Maine, for a light-
house at the entrance of Kennebec harbor in said State: re-
ferred to the Committee on Commerce.
By Mr. SHEPARD CARY: The petition of A. G. Hig-
gins and others, for allowance of fishing bounty: referred to
the Committee on Commerce.
By Mr. HENLEY: The petition of John B Wilson and
two hundred others, for the graduation and reduction of the
price of the public lands, which have been ten years or
longei in the market.
By Mr. FULLER: The petition of Byron Kingsbury, ad-
ministrator of Sirnon Spalding, deceased, piaymg Congress
to make provision for the adjustment and settlement of the
claim of said Simon Spalding for service's rendered duung
the war of the revolution: referred to the Committee On
Revolutionary Claims.
IN SENATE.
Monday, January 20, 1845.
Mr. EVANS presented the credentials of Hon.
John Fairfield, who is re-elected a United States
senator from the State of Maine for six years from
and after the 3d day of March next; which were
read, and ordered to be placed on file.
MISSOURI ON ANNEXATION.
Mr. BENTON presented the resolutions of the
general assembly of the State of Missouri in favor
of the annexation of Texas, and requested that they
might be read; which was done accordingly, in the
following words:
Rssolved by the general assembly of the Slate of Missouri,
1. That, in the opinion of this general assembly, the rean-
nexationof Texas to the United Statea is a great sational
measure, demanded by a large majority of the people of this
State, and that the safety and interests of both governments
require and riema'nd it at the earliest practicable period.
'2. That the republic of Texas is a free and independent
S&ate; and that she acquired her independence, and her ter-
ritory, in a manner which left no ;tam upon the honor of
her people.
3 That Texas has given to the world ample and sufficient
evidence of her disposition and ability to maintain her inde-
pendence, and the exalted station she has assumed among
the nations of the earth.
4. That the government of Texas has the indisputable
right to transfer, and the government of the United'-Stages
the right to accept, the territory of Texas, without, the,
sent of, and without giving any just cause of o"ftenc§£$#ny
otherpower: Provided. however, that the boundary be-
tween the annexed territory and Mexico is left open fu-
ture negotiation between the United States and-Mexico* .
5. That, m the opinion of this general assembly, a-grea
majority of the people of this State prefer that Texas shauld
be annexed to the United States without dividing her terri-
tory into slaveholding and ncm-slaveholding States 5 but leav-
ing that question to be settled by the people who now, or
may hereafter, occupy the territory that may be annexed.
6. That the people of Missouri regarded the annexation,
of Texas to the United States so essential to the interest®
of this State, and of the whole United States, that, lather
than fail m the consummation of this object, if it cannot be
effected in accordance with the principles set forth in the
above resolutions, they would consent to such reasonable
andjust compromise*, approximating as near as possible to
those principles as may be indispensably necessary to se-
cure the accomplishment of the measure, and preserve the
X>eace and harmony of the Union.
7. That our senators in Congress be instructed, and our
members of the Hou&e of Representatives b*> requested, to
use their be&t exertions in behalf of the annexation of Texas
to the United States, in conformity with the wishes of the
people of Missouri, as expressed in the above resolutions.
S. That the secietary of state is hereby required to for-
ward to each of our senators and representatives in Con-
gress a copy of these recolutions.
Mr. B. moved that the resolutions be printed, and
be referred to the Committee on Foreign Relatione;
and, before the vote was taken on his motion, he
proceeded to make some remarks in favor of the
resolutions and of the general assembly which had
passed them. They were drawn, he saifl,intheproper
spirit. The State of Missouri was more deeply inter-
ested in the annexation of Texas than any other State
in the Union, but was willing to agree to the com-
promises which the peace and harmony of the Union
required. This was patriotic and wise, and worthy
of the spirit in which the constitution was formed.
It was an example worthy to be followed by other
States. It was in conformity to the letter—paternal
and immortal it ought to be called—which General
Washington addressed to the States when he pre-
sented to them for their acceptance that sacred con-
stitution under which we now live. The father of
his country then declared that the spirit of compro-
mise had established the constitution—that there
could have been none if each State had insisted upon
having her own will. Thus the constitution was
formed: thus only could it be preserved; and he
(Mr. B.) was proud to see the young State of
Missouri breathing the spirit which Washington
recorrfrnended.
Mr. B. said the resolutions asserted the honor aad
justice of the Texian revolution—that it was com-
menced for just cause, and conducted with humani-
ty and honor—and that independence had been
gained without stain or reproach. It gave him
pleasure, he said, to sustain this assertion of the
general assembly of his State, not by a speech com-
posed for the occasion, but by referring to what he
had said years ago when the people of Texas were
but little known to Europe or the world, and when
a voice in their favor from the floor of the American
Senate was worth something more than any thing
that he could say now. He had then detailed the
causes of the revolt, and showed that no revolt was
ever more just and sacred, not even our own, to
which it bore a close resemblance. He had seen
no recent statement, much as he had seen re-
cently on the subject of Texas, which did justice
to the origin of the revolution: his own, made eight
years ago, was the most accurate that he had seen;
and, to do justice to the case, and to avoid making
a new speech out of an old one, he would now read
what he then said. It would be curious and in-
structive to see how rearly the causes of the Texian
revolt, and that of our own American colonies, were
the same.
Mr. B. then read from a speech he had delivered
in favor of acknowledging the independence of Tex-
as, in the month of July, 1836:
''Heartless is the calumny invented and propagated, no
from this fioor, but elsewhere, on the cause 01 the Texian
revolt. It is said to be a war for the extension of slavery I
it had as well be said that our own revolution was a war
for the extension of slavery. So far from it, that no revolt,
not even our own, ever had a more just and a more sacred
origin. The settlers m Texas went to live under the form
of government which they had left behind in the United
States, a government which extends so many guaranties for
life, liberty, property, and the pursuit of happiness, and
w hieh their American and English ancestors had vindicated
for ^o many hundred years. A succession of violent changes
in government, and the rapid oveithrow of rulers, an
noyed and distressed them 5 but they remnmed tranquil un-
der every violence which did not immediately bear on them-
selves. In 182-2 the republic of 1821 was superseded by the
imperial diadem of Iturbide. In 16^3 he was deposed and
banished, returned and was shot, and Victoria made Presi-
dent. Mentuno and Bravo disputed the presidency with
