CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
•t-B*.
■ By-annexing Texas, they would confer the great-
■ est|b!essing upon this land, that this-Congress would
ever again have the power to confer. It would se-
cure to our vast shipping interest the whole
coasting trade of this country, and to this extent
furnish a school for our navy, and prepare ourselves
better to raise up another set of gallant supports on
the.ocean.
'Even the manufacturers (said Mr. H.) that we
are supposed to be hostile to, will be benefited by
giving to them a market larger and better than those
of Louisiana and Mississippi put together, and they
will get their bounty of 90 per cent, arid 40 per cent.,
or whatever it is, for all their productions that will
be consumed throughoitt this vast extent of territo-
ry, which will be the best way (to use a cant phrase )
of supporting the American system. There was
■ not a single city in the Union that would be so much
benefited by the annexation of Texas as the city of
Pittsburgh, with all its abolitionism and all its whig-
ery/ Its manufactures would all go down the Mis-
sissippi, and, protected by a tariff of 40 per cent.,
would find their way into Texas and meet with
ready sales. So also would the flour, pork, and other
agricultu al productions of the West, find the best
and most valuable market in Texas, and well repay
the enterprise that transports them there.
The gentleman from Massachusetts [Mr. Win-
throp] had objected to the annexation of Texas on
another ground, which was that we could not ad-
mit Texas without a violation of the constitution,
because it was provided in that instrument that no
slaves should be imported into the country after
1808. It was a gieat pity that the gentleman did
not teach that doctrine to his colleague [Mr. A dims]
in 1819, when he negotiated the treaty for the intro-
duction of Florida with all her slaves into the Union.
In this case the instrument was framed by the col-
league of the gentleman, by which a number of
slaves were introduced into the Union. He left
these gentlemen to recoucle their contradictory
opinions if they could. The gentleman from Penn-
sylvania on his left,'~[Mr. J. R. Ingersoli.,] said
Said the other day that Texas was hardly worth
contending for, because it was a succession of
marshes, hammocks, tadpoles, terrapins, &c.
tjfow, another great gentleman, who was as much
opposed to Texas as the gentleman himself, took quite
the contrary ground; and these two great enemies to
Texas differed as widely on this subject as the gen-
tleman and himself. Lord Brougham, to whom he
alluded, said that this was a valuable and extensive
country, capable of producing all the tropical plants,
and abounding in agricultural resources. These two
great anti-Texas statesmen agreed in one thing on-
ly; that is, they were determined to oppose Texas
any how, though they differed so widely in their es-
timation of the value of the country. The gentle-
man told the committee (and he seemed to be much
amused by the idea) that Texas was a shadow.
Well, he never saw a brave man wield his sword so
valiantly against a shadow before. Another great
man [Mr. Clay] said that Texas was worse than a
shadow—that it. was a bubble which had burst, and,
in dotng so, had hurt no man but Mr. Van Buren.
But (said Mr. H.) we will show some gen-
tlemen that it is a bomb-shell that will shatter into
fragments every obstacle that stands in its way, and
bar the door of White House forever to any political;
aspirant who opposes it. Was it a shadow that'
had set the British cabinet in a ferment' Was'
it a shadow that set Mr. Van Buren aside and pro-
cured the nomination of another m his stead? Was
it a shadow that elected the Texas candidate to the
presidency?! The gentleman said that Mr. Van
Buren wasset aside for the want of confidence of
his party in him. This he emphatically denied.
There never was a man who stood higher in the af-
fections of the democracy of this country than Mr.
Van Buren, and there never was a man in whose in-
telligence, patriotism, and purity of life they placed
a greater confidence. There never was a man in
his State (Mississippi) that stood so high m the
confidence of her citizens, for they had voted for
him for twelve years, and would have continued to
vote for him if it had not been for his unfortunate
letter on the subject of Texas. It was Texas and
TeXas alone that deprived him of the nomination of
the democratic party. It was Texas that defeated
Mr. Clay, and Texas will defeat any man that con-
tinues to oppose it. It was a shadow that would
bring down the vengeance of a betrayed and insulted
people on the representatives who have disobeyed
their will, and compel them to abide^by the decision
they so solemnly and unequivocally made by their
approval of the Baltimore nomination*. But it was
worth -while to inquire who it was that opposed the
annexation? Why,- it was Lord Aberdeen and
Lord Brougham; and the gentleman said that Great
Britain objected to it, and threatened a foreign
war if the measure of annexation was accomplished.
Well, who else was opposed to it? Why, the raven
voice of abolition was raised against it; and a demo-
. cratic, representative from Ohio [Mr. Brinkebhoff]
t told the committee the other day what was in his
j heart on this subject. The gentleman said that
i Texas was not worth much in a military point of
Ii view, and that it was not necessary for the defence
of Louisiana, for that he and his countrymen-could
rush-down from Ohio and whip all creation. It was
time that General Jackson said that the acquisition
of Texas was necessary for the defence of New
Orleans; but the gentleman had set up his opinions
as higher authority in military matters. lie could,
however, forgive the gentleman for holding that
high estimate of his own military abilities; but he
never could pardon him for saying that General
Jackson had been made to say what he did in rela-
tion to this subject. What! General Jackson made
to say any thing that he did not know and believe?
Who ever made General Jackson say any thing but
God Almighty? Mr. H. was referring to the scand
taken on this question by the northern and western
States when the Chairman's mallet fell, reminding
him that his hour had expired.
Mr. HUDSON observed that if he had been suc-
cessful in obtaining the floor some four or five days
ago, he might have offered something more worthy
of the attention of the committee than anything he
would be able to offer now. He confessed that the
brief which he made a fortnight ago had been most
wofully dissected by the gentlemen who had gone
before him, almost every point in it having been
touched on by some of them, and several having
been so fully elucidated that he deemed it unneces-
sary again to refer to them. He should, therefore,
be under the necessity of following in the footsteps
of his illustrious predecessors.
He confessed that he had been surprised at the
course this debate had taken from its commence-
ment till now. What had been its usual course?
If a subject, even of minor importance, was
brought in for the consideration of the House, it
was always expected that the committee who intro-
duced it would put the House in possession of all
the facts connected with it. If the subject was
new, and if important, he never knew an instance
in which the committee who reported it had not laid
all its details before the House. Such was their
usual mode of conducting business. What was
the coursie pursued by the Committee of Ways and
Means, at the last session,when they brought in their
bill for the revision of the tariff? Why, they laid be-
fore the House a voluminous report, giving in detail
their reasons for bringing forward that measure.
Such, also, was the course they took when they in-
troduced the independent treasury bill. Suppose
the Committee of Foreign Affairs were to bring for-
ward a bill to declare war with England: would it
not be considered very extraordinary if they were
not to accompany it with a report giving their rea-
sons for recommertding such a measure? But on
this measure—the accomplishment of which might
involve the nation in war; which might involve the
nation in a large debt, and produce so much dissat-
isfaction among a large portion of the people as to
bring about a dissolu tion of the Union—what course
had the Committee of Foreign Affairs taken?
Did they bring forward a report showing the ad-
vantages that would result from this measure, and
the necessity or expediency of its adoption? No.
The chairman of the committee, [Mr. C. J. Ixger-
soj.i.,] who reported the bill, told the House in ad-
vance, that he should offer no arguments in support
of the measure until it was assailed, hut leave it to
those who opposed it to show the reasons why it
should not pass. He had intimated, t.o be sure, that
that there was a necessity for its adoption; he ap-
pealed to the law which alv/rys governs tyrants—
that of necessity; and he also attempted to show that
it was constitutional, but he went no further. But
sunpose the gentleman had succeeded in showing
that the measure was constitutional: did it follow, as
a matter of course, that it should be adopted? that
Congress should do al! that it had the power of do-
ing? Had the friends of the measure said anything
of its expediency?
Instead of saying any thing in favor of the annexa-
tion of Texas, the gentleman from Alabama [Mr.
Yancey] seemed desirous of getting up a quarrel
against Massachusetts, as if she was the only, op-
ponent to annexation. He should n,ot -<! tef into
that quarrel, nor attempt to defend Massachusetts.
There she is, (said Mr. H.,) and I am willing ■
compare her with the State the gentleman repre-
sents. L am willing that they should be set' side
by side, and to compare Massachusetts, with h^r
literary institutions, her churches, her morals, and
her manufactories, with the peculiar institutions of
the South. But the* gentleman had alluded to the
penurious character of the people of Massachusetts,
and hinted that they pursue nothing but filthy lucre.
If the people of the New England States were to
be charged with being wealthy, it might be ap-
swered that there wealth was the fruit of their own
labor, and not the fmit of labor extorted from an
enslaved race, by the lash of the task-master. Ijn
reference to the remarks about filthy lucre, which
were heard so often on that floor, he thought they
might be happily illustrated by an anecdote which
he would beg leave to recount. A friend of his, a
member of Congress from the north, went into a tai-
lor's shop in Washington, and inquired the prira
of a suit of clothes; and, on being told by the tailor
what it was, said that it was too much; but that if
he would take a-lower price, which he named, he
would give it. The tailor assented, and the bar-
gain was concluded, -when a sprig of chivalry
from the South, who happened to' be ' pres-
ent, observed—"I knew you' were from the
the North, by your knack at making bargains.'You
northern men have a way of beating trades people
down. We of the South never do it." "Ay," said
the northern man, "we generally pay for an article
when we buy it." The gentleman also alluded to
some resolutions that had been adopted in Massa-
chusetts, and some paragraphs that appeared in the
newspapers of that State, hostile toj the Union.
Well, he agreed that there were some people in the
North who were hostile to the Union; but there
they had freedom of speech and freedom of the
press, and no Judge Lynchj to repress the senti-
ments of the people. Hc| had seen resolutions of
that kind in Massachusetts, but there had been reso-
lutions passed in New York and Pennsylvania,
of the same nature, which were much stronger.
There were also some fanatics in Massachusetts—
as the gentleman said. He was "no apologist for
them. He was not indebted to them for his seat on
that floor, for it was well known that the election of
the whole of the delegation of Massachusetts was
opposed by,them; but these fanatics had the apology
ta make, that their conduct was occasioned by their
love of freedom. But what had there been in New
England half so extravagant as the resolutions that
had been passed on this very subject in the South?
f;Ie all*ded to the correspondence of the late Mr.
Upshur and Mr. Calhoun, Secretary of State, to
show that this question was intended to tend to the
dissolution of the Uuion. Their correspondence
was much stronger in that respect than any of the
resolutions which had been passed by the fanatics
of the North, as they were called. Mr. Upshur had
treated it as endangering the possession of their
slaves, if Texas were free, and that they ought not to
submit to it. They were to invade" Texas to re-
claim their property, knowing, it would be a direct
violation of the constitution, and of all law, and
that it would tend to a dissolution of the Union.
The honorable gentleman caused to be read at'the
clerk's desk a resolution adopted at Nashville in
Tennessee, which contained the same sentiment. It
set forth that Texas was more important to them
than a longer connection with the East; and if either
must be yielded, it should not be Texas.
JBe also spoke of the contemplated convening of a
convention of southern States at Nashville, to con-
sider this question of annexation; and after some
few other observations, ha called the attention of the
committee to a few of the reasons which had been
urged in favor of the annexation of Texas. They
were told of its gieat commercial advantages to the
North. And what, he would ask, was its commerce?
Why Texas had not a very large seacoast; and on
that coast she had but one port of any importance;
and that (Galveston) had only twelve feet of water—
not sufficient to admit even a frigate. There were,
he believed, other ports laid down on the map, but
they had but four or six feet of water; and yet they
were told that they must admit Texas, that north-
ern shipping might be there fully employed. And
what were the imports of Texas? What was the
amazing commerce of which they heard so much?
Why, 3ie imports into Texas in the last year of
produce and meichandise amounted to $495,001);
