160
CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
about half a million of merchandise was brought
into the only port of Texas. It was perfectly ridic*
Ulous to afgue that Texas should be annexed that
the shipping of the North might all be employed in
commerce like that. But what was the population
of Texas, which was not only to give employment
to" the shipping, but to the manufacturers of the
North? Why, by a message sent to Congress by the
President of the United States, it was represented to
amount to 140,000 people, all told; of whom 23,000
or 24,000 were slaves, whereby the free population
were reduced to about 117,000—a population about
as large as some three or four of the counties of
Massachusetts, excepting one, (Middlesex,) which
had a population much larger; and this population,
scattered over the whole wilderness of Texas, was
to swallow up all the manufactures of the North.
But not only the amount, but the character of the
population forbade such an idea. Texas was a new
country, and new countries never consumed the
same amount of manufactured goods that older com-
munities did. B&t besides, the people of Texas
were poor, and its government was bankrupt; and
yet 117,000 of poverty stricken people were to fur-
nish a market for the commerce and manufactures
of the North. But Texas was to increase. Now,
if the North supplied the population of any portion
of the Union with manufactured goods, and that
portion of our people emigrated to Texas, how was
that to increase the demand for northern manufac-
tures? This argument, however, that the. manufac-
turers of the North would be benefited by annexa-
tion, was made by gentlemen who frequently de-
nounced the manufacturers as robbers and plunder-
ers of the South, and therefore any argument from
such quarters in favor of annexation, as a means of
furnishing those "robbers and plunderers" with a
market, would be received with a like distrust. In-
deed, in some quarters it had escaped that Texas
was to be annexed, that two or three new States
might send free trade and anti-tariff representatives
to this House and to the Senate, to break down the
protective policy in which the northern manufac-
turers lived, and moved, and had their being. He
next treated the subject with ridicule in respect to
the arguments that this country of Texas would
furnish a market for the agricultural produce of the
West, observing that, even if it were the prolific
country which it had been represented to be, it
would become a rival in the market with the West,
instead of supplying the West with a market.
But there was a military argument in favor of an-
nexation; and it was said that General Jackson, who
once defended New Orleans successfully without
Texas, had said that it could not be done again.
Now, he conceived if Great Britain, or any other
enemy, wished to take New Orleans, the great west-
em emporium, she could come within a few miles
of it with her shipping by sea, as in 1814; but if she
went to Texas, her shipping could not enter the
port of Galveston. She must, therefore, have a
great abundance of boats to land her troops; and
when they landed, where were they? They would
have before them a march through an unsettled
part of the country of 300 or 400 miles; to pass
through a wilderness without provisions but such
as they could carry. But suppose they got to Red
river: there they must resort to rafts to bring
them upon New Orleans, (near which they could
have got with their shipping without all this labo-
rious marching,) and then New Orleans was lost of
course! Could a more ridiculous argument be sub-
mitted to sensible men? It would be like making a
descent upon New York by landing at ??ova Scotia;
marching over the disputed territory, through the
northern partofNew York, along Lake Champlain,
and down the Hudson river.
.He then proceeded to notice some objections
which he had to annexation. It would be a viola-
tion of national faith. Texas embraced a territory
which was admittedly not within the limits ofTcx-
as; and its annexation to this Union must involve
us in war with Mexico. Gentlemen sneered at the
idea of war with Mexico; and yet the same gentle-
men argued for annexation, because General .Tack-
son had said that without Texas an army of 30,000
men could devastate a great part of the southwestern
part of this country. The gentleman from Penn-
sylvania [Mr. C. J. Ixgersoll] had treated a war
with Mexico as a trifling affair, inasmuch as money
—the sinews of war—could purchase our peace. Of
that, however, he would say that it was placing this
country in a most disgraceful attitude.
• It was a confession, in the first place, of a wrong
gB our part—an admission that we had torn from
Mexico a part of her possessions; that we violated
treaty stipulations by so doing. Now we were to
pay thejdebt of Texas beside. What that debt was,
no mortal knew; the treaty fixed it at ten millions,
and provided, in case it exceeded that amount, that
the commissioners should pay it pro rata—thus im-
plying that it would be very likely to exceed that
amount. In addition to this, the additional debt
growing out of the war with Mexico, or the money
which his friend (the chairman of the Committee on
Foreign Affairs) said was the sinew of war, which
we were to pay, according to that gentleman's prop-
rsition, for peace, would swell up the total amount;
that we must pay not only to ten millions, but to
two or three times ten millions of dollars.
He would not, in the limited time remaining, re-
fer to the constitutional question further than to
present one consideration to those who pro-
fessed to be state-rights men on this floor. In
their theory, our confederacy was a league among
States; ana he asked them whether it was
not a fixed principle of law, in cases of copart-
nership, that no new partner could be admitted into
the firm without the consent uf those who were its
members. If he wrote out his remarks, he would
give his further views on the constitutional question.
'.Although it was not freely admitted, still it must be
evident to all who were acquainted with the subject,
that the basis of this scheme was the extension and
strengthening of the system of slavery. Mr. Up-
shur, «nd Mr. Calhoun, his successor in the Depart-
ment of State, had both placed this subject on this
ground. He referred to the correspondence accom-
panying the treaty to show this fact. Thus they
were in reality called upon (he said) to come for-
ward and violate our national faith; to involve the
nation in war with a sister republic; to saddle her
with an enormous debt; to violate the constitution of
the United States, as many believed; and to sow the
seeds of discord throughout the whole Union, for
the purpose of rendering more permanent on land
what upon sea we had long since declared to be
piracy—viz: the slave trade.
But they were told that the-constitutional guaran-
ties for slavery required this annexation. He
would like to know whether the constitutional
guaranties were not as strong in favor of freedom as
of slavery. He argued that they had as.mueh pow-
er to turn South Carolina or Georgia out of the
Union, or to abolish slavery in the slave States un-
der the guaranties to freedom, as they had to annex
foreign territory to extend and perpetuate slavery.
But they of the North had no belief of this kind.
They did not believe that Congress was required to
annex Texas for this purpose; nor did they believe
that Congress possessed power to interfere with
slavery in the southern States. There was no in-
telligent man at the North but disclaimed holding
such a belief; they expressly disclaimed it.
The gentleman from South Carolina, who spoke
the other day, [Mr. Holmes,] for whom he had a
great respect, and who always was perfectly frank
on this subject, had told them directly and express-
ly that any southern man was a knave or a fool
who would consent to the annexation of that
vast territory unless with the express contract that
slavery should exist there. The moment they
wished to provide for the securing of freedom over
one-half that territory, and thus render significant
in one part of it the words "to extend the area of
freedom," they found that southern gentlemen
would unite as one man to vote down that proposi-
tion. Well, then, after all, (he said,) the issue be-
fore the country was no more nor less than whether
Texas should be admitted into the Union for the
purpose of perpetuating the institution of slavery.
Mr. H.'s remarks were here terminated by tne
expiration ofhis hour.
Mr. MARSII obtained the floor. The gentleman
who had just U,!ten liu seat (he said) had well re-
marked the extraordinary feature of the debate in
which they were engaged; that, ^ while they had
had abundance of argument—or ratlier apology for
argument—in defence of the constitutional power
to'annex a foreign State by legislation, the advo-
.cates of this measure had seemed reluctant m general
to enter into the question of expediency. He had
for some days hoped that some of the zealous friends
of annexation would give, thern the whole argument
on this point. ~j There v.~as obviously some strong
reason for urging this matter upon Congress, and for
this appeal from the Senate (under whose cogni-
zance the power existed, if it existed at all;) but un-
fortunately the declaration of that reason had not
been made.
Mr. M. referred to, and commented at some
length upon, Mr. Yancey's speech, which, Be said,
was a sample of the sort of argumentation which ap-
peared to be relied on as essential in constraining
the spirits of the South, who would otherwise be
disposed to emancipate themselves from the fetters
of sectional feeling. He also commented upon the
remarks of the Globe concerning thisfi|>eech, jpd
upon the conflicts thereof with the speech itself,'%s
well as upon the note or two that had appeared in the
papers of this city, explaining that the strictures
being made at the time of the expiration of Mr,
Yancey's hour did not apply to the whole North,
but to Massachusetts, r or the sake of that an-
cient Commonwealth, he said he lamented that the
gentleman had not taken out her balance, and let
them know how much Massachusetts was entitled
to for her revolutionary services, for the ingenuity
of her "degraded" sons (as they ha# been called in
this debate) in the manufacture of cottons, clocks,
dbc.; and more than this—perhaps for the sake of
having paid the South for the cotton which they had
obtained of her. She must be content, he supposed,
to sit low and wear sackcloth until a longer hour
should enable the gentleman to bestow upon her
such just commendation as in his impartiality he
should be disposed to give.
It had been assumed, with great apparent confi-
dence, he said, that the question of the admission of
Vermont was parallel with this of the proposed an-
nexation of Texas. There was not the smallest
analogy between the two cases. Mr. M. referred
to the facts that, by the treaty of 1783, which recog-
nised the independence and defined the limits of the
Union, we claimed, and Great Britain conceded, ju-
risdiction over Vermont; that we had never surrend-
ed that jurisdiction, &c.; and he traced down the
history of the negotiations and intercourse between
Vermont and the general government before, dur-
ing, and subsequent to, the revolutionary war, show-
ing that she had always recognised allegiance to
Congress or the Union, until finally, at the
same time, and in the same manner as Kentucky,
(Vermont having formed a part of New York, and
Kentucky a part of Virginia,) she was admitted
into the Union. He defend-.d her from the charges
of hostility to the Union, that had been made
against her from her negotiations with Great Bri-
tain for an armistice, and for her threats of seces-
sion, on the ground that it was a mere stratagem, to
keep the enemy at bay; and he said that this dexte-
rous negotiation, which by documents recently dis-
covered, it was demonstrated, and received the full
sanction of Washington, paralysed for three whole
campaigns the formidable force of an hostile army of
10,000 men, &c.
He did not agree with the gentleman from Ohio,
[Mr. Dean,] that the question of power was the
only question, for it was not self-evident to him, as
it was to the gendeman's more acute percentions,
that the enlargement of our territory was a blessing.
It might be burdened in such a manner as to be a
curse; and this very state of the case might exist
here. At any rate, the enusprobandi laid with tjie ad-
vocates of the measure. '
Mr. M. contended that the annexation of Texas
was not necessary in a military point of view.
That argument was too contemptible to have any
weight with any one having any military knowledge.
He "knew that General Jackson, on whose opinions
this argument was based, had a high military repu-
tation: but, though he was a brave man, and very
respectable as a tactician, he had no reputation as a
strategist. The argument that annexation would
tend to the ultimate extinction of slavery, and that
about the extension of the area of freedom, were en-
titled to as little weifj-.t. He also wont on to show
that annexation would in no way benefit the manu-
facturing interest of the North. There was one ar-
gument, however, that bad been advanced in the elo-
quent speech of the gentleman from South Carolina,
[Mr Holmes.] who was always eloquent and al-
ways ge-ntlemjnly, which was entitled to some con-
sideration; but this, he thought, could be readily an-
swered. The gentleman spoke of the danger to the
South of confining the black race, when their num-
bers shall have been greatly increased, within their
present limits. To tins he would answer, that the
annexation of Texas would be only putting off the
evil day, he apprehended, some twenty years long-
er, for the time would come when their numbers
will be so increased that there will be the same dan-
ser in confining them within the limits of Texas.
He would tell the gentleman that the North took a
different view of this question from what he dtdj
