CON&RESSIONAL C^LOBE,
PUBLISHED BY BLAIR AND RIVES, AT ONE DOLLAR PER SESSION, IN ADVANCE.
28th Cong 2d Sess.
WEDNESDAY, JANUARY 22, 1845.
Volume 14....No. 11.
[Continued from JVo. 10,]
4hey would say to the South, Emancipate your slaves,
ana remove the evils which threaten you, while it
is yet possible to do so.- Mr. M. then proceeded to
show that the immediate effects of annexation would
be the extension of slavery. The great question,
however, was nothing more nor less than a strug-
gle on the part of the South for political power.
The South wanted Texas to get four or five States
into the Union, to serve as a counterpoise to the
to the growing and preponderating strength of the
North. If this was an unmixed question of safety
on the part of the South, he should have more re-
spect for it; but viewing it is a questi«n of the ex-
tension of slavery, he must continue to oppose it.
The gentleman from Alabama [Mr. Yancey] put
the question on the ground of suprema lex, and ar-
gued that the annexation of Texas was necessary
to preserve the guaranties of the constitution. Mr.
M. here went into a historical review of the consti-
tution, to show what its guaranties were, con-
tending that institution of slavery was not com-
prehended in them.
He said he might show that annexation would be
an assumption of the debts of Texas; but he had no
time to go into that branch of the subject. After a
few other observations, he resumed his seat.
Mr. RHETT next obtained the floor, and moved
that the committee rise.
On this question tellers were called for; and
Messrs. Haralson and Jenks were appointed.
Theyjeported 70 in the affirmative and 31 in the
negative—no quorum voting.
The committee rose accordingly, and reported
that fact to the House.
POST-OFFICE BILL.
On motion of Mr. HARDIN, a bill reported from
the Committee on the Post Office and Post Roads
was recommitted for amendment.
The House then adjourned.
IN SENATE.
Tuesday, January 91, 1845.
The PRESIDENT pro tan. laid before the Senate
the credentials of the Hon. Daniel Sturgeon, re-
elected by the legislature of Pennsylvania, a senator
from that State for six years, from the 3d of March
next; also the credentials of Hon. John M. Clay-
ton, elected by the legislature of Delaware, a sen-
ator from that State for six years, from and after the
3d day of March next; which were severally read,
and ordered to be placod upon file.
Also laid before the Senate a series of communi-
cations from the Post Office Department, transmit-
ting, in reply to the resolution of the Senate of the
14th instant, information concerning the establish-
ment of private expresses between New York and
New Orleans: referred to the Committee on the
Post Office and Post Roads, and ordered to be print-
ed.
Mr. JARNAGIN moved that 1,500 copies addi-
tional be printed for the use of the Senate; which
molion was referred to the Committee on Printing.
Also a communication from the Treasury Depart-
ment, transmitting, m compliance with a resolution
of the Senate of the 14th instant, statements of the
Register of the Tieasury, showing the rates ad valo-
rem of the specific dutie s upon articles specified in
the annual report of the -Secretary of the Treasury;
which, on motion by I\Ir. WOODBURY, was or-
dered to be printed.
Also a communication from the Navy Depart-
ment, transmitting a report from the Commissioner
of Pensions, of lists of applications for naval pen-
sions during the past year, which were rejected.
Mr. BREESE presented resolutions of the legis-
lature of Illinois, instructing the senators and request-
ing the representatives from that State to use their
best exertions to procure the passage of a law au-
thorizing the relinquishment of school lands in that
State, found of no value, anil the selection of other
lands in lieu thereof: referred to the Committee on
Public Lands.
On motion by Mr. SEYIER, leave was granted
to withdraw from the files the petition and papers of
Benjamin Crawford.
Mr. CHOATE presented a memorial from the
American board of commissioners for foreign mis-
sions, praying compensation for property relinquish-
ed by their missionaries and teachers on the re-
moval of the Cherokee Indians from the State of
Georgia: referred to the Committe on Indian Af-
fairs.
Mr. JOHNSON prrsented a petition from Maria
Taylor and William R. Taylor, of Louisiana, pray-
ing-the confirmation of a tract of land: referred to
the Committee on Private Land Claims.
Mr. WOODBUR'Y presented a petition from
Pearson Cogswell, late marshal of New Hampshire,
praying the payment of the amount of a judgment
rendered in his favor on a suit instituted against h'im
by the United States; which, with the papers on the
files relative to the claim, were ordered to be refer-
red to the Committee on the Judiciary.
Mr. BAGBY presented a communication from
Hugh Wallace Wormley concerning his claim;
which was referred to the Committee on Naval Af-
fairs.
Mr. ATCHISON presented two memorials from
citizens of Missouri, praying Congress to pass a law
for the discontinuance of the land offices in Payette
and Palmyra land districts, and the creation of a new
land office at B'oomington, Missouri: referred to the
Committee on Public Lands.
Mr. UPHAM presented a memorial from Moses
Freeman and others, remonstrating against the an-
nexation of Texas to the United States: referred to
the Committee on Foreign Relations.
Mr. BREESE presented a copy of a law passed
by the legislature of Illinois, giving the assent of that
State to the government of the United States for the
erection of a national armory at Fort Massac, in the
county of Massac, in that State, and ceding land to
the United States for that purpose: referred to the
Committee on Military Affairs.
Mr. BENTON presented a petition from James
Butterworth, and others, of Missouri, praying the
reduction of the rates of postage to 3 cents through-
out the United States, and for the abolishment of
the franking privilege: ordered to lie on the table.
AI30, a petition from P. Prescott, interpreter for
the Sioux Indian agency at St. Peters, asking for
an increase of compensation: referred to the Com-
mittee on Indian Affairs.
Mr. PEARCE presented a petition from James
H. Gale, formerly an ensign in the army of the
United States, asking for arrears of pension: re-
ferred to the Committee on Pensions.
Mr. RIVES presented two memorials on the sub-
ect of the claim of Roddy, Carter & Jennings, for
the supply of rations during the war: referred to
the Committee on Claims.
Mr. BENTON, from the Committee on Indian
Affairs, to which was referred the petitions of sun-
dry citizens of Missouri and Indiana, praying in-
demnity for Indian depredations, reported a bill for
the relief of Reuben Jeffrey, and others; which
was read, and ordered to a second reading, and
the report accompanying it to be printed.
Mr. WHITE, from the Committee on Indian Af-
fairs, reported back, without amendment, and with
a recommendation that it do pass, the bill authoriz-
ing persons to whom reservations of land have been
made under Indian treaties to alienate the same in
fee.
Also reported, from the same committee, a bill for
the relief of the representatives of George Du-
val!; which was read, and ordered to a second lead-
ing.
Mr. BERRIEN, from the Committee on the Ju-
diciary, reported a bill to authorize the courts of the
United States to issue writs of habeas corpus in
eases not provided for by law; which was read, and
ordered to a second reading.
On motion by Mr. BREESE, it was
Resolved, That the Committee on the Judiciary be in-
structed to inquire into the expediency of increasing the
salary of the judge of the district court of the United slates
for the district of Illinois.
The engrossed bill for the continuation of the
Cumberland Road in the States of Ohio, Indiana
and Illinois, came up in order, and was read the
third time; and the question being, Shall the bill
".ss?—
Mr. BERRIEN remarked that the Senate was
thinly attended; and, as the bill was one of some
importance; and one of the senators absent had ex-
pressed a desire to look into it, he hoped it would
bejoassed over informally for the present: agreed to.
The engrossed bill entitled "An act to refund the
the ascertained balance due the State of Massachu-
setts for advances during the," was taken up and
read the third time; and the question being, "Shall
the'bill pass?"
Mr, HANNEGAN demanded the yeas and
nays; which were ordered.
But, onthe motion by Mr. BATES, the Senate
being thin; the bill was passed by informally.
The engrossed bills entitled "An act to organize
a new land district in the southern part of the State
'of Arkansas;" and the "Act to regulate the appoint-
ments and promotions of officers in the United States
revenue service," were read the third time, and
passed.
Engrossed bill for the relief of Joshua Shaw was
read the third time; and the question being "Shall
the bill pass?"
Mr. FAIRFIELD demanded the yeas and nays;
which were ordered. But,
On motion by Mr. DAYTON, the bill was passed
over informally, till the chairman of the Military
Committee, who was not in his seat, should be
present.
The engrossed bills of the following titles were
read the third time, and passed, viz:
An act making compensation to pension agents;
An act for the relief of William C. Easton; and
An act for the relief of Thomas Smith.
The engrossed bill for the relief of Mary E.
Zantzinger, the widow of Major Richard A. Zant-
zinger, was read a third time; and,
On the motion by Mr. SEVIER, passed by in-
formally.
On motion by Mr. JOHNSON, the previous
orders were postponed, and the bill to repeal the
act for the better organization of the district court
of the United States within the State of Louisiana,
and for other purposes, was taken up as in commit-
tee of the whole, on an amendment of the Judiciary
Committee, considered, and, the amendment being
agreed to, was reported to the Senate, and ordered to
be engrossed and read a third time.
[The above bill merely changes the time of hold-
ing the court in that State.]
METALLIC PLATES.
On motion by Mr. FAIRFIELD, the resolution
which was reported from the Committee on Print-
ing, a few days since, and laid on the table, relative
to the collection of the engraved metallic plates be-
longing to the United States, and on deposit with
the engravers of Washington city, was taken up for
consideration.
Mr. F. moved a substitute for the resolution, pro-
viding that the plates shall, after being collected, be
deposited in the office of the Secretary of the Senate,
for the use of both branches of Congress, instead of
being deposited in the library of Congress, as the
original resolution provided.
Mr. FAIRFIELD made some remarks, showing
that the Senate had expended some fifty thousand
dollars the last and the present Congress, for having
maps printed; and it was right, just and proper, that
the plates, winch the Senate had paid for, should be
deposited with an officer of that body for the use of
either House of Congress when wanted, instead of
Unw It ft in tlie hands of the engiavers. What has
become of the immense numbei of copper plates, of
much value in the aggregate, which Congress year
after year have been paying for, it was impor-
tant to know; and it just that they should be in the
possession of the body which paid the money of the
people for them.
Mr. HUNTINGTON made some remarks as to
the impropriety of the step proposed. He moved
to strike out so much of the resolution a3 allowed
the House the privilege of taking copies of maps
fiom the plates paid for out of the contingent fund
of the Senate.
Mr. TAPPAN advocated the adoption of the
resolution, and showed that it was a great measure
of economy to permit the House to print from the
plates engraved by order of the Senate, when copies
from such plates were needed by that House, He
