104
CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
of the country, he desired to keep it clear, or detach
if and keep it distinct from the National Institute, or
any other literary corporation whatever. Congress
ought to take upon itself the immediate control of
this library. It would never succeed, unless this
course should be pursued.
For one, he was not acquainted with the rules of
the National Institute, and he did not know in what
manner the managers of that institute were elected;
but the proposed amendment placed the direction
and supervision of the library in the hands of man-
agers not elected by Congress, not responsible to Con-
gress, and over whom the people of this country, by
their representatives, could have no control whatever.
Congress was undoubtedly capable of administering
this fund without the aid of the National Institute;
and it was their duty to do so.
Without, therefore, troubling the Senate with any
further observations, he should certainly go for sep-
arating the operations of this library from those of
the National Institute; wishing and hoping that that
Institute might have'all the success which lie be-
lieved is so well deserved; and if it should be made
a rival in disseminating knowledge among men with
the library, well and good. The more knowledge
communicated, the better for the people of this
country. He, therefore, should vote against the
amendment of the honorable senator from New
Hampshire, [Mr. Woodbcry,] and, although there
were some provisions in the bill to which he might
object, he would vote for it, nevertheless, should it
remain substantially as it came from the Committee
on the Library.
Mr. ALLEN said he should vote against this or
any other proposition whatever, contemplating a
connection of anything called an institution with the
public treasury of the country, in any form or shape.
This title, "National Institute," sounded large,
and, at a distance, was calculated to produce a great
impression upon the public mind. What was it?
Some years ago a few gentlemen of tliis city got to-
gether and concluded to form a literary and scientific
association among themselves. Well, that thing
has been done in every city, and in most of the vil-
lages and towns of the United States, from litt'e de-
bating societies composed of young men, up to lite-
rary associations composed of gray-headed men.
All of these associatiens, of which there are so many
in this country, were like that in the city of Wash-
ington, formed in the same way, and were mere
voluntary associations of man with man. But this
association in Washington city,finding aCapito! here
and a public treasury here, called itself a National
Institute; and in order to legalize its claim to
that pompous title, it asked Congress to give it a
corporate existence by a solemn law. After they
got associated in the public mind the idea of its na-
tionality, they succeeded in getting a law passed
giving it a legal existence and then they began to en-
ter into the organization, and to claim a part in the
administration of the government. That Institute
came here with the very instinct of all corporations,
to get its hands into the public treasury of the coun-
try, by a process of induction. Itproceeded with that
modesty and imposing humility which character-
ize the movements of all corporations. It began
by obtaining the tempory charge of objects of sci-
ence belonging to the government; and being in-
trusted with the custody of that part of the public
property, which resulted from the exploring expe-
dition, there was a motion made towards the publie
treasury. Having proceeded so far, it proceeded, a
few years after, to ask Congress to pay it moneys
out of the public treasury; and for what? For its
care of these very articles of publie property, which,
as a favor of the government, it had asked to be in-
trusted with the care of.
This Senate, which sat here for its constituents,
was neverthlcss so unjust, in his judgment, as to
temp* this corporation to its present advances by
the fatal step of making for it a public office, and
paying it $5,000 for the favor which the institution
had asked, in the privilege of taking care of the
articles resulting from the exploring expedition. He
opposed that bill at the time it was upon its pas-
sage through the Senate; and he then said—what was
now seen—that.tjie attraction of this corporation was
towards the public treasury.
AVe are now intrusted with a fund of some half
a million of dollars. It is intrusted to the care of
the Congress of the United States; whether by the
constitution or by Mr. Smithson, it is now immate-
rial. The money is obtained; and the question is
decided that Mr. Smithson could extend the limits
pf the constitntion by a request in his will, ami
at the disposal of Congress moneys for ob-
jects which the constitution knows not. You got the
money; it is now in the public treasury, or ought
to be; and was as much subject to the constitutional
action of Congress as any other moneys of the
treasury; and for that action alone, and in the name
of the Smithsonian institution, this National Insti-
tute comes here to ask Congress to give it the exclu-
sive administration of half a million of the public
money. This could be answered by the general
charge that no moneys ought to be drawn out of the
public treasury except by the appropriation of law,
and that Congress has no right to intrust the ad-
ministration of the public funds to any functionary
of this government, much less to an irresponsible
agent, unknown to the constitution of the United
States, calling itself a National Institute. If we
had a right, he would be opposed to this bill, for he
could say that, within his reading and his observa-
tion, he bad never known a single instance of a fund
of money, charitable or otherwise, being intrusted
to the care of an incorporated body of men, that was
not squandered, and made to fall short of the object
of the donor. It was the instinct of these machines
called corporations; and it was impossible for it
to be otherwise. Intrust this corporation with the
administration of this fund, and it would be just as
much throwing it away as to throw it into the mud-
banks of the Potomac. All these corporation are
filled with law—they are but the incorporation of
laws; and never, without an exception, either in
English history or ours, with regard to the admin-
istration by corporations, was there an instance
where the corporation had not consumed the fund
or squandered it away, and caused it to fall short of
the object of the donor. The Girard folly in Phila-
delphia was an instance of this fact. There might
be found thousands of instances in the reportsmade
to the British Parliament by those charged with the
investigation of these subjects; and m many in-
stances, not only the income, but the principal, was
consumed in paying the administrators. It was al-
ways so. This society in Washington city, which
calls itself a national institution, has no more right
to the direction or control of this fund than the
Wistar Club in Philadelphia—an institution es-
tablished there by an able physician of that name—
or any liteiary society in the East or West, of
which there were great numbers, as he had before
stated.
It is said that this fund is to be applied in the Dis-
trict of Columbia. That very idea gave rise to the
oiigin of the National Institute, he had no doubt.
Here was afund to be expended here; and of course
there must be somebody to receive it, and what so
handy as a corporation? What so convenient as to
take into its hands a fund of money which has to be
expended? What so convenient as a corporation
got up for the purpose of receiving it? And what
was better calculated to lead Congress into their ob-
ject than to take the title of national? National!
a word always dear io the American people—so
dear that many on inn, tavern, and eating house,
throughout the country, bore the title, and he be-
lieved there was an establishment somewhere in
town here which bore upon its sign the national
eating house! Now, as to the formation of a society
for the increase and diffusion of knowledge, that was
well enough; but he did not want to see these things
take a literary and scientific name for the purpose of
thrusting then hands in the treasury. He did not
want to see corporations of men under high sound-
ing titles, and professing beneficial objects, formed
in this capital with a view to enter into the control
of the public funds. He saw no reason Why we
should not give the control of this fund to some
literary institution in Philadelphia or Boston, with as
much propriety as to the National Institute.
The constitution did not give us charge of the
mind and genius of the American people. It was the
privilege of a despot, not of a free government, to
control the mind and direct the genius of the people;
and he wished to see no institution for that purpose
established in the capital of the United States, by
which the American people are to think, and read,
and speak. Gentlemen were mistaken if they ima-
gined that, because such institutions exist in France
and other parts of Europe, they were doing a
service to the American people in undertaking to
pursue the same course in this country, or under our
government. Our government is the creature of the
public mind, and not the creator. In Europe, where
monarchies, crowns, and thrones sustain themselves
by controlling the thoughts of the people, it is differ-
ent; but our government stands upon the thoughts
of the people, and is controlled by them. We have no
right to presume that the people are so ignorant that
we ought to legislate for enlightening them. We
are here to receive their instructions, not to impart
instruction to them. It is no part of our duty to do
so. It is presumption in us to assume the duty.
On these grounds, and others which Mr. A. en-
forced with great energy, he not only opposed the
amendment, but signified his intention of voting
against the whole project.
Mr. WALKER said that, on. this occasion, he
was likely to be placed in a small minority. In re-
lation to the denunciation which the Senate had
just heard upon this floor of the National Institute,
and the charge that it commenced out of a desire to
monopolize the Smithsonian fund, he need only to
say that it commenced lon£ before that fund was
received. It originated witfi a distinguished mem-
ber of the cabinefof Mr. Van Buren, now in honora-
ble retirement; and from no individual did it receive
more encouragement, or stronger marks of approba-
tion, than from ex-President Van Buren himself, by
numerous valuable presents, and by every other
means in which he could manifest his regard. He
(Mr. Walker) thought, therefore, notwithstand-
ing the difference of opinion between his friend from
Massachusetts [Mr. Choate] and his friend from
New Hampshire, [Mr. Woodbury,] as to which is
the most democratic—and he really rejoiced that his
friend from Massachusetts was claiming to be dem-
ocratic, for it was a good symptom of the progress
of democracy—and, notwithstanding all that was
said by his friend from Ohio, [Mr. Allen,] he was
bound to say that the individuals who originated
this Institution were eminently democratic. He
did not see that the amendment offered by the
senator from New Hampshire proposed that the
National Institute should have one dollar of the
Smithsonian fund, or of any fund whatever. He be-
lieved it provides that the whole payments to be made
are to be made by the treasury; and that all the Na-
tional Institute is to do, as regards this matter, in
connection with the four other individuals named,
is to be done under the direction of a committee of
this body, and subject every year to the modifica-
tions and regulations, and subject to the supervision
and control, of the government of the United States.
He rejected the idea, as one utterly erroneous, that
the amendment of the senator from New Hamp-
shire proposes that the National Institute shall take
any portion of this fund, or that it proposes even
that it shall have the administration of it. It is not
to receive a solitary dollar. It is not to disburse
either theSnithsonian fund, orany otkerfund what-
ever, under this amendment. The Smithsonian
fund is all to be administered by the Treasury De-
partment—to be paid out by that department; and
all that is to be done by this amendment is, to pro-
vide that there may be some supervision of these
drafts before they are presented to the Treasury
Department.
He should really like to know, inasmuch as there
was to be a discussion hereupon politics generally,
which of the two is the more democratic—the Smith-
sonian Institution, or the National Institute? The
Smithsonian Institution originated from an individ-
ual in England, entirely foreign—the very name is
foreign. How was it with the National Institute?
It sprang from the people. It bears a name that is
dear to the people; and it has received the man-
ifest encouragement of the people of the United
States. He spoke now not merely of the colleges
scattered all over the Union that had contributed to
its aid and support. He spoke not merely of the
scientific men who assembled at this Capitol not
long since, and gave it their encouragement and sup-
port; but he spoke of the people in the humblest
walks of life, scattered all over this Union—residing
in every State of the Union—who, from year to year,
and from month to month, had foi warded presents.
And why is it that this Institute is dear to the
American people? Because it is national—because
it is American. They wish to see an institution here
bearing the name of the nation, which shall give to
the United States the same happy range in science
that this government has done in political affairs.
And let him tell gentlemen that an institution that
is merely called Smithsonian can never concentrate
in the same degree the affections and confidence of
the American people. Still he admitted that it must
be called the Smithsonian Institution, sor did he
propose that it should be called by any other name.
But the question was, whether the individuals who
were named in the bill now under consideration, as
regarded the Smithsonian Institution, would better
