CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
165
carry out the object of Mr. Smithson than the Na-
tional Institute. It was a mere difference of opinion
as to how the fund could be best administered. But
if there was any objection to a corporation,
woujd not the Smithsonian Institution be a
corporation? He was sure his honorable friend
from Massachusetts [Mr. Choatjb] would not
deny that it -was at least what was in law called a
quasi corporation; and he supposed his honorable
friend from Ohio [Mr. Allen] would admit that it
'would not be more democratic by making it a quasi
corporation. He supposed it could institute suits
and legal proceedings. Who are the persons that
would have charge of this, under the National Insti-
tute? Who are the directors? There was the Pres-
ident of the United States. Was not that democratic#
Is he not the only man in our government who is
electcd by the whole people of the whole Union?
And who, together with him constitute a majority
of .the directors? Why, the cabinet, deriving their
appointment directly and immediately from the
Chief Magistrate, who is himself the chosen of the
whole American people. Was that less democratic
than committing the administration of this fund to
those intrusted with it in the bill? He thought, so
far as the democracy of the thing was concerned,
that the administration of this fund by the National
Institute tvas quite as democratic as it could be by
any other mode.
But those who have charge of this fund under the
National Institute will be always here. They are
to contribute their valuable services and time to the
administration of this fund, and they are not to re-
ceive one solitary dollar for those services. He be-
lieved that by committing to this Institute the admin-
istration of this fund, two main objects would be
accomplished. In the first place, it would best ac-
complish the intention of the donor; and, in the
second, he believed it would also give additional
permanency, and aid the National Institute. There-
fore, notwithstanding the denunciation of his friend
from Ohio, [Mr. Allen,] and notwithstanding the
honorable senator from Massachusetts [Mr.
Choate] considered his plan much the best, and
much the more democratic, he [Mr. Walker]
should feel himself constrained to vote, in a small
minority he supposed, for the amendment proposed
by his honorable friend from New Hampshire [Mr.
WoodburyJ
Mr. FOSTER of New York rose not to discuss
the measure, but to suggest what appeared to him to
be a deficiency in tlie bill, namely, the want of
some provision for the permanency of the sys-
system of management which experience should
prove to be best. In the proper time he would sub-
mit an amendment, the object of which would be
that there should be only one of the seven additional
members over the ex officio members elected annual-
ly; so that in the course of time each would serve
seven years.
Mr. HUNTINGTON opposed the amendment of
the senator from New Hampshire.
The amendment to the amendment was accord-
ingly rejected.
Mr. FOSTER of New York now submitted his
amendment, as follows:
"And Jared P Kirtland of Ohio. Richard Henry Wilde of
Louisiana, George Tucker of Virginia, George Bancroft of
Massachusetts, Henry King of Missouri, and Joseph G. Tot-
ten and Alex. Dallas Bache, members of the National Insti-
tute. resident in Washington cit}', be the other seven mem-
bers, who shall, by lot, fix the term of their office, so that the
term of one of them shall expire in one year; of another, in
two years; of another ?n three years; of another in four years;
of another in five years; of another in six years; and of the
other in seven years from the first day ot December next
after the pas&age of this act. And any vacancy happening
otherwise than by the expiration of the term, shall be filled
for the remainder of the term on the fourth Wednesday of
December next after the vacancy occurs."
Mr. F. urged at some length the propriety of this
provision.
Mr. TAPPAN opposed the provision as unneces-
sary, as there could be no doubt of the re-election
of such members as proved by their services to be
most valuable to the institution.
Mr. CHOATE pointed out how much better it
would be for the interests of the institution to have
short terms of election, as that would stimulate
managers, who would feel their ambition excited
by the honor of their trust, to exertions worthy of
their re-election.
The amendment to the amendment was rejected.
Mr. ALLEN moved to strike out the words
"members of the National Institute," by which two
of the nominees in the bill were designated.
The amendment was rejected.
On motion by Mr. CHOATE, the fourth Wed-
nesday in December, in the bill, was changed to the
third Wednesday in December,.lest sometimes the
fourth Wednesday might fall on Christmas day.
Mr. WOODBURY withdrew the printed amend-
ments he had on a former day offered, the necessity
for them having been obviated by alterations in the
bill.
The amendment of the substitute, as amended,
was then adopted, and the bill was reported back' tp
the Senate.
Mr. BERRIEN, before the bill was allowed to
pass the stage of amendment, suggested the necesr
sity of considering whether a section would not be
necessary, authorizing the institu': 11 respect to
the property it would possess the grant of
the public grounds, to sue and be sued. It might
be a question whether the government would be the
ostensible party in a suit.
Mr. CHOATE conceived the property in the
ground would still vest in the government; but, for
the purpose of having time to add a small section,
to avoid any possible difficulty, he would have no
objection to passing over the bill informally till to-
morrow.
The amendments made in committee of the whole
were then concurred in.
On motion of Mr. BENTON, the Senate went
into executive session; and, after some time spent
therein,
Adjourned.
HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES.
Tuesday, January 21, 1845.
The journal of yesterday was read and approved.
THE EXPLORING EXPEDITION.
The select committee on the beat mode of dispos-
ing of the maps, &c., connected with the exploring
expedition, was appointed by the Speaker this
morning, as follows:
Messrs. J. W. Davis, McDowell, Wintiirof,
Leonard, and Ciias. M. Reed.
MILITARY POSTS IN NEBRASKA AND ORE-
GON.
Mr. DOUGLASS gave notice of his intention
hereafter to aslf leave to introduce a bill to establish
military posts in the Territories of Nebraska and
Oregon.
REANNEXATION OF TEXAS.
Mr. DROMGOOLffi, on leave, introduced an
amendment to the bill some time since present-
ed by him for the^ reannexation of Texas to this
Union; which was ordered to be printed. It was
as follows:
"Amendment intended to be'offered in Committee
of the Whole on the State of the Union, to the bill
(500) declaring the consent of Congress that a new
State be formed within the jurisdiction of the repub-
lic of Texas, and admitted into the Union.
''Sec. 4. And he it /wither entitled, That the State of
Texas, when admitted into this Union, in conformity with
the provisions of this act, shall be entitled, and continue
to be entitled, until the next general census, to two repre-
sentatives in the House of Roprescntdtives of the United
States; and, in all other respects, as far as they may be ap-
plicable, the'laws of the'United States shall extendiand
have force in the State of Texas, and all the territory prop-
erly claimed and belonging to the same, in the same man-
ner as if that State, with its claims to other terrritory, had
originally been one ofthe United States.
"Sec. 5. And belt further enacted, Thatthe President of the
United States, so soon as he shall be informed that the State
of Texas has become entitled to be received and admitted
into this Union in conformity with the provisions of this
act, shall cause the same to be publicly made know n by
proclamation; and shall, at the commencement of the first
session of the twenty-ninth Congress, lay before both
Houses all the proceedings received by this government,
which shall have taken place m pursuance of this
Mr. ANDREW KENNEDY presented the pe-
tition of David Ruble and 160 others, settlers on the
great Miami reserve, praying Congress to pass a
law authorizing them to buy the farms on which
they reside, at a fair appraised value, exclusive ofthe
improvements. The petition was accompanied by
the following remarks: In the general pre-emption
law which passed this House m 1841, this reserve,
for some cause or other, was excepted from its pro-
visions. Before that time, the hardy, industries,
and enterprising settlers on this leserve had select-
ed their lands, made small improvements, and
moved their families upon them. And why they
should have been made an exception to the general
provisions of that law, has always been a mystery
to me. Be the cause what it may, those settlers
were so well satisfied that their government would
not persist in this unjust disrrimin-.tion amongst
her citizens, that they continued to cxlend their im-
provements and to cultivate the soil, hoping and
trusting that justice would be done them in the
premises. And such has been the zeal with which
they labored f®r the improvement of the country,
that now, ii'.Uead of that great tract of land being
what it was a few years ago—a wilderness, where
the red n..'U, with his neighbors, the wild beasts
ofthe fon.-r. made their haunts—it has now become
swell cultivated agricultural region, where peace
and plenty greet the astonished vision at every
turn, reminding one of that beautiful passage of
Scripture which declares that "the wilderness shall
be made to blossom as the rose."
By every principle of justice and humanity, I be-
seech the favorable consideration of the members
of this House to the prayer of the petition.
The petition was referred to the Committee on
the Public Lands.
Mr. BOYD offered a resolution in the usual form
to terminate the debate in Committee of the Whole
on the state of the Union on the resolutions to rean-
nex Texas to this Union, at 2 o'oclock on Saturday;
on which he moved the previous question.
Mr. CARROLL moved to lay that-resolution on
the table; and, oj i thatj he called for the yeas and
nays, which were ordered, and, being taken, re-
sulted—yeas 53, nays 104—as .follows:
YEAS—Messrs. Abbot, Adams, Brinkerhofl', Carroll, Cling-
man, Cranston, Darragh, Dellet, Dickey, Florence,
Foot, Giddings, Goggin, Grinnell, Glider, H. Hamlin,
Hardin, Harper, Hudson, Joseph R. Ingersoll, Irvin, Jenks,
Perley B. Johnson, John P. Kennedy, Preston Kmg, Daniel
P. King, Mclivaine, Marsh, Freeman H. Morse, Moseley,
Nes, JPaterson, Phcenix, Pollock, Elisha-il. Potter, Pratt,
Preston, Charles M. Reed, Rockwell, Russell, Schenck,
Senter, Severance, Albert Smith, Caleb B. "Smith, Andrew
Stewart, Summers, Tilden, Tyler, Vance, Vanmeter,
John White, Benjamin White, and William Wright—53.
NAYS—Messrs. Arrington, A>he, Atkinson, Barrin-
ger, Belser, Benton, James A. Black, Blackwell, Bow-
lin, Boyd, Brengle, Brodhead, Aaron V. Ihoun, Milton
Brown, W. J. Brown, Burke, Burt, Carpenter, Jeiemiah
E. Gary, Chappell, Clinch, Clinton, Cobb, Coles, Cross, Cul-
lom, Dana, J. W. Davis, R. D. Davis, Dilimgham, Doug-
lass, Dromgoolc, Dunlap, Ellis, Elmer, Fadce, Ficklm,
Foster, French, F.dward S. Hamlin, Haralson, Hays, He.r-
rick, Holmes, Hopkins, Houston, Hubard, Hughes, James
B. Hunt, Charles J. Ingersoll, Jameson, Cave Johnson,
Andrew Johnson, Andrew Kennedy, Kirkpatnck, La-
branche, Lucas, Lumpkin, McClelland, McConnell, Mc-
Dowell, McKay, Edward J. Morris, Parmenter, Payne,
Pettit, Peyton, Emery D. Totter, Dayid S. Reid, Redjng,
Rwlfe, Rhett, Ritter, Roberts, St John, Saundeis, Thomas
H. Seymour, David L. Seymour, Simons, Simpson, Shdell,
John T. Smith, Thomas Smith, Steenrod, Stephens, Stetson,
John Stewart, Stiles, James W. Stone, Allred P. Stone,
Stiong, Taylor, Thomasson, Thompson, Tibbatts. Tucker,
Vinton, Wentwoith, Wheaton, Williams, Woodwaid, and
Joseph A. Wright—104.
So the resolution was not laid on the table.
The question recurring on the adoption of the
resolution,
The previous question was seconded, and the
main question was ordered; and being taken, was
decided in the affirmative without a division.
So the resolution fixing a time to terminate the
debate was adopted.
Mr. J. A. WRIGHT asked and obfained leave
to report a private bill, (name not hoard;) which
was twicc read, and referred to the Committee of
the Whole House.
After some disagreement, and considerable con-
versation, as to the business which the House would
agree to proceed with,
TERRITORIAL BUSINESS.
The resolution of Mr. Levy, offered yesterday,
setting apart the first three legislative days of Feb-
ruary lor the consideration of territorial business
came up; and after some conversation, having been
modified at the suggestion of Mr. C. Johnson and
Mr. A. Y. Brown, so as to provide for setting apaifc
the 10th and 11th days of February by spccial as-
signment to the business of the three Territories,
was agreed to without a division.
Mr. HOUSTON asked leave to report a bill from
the Committee on Public Lands.
Mr. HAMLIN objected. They had limited the
time, he said, for the Texas debate, and he was for
improving it while it remained.
Mr. HOUSTON moved to suspend the rules, to
allow him to report his bill; but subsequently
modified his motion so as to suspend the rules fox*
one hour to receive reports generally.
The question was taken and decided in the nega-
tive—ayes 59, noes not counted.
Mr. WENTWORTH offered the following reso-
lution, which lies over one day:
Resolved, That the honorable the Secietvy of War fur-
