166
CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
nish to this House the proceeding and opinion of a court of
inquiry convened by direction of the Secretary of "War, in
March, 1841, at Fort Gibson, to investigate the conduct and
character of Surgeon P. Maxwell, upon charges and impu-
tations made against him by the Surgeon General in certain
official papers, and all the correspondence and papers con-
nected'therewith.
RE ANNEXATION OP TEXAS.
On motion of Mr. COBB, the House resolved it-
self into Committee of the Whole on the state of the
Union, (Mr. Hopkins in the chair,) and resumed the
consideration of the joint resolutions, with the
several amendments thereto, for the reannexatioa of
Texas.
Mr. RHETT was entitled to the floor. It was
related, he said, that in the battle of St. Jacinto the
Mexicans either fired before they came within good
shot, or wasted their fire by indiscriminate charges
along their enemy's lines. The Texians, on the
contrary, under the direction of their gallant leader,
who, while he went along the line, told them "No,
boys, no;" waited until the Mericans came within
the certain range of their deadly fire; they levelled
their rifles at particular aim, and the result was, they
conquered. He proposed, in this second battle of
St. Jacinto, to imitate the example of those Texians;
and therefore he should endeavor, in his argument,
to be as brief, as dense, and as pointed as the circum-
stances and his ability permitted.
In the first place (said Mr. R.) I propose to state to
the committee the object at which I intend to aim. I
shall not talk about the Texas debt, becquse I con-
ceive that is only smoke. I do not suppose that any
proposition, which will receive the approbation of
this committee, will have any reference to the
Texas debt. I shall not talk of war; that also is
Mexican smoke. The. proposition which he
supposed would obtain favor with the com-
mittee, and which he intended to debate, was
that submitted by the gentleman from Tenn., [Mr.
Milton Brown,] which proposed the admission of
Texas as a State, with the limitations his bill con-
tained. And permit him here to say, that since he
had been on this floor, this proposition, emanating
from the source it has, had given him more unfeign-
ed gratification than any which had been offered
here. It proved that they of the South, although
they might differ upon great questions affecting the
Union, yet when questions arose vitally affecting
their peculiar section, and also the Union, they
would be true to themselves and to the whole coun-
try.
The objections to this measure were two: 1st,
that the act of admission by Congress was an inter-
ference with the treaty-making power that could
alone accomplish such an object; and, 2d, that they
were admitting a foreign state, and that it was not
competent for them to do so.
Observing that he should for the present pass over
the question of expediency to discuss these two
great principles of power—power under limited gov-
ernments being the first question to be settled by
statesmen and legislators—lie proceeded to say that
he agreed with the gentleman from Massachusetts
[Mr. WiNTHftor] that it was the duty of those who
affirmed this power to show it.
First, then: those who argued that the treaty-ma-
king power—viz: the President and Senate—ought
to take cognizance of questions for the admission of
States into the Union, conceded that that power ex-
isted in the government. They only differed with
them as to the mode in which it should be accom-
plished; and, in so doing, they only admitted what
had been done frequently by our government in its
past history, and what the Supreme Court
had sanctioned. Now, he asked these gentlemen
under what clause of the constitution did they draw
the inference of this power in the treaty-making
power. Was is not under that clause which said
new States might be admitted by Congress into the
Union? If it were not for that clause, no one would
pretend that the President and Senate would have
the power to purchase territory with a view to ad-
mit new States into the Union, (which was the
correlative power of the power to admit new States.)
Now, he put it to these gentlemen if theii argument
was not far moie far-fetched than theirs. If they
admitted that the treaty-making power was au-
thorized to do that to which there was no express
reference made in the constitution, (viz: to purchase
territory,) why could not the Congress, t® whom the
power was expressly given, use the same means, or
any other means, to acquire this territory out of
which they were expressly authorized to admit new
States? He submitted to all candid men that theirs
■was the weaker power, and that for which he con-
tended was the stronger power; and that the admis-
sion by their opponents of this weaker power car-
ried with it the admission of the stronger power.
Now, let him refer to the reasons why this power
was given to the Congress of the United States, and
not to the President and Senate. Look back to the
origin of our government. How was it that the old
States came into the Union? Was this constitution
framed by the President and Senate? No; it was
framed precisely on the grounds on which they
proposed now to act by this bill admitting a new
State. The old States came into this Union; the
constitution was framed by a combination of two
great powers and interests: first, the States, as
States, acted on it; and, second, the people belong-
ing to the States acted on it.
Now was it not likely when the constitution was
framed, and the provision made that new States
might be admitted into the Union, that it was in-
tended that the same power which had made the old
States, should admit and form new States also? He
thought so. In admitting new States, they would
have the popular approbation, as well as the govern-
ment sanction of the country; and was not that pre-
cisely the course which they proposed to pursue here?
They were observing strictly the analogies of the
constitution.
But let them look one step further. Why was it
that theframers of the constitution, when they said
that new States might be admitted by the Cqngress
into the Union, had not declared that they
should be admitted by the President and Senate?
Why, they chose to have the highest guaranty on
this subject, both by the action of the people, and
of the component sovereignties that convened to
make the constitution. Why, look at the treaty-
making power on the simple question of its corrupti-
bility; and see whether the mode which they pro-
posed to carry out here, was not far better, far more
secure, than the admission if it could be effected by
the President and Senate. It was true that the rati-
fication of a treaty required a vote of two-thirds of
the Senate; but two-thirds of the Senate were only
nine senators more than a mere majority of the
Senate; and Mr. R. agreed that nine men might be
more easily influenced to a particular course, on a
question of this vastly important character, than a
majority of the- House of Representatives, coming
directly from the people. Every body knew that,
in this great mattsr of admitting States, some of the
most enormous instances of bribery and corruption
had occurred. They all knew that Ireland had been
annexed to England by means of not less than five
millions sterling; and Lord Castlereagh began his
political life, great as it was, with this measure.
He would go one step farther: he would say that
it affected the States not only as States, but that it
affected the people of all the States; for it would
have been wrong to have admitted new States into
the Union without the assent of the people of the
States. Shall the States, acting as sovereigns in the
Senate, alone have a voice, and the people have
none? It was not a republican doctrine, and was in
conflict with the constitution, which declares that
Congress, and Congress only, shall have the power
to admit new States into- the Union. His position
was, that the power of admitting new States was
not in the treaty-making power at all. In the fiist
place, said he, let us define what a treaty is. It cer-
tainly is not a compact, alliance, or confederation
alone. It may mean a different thing. A treaty is
that about which you treat, about which you must
treat; and it was in that view that Mr. Madison has
put it m his aiticle in the Federalist. He says it
was necessary to give the treaty-making power to
the President and Senate, on account of the secrecy,
despatch, and certainty with which they could act.
It was clear that, if it had not been for the treaty-
making power, Louisiana would not have come into
the Union in 1803, for there were difficulties and ob-
stacles in the way which would have prevented the
acquisition of that territory by a legislative act.
But it did not follow that, under other circumstances,
Louisiana could not have been annexed by an act of
Congress. Now, there were a class of cases which
clearly came within the treaty-making power alone.
These were cases of extra-territorial and interna-
tional interests, such as right of search, rendition of
territory after war, rendition of criminals, fixing
boundary, &■/'.: all cases of extra-territorial and in-
ternational concern, requiring no act of Congress to
carry them out. But in all cases of municipal con-
cern, Congress must act.
Here Mr. R. cited several eases in illustration of
his position,
Jn these cases Congress might act alone, if it saw
fit/ Thought it might act in connection with the
treaty-making power, yet it could act alone. One
gentleman laid down the broad proposition, that, in
any matter affecting foreign nations, the treaty-ma-
king power alone must act, and that Congress could
not. Did those who held this doctrine reflect that,
in matters most vitally affecting the people, they
would give all legislative power to the President and
Seriate, and make the representatives of the people
the mere underlings of an aristocracy of the Presi-
dent and Senate, built up on the ruins of the liber-
ties of the people? Mr. R. here referred to the act
of Congress in relation to the colonial trade, which
had the effect of sweeping off our whole West India
' trade, and giving the carrying trade to Halifax.
Under what power did Congress pass that act? Un-
der the power to regulate commerce. Under what
power was it proposed to admit Texas? Under the
power to admit new States into the Union. And
now he came to consider that power. Let any one
listen to the arguments that have been offered against
this measure. He had not heard a single argument
that did not go to the effect it would have on our
municipal relations. One of the objections to an-
nexation was, that it was a sectional question, and
was designed to give additional political power to
the southern portion of the Union. Was not that a
municipal affair? Another was, that it would ex-
tend and perpetuate slavery. Was not that a muni-
cipal affair? Again, it was objected that it would
produce war. Well, had not Congress the power
to declare war? And if it had, had it not a right to
do so in that way as well as any other? The annex-
ation of Texas would be a proclamation to England
to come on, if she chose, to go to war on that issue.
In short, all the objections that had been urged
against the measure, proved it to be a municipal af-
fair, over which Congress had control. He would
now hasten on to the next proposition, which was,
that Texas was a foreign state, and that Congress
had the power to add foreign states to the Union.
The gentleman from Kentucky behind him [Mr.
G. Davis] talked about political suicide, which he
said Texas would commit by being annexed to
the Union. Why (said Mr. R.) we don't intend to
touch the sovereignty of Texas. We intend to ad-
mit her into the Union as a sovereign equal with the
other States; and, even if we should temporarily
abridge her sovereignty by making her a territory,
we intend at last to give her a resurrection by
erecting that territory into sovereign and independ-
ent States. Bat it must be recollected that a State
must be a sovereign to be admitted into the Union.
Where was there any thing in the constitution of
the United States to show that the States were not
sovereigns? He assented fully to the truth of the
declaration made by the gentleman from Massachu-
setts. The gen tleman said that Massachusetts was
a sovereign when she entered into the confederacy,
and that, assenting to the constitution as a sovereign,
she would have a right to go out of the Union when-
ever she thought the constitution was violated. He
believed that every sovereign State had a right to
dissolve the fedeial compact whenever she thought
! it was violated, and that each State, as a sovereign,
| had a right to judge for herself if it was violated.
: But if Texas should come into the Union, he should
I like to know how she was to come in in any other
| way than as a sovereign State. Some gentlemen
■ contended that, to admit Texas into the Union, slie
j must be first taken in as a territory. But suppose
that was done: she must form a constitution and
State government before she can be admitted, and
when that is done, she is a State; and if a State, she
must be a foreign State. How was a sovereign
State to be admitted into the Union unless she was
a foreign State? If it is a sovereign State, it must "be
a foreign State; and when gentlement contend that
before a State can be admitted into the Union, its
territory must belong to the LTnion, they contradict
what they have already dene. Mr. R. went on to
illustrate this argument by citing the cases of the
States that had been admitted into the Union smcc
the adoption of the constitution. He referred par-
ticuluily to the case of the State of Missouri. In
conformity with the act of Congress, this State,
when a Territory, formed a constitution, and erect-
ed herself into a State. That constitution not meet-
ing the approbation of Congress, she was refused
admittance, and had to adopt another before she
could be admitted into the Union. Where was
Missouri then? She was a sovereign State; and
suppose Congress had refused to admit her till now:
would she not be still a sovereign and independent
