CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
169
come from the West, and never could come from that
quarter. We love the Union, and though the North
and the South might both threaten its existence, the
.young giant of the West would bear aloft its ban-
ner as the emblem of our happiness and safety. If
he understood the interest and feelings of Massa-
chusetts rightly, she was the last State that would
ever take a long farewell of her sisterhood. He
had greatly mistaken the character of her people if
they were willing to relinquish the advantages
which the Union had given, and would continue
to give them; Massachusetts knew too welt that
her steril rocks had been made to blossom
as the rose by, this Union; and she knew too well
that one continued stream of wealth had been pour-
ed into her lap from the sunny South and the young
West, and would continue to enrich her while the
Union lasted. She knew, too, that a dissolution of
this confederacy would reduce her to the impover-
ished condition of her ancestors, when they landed
on the rock of Plymouth; and that the bounties she
now enjoys would be withdrawn from her forever.
Where would she find a market for her manufac-
tures, with a protection of 30 and 40 per cent.—a
protection that no other government in the world
ever gave to any portion of its citizens? Would she'
forego all these advantages to follow the lead of a
parcel of fanatical abolitionists in a crusade against
southern institutions? He did not believe that she
would. We have been asked (said Mr. C.) to point
out the advantages to be derived from the accomplish-
ment of this measure. He would reply that they were
innumerable, and that it needed but a glance at the
map to make them plain to the meanest capacity.
Mr. C. then went to describe the climate, soil, and
salubrity of Texas; its unexampled fertility, and
capacity to produce every species of Agricultural
wealth. The great staple of the world—cotton—
could be produced in great abundance in it than the
best cotton lands of the Southwest; and so the lands of
Texas were capable of raising more sugar than was
done even in Louisiana. The third great article
—tobacco—could be raised there with equal facility.
But (said Mr. C.) by way of better understanding
the advantages of annexation, let us look at the
effects of refusing to admit Texas into the Union.
We have been told by the gentleman from Vermont,
[Mr. Marsh,] that it is a matter of little conse-
quence, Texas only having about 140,000 inhab-
itants, and her trade amounting in imports to only
about $400,000 or $500,000 annually. That she was
qut a small affair at best. The gentleman must have
forgotten one of the first lessons he learned in the
books of his childhood, which told him that—
"Tall oaks from little acorns grow;
Large streams from little fountains flow.'-*
Texas, though but small now in her population
and resources, is destined to be one of the most
wealthy, populous, and extensive republics on this
continent, and perhaps the greatest agricultural pow-
er in the world. She may support a population of
fifty millions at least, and her commerce will proba-
bly be the largest in the Union. We should view
this matter (said Mr. C.) as wise statesmen, and not
with the jaundiced eyes of bigoted and sectional
partisans. Let us suppose that Texas makes a
treaty with England, by which she admits British
goods into her ports at a low revenue duty, and has
her cotton admitted into England free of duty: what
will be the consequence? All her cotton lands will
be immediately brought into cultivation, and her
cotton going to England under facilities which ours
will not possess, she will have the exclusive benefits
of that market. The southern States must then raise
grain and stock in lieu of the cotton which they
now raise, and this grain and stock will su-
persede those articles now supplied by the West.
Deprived of their natural market for these articles,
the West must turn their attention to manufactures,
and thus come into competition with the manufac-
turers of the North. The North will then find in
the West a powerful rival, instead of a consumer of
her manufactures; and where, then, will she find a
market. What, then, will a protective tariff avail
her? She can't suppose that Texas, excluded from
the Union through her means, will give her a bounty
of 30 or 40 per cent, over the manufactures of the
English, at the expense of her own citizens. Here
Mr. C. was reminded, by the falling of the Chair-
man's mallet, that his hour had expired.
Mr. GIDDINGS next obtained the floor; and,
after a few introductory remarks, observed that the
question before the House was as to the union of
two independent sovereignties. Texas was as
much a sovereign and as independent as the United
States—a8 capable of carrying on her government,
administering her own affairs, both internal and ex-
ternal, as we were. She had, in fact, entered into
treaty stipulations not only with this government,
but with several of the powers of Europe; and was
acknowledged and treated by the civilized world as
a sovereign and independent power. It followed,
therefore, that if the contemplated annexation took
place, we should assume all the debts, treaty stipu-
lations, and other obligations, which Tex&s had en-
tered into, and she would, in like manner, have,to
assume ours. Now this being the case, he wanted
to know of the chairman of the Committee on For-
eign Affairs, or some other gentleman capable of
answering the question, if it was proposed to assume
the large debt of Texas, or to repudiate it. The
treaty rejected last session provided that this govern-
ment should assume the debts of Texas to the amount
of ten millions. But was that the whole amount of
the debt? Some gentleman had estimated it at
twenty-five millions; and even Texas herself did not
know how much it was; for her government was
now taking measures to ascertain it. At all events,
he was safe in saying that it was a much larger
amount than ten millions. Now he wanted to know
if this government assumed the ten millions, as pro-
vided for in the treaty, and also in the bill of the
gentleman from Pennsylvania, [Mr. C. J. Inger-
soll,] what was to become of the rest of the debt?
Was it proposed to repudiate it?
Mr. RHETT said that he proposed to take nei-
ther the debts of Texas nor her iands. The meas-
ure he should support would leave Texas her own
lands, and let her pay her own debts.
Mr. GIDDINGS said that this, then, was repudi-
ation which might do very well for a repudiating
State; but it would never do for Ohio. He also
asked if it was proposed that this government should
be bound by the treaty stipulations which existed
between Great Britain and Texas; one of which was
conceding the right of search, and the other for free-
trade. But there, was one prominent subject, on
which he proposed to offer a few remarks. The
great object of annexing Texas to the Union was to
secure and perpetuate the institution of slavery, and
to protect the slave trade between that country and
the slave-breeding region of the South.
He referred to the correspondence of the late Mr.
Upshur and Mr. Calhoun, to show that the mainte-
nance of slavery and slave-breeding was the object
of this movement; and he replied to the gentleman
from South Carolina, [Mr. Rhett,] that they of the
South had originated this agitation on the subject of
slavery here. He charged that, year after year,
items were found in the appropriation bills to pay
Indians for pursuing and restoring fugitive slaves to
chains and bondage—appropriations made out of
the treasure which belonged to the West, the East,
and the North, as much as to the South. He le-
cited other instances of calls made by the South on
the whole Union to maintain slavery and slave-
trading and slave-breeding, and yet gentlemen came
here and said i^was the North that brought the agi-
tation of the question here.
He said he spoke the opinions of Henry Clay,
and the whole whig party, when he said that this
government had no power over the institution of
slavery. He also avowed that he declared the sen-
timents of the whigs of Virginia, as declared in the
whig address to the people. He quoted the senti-
ments expressed in our declaration of independence
in relation to freedom and equality, and asked how
different was the attitude in which we were present-
ed to the world by the correspondence of the late
Mr. Upshur and Mr. Calhoun. It was an attitude
of degradation. We were represented as attempt-
ing, aided by France, to overthrow the doctrines of
'76. Then we supported freedom; but now we were
represented as supporting slavery. As a northern
man, and in the na'me of the people of the Noith,
he felt bound to deny that that was our object or at-
titude. If there was a man in the State of Ohio
who advocated the doctrines which the correspond-
ence referred to set forth, that man would be dis-
countenanced by all parties in that State.
As such sentiments, however, would be taken as
the sentiments of the North, unless they were de-
nied, he there gave his solemn denial of their truth,
and asserted that they were a violation of the funda-
mental principles of the constitution.
But one feature of the correspondence, not here-
tofore alluded to, was the economical bearings of
slavery on the people of this government. Slavery
was represented as an economical institution, which
he (Mr. G.) denied. It had also been represented
as moral; but in either case, he hoped the South
would not involve the people of the North in their
"economical" or "moral" institution. But what
were its economical bearings? He took the free
inhabitants of this country at fifteen millions of
people, and tke slave population at two and a half
millions. Now, in the case of an invasion by a for-
eign power, what would be the effect of that eco-
nomical institution? He went through a detailed
statement to show that it would require five millions
of people to take care of and guard the two and a
half millions of slaves; for, as they were scattered
over the numerous slave States, two pefsons would
be required to guard one slave, unless they could
be collected together in a smaller area. He then
spoke of the increase of the army and the navy for
the support of slavery and to keep the slaves in sub-
jection; and thus the freemen of the North poured
out their blood and treasure to keep human beings
in bondage and breed slaves for southern States. It
was unjust towards the North that this should be
so. He then noticed the productiveness of the pub-
lic Iands in the North over the South. The public
lands in the South had not repaid the cost, while
those in the North had put millions of dollars into
the treasury. In Virginia, the land of Washington
and of Jefferson, one of her most talented sonshad
said, there was a vast menagerie where men, in the ,
likeness of their God, were bred for the market.
And look at the effect of this economical institution
oil that State. Look at her exhausted plan-
tations, at her dilipidated buildings, the
general want of thrift, and the absence
of prosperity. Such was the effeet of the economi
cal institution. In that connection, too, he noticed
the post office expenditure, the profits of the routes
in the free States having to be spent in supporting
the mail department for the slave States. He also
spoke of the expenditures on forts and fortifications
in the slave States, which were built by slave labor;
and then he quoted some authority to show thatone
white free man would perform the work of two
slaves; and thus the "economical" institution was an
unjust burden on the free States, as the public trea- .
sure, which alike belonged to the free as to the slave
States, was spent in the employment of that labor
that would be more than sufficient if the persous
employed were free.
Would to God he had the language to express his
ideas on the subject of this economical and moral in-
stitution. The various shades of complexion spoke
to him plainly of what were theirmorals. But very
recently an advertisement had appeared in the Globe
and the National Intelligencer describing "a "young
woman nearly white, with straight hair, and accom-
plished manners;" and yet they talked of decency,
and their morals. Within the first ten days after he
arrived here he saw a scene which never would be
erased from his memory. A man, not white, but
nearer white than black, the slave of a family here,
was told by his mistress that she found it necessary
to dispose of him; and he was to be disposed of be-
cause he was a man of intelligence and a man of
mind. He was to be sold, although he had a wife
and several small children, to whom he was at-
tached; he remonstrated with his owner, and said
that he could not survive a separation from his family;
but what was the characteristic of that moral institu-
tion? Why, there was no escape for him. He then
drew a knife and attempted to cut his throat, but his
arm was arrested. He then sprang through the door
and ran to yonder muddy canal, where he termina-
ted his life rather than endure the pain of being sep-
arated from his wife and little ones. That was the
morals of slavery. If gentlemen wanted further
proofs, if they would but give him a committee he
would show them in abundance. But he had a fur-
ther illustration: A woman with her two children
was torn from her home and friends and husband,
and immured in that building, which stands a living
monument to stamp disgrace on this Union, until
the day of her departure arrived.
There, where thus incarcerated, with no eye but
that of her two small children and of God upon her,
she looked back to her home, her friends, and cast
her eye forward to that deep and damning indigna-
tion to which, with her children, she was to be con-
signed; and while thus contemplating the horrors of
hor situation, her reason tottered, she became a
maniac, took from her children their own lives, and
lushed unbidden into the presence of God. And
this was the morality which the President of the
United States and his Secretary of State argued in
the face of the world, and to sustain which they at-
tempted to commit this nation! He shrunk from it
