174
CdNGilESSlONAL GtOBfc.
as in the least a committal in favor of its provisions,
or any of them. It was not a test question, nor could
it be made so. Courtesy required that they should re-
ceive and refer it. All of the other propositions on
this great quesiion had been received and referred
without objection, or any question being raised up-
on their reception. Some of them contained pro-
visions and details, he would not vote for, yet he had
no objection to their being received and considered.
Nor had any other gentlemen done so; and he
could see no]good reason why they should act differ-
ently on the preliminary questions arising out of
this one. True, this was much more objectionable
than any other now before the committee; yet he
said they could reject the bad and take the good it
mightcontain, ifit contained any good at all; and they
had the power in this House—he meant the num-
bers—which would enable them to do so. Suppose,
however, said he, we should be out voted m the
House: then surely we would be beaten in committee.
If there was a majority in favor of this bill and its
provisions, we should be beaten, and could not
help ourselves. The gentleman from New York,
[Mr. Robinson,] if rejected to-day, will have a right
to move his bill in Committee of the Whole on the
state of the Union, as an amendment; and if there
be a majority in its favor, they can vote down all
other propositions and fasten this one upon us. So,
then, under no aspect of this question, could we be
benefited. If, said Mr. H., we can reject it in the
House, we can do the same in committee; and if
they had the majority to vote it in com-
mittee, they would do it. But that we would
havejto vote upon it, said Mr. H., there could be
no doubt or question, if it's friends persisted in ur-
ging it. If this could be made a test vote, in which
the House and the country would acquiesce, and it
were not an unusual course to pursue, he would say
let it come, and let us meet it; but if it should be re-
jectedhere, it would be presented in committee, where
'we would again have to vote upon it; and as the
mover only desires it to go to the committee, he
thought courtesy and sound policy required the
House to send it there. A different course, in my
opinion, said Mr. H., would weaken us here and in
the country, on the question of annexation. I de-
sire, said Mr. H., to give no pretext to gen-
tlemen to say that we only receive a particu-
lar class of bills, rejecting such as might em-
anate from other sections. He was sure his col-
league desired to do only what he considered right
and proper. He must say, however, he thought his
opposition was premature, and calculated to do
no good. He intended to vote for the reception and
reference of the bill. He would trespass ho longer
upon the kindness of the House.
Mr. PAYNE observed that he had not much to
say in regard to this matter. But one thing was
very certain; he came to a very different conclusion
from his colleague [Mr. Houston] in regard to the
proper course for him to pursue, and that from the
same reasons which he had urged against this bill.
With his colleague, he was opposed to the bill in all
its features; and hot only was he opposed to it but,
but he took this occasion to state, any other
bill which had similar provisions. He was opposed
to this bill on principle, being determined to oppose
it now or hereafter, and desiring, at least, to see
some expression of the House on this subject, that
it might be seen how many members of this House
were in favor of the provisions contained in this
bill. Therefore, he hoped to see it rejected;
and while up, he took the occasion to make a few
more remarks on this subject. The other day,
when in committee, he was discussing the question
of the annexation of Texas; he was about entering
upon the consideration of that system of legislation
which marked the course of gentlemen here—a sys-
tem about which, however others here might feel,
he was peculiarly sensitive? Why, what were the
facts?
Your country, said Mr. P., is divided North and
South. There are certain institutions existing in
one section which do not exist m the other; and it
need not be disguised, and it might as well be stated,
that the country might know it, that every system
of legislation which has been pursued in the House
for years past has for its object an interference with
these institutions. What are the facts? Here is a
proposition for extending the area of freedom, and
spreading the blessings of our free and glorious in-
stitutions over a vast territory: and, instead of meet-
ing it on its merits, involving the extension of our
limits, involving the extension of the principles of
civil and religious liberty, and involving the happi-
ness of unborn millions, he saw gentlemen rising
in their places and harping on the worn-out theme
of slavery. Gentlemen were discussing this great
fuestion in reference to the abolition of slavery,
'hat was their object, and it was in vain to disguise
it. Looking at this proposition of the gentleman
from New York, [Mr. Robinson,] and seeing the
design that was m it to distract and divide the
friends of Texas on the question of slavery, he ob-
jected to its introduction, and he should now vote
for its rejection. He wished to let the world know,
and let the people of the United States know, what
was the course of legislation here in regard to this
subject. This was an important question; and if
Congress continued to legislate as it had heretofore
done, it would produce results to this Union which
every lover of his country must deprecate.
Look at the course which had been pursued by
gentlemen here in regard to the annexation of Tex-
as. Who was it that opposed Texas, that had not
done so on the ground of the existence of slavery
there? Here was a proposition directly intended to
effect the object which these anti-slavery gentlemen
had so much at heart, and was in perfect keeping
with the system of legislation to which he advert-
ed; and he wished the people he represented to know
and understand it. He wished them to know, and
mark the quarter from whence it came. That was
an important matter for them to understand. Future
events depended on it, and the people should know
it in time. He did not know that there was any-
thing like a little President making in this question.
He aid not charge that there was; but he wished the
people to understand and mark the quarter from
whence it came. For his part, it should be his test
vote; he would vote to reject it, and he should never
depart from that vote. Even were his constituents
to instruct him to vote for it, he would not do so,
but would resign his seat in that House, and let them
send another representative.
Mr. SAUNDERS observed that, if this was the
only proposition of the kind, it might be made a
test question; but it must occur to his friend from
Alabama that it could not be made a test question
for the reason he had stated. There were many
here—and he was one of the number—who were
disposed to receive all the propositions that might be
made on this subject, that they might be referred to
the Committee of the Whole, in order to ascertain
whether some of them might not be moulded into a
shape to suit a majority of the committee. He
should vote against the rejection of this proposition,
in order that it might take its chance in Committee
of the Whole with the rest. He did not believe that
the gentlemen who came from the same State that
the introducer of this bill, did intended to vote for
every proposition in it. He should therefore vote
for referring this bill to the Committee of the Whole,
and treating it in the same manner as every other
proposition that had been presented to the House.
Mr. DROMGOOLE observed that it was unusual
in parliamentary proceedings to make objections to
a bill on its second reading, particularly by those
friendly to the principles contained in it. It was
sometimes the case that the enemies of a bill object-
ed to it on its second reading, with a view of bring-
ing it to a direct vote, and, at this early stage, before
it could be moulded into a shape to suit all its friends,
produce distraction and division among them, and
by this means defeat it. He understood the object
of the gentleman from Pennsylvania in making the
motion he did was, to bring the House to a direct
vote on the bill, and thus distract and divide the
friends of the main principle contained in it; and he
was therefore astonished that his friend from Ala-
bama should have been willing to play into the
hands of his enemies. In voting for the leference of
this bill to the Committee of the Whole 011 the state
of the Union, he should by no means commit him-
self to its support. He should rather suppose
that, in voting for the rejection of the bill, he should
incur the suspicion of being hostile to the principle
contained in it. Further, he would eonstder it dis-
courteous to the gentleman who introduced the
measure to reject it without allowing it the same
chance of amendment that had been given to the
others. He, therefore, as a friend to the extension
of the limits of this Union, and to the extension of
the princip'es of our glorious confederation, would
vote against the rejection of this bill as a matter of
courtesy to the mover of ■*. if die question was
now on the final passage of the bill, he should v >!e
against it, as it did not accord with his views cn the
subject; but as a friend to the principle contained in
it, he should vote to give the mover an opportunity
of putting it in a shape that might prove acceptable
to the House. Mr. D. concluded by moving the
previous question; but withdrew the motion at the
request of
Mr. ANDREW STEWART, who observed
that the gentleman from Virginia was right in
supposing that his object was to bring the House
to a direct vote, and thus defeat the bill. That
was his motive, and there was nothing wrong
in it. His object was, by bringing the House
to a direct vote, to ascertain whether it was
the intention of those who advocated the annex-
ation of Texas to extend the glorious principles of
liberty, as the gentleman from Virginia expressed
it, or to extend and perpetuate the institution of
slavery. He thought that a direct vote woiJd do
it, and it was with that view that he made his mo-
tion. He could not vote for this bill, though he
considered it the most unexceptionable of the prop-
positions that had been offered on this subject.^
He was opposed to any further compromises of the
constitution. The South had already a representa-
tion for three-fifths of their slaves; "so that a
southern man, with five hundred slaves, would
have as many votes as three hundred of the
freemen of the North. He was willing to abide
by the constitution as it was, but he never
would agree to extend the slavery compromise in it
to another country. Mr. S. further objected to the
annexation of Texas because he did not believe
' there was any power in the constitution to incorpo-
rate a foreign-territory with ours. If John Tyler
could purchase Texas, John Tyler could sell the
United States to Texas, or to England, or to France.
He further contended that territory could not be ac-
quired by an act of Congress; and that the acquisi-
tion of territory belonged only to the treaty-making
power. He thought this country was not prepared
to admit Texas, with the institution of slavery ex-
tending over the whole country. 1
He had no desire to admit Texas to this Union
with all her debts; and to bring this House to a
direct vote on the questions involved, he had made
the motion now pending; and he could not imagine
how the gentleman from North Carolina [Mr.
Saunders,] and the gentleman from Alabama [Mr.
Pavne] could vote consistently against his motion
for the rejection of the bill. He concluded by
moving the previous question.
Mr. D. L. SEYMOUR desired the gentleman
from Pennsylvania to withdraw the motion for the
previeus question, to give him an opportunity to
make an explanation.
Mr. STEWART assented, on condition that the
gentleman from New York would renew it.
Mr. HOPKINS protested against these arrange-
ments between members as an infringement on the
rights of other members.
Mr. SEYMOUR said the manner in which the
gentleman from Pennsylvania had advocated his
motion, rather than that motion itself, had made it
necessary that he should say a few words. If the
question were on the final passage of the bill intro-
duced, believing as he did that this Congress had
no constitutional power, by any legislative action, to
acquire foreign territory, he should feel constrained
to vote against the bill; but he understood the object
of those who would vote against the rejection of this
bill to be that it should be read a second time, that it
might be referred to the Committee of the Whole
on the State of the Union, and there be considered as
all other propositions were; and he should not re-
gard the vote now to be given as any expression of
opinion 011 the merits of the bill itself. With these
■news, he should vote against the rejection of the
bill. He thought such a couise was due to his col-
hasrue who introduced the bill. He did not
believe, bcca^se this bill mi^bt provide
for a division of territory in a manner some-
what different from other bills which bad been
introduced, Riving a larger portion of it to freedom
than others proposed to •!<>. that it should, on that
account, be rejected; and he must say that he was
surprised that the gentleman from Pennsylvania,
[Mr. Stewart,] coming, as he did, from a free
State, should make a motion for the rejection of this
bill, without giving to it any consideration. Hoping
that the bill wouM be printed, and that it would be
sent to the Committee of the Whole, he should vote
against the motion to 1 eject the bill, and, agree-
ably v uh his promise, he renewed the previous
question.
Air. PAYNR desired the gentleman from'New
York to withdraw that motion, to give him an op-
portunity to make an explanation.
