CONGRESSIONAL GlofcE.
US
Mr. SEYMOUR assented, on condition that he
would renew it.
- Mr. SCHENCK rose to a question of order. He
said it was not in the power of a member to move
the previous question, and then yield the floor to an-
other, because it takes away from the presiding of-
ficer of this House the right to designate the mem-
ber who was entitled to the floor, and gives it to a
member. A further reason was, that such a system
prevented the House from ordering the. main ques-
tion to be now put, and left it in the power of a
single member to defeat that question, and the pur-
pose of the House, by arrangements of this sort.
The SPEAKER explained thnt the gentleman
from New York had withdrawn the motion for the
previous question, which it was competent for him
to do; and the floor had been awarded to the gentle-
man from Alabama, who was entitled to it.
Mr. PAYNE said he rose to make a personal ex-
planation; and he should like to see if any gentle-
man would be so discourteous as to refuse him per-
mission to make it. His friend from Virginia [Mr.
DromgooleJ seemed to think that he had been
duped on this subject; if so, his friend was laboring
under an egregrious mistake.
Mr. DROMGOOLE was understood to say, that
he had simply said the gentleman was playing into
the haads of the enemy.
Mr. PAYNE said he did not understand the dif-
ference between being dup'etl and playing into the
hands of the enemy; for, with his well known opin-
ions, he must be duped to do so. But he would take
occasion to say that he was not duped. Pie knew
of no better means by which he could express his
opinion of a measure that by voting against it, and
then the record would be the best evidence of the
course he took; and he should record his vote against
this measure because he was opposed to it. To set
himself right on this point, he had desired to make
this explanation; he knew not if other gentlemen
likewise desired to explain; but, for himself, he
ooked at the proposition now before the House as
directly inimical to annexation. It was designed to
distract the friends of annexation, and not to bring
Texas into this Union. Believing that it was de-
signed to defeat annexation, he was opposed to this
scheme, and he hoped the friends of annexation
would stand side by side, and shoulder to shoulder,
with him on that subject. He concluded by renew-
ing the motion for the previous question.
Mr. ATKINSON desired to make a personal ex-
planation. [No, no!] He put to the courtesy of
the House if they would deny that privilege to him,
since it had been extended to others. The plan
which had been adopted here of making speeches,
and then rutting of others by the previous question,
was insufferable. [Laughter and confusion.]
The SPEAKER informed the gentleman from
Virginia that, as the motion for the previous qaes-
tion was not withdrawn, debate was not jn order.
Mr. ATKINSON said he simply desired to make
a personal explanation.
Mr. PAYNE asked the gentleman from Virginia
if he had made a speech which he desired to ex-
plain.
Mr. ATKINSON replied that he had made no
speech on this question; but it was as important to
him that he should explain his course to his con-
stituents as it was to the gentleman from Alabama.
The SPEAKER again reminded the gentleman
from Virginia that debate was not in order.
Mr. ATKINSON said then be would move to be
excuscd from voting, and on that question he would
submit a few remarks te the House. [Laughter,
and cries of "No! no!''] Gentlemen said "no;1' but
show him the man in this House, representing a
portion of the constituency of this House, that
would deny it to him. [Laughter and confusion.]
TheSPEAKERputthe question on seconding the
demand for the previous question, and 76 voted in
the affirmative.
Mr- HAMLIN called for tellers, and they were
ordered; and Messrs. Burke and Grinxei.l were
appointed.
They reported 71 in the affirmative, and 97 in the
negative.
So there was not a second.
Mr. ATKINSON then proceeded to pay that he
was happy that, according to the rubs of the Houae
and parliamentary usage, and not by the courtesy
of any one, he could now submit a few remarks to
the House, for the purpose of putting himself right
before the people whom he represented in regard to
the question now under consideration. He would
not trouble the House upon thus great and import-
ant Texas question—not because he was not as
much alive to its importance to the people of this
Union as other gentlemen; but he should ,confine
himself to the question of its rejection. He was as
much opposed to that bill as any one there,
and he was opposed to all other measures
•which should say to Texas that she might come into
this Union, but should restrict the people of the
States to he admitted, in the adoption of such muni-
cipal regulations as they might prefer. He went on
at some length in the expression of views of this
character, and said he should vote against the rejec-
tion of this bill, that it might go to the Committee of
the Whole, and there be made more agreeable to the
feelings which were entertained by nearly all ,the
friends of annexation.
Mr. C. JOHNSON thought if they were to have
Texas speeches, they should have them in Com-
mittee of the Whole. He therefore moved the pre-
vious question.
The House sustained the previous question; and,
on the main question—the rejection of the bill—the
yeas and nays were taken as follows—yeas 63, nays
117.
YEAS—-Messrs. Abbot, Arrington, Ashe, Barnard, Ed-
ward J. Black, Cower, Jeremiah Brown, Butfmgton, Burt,
Reuben Chapman, Augustus A. Chapman, Clinch, Cling-
man, Cranston, Cross, Daniel, Darragh, Garrett Davis, Del-
let, Fish, Florence, French, Goggin," Under, Haralson, Hub-
did, Hudson, Hughes, Joseph It Ingcrsoll, Irvin, Perley B.
Johnson, Doniel P. King, Lucas. Lumpkin, McConnell,
Marsh, Edward J. Morris, Freeman H. Morse, Moseley,
Payne, Peyton, Preston, Charles I\I. Reed, Roberts, Rock-
well, Rodney, Schenck, Severance, Slidell, Albert Smith,
Caleb B. Smith, Stephens, Andrew Stewart, Summers,
Thomasson, Tucker, Tyler, Vance, Wethered, John White,
Woodward, William Wnght, and Yancey—tift.
NAYS—Messrs Adams, Anderson, Atkinson, Baker, Bay-
ly, Benton, James Black, James A. Black, Blackwell, Bow-
lin, Boyd, Brengle, Brinkerhoft, Aaron V. Brown, Milton
Brown, Burke, Caldwell, Carpenter, Jeremiah E. Cary,
ShepardCary, Catlin, Chappell, Chilton, Clinton, Cobb,
Coles, Collamer, Dana, Richard D.Davis, JohnW. Davis,
Dean, Dillingham, Dromgoole, Duncan, Dunlap, Ellis,
Farlee, Ficklin, Foot, Foster, Fuller, Gldding*, By ram
Green, Grinnell, Hale, Hannibal Hamlin, Edward S. Ham-
lin, ilamrnett, Harper, Henley, Hernck, Hoge, Hopkins,
Houston, James B. Hunt, Charles J. Ingersoll, Jameson,
Jenks, Cave Johnson, Andrew Johnson. Andrew Kennedy,
Preston King, Kirkpatnck, Labranche, Lyon, McCauslen,
Maclay, McClelland, McClernand, McDowell, McJlvame,
McKay, Joseph Morris, Murphy, Newton, Norris, Parmen-
ter, Paterson, Pettit, Pollock, Elisha R. Potter, Emery D.
Potter, Pratt, Purdy, Rathbun, DavidS. Beid, Rertipg, Relic,
Hitter, Robinson, Rogers, Russell, Sample, Saundeis, Sen-
ter, Thomas H Seymour, David, L Seymour, Simons,
John T. Smith, Thomas Smith, Robeit Smith, Steenrod,
Stetson, Stiles, James W. Stone, Alfred P Stone, Stiong,
Sylccs, Thompson, Tibhatts, Tilden, Vanmeter, Wentworth,
Whcaton, Benjamin White, Williams, Winthrop, Joseph A.
Wright, and "V'obt--117.
So the bill was not rejected.
The bill was then rend a second time.
And, on motion of Mr. CAVE JOHNSON, was
referred to the Committee of the Whole on the state
of the Union.
OHIO RESOLUTIONS—TEXAS AND OREGON.
Mr. TILDEN asked and obtained leave to intro-
duce the following resolutions of the general assem-
bly of Ohio:
preamble and resolutions relative to tiie an-
nexation of texas.
Whereas it is believed that the President of the United
States., \\ ith a majority of his cabinet and confidential ad-
visers. many members of both branches of the Congress of
the United States, the President and Vice President elect,
the government of the republic oi Texas, the holders of
many millions of Texian stocks, and the owners of many
millions of acres of Texian land, and a large proportion of
the dealers in slaves in the United States and Texas, togeth-
ei with those citizens of the C nited States who desire the
extension nnd perpetuation of slaver) , are in lavor of the
immediate annexation of Texas to the Lnited States of
America, and are exerting their influence to effect that ob-
jcet: And whereas the constitution of the United States has
made no provision for incorporating foreign nations into our
Union: And wlierea-. Texas is engaged in a war with Mexi-
co, is laigely indebted, and olleisno adequate indemnity
for our assumption to pay it: And whereas the great social,
political, and moi-al e\ il of slavery is restored m Texas by
her constitution, and is tolerated and legalized there, with
no power m the government to abolish jt: Therefore,
jRepaired ' y tlu a.'una I assembly oj the State of Ohio, That
we do solemnly and earnestly protest against any proceed-
ing of the l,o\einment oi the United States, or ai.y lii,:n;h
oT department thrreot, having for its o'tjeet the annexation
ot Texas to the United. States; because, 1st, such piocced-
n'f?< would be unconstitutional. 2d Because it v. ould m-
oh e our country in a w ar with Mexii o without just came.
•M Because ir would make our countn liable for the debts
of Fc-xas, wit'iout any sufficient mucmnitj. 4th Become
it would involve us in the guilt, and subject our country to
the reproach, of eh<uishmg\ sustaining, and perpetuating
the evils of slavery. 5th; Because a union between the
[ 'nited States and 1 ex as with the guaranty or understand
ing that the whole, or any part of the territory of Texas
•-hall be formed into a State or States where slavery shall
be permitted to exist, and where slavery shall be counted m
determining the relative weight of such States in the coun-
cils of the federal Union, would still further extend the un-
due advantage which the citizens of the slaveholdiag States
have over those of the States in which slavery is not per-
mitted.
Resolved, That our senators in Congress be instructed,
and our representatives requested to conform to the forego-
ng resolution, and use their utmost endeavors to prevent
the annexation of Texas to the United States. And be it
further
Resolved, That the governor be requested to transmit to
each of our senators and representatives in Congress, and
to the governors of the several States of this Union, a
copy of the forgoing preamble and resolutions.
yJ JOHN M. GALLAGHER,
Speaker of the House of Representatives. -
DAVID CHAMBERS,
Speaker of the Senate.
January 17, 1845.
Mr. McDOWELL rose and inquired if the res-
olution contained the word "instruct'" He' hetd al-
ways understood the whigs of Ohio to deny the
right of instruction by the legislature.
The Clerk again read that part of the resolution,
(as appears above.)
Mr. T. also; on leave, introduced the following:
Resolved, by the general assembly of the State of Ohio,
That our senators and representatives in Congress be re-
quested to exert themselves, by all means in their power,
to bring to a speedy termination the negotiations pending
in relation to the title of the government of the United
States to the Oregon Territory, and to take such measures
as they may think necessary to secure to the American Set-
tlers therein the blessings of peace, and the protection of
their lives and property.
And be it further resolved, That we protest in the most
solemn manner against the surrender, by compromise or
otherwise, of the smallest portion of territory to which the
the United St3tes has j'nst r.iaim and title
Resolved, That the governor be requested to forward a
copy of the iorcgoing resolutions to each of our senators
and representatives in Congress.
JOHN M. GALLAGHER,
Speaker of the House of Representatives.
DAVID CHAMBERS,
Speaker of the Senate.
Jani'ary 9, 1845.
Both which series of resolutions, on motion of
Mr. TILDEN, were referred to the Committee of
the Whole on the state of the Unio^i, and ordered to
be printed.
RE ANNEXATION OF TEXAS.
On motion of Mr. C. JOHNSON, the House re-
solved itself into Commiitee of the Whole on the
state of the Union, (Mr. Hopkins in the chair,)
and renewed the consideration of the joint resolu-
tion, with the amendments thereto, providing for the
reannexation of Texas to the United States.
Mr. RATHBUN was entitled to the floor. After
referring to the interest and the importance which
was felt on all sides of this House, as well as
throughout the country, he proceeded to say it was
true that there had been offered some weighty rea-
sons for the annexation of Texas. It was true that
her valuable lands that the increase of our com-
merce resulting from her annexation, that the prod-
ucts of her fertile soil, were great and important con-
siderations in favor of the annexation of Texas to
this Union These, to his mind, would be abun-
dant reasons for voting for the annexation of
Texas, if it were not encumbered with any other
consideration, but it was embarrassed with difficaj-
ties, which, in his portion of the country, were of
serious weight.
There were other arguments used in favor of an-
nexation, which, to his mind, although emanating
from high authorities, yet were not entitled to seri-
ous consideration. One of these was familiarly
called in this House the military argument. While
he treated with all due respect and consideration the
opinions of those distinguished men who had given
their views on this subject, he must be permitted
to dissent entirely from them. To meet the au-
thorities cited, and to show opinions as good, as
valid, as deliberately formed as any expressed on
the present occasion in favor of that argument, he
had before him a letter written in 1820 by General
Andrew Jackson, while yet the laurels won on the
battle-field were fresh on his brow—while yet he
was in all the prime and vigor of manhood—while
yet the epaulets of major general of the army
were upon him, and when he spoke from a most
intimate and immediate acquaintancewith the whole
subject, in a military view. He read from that let-
ter (which was published in the Globe of Monday)
the following extract:
"With the Kioridas in our possession, our fortifications
completed, Orituns, the great empoiium of the West, is se-
cure. 'I he Floridas m possession oi a foreign power, you
can be invaded, 3 our foitification* turned, the Mississippi
reached, and the lower country reduced. Fiom Tixas, an
invading tut my u ill ncer attemj-t '•in A an enttipiice; if he
does, notwithstanding all that has been said and asserted
on the floor of Congress on this subject, 1 will vouch thai
the invader will pay for his temerity.'"
