178
CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
we acquired Florida, and at the same time quit-
claimed Texas, be observed with reference to Tex-
as, as not only good faith but consistency required.
Mr. P. briefly referred to the constitutional ques-
tion, denying that Congress had the power.to annex
foreign territory, and referring to Mr. Jefferson as
authority therefor; and was proceeding further to
argue that this annexation scheme cotild not be sus-
tained under that clause of the constitution which
authorized Congress to admit new States into the
Union, as this referred to territory already in our
possession, and not foreign territory, out of which
such States were to be formed, when his remarks
were terminated by the expiration of the allotted
hour.
Mr. HARALSON was successful above many
competitors in obtaining the floor; and it being at a
late hour, he moved that the committee rise.
The question was taken, and the vote stood—
ayes 25, noes 42; no quorum voting.
Mr. ADAMS demanded that the committee rise
and report that fact to the House; which was ac-
cordingly done.
Mr. HAMLIN moved a call of the House, re-
marking that he had been opposed to limiting the
time for this debate as they had done, but that he
wished it, short as it was, improved, to give himself
and other gentlemen who desired an opportunity to
speak.
On the motion Mr. H. demanded the yeas and
nays, which were ordered; and, being taken, re-
sulted—yeas 48, nays 45; (no quorum still.)
Before the call was proceeded with,
Mr. YIJNiTON moved that the House adjourn.
Mr. D. L. SEYMOUR called for the yeas and
nays; which were ordered.
The question was then taken, and decided in the
affirmative—yeas 46, nays 44. So
The House adjourned.
The following notices of petitions presented to-
day, were handed to the reporters by the members
presenting them:
By Mr. UATHBUN: The petition of Amos Snyder, esq ,
and others, citizens of Wayne county, New York, for the
improvement of Little Sodus harbor, on Lake Ontario, New
"Yoik: referred to the Committee on Commerce. The re-
monstrance of John W. Sawyer and others, of Cayuga coun-
ty, New York, against the annexation of Texas- referred to
the Committee ol the Whole on the state of the Union.
Also, a petition of David Thomas and others, to abolish the
lranking privilege, and to reduce postage 021 all half ounce
letters to two cents, if pre-paid: referred to the Committee
on the Post Ofiice and Post Roads.
By Mr. WHEATON: The memorial of B. F. Street, IIer>
;ty G. Gage, and 66 other citJzens of the county of Ononda
ga, New York, against the annexation of Texas to the
United States, unless slavery be abolished within its limits:
referred to to the Committee on Foreign Relations. Aho,
the petition of B. F Sneet, Henry H. Gage, and 64 other
citizens of Onondaga county, New York, praying for the
abolition of slavery in the District of Columbia'and the Ter
ntories of the United States: referred to the Committee for
the District of Columbia.
By Ivlr. B. GREEN: Tlie memorial of 34 citizens of the
town of Phelps, county of Ontario. New York, remonstrat-
mg^against the annexation of Texas.
By Mr. TJBBATTS: The petition of Charles Ross and
numerous steamboat owners and officers, merchants, 'tra-
ders and producers, and citizens of the valley of the Ohio
and A3 ississsippi, praying thatCongress may pass a law au-
thorizing the purchase of the individual stock in the Louis-
ville and Portland canal, for the purpose of making the
same free of toll, exccpt such a charge on boats as is
necessary to manage and and attend the same.
By Mr. MACLAY: The memorial of the pursers in the
United States navy for assimilated or relative military lank.
By Mr. McCAUSLlN: The petitions of sundry citizens
from Ohio, praying for a mail route from Washington,
Pennsylvania, to Cleavelanc*, via "Wellsville: referred to the
Committee on the Tost Ofiice and Post Iloads. The petition
of members of the bar other citizens of New Lisbon, Ohio,
praying for a division ofthe State'mto two judicial districts:
relerred to the Committee on the Judiciary.
By Mr. LABRANCHE: The petiti >nR. \Y. Boyd, clerk in
the office of the surveyor general of Louisiana, praying
compensation for extra services.
By Mr. RELFE: The petition of the citizens of Benton,
Polk, and Xiangua counties, in Missouri, asking the estab-
lishment of a post route from Warsaw, in Benton county,
to Buffalo, in the county of Niangua. Also the petition of
135 cituen-s oi Newton and Jasper counties, in the Stote of
Missouri, asking the establishment of a post joute from
Bolivar, in Polk county, by Oreeutield, (the coi'nty seat of
Dade county,) thence by Oakland college, and the tow n of
ftarcoxie, to Neosho, the county seat of Newton; which
•were referred to the Committee on the Post Office and Post
Iloads.
By Mr. K1RKPATRICK: The memorial of the P$rlh Am-
boy Manufacturing company, ottering to the government
the patent right to manufacture padlocks: referred to the
Committee on the Post Office and Post Roads.
By Mr. HARPER: The petition of Thomas H. Ganin and
153 other citizens of Belmont county, Ohio, praying for a
reduction of the present rates of postage.
By Mr. SLIDELL: The petition of inhabitants of the par-
ish of Plaquemines, for the grant of a certain tract of land:
deferred to the Committee on Public Lands.
N By Mr. HARALSON: The petition of H. Holt and others,
members of the bar of Columbus, Georgia, in relationto the
printing and distribution of the decisions of the Sugreme
Court of the United States: referred to the Committee on
the Judiciary.
By Mr. WENTWORTH: The petition of Silas Long and
others for retrenchment in all the departments of the gen-
eral government: referred to the Committee of Ways and
Means. The petition of W. D. Parke and others, in Kendall
county, Illinois, for a donation of land ipr the Illinois and
Michigan canal: referred to the Committee of the Whole on
the state of the Union, The petition of Thomas H. Rickey
and others, of Plainiield, Will county, against slavery in the
Territory of Florida: referred to the Committee on Territo-
ries. The petition of Leander Newport and others, of Will
and Grundy counties, for a mail route irom Wilmington,
Will county, viaiMazon, to Pontiac, Livingston county:
referred to the Committee on the Post Office and Post Roads.
The petition of Thomas H. Rickey and others, of Will
county, against the annexation of Texas: referred to the
Committee on Foreign Affairs. The petition ot Harley
Wayne and others for a mail route from Cornishville, via
Dryden, Virgil, and Burns, to Marengo, in McHenry county,
Illinois. The petition of Thomas H. Rickey and others for
the abolition of slavery in the District of Columbia: refer-
red to the Committee lor the District of Columbia. Mr. W.
called up the petition of Jared Buckingham, of Chicaco, for
a pension, referred last session to the Committee on Pen-
sions.
By Mr. J. W. DAVIS: The petition of Philip Evans and
one hundred other citizens of Indiana, asking a mail route
from Natchez, via Memphis, Harrisonville, and Springville,
to Bloomington.
By Mr. FULLER: The petition of Esther Whitney, of
Bradford county, Pennsylvania, prajing for authority to
complete the application of her late husband, Elisha Whit-
ney, now deceased, for a pension: referred to the Committee
on Revolutionary Pensions.
By Mr. BRENGLE: The petition of Gabriel Friend: re-
ferred to the Committee on the Post Office and Post Roads.
By Mr. ARRIGNTON: Tho petition of pilots and citizens
residing near Ocracoke Inlet, North Carolina, praying
Congress for an appropriation for the erection of buoys and
stakes at several channels and shoals on the coasts of North
Carolina: referred to the Committee on Commeicc.
By Mr. JOHN T. SMITH: The petition of James Woods,
and 180 ethers, citizens of Spring Garden, in the county of
Philadelphia, praying for such amendment of the natural-
ization laws, as to make twenty-one years' residence in this
country an indispensable pre-requisite to the naturalization
of foreigners.
By Mr. SAMPLE: The ^petition of William Neff.'of Cin-
cinnati, Ohio, and 400other citizens of that city an11! vicin-
ity, praying the passage of an act granting to the State of
Indiana a quantity of the public lands lying m the Vm-
cennes land district, sufficient to complete the Wabash and
En canal to the Ohio river.
By Mr. HENRY DODGE: The memorial of 100 citizens of
Oneida county, State of New York, asking Congress for an
appropriation for the improvement of the Fox and "Wiscon-
sin rivers, m the Territory, of Wisconsin: referred to the
Committee on Public Londi.
By Mr. CARPENTER: The petition of Dd.\id Foster, and
107 others, citizens of Whitestown, m the State of New
York, against the admission of Texas into the Union: refer-
red to the Committee on Foreign Affairs.
By Mr. HER-Ili'.K: The petition of Hannah Hatch, for
commutation or half pay for the s.-.Tfjces of her late father,
Major Daniel Littlefieid. who was killed in the revolution-
ary war: referred to the Committee on Revolutionary
Claims Also, the petition of Abigent Cole, for the same,
fo? her late father, Captain Daniel Wheelwright, who died
in the service, during the revolutionary war: referred to the
Committee on Revolutionary Claims.
By Mr. S. GARY: The petition of William Hopkins and
others, for the erection of-i light-house upon Spoon Island.in
Maine: referred to the Committee on Commerce.
By Mi. DUNLAP: The petiton of William P.Harmon
and others, of the town of Calais, ;.i the State of Maine,
against the annexation of Texas.
By Mr. C. M. RECD: The memorial of the Hon. James
Thompson, and the citizens of Ene generally, praying Con-
gress will make the appropriation recommended by Colonel
Abert, in his report for continuing the work in improving
the harbor at Erie, on Lake Erie.
By Mr. MTJRPHV: The petition of Clvirles Johnson,
boatswain in the navy ofthe United States, who has become
disabled in Mich service, pravmg lor a pension: referred to
the Committee on Naval Affairs
By Mr. lliVIN: The memorial of a large and respectable
number of the citizens of Holliuaysbunj, Pennsylvania,
pi aymg that, previous to the establishment of a national foun-
dry, an examination oi proposed sites should be made
by competent persons, and their advantages compared before
a location be determined on: and they e^peciall} call the at-
tention of Congress to the peculiar ad\onlages of Holliday&-
burg for such location: referred to the ( omirittee on Milita-
ry Affairs.
By Mr. OWEN: The petition ol Win Darnell and l£36 oth-
ers. praying a reduction of postage and the abolition or ref-
ormation of the franking piivilege.
By J. B. HUNT: The petition of 74 citi/ens of Michigan,
praying a reduction of po^tag'e to two cents for all letters
not cxccciling half an ounce i-i wt ight: rtfened to the Com-
mittee on tho Post Oofiice and Pe^t Iloads
By J. STEWART* The petition 01 inhabitant* of Deiby.
in New Haven county, Connecticut, asking Congress for an
appiopriation to improve thohaibor nt the mouth of the
Housatonic river: reieirfd to the Committee on Com-
merce.
By Mr. ARRINGTON: The petition of pilots und citi?ens
residing near Ocracoke inlet, North Carolina, praying Con-
gress for an appropriation for the erection of buovs and
stakes at several channels and shoals 011 the coast of North
Carolina.
By Mr D. L. SEYMOUR: The petition of Mrs Hetty
Fassett, for a pension: referred to the Committee on Revolu-
tionary Pensions. The petition of sundry inhabitants of the
State of New York, praying the passage of a law amending
the widows'pension law; referred to the Committee of the
Whole on the state ofthe Union, where on the bill is now be*
fore them for that purpose.
By Mr. WEN^wORTII: The petition of A. Getzlerand
others for a grant of land to drain the Kankakee flats and to
bridge the Kankakee river: referred to the Committee on the
Public Lands. The petition of Robert Milne and 250 others,
citizens of Chicago, for a grant of land lor the Illinois and ,
Michigan canal: referred to the Commitee on the Public
Lands.
By Mr. DODGE of Wisconsin: The petition of 105 citi«
zens of Racine county, Territory of Wisconsin, asking
Congress to establish a mail route from the town of Racine
to Betoit, by the way of Burlington, Lyon, Delaware, and
Darien, m said territory: referred to the Committee on the
Post Office and Post Roads. The petition of citizens of the
Stockbridge nation of Indians, asking that an act of Con-
gress may be passed making an appropriation for the pay-
ment of commissioners and others, for making vartition of
the lands of said Indians in accordance with an act of Con-
gress extending to them the right of citizenship: referred
to the Committee on Indian Affairs. The memorial from
citi/.tnfc of the Stockbridge nation of Indians, protesting
against anylchange in the act of Congress extending to
them the right of citizenship: referred to the Committee on
Indian Aflairs. The petition numerously signed by citizens
of the county of Milwaukic, Territory of Wisconsin, asking
the establishment of a mail route from the town of Mil-
waukie through the north part of the towns of Wawaton
and Brookfield. andthe south part of Menomonie, Lisbon,
and Warren, the south part of Delalield to intersect the
mail route at Summit, in said Territory: referred to the Com-
mittee on the Post Office and Post Roads.
By Mr. ROCKWELL: The memorial ofl3 citizens of Lee,
Massachusetts, for the improvement ofthe Fox^and Wiscon-
sin rivers.
By Mr. HUDSON: The petition ofthe town of Westmin-
ster, Massachusetts, against the annexation of Texas.
By Mr STILES: The petition of the Republican Blues,
an organized corps of Savannah, Georgia, prajmg to be
refunded the amount of duty paid 011 the materials im-
ported for a standard: referred to the Committee on (-em
merce.
By Mr. SIMONS: The petition of Lewis Beens and
others, citizens of Fairfield county, an the State of Connec-
ticut, against the annexation of Texas to the United States.
By Mr. SAMPLE: The petition of Beverley Simpson and
numerous others, citizens ol Porter county, Indiana, prav-
ing a grant of the public lands for the completion of a ioad
from Lafayette to Chicago.
IN SENATE.
Thursday, January 23, 1845.
The PRESIDENT pro tem. laid before the Senate
a communication from the Treasury Department,
transmitting, in compliance with a resolution of the
Seriate of the 5th April, 1844, information concern-
ing the quantity of stone furnished the CJmted States
by Richard Lmthicum, to construct certain light-
houses; which was laid on the table.
Mr. ATCHISON presented two petitions from
persons residing in Missouri, praying that the Pal-
myra and Payette land districts may be discontin-
ued, and that a land office be established at Bloom-
ington, Missouri, in lieu thereof: referred to the
Committee on Public .Lands.
Also presented a petition from citizens of Platte
county, Missouri, and officers of the United States
array stationed at Fort Leavenworth, praying the
establishment of a mail route from the town of Wes-
ton to Independence, by way of Fort Leavenworth:
referred to the Committee on the Post Guice and
Roads.
On motion by Mr. JARNAGIN, the Committee
on Revolutionary Claims were discharged from the
further consideration of the petition of Abigail Wad-
ham, the widow of Captain Heman Allen, of the
revolutionary war, asking for tbepayment of certain
advances made by him.
Mr. FOSTER of Tennessee, from the Committee
on Claims, reported a bill for the relief of Captain J.
Throckmorton; which was read, and ordered to a
second reading.
On motion of Mr. FOSTER of Tennessee, the
Committee oil Claims were discharged from the fur-
ther consideration "of the petition of Harvey and
Slagg, praying for the allowance of a drawback on
certain merchandise; and it was referred to the Com-
mittee on Finance.
Also, from the Committee on Claims, made an
adverse report on the* petition of Thomas B.Win-
ston, of Massachusetts, praying to be relieved from
the payment of a judgment obtained against him by
the United States; which was oidered to be minted.
Mr. WQODBRIDGE, from the Committee on
Public Lands, reported back, with an amendment,
and with a recommendation that it do pass, the bill
granting to the State of Illinois the right of way
through the public lands of the United States, and
for other purposes.
Mr. ARCHER, from the Committee on Foreign
Relations, reported back, without amendment, the
bill authorizing the sale of the two Arabian horses,
presented by tne Imaum of Museat to the Consul
at Zanzebar.
