CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
179
Mr. ASHLEY presented a petition from Charles
C. Scott and 50 others, of Wuchita county, Arkan-
sas, praying for the establishment of a mail route
from Little Rock, Arkansas, to Meriden, Louisiana.
Also, a petition from Bayley Watts, and other citi-
zens of Clark county, Arkansas, praying for the es-
tablisment of a mail route from Little Rock to
Camden; which were referred to the Committee on
the Post Office and Pot>t Roads.
Mr. FOSTER of Tennessee, on leave, intro-
duced a bill providing fur the appointment of a com-
mission J or the adjustment of claims of citizens of
the United States on the republic of Mexico. Also
a joint resolution in regard to the claims of Ameri-
can citizens upon the government of Mexico; which
were severally read twice, and referred to the Com-
mittee on Foreign Relations.
Mr. HUNTINGTON gave notice that he would
to-morrow ask leave to introduce a bill explanatory
of the act of 1839, making appropriation for the civil
and diplomatic expenses of government.
Mr. JARNAG1N submitted the following reso-
lution; which, under the rule, lies one day on the
table, viz:
Rtwieed, That tlie Secretary of War inform the Senate
VIt c°ntracts liave heretofore been >iude for the removal
ot the Choctaw Indians rem,limw? v est of the Mississippi,
that nc furnish a copy of rf.ll such contracts, whether any
advertisements were made of the intention ot the ^ovorn-
juent to make sue!) contacts; and what amount of money
has been advanced to contractors; when, and to whom; and
whether or not there is> any contiact, agieenient. or un-
derstanding that the contractors aie to have any additional
allowances lor ferriages or other causes, arid, if to, what-
and, al&o, what step;* have been taken by the contiactors for
the remo\al of the said Indians.
Mr. HUNTINGTON, submitted the following
resolution; which lies one day on the table, under the
rule, viz:
Resolved, That the Committee on Finance be instructed
to inquire into the expediencj of providing, by jaw, that no
person designated as assistant collector or clei k, shall exer-
ci&e any ol the powers, or perform any of the duties of col-
lector of the, customs, or in any manner act officially for or
in behalf oi such collector; and that no person shall exer-
cise such powers or perform such duties, who shall not pre-
vious thereto have given bonds, with surety, to the accept-
ance of the Secretary of the Treasury, and also have taken
and subscribed an oath or affirmation for the faithful per-
formance of all such powers and duties as may be exercised
or performed by him lor ami in behalf of such collector.
The following resolution, introduced by Mr.
Huntington yesterday, was considered and agreed
to, viz:
Resolved, That the Postmaster (ieneial be directed to
intoi m the Senate whether the amount of revenue of the Post
Office Department from postages, fines, and miscellaneous
ipeceipts, winch accrued between the 4th of March, 18-11,
and the 30th of June, JS4t, exclusive of the sum of four hun-
dred ^ind niiK t-n thousand six hundu'd and fitty-seven
dollars, or ol « n\ part thereof, appiopriated !>y an act enti-
tled An act to make appiopuations foi the Post Office De-
partment, approved September 9tb, 1811, has been sufficient
to defray the cunent expenst ^ of the department during
that period, am! if not. what is the amount of the deficiency,
and whethei it exceeds oi falls shori of the sum still uncol-
lected, and supposed to be eolloelable. of the revenue of the
department which h it* accrued dnung said period, and the
amount ol such excess or deficiency'
On motion of Mr. WOODBURY,
Rtiolvt'd, That, lor the com einein e of repot tni£ the prw-
reedinars of th« !?ena e, *o\ copies ol the eaiendei of bnsi-
ne-'') .iiiv! ot the punted bill.* be laid on the repoi to desk*.
Mi*. BAGBY asked foi the postponement of the
pre\ious ciders, with the view of taking up the bill
for the relief of the legal representatives of James H.
£".11; but on the suggestion of Mr. EVANS, who
informed that he, in a few days, expected Rome in-
formation which would have an important bearing
on tho bill, he did not press his motion.
SMITHSONIAN INSTITUTION.
The engrossed bill to establish the Smithsonian
Institution for the increase and diffusion of knowl-
edge among men, was read the third time, and pass
ed.
-FRENCH SPOLIATIONS.
The bill for the settlement of claims oi' American
citizens for French spoliations, prior to 1800, coming
up in order for consideration, was, on the suggestion
ol Mr. CHOATE, passed by informally, with the
view of having printed an amendment to the bill,
which he submitted under unanimous instruction
from the Committee on Foreign Relations.
The bill for the relief of Joseph Simmons was
taken up as in committee of the whole, considered,
reported to the Senate, and ordered to be engrossed
for a third reading1.
The joint resolution authorizing the Secretary of
the Treasury to cause to be erected, or to purchase
a suitable building in the city of Mobile for a court-
house for the southern district of Alabama, was ta-
ken up as in committee of the whole.
Mr. BAGBY explained that this matter had been
brought to the attention of the Senate by a present-
ment of the gvand jury of the southern district of
Alabama. The custom-house used to be occupied
for the purposes of that court; but in consequence of
the want of security, the court was compelled to re-
tire from it. He showed the absolute necessity of
the government providing, by purchase or by erec-
tion, a building in which to hold that 'court. He
also alluded te a banking-house which could be pro-
by purchase at a very low rate for that object. The
bill left the matter to the Secretary of the Treasury
to apply the necessary means.
Mr. BERRIEN remarked that throughout :the
United States the federal couits are held in buildings
belonging to the several States. The marshal have
been in the habit of procuring proper rooms or
building for the purpose, for a ceitain compensation.
He knew of no instance where an appropriation had
been made from the Treasury of the United States
for the purchase of a building in which to hold the
courts, except a part of a building at New Orleans
for that purpose. If the propriety w as at all doubt-
ed in thatcase, the passage of this act would settle
the principle that the government of the United
States was bound to purchase or eiect buildings for
such purposes in the States.
Mr. WOODBURY suggested that if the the sum
was not named jn the bill, it would be necessary to
insert an appropriating clause to pay the sum neces-
sary out of any money in the treasury not other-
wise appropriated, or out of the judiciary fund.
The only case, he believed, in which the govern-
ment purchased a building for the purposes indica-
ted in this bill, was the case mentioned by the sena-
tor fi om Georgia, [Mr. Berrikn,] of the purchase
of the part of a building at New Oileans, and per-
haps in some of the Territories. The establish-
ment of this principle would be an important matter
to the treasury of the United States. It would be
far better, however, to appropriate (he, surplus
nieans from the treasury to the erection of buildings
ot this character, and others absolutely necessaiy
for the purposes of government, than to distribute
those means to the States, to be improperly squan-
dered. It was a question with him whether it would
not now be proper to refer the bill to the Judiciary
Committee, with the view of deciding upon the
principle, and of settling the question as f '.lie pro-
priety of the government having erected, or of pro-
viding otherwise, appropriate buildings in which to
hold its courts. He moved the reference of the bill
to the Judiciary Committee, to enable them to take
that matter into consideration.
Mr. BAGBY said he would have had 110 objec-
tion to such a reference, but for the manifest oppo-
sition to the measure indicated by the honorable
chairman. This was the direction which the meas-
ure hud taken for two or three successive sessions
of Congress. His late colleague introduced a itso-
lution, two or three years ago, instructing that com-
mittee upon the subject, and they had invariably
failed to attend to the'matter, believing that it did
not fall within their appropriate duties. Because
the United (States had not heretofore elected build- :
iugs for the puiposes of their courts, instead of
luring them, was no good 1eas.n1 why a different 1
policy should not be pursued now. Everything ]
must have a beginning, and everything have an end- :
ing. There was not a subject more worthy of the 1
consideration of the Senate of the United States i
than that as to the propriety of furnishing the judi- !
ciary with comfortable and appropriate buildings ill I
which to administer the laws of the United States, j
It was certainly worthy of their consideration J
whether they would continue the practice of hold- |
ing the courts m old out-houses, for which they pay !
rent, instead of purchasing and erecting suitable !
buildings for the purpose. He was in favor of hav-
ing suitable buildings erected in the States.
Mr. BERRIEN opposed the reference to the
Judiciary Committee, and expressed the opinion
that there would be more propriety in first erecting
jails in which to keep the criminals under the sen-
tence of the courts, than buildings in which to hold
the courts.
The question was then taken on referring the bill
to the Judiciary Committee, and decided in the neg-
ative.
The bill was then reported to the Senate; and
On motion by Mr. DAYTON, laid on the table
for the present.
DUBUQUE CLAIM.
On motion by Mr. HENDERSON, the unfinish-
ed business of yesterday was taken up, being the
further consideration, as in committe of the whole,
of the bill to confirm the title of a tract of land in the
, Territory of Iowa, to the legal heirs and assigns of
Juhen Dubuque, deceased.
Mr. HENDERSON remarked that he had under-
stood from some gentlemen in tho Senate, that the
position which he had taken yesterday in reference
to the strength which this claim derived from Gen-
eral Harrison's treaty of 1804, and the subsequent
addition to it made in 1806, was not clearly under-
stood by them. He therefore now rose to explain
that matter again. Mr. H. then recapitulated liis
arguments of yesterday on this point, and read Gen-
eral Harrison's communication to the government
on the subject. He also further enforced the equi-
table validityof the claim.
Mr. PEARCE, chaii man of the Committee on
Private Land Claims, denied that Gen. Harrison's
treaty could strengthen or weaken tho claim. The
additional article made to that treaty 111 1806, merely
reserved the rights of claimants under- Spanish
grants, leaving the validity of those grants untouched
in any way whatever. The saving clause in the
treaty left the claim resting on the merits of the deed
from the Indians to Dubuque, as did also the grant
of confirmation made by the Spanish government.
Mr. CHOATE, in an able legal argument of
considerable length, reviewed fhe whole case from
the origin of the claim to the United States treaty of
1806. He took the ground that this claim was well
founded, and that it was fully sustained by the poli-
cy of this government m giving the most liberal and
equitable construction to Spanish grants. He ex-
amined the language of the deed from the Indians
to Dubuque, and coupling it with the language of
Dubuque's petition to the Spanish governor; the
order of the latter to Todd to investigate aiad report
upon the nature of the claim; Todd's report that be
saw nothing to impede the grant; the full and free
acknowledgment of the Indians to General Har-
rison, in lull council, in 1806 that, they recog-
nised the claim as valid; General Harrison's
own letter, in which he says he is satisfied ofits
justiceand validity, and that he never had any doubt
on the subject; all went to show that, however
vague and deficient of legal technicality the writ-
ings drawn up by a plain layman like Dubuque
might be, the intention of all parties was that of a
consequence in fee of the tract ofland.
Mr. HUNTINGTON opposed the claim. He
denied that the approval of the Spanish governor
extended beyond the right acquired by Dubuque
from tiie Indians, and that right was merely of per-
sonal occupancy for mining, and to the contents of
such mines as lie should work. He also denied that
any sanction of the claim to the land in fee could
be derived from Gen. Harrison's treaty or despatches,
which treaty, in the additional article of 1806, mere-
ly reserved the rights of parties claiming under
Spanish grants, not particularizing ths Dubuque
claim, any more than other claims that might exist.
The whole question, he considered, could be sum-
med up u few words: what possible title could Du
buqne derive from the confirmation of the Spanish
governor or from the treatv of 1804 and 1806, that
was not dependent upon and referable to the funda-
mental ground of claim, the deed from the Indians'
That deed, after all, was abne the title, and the only
title. But it neither sold, granted, or even mention-
ed the land in fee, directly or constructively; it plain-
ly slated its purpose to be to give Dubuque the per-
sonal occupancy for mining purposes; and rio other
constiuction, consistent with fact, and the obvious
meaning of the language used in that instrument,
could be given to it.
Mr. HENDERSON maintained that if such
strictness were resorted to, no Spanish claim that
had ever yet come before this government could
stand the test. Not one of the many claims hither-
to allowed had a foundation more equitable than
this. Such claims had always to bo construed in a
liberal and equitable sense, and in this way they
had hitherto been acted upon. He further expati-
ated the merits of the claim.
Mr. BERRIEN could see 110 reason why this
claim was not allowed to take the same course
which had uniformly obtained in this class of cases.
It had long been the settled policy of the government
to refer such claims to a-board of commissioners f< r
investigation; and upon the report of such board it
was the practice of Congress to act. It cases where
the quantity of land claimed was not large, the rec-
ommendation of the commissioners was almost uni-
versally adopted. In cases of great magnitude like
this, Congress had the benefit of the investigation of
