CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE,
l$t
constitutional scruples. He was disposed to doubt the
sincerity of such gentlemen. He next referred to
the territory of the United States, sufficient to form
fifteen States as large as Virginia, which had been
so circumscribed as to operate unequally against the
South. He referred to the Missouri compromise,
and he asked what would be thought by gentlemen
if the South should desire to carry slaves beyond the
northern line then drawn3 But he denied that the
annexation would increase slavery. So soon as
Texas was annexed, the clause of the constitution
would operate which has prevented the importation
of slaves since the year 1808. But a great difficulty
in the way was as to the manner m which annexa-
tion should take place. Some gentlemen were
sometimes willing to adopt the general-welfare sys-
tem. Some adopted the clause, "new States may
be admitted into the Union," but it must be such as
were made out of the territory which belonged to
the United States. But he thought a little atten-
tion to our history would show our constitutional
right to admit Texas into the Union. In 1819, that
country belonged to the United States; and if she
had so remained, and had now presented a republi-
can form of government, would she not have been
entitled to admission? Hut she was ceded to Spain.
Now, suppose Spain had cedcd Texas back again:
would she not, under like circumstances, have been
entitled to admission? Most certainly she would.
Then he contended, as Spain was dispossessed of
Texas by revolution—by thr means by which we
obtained our freedom—and a* Mexico, by the same
means, had lost the control over Texas—and as sov-
ereign power was vested in itself,—Texas had the
right to retrocedc herself to this Union as Spain
would have had the right to do before the Mexican
revolution.
He had been arguing to show that this govern-
ment had all the rights and powers of legislation
with reference to Texas that we would have had,
had it been immediately retroceded to this country
by Spain after the treaty of 1S19.
It had been argued that this annexation would
violate our treaty obligations with Mexico. He de-
nied it; and he called on gentlemen to point to the
article—to the stipulation to be violated if we annex-
ed Texas to the United States.
One objection to this scheme was, that it would
reduce the price of lands in this country. He ad-
mitted that this would be the effect to a certain de-
gree; but it would injure none but land speculators—
those who had large quantities. The farmer, who
had his tract of land under cultivation, was not in-
jured, while he held it, by the fall of the prise of land,
because it yielded as abundant harvests of corn, and
all other productions. If he wished to sell, why, if
he was obliged to sell at a lower price, all other land
was equally reduced, and with tile money recieved
from his land he could buy an equal amount of
land elsewhere; and an amount equal to what he
could have purchased with the proceeds of his land,
had it maintained its former price, (as the same
would have been the case with other lands.) It
could injure none, th^n, but speculators. He looked
upon the reduced price of lands in this country aw a
great blessing to the great mass of the people; and
for the benefit of the mass it was their duty to legis-
late.
He referred to the argument of Mr. Brinkeriioff,
who insisted that the territory of Texas should be
equally divided into slaveholding and non-slavc-
holdmg teiritory; and to the remarks of other gentle-
men, that the lasli was held over northern democrats
by the South to whip them into the ranks. He de-
nied this; and said that the first intimation of appeal
to sectional interests, and of arraying one poi'tion of
the Union against the other, had come from the
North. The South held no such language; they de-
sired to hold no such language.
He scouted the objection of Mr. Severance to
annexation—that we were not sure England would
ermit it. He felt humiliated, and he had frequent-
y felt so when he saw (he had no leference to par-
ticular gentlemen) that Mexico and England had as
warm advocates on this floor as if they weie legally
represented here. Texas was independent; wc had
recognised her independence long since, and so had
most of the great nations of the globe; hence he
contended that none had anything to say on this
question of annexation but Texas and the United
States.
After passing in rapid review several other objec-
tions, and replying thereto—especially the argument
against the military advantages of annexation, made
by Mr. Rathbun, and founded on a letter written
ii
by General Jackson in 1820, to which he replied
by quoting other passages from the same letter,
which went to show that General Jackson main-
tained that, for the present, we ought to be content
with Florida, on the ground that the coast of Flo-
rida was defended by proper, ample fortications,
which fortifications Mr. II. added did not exist—
he brought his remarks to' a closo by-expressing
his firm belief that it was for the best interests of
both countries that this union should take place be-
tween them; and his warm hope that, when they
came to a vote on this question, a voice would go
forth from this House responsive to the voice of the
people of this Union, and that Texas would be an-
nexed to our country during the present session of
CJongress.
i Mr. H.'s hour having expired,
Among some twenty competitors for the floor,
Mr. COLLAMER was successful in catching the
chairman's eye. The present aspect of the question
seemed to be that they had falle.i upon the project
of the gentleman from Tennessee, [Mr. M. Brown,]
which, in its substantial provisions, had been intro-
duced by tiie gentleman from Kentucky [Mr. Boyd]
and accepted by the gentleman from Illinois [Mr.
Douglass] as a substitute for his amendment, and
was now the pending question. Under this it was pro-
posed to annex Texas as a State. There seemed also
some leading principles involved, which they consid-
ered important, viz: that while we took Texas we
could not take her debt, and would leave her lands to
pay that debt with. He proceeded to argue that it was
utterly impossible to avoid her debt if we annexed
Texas. If a country owed debts, those who held
those debts had, for a security, the eminent domain
of the country; that was the power which the sove-
reign country had to take all the resources, public
and private, of the country, the proceeds of her cus-
tom nouses, &c., &c. if we annexed Texas, we
took her eminent domain, or a portion of it. It was
true that this pioposition provided that she should
retain her lands; but we woe to have the proceeds
of her customs. Hence, if wc assumed the sove-
reignty of Texas, the debts of Texas became an in-
cumbrance upon the whole eminent domain of this
country. lie argued that this consequence was in-
evitable; and, to sustain this, he quoted Vattel, where
1 one country merged its sovereignty mto another.
As a practical example of this, he referred to the
fact, that when Frederick of Prussia took the king-
dom of Silesia, which owed debts to England, he was
obliged to pay those debts.
But it was said by gentlemen that we did not take
the sovereignty of Texas; that she herself retained
it, if she came as a State into the Union. He de-
nied this, contending that we took the eminent do-
main of Texas. It was true, the proceeds of her
lands were left her; but we took the power of levy-
ing and collecting duties at her custom-houses—the
great sources of revenue. Hence, whatever Texas
did not pay, we became responsible for. There
were citizens of England, France, and other coun-
tries, who had claims against Texas. If Texas did
not meet them, they wont to tlieir governments
and asked them to enforce their payment, as was al-
ways done by governments; as had been done in di-
vers cases by this country. Their government re-
placed, we cannot go to her; wo cannot make repri-
sals on Texas; we cannot send our ministers to her.
ijVJr- C. continued to argue that, in the event of the
annexation of Texas, the United States would be
responsible for her debts; and that there would be
no way of getting rid of them but by repudiation.
The next point on which he touched was that
the measure would involve war. He argued that
Texas was a revolted colony of Mexico, and that
the the latter possessed the right, of which she could
not be divested, of reconquering the former; that a
war between the two countries did exist, even ifit
was not an active war; and that the United States,
by taking Texas, would become a party to it. His
next objection was, that it was a slaveholding coun-
try, and that the acquisition of it was designed to
extend and perpetuate slavery; and therefore the
free States of the North eould not give their appro-
bation to it. He belived slavery to be a great cvil,
though southern gentlemen were of a different opin-
ion; and, though he was not disposed to interfere
with it as it, existed under the guaranties of the con-
stitution, yet he never would agree to extend it fur-
ther. He believed, however, that the real objcct in
vieiv by those who were so anxious for the annex-
ation of Texas, was for the purpose of strengthening
th.e political power of the South.')
fee made some remarks 011 tKe inequality of the
proposed division of Texas,- and then objected to
annexation on the ground that it was an attempt at
unlimited foreign acquisition. He took a rapid sur-
vey of the conduct of the nations of the earth, and
their attempt at acquisition of territory, and depicted
the dangers which it involved. He objected to an-
nexation because of the inconsistency which it
fixed on those who advocated it. He also objected be-
cause it was not only an attempt to annex foreign
territory, but foreign jurisdiction, which was & gla-
ring paradox. It was an attempt to annex foreign
jurisdiction by the exercise of jurisdiction. Before
this could be done, he said the territory must be ac-
quired by the treaty-making power, and then they
c«*ld exercise jurisdiction over it."}
Mr. D. L. SEYMOUR said* he did" not ex-
pect to say anything new, or anything that
could interest the House, after so much had been
said by so many gentlemen; but he availed
himself of this opportunity of stating the views
which would guide him in the vote he should give.
He then stated that for twenty years he had been in
favor of the annexation of Texas, but he must
nevertheless be satisfied with the tgrms by which.it.
was to he done, before he should sanction it. \He
must be satisfied that it was consummated consist-
ently with the principles of the constitution?! He
alluded to the frequent declaration that the people
had settled the question, and to the resolutions of
the Baltimore convention; but still he held that the
terms and time and manner were the legitimate
subjects for the consideration of the representatives ■
of the people; amongst other things, he never could
go for any measure of annexation that would in-
volve the assumption of the debts of Texas. If
such a principle were ever to be adopted in this coun-
try, the States of this Union would have the better
claim; but even that had been deemed highly inex-
pedient. And yet the two hundred million of States
debts had been contracted with the best motives,
■not merely for the purpose of advancing local in-
terests, but of developing the resources of the whole
country, and to contribute to the general prosperity
of the nation.
In this laudable enterprise they found themselves
involved in a weight of indebtedness, both the old
States and the rising empires of the West, which
was crushing their enegies to the earth. If ever the
national government could be induced to assume the
power of enlarged construction, it would be in a
case like this. But the sentiment of the people of
the country had been declared against it. No man
would say he believed that assent could be obtained..'
But what did they propose to do? To assume the
debts of a foreign State, and these to an unlimited
amount—an amount concerning which they had no
authentic information such as would justify the ac-
tion of prudent legislators. Resolutions of inquiry
concerning this amount had been adopted both by
the Senate and the House of Representatives, and
they remained unanswered; leaving them without
any information whatever on this point. It was
said wc had the lands of Texas with which to pay
her debts; but against this Mr. S. urged that we
neither knew the amount of her territory entire, nor
the amount which still remained unappropriated.
We did know, from the history of the times, that
grants, and extensive grants, had been made suc-
cessively by Spain, by Mexico, and by Texas; and
110 man had any facts in his possession which en-
abled him to approximate in the least degree to the
amount of the lands which remained unappropriated,
and would go to the payment of her debts. We
were then called on to assume an unlimited amount
of indebtedness for a small amount—perhaps a mini-
mum of territory.
He could not, therefore, vote for any of the prop-
ositions before them under these circumstances.
Whether the territory was acquired by legislation
or by treaty, he should insist on the settlement of
this important question, that we knew how much
we purchased, and how much we paid for it, before
he could give his assent to it.
Mr. S.'now came to the consideration of the ques-
tion as connected with the subject of slavery. This
question of annexation had always heretofore been
considered a national question. He regretted that it
had now been divested—at least, in part—of that
high character. The gentleman from South Caroli-
na [Mr. Holmes] had adverted to a strong under-
current which he regretted to see setting from the
Worth against this measure. There was a strong-
under-current against it from the manner in which,
of late, it had unfortunately been presented to the
country. It originated (said Mr. S.) twenty years
