181
congressional globe.
cannot be so tortured as to mean or intend anything
else than to leave to the discretion of Congress the
most unrestrained freedom on this subject.
jThe question of slavery having been made to oc-
cupy a conspicuous position in this debate, I cannot
forbear giving it a passing notice. The result of my
observation is, that the free negro is more degraded,
more addicted to crime, more stinted for food and
raiment, and more miserable, in this country, than
, the slave. Yet if negro slavery could be extermi-
nated from the land, without substituting white
slavery in its stead, and without ministering to
British power and cupidity, I should rejoice to see
it. I am not, however, prepared to witness, without
a murmur, the obtrusive interference of that proud
and imperious nation with the slave question on
this continent. In a book entitled "Martin's British
Colonies," and inscribed to the sovereign of Great
Britain, in vol. 4, page 7, of the introduction, this
significant language is employed:
"It is our duty as (. hri-tisns (and, as ma}' he infeired, our
immediate and also lemote inteie&t a> meichants) to pro:-c-
cute. with unceasing erieigy—fust. the total, unreserved,
and unconditional abolition oi ;dl iamitlnie tiafftc in s>laves>
carried on by nuy nation m alliance with the British crown:
secondly, to promote, by ev eiy peaceful and lawful ineas-
\m., the emancipation of ev.-iy i-lave in tL" United States,
and throughout the colonies of Kn*-opean nations."
Here is a strange commingling of Christian du-
ties with the interest of merchants, in order to bring
both to bear upon slavery in the United Stales.
This shows clearly that religion is made the cloak
under which to prosecute this hypocritical crusade
against slavery.
It is a primary feature of her policy to enjoy the
monopoly of the tropical productions. The culture
of cotton, rice, sugar, and coffee, enter largely into
her schemes of ambitious speculation. Before she
cm obtain a controlling influence in the growing of
these articles, it is first necessary to abolish slavery
in the United States and Texas; and she is willing
to avail herself of the present precarious condition
of Texas to effect that object. Hence you see arti-
cles in the leading British journals, declaring that
if "Texas had consented to abolish slavery, all
h^r political difficulties would long since have been
terminated."
British statesmen also assert that if slavery is abol-
ished in Texas, it will destroy the institution in the
United States, by cutting off the principal market for
slaves. Their press and the speeches of their orators
te*m with denunciations of slavery on this conti-
. nentj and why? Not from feelings of true sympa-
thy or unaffected philanthropy. Passing over the
fact that, for more than two centuries, the African
slave trade was not only permitted, but was stimula-
ted and protected, by the power and patronage of the
British government, until all her colonies (the south-
ern portion of the United States inclusive) were
stocked with slaves, we find that the British
emancipation act does not extend to the islands of
Ceylon, St. Helena, or to any portion of the teni-
tory owned by the East India company, where
slavery exists in its most degraded and revolting
form. Hindostan, with her adjacent territory,
containing, bond and free, upwards of 130,000,000
of souls, exceeding more than five times the popu-
lation of the United States and Texas, is not favor-
ed for a moment with the itinerant sympathy and
philanthropy of this patronising and slavery-hating
government.
The designs of Great Britain are upon Texas.
She desires to extend her protectorate over that na-
tion, that she may, by an overshadowing influence,
embroil Texas with the United States, by bringing
in conflict their interests in the cotton market, and
by exerting a controlling power over the com-
merce and slaves of Texas. Hers is purely a selfish
policy, based upon the prospect of gain, and the
hope of national oggiandizement; which, with all
the surrounding and threatening circumstances, calls
upon us to exclaim to Texas, in a warning
voice—
"Thus do*'< tliou hear the Nemean (British) lion roar
'irain^t thee, thou lamb, that standee as his prey.'1
With Texas added to our Union, we can success-
fully compete with British India in her staple pro-
ductions, and could supply the markets of the world
with cotton, breadstuff's, and the leading staples of
agriculture. Let us then leave it to our own people
to settle for themselves, in each State, this question
-of slavery; and let us spurn, and, if need be, rebuke
this insolent intermeddling of a foreign nation with
our domestic institutions.
„ This spurious philanthropy of Great Britain
springs from sordid motives, possessing, as she
does, an insular position, which is at once the tow-
er of her strength, and the spring of her ambition.
She looks to her internal industry and resources to
sustain her prosperity, and the commerce built upon
this foundation becomes her paramount policy.
Every nerve is strained, and every element put in
requisition, to augment the vastness of her commer-
cial system, whether by the acquisition of territory
in the most favorable points of the globe, or by war,
or by secret interference in the affairs of other nations.
She seeks to levy tribute in every quarter, for her
existence depends upon her commerce. She has all
the active enterprise of the Carthagenian and the
valor of the Roman combined. On the one hand,
she preachcs the emancipation of the human race;
whilst on the other, she holds in servile and despotic
bondage, at home and abroad, millions of her suffer-
ing and starving subjects. From the boundless ex-
tent of her territory, it is her proud boast that the
sun never sets on her dominions, whilst the morn-
ing reveille is heard from one of her military
posts to another around the world.
1 may be here permitted to avow my most decided
preference in favor of admitting Texas as, a State,
and not as a Territory; that she keep her lands, and
pay her debts; and that all controversies in regard
to the title of lands lying within her limits be settled
m pursuance of her laws, and by her legally consti-
tuted authorities.
The number of statesmen who contend that we
have not a right, in any way, to acquire Texas, is
comparatively very small, and residing, for the most
part, in sections of country strongly infected with
the fanatical spirit of political abolitionism. You
cannot disguise the fact that most of the prominent
men of the two gieat political parties of the country
entertain the settled conviction that we can, by bill,
resolution, or treaty, regain that country, which
was sold for "a mess of pottage" by the treaty of
1819."
Different schemes are favored by different gentle-
men, arising from location, political association, and
various other considerations; but there is a general
acquiescence in the right of ultimate acquisition in
some shape. The plan of admitting Texas as a
State, it seems 10 me, is obnoxious to fewer objec-
tions, and is more likely to unite the true friends of
the measure, than that by resolution. Texas should
keep her lands, because she will need part of them
at least for the payment of her debts; and for the
further reason that she will undeistand, better than
this government possibly can, the proper system to
adopt in disposing of the public domain. The pub-
lic debt against that government should be liquida-
ted and paid by the authorities of Texas, for the
reason that she is best acquainted with the extent
and nature of her liabilities.
Again: we cannot close our eyes to the fact that a
considerable anxiety has been produced in the
minds of our people m regard to the untold millions
of debt which the opponents of annexation have as-
serted, over and over, to exist against that govern-
ment, whilst, at the same time, it is strenuously con-
tended that most of her lands that are worth any-
thing have been disposed of, by grant or otherwise,
so as to make the residue unavailing in the payment
of the public debt. Rumors are rife here, also, that
the lands in that country are encumbered with con-
flicting claims; which, if true, would ultimately be-
come a fruitful source of controversy in the Ameri-
can Congress; and past experience admonishes us
to leave the adjudication of them where their merits
or demerits are best understood.
fn view of the relative positions of the two coun-
tries, it is scarcely possible that Texas will refuse
to come under the wing of the American eagle; but,
hkeSthe bride at the hymeneal altar, her legal exist-
ence [as a nation] is, by the act of union, merged in
that of another. She yields her place amongst the
family of nations, and becomes one of the States of
this confederacy. Let the consent that she may
give to change her condition spring, as a free-will
offering, warm from the hearts of her people, and
we may then confidently hope that the Union will
be..ss "steadfast as nature, and as lasting as time."
..Many considerations incline me in favor of the
reannexation of Texas. Humanity and the inter-
ests of nations demand it. The scenes of the old
tragic drama in which some other Santa Anna may
again perform the principal character, should close
forever; that no cry of anguish and supplication for
mercy should again urge its appeal from the Alamo,
but that peace and plenty, with their smiling train,
should occupy that blood-stained ground^
It is the enlightened policy of nations that peace
should be preserved, and that one and all shall strive
to administer the "greatest good to the greatest
number." Government is framed to guard the rights
and liberties of its citizens, and to advance their wel-
fare in every legitimate method.
"What boots the oft repeated tale ®f strife
The feast of vultures, and the waste oi life''
The varying fortune of each separate field,
The fierce that vanquish, and the faint that yield?"
The progress of civilization will be promoted hand
in hand with the spirit of the ag-e, whose beneficient
light will penetrate to those dark abodes where ig-
norance, superstition, and crime have reigned, since
the days of Cortes and Pizarro.
Commerce will exult, and a thousand avenues to
enterprise be opened as if by magic from the caverns
of the deep. Agriculture will rejoice in the rich re-
turns of the harvest, and religion offer up her purest
aspirations to her God. The spirit of the age' is
onward, and its progress tends to the highest civili-
zation; it does but pursue the dictates of knowledge
and wisdom that have been sheltered under the aegis
of free institutions.
The Anglo-Saxon is. the modern Aladdin, whose
magic lamp promises to work out a new destiny for
the nations of the earth, and to unfold to the benight-
ed the rich treasures of that liberty which has so
long slumbered in darkness. Let us, therefore, accept
the proffered boon, which may be Sost by unwise de-
lay ; for we acquire now an empire—or perhaps
lose it forever.
The eagle, which we have assumed as our nation-
al emblem, tries his pinions in other climes than
those which gave him birth; but he bears in his tal-
ons the thunderbolts of war and the olive branch of
peace. Let us, therefore, be mindful of our rights
and duties to all, and proclaim that, in regard to Great
Britain and Mexico, "We hold them, as we hold
the rest of mankind—enemies in war; in peace,
friends."
Mr. DROMGOOLE next obtained the floor, but
gave way for a motion to rise—on which it was
found that there was no quorum present. .
The committee rose accordingly, and reported
that fact to the House.
Mr. PAYNE moved a call of the House.
Mr. HOLMES moved an adjournment: on which
the yeas and nays were called and ordered; and be-
ing taken, resulted—yeas 40, nays 46.
Mr. CLIJNTON moved a call of the House.
Mr. DUNCAN called for the yeas and nays
thereon; and they were ordered, and resulted—yeas
42, nays 46.
Soon after, finding itself still without a quorum,
and unable to do any business,
The House adjourned.
The following notices of petitions presented to-
day were handed to the reporters by the members
presenting them:
By Mr. RATHBUN' The petition of Cornelius How land
and others, for the abolition of the franking privilege and
the reduction of postage upon letter* weighing half an
ounce to two cents, if prepaid: referred to the Committee on
the Post Office and Post Roads.
By Mr. WRNTWOR/TH: The petition of IV G. Tuller
and others, for a donation of land for the completion of the
Illinois and .Michigan canal. Also the petition of Thoma-s
Dyer ami other*, ior the same purpose. Also the petition
of H J. Wmslow and others, for the same purpose: which
weie respectively referred to the-Committee on Public
Lands.
By Mr. McCLFLLAND: The petition of D. Mead and
others, citr/ens of Bhsslield, Michigan, in favot of Congress
adopting measures in regard to Oregon, and annexing Tex-
as, and confining slavery thereinto its present limits.
By Mr. PRF'STON KING: The petition of inhabitants of
Lewis county, New York, for the improvement of the Fox
and Wisconsin rivers
By Mr HOLMKS: The petition of Marj M Hatch, widow
of Captain Robeit Hatch, deceased, tor a renewal of her pen-
sion  
By Mr. ANDREW STEWART: The petition of Burnett
Neel praj ing compensation lor re\ulntio/kT} services: re-
ferred to the I omimttee on Re^ olutionary Clauns
f* By Mr. Mc f'AUSLEN: The petition ol Lydia Bciit. pray-
ing for a pension: reterred to the ( omiruttee on Invalid
Pensions
By Mr OWEN- The petition of C (iorlon for arrears of
pension referred to the Committee on Re\ ulutionary Pen-
sions.
By Mr. HERRICK: The petition ol Benjamin J. Portei'
for seven years'half pay as surgtouV mate m the revolu-
tionary war: referred to the Commute on Revolutionary
Claims.
HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES.
Friday, January 34,1845.
, The journal having been read,
Mr. HARDIN, from the Committee on the Post
Office and Post Roads, to which was recommitted
