CONGRESSIONAL GLOBS.
ih
clause—"new States may be admitted by the Con-
gress into this Union." Now, if the sentence stop-
ped there, he would not pretend that it meant any-
thing else than the single admission of new States
into the Union. No other interpretation could be
put on it; for you cannot put a limitation on that
which is broad and without limit. The inquiry was,
whether subsequent portions of the clause were ad-
ded to put restrictions on it. They were as follows:
''But no new States shall be formed or erected with-
in the jurisdiction of any other State; nor'any State
be formed by the junction of two or more States, or
parts of -States, without the consent of the legisla-
ture of the States concerned, as well as of the Con-
gress." Here the residue ofthe sentence, connected
as it was by the conjunction but, showed the quali-
fication of the preceding part of it. The qualifica-
tion was, that new States were not to be admitted sim-
ply by Congiess alone, if they were to be formed
by the junction of two or more States or parts of
States; but that it must be done with the assent of
those States as well as of the Congress. It was fs.ur,
however, to refer back to cotemporaneous history
for ail elucidation of the meaning of the constitution.
In reference to the latter part of the sentence,
which is a qualification of the former part, it was in-
serted in consequence ofthe difficulties which ex-
isted in the confederation and threatened its peace
and harmony. Mr. D. here referred to difficulties
in the western part of Pennsylvania; to the ap. lo-
cation of the district of Kentucky, then a part of
Virginia; and the application of the State of Frank-
lin, now Tennessee, then a part of North Carolina,
for addmission into the Unon. It was, therefore, to
guard the rights of the States from which these new
States were to be formed, that this qualification was
inserted, it was also inserted to meet the case of
Canada, which hid a standing right to admission
into the Union, as well as other contiguous territory
which might be admitted, provided nine States
voted for it. Mr. D. referred to, and made quota-
tions from the Federalist, to show the ideas of Mr.
Madison in reference to the admission of new States.
He maintained further that the very last provision
of the constitution of the United States, providing
for this government going into operation, contem-
plated that there might be foreign States even be-
longing to the confederation. "New States maybp
admitted into this Union;" and how was that Union
formed? The last clause of the constitution says
that the ratification of nine States shall be sufficient
for the government going into operation. It had
not escaped the attention of the sagacious framers
of the constitution to inquire what would be the
condition of such States as might not come into the
Union under that instrument, ilere Mr. D. again
quoted from the Federalist the opinions of Mr.
Madison, showing that there would be no political
relation between the assenting and disspnting
States, though there was a strong moral and
social relation existing between them. Upon
the common principle of public and interna-
tional law, the dissenting States would be foreign
Slates; and he offered this in answer to those gentle-
men who assumed that all the country which lay
within the limits acknowledge by Great Britain to be
independent, could never beeome,Jn reference to the
United States, foreign territory.' It so happened that
there were two States that did not ratify the consti-
tution, viz: North Carolina and Rhode island. These
States did not participate in the formation of the
government, nor in the election of General Wash-
ington. They were not members of the Union in
1789, when the constitution went into operation; and
they were, to all intents and purposes, foreign States;
and, in fact, they were treated ss such in the legis-
lation of Congress, for the laws of the United States
weienot extended o\ertbem—neither the levesiue
laws, nor the post office laws—nor was provision
made for taking the census in them. Goods coming
into the United States fiom them were subjected to
the same duties^as weie imposed on goods coming;
from Europe".\ '
U\Jr. D. also referred to the case of the State of
Vermont, which he showed was dearly a fpieign
territory when it was admitted into the Union.1
vHe proposed that Texas should come in "as a
State, with definite boundaries in respect to other
States, and, at the same time, making a Gulf coast
or boundary. The next question then was, whether
the remaining territory constituted an objection to
its-admission as a State. It was no objection to the
admissioirof other States info the Union which had
territory not within the paiticular organization of
iieir governments. On the subject of citizenship,
which had been adverted to by several gentlemen
on this floor—the gentleman from ^Maryland, [Mr.
Kennedy,] amongst the number—he hail only now
to ask, where were the citizens of the United States
when North Carolina, and Rhode Island, and Ver-
mont were admitted into this Union? It was then
settled that the seven and nine years' residence had
reference to naturalization of citizens who had emi-
grated from foreign countries. He who was a na-
tive of a country could not be naturalized. Tt was
aliens only'who could be naturalized, to make
them citizens of the United States. But how did
the difficulty operate with.respect to Texas particu-
larly? He admitted that those who had emigrated
to Texas from this Union had placed themselves
beyond the operation of our laws; but he laid it
down as a principle, that whenever they returned to
the Union, and were embraced within its limits,
they were restored to their citizenship, and there-
fore this could not operate as an objection to the
admission of Texas". '
He then proceeded to make an observation or
two on the slavery compromise, which had been
commented on by some gentlemen. He thought
the line might continue to be drawn at the line of
northern latitude, 30 degrees 30 minutes, north of
which slavery should bo forever excluded. He re-
ferred to the commenls on this subject of the gentle-
man from Vermont, [Mr. Coli.amer,] and remarked
that that gentleman took a very narrow view of the
question. He requested the gentleman to look over
the map of the whole Union, and see how much in
a spirit of compromise, had been conceded to the
free States. Then let 36 degrees 30 minutes stand
forever as the boundary line, and put an end to this
question. If he could speak to the whole American
people, he would ask them to look at that line, and
take it as a compromise for the future. No man
could look at it in that point of view, and not see
that the non-slaveholding territory must for ever
have the preponderance. The acquisition of Texas
could not properly be regarded as a sectional ques-
tion. Look at the territory proposed to be annexed
in connection with our territory, and who was
there that could not see how necessary it was,
in a national point of view, to the settlement of
our boundaries. He asked gentlemen to cast their
eyes over the map, and draw a line from the south-
ern capes of Florida to the mouth of the Del Norte
—Mississippi coming in the centre—and say if there
was not a natural gulf or bay for one undivided terri-
tory. After some other observations, lie said the
proposition which lie had submitted had no refer-
ence to the debts or contracts or liabilities of the
new States. Admitting Texas as a new State did
not disturb her liability or capacity for the payment
of her obligations; but it would promote her internal
ability to satisfy her creditors. He believed the
question of slavery, which he had hoped never to
have heard mentioned or discusscd here, was the
only difficulty; and whatever might he the decision
of the Cengress at this time, he entreated the people
of the United States—those who were friendly to the
pacific preservation of this Union—to look at the
map and see the relative proportion into which the
territory of this Union was divided, and then come
to the derision to let the line of 36 deg, 30 min. be
the line of compromise between the slaveholding and
the nonslaveholding States of the Union.
Mr. BARNARD commenced with some observa-
tions oil the slate of his health, which would almost
incapacitate him from discussing this question in
such a way as he could desire. In the humble part
which he was about to take in this discussion, he
should not undertake to say much about the policy
aud expediency of annexation, but content himself
with a very brief expression of opinion on that
point. There was another question: (whether we
had any right to annex; Texas to this Union; but on
the policy of annexing Texas, lie might say, in
general terms, that he denied that there was any
necessity for annexing Texas to this Union strong
enough to form even a good apology for its admis-
sion. Much more did he deny that there was any
ach necessity—ovv.; ruliug necessity—as to make it
(he duty of Congress, os some had suggested, to
rise over the constitution and consummate this
measure. He denied that there was any occasion for
this annexation for any of the reasons which had been
urged by any of its advocates. He denied that Texas
affords us any advantage or facilities. He denied
that the possession of Texas was necessary even to
the institution of slavery, in the state in which it
now exists m the States of this Union. The best
possible security for slavery was to let it rest just
where it stood, on the compromises of the constitu-
tion. If it were permitted to stand as it is, slavery
would exist as long as the States desired in which
it exists. He denied that there was any advantage
to be acquired by the United States, any more than
there would be by the acquisition of the Canadas,
nor half so much. It would not strengthen this
Union, nor perpetuate our institutions. - It would
not add to this lepublic either virtue or character.
It would add nothing on the score of popular in-
struction and popular intelligence: quite the contrary.
Nor would any advantage be found in an economi-
cal point of view. Nor would the people of this
Union be able to produce more, or find for their
produce a better market. We should gain nothing
. of security and protection for our national interests,
nor a better execution of our laws. In short, we
should add nothing to our public wealth, public
prosperity, public security, national respectability,
or national honor: quite the contrary of all these
things. Nor had this country the slightest ground
of claim on Texas or Texians, nor had Texas any
claims on usTj
But passing by these topics, deeply interesting as
they were to us, and to the whole country,came
at once to the discharge of the highest an3 most
sacred duty devolving on an American citizen—he
meant the protection of the constitution of this eoun-
try against the desperate assault made upon it in this,
attempt to annex Texas to the United States; and
on this subject he took the distinct and comprehen-
sive ground that the federal government, by any or
all of its departments or functions, had no power or
right, under the constitution, to acquire foreign ter-
ritory and annex it to the United States; much less
had this government any power to form a union be-
tween the United States and foreign and independent
countries. After amplifying and illustrating this
position, he went on to make some admissions for
the argument's sake. In the first place, he admitted
that Congress had the power to acquire territory as
an incident of the power of making war, though he
did not admit their right to make war for the sake'of
making conquests. That would be a fraud on the
war power. His next point was understood to be
the right obtained by discovery. In the next place he
admitted that this government could hold land in
trust, coming to it by cession of particular States.
They had an example in the cessions of North Car-
olina and Georgia, which States ceded their landis
to the United States. But they could not hold for-
eign territory. It never was contemplated that the
United States should hold foreign colonies, or that
foreign territories and foreign people should be
brought into this Union. Again, he admitted—and
this was the important point in his admissions—that
the government may acquire foreign territory by
treaty, when such acquisition is an incident of the
settlement of disputed boundaries and other differ-
ences between this country and foreign powers own-
ing such territory. The principal precedents for the
acquisition of territory were found in the treaty of
1803 with Prance, and the treaty of 1819 with Spain.
By these treaties, especially the treaty of 1803, a
very large amount of foreign territory was acquired;
but let it be remarked that acquisitions of foreign
territory were made by the treaty-makingpower, and
it was an acquisition which w«s made by the treaty-
making power when that was engaged in the legiti-
mate and proper exercise of that power—in the ad-
justment of serious difficulties existing between this
country and the governments of Prance and Spain
respectively.
He then referred to the state of things as they ex-
isted m 1803. In 1798, in consequence of differences,
and a dispute, and misunderstanding between the
two countries Congress passed an act declaring
that the treaties between France and the United
States were no longer in force; and this act was fol-
lowed by hostilities; which, however, were termi-
nated by the convention which was concluded on
the 30lh April, 1800. But this convention, though
it terminated hostilities, and settled a peace, did not
terminate all differences and difficulties; they ex-
isted in all their force, particularly the indemnities
due foreigners and spoliations claimed by the United
States, which were wholly unadjusted.
He read from the treaty of 1803, and said that
that treaty showed on its face that the cession was
made for the purpose of adjusting the difficulties ex-
isting between the two countries, (which difficulties
he referred to.) That treaty, moreover, showed, on
its face, that the cession of territory made in this
case was made in such a manner as to make the ces-
sisn of territory, considered a3 an international
