CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
to give 10 per cent, protection; and even, in an ex-
treme case, was wMing to give a duty of 12 per cent,
for t.Wo years. He asked gentlemen if they were
wiiiiilg to' abide by the doctrines of Alexander Ham-
ilton on that subject. As to the views of that states-
man about royalty and aristocracy, they were as
harmless as a rattlesnake with his fsings extracted.
The people of this country were too much wedded
to republican institutions for him to fear any pub-
lication of Hamilton's works on that score; but his
views on the tariff were so sound that he would cheer-
fully go for the publication of his works; and he
ventured to say that his State would be willing to
pay for all the books. Way the whole South,
which was whipped into acquiescence by
the majority on that floor, in the system
of robbery that was carried on at their expense,
would gladly pay the cost of the whole publication.
But he hoped they should have an end of such clap-
trap. The information which this book contained
he held to be absolutely necessary; and he ventured
to say there were not twenty members on that floor
—whether venerable members or young members—
that were acquainted with all the minutia of the in-
formation which that book could give them. That
they might act advisedly on that subject, he hoped
the bill would pass, and that the bill for the organi-
zation of a Territorial government in Oregon would
then be taken up and passed. He hoped that every
member who voted for Texas would not be found
hesitating on the subject of Oregon; for, without be-
ing personal, he would say of both those great ques-
tions, that "he who dallies is a dastard, and he who
doubts is damned."
Mr. WENT WORTH said it " was not his orig-
inal intention to have said any thing in relation to
the merits of the bill before the House, for the re-oc-
cupation of Oregon, at this stage of the question. [A
laugh.] Mr. W. said, gentlemen laughed at his word
re-occupation,which he used designedly, and he want-
ed gentlemen to understand its true meaning. If
we ever did occupy Oregon (as all gentlemen will
grant) it is certain we do not occupy it now. And
hence he wanted to re-occupy it, to drive the Brit-
ish out, and rightfully place Americans in. He was
for tearing down the cross of St. George, and rais-
ing the stars and stripes in its stead.
Mr. W. said the question before the House, he
knew, was a measure preliminary to action upon
this great measure of re-occupation. He knew the
bill before the House was introduced in good faith
by his colleague, [Mr. Douglass,] believing it
would be disposed of m a few moments, and without
serious opposition. But long speeches, compre-
hending a great variety of subjects, had already
been made; and for fear, as in former times, the
House would never be nearer the subject than it
now was, he would submit a few remarks in rela-
tion to the bill itself. For twenty years, and up-
wards, this question of organizing a government in
Oregon had been agitated; but yet there had never
been any favorable action. Indeed there had neveHbeen
a direct vote taken, whereby the nation could get at
the sense of its representatives. The measure had
always gone by on false issues, or been preceded by
others of less importance in the end, though, per-
haps, considered at the time of moie immediate im-
portance.
The Oregon question, somehow, had always been
an unlucky one. There was always something
ahead of it. Hence what he had to say he should
say now, lest legislative legerdermain should hinder
the proper bill from being called up, as was the case
at the last session.
On Saturday, we annexed a large tract, so far as
the action of this House was concerned, to one ex-
tremity of our Union. Here is now a proposition
to add to the other end, or rather to keep from being
irretrievably lost, what rightfully belonged to it.
Members denied that the annexation of Texas was
a sectional question, and contended that it was a
national one, and as such a measure they supported
it. If the friends of Texas now go for Oregon, they
will show conclusively that they are for reclaim-
ing their own territory at whatever extremity of our
Union it may be, and thus prove conclusively that
they care no more for slave territories than they do
for free ones. The opponents of Texas took ground
that its annexation would add to the slave power of
this country and thereby disturb its present equilib-
rium. Even the venerable gentleman from Massa-
chusetts [Mr. Adams] would be for annexation
under certain conditions, were it not for sla-
very. . Now Oregon .is north of the Missouri
compromise line, and slavery can never exist there.
Soy as he looked at it, Texas and anti-Texas men
would best preserve their character for patriotism
and consistency by advocating all measures for re-
possessing Oregon.
Mr. W. called upon whigs and democrats, upon
this great national question, involving our interests
and our honor, to forget all party feuds, and give a
consolidated vote against any further encroachments
Of the British upon American soil.
'Mr. BARNARD here called Mr. W. to order,
as he considered it not proper to discuss the
•merits of the Oregon bill.
Mr. WENTWORTH contended that he was in
in order; or, at least, as near boing so as the gentle-
man from New York ever was in any of his
speeches. The immediate question before the
House was a bill for purchasing a history of Oregon.
There was a great connection between a history of
Oregon, and Oregon itself. If Oregon was of no
importance, then we ought not to pass the bill; if
it is, then we ought to do so.1
In a report made to this House upon the subject
now under discussion, by Mr. Baylies of Massa-
chusetts, in 1826, there can be found the following
sentence:
"The indifference of America stimulates the cupidity of Great
Britain Our neglect daily weakens our own claim, and
string hens hers; and the day will soon ai rice, when hertttle
to this teriitoiy will he heller than ours, unless outs is earnestly
and speedily enforced
This might then have seemed empty declamation,
but, who will say that time lias not verified it all?
Great Britain never had a settlement on the Co-
lumbia nor any of its branches prior to 1810, the
time Mr. Astor's settlement waa commenced. And
Mr. Madison looked upon the settlement with such
a favorable eye, that in 1813, he ordered the frigate
Adams thither; but the order was countermanded
in consequence of the crew being needed on Lake
Ontario. This same year the fort fell into the hands
of the British, where it remained until it was sur-
rendered to us under the first article of the treaty of
Ghent. Thus in J818 were we put m full posses-
sion. And thcbc were the woius:
"ire, the and< viigne d, do, in conformity to the fust article of
thetotaly of Ghtnl, u store to the gvro niitni! of the Uniltd
Stales the settlement of Fort George, oil the Cohunhu i.'>
Thus put in possession, how have we lost it?
Certainly not by the treaty of 1818 for joint occu-
pancy, for that treaty expressly declares that "the
only object of the high contracting parties wus to pre-
vent disputes and differences among the.in.sdrefi.1'1 And,
whilst treating of the title, Lord Castlereagh admit-
ted our right to be the party in possession. And
this bill proposes nothing more than mere protection
of the settlers in that possession they have had since
1818; nothing more than Great Britain, the party
out of possession, lias done for her citizens in Oregon
long ago.
Since 1818, much has been said m relation to our
duty to the American citizens in Oregon, but noth-
ing has been done. Able reports have been made
to this House, to two of which he would call the
attention of members at their leisure—that of Mr.
Baylies, just alluded to, and that of Mr. Cushing,
our recent minister to China. Able speeches have
also been made, but there the matter has stopped.
As early as 1820, Mr. Floyd, of Virginia, as
chairman of a committee of this House, made an
elaborate report on the propriety of extending the
jurisdiction of this country over the inhabitants of
Oregon, which concluded with a bill for that pur-
pose. That bill, like all its successors, was suffered
to lie on the table during the session. Next year
the navy commissioners made an estimate of the
expense of transporting cannon and ammunition to
the Columbia, and this was all that was heard of
the matter during that or the succeeding session.
In 1823, a select committee was appointed by the
House, with instructions to inquire into the expe-
diency of occupying the mouth of the Columbia.
This committee conferred with General Jesup, who
recommended manning a fort at the mouth of the
Columbia, and establishing a cordon of posts be-
tween it and Council Bluffs. He gives, as a reason
therefor, that "present protection would be afforded
to our traders, and, on the expiration of the privi-
lege granted to British subjects to trade on the
waters of the Columbia, we should be enabled to
REMOVE THEM from our territory, and to secure
the whole trade to our citizens." This suggestion
was made m 1824; and it is valuable as showing that
it was the received the opinion, at that time, that
the British only remained by our permission, and
that, at the expiration of the treaty for joint occu-
pancy, we could " REMOVE THEM from our
territory.1' But nothing was done at this session.
In 1824, President Monroe, in his last annual
message, urged the establishment of a military post
at the mouth of the Columbia. But no heed was
given to him.
President Adams renewed this request; and it was
in ,accordance therewith that Mr. Baylies, in 1826,
made the report from which he had already quoted.
But, as usual, nothing was done at this Congress.
Mr. W. said he had thus reviewed all proceed-
ings, from the time we were put in possession up to
the year 1827, when the article of joint occupation
was indefinitely continued in force, with power on
the part of either party to annul or abrogate it by
giving twelve months notice.
Prom that time to the present, the proceedings of
Congress have been pretty much the same a@ they
were for the ten years previous. Presidents haye
recommended, and committees have favorably re-
ported: and there the matter has ended. We have
had talk enough about this matter, and we now want
action.
He would not speak of our title to this country
because he believed no American doubted it. He
heard nearly all the debates in both branches of
Congress at the last session, and he heard not a sin-
gle person, whig or democrat, express a doubt as to
our title to every inch of the territory up to the
boundary established between us and Russia by the
treaty of 1824. That we were once in possession
is equally as clear, he thought he had shown, as our
title. And it is almost as clear that we are now dis.
possessed. Indeed, one of the issues in the late can-
vass was the re-occupation or re-possession of Ore-
gon. That we became dispossessed is altogether
attributable to our indifference. Whilst we hare
been doing nothing, England has done everything.
Whilst the American settler has had to mops along
at the rate of twenty miles a day, without roads and
through the domain of the most savage Indians,
England, through her ships, has been landing hor
emigrants at the mouth of the Columbia, surround-
ed by all the conveniences of life.
Once dispossessed, the question arises, how can
we again get possession? Of course, he meant with-
out war. Forcible possession can, he would say
must be, resorted to where all other means fail. It
is a just measure—just to the American settler in
Oregon, just to our own interests and our own hon-
or.
There may be those who may think that, before
the passage of such a bill, the year's notice of our
wish to annul and abrogate the treaty of joint occu-
pation ought to be given. But if, under the pro-
visions of this article, Great Britain can extend the
jurisdiction of her laws over her citizens, can even
arrest and punish our citizens under that jurisdic-
tion, can we not, under the same provisions, extend
to our citizens our own protection—treat them as
American people treading American soil? If we
have this right, then comes up the expediency of
the measure under the supposition that this attempt
at double jurisdiction would soon bring about a
collision between British and American authorities.
But "sufficient unto the day is the evil thereof." Be-
cause a foreign power has usurped jurisdiction over
our country, this is no reason why we should "fear
and tremble" in anticipation of any collision among
the authorities. But if this collision doe  ensue, R
will only show the more urgent necessity of abro-
gating that article, which has been so often and so
fruitlessly attempted.
But the abrogation has always been hindered by
by some negotiation. And when, sir, will there not
be, judging the future by the past, some negotiation
pending on this matter? Never, so long as things
remain in their present condition—whilst England
has everything and we nothing—so long as British
laws and British arms rule the country. He looked
at this negotiation as all tantalization—something
that never is, but'always is to be; mere British le-
gerdemain to swindle us out of the country. He was
for the abrogation of that'article now, anil should be
ready to vote for it at any time, whether before or
after the passage of this bill. The sooner we do it
the better for our interest and our honor.
But it is argued that England would consider a
notice of this abrogation—would consider a compli-
ance with the provisions of one of our treaties 
equivalent to a declaration of war. If sfie would
consider it so now, when would she consider it any
less? Would it be when there was no negotiation
pending or in contemplation? When is this to be?
He predicted never, until we baldly asserted our
