200
CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
rights and gave the notice.: Others my war will
certainly grow out of it,"and we are in no prepara-
r°reiVtt-- laf W® n0t as wel1 Prepaid aS
m Sw1"w hn«™yth^ lose and noth-
fnrttS r Tth ™ WOuld but be a signal
for the loss of Canada. The star-spangled banner
j 1 -w?'ve,ln. trwmPh ov«- Abraham's heights,
and shouts of victory ring over the graves of Wolf
and ^Montgomery. There would be no s oppin°- to
organize armies on this side; but, at the first signal
ot war, our indignant citizens would pour upon
Canada from Maine to Michigan, and overrun the
country like a tornado. The Canadians themselves
Jiali ripe" for a revolt, would welcome us the moment
they would feel safe in so doing. And Great Brit-
am knows this. No, 110; much as this nation of
hypocrites wants Oiegon, she would not go to war
with US for it. She knows us too well. She knows
the soreness of feeling along our whole frontier, en-
gendered during the late Canadian troubles, the
burning of the Caroline, the murder of Durfcc, and
the capture of Grogan. From some nations she
would take it at all hazards. I11 the ostentation of
her humanity, she could find some excuse fot tukinn-it
from a weak nation. Under pretence of christianizing
the world, she is robbing every feeble nation of its
territory. Whili,t;pretending to comert the Chinese,
she makes a market for her opium; \\ hilst proftss-
ing to desire the abolition of slavery, she but steals
our southern slaves to use in Canada to bind still
tighter the manacles of her white subjects. Under
the guise of philanthropy she strives to enslave the
world. This nation will endeavor to rob us of Ore-
gon, but not by war. Diplomacy is her game. She
who had the impudence to demand the joint naviga-
tion of the Mississippi with us—that wo should re-
cognise the Indians as independent powers and
that we acknowledge her right to search our ves-
sels,—will not hesitate to demand • anything, how-
ever unjust, whenever her avarice or ambition
prompts her. She claims the whole of Oiegon; but
only demands all north of the Columbia, providing
she can have the joint navigation of that river Willi
us. If she ought to have any, she ought to have the
whole. Her title to the whole territory 13 as good
as it is to one single inch between 42 degiees and 54
degrees 40 minutes. She is willing, however, as a
matter of compromise, to stive us a small territory in
the angle of Fuca's strait and the Pacific co'ast.
Indeed, when worst comes to worst,I think she will
compromise everything for a joint possession of the
Columbia river and the straits of Fuca. She who,
in her designs to monopolize the commerce of the
world, and to dictate terms to every nation, knows
how to value St. Helena, Malta, and Gibraltar, also
knows the value of the only river of commercial im-
portance emptying into the Pacific north of Cape
Horn. Great Britain got the Indus by setting
out with two small tnuling posts aloue^
Give her these two points, and the cross
of St. George would lloat in tiiumph over every island
in the Pacific. It is not so much a few acres of land
that Great Britain wants, as it is .1 monopoly of the
furs of the northwest, the pearls and gold of Pa-
nama and Choco, minerals of Pern, bides of Cali-
fornia, the whale fisheries, and, m tine, the whole
trade of China, the Pacific islands, and the western
shore of Mexico and Central America. Our pres-
ent joint jurisdiction is satisfactory enough to Great
Britain, because, in our indifference, it is the
same as if it was all in her hands; and, under it, our
fur trade with Canton has been almost entirely cut
off since 1818.
We have lately made a treaty with the Chinese
powers, and this is a matter of congratulation with
all those who know anything of it. But how
contingent would be its advantages (great as they
are said to be) if Great Britain, now possessing the
sovereignty of New Holland and Yon Diemen's
Land, claiming that of the Sandwich Islands, and
aiming at that of China, should get possession of
the ports of Oregon! The whole Pacific coast would
soon be under tribute to her.
We are hearing much of annexation, and shall
probably hear more of it. And, whilst our
nation is agitated fiom its centre to its extremities
upon this subject, should it not teach us one impor-
tant lesson—to cede away no more American soil?
Supposing Mr. Mr. Clay's proposition had been ac-
cepted, and we had ceded away to Great Britain
all of our Oregon territory north of 49°, won'd lie
not be under the same obligation to reannex it that
we are to reannex Texas? And would the Amer-
ican settlers there over rest contented until they
were placed back under their original rights and juris-
diction? Those who know American patriotism
can best judge of this matter. And, whilst we have
so much to say about the importance of oar obtain-
ing full command of the Gulf of Mexico, should we
not be alarmed at the prospect of our losing all our
possessions on the Pacific? He was for Texas, but
he was for Oregon too. He was for extending the
area of freedom, and he believed now was the
"golden hour." His colleague [Mr. Douglass]
liau told the House that he was for an ocean-bounu
republic. He agreed with him. But his colleague
(lid not present the contrast. Weare for an ocean-
boui.d, instead of a British-bound republic.
Mr. W. said, many of this body would live to
near the sound from the Speaker's chair, "the gen-
tleman from Texas." He wanted them also to hear
"the gentleman from Oregon." He would even go
further, and have "the gentleman ftomNova Scotia,"
the gentleman from Canada," "the gentleman from
Cuba," "the gentleman from Mexico," ay, even
"the gentleman from Patagonia." lie did not be-
lieve tiie God of Heaven, when he crowned the
American arms with success,designed that the ori-
ginal States should bo the only abode of liberty on
earth. On the contrary, he only designed them as
the great centre fiom which civilization, religion,
and liberty should radiate and radiate until the
whole continent should basic in their blessings.
Great Britain is satisfied with tilings as they are
ill Oregon. She is doing well under the treaty of
joint occupation; and if she keeps on her present
piogiess, and we in ours, (if that can be called
pi ogress which goes backwards,) in less than ten
years she will have manned a fort at every prom-
inent point, and we shall not have men enough ac-
knowledging our allcgiancc to hold the offices;
which certainly would be an anomaly. Hence he
was for giving the notice, and letting Great Britain
umleistaml, in the language of President Monroe,
that "the American continents are not henceforth to
lie considered as subjects for colonization for any
European power."
There are those, however, who contend that the
giving this notice must be attended with a vast ex-
pense, since we must preimie to take possession
forcibly if we cannot got it peaceably. We must
transport troops and the munitions of war around
Cape Horn, or over the Rocky mountains. They
prefer to wait, and contend that soon there will be
American settlers enough there to defend the coun-
try. Under this view of the case, what obicction
can there be to this bill, which proposes to do ex-
actly by American citizens as Great Bntain is
already doing by hers under the treaty of joint occu-
pation, viz: to encourage people to go there and to
protect them after they arc there.
The least that men can do who believe ill our title
in Oregon is to protect our settlers from the Indians
on their route, so that our settlements may, if possi-
ble, keep pace with those of Great Britain, and
have a rc«( instead of a nominal joint occupation.
There are thousands upon thousands willing to rim
their risks 111 Oregon if government will only secure,
ihem a safe passage beyond the South Pass, the
Thermopylae of the West, lie understood there
were a thousand emigrants already enrolled to set
out from Independence (Mo.) in the spring. He
read what Lt. Fremont said of Port Laramie, which
is 320 miles from the Pass, and 520 from the junc-
tion of the Platte and the Missouri.
' If it is in contemplation to keep open the communica-
tions with Oiegon 'territory, a .show of military knee m
tliis countiy i> absolutely lieccssaiy, and a combination of
advantages rtmdeis tho neighborhood of lort Laramie the
most suitable place, on the line, ot the Platte, for the estab-
lishment ol a military .post. It is connected with tho month
ol the Platte ami the Upper Missouri by excellent roads,
which are m frequent use, and would not m any way inter-
fere u ith the range ot the buffalo, on which the neighbor-
ing Indians mainly depend tor support. It would lender
any posts on the Lower Platte unnecessary; the ordinary
communication between it and the Missouri being sufficient
to control the intermediate Indians. It would operate effectu-
ally to prevent any such coalitions as are now foimed
among the Gros Ventres, Sioux, Cheyenne, and other
Indians, and would keep the Oregon road through the val-
le) ol the Sweet Water and the South Pass ol the moun-
tains constantly open _A glance at Hip map which accom-
panies this report, will show that it lies at the foot of a bro-
ken and mountainous region, along which, by the estab-
lishment of small posts, in the neighborhood ol St Vram's
fort, on the south tork of the Platte, and Bent's fort, on the
Arkansas, a line of communication would be formed, by
good wagon roads, with our southern military posts, which
vv nnld entueiy command the mountain passes, hold some ot
the most troublesome tribes in cheek and protect and facil-
itate our intercourse with the neighboring Spanish settle-
ments The alleys of the rivers on which tney would he
situated are fertile, the countn , which supports immense
herds of buffalo, is admirably adapted to gra/.ing, and herds
of cattle might be maintained by the posts, or obtained .
Now the British have wormed themselves bo far
into the heart of the Oregon country as to }iave a
fort within 250 miles of this pass, called Port Hall.
Who knows how long it will be before they wili
claim the pass itself, as the circle of British en-
croachments is continually enlarging? And when
once there, in command of this little gap of 190 feet
blocking up what nature designed as the central
highway of the world, who can predict the vast
amount of blood and treasure that it will take to dis-
lodge her? Beyond Fort Hall, at a suitable dis-
tance, is Fort Nez Perces, then Fort Vancouver,
and then Fort George, making a chain of four forts
in a line from the pass to the Columbia, to say noth-.
ing of others, ostensibly manned to protect British
traders and emigrants from the Indians. But, in
ease of a sudden outbreak, what would be the effect
of these military establishments?
Again: in going to the pass, our settlers must en-
counter many tribes of Indians, such as the Paw-
nees, the Sioux, the Crows, Black Foot, Flatheads,
<fcc., all within the reach of annuities; and it is well
known that the British and Indians are always al-
lies. They may be now at peace with the United
States; but their thievish and brutal propensities,
and their treachery, are well known. If our gov-
ernment had a fort to protect them on their passage
from tho Indians, and, after their arrival, had two or
three foits to protect them from the encroachments
of tho British and the Indians, their lot would still
be hard enough. Twenty-five hundred miles is no
easy journey, to say nothing of the time lost in
waiting at Independence, Missouri, until a sufficient
number has collectcd to make up a safe caravan, to
undertake so hazardous a task, and overawe the In-
dians. Only think of it: men, women, and chil-
dren, forsaking their homes, bidding farewell to all
tlio endearments of society, and setting out on a
journey of over two thousand miles, upon a route
where they have to make their own roads, construct
their own bridges, hew out their own boats, and
kill their own meat; where twenty miles is an aver-
age day's tiavcl, exposed to every variety of weath-
er, and the naked curtli their only resting-place! In
sickness they have no physician; in death there is
110 one to perform the Inst sad offices. Their bodies
aie buried by the wayside, to be exhumed and de-
filed by the Indians, or devoured by the wolves.
But yet there are dauntless spirits who will brave
all this, and government ought to encourage them.
He knew there were those who say that these
emigrants go to Oregon in view of all these conse-
quences, and they need not go unless at their own
option; there is 110 compulsory process served
upon them. True, sir; and there is no obligation
011 the part of our merchants to send their goods to
sea. Thtiy know the dangers of the coast, and the
dangers of the storm; but yet, sir, we are continu-
ally constructing buoys, beacons, light-houses and
haibors, for their protection. True, sir, and there
is no compulsory process to force the sailor on a
voyage to sea. He knows there are pirates, and
runs his own risk; but yet we have our ships of
war in every direction for his benefit.
There is an extent of country beyond the Rocky
mountains 850 miles long and 550 miles wide, cov-
eting 500,000 squaie miles, or 300,000,000 of acres.
Persons from personal observation report that for
picturesque beauty, exuberant fertility, and salubri-
ty of climate, no region of earth of equal extent sur-
passes the vales and table lands of Oregon. There
the cattle graze all winter; and it must eventually
be a very important country for its trade in hides,
beef, tallow, &.c. Pine and fir frees on the Colum-
bia grow to the enormous size of forty to fifty
feet in circumference, and three hundred to three
hundred and fifty feet in height—it being sometimes
one hundred and fifty feet to the branches. Al-
though rather bad for corn, (not worse, however,
than many parts of New Hampshire and Vermont,)
yet it is well calculated for wheat, barley, oats,
peas, apples, potatoes, and all roots cultivated in
the United States. So much for its intrinsic value.
Of its commercial importance he had already spo-
ken. There is danger of our losing this coun-
try. We have only a nominal possession now;
but yet there are American citizens willing to go
there, and go, too, with a determination to own no
allegiance but that of this country. Shall we se-
cure them American rights when treading American
soil? Shall we deny them our laws—ay, sir, our
flag? Our action on this bill will say.
There are those who, on all questions of policy in
