CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
201
relation to the new States or Territories, are actuated
by the narrowly-contracted notion that whatever
benefits them tends so much to depopulate the old
States. Is this so? Has either the emigration of
our fathers, or the emigration of the present day,
injured in the least either France, Germany, Eng-
land, Scotland, or Ireland? It has yet to appear.
You may turn the tide of emigration, but you can-
not stop it. If the adventurous frontiersman cannot
go to Oregon, he will go somewhere else; he will not
be crowded; he will not allow his game to be fright-
ened by the crack of his neighbor's rifle, nor the bark
of his dog. He had a friend who lived in Ohio,
as long ago as it was on the extreme frontier. He
had been moving and moving away from the inroads
of society until he had reached the banks of the
Mississippi, and he was then about to move again.
He asked him his reason. He said it was the dying
advice of his father "to keep twenty miles beyond
law and calomel; and a doctor and a lawyer were
within fifteen miles, and he thought it time to go."
Another of these adventurers said, no gentleman
would live in a community after his wife could not
invite every person within five miles for fear her
log cabin would not contain them. There is a class
of men who will be continually on the outskirts of
civilized society. It is in vain for us to seek the
reason. As well may we ask why the water-fowl,
hatched on land away from its species, will reach
its element or die. "We may as well call it instinct,
and let it go. Aside from the eccentric characters
above alluded to, the young men from the old States
are continually seeking out new fields for the de-
velopment of their talents. Their industry and en-
terprise make them explore every part of the world.
In many parts it is considered discreditable for a
young man to settle down under the nose of his
parents, as showing a lack of manly perseverance;
and, with some, the further off they get the prouder
they themselves feel, and the prouder their parents
feel for them. Some years ago, in almost the last
place in New Hampshire, where snow capped the
circumambient mountains the year round, and
where the chicf product was granite, (and that was
so plenty it could not be given away,) he occupied
the same desk in a country school-house with a
couple of young lads whose mothers had taken oc-
casion to slur him for a want of enterprise in not
having gone further than Illinois. In looking up
these lads, he found one taking an active part in a
meeting got up in the Wallamette settlement in Ore-
gon, to petition Congress for the passage of some
such bill as that now before us. The other is settled
in Mexico, and is taking an active part in the revo-
lution against Santa Anna. Sir, we cannot stop the
roving spirit of our young men, nor should we if we
could. They will not settle down, and especially
those from a Yankee stock, until they have first
looked around; and he wished them, and in-
vited them, to take a look at Oregon (as the
merchants have it) before they purchase else-
where. And he wanted the government to
guaranty to them that they should not lose their
lives nor their scalps in getting there, and should
not be claimed as British subjects. But he ought
here to allude to another class of our western pio-
neers. He alluded to the religious missionaries,
' who are always ahead, paving the way for civiliza-
tion, overcoming the prejudices of the savage, and
instilling into his bosom the principles of Christiani-
ty. Who has ever moved so far beyond the reach
of organized governments that he has not found a
Methodist minister preceding him? He was wil-
ling that the oldest settlers of Iowa, Wisconsin,
Texas, California, or Oregon should answer this
question. Indeed, the first, and now the most im-
portant settlement in Oregon, that on the Walla-
mette, originated with a colony of Methodists from
Boston. He was not denying to other denomina-
tions due credit in speeding the march of civilization-
They had each and every one done good service.
But he spoke of the Methodist, because we are sure
to find him threading the wilderness in advance
of all settlements, whether we do others or not.
Sir, the tide of emigration has set strongly towards
Oregon. Though the route is a perilous one; though,
from exposure to every inclemency of the weather,
they are liable to every disease, yet emigrants are
continually wending their way to Independence, and
tarrying until enough for an emigrating party conies
up. It cannot be possible that these thousands of
our citizens on our own soil are to be abandoned to
the merciless savage, or given up to the British gov-
ernment as adopted British citizens. Never will
there be a more- propitious time for our action than
the present. Each hour's delay, strenghtens the Bri-
tish power, and weakens ours, if we can be said to
have any there. Now, then, is the time for action—
now the time to pass this bill. War there ^ill be
none; Lord Brougham thinks it better to cede away
whole territories rather than provoke a war with
America. What Great Britain cannot get from
us by negotiation, she will not undertake by
war. In all her negotiations with the United.
States she been remarkably successful. In
war, the case has been reversed. A bill of
this kind will show to her that we appreciate
the value of Oregon, and that we are determined
to protect our settlers there. If we, then, rescind
the article of joint occupancy, it will convince her
that we mean to enforce our claim. She will then
be a little more modest in her negotiation, and the
matter be amicably adjusted, if thus adjusted it ever
can be. We want no more child's play about this
matter. The period has arrived when our rights
should either be enforced or abandoned. Abandon-
ed? No, never, whilst our bosoms are fired by the
least spark of patriotism. When we consent to let
any more of our territory go to Great Britain, let
us consent to have all go. We want no more com-
promises of American soil—no more dismember-
ments of our country. The spirit of philanthropy
tells us to enlarge, but riot to diminish, in the least,
the area of freedom. Oregon being all ours, now is
the golden hour for possessing it. And, whilst we
are struggling to possess what our fathers wrong-
fully ceded away in 1819, now that we see that the
Briarian arms of England are extended to possess
all of Oregon, our action ought to be so decisive
that our posterity cannot hereafter rise up and say
that we lost Oregon by our indifference and neg-
lect.
Mr. HOLMES observed that all he had to say
was, that he was willing, he was anxious to vote for
Oregon. As at present advised, he could not see
our title to Oregon beyond the 49th degree of north
latitude. He was informed by a gentleman of the
Senate, [Mr. Buchanan,] by the chairman of the
Committee on Foreign Affairs of the House, [Mr.
C. J. Ingersoli.,] and by several other gentlemen
who had been fortunate enough to get an inspection
of Mr. Greenhow's book, that all doubts respecting
our claim from 49 degrees to 54 degrees 40 minutes
were cleared up. If the friends of Oregon were
really anxious that they should vote for this territo-
ry, they must give them light on the subject. He
asked gentlemen when a vast—almost an unlim-
ited—territory was concerned, the occupation of
which under this bill must cost millions of expendi-
ture, whether they would stop to quibble about
§3,000 of books to give them information? They
were entering on one of the nicest questions that
had ever involved this country; they were going
from 49 degrees to 54 degrees—up to Nootka sound
itself. They were venturing on an experiment
which would involve perhaps a direct collision with
the British power, which already had twenty forts
in possession there. And he said at once, if it is
ours let us have it at whatever consequences. Did
it not become the representatives of the people,
when they were about carrying out their high be-
hests, and involving all the interests of the country
in this great conflict, to diffuse these books and the
information they contained to every library and to
every mind? Or should they stop here for the petty
sum of §3,000 when a kingdom was involved?
The question was taken, and the amendment of
Mr. Simons to the amendment was rejected.
Mr. ANDREW JOHNSON moved to amend
the amendment by substituting for the bill a propo-
sition directing the sergeant-at-arms to purchase for
each member of the House one copy of this work,
to be paid from their respective per diem compensa-
tions; which was rejected without a division.
Mr. PATERSON moved an amendment to the
amendment, to reduce the number of copies to be
procured from 1500 to 500, and specifying the mode
of their distribution.
Mr. THOMASSON approved of this proposi-
tion, and hoped it would be adopted m lieu of Mr.
Dromgoole's.
Mr. PATERSON briefly explained, and advocated
his amendment to the amendment.
The question was then taken, and the amendment
to the amendment was rejected.
The question recurring on Mr. Dromgooi.f. s
amendment, (which limits the purchase to 100 cop-
ies,) was taken, and decided in the negative.
So the amendment was rejected.
The Clerk then resumed the reading of the bill.
The second and third sections having been read,.
Mr. DROMGOOLE moved an amendment to
strike out the provision for the distribution of one
copy to each member of the present Congress;
which amendment was rejected—ayes 39, noes 81.
One or two verbal amendments were made at the
motion of Mr. DROMGOOLE.
The bill was then laid aside, to be reported to
the House.
TERRITORIAL GOVERNMENT FOR OREGON.
On motion of Mr. A. V. BROWN, the bill to
organize a territorial government over Oregon Ter-
ritory, and for other purposes, was taken up.
The Clerk commented the reading of the bill.
Mr. COBB moved to dispense with its general
reading, and that it be read immediately by sec-
tions.
Mr. HAMMETT moved that the committee rise,
for the purpose of passing the bill for the purchase
of Mr. Greenhow's work. They warned the
books (he said) at the earliest moment. They
could pass the bill in five minutes, and then they
could leturn into committee on the Oregon bill.
The question was taken, and, being decided in the
affirmative,
The committee rose and reported the above named
bill to the House.
Mr. DOUGLASS then rose and observed that, as
it was important to pass this bill without delay, he
would move the previous question.
The question being put on the second to the pre-
vious question, it was carried.
Mr. C. JOHNSON moved to lay the bill on the
table, and called for the yeas and nays; which were
ordered, and the question being taken, it was deci-
ded in the negative—yeas 84, nays 94, as follows:
YEAS—Messrs. Arrington, Ashe, Atkinson, Barringer, Bel-
ser, Benton, Bidlaclc. James Black, James A. Black, Black-
well, Bower, Boyd, Brengle, Brinkerhofl', A. V. Brown, M.
Brown, Caldwell, lieuben Chapman, Coles, Cullom,
Dana, Daniel, Darragli, Garrett Davis, Richard D. Davis,
J. W. Davis, Dean, Unbcrry, Dromgoole, Duncan, Dunlap,
Elmer, Ficklm, French, Goggin, B. Green, Grider, Haral-
son, Hays, Iterrick, Houston, Hubard, James B. Hunt, Cave
Johnson, Andrew Johnson, 'George W. Jones, Andrew
Kennedy,' Preston King, Labranche, Lyon, McCauslen,
McClelland, McClernand, McConnell, McDowell, McKay,
Josepk Morris, Owen, Peyton, Pollock, Purdy, Rath-
bun, David S. Reid, Redmg, Bitter, Russell, Senter,
Simons, Simpson, Slidell, Thomas Smith, Caleb B. Smith,
Stfenrod, Stetson, Stiles, Tibbatts, Tucker, Vanmeter,
Weller, Wheaton, Benjamin White, Woodward, Joseph A.
Wright, and Yost—84.
NAYS.—Messrs. Abbott, Adams, Bayly, E. J. Black, Bow.
lin, Brodhead.Buflington, Burke, Burt, Carroll, Catlin, Cau-
sin, A. A. Chapman, Chappell, Chilton, Cobb, Coliamer,
Cross, Dellet, Dickey, Douglass, Ellis, Farlee, Fish, Flo-
rence, toot, Foster, Fuller, Giddings, Grinnell. Hale, E. S.
Hamlm, Hammett, Hardin, Harper, Henley, Holmes, Hoge,
Hudson, Washington Hunt, Charles J. Ingersoli, Joseph
It. Ingersoli, lrvin, Jameson, Perley B. Johnson, John P.
Kennedy, Daniel P. King, Kirkpatrick, Leonard, Lucas,
Lumpkin, Maclay, Mcllvaine, Marsh, Edward J. Morris,
Freeman H. Morse, Isaac 1'.. Morse, Moseley, Murphy. /
Newton, Morris, Parmenter, Paterson, Payne, Pl<xnix,
Elisha R. Potter, Emery D. Potter, Rhett, Roberts, Rock-
well, Rodney, Rogers, Sample, Saunders, Schenck, Sever-
ance, Thomas H. Seymour, David L. Seymour, Albert
Smith, John T. Smith, Strong, Summers, Sykes, Taylor,
Tliomasson, Thompson. Tyler, Vance, Vinton, Wentworth,
Wintlirop, William Wright, and Yancey—94.
The main question being first on agreeing to the
amendments made in Committee of the Whole, was
ordered, and being taken, was decided in the affirm-
tive; and, second,
The question was put on the engrossment of the
bill for a thiid reading, and also decided in the
affiimative.
The question arising on the passage of the bill,
Mr. JAMESON called for the previous question;
which was seconded, and the main question, which
was on the passage of the bill, ordered; when
Mr. McDOWELL called for the yeas and nays;
which being ordered, the question was taken, and
decided in the affirmative—yeas 106, nays 79, as
follows:
YEAS—Messrs. Abbot, Adams, Baker, Bayly, E. J. Black,
Brodhead, Buflington, Burke, Burt, Carpenter, ^Shepherd
Cary, Carroll, Catim, Causin, Augustus A. Chapman, Chap-
pell, Chilton, Cobb, Collamer, Cranston, Cross, G. Davis,
Dawson, Dellet, Dickey, Douglass, Dunlap, Ellis, Farlee,
Fish, Florence, Foot, Foster. Fuller, Giddings, Goggin, Hale,
Edward S. Hamlin, Hammett, Hardin, Harper, Henley,
11 ernek, Holmes, Hoge, Hudson, Washington Hunt, C.
J. Ingersoli, Joseph R. Ingersoli, lrvin, Jameson, Daniel F.
King, Kirkpatrick, Leonard, Lucas, Lumpkin, Maclay, Mc-
Clernand, Mcllvaine, Marsh, Edward Joy Morris, Free-
man H.Morse, Isaac E. Morse, Moseley, Murphy, Newton,
Norris, Parmenter, Payne, Phcenix, Elisha R. Potter, Emery
D. Potter, Ramsay, Rhett, Roberts, Rockwell, Rodney,
Rogers, Sample, Saunders, Schenck, Severance, Thomas
II. Seymour, Albert Smith,John T. Smith, Stephens, Alfred
P. Stone, Strong, Summers, Sykes, Taylor, Thomasson,
Thompson,ITilden, Tyler, Vance, Vanmeter, Vinton, Went-
