202
CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
SrJ}^ Jfhn White, Benjamin White, Winthrop,
William Weight; and Yancey—106. y
NAYS--Messrs. Arrington, Ashe, Atkinson, Bairinger,
Belser, JSent.On, .Bidlack, James Black, James A Black,
JjJackwett, Bower, Bowlin, Boyd, Brsngle, Brinkerhoff,
Aaron V, Brown, Milton Brown, Caldwell, Reuben Chap-
man, Colee; Cullom, Dana, Daniel, Darragh, Richard D.
Davis, Dean, Deberry, Dromgoele, Duncan, Elmer, Ficklin,
French, Byrara Green, Grider, Haralson, Hays, Houston,
Hubara, J. B. Hunt, Cave Johnson, Perley B Johnson, An-
drew Johnson, George W. Jones, A.Kennedy, Preston King,
Labranche, Lyon, MoCauslen, McClelland, McKay, Joseph
Morris, Owen, Paterson, Peyton, Pollock, Purdy,feathbun,
David S. Beid, Reding, Ritter, Kobinson, Russell, Senter,
Simons, Simpson, Slidell, Thomas Smith, Caleb B. Smith,
Steenrod, Stetson, John Stewart, Stiles, Tibbatts, Tucker,
WeUer, Wheaton, Woodward, Joseph A. Wright, and Yost
So the bill was passed.
Mr. A. V. BROWN then moved that the rules
be suspended, that the Housa might resolve itself
into committee of the Whole on the state of the
Union.
Tellers were called for, and Messrs. Winthrop
and Stewart of Connecticut weie appointed; and
they reported 74 in the affirmative, and 52 in the
negative.
So the House resolved itself into Committee of
the Whole, (Mr. Weller in the chair,) and took
up the Oregon bill.
Mr. A. V. BROWN said (the first section being
the pending question) that he had an amendment
to propose. He moved to strike out the word
"nine," so as to make the boundary 54 degrees
40 minutes, instead of 54 decrees 49 minutes.
Mr. ADAMS rose and said, before the question
was put on that amendment he desired to inquire
from the chairman of the committee who had re-
ported this bMl upon what ground he made such a
motion; and also by what authority he fixed upon
54 degrees 40 minute*. He wished also to take this
opportunity to say that he desired this bill postponed
for a few days. They had just passed a joint reso-
lution to purchase the history of the country
in dispute, and he hoped they would be able
to procure those books, and have an opportuni-
ity to become acquainted with their contents,
so that they might ascertain whether 54 de-
grees and 49 minutes, 54 degrees 40 minutes, or
even a more distant boundary, was not the cor-
rect one. He was sitisfiedthis was not a question
to be treated lightly. He believed the time had
come for action on this subject. He believed the
time had come when they should give notice to
Great Britain for the termination of the joint occu-
pation. He however wished to see this book,
which they had ordered, to ascertain if it threw any
additional light on the subject. He was satisfied of
our title to a portion of tho territory of the Ore-
gon under the Florida treaty with Spain, and in
respect to the rest he was open to conviction. And
with that view, he desired to see the book of Mr.
Greenhow. He should also be glad if the chair-
man of the committee, from which this bill
came, or some other gentleman, would sub-
mit a resolution calling upon tho President
of the United States to inform the House
what communication on this subject had taken place
between this government and that of Great Britain.
At the last session he was not prepared to act upon
this subject at all. He was not then prepared to
agree to a termination of the joint occupancy of
that territory; but he was ready now to do so, and
he was satisfied that this subject should now be set-
tled. He did not know in what state the negotia-
tion now was. They were informed at the last ses-
sion that the negotiation was in train of settlement.
But five or six months had since passed, and the nego-
tiating parties had had ample time to come to some un-
derstanding. Without aknowledge of the state of the
negotiation, and the history which the House had
now ordered, this committee could not act satisfac-
torily- They knew that Great Britain had disputed
our title to every part of the territory. Gentlemen
• had spoken of our indisputable title to the Oregon; but
there was a great difference between "indisputable
' and "undisputed," when the question was one of
boundary. Great Britain had a government, and
great guns to sustain her right, and it became
them to act coolly, and not pass a resolution calling
for information, and then act before they cou pr -
cure the information. He also desired to see why
•the chairman of the committee now proposed to
give up nine miles of that territory to which, ac-
cording to some gentlemen, our title was indisputa-
ble. They had often said they would not give up
an inch of the territory; but here the chairman of the
sommittee proposed to give up rune miles. tie
made these observations that he might obtain the
answer of the chairman of the Committee on Terri-
tories. And he again suggested to the committee
the expediency of pausing until they got this "gos-
pel" of their title (laughter) which they had or-
dered, and until they could have an opportunity to
look over it, and see both sides of the question.
He was, as much as any member of this House,
for bringing this issue to a point. But then he did
not wish to enter upon the discussion of this matter
before the world until we could show that we had
the best of the argument. He wished to have the
reasons given to the world for our taking possession
of seven degrees of latitude, and perhaps more; and
whenever we took it, too, he hoped we should have
it defined geographically, defined politically, and,
more than all the rest, defined morally; and then if
we came to a question with Great Britain, he should
say, "Come on, Macduff!" [Laughter.]
Mr. A. V. BROWN said, in reply to the gentle-
man from Massachusetts, whv he had made the
motion the strike out the word "nine," he would
state that, at the last session, when the Committee
on Territories reported this bill, it was reported cor-
rectly; but by some mistake in copying, or other-
wise, 49 minutes was inserted instead of 40.
Where did the committee get the 54 degrees 40
minutes from? he supposed was the question sub-
stantially which the gentleman intended to ask. He
read from the report of the Committee on Territories
of last session, showing that that parallel was mken
from the treaty between the United States and Rus-
sia of April, 1824.
The gentleman from Massachusetts seemed
anxious that this subject should lie over. Mr. B.
had called it up this morning because of its import-
ance to the whole country, and because he had giv-
en assurance that he would move it immediately af-
ter the settlement ofthe gieatTexas question. Thus
he had called it up; lie had no design however to
press it with a precipitancy unbecoming the magm-
nitude of the question.
So far us related to the American title to the
country, to the full extent of the limits proposed by
the bill, as reported by the committee, lie knew of
no public man in the United States who did doubt
the title of the United States to the full extent of
54° 40'. But the Committee on Territories, when
they proposed to extend our laws to the whole ex-
tent of that country, did not imagine that they were
interfering in the slightest degree with the negotia-
tion now in progress upon the subject; and the
committee believed that the United States was as-
serting only the same jurisdiction over that entire
country that Great Britain was now exercising. It
was well understood that the laws ol the United
States now extended over that whole territory.
Why, then, might not we do what they proposed'
Our people had gone to that country, to which few,
if any, entertained the slightest doubt of our title;
and being there, they stood every day in need of our
legislation. Great Britain had her magistrates there;
she had sent thither her code of laws, her judicial
tribunals; she had fortifications studded all over
that country; and what was there in existing trea-
ties which forbade our doing the same thing? Should
we lag behind—ay, should wc longer lag behind on
this great question' We did not propose to do
more than she had done, but to do as much; and he
trusted that this House would never hesitate to do
it, which they might do without violating any ex-
isting stipulations between the two countries.
He had never believed that, under the treaty of
1818, or of 1897, Great Britain, or any of her sub-
jects, ever held joint possession or occupancy of
that territory with the United States. The Com-
mittee on Territories entertained the opinion that
we had had, at least since 1812, exclusive right of
possession; and Great Britain had never divided that
right with the United States at all. The stipulation
of the treaty was only that they should have the
privilege of entering through the bays and harbors
of that country ir.to Oregon, for the purpose of car-
rying on their trade, for purposes of hunting and fish-
in", &e ; but while they had this privilege it never
was intended by the stipulations of our treaty that
they should come in and claim undivided possession
of the territory. However that might be, if they
claimed joint possession with the United States, and
had extended their laws there, was there any reason
why the United States might not do the same thing.'
There might be collisions, to be sure, in joint occu-
pation; and when they arose, they must be provided
for; but the question of the probability of collision
was not one which addressed itself to this House at
all. That was a question for the consideration Sf
the executive, whether he should give the notiee
contemplated by the convention of 1827. Not*,
the Committee on Territories believed, when they
reported this bill, that they were acting strictly and
exclusively within the legislative powers of Con-
gress; that they were leaving the executive to act
when and how it pleased with regard to giving this
notice to terminate what was usually called the
joint possession of this country. That was a ques-
tion with which they did not intend to interfere.
The gentleman from Massachusetts had stated that
he had no doubt as to tho ownership by the United
States of that country from 42 to 49 degrees. Well,
over so much of the territory it would be right to
extend our laws and our institutions; and the com-
mittee behoved our title was good from 49 deg. to
54 deg. 40 min.u mid they proposed to extend our
j urisdiction over the whole country.
Suppose, now, this jurisdiction progressed and
terminated by the loss of that portion of the coun-
try, (which he supposed only for tho sake of the ar-
gument, and whic.li ho had no idea would be the
case,) why, to that extent the treaty stipulations be-
tween the two countries would curtail our legisla-
tion, and would leave our resolutions in full force,
and our laws in full operation over tho whole tsrri-
tory south of the line ultimately agreed on by this
negotiation. So, that in no possible point of view,
could he imagine any reason why this House should
not go as fur as they were called on to go by the
Committee on Territories. Let the negotiation ter-
minate as it might, there must be a large portion of
the territory to which Great Britain, although she
had claims, had yet no just claims; and over that
territory our legislation was to bo extended.
But inasmuch as Great Britain, as the gentleman
from Massachusetts hud said, exercised jurisdiction
as far as «°, could we not as well exercise jurisdic-
tion up to 54° 40', with as much propriety; leaving
all questions with regard to settlement of boundary
to the negotiation, us now progressing, and leaving
this House and the other branch of Congress to
establish tt territorial government in that country,
subject to whatever was the result of the negotia-
In this view the bill was reported; and he desired,
in order that every gentleman should be fully ap-
prised of the grounds on which the bill was present-
ed to the House, that a few pages of the report of last
session accompanying the bill should be read.
They were read by tho Clerk accordingly, as fol-
lows:
in presenting this bill thus modified, and recommending
its passage, it is a source of satisfaction to the committee
to know that it is in precise accordance with the avowed
opinions not only of tlie present, but of several preceding
Presidents ofthe United States, As far back as December,
mt, Mr Monroe, in his annual message to the two Houses
of Gontrress, strongly recommended the propriety olestab-
lishiug * military poH at the mouth of the Columbia river,
or at sonic other point within our acknowledged limits.
This he did, not only as a protection to our then increasing
commerce, and to our fisheries, but as a piotection to all
our inteiests in that quarter, and us a means of conciliating
the various tribes of Indians throughout oyr northwestern
possessions. He further added, "that it was thought, also,
by the establishment of Mich a post, the intercourse be-
tween our western States and Territories and the Pacific,
and our trade with the tribes residing in the interior, on
each side of the Rocky mountains, would be essentially
promoted. Mr Adams, in his message to the next suc-
ceeding Congress, follows up this suggestion of Mr. Mon-
roe, and recommends not only the establishment of a mili-
tary post at or near the mouth of the Columbia, but the
t!<i ui tjmeii t of a'public ship for the exploration ofthe whole
northwestern coast of this continent. Ii these recommenda-
tions are limited to the protection of our commerce
«md fisheries, to the trade with intermediate ind an
tribes and to the promotion of our intercourse with the
Pacific, it must have been only because at that time we had
no fixed population there, looking to the peimanent settle-
ment of the countiy for agricultural purposes. Since 1824
and lSii5 however, we have advanced far beyond the then
necessities of om people, and are now called upon to give
the protection of our laws and the benefit of our free institu-
tions to those who have made it their permanent abode, and
whose purposes are to bring into cultivation that vast por-
tion of our empire.
The President ofthe United States, in his annual message
at the commencement of the present session, presented
theselaltered ciieumstances in'thc condition of that country
to the attention of Congress, and with, much cogency rec-
ommended tho very measure which the committee have re-
ported. He says: "In the mean tune, it is proper to remark,
that many of ourcitizciw are either already established in
the Territory, or are on their way thither, for the purpose
offormmar permanent settlements, while others are prepar-
ing to follow, and, m view of these facts, I must repeat the
recommendations contained in previous messages, for the
establisnment of military posts at such places on the line of
travel, as will furnish security and protection to our hardy
adventurers against hostile tribes of Indians inhabiting
those extensive regions. Our laws should, also follow them,
bo modified as the circumstances of the case may seem to
