CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
203
require. Under the influence or our free system of govern-
ment, new republics are destined to spring up, at no distant
day, on the shores of the •Pacific, similar in policy and in
feeling to those existing on this side of the Rocky moun-
tains, and giving a wider and more extensive spread to the
principles of civil and religious liberty."
Inthe bill which we have reported, it will be found that
we have responded not only to the opinions of Mr. Monroe
and Mr. Adams in relation to tlie establishment of military
posts, but we have adopted the just and proper sentiments
of the present executive in reference to the increased settle^
ment of our population in that distant region. Our people
ka.v© gone to Oregon, and we are only sending our laws
after them. It might be greater precision, however, to say
that our laws had preceded them; that-they had been always
there, coeval with our rights to the country 5 and that we
are now only proposing to give them activity and force by
government organization. In doing so, we introduce no
new policy into the action ©1 the federal government.
At the time ofthe establishment of our national independ-
ence, our population was confined to a comparatively nar-
row slip of country bordering on the Atlantic. As fast,
however, as our settlements extended into the West in suiii-
cient numbers, new Territories were established. These, at
first, were confined to the Mississippi rivdr for their com-
mon western boundary. After the acquisition of Louisiana,
the same wise and necessary policy has been pursued, ob-
serving limits, m several cases, but little short of the Rocky
mountains. In the rapid maiohof our empire-republic, the
time has now arrived for the extension of the same policy
beyond those mountains, recognising the chores of the
Pacific as the only final terminus of our dominions.
The propriety of this extension is dependent, of course,
on the validity of the title ofthe United States to the tccrito-
ry embraced in the bill. This question we were obliged to
meet anterior to all action on the subject. In its investigd*
tion we have looked into the most authentic histories of
voyages and discoveries on the northwestern coast of
America. We have consulted the opinions of our most dis-
tinguished and best-intormed public men, from Mr. Jeffer-
son down to the present time. We have carefully examin-
ed all the treaties among the several nations claiming to
have an interest m the subject; not neglecting to profit by
the reports made by Mr. Baylies to the 19th, and Mr. Gush-
ing to the 25th Congress, and by the several reports, and
speeches of the late lamented senator from Missouri, who
had devoted so much of the labor of his great mmd to the
investigation.of this subject. The s esult of all this investi-
gation has been a thorough conviction that the United
States has a good and indefeasible title, as against any for-
eign power, to the country extending east and west from
the Rocky mountains to the Pacific ocean, and north and
south from the limits of Mexico, in latitude 42 degrees
north, to those of Russia, in latitude 54 degrees 40 minutes
north.
The southern boundary was fixed by the treaty with
Spain in 1819, commonly called the Florida treaty. By that
treaty it is agreed that the boundary line between the pos-
sessions of the two nations west of the Mississippi, after
reaching the river Arkansas, shall be, "following the course
of the southern bank ofthe Arkansas to its source in lati-
tude 42 degrees; and thence by that parallel ot latitude to
the South sea." In 1828 this line was confirmed by Mexico,
as the successor of Spain, in a treaty of limits between her-
self and the United States. The southern boundary is, then,
fixed and certain. As to the northern one, it was settled at
64 degrees and 40 minutes by a treaty between the United
States and Russia, dated 17th April, 1824, by which it was
agreed that there should not be formed by the citizens of
the United States, or under the authority of the same, any
establishment upon the northwest coast of America, norm
any of the islands adjacent, to the north of 51 degrees and
40 minutes of north latitude; and, m like manner, none
by Russia or her subjects south ofthe same parallel of lati-
tude.
By virtue of these treaties, Russia on the north, Mexico
on the south, and the United States on the ea6t, are all
agreed and well satisfied as to the boundaries of the Oregon
country. Great Britain alone asserts or pretends any title
to it, or any part of it, adverse to that of the United States.
Before we enter upon any examination of her title, we
respectfully beg leave to submit our views on another ques-
tion presented to our consideration. It is contended that
the passage of the bill now reported would be inconsistent
with the actual relations of the two governments defined
by the convention of the 20th October, 1818. The 3d arti-
cle is as follows:
"Art. 3. It is agreed that any country that may be claim-
ed by either party on the northwest coast of America, west-
ward of the Stony mountains, shall, together with its har-
bors, bays, and creeks, and the navigation of all rivers \\ ith-
in the same, be free and open for the term of ten years from
the date of the signature of the present convention, to the
vessels, citizens, and subjects of the two pow ers. It bein^
well understood, that this agreement is not to bo construed
to theprejudiee of any claim which either of the two high
contracting parties may have to any pari oj said country; nor
shall it be taken to afiectthe claim of any other power or
State to any part of said country: the only object ofthe
high contracting parties, in that respect, being to prevent
disputes and differences among themselves."
The provisions of this article were indefinitely extended
by the convention of 1827—with, however, an agreement
that it should be competent for either, at any time after the
20th of October, 1828, on giving due notice ol twelve months
to the other contracting party, to annul and abrogate said
convention. The first remark which the committee will
submit on the provisions ofthe 3d article of the convention
of 1818, is, that they do not refer to tho possession of the ter-
ritory at all. That^oss^sston had always been m the United
States until the war of 1812. It was then lost by conquest;
but it was fully restored by the treaty of peace, and the for-
mal surrender of it to the United States under that treaty.
It was only the right of entering into the country—into its
bays and harbors—for the mere purposes of such trade and
commerce as was then carried on in that region, that was
secured to the subjects of Great Britain. The same rights
might have been extended to any of the ports, bays, and
rivers of the Atlantic; but if extended in the precise words
©f the convention of X818, who would have thought that
Great Britain would have been admitted to the joint occu-
pancy of Massachusetts, New York, Virginia, the Carolinas,
and the other States ofthe Union?
If the possession of the territory was in the United States
at the tims of the convention of 1818—a fact which no one
has ever attempted to deny—the provision of the 3d .section
can only be regarded as a permission to the subjects of
Great Britain to participate with ours in the individual rights
of trade and commerce enjoyed by our own citizens with-
in the territory. The bill which is now reported does not
eject them from the country at all. It does not deprive them
of the privilege of entering into the country, its bays and
rivers; not at all. But it even guaranties a fuller and more
perfect enjoyment of these individual rights, Under an or-
ganized and well-administered system of laws. From ex-
treme caution, and to exhibit "toward OieatBritain the most
scrupulous regard for all existing stipulations, which might
be supposed to have an application to the subject, the bill
proposes a speedy surrender of all British subjects who
may be charged with any violations of our laws to the near-
est British authorities having jurisdiction over such cases.
The permission given to British subjects to participate with
our own citizens in the enjoyment of personal or individual
rights within the territory, never can be considered as cir-
cumscribing the right of the United States to establish a
proper government for the regulation of all persons inhabit-
ing the country, ol which she had the undisputed posses-
sion. In this view, the provision for delivering up British
subjects to their nearest tribunals could not have been just-
ly required, but the same has been conceded by the com-
mittee, on the scrupulous principle just adverted to
As to the twelve months' notice required to be given by
the convention of 1827, the committee do not regard that as
at all necessity, m order to open the way to such action ps
is contemplated by this bill. The committee do not know
that, for the purpose of organizing such a government as is
now contemplated, it is at all important to annul or abro-
gate that convention. That country is large, and theieis
evidently loom enough for the subjects and citizcns of both
countries, in the exercise of all their enterprise m trade and
commerce All that will be lequired of them is to conform
to the laws, and to respect the institutions, which we may
establish Doing this, we shall never envy the equal par-
ticipation pn the benefits and advantages to ne derived from
a well organized sj stem of government. Any possible in-
conveniences arising from the continuance of the conven-
tion of 18J7, not now anticipated by the committee, can, and
doubtless will, be loeked to by the executive, who can at
anytime abrogate the same, by giving tho notice contem-
plated in it. The giving of that notice, being a matter of
treaty stipulation, belongs, perhaps, exclusively to the ex-
cxecutive, on whose province theie is no occasion, and the
committee have no inclination, to intrude
In connection with this branch of the subject, the com-
mittee will adveit to the fact, (as it is now understood to be,)
that negotiations are m progess between the United States
and Great Britain on the subject of this territory. They con-
ceive that this should make no difference in the action of the
committee. They have to acton the subject as it is now
presented to them—not as it may be changed or altered
hereafter, by any future arrangements between the two
countiies. If tho United States have nonv the light to the
Oregon country—if they have now the sole and undisputed
psssession of it—if our people have vow permanent settle-
ments in it, and every day suffering for the want of proper-
ly.organized government to protect the viituous andie-
strain the vicious,—we ought not to withhold our action,
undor the possibility of some alteration in the relations of
the two countries in that region, at some uncertain and in-
definite period. That negotiation can still progress; and
any treaty stipulation inconsistent with our legislation, will
control it to the extent ol such interlerence. No one, we
believe, supposes that the pending negotiations can ever
result inthe entire loss ofthe Oregon country. Enough
will doubtles remain of it, under any circumstances, to re-
quire the extension of our laws in the manner now con-
templated. If the present negotiation relates (as the com-
mittee apprehend it does) solely to the ascertainment and
settlement of the northern boundary of the territory, they
can anticipate, from no examination which they have been
able to make, any such loss of country in that direction, as
will at all affect the piopnety of the passage of the bill
which is now piesented to the House.
There is enough, doubtless, for that negotiation to act
upon, without resorting even to the supposition that any
portion of our territory south of latitude 64 degrees 40 min-
utes north may be lo&t. We propose the extension of our
laws fully up to that latitude, and will now submit the
grounds on which wc maintain that the United States has a
full and indefeasible right and title to that point. We adopt
as our own, and submit to the House, the views of a former
committe on the question of title; which we believe must
carry conviction to every disinterested and impartial
mind.
Mr. DUNCAN obtained the floor, and yielded to
Mr. D. L. SEYMOUR, who moved that the
committee rise.
Mr. S., however, withdrew for a moment the mo-
tion at the request of his colleague, Mr. King.
Mr. PRESTON KING said he desired to know
from the chairman of the Committee on Territories
whether the country was to expect that negotiation
would establish a line short of the claim and just
title of the United States on the northern boundary
of Oregon. He understood the chairman to speak
of such a line, and to argue that if such a line should
be established, this bill would still answer, and
would extend our protection over that portion of
tlie territory that might not be surrendered by nego-
tiation with Great Britain. He desired to know
whether he understood the honorable chairman cor-
rectly?
Mr. A. V. BROWN, in reply to thegentleman from
New York, stated that he had submitted nothing
that implied any ®cpectation that any loss of this
territory which he experienced under this negotia-
tion. He had stated that he did not expect or
believe that the title of the United States, up to 54°
40^ at least, would be questioned. After a remark
or too further in recapitulation" of his statements
above, ' .
Mr. KING resumed. When the chairman of
the Committee on Foreign Affairs presented his
resolutions for the annexation of Texas, the honora-
ble chairman informed the House that the annexa-
tion of Texas would produce "no difficulty with
Mexico; that the United States had money, the
great sinew of war, and Mexico had not, and that
money would keep the peace. The honorable
chairman also informed the House that the annexa-
tion of Texas would not disturb the amicable rela-
tions existing between the United States and Great
Britain; and for this declaration the gentleman said
he had the very highest authority, which it was un-
necessary for him to name. The chairman did not
inform the House what was to purchase the unwil-
ling acquiescence of Great Britain. Knowing, as
we here know, the determination on the part of the
American people to sustain and defend ev'ery right
of the nation, and particularly our rights against
any encroachment from Great Britain, no man
would have the right, from the remarks of the
chairman of the Committee on Foreign Affairs, to
presume that a portion of Oregon was, by negotia-
tion, to be surrendered to Great Britain, that Eng-
land might lend her friendly acquiescence to
the annexation of Texas to the United States.
But when now the chairman of tlie Committee
on Territories presents the Oregon question to the
House, and speaks of a line which negotiation may
settle south of our northern boundary line of Oregon;
and that his bill, if not good for the whole, will be
good for what is left of Oregon, I think there is
reason for apprehensions that negotiation may-cede
our title to a portion of Oregon—may admit it
away. The House should call, upon the execu-
tive for information. For one (said Mr. K.) I
would repel the first intimation that any portion of
Oregon was to be ceded by negotiation to Great
Britain; and would repel the intimation that it was
probable or possible that this country would ratify
or submit to negotiation that was to cede away a part
of Oregon to England for any purpose under the
sun. It was to rtpel (Mr. K. said) the first intima-
tion on this floor that a part of Oregon was to be
negotiated away, that he had risen. Having done
so, so far as he was concerned, he had accomplished
his purpose.
Mr. A. V. BROWN was totally at a loss to know
how the gentleman could have misapprehended
what he said. He stated distinctly that he had no
suspicion that an acre of land would be surrendered,
though he went on to meet a possible Case. Did not
the very fact that we had entered into negotiations
with Great Britain make the possibility? That was
all he said; and he begged the gentleman not to make
a wrong impression on the public mind.
Mr. C.J. INGERSOLL rose,when
Mr, DUNCAN claimed the floor. He had yield-
ed it only for the purpose of moving that the commits
tee rise.
The CHAIR said the gentleman had yielded the
floor to the gentleman from New York, Mr. Sey-
mour, who had yielded it to his colleague; and the
gentleman from Pennsylvania next addressing the
Chair, was entitled to it.
Mr. DUNCAN appealed from the decision ofthe
Chair.
Mr. SEYMOUR explained that when the gen-
tleman from Ohio got the floor, he yielded it to nim
(Mr. S.) for the purpose of moving that the com-
mittee rise; and that he then yielded it to his col-
league, [Mr. Preston King,] to allow him to ask
an explanation of the chairman of tire Committee
on Foreign Relations.
The question was then taken on Mr. Duncan's
appeal, and resulted in sustaining the decision of
the Chair—ayes 74, noes 50.
Mr. C. J. INGERSOLL observed that the gentle-
man from New York over the way had repeated
to-day, with emphasis, and he thought a decided
emphasis, what he had heard from the gentleman from
Massachusetts, [Mr. Adams,] and several others,
viz: that he (Mr. I.) had stated in the course of tho
debate on this subject that peace was to be bought
with Mexico.
He rose to state that he never intended to say any
such thing. When he used the expression, "that
we have the sin^vs of war"—moaey—the idea of
