:e«'
204
CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
buymg peace never entered, into his head. There
were vjrious questions pending between this coun-
try and Mexico, arising from the unsatisfied claims
of oi>r;:citi?ens, questions of boundary, &c.; and his
notions were, in common with those of many dis-
tinguished and intelligent individuals, that we should
treat Mexico with a great 'deal of liberality and for-
bearance. With these views, and without the idea
of buying peace, he had Supposed that money might
be used on questions respecting their debt, territory,
&c. Gentlemen would find that he was as little dis-
posed to sell the rights of our country on this Texas
question, or Oregon question, as any one on that
floor.
Mr. DUNCAN then obtained the floor, and yield-
ed it to
Mr. THOMPSON, who moved that the com-
mittee rise.
Mr. McCLERNAND, by general consent, asked
and obtained leave to report a bill for the sale of the
mineral lands in the State of Illinois, and the Ter-
ritories of Iowa and Wisconsin; and upon his mo-
tion the same was ordered to be printed, and refer-
red to the Committee of the Whole on the state of
the Union.
The question was then put on the motion that the
committee rise; which was carried, and the commit-
tee rose and reported progress.
The House then adjourned.
House ot? Representatives,
January 27, 1845.
Gentlemen : Having been confined to my bed
by severe disease on Saturday, I was unable to re-
cord my vote on the very important subject of an-
nexation of Texas; and that I may not be misun-
derstood or misrepresented, I desire to say, that had
I been present on the final vote, my name would have
been recorded in the negative.
O. HUNGERFORD.
Messrs. Blair & Rives.
IN SENATE.
Tuesday, January 28, 1845.
Mr. DICKINSON presented a memorial from
Asa Whitney, esq., asking for a grant of land to
enable him to construct a railroad from Lake Mi-
chigan to the Pacific ocean; which was referrred to
the Committee on Roads and Canals, and ordered to
be printed.
' Mr. PEARCE presented a petition from Martin
Penwick, esq., praying for the confirmation of his
title to a tract of land; which was referred to the
Committee on Private Land Claims.
Mr. ASHLEY presented a petition from W tl-
liam Hickman and 60 others, citizens of Washita
and Union counties, Arkansas, praying for the es-
tablishment of amail route from Little Rockto Cam-
den; also from Camden, Arkansas, to Minden, in
the State of Louisiana; and a petition from Captain
Richard Tate and 58 others, of Washita county,
praying for the same object: referred to the Com-
mittee on the Post Office and Post Roads.
Mr. BAGBY presented joint resolutions of the
legislature of Alabama, praying Congress to adopt
such a rate of postage as to conform it to the federal
coin: referred to the Committer on j-hc Post Office
and Post Roads, and ordered to be printed.
Mr. ATCHISON presented a petition from Dal-
las county, Missouri, praying for the establishment
of a mail route from Warsaw, Benton county, via
Buffalo, Dallas county, to Springfield. Also a pe-
tition from members of the legislature of^Missouri,
praying for a mail route: referred to the Committee
on the Post Office and Post Roads.
Mr. PHELPS presented a petition from sundry
citizens of Pittsford, Veimont, one part remon-
strating against the annexation of Texas to the
United States, and the other part pray mg for the ab-
olition of slavery in the District of Columbia. On
his motion, so much as related to Texas was refer-
red to the Committee on Foreign Relations; arid the
question of reception being raised on theslaveiy
portion, it was ordered to lie on the table.
Mr. JOHNSON submitted the following resolu-
tion; which w as agreed to, viz:
roc* failures; the steps taken bj the Port OlMe
Department to insure a more regular c0.n'';\ .
S; and Whether or not further legislation is
quired to prevent such failures in luture.
Mr 'HUNTINGTON presented a memorial
from sundry electors of the county of New Lon-
don, Connecticut, remonstrating against the annexa-
tion of Texas to the United States: referred to the
Committee on Foreign Relations.
Also, presented a memorial from the Rev. John
P. Hough and Samuel Hough, praying for the ar-
rears of pension due their mother, the widow of Dr.
Hough, of the revolutionary army: referred to the
Committee on Pensions.
Mr. DICKINSON, on leave, introduced a bill
concerning the district and circuit courts of llio
northern district of New York; which was read
twice, and referred to the Committee on the Judi-
ciary.
Mr. ASHLEY submitted the resolution below.
He remarked that he knew nothing about the sub-
ject matter of it. It was handed to him from a
high and respectable source. The resolution was
read, and agreed to, as follows:
Resoli td, That the Committee on Military AttYiirs be in-
structed to iuqune into the expediency of authorizing the
Secretary of War to make expeuments for testing the "utili-
ty of ail alleged improvement in the use of artillery, invent-
ed by ltobert McCarty, of the State of New York; unci that
said committee be authoii/ed to report by bill or other-
wise.
Mr. WOODBRIDGE remarked that he had re-
ceived a communication making application for
some of the books published by order of Congress.
The application came in the shape of a private letter,
and not in the form of a memorial to Congress. He
thought proper, therefore, to introduce a resolu-
tion; winch was read as follows:
liesolwd, That the Joint Committee on the Library inquire
into the expediency of supplying one setof "American Ar-
chietes," one set of the "Anieucan State rapers." (in 31
vols.) to the tutroil \ oung Men's Society, a hteiary associ-
ation in tile State of Michigan.
The resolution was then agreed to.
Mr. HENDERSON, from the Committee on
Private Land Claims, to which was referred the pe-
tition of A. Ledour & Co., and others, of New
Orleans, reported a bill to authorize the relocation of
a land claim No. 3, 4, and 5, granted by Congress
to General Lafayette; which wns read, and ordered
to a second reading, and the report accompanying it
to be printed.
Mr. FOSTER presented additional documents in
support of the claim of John Cocke, of Tennessee,
for advances to the Cherokee Indians; which wore
referred to the Committee on Claims.
Mr. BAGBY presented the credentials of the
Hon. Dixon H- Lewis, elected by the legislature of
Alabama a senator from that State to fill the vacancy
occasioned by the resignation of the lion. Wii.liam
It. King. The credentials being read, he qualified
and took his seat.
Mr. BERRIEN presented the decision of the
Supreme Court in the ease of John M'Dotiough vs.
Laurent Millanden, and others, plaintiffs in error;
which, on his motion, was ordered to be printed, in
connection with the report of the Secretary of the
Treasury, furnishing information touching the
Houma claim, which is now in the process of being
printecf.
Mr. BERRIEN, from the Committee on the Ju-
diciary, to which was referred the memorial of a
number of citizens of Michigan, praying for the ex-
tension of admiralty jurisdiction over the northern
and northwestern lakes, reported a bill further to
provide for the punishment of offences against the
United States; which was read, and oidered to a
second reading- , . ,
Mr. BREESE presented the credentials of the
Hon. James Sbmple, elected by the legislature of
Illinois to fill the vacancy in the Senate of the Uni-
ted States occasioned by the death of the Hon.
Samuel McRoberts.
The resolution submitted by Mr. Ashley yes-
terday, empowering the Secretary of the Senate to
have printed for the use of the Senate 1 ,^>00 copies
of the land laws and decisions on land cases by
the departments since the second session of the 25th
Congress, came up for consideration; and after a
few remarks by Mr. ASHLEY and Mr. WOOD-
BRIDGE, showing the great importance of the pub-
lication to aid the people of the new States m the ad-
justment of their land titles, it was, on the sugges-
tion of Mr. HUNTINGTON, referred to the Com-
mittee on Public Lands.
The bill from the House for the purchase of cer-
tain copies of the History of Oregon, California,
and the other territories on the nmthwesu-in Oo.ut
of America, was read twice and referred to the Com-
mittee on the Library.
CHOCTAW CONTRACTS.
On motion by Mr. JARNAGIN, his resolution
(published in yesterday's proceedings) colling on
the Secretary of War for information™ reference to
the removal of the Choctaw Indians, was taken up
for consideration, when Mr. J. moved the following
substitute for the original resolution, which w&a
" to, viz:
Jiefofrerf, That the Secretary of War inform the Senate
whutcontracts have hcietofore been made for the removal
of the Clioetaws remaining east of the Mississippi river, end
for their subsistence for twelve months after their arrival in
Uie country assigned to them west of the Mississippi, and
that he furnish a copy of all such contraotS; whether any
advertisements were made of the intention of the govern-
ment to make such contracts; and if not, whether proposals
for said contracts were made by any other persons than
those to w horn such contracts were let. If such proposal*
were received and examined, whether, at the time they
were opened, the present contractors were the lowest bid-
ders for both of said contracts; and if not, who was fee
lowest hiddcr, and under what circumstances the present
contractors became the lowest bidders; what amount of
money has been advanced to these contractors on account
ol saiii contracts,   lien and to whom; whether there is any
contract, ugtaoment, or understanding that the contractors
are to have any additional allowance for ferriages or other
causes; and it so, what is tho natureofthe said contract,
ngiecnient. or understanding; whether said contractors,
if anv contracts have been made, have given bond and se-
curity for tlicir laithful peilormanee, in what amount, and
the names ol their sureties, whether any allegations have
been made to the department against the suffleiency of said
emetics, and what steps have been taken in relation thereto;
and whether the department lias required from the oon-
tiartors additional surety, whether the same has been
giyen. and it so, the names of such bondsmen-, and what
steps have been taken by the contiactors for the re-
moval of the said Indians; by what time, under saidcon-
tiaet, were they bound to have a party under way, and
whether any have yet started on their journey. And that
he intorm the Senate f m ther, what amount of scrip lias been
issaed by the department m the name and for the use of cer-
tain Choctaw Indians, under the aetof Congress ol the S3d
August, IM-.' ; to whom said scrip has been delivered, and
a copy of the mstiuotions given to such agent; whether
said agent is in any mannei interested in either of the con-
tract!, above referred to , whether lie has given security for
the faiihtul disliilnition of said scrip, and in what amount,
and who ale his aroiii ities. And that lie. inform the Senate
further, whether he lias given any instructions himself, or
caused them to lie given by any other person, to the Choc-
taw agent, asking and requiring him to license any person
to trade with the I tioct.iw Indians in tile country west, and
if so. the name of the peison to be licensed, and that he
communicate copies of all communications in His office in
udation to said subjects.
On motion by Mr. J., the resolution was ordered
to be on the table for the present.
Oil motion by Mr. BERRIEN, it was
Ordn'nl, That the documents communicated by the Presi-
dentoftlie Ceded States in relation to the tieaty with the
Ta Tsiug empire, flora which the injunction of secrecy has
been removed, be printed for the use of the Senate.
On motion sf Mr. TAPPAN, the previous or-
ders of the day were postponed, and the bill to quiet
the title to certain lands in the towns of Perrynburg
and Croghansville, in the State of Ohio, was taken
up for consideration, as in committee of the whole,
on on amendment of the Committee on Public
Lands. .
Mr. WOODBRIDGE having explained the ob-
ject of the amendment, it was agreed to, and the bill
was renorttcd to tho Senate, ana ordered to be en-
grossed for a third reading.
Mr. FOSTER of Tennessee said it would be re-
membered that an act passed at the last session of
Congress, for the establishment of a naval depot
at Memphis, Tennessee. At the time of the passage
of that act it was not recollected that there was any
existing law which would prevent the commence-
ment of that work at the period contemplated. But
by a joint resolution of both Houses of Congress,
passed in the month of September, 1841, it is pro-
vided that no public work of this kmd should pro-
gress "uutil the consent of the State in which it should
be located should be obtained. It would be remem-
beicd, too, by tho Senate, he had 110 doubt, that the
legislature of Tennessee passed certain resolutions
on the subject of this depot, which resolutions were
now of record in the Senate. These solicited the
establishment of the Memphis depot, and amounted
to an estoppel on any future interference on her part
with the operations of the government within, her
limits. But as a doubt was entertained, and as it
was important to facilitate this great public work,
during the recess of tho general assembly, he pro-
posed to submit a resolution to the Senate, with a
view to suspend the operations of the joint resolu-
tion of September 1841; and it the Senate had no
objection, he hoped the resolution which he submit-
ted would be now acted upon, in order that it might
be sent to the other wing of the Capitol as speedily
as possible.
Mr. F. then introduced his resolution concerning
the naval depot at Memphis, Tennessee; whieh was
