CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
m
read twice, and taken up as in committee of the
whole.
Mr. BRRESE said said he should be very much
gratified if the Secretary would read that section of
the resolution, passed in 1841, to which the resolu-
tion of the honorable senator from Tennessee, [Mr.
Foster.,] had reference. It was one of very much
importance, and required to be thoroughly under-
stood. If he recollected that resolution, it prevent-
ed the government from expending any money for
improvements on lands, until the title to the lands
was examined and sustained by the opinion of the
Attorney General. The conditions imposed, prevent-
ed any progress in the work contemplated, until the
validity of the title should be legally established.
Now, it was not probable that a good title could be
had. He would ask the senator from Tennessee,
whether the title had been acquired and perfected
or not? He understood it had not.
Mr. FOSTER observed that the senator from
Illinois [Mr. Breese] and'himself were old acquaint-
ances on this subject. He desired to say to the
gentleman, in regard to the validity of this title, that
it would be well established before any steps should
be taken to expend the public money. He took it
for granted that there was a very general solicited
throughout the country, that this work should go
on, and he was satisfied that his honorable friend
from Illinois participated in that solicitude. The
title would be established and perfected before the
adjournment of the present session of Congress,
as a very necessary step for that purpose had al-
ready been taken. All that was necessary now, if,
indeed that much was necessary, was the action of
the legislature upon the subject, in the manner con-
templated by the joint resolution of 1841. He could
further assure the honorable gentleman that the Sec-
retary of the Navy had no idea of expending one
dollar upon this property, until the title should be
adjusted and passed upon by the Attorney General.
The only object of the resolution which he submit-
ted, therefore, was to suspend the operation of the
joint resolution of 1841, until October next, and that
only because the general assembly of Tennessee
would not meet until then. He took it for granted
that no one could doubt what would be the result of
the operations of the general1 assembly when it
meets. So far as jurisdiction was concerned, it
would be granted. It was, then, only a question of
leave. Should so much time pass by before the act
to establish this depot could be enforce?
Mr. BREESE wished to call the attention of the
Senate particularly to the third section of the joint
resolution of 1841, which it was the object of this
resolution to suspend. It was right and proper that
the title should be secured before commencing the
work, and perhaps expending half a million of dol-
lars on it. The section to which he referred pro-
vided that no public moneys should be expended
upon any site or land hereafter to be purchased by
the United States, for the purposes mentioned, until
the written opinion of the Attorney General was
had in favor of the validity of the title; and also the
consent of the legislature of the State in which the
land lies, should be given to the purchaser.
Mr B. went on further to remark upon the diffi-
culties attending the validity of the title, and to show
the necessity of abiding by the resolution of 1841.
Mr. FOSTER was satisfied that his honorable
friend had mistaken.the entire scope and purpose of
the resolution. He [Mr. Breese] was discussing
the validity of the title; but he (Mr. Foster) made
no inquiry, and asked no favors on that subject.
-Hedid not expect the government to expend one
solitary dollar, unless upon the opinion of the At-
torney General of its validity. The gentleman said
a large amount of money would be expended.
Granted. Could there be a naval depot erected at
any point whatever that would not cost millions?
Millions were annually expended by the various
departments of the government to carry on the army
add navy. It was not probable that the govern-
ment would lose the money. The State of Ten-
nessee had no title to any part of Memphis, and
never had. It was now individual property; and all
those portions upon which this depot was to be es-
tablished, were individual property.
Mr. TAPPAN was understood to say that, this
being a resolution to suspend the action of a joint
resolution of Congress heretofore passed, it ought to
be referred to a committee, that the Senate might
have a report upon that question before they acted
upon it. He therefore moved its reference to the
Committee on the Judiciary.
Mr, FOSTER had no objection to referring the
resolutions to a committee; but the reference should
be to the Naval Committee. He moved-that refer-
ence.
Mr. TAPPAN having withdrawn his motion,
the resolution was referred to the Committee on
Naval Affairs.
POST OFFICE REFORM.
The general orders having been announced,
Mr. MERRICK moved to take up the unfinished
business of yesterday, which was the further con-
sideration, as in committee of the whole, of the
bill to reduce the rates of postage, to limit the use
and correct the abuse-of the franking privilege, and
for the prevention of frauds on the revenues of the
Post Office Department.
The bill was accordingly taken up, and Mr. M.
resumed his explanation ofits provisions.
He said he had yesterday reviewed the general
objects of the bill, and the motives which had in-
duced the Post Office Committee to construct it
as it now came before the Senate. Having said all
he intended to say on these general principles, he
would now take up his review where he left off yes-
terday, and proceed to explain the bill in detail.
As the two-fold object of presenting to the reader
a brief and condensed statement of the provisions of
the bill, and giving the details explained by Mr.
M. will be attained by the following synopsis, it is
submitted as embodying the substance of his expo-
sition, in methodical form.
' The first section enacts that from and after the
passage of this act the postage in lieu of that now
payable shall be, for every single letter conveyed a
distance not exceeding 100 miles 5 cents, and for all
distances exceeding 100 miles 10 cents; and for a
double letter, double these rates; for a treble letter,
treble these rates; for a quadruple letter, quadruple
these rates; and every letter of one or more pieces of
paper not exceeding a qearter of an ounce, shall be
deemed a single letter; letters exceeding a quarter of
an ounce, and not exceeding half an ounce, to be
deemed double letters; and letters of not more
than three pieces of paper nor exceeding three-
quarters of an ounce, to be deemed treble let-
ters; and all letters or parcels not of the foregoing
descriptions, or composed of four pieces of paper,
and not exceeding one ounce, shall be deemed quad-
ruple letters; and for every additional quarter of an
ounce above one ounce in weight, the additional
postage of a single letter for the same distance shall
be charged; all drop-letters, or letters placed in any
post office, not for transmission by mail, but for de-
livery only, shall be charged two cents postage each;
all letters advertised as remaining over in any post
office, to be charged with the expense of advertising,
in addition to the regular postage.
The second section provides that all newspapers
of no greater size or superficies than 1,900 square
inches, may be sent through the mail by the editors
or publishers to subscribers or others within 30
miles of the city, town, or place of publication,
postage free; [if sent beyond 30 miles, half a c nt for
a distance not exceeding 100 miles, and one cent for
greater distances, provided the editors keep a list of
these transmissions with all particulars, and certify
the same to the Postmaster General at the end of
each quarter, to enable the Postmaster General to
charge the postmasters with the amount of postage;]
and all newspapers of and under the size of 1,900
square inches, [the editors or publishers of which
shall refuse or neglect to keep and return said list,,]
lehich shall he conveyed in the mail any distance
beyond 30 miles from the place at ii'hich the same
may be printed, shall be. subject to the rates of post-
age chargeable under the 13th section of the act of
3d March, 1825, relating to the Post Office Depart-
ment, and on all newspapers of greater size than
1,900 square inches, shall be charged the same rates
of postage as prescribed by this act on magazines
and pamphlets.
The third section provides that printed circulars
and handbills or advertisements, on quarto or single
cap paper, or paper not larger than single rap, fold-
ed, directed and unsealed, shall be charged two cents
for each sheet, whatever the distance may be; and
all pamphlets, magazines, periodicals, and other
printed matter (except newspapers) unconnected
with manuscript, shall be charged two and a-half
cents-for each copy not exceeding one ounce, within
one hundred miies, and five cents for greater dis-
tances; one cent additional for every additional
ounce for any distance—fractional half ounces to be
charged whole ounces.
The fourth section provides that the Postmaster
General may separate the letter mail in cases qf ne-
cessity, and forward it—taking care to forward'the
remaining part'as speedily as possible.
The fifth section provides that the twenty-seventh
section of the aforesaid act of 3d March, 1825, and
all other acts and parts of acts conferring franking
privileges, be repealed. *
The sixth section provides than officers 'of the
government heretofore having the franking priyi-
lege, shall keep an account of postage charged to
and payable by them on mail matter touching their
official business, which, upon due verification, shall
be paid quarterly out of the contingent fund of the
bureau to which such business relates. The three
assistant postmasters general to be 'entitled to re-
mission of postages charged them on mail matter
relating to their official duties—said assistant post-
masters general to be entitled to send through the
mail official mail matter endorsed "official busi-
ness," subject to a penalty cf $300 for false endorse-
ment. The deputy postmasters to have the same
privilege, subject to the same penalty for false en-
dorsement.
The seventh section provides that the franking
privilege, as it now exists, be contined to the Presi-
dent of the United States, the Vice President, all ex-
Presidents, and ex-Vice Presidents, the widows
of ex-Presidents, and the Secretaries of State,
of the Treasury, of War, of the Navy, the
Postmaster General and the Attorney Gen-
eral; also the act authorizing the governors of
the several States to transmit by mail certain books
and documents, is continued in force. Members of
Congress, delegates from Territories, the secretary
of the Senate and the clerk of the House of Repre-
sentatives, are authorized to transmit free of postage
documents printed by order of either House of Con-
gress.
The eighth section provide? that each member of
Congress and delegate from a Territory, the secre-
tary of the Senate and clerk of the House of Rep-
resentatives, during each session of Congress and
for thirty days before and thirty days after each
session, may receive through the mail, free of post-
age, letters, newspapers or packages, not exceeding
two ounces in weight; postage on excess of weight
over two ounces, if on public business or business
of Congress, to be paid out of the contingent fund.
The ninth section, in lieu of the present privilege
of franking, provides for furnishing members of
Congress and delegates of Territories with a num-
ber of free covers equal to five each per day for
each session, which covers shall pass free of post-
age to the extent of two ounces each; excess of
weight over that to be chargeable as for common
letters.
The tenth, eleventh, twelfth, and thirteenth sec-
tions are penal provisions against infringments on
the monopoly of the Post Office Department.
The fourteenth section reserves private rights;
and provides that no package exceeding thi ee pounds
weight shall be transmitted by mail.
The fifteenth section empowers the Postmaster
General to make temporary contracts with steamers
for carrying portions of the mail, the expense not to
exceed that of previous contracts.
The sixteenth section defines "mailable matter"'
to mean letters, newspapers, magazines, pamphlets
periodically published, not exceeding eight ounces
each, but excludes bound books of any size; news-
papers, magazines, pamphlets, or other printed mat-
ter made up in parcels as merchandise, and sent by
any sort of transportation for sale and not for distri-
bution as mailable matter, to be exempt from re-
straint.
The seventeenth section is penal against counter-
feiting stamps or envelops.
The eighteenth section defines the term "newspa-
pers" to mean any printed publication issued in num-
bers, consisting of not more than two sheets, and pub-
lished at short intervals, not exceeding a month; the
free exchange of newspapers not restricted, but to
remain as at present.
The nineteenth Section apportions the pecuniary
penalties under this act equally between the depart-
ment and the informer, and points out how they are
to be enforced.
The twentieth section requires the Postmaster
General to let all future contracts to the lowest bid-
der complying with the conditions required: no new-
contractor to be required in future to purchase the
stock of his predecessor.
The twenty-first section provides for suing and
being sued, under this act, in district courts of the
United States, or of the District of Columbia.
