206
CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
The twenty-second section appropriates $750,000
to the Post Office Department, to meet any deficien-
cy of its means to meet its expenses for the ensuing
year, that may arise from the proposed reduction of
postage. J
In his preliminary remarks on the provisions of
the bill, Mr. M. explained why he had selected the
year 1836, in preference to any other year, for the ba-
sis of his calculations of yesterday, as to the num-
ber of letters sent through the mail. This explana-
tion was necessary, because a senator opposite had,
in conversation since, called his attention to the cir-
cumstance that, owing to the great bank expansions
of 1836, it was probable the correspondence of the
country was much larger than of ordinary years.
This, he owned, had not occurred to him; and it
would have thrown him into some doubt on the
matter, if he had not further investigated the sub-
ject, in order to arrive at the fact whether that cir-
cumstance really did create any difference of suf-
ficient magnitude to render the selection of 1836
unsafe as a basis of calculation. He now re-
joiced that he had been thrown into that
investigation, and he thanked the senator for his
suggestion. The result of his further calculations
on this point was this; that the progressive increase
of the post office revenue in 1836, over the receipts
of preceding years, and of the succeeding years up
to 1841, was at nearly a uniform rate of five per
per ccnt., the increase of 1836 differing so little from
other years of that sequence as not to affect the basis
of calculation. The post office revenue of 1836 was
$3,408,323; that of 1837, $4,100,000; that of 1838,
#4,285,000; that of 1839, $4,477,000; that of 1840,
$4,539,265. Thus exhibiting a progressive and
steady increase up to the period when private ex-
presses began to make inroads on the profitable mail
routes. Then, for the first time since the beginning
of the government, the post office accounts exhibited
symptoms of a failing revenue. The receipts of the
department for 1841, fell off to £4,379,000. In
1842, owing to the operation of the bankrupt law,
they revived a little, and gave $4,549,000; but m
1843 they declined again to $4,295,000; and in 1844
to $4,237,000; notwithstanding the gradual increase
of population and restoration of business Had the
steady increase of the succession of years between
1830 and 1840, been continued to the present time,
the revenueofthe department would now exceed five
millions of dollars; but owing to the interference of
private expresses and the disturbing causes which
rendered the proposed reform now imperative, there
has been of late a failing instead of an increasing
revenue.
Now, independent of the grounds thus givfcrt to
show that it was perfectly safe to take the year 1836
for a basis of calculation, he should say that it was
the only year prior to the effect of private expresses
being felt upon the department, in which the Post-
master General's reports furnished any return of the
number of letters passing through the mail.
He now moved to amend the bill as proposed by
the Post Office Committee, by striking out the por-
tions in brackets, and inserting that m italics, (as
marked in the foregoing synopsis.)
The amendments v. ere adopted.
Mr. HUNTINGTON, having understood one of
the amendments as extending only to the abandon-
ment of the requisition that editors and publishers
of newspapers should furnish the department with
lists of their subscribers, had made no objection to
its adoption; but since finding it included the pro-
vision of reducing the postage on newspapers to
half a cent for each copy sent thirty miles, and one
cent for greater distances, (a provision he wished to
retain,) he moved a reconsideration of the vote taken
on that amendment.
Mr. MERRICK hoped the motion to reconsider
would not prevail. It was not without most anxious
consideration that the committee came to the con-
clusion of offering the amendment. The public
complaint was not that newspaper postage was too
high, but that letter postage was. A great and very
desirable concession was made in the bill to country
newspapers—that of giving them a circuit of thirty
miles to circulate postage free. If the old rates of
newspaper postage for distances beyond thirty miles
were not retained, the means of the department to
meet the reduction of letter postage contemplated
would be greatly cramped.
Mr. NILES agreed with the chairman of the Post
Office Committee on this point. The greatest ex-
pense of the department, and the least income, was
from the transmission of printed matter through the
mail. It formed nine-tenths of the expense, and
yielded not a tenth of the revenue. The public out-
cry was not against excess of newspaper postage,
but against exorbitant rates of letter postage.
The motion to reconsider was negatived without
a division.
Mr. MERRICK now proposed some amendments
from himself. The only one not merely a verbal
correction was, to exempt envelopes from being
deemed one of the pieces of paper chargeable with
double postage; which was adopted.
Mr. MILLER moved to amend the first section
by striking out the specification of the two rates of
postage, 5 cents and 10 cents, and inserting the pro-
vision of the bill of last session as amended
by the Senate, namely, 3 cents on single let-
ters for 30 miles, 5 cents for 100 miles, 10 cents
for 300 miles, and 15 cents for all gi eater dis-
tances; double, treble, quadruple letters, &c.,
to be charged ratably in the same proportion. He
objected that five cents for 100 miles would not meet
the competition of private expresses, nor ten cents
for greater distances. For instance: from New
York to Boston, the present charge on a single let-
ter is 12| cents; by this bill it would be 10 cents.
Now, the reduction of 2| cents would not affect the
private expresses at all. To compete with them,
the reduction should be to 5 cents. Besides, unless
for short distances the reduction was to 3 cents,
none of the correspondence carried by private
hands or private expresses, would come into the
mail. A mere change from 6£ to 5 cents would ef-
fect nothing but the loss of the difference in reve-
nue.
Mr. MERRICK opposed the amendment, and
hoped it would not prevail. Gentlemen kept entire-
ly out of view his arguments of yesterday, that it
was not by underbidding private expresses the de-
partment was to be sustained. First make a rea-
sonable reduction of postage to meet the expectation
of the public, and then trust to restringent laws to
protect the monopoly of the department. That was
the only practicable way of putting down the piivate J
competition of these expresses, so injurious to the i
post office revenue.
Mr. WOODBURY considered the proposition of
three cents for short distances, and soon, jatably ,
for greater distances to ten cents, likely to effect '
both objects—that of putting down the expresses
and increasing the revenue. A reduction from 6^ I
cents to 5 cems, on 30 miles, would bring no con- ■
siderable addition of correspondence into the mails; j
but reduce the rate to 3 cents, and many, if not '
most persons, would prefer the safety and despatch i
of the regular mails at that low rate, to trausmis- ;
sion by private hand, or by illegal expresses. 13ut
even if there should be a deficit on the short route,
at 3 cents, there would be much more than an
equivalent increase of revenue from the long routes,
at 15 cents. The apprehensions of the chairman
of the committee were therefore unfounded.
Mr. MERRICK again called attention to the fact
that it was not by competition, but by penal enact-
ment that private competition was to be put down.
He also invoked them to consider that it was not
the carrying of a letter any distance which constitu-
ted the expenses of the department; one-half of these
expenses originated in the offices jand manipulation
of mailable matter. The portion of office expenses
and manipulation of letters was the same, whether
the mailable matter was sent 30 miles or 3,000
miles. Th^ cost of trinsnnssinn was only jiajf the
expense. It was thereto) e just and reasonable to
charge m relation to half the postage, the same for
letters to any distance; on the other half it was rea-
sonable to calculate by distance of transmission.
These were the elements of calculation which had
induced the committee to iix upon 5 cents and 10
cents.
Mr. "WOODBURY asked how it was that we
could not send a letter by our mail 30 miles for 3
cents, when in England a letter is sent to auv ex-
treme of the km^d'Hii for two cents? The income of
the British post office, on the penny postage system,
was four and a half millions of dollars; yet it is as-
sumed that, with an average four fold that rate, we
cannot realize the same amount of income.
Mr. MERRICK contended that no parallel
could be safely drawn between the two countries.
England had a dense population on a small area,
while we had a scattered population over a ter-
ritory of ten times her extent. Her mails had to be
transmitted over only 18,303 miles of road; ours
over 144,687.
Mr. NILES was favorable to three-fourths of the
amendment} the proposition of three cents, five
cents, and ten cents, ratably for distances; but be-
yond ten cents, he was not willing to go. [Mr.
Buchanan, from his seat, "that's right.'5] He
dwelt at large upon the benefits diffused through
society by the Post Office Department, and urged
the necessity of viewing it as a great governmental
instrument of service, rather than as a source of
revenue, even for its own support; though that, if
it could be done with equal advantage to the public,
was not to be disregarded. He was also favorable
to the appropriation of §750,000 to guard against
deficiences in carrying out this important and val-
uable reform. If it was even to cost that for two or
three years, it was a matter of small consideration,
in the present state of the treasury, compared with
the great result to be obtained ultimately.
The subject was further debated by Messrs.
WOODBURY, MERRICK, and MILLER; after
which, in conformity with the desire of Mr. HUN-
TINGTON, that the motion should be subdivided,
Mr. MILLER withdrew his motion, and then
moved simply to strike out the rates named in the
bill.
The CHAIR, after some consideration, suggested
a difficulty, under the rules, that the motion to
strike out, if successful, would debar the amend-
ment consequent upon it.
Mr. MILLER, to avoid that difficulty, renewed
his original motion.
Mr. SIMMONS pointed out that, in either case,
the •senator's motion would admit of an amendment
to insert such rates as the Senate, upon a test,
should agree upon.
Mr. BERRIEN suggested the propriety of giving
time for consideration; and, to effect this object, the
bill could be postponed till to-morrow.
On motion of Mr. MILLER, the further con-
sideration of the bill was accordingly postponed till
to-morrow; and then
The Senate adjourned.
HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES.
Tuesday, January 28, 1845.
The journal of yesterday was read and approved.
SMITHSONIAN INSTITUTE.
The Senate bill to establish the Smithsonian In-
stitute for the increase and diffusion of knowledge
amongst men was read a first and second time, com-
mitted to the Committee of the Whole on the state
of the Union, and ordered to be printed.
Mr. RATHBUN desired to introduce a bill.
Mr. CAVE JOHNSON thought the House had
better devote the moinmg hour to the reception of
reports, resolutions, &c., in regular order.
Mr. HOUSTON also reiterated that suggestion.
He said he had reports to make, and the business
would be, facilitated by calling for them regularly
during the morning hour.
Mr. RATHBUN said it would not obstruct the
business of the House to allow his bill to pass
through at early stages.
Mr, MeCONNELL objected to its reception out
of order.
Mr. RATHBUN moved a suspension of the
rules.
The SPEAKER counted the affirmative, and an-
nounced that there were evidently not two-thirds m
favor of the motion.
A division was called for, and 42 voted in the af-
firmative.
The SPEAKER said there was evidently not
two-thirds m favor of the motion to suspend
Mr. RATHBUN insisted on a count of those in
the negative.
The SPEAKER counted the House accordingly,
and announced 22 m the negative: no quorum vot-
ing.
Mr. DANA moved a call of the House.
On this motion the yeas and nays wc-te called for,
and resulted thua—yeas 52, nays 79.
So the House refused to order a call.
COURTS OF NEW YOKR.
Mr. RAiIIBUN again mo\ed a suspension of
the rules to enable him to introduce hia bill.
The motion was agreed to: and
Mr. RATHBUN introduced 'la bill concerning
the circuit and district courts of the northern district
of jNew York," and it was read a first and second
time, and referred to the Committee on the Judi-
ciary.
Mr. PAYNE presented a memorial which he was
desired to move to refer to a select committee. The
memorial was in relation to a contract with the post-
master of the House for horses and carryalls.
