£08
CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
 ■ iwi" r feirywi—.
Committee of the Whole House, and ordered to be
printed.
Mr.. C. JOHNSON, from the same committee,
reported a bill giving jurisd iction to the courts of
Iowa and Wisconsin in certain cases. It was read
tftice/and,
- On the motion of Mr. C. JOHNSON, was order-
ed to be engrossed and read a third time, and
IJcisstcu*
Mr. C. J., from the same committee, reported a
joint resolution for the benefit of Frances Slocum,
iier children and grand children, of the Miami tribe
of Indians; and it was read a first and second time.
Mr. BIDLACK, in the course of his remarks,
said he hoped no question of order would be inter-
posed to prevent the immediate passage of this joint
resolution. The memorialist was taken prisoner
in the valley of Wyoming, at an early age, during
the trials and difficulties to which the early settlers
were subjected. Her relatives were among the
most worthy and meritorious of his (Mr. B.'s) con-
stituents; they were his neighbors and friends. They
had searched after the captive with praiseworthy
' diligence,from the time of her capture, until witlnn
a few years they had found her in the condition set
forth in the memoiial and report. The incidents
connected with her eventful history would afford a
beautiful theme of remark. But as debate was not
now in order, he (Mr. B.) would not trespass on
the indulgence and courtesy of the House. What
he desired was, not to make a speech, but to ask
the unanimous consent of the members for the im-
mediate passage of the resolution. If the resolu-
tion were sent to the Committee of the Whole, he
feared it would never be reached; and this ear-
nest request of the memorialist would never be
granted. _ .
The proposition was intended to extend to
as the widow of an Indian chief, the sarocpiivi-
legesin relation to the payment of the annuites
due her and her family, that were provided for by
treaty stipulation in regard to certain of the Miami
chiefs. Frances Slocum was taken from her white
friends when a child. She is now desirous of dying
among her red friends, where she has lived for the
last half century, without being compelled to re move
west of the Mississippi. Let her first and last request
After a few words from Mr. C. J0HNS0N.it
was read a third time, and passed.
Mr. COLES, from the Committee on Miitary
Affairs, reported back the bill to establish mil itai y
posts in the Nekraska and Oregon Territories, and
it was committed to the Committee of the Whole on
the state of the Union. .
Mr. ATKINSON, from the Committee on JN aval
Affairs, moved that the committee be discharged
from the farther consideration of the petition of Mis.
Dix; which was agreed to. . ,
Mr PEYTON, from the Committee on Naval
Affairs, reported back the bill for the relief of Peter
Van Schieck, and it was committed to the Commit-
tee of the Whole on the state of the Union.
Mr MARSH, from the Committee on Naval
Affairs, reported a bill to discontinue the spirit por-
tion of the naval rations, and to provide compensa-
tion in lieu thereof. It was read twice, and com-
mitted to the 'Committee of the Whole on the state
of the Union, and the bill and accompanying repoit
were ordered to be printed.
Mr C.J. .1NGERS0LL, from the Committee on
Foreien Affairs, m view of the important matters
which that committee had reported to the Iiouse,
and by the unanimous direction of the committee,
reported the following resolution.
n i That "Wednesday, the 5th of February, be spo-
nuttee on Foreign Afiairs.
Mr C JOHNSON and others objected to the
Fo^Affiw?^^L^™™otowi^WOluti°n;
d"—•
L Mr. SAUNDERS Se
Judiciary, reported back iSena committed to
Pniofl. >
Also, a bill for the relief of Joseph Ramsey;
which was referred to the Committee of the Whole.
Mr. J. W- STONE, from the Committee on Rev-
olutionary Claims, reported the following resolution;
which was agreed to:
Rssolvpd. That the Secretary of the Treasury be directed
to deliver to the Committee on Revolutionary Claims the
papers connected with the application of 1-iobert AYilmot,
an officer of the revolution, for commutation pay.
Mr. W. J. BROWN, from the same committee,
reported a bill for the relief of the heirs of John
Heart, deceased; which, on his motion, was read
the third time, and passed.
He also made some unfavorable reports.
Mr. SLIDELL, from the Committee on Private
Land Claims, asked and obtained the discharge of
that committee from the further consideration of
various memorials, and he withdrew from tho files
the papers m relation to the claim of Drayton P.
Bradford.
Mr. BARR1NGER, from the Committee on Na-
val Affairs, reported back a Senate bill, tho title of
which was not heard.
It was referred to the Committee of the Whole on
the. state of the Union, and ordered to he printed.
On motion by Mr. D. L. SEYMOUR, the Com-
mittee on Revolutionary Pensions were dischan cd
from the further consideration of a certain petition,
and it was referred to another committee.
Mr. BRINKERHOFF, from the Committee on
Invalid Pensions, reported back the Senate bill tor
the relief of Capt. Asahel Brainard, and made a
brief but urgent appeal to the House for its imme-
diate passage; which was responded to unanimous-
ly bv the House, and the bill was passed.
Also, Senate bill granting a pension to George
Whitman: referred to the Committee;of the Whole
House, and ordered to be. printed.
On motion of Mr. B., the committee was dis-
charged from the further consideration ol several
petitions, and they were referred to other commit-
tees, or otherwise appropriately disposed of
Also bills granting persions to John " right
and Daniel II. Warren: refencd to the Committee
of the Whole House, and ordered to bo printed.
Also, an adverse report oil the petition of John
Martin: which was laid oil the table.
Mr. CULLOM, from the Committee on Invalid
Pensions, reported a hill for the relief of •|"!"'l'1'
Craigmiles: referred to the Committee of the Whole
House, and ordered to be printed.
Also, an adverse report m the case of Gideon O.
Perry: laid on the table.
Mr. RUSSELL, from the Committee, on Invalid
Pensions, reported a bill for the relief of Tho,mis
Green hough. The bill was read the second time
and the bill and report ordered to be pi lilted, und
made the order of the day for to-morrow.
Mr. R. made, an adverse report on the supina-
tion of Francis Dodge; which was ordered to be
minted and laid upon the table.
Mr.R. made, also, an adverse report on <'je appli-
cation of Noble A. Pintard; which was ordeieil to
be printed, and laid upon the table.
Mr TlBBATTS, from the same committee, re-
ported a bill for the relief of Francis Siimeniner;
which was referred to the Committee of the Whole
House, and ordered to be printed.
Mr OWEN, from the Committee nn Roads and
Canals, reported a bill for ihe construction and im-
provement of certain roads iri the territory of Wis-
°°Also a bill to continue the harbor improvement
already commenced in the town of bouthport, Wis-
C°Also a motion for the discharge of the committee
from the further consideration of certain petitions on
the -ubiect of the Wabash and Erie canal.
All which were refeued to the Committee of he
Whole House on the state of the Union, and
hills were ordered to be printed.
On motion of Mr. V, said committee were
discharged from the further consideration of the
memorial of   Cooper; and ,t was laid on the
^Mr CARROLL, from the same committee, re-
ported a bill to apply certain alternat- sections of
the public domain to'svards the completion of works
of internal improvement m Michigan, and for other
purposes: referred to the Committee of the Whole
""Mr IpRATT,6 from the Committee on Public
Building, and Grands, made an additional repor to
be arded to document No. 20, being estimates,
&c. for the new buildings tor the accommodation of
the War and Navy Departments.
Also, a report respecting tho flagging and paving
of Pennsylvania avenue, and in the vicinity of .the
public buildings. t
Both which were referred to the Committee of
the Whole on the state of the Union, and ordered, to
be printed. - .
Mr. P. reported bock from the same committee,
with an amendment, the resolution referred to them
for the preservation of foreign flags and other war-
like articles: referred to the Committee of the
Whole on the state of the Union, ana ordered to be
Also, a report on the petition of J. H. Sehnell, for
improving the hall of the House of Representatives.
laid on the table, and ordered to bo printed.
Also, an adverse report on the petition of 1 nomas
C. Wells and Wm. Leach, for keeping tho draw on
the Potomac bridge: laid on the table, and. ordered
to be printed. . ■ .
Mr. HENRY DODGE, on leave, introduced
a bill for the erection of a light-house at the
town of Southport, Wisconsin: referred to the Com-
mittee of the Whole House on the state of the
Union, and ordered to be printed.
Mr. D. also introduced a bill for the payment ot
certain arrearages to the Stockbridge Indians, and
for other purposes: referred to the Committee on
Indian Affairs. . ...
Mr. DAWSON, on leave, introduced a btfl to
authorize a survey of the mouth of the Red river,
and for other purposes: referred to the Committee of
the Whole on the stale of the Union.
Mr YAJNCE reported, from the Committee ot
Claims, a bill for the relief of the legal representa-
tives of Joshua Kennedy, of Alabama: referred to
the, Committee of the Whole House, and ordered
to he printed. .
Mr 1RV1N, from the Committee on Military
A flairs, reported a bill to repeal a part of the act of
ltMO in relation to the appointment of paymasters:
referred to the Committee of the Whole on the state
of the Union, and ordered to be printed.
AIho, an adverse report on the case ol John
Whitman: laid on the. table.
RESOLUTIONS.
The States were next culled in order for resolu-
""mJ., SI-IEPARD CARY offered a resolution
calling on the Secretary of War for information in
relation to certain citizens promised an examination
before a military board, whether such examination
has taken place; if not, why not, &c.
Objections being made, the resolution lies over.
Ml'. BURKE offered a resolution directing the
Cleik to suspend the printing of the tenth volume
of the laws of the United States, ordered by the
resolution of the House of the last session, until the
joint, resolution authorizing tho Attorney General to
contiact for copies of the whole edition, now pend-
ing before the Senate, is disposed of; which was
""jVf BURKE also submitted the following resolu-
' That the Committee on tlie topcnihtures of the
N, 7 lie I be do cot.-,t to inquire  1 matte* K-
to any contioct o- conti acts entered into by James C.
y.ubnskie, of New Jersey, oi which lie has had any nan in
neirotmtiliRWith the Navy Department, or  >>£ « ^UQ
*m- t onrwow UmmowiUi, since March4th, 1H41, ana aiso
to whether un> offio.tr of the government of the
States ha* had any pdilicipation m the profits of said
roiiti'jel 01 contract^,  lso to Jnquiie what orders and
<1 i  ««<* 11oim li'iv e been in von hy the {-Secretary of the
forth*1 time lienig, ox other ofiieer of the UnitedStates, re-
ZlwSii'l' t « contracts, and report the facts to
tins House, will, a recommendation of such a
the nature of the cam: requires. And that the committee
have power to tend for persons and papers.
Mr. B. then handed up the following letter, which
was read for the information of the House:
«nme filteen or eighteen month* ago, in a casual conver-
S ilion 1 had with tho late Mr V., chief cleik of the bureau
rf conduction and .epa.rs, (a., indnidual with whomJ
lrid been on teims of familiar acquaintance for ) ears,) he re
marked lie had a mattei of great importance to comatuni-
cate and would willingly do so. piovided i promised not to
divuWe the matter, as its publicity must nccessanlj lost
m ns ' tnation I assured him tliat no act of mine would
e l." ThToffioe, unless the substance of the communica-
tion u"itei hill \ mteiested my-eh or my friends. Hu dis-
closure was tb the following eltect- That Jos. C. /abriskie,
of New Jeisej . had m,.dc application to the President for a
Certain contact, representing to him sacrifices 1« had
made m his service, personal and pecunia}, that ho
completely out ol pocket, and that ^ '"ij jte
with this contract, he must he irretrievably rttinea.< i 
President told him he should have it; and, a. the nature of
the contract appertained to his office, he (Mr. VJ
rectcd by tho President to prepare the papers. He (lid so.
