210
CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
■ i\ . 
' ' ''
Mr. PETTIT advocated' the reconsideration of
the resolution amid mn^x merriment, and not a little
confusion of the House, which-was sontinued for
some time.
Mr. VANCE said he thought it would be very
well if the Honse would recollect that other people
were here besides the members of the House, and
that the account of their proceedings would go forth
as on the swift wings of the wind through the coun-
try; and he did think, in his experience n re, he had
never seen anything quite equal to this. [Laughter,
and cries of "louder."] In order that they might
be quieted, and have time to reflect upon the posi-
tion they held before the country, he moved that
this House do now adjourn.
The House refused to adjourn.
Mr. HAMMETT appealed to the House, in view
of the business before them, and the shortness of
the time remaining in which to perform it, to con-
sume no more time on this resolution.
The question was taken, and the motion to recon-
sider was agreed to.
Mr. PATERSON further briefly explained and
advocated the resolution.
Mr. GOBB moved that the House adio'urn. Neg-
atived.
Mr. RATHBTJN moved to lay the resolution on
the table; but subseqently withdrew the motion.
Objections being made to the resolution, it was
laid over.
Mr. BRENGLE presented resolutions of the le-
gislature of Marylaad, suggesting the propriety of
the publication by Congress of the decisions of the
SupremeCourt, for their distribution among the sev-
eral judicial tribunals of the States.
On motion of Mr. JOHN P. KENNEDY, leave
was granted to withdraw certain papers from the
files of the House.
Mr. CAUSIN offered a resolution directing the
Committee on the Library to inquire into the expe-
diency of having executed, at the national expense,
a painting commemorative of the settlement of Ma-
ryland.
Mr. PRESTON KING objecting, the resolution
lies over.
On motion of Mr. FOSTER, leave was given to
withdraw from the files of the House certain papers.
DELEGATES IN CONGRESS FROM THE DIS-
TRICT OF COLUMBIA.
On motion of Mr. SUMMERS, the Committee for
the District of Columbia were instructed to inquire
into the expediency of providing for one or more
delegates from the District of Columbia, to be placed
on the same footing as the delegates of the Territo-
ries.
AMENDMENT OF THE CONSTITUTION.
Mr. DROMGOOLE, pursuant to notice, offered a
joint resolution proposing an amendment to the con-
stitution of the United States, in relation to the elec-
tion of President of the United States.
Mr. D. begged leave to say, in order to exonerate
himself from the chargeof plagiarism, that the lesolu-
tion did not originate with him, but was submitted
to the Senate some years ago by John Taylor of
Caroline.
The resolution was, on motion of Mr. D., refer-
red to the Committee on ths Judiciary, and ordered
to be printed.
On motion of Mr. HOPKINS,
Ordered, That all papers belonging to, and printed hy or-
der of tho House.be regularly placed on the repoiti i\s'
desks.
On motion of Mr. DEBERRY, the Committee on
the Post Office and Post Roads were instructed to
inquire into the expediency of providing by law for
additional compensation to such postmasters as do
not receive a just compensation from their offices.
Mr. McKAY offered a resolution instructing the
Committee on Accounts to inquire whether any of
the books directed to be forwarded to a portion of
the members of this House, by the resolution of 14th
June last, have been reprinted since the adoption of
the resolution, or were now in process of reprint.
Objection bein« made, the resolution lies over.
Mr. STILES offered a lesolution requesting the
Secretary of State to inform the House, if any, what
stens have been taken to ascertain whether there
were errors m the last census such or s milar to
those alleged to exist in the petition to thu Mouse
of the Historical Society of New York; whether the
result of the inquiry has been such as to impeach
the general correctness of the census, &c., &c.
The resolution was adopted.
Mr. CALDWELL offered a resolution directing
the Committee on the Library to inquire into the
expediency of procuring, for the libraries of the gen-
eral government, the journals of the legislatures Of
the several States; which was agreed to.
WESTERN RIVERS.
Mr. TIBBATTS gave notice that he would to-
morrow, or some subsequent day, ask leave to
bring in a bill making appropriations for the im-
provement of certain wesiern rivers.
PURCHASE OF BOOKS.
Mr. ANDREW JOHNSON offered the follow-
ing resolution; which lies over, on notice of debate:
Resolved, That a resolution, passed on the 14th day of
June, 1844, directory to the Clork of this House,'which is in
the followiug words, viz: "Resolved, That the Clerk of tho
TIou«e of Representatives bo directed to furnibh to such
members of the present House of Representatives as have
not already received them, such books as were furnished to
the members of the 26th and 2?th Congie&ses, including the
14th volume of the Register of Debates, ami the Congres-
sional (iiobe ami Appendix, published by Blair & Rives:
Provided this resolution shall not be construed to authorize
the lopnnting of any of said books," be, and the same is
hereby, repealed.
Resolved, That the appropriation of eighty-seven thou-
sand seven hundred and seventy-Jive dohait. for tho purpose
of paying for or buying books for members of the present,
the twenty-eighth Congress of the United States, to be by
them placed in their private libraries, is a species oi legisla-
tion unauthorized by the people-—is morally and politically
wrong, violating the spirit of the organic law of the gov-
ernment—and calls aloud for (he immediate and prompt in-
terference of all who are sincerely in favor of retrenching
the expenditures of tho government, thereby reducing tho
taxes oi the people, and putting a stop to member* ol Con-
gress indirectly making themselves presents out of the
treasury, in the form of books, to tho amount of some li\e
or six handled dollars each.
Jlnd be it fmther resolved, That the Clerk of this House as-
certain, as near as maybe, the amount that lms bei n paid
out of the treasury, from time to time, m purchasing book?
for members of Congress, and repoit tho result ot such as-
certainment to this Jlousc before its adjournment
TENNESSEE POST ROUTE.
On motion by Mr. A. JOHNSON,
Resolved, That the Committee on the Po*t Office and Post
Roads tie instructed to inquire into the expediency ol estab-
lishing d post route from Newpoit, m Cocke eouuty, Ten-
nessee, \ia the mouth of Chuckey and Chuckcj Rend, to
Russolville, in Jeib ison county, thence bv Mount Ste  ling
Hitd (t, Kenis's feny to Ko&em ilie, in Haw kin* count},
Tennessee
PENSIONS.
On motion by Mr. BLAGKWELL,
Revolt rH, That lilt: papers in the cum* of Nao Smith, wid-
ow ol ( harlec Smith, deceived, be referred to the < ommii-
tee on Invalid Penbioners with instiuctioiib to inquiie into
the expediency ol allowing her a pension.
MAP OF TEXAS.
Mr. JOSEPH MORRIS offered the following
resolution; which lies over on notie of debate:
Resolved, That the f'lpik of this House he ivqmied to fur-
nisli, foi the tut of its members, 10,000 copies of u map ol
Texas, piovided the cost does not exceed $(i pel hundred
copies.
Mr. VANCE offered the following resolution;
which lies over on notice of dubate:
Jlnolrrd, That tho use of this hall lie granted to the
American society for tho wilivauon of Atuca, on Tlmrs-
day evening next, tho 30th instant.
HOUR RULE.
Mr. DUNCAN offered the following resolution,
which was read; and debate arising thereon, it was
laid over under the rule:
Rrwirtd, That thfc 31th rule of thin House, usually
called the hour rule, be, and the Paine is hereby, repealed.
COAST SURVEY.
On motion of Mr. SCHKNCK,
Resolvd. That the Secret,ny of tlx- Treacmy be inquest.
c d to furnish to this House a copj of the. journal, and oil
the proceedings of tho booid, ronvem-d ot W.ishinf,ion, in
March JHi:i. In dm c,t>on of the fK-idrni, in cot >(>h ih'c
vulh a proviso 'to ih" aj.propi i8tion lor the sui wv ol tl.«
coa^t ol the United Stdies, contained m th« act mAim'-Hp-
IMOpriations for the civjl and diplomatic expenses ot gov-
ernment foi the fisi.il year ending the 30th day of June, 1HU,
ajipioved iMnirh 3d, 18-13.
FAILURES OF THE MAIL.
On motion of Mr. LABRANCHk,
Rsu.hul, That tho < oinmittee on the Tost Office and
Poct Uords be instructed to lnqime into the causes ot the
frequent failures of the mail b. tween th«-cit> of Washington
an 1 the oi:y ot New Orb am, and upoit thereon, and re-
commend Mich measures f - w ill m-iiic peatei punctual)
and speed 333 the conrej ance 01 said mail.
JUDICIARY ACT.
Mr. SLTDKLL submitted the following rf solu-
tion; which lies over on noticc of debate:
Reiotvfd, That the Committee on the Judiciaiy be di-
rected to inquire mto the expediency ol repealing ..0 much
oi the 12lh section of the judiciary act of 9 4th September,
l?yO as gives to the circuit court of the United States ju-
ab
risdictionof all civil suits at common law or in equity,whera
an alien is a party, or the suit is between a citizen of the
State where a suit is ^brought by a citizen, of the United
States.
FALLS OF THE OHIO.
Mr. HENLEY submitted the following resolu-
tion; which was considered, and adopted:
Resolved, That the Committee 011 Commerce be instructed
to inquire into the expediency of making au appropriation
for tho construction ot a canal around the falls of the Ohio
river, on the Indiana side, oi suitable dimensions to answer
the purposes of the increasing commerce of that river.
INDIANA CENTRAL CANAL.
Mr. WM. J. BROWN submitted the Mowing
resolution; which lies over, on notice of debate:
Rcsolt cd, That tho Committee on Public Lands be in-
structed to inquire into the expediency of granting to the
State of Indiana an amount of land equal to each alternate
section for the whole line of the Central canal to its func-
tion with the Wabash and Erie canal, for the purpose 01 aid-
ing the State in the construction of the same.
WABASH AND ERIE CANAL.
Mr. JOSEPH A. WRIGHT, by general con-
sent, obtained leave, and introduced a bill to confirm
to tho State of Indiana certain lands for the con-
tinuation of the Wabash and Erie canal, and for
other purposes; which was read twice, and referred
to the Committee on Public Lands.
JOINT OCCUPANCY OF OREGON.
Mr. F1CKL1N submitted the following resolu-
tion; which lies over, on notice of debate:
Resolved, That the Committee 011 Foreign Affairs inquire
into tho necessity and expediency of giving one year's no-
tice to (.Jreat Britain, in order to terminate, at the earliest
practicable period, the joint occupancy of the. Territory of
Oregon between tins government and thatoi (Jreat Britain;
and that they report by bill or otherwise.
ILLINOIS AND MICHIGAN CAWAL.
Mr. HARDIN submitted the following resolu-
tion; which lies over one day:
lit si>h'i'd, That the Committee on Naval Affairs be in-
stiucted to inquire into the expediency of reporting a bill
anthoii/mg the Secretary ot the Navy to have an exammu-
lion mad' oftho Illinois und Michigan canal, with aview to
inquire into the expediency und piacticability of tho gov
eminent assisting the State of Illinois in making that canal
of wuiticient^i/e to permit the passnge of win steamers and
sloops, 11. order to provido for the naval defences of the
northern lakes.
PRE-EMPTION RIGHTS.
Mr. SAMPLE submitted the following resolu-
tion, which lies over, on noticc of debate:
R> solved, That the Committee on the Public Lauds be in-
qnne into the < xpediency of extending the time of per-
fecting piospective pre-emption rights under the act of
Ib-U, to three years; and also to piovide for the compensa-
tion of settlers on the public lands on the Miami Reserve,
which wore soloctud by the State of Indiana for canal pur-
poses, and were not confirmed by the land oflice depart-
ment, in conlormity, as near as may be, to an act ot the State
of Indiana m like cases,
CUMBERLAND ROAD.
Mr. CALEB B. SMITH submitted the follow-
ing resolution; which lies over, on notice of debate:
Resolved, That the Senate bill, No. , making an appro-
priation for the continuation ot t#ie Cumberland load in
the States of Ohio, Indiana, and Illinois, be made the special
ordei of the day lor Monday, the 3d day of February.
MAIL CONTRACTS.
Mr. WENTWORTH offered the following res-
olution; which lies over, on notice of debate:
Resulted, Thut the Committee on the Post Office and To&t
[toads Ins requested to inquire into the. propriety of re-
lieving Martin O Walker from all restrictions imposed up-
on him by the i'ost Olhce Department in relation to bidding
for mail eontiaotR.
PUBLIC DEFAULTERS.
Mr. WENTWORTH submitted the following
resolution:
Umpired, That the President of ^the United States bo re-
quested to lay bcfoie this Houne tho names of all persons
\\ h<; have become defaulters to the government since March
■1, is-'1: . the siuiu-1 in which the) are jes-peotively m default,
and the names of ail pr ison.s against whom cnmmal prose-
cution^ have been commented for detaleations committed
.since the d.ite b« lore mentioned and, if no piosecutions
have hern commenced, the reason* why they have not be*in
commenced
Mr. CHAPMAN asked the gentleman to accept
the following as an amendment to his lesolution:
And also what officers aic now in ofiice who are indebted
to Die, government ot tho Um'ed States as defaulters, and
the reasons uhj <.uch persons aie kept in oJhce
Mr. WENTWORTH accepted rhe amendment.
Ah- THOMPSON asked if ;i wnmlar resolution
lmd not alrcrxly been passed.
Mi. WENTWORTH paid no, there was a mate-
rial difference between his lesolution and the one
that had passed the House.
The lesolution was then laid over, on noticc of de-
bate.
