CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
LANS SALES.
Mr. TUCKER, on leave, introduced a bill to
amend the act entitled an act to confirm the sale of
public lands in certain cases; which was read twice,
and referred to the Committee on Public Lands.
MILITARY ROAD.
Mr. THOMPSON submitted the following reso-
lution; which was considered and agreed to:
Resolved, That the Committee on Roads and Canals be in-
structed to inquire into the expediency of reporting a bill
making an appropiatiou for the survey of a military road
from Helana, an the State of Arkansas, to the highlands in
the State of Mississippi:
PURCHASE OF BOOKS.
Mr. BELSER submitted the following resolu-
tion:
Resolved, That each member of this House who may have
received books by its order, amounting m value to one hun-
dred dollars and upwards, be hereby required either to re-
turn the same, or to pay their valueto the cleik theicof
Mr. BLACK offered the following amendment:
And that all such members of any previous Congress who
may have received guns, either smooth boied or rifled, or
other iire-orms irom the government, be lequired by the
clerk of this House to return the same in good order to said
cJerk, iree of freight or other chargc, in pursuance of the
terms on w hick they received them.
The resolution was then laid over, on notice of de-
bate.
Mr. CHAPMAN submitted the following resolu-
tion.
Resolved, That in the appointments to office under the
government of the United .States, the membeis of this House
consider that each State and Territory ought to have its due
propoi tion according to^the population thereof, as far as may
be found practicable consistently with the public interest;
and that the appointments hereafter to be made ought so to
be regulated as to equalize the proportion among tho States
and Territories as atoresaid.
Mr. WKNT WORTH offered to amend the reso-
lution by adding the words: ''provided there are not
men enough in the District of Columbia and the States
of Virginia and Maryland to hold said offices."
The resolution was then laid over, on notice of de-
bate.
The House then adjourned.
The following notices of petitions presented to-
day, were handed to the reporter by the members
presenting them:
By Mi. McILVAINE: The petition of Abraham Hamor
and 28 others, citizens of Fenny) lvania, praying for the pas-
sage of a law making a participation in the domestic slave-
tiade on the high seas a penal oitVnce, as the same art in ig-
lauon to the trade with Africa has been. The petition of
John Agnevv and 34 otheis, citizens of Pennsylvania, play-
ing for tho repeal of all laws which sanction or sustain
slavery in thj jjihtrict of Columbia or in the Territories, so
that the national government may, as iar as possible, cease
to interfere with the subject uf s>la\ciy, and pioteet all per-
sons under its jurisdiction in the exercise of their natural
rights.
By .Mr HALE: The petition of Daniel l' Cilley and 117
others, citizens of Manchester, New Hampshire, for the abo-
lition of slavery in the District of Columbia and the Territo-
ries. The petition of Henry I'heips. jr , and 6-2 others, citi-
zens of Gxoton, New Hampshire, that slavery may be abol-
ished in the District of Columbia and the Territories 'i he
petition oi S. C Bu'/zell and 38 others, citizens oi North wood,
New Hampshire, lor the abolition ot slavery in the District
ot Columbia and the Territories: all of which w ere rcspcc-
tivelj relened to ihe Committee for the District of Colum-
bia. The remonstrance of Daniel P Cilley and 129 otheis,
citizen^ of Manchester, New Hampshire, against the annex-
ation of Texav' to the Union Ihe remonstrance ol r> C.
JBuzzell on-1 13 others, citizens of Noithwood, New Hamp-
shire, against the annexation of Texas to the Union. The
remonstrance oi J. B. Chapman and 80 otheis, citizens of
Nuchna, New Hampshire, against the annexation of Texas
to the Union: all of which were respectively relerred to the
Committee on foreign Attairs.
By Mr. H HAMLIN: The petition of James Jenkins and
149 others, merchants, ship-owners, and citizens of Maine,
for the erection oi a light-house at Car) fort's lieof, Florida;
and also alight-house on Hat Key, Florida: referred to the
Committee on Commerce
By Mr. LUMPKIN: The petition of George Taylor, of
Gilmer county, in the State of Georgia, for live years1 pay
as an invahd soldier anterior to the 20th day of May, 1&43:
referred to the Committee on Invalid Pensions.
By Mr. TYLER: The petition of N. Dayton, and other
members and officers of the court of Oyer and Terminer of
the county of Chautauque, Now York, praying forajedur-
tion of the rates of postage. Also, the petition of Sailord
Eddy and others, citizens of Chautauque county, New
York, prajing for a reduction of the rates of postage.
By Mr. NHS: Two petitions numerously signed by citi-
zens of-Adams county, Pennsylvania, praying Congress to
puMj enactments to reduce the presentrates ol postage,
By Mr. !_>hOt'T: The petition of Stuart and 87
others. ofiiceuranJ students of the Theological Seminary
and of Fhjlhps Academy, at Andover, Massachusetts, re-
spectluliy -aid earnestly requesting that a lav. may be
parsed which shall'materially diminish the rates of post-
age
six Mr. WASHINGTON HUNT: Two petitions of citizens
of Niagora county, New York', for the abolition of slavery
in the District of Columbia, and the repeal of all laws sanc-
tioning slaver).
By Mr. JOHN W. DAVIS: The petition of James L. Loyd,
of Owen county, Indiana, praying an increase of pension as
a wounded marine, accompanied by certain testimony irom
the War Department.
By Mr. RATHBUN: The petition of John A. Barker and
others, to abolish the franking privilege, and to reduce post-
age on half-ounce letters'to two cents, if prepaid: referred
to the Committee on the Post Office and Post Roads. ^
By Mr. FUEEMAN H. MORSE: The petition of citizens
of South Thomaston, Lincoln county. Maine, asking xor the
establishment of a post office m South Thomaston.
By Mr. PHCENfX: The memorial of ship owners, under-
writers, masters of vessels, and others, in favor of erecting
light-houses on Gary's Foot Reef, and on Sombrero or Hat
Key, off the southwestern extremity of the coast of Florida.
By Mr. BAKER: The petition ol Samuel D. Sizer, of
Springfield, Massachusetts, asking compensation for an in-
vention for packing and boxing1 muskets, and for services in
relation thereto.
By Mr. HENRY DODGE: Three petitions signed by 140
citizens of the town of Milwaukie, Territory of Wisconsin,
asking Congress for an appropriation for the construction of
a harbor at the mouth oi the Sheboygan river, on tire west-
ern shore of Lake Michigan, ru said Territory. A petition
signed by 34 citizens of the Territory of Wisconsin, asking
Congress for an appropriation for the erection of a light-
house at the mouth of Sac Harbor, on the western shore of
Lake Michigan: referred to the Committee on Commerce.
By Mr. CARPENTER: The petition of 142 citizens of
Whrtestown, in the State of New York, for the adoption
of a system of uniform and cheap postage, having for its
basis a fixed rate of two cents postage on letters not exceed-
ing hah'an ounce in weight: referred to the Committee on
the Post Office and Post Roads.
By Mr. SEVERANCE: The petition of Drummond Farns-
worth and tour others, on behalf of the liberty convention
of the State of Maine, that Rev. Joshua Leavjtt may have a
desk assigned him as a reporter in the House. Petition of
Jacob Ames and others, or Chesterville, Maine, against an-
nexation of Texas. Petition of John Chancy for arrears of
pension.   
By Mr. SAMPLE: The petition of J. L. Jamegan and 76
other citizens of South Berrd, Indiana, praying the abolition
of the slave trade in the District of Columbia _ The petition
of Frances Slocum, of the Miami tribe ol Indians, praying
that the annuity due to herself, her children, and grand
children, may, after the removal of the Indians, be payable
at Foit Wayne or Peru.
By Mr. WENTWORTH: The petition of John Sears, jr.,
and others, for a donation of land for the completion of the
Illinois and .Michigan canal* referred to the Committee on
the Public Lands. The proceedings of a public meeting in
the city/)! Chicago, for a i eduction of postage: referred to
the Commrttc e on the Post Officc and Post Roads.
By Mr. ANDIIRW STEWART: The petition of citizens
of Huntingdon county, Pennsylvania, for a reduction of
postage: icierred to tho Committer on the Post Office and
Post Roads
By Mr. TILDEN: The memorial of Fierpont Edwards and
sundry other citizens of Canfield, Trumbull county, Ohio,
ju-aj-ms fora lotuction to two cents on all letters not ex-
ceeding one half ounce in weight: referred to the Committee
on the Post Oil ice and Post Koads. Memorial of Aimer
Hon- and suildiy other citi/ens oi Shaloisville, Portage
county, Ohio, praying lor tke improvement of the Fox and
Wisconsin rivers: referred to the Committee on Boada
and C.uials.
By Mr. TIIOMARSON: The petition of I. J. Sanford and
others: referred to the Committee of tho AVllole on tile state
ol the Union.
By Mr. SL.IDELL: The petition of tho Fontchaitram
Krtilroad Company, for aid in the construction and support
of harbor on Lake i'ontchartrain: refeircd to the Committee
on Commerce. Petition of B Broiver & Co., importers ol
glass waie at New Oilcans, for a leduction of duties en
glass ware: refened to tho Committee of Ways and
M'is'y Mr. SLHKNCK: The petition of Jeremiah Emeus ami
1 IS other citi/ens of Pielile county, Ohio, praying for an ap-
propriation to complete the Cumberland road.
By Mr. A. P. STONE: The memorial of James Russel and
1,022 citizens ol the State of Ohio, praj ing for the building
of a national planetarium: relerred to the Joint Committee
on the Library.
By Mr. IIAUALSON: The petition of Giles S. Boggs,
praying remuneration (or losses sustained by him as express
mail contractoi in 1836 T,
By Mr. UOlSTON: The petition and papers of R. I harp,
sr , praying that a law may be passed allowing him a revo-
lutionary pension: referred to the Committee on Revolu-
tionary Pensions.
IN SENATE.
Wednesday, January 29, 1845.
Mr. STURGEON presented a petition from Cad-
wallader Evans, of Pittsburgh, praying the govern-
ment to purchase his invention to prevent the ex-
plosion of steam-boilers. Also, a memorial from
Dr. Wm. M. Wright, of the city of Pittsburgh,
representing that he has invented an efficient, cer-
tain, and delicate mode of indicating the temper and
pressure of steam-boilers, and of preventing their
explosion, which he prays the government to test,
and if found good, to purchase the patent for the
invention. ...
Mr. S. made some remarks touching tfie merits of
the inventions, and expressed the opinion that the
•sublet was one which should engage the attention
of Confress, not only in consequence of the vast
property, but great amount of human life, hazarded
uoon our rivers and lakes and the ocean by the lia-
bility of steam-boilers to explosion. For one, he
was willing to recommend the appropriation of an
adequate fund, to be applied bv the Navy or W&
Department in testing the sufficiency "of ail lttven-
tions to prevent such explosions. On motion, the
petitions were referred to the Committee on Nayal
Mr.' DICKINSON presented a remonstrance
from 29 inhabitants of Delaware county, in the
State of New York, against the annexation of Tex-
as to the United .States: referred to the Committed
on Foreign Relations.
Mr. BUCHANAN presented a memorial from
Hugh Rush and 29 other citizens of the State of
Pennsylvania, remonstrating against the annexation
of Texas to the United States-, referred to the Com-
mittee on Foreign Relations. ..
Mr. WOODBURY presented a petition from
Alexander Tait, formerly a workman on the Patent
Office, praying the payment of the amount of money
to which he is entitled under the law for the relief
of the workmen on that building during the suspen-
sion of the labor thereon, without taking the
required by the board of commissioners, that lie did
not consider himself discharged by such suspen-
sion: referred to the Committee on Claims.
Mr. WALKER, from the Committee on the Ju-
diciary, reported a bill authorizing the settlement of
the accounts of Joseph Nourse; which was xead,
and ordered to a second reading.
On motion by COLOUITT, the Committee on
Revolutionary Claims were discharged from the fur-
ther consideration of the memorial of the directors
and professors of William and Mary College, pray-
ing indemnity for losses sustained by that institution
during the revolutionary war.
Mr. BARROW, from the Committee off Military
Affairs, reported a joint resolution authorizing the
construction of a barrack at Pass Christian; which
was read, and ordered to a second reading.
On motion by Mr. EVANS, the Committee on
Finance was discharged from the further considera-
tion of the claim of Harvey and Slagg, on the ground
that the committee were not called upon in any
way to examine into the validity of the claim by the
paper before them.
Mr. CRITTENDEN, from the Committee on
Military Affairs, made an adverse report on the pe-
tition of Alden Partridge, asking for a loan by the
government of certain arms and accoutrements for
the use of the military institution of which he ia the
head; which was ordered to lie on the table, and b®
PrMr.dpEARCE, from the Committee on the Li-
brary, reported back, without amendment, the bill
from the House for the purchase of certain copies
of the history of Oregon, California, and the other
territories on the northwestern coast of North Amer-
ica.
Mr. UPHAM presented the resolutions of the leg-
islature of Vermont, instructing the senators and
requesting the representatives from that State to use
their influence to procure the passage of a law for a
reduction of the rates of postage and a curtailment
of the franking privilege: read and ordered to be
printed.
Also resolutions from the same source, declaring
strongly in favor of the tariff of 1842, and of a dis-
tribution of the proceeds of the sales of the public
lands; instructing the senators and requesting the
representatives from that State to use their exertions
to prevent the repeal of the former, and to procure
the enactment of a law to carry out the principle of
distribution: read and ordered to lie on the table.
Also from the same source, resolutions express-
ing strongly the opinion of that body that Congress
has no power under the constitution to annex to this
government a foreign and independent State; also
expressing the opinion that, if the power existed, it
would be unjust and inexpedient to exercise it.
Mr. UPHAM said, that upon this question there
was but one feeling in the State of Vermont, as well
in the legislature as among the people; and that.was,
a settled hostility to the annexation. These resolu-
tions were passed by an almost unanimous vote
through the legislature of Vermont. The members
of the legislature did not deny that foreign territory
may under certain circumstances be annexed to the
Un.ited States; but it must be in the exercise of some
expressed power delegated by the constitution; but
they all deny that Congress has the power of an-
nexing foreign territory under any conditions what-
e%er. If the power exist at all, and be exercised in
any form, it must be by the treaty-making power.
The resolutions were read and ordered to lie on
the table.
