2ia
CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE
THE STOLEN, TREASURY NOTES.
J |0n motion of Mr. EVANS, the previous orders
of.the clay were postponed, and the -fill to provide
for the payment of evidences of public debt in cer-
tain Gases, was taken up for consideration as in com-
mittee of the whole, ana after a short explanation by
Mr. Evans, was reported to the Senate, and ordered
to.be engrossed for a third reading.
On motion by Mr. TAPPAN, leave was granted
to .withdraw from the files the papers in support of
the claim of a schooner lost, as he alleges, in the ser-
vice of the government.
The following bills from the House were read
twice, and referred, as follows:
The act giving till assent of Congress to the sale
of certain salt spring lands heretofore granted to the
States of Michigan and Illinois: referred to the Com-
mittee on Public Lands.
Theact to change the time of holding the circuit
and criminal courts in the county of Washington:
referred to the Committee on the District of Colum-
bia.
The act giving the courts of Wisconsin anil Iowa
jurisdiction over offences committed in the Indian
territory within their borders: referred to the Judi-
ciary Committee.
Mr. ASHLEY, on leax'e, introduced a bill supple-
mentary to the act entitled an act appropriating the
proceeds of the sales of the public lands, and to
grant pre-emption rights, approved the 4th, of Sep-
tember, 1841, so as to allow of the enty of quarter
quarter sections; which was read twice, and referred
to the Committee on Public Lands.
The joint resolution of the House for the benefit
of Francis Slocum and others was read twice, find
referred to the Committee on Indian Affairs; and the
bill from the House for the relief of the heirs of
John Heart, deceased, was read twice, and referied
to the Committee on Revolutionary Claims.
Mr. JARNAGIN moved to take up the resolution
in relation to the contract for the removal of the
Choctaw Indians. He remarked that he knew
nothing of the transactions himself, though he had
received many letters making complaints about this
contract. He hoped there would be no objection
to the resolution.
The resolution was taken up, when
Mr. WALKER expressed a hope that the reso-
lution would pass. He believed that all the infor-
mation called for had been already reported to the
other House; and a copy of that report could be
easily communicated to the Senate.
The resolution was then adopted, as follows:
Resolved, That tlie Secretary of AVar inform the Senate
what contracts have heretofore been made tor the ,romo\ al
of the Choctaws remaining east of the Mississippi river, and
for their subsistence for twelve months after their anival m
the country assigned to them west of the Mississippi, and
that he furnish a copy of ali such contracts, whether any
advertisements were made of the intention of the govern-
ment to make such contracts; and if not, whether proposals
for said contracts were made by any other persons than
those to whom such contracts were let 11 such pioposah
were received and examined, whether, at the time they
were opened, the present contractors were the lowest "bid-
ders for both of said contracts; and if not. who was the
owest bidder, and under what circumstances the present
contractors became the lowest bidders, what amount of
money has been advanced to these contractors on account
of said contracts; when, and to whom, whether theieis any
contract, agreement, or understanding that the contractors
are to have any additional allowance for ferriages, or othur
causes; and, if so, what is the nature of the subcontract,
agreement, or understanding; whether .'•aid contractor,
if any contracts have been made, have given bond and se-
curity'for their faithful performance, in what amount, and
the names of their sureties; whether any allegations h<u e
been made to the department against the suflicienc) of said
sureties, and what steps have been taken m relation theieto,
and whether the department has required irom the eon-
tiactois additional surety, whether the same has been
given, and if so, the names of such bondsmen; and what
steps have been taken by the contractor for the removal of
the said Indians; by what time, under said contracts., were
they bound to have a party under way, and wlu thci c-.ny
haveyet started on their journey. And that he inform the
Senate further, what amount ol sciip has been issued by
the department in the name and lor the use of ceitain ( hoc-
taw Indians, under the act of Congress ol the .August,
1S42; to whom said scrip has been delivered, and a copy ol
the instructions given to such agent; whether said agent is
jn any manner interested in either of the contracts /ibo\u
jeferred to; whether he has given secuiity for the laithfnl
distribution of said scrip, and in *v\ hat amount and who are
his securities. And that he nform the Senate further,
whether he has given any instructions himself, or o,ui«od
them to be given by any other person, to the Choctaw
agent, asking and requiring him to licence any person to
trade with the Choctaw Indian* in the country -nest, and ti
so, the name of the person so licensed, and that he commu-
nicate copies of all communications ip his ofhee in i elation
to said subjects.
On motion of Mr. MILLER, it was
Rtsolved, That the Seaetary of War be diiccted to com
municate to the Senate how many of the officers of the revo-
lutionary army died in the service between the 30th of iNo-
vember, 178*2, the date of the provisional articles of peace,
and the 3d of November, 1783; and whether the representa-
tives of any such oiHcei have received bounty lands under
the resolutions of Congress passed in 177(i, or under any
subsequent law or resolution of Congress.
On motion by Mr. BAYARD, the previous or-
ders were postponed, and the bill supplementary to
the act entitled an act to provide for the enlistment
of boys in the naval service, was taken up as in
committee of the whole, considered, and reported to
the Senate.
Mr. WOODBURY suggested to the senator from
Delaware the propriety ot making an amendment,
the character of which was not heard.
Mr. BAYARD yielded to the suggestion; and the
bill was ordered to lie on the table for the present.
Mr. JOHNSON, on leave, introduced a bill for
the relief of William P. Allen and Martin Thomas;
which was read twice, and referred to the Commit-
tee on the Post Office and Post Roads.
Mr. HUNTINGTON presented the petition of
Daniel Cain, in relation to impiovements in steam
boilers: referred to the Committee on Naval Af-
fairs.
The report of the Commissioner of Patents was
received, laid on the table, and a motion of Mr.
Phelps, uTprint 5,000, referred to the Commit-
tee on Printing.
POST OFFICE REFORM.
The general orders having been called,
On motion by Mr. MERRICK, the unfinished
business of yesterday was resumed, being the bill to
reduce the rates of postage, to limit the use and cor-
rect the abuse of the franking privilege, and for
the prevention of frauds on the revenues of the Pout
Office Department.
The CUAIR stated the pending question to be
on the amendment proposed hy the Senator from
New Jersey, [Mr. Millkr,] namely: to amend the
first section by striking out the specification of the
two rates of postage, 5 cents and 10 cents, and in-
serting the provision of the bill of last session as
amended by the Senate, namely, 'I rents on single
letters for 30 miles, 5 cents for 100 miles, JO cents
for 300 miles, and 15 ccnls for all greater distance:-;
double, treble, quadruple letters, &c., to be charged
ratably in the same proportion.
Mr. MILLER, at th« request of Mr- MER-
RICK, who wished to make the verbal amend-
ment which he suggested yesterday, withdrew Ins
amendment for a few moments.
On motion by Mr. MERRICIv, the first section
was amended by inserting the words, "not exceed-
ing half an ounce in weight," after the woids, and
every (clier composed of a single piece of paper. Tim
object was to allow country persons, such as fann-
ers, accustomed to write letters on coarse paper,
to use itstill, without incurring double postage on
a single sheet.
Mr. MILLER then renewed his motion to amend
the bill as above stated.
Mr. HUNTINGTON moved to amend (he
amendment by striking out the rates therein speci-
fied, and niseitlng three cents on each single letter
carried a distance not exceeding 50 miles, /irceents
on each for 250 miles, and lenccntsfnr all greater
distances. He stated that his object was 'to
substitute 3, 5, and 10 cents, for^ distances
of 50, 250 miles, and all beyond 250, in lieu
the 3, 5, 10, and 15 cents, proposed by the senator
from New Jersey, on distances of 30, 100, 300
miles, and ail beyond 300. lie stated that it waa
his conviction that the rates of postage which he
proposed would riot only yield more revenue than
either the latcs in the ouginal bill, oi those pio-
posed by the senator from New Jersey, but that
they would also draw into the regular mail a much
laiger poriion of the correspondence now trans-
mitted outside of the mail, than any other proposi-
tion likely to meet favor with the Senate.
Mi. MERRICK opposed both propositions, on
the ground that no plan could, wuh safety to the
department, be tried at present but that matured by
the Post Office Committee, lie invoked gentlemen
to keep in mind what he had so lepeatidly ur^ed
upon their attention, that it was not by underbidding
private expresses that the department could sustain
itself; nor was it the distance of transportation that
constituted the cost which was to regulate the dif-
ference of rates. Tie had several times urged the
recorded fact, which might be found on reference to
the reports of the derailment, that pfiiee service
and manipulation of mail matter constituted half
the expense, and therefore it was just, so far ua that
went, to charge the same rate for a letter sent 30
miles as for one sent 1,000 miles. It was only in
relation to the other half of the rate that the cost of
transportation entered aa an element cailipg for a
difference in regard to letters sent a short or a long
distance. He hoped the Senate would discounte-
nance any alteration of the bill, and reject these
amendments.
Mr. MILLER felt assured that the rates and dis-
tances proposed in the 'original bill would fail of
meeting public expectation, or of remedying the grie-
vances complained of by the department in relation
to the interference of private or public expresses. In
eases where 6J cents is the postage now on single
letters, the rate of the bdl would be 5 cents; and, as
the senator from New Hampshire very justly re-
marked yesterday, a reduction of a mere cent and a
quarter would have no effect whatever in either
bringing additional correspondence into the mail, or
in putting down the competition of expresses. Be-
sides, the senator from Maryland was altogether
mistaken in his position that the cost of ofiice ser-
vice and manipulation of letters was the same on
short on long distances. The mails carried long
distances have frequently to be shifted and parcelled
out on their routes, occasioning much more office
service and manipulation than could possibly be re-
quired on those sent short distances.
Mr. SIMMONS said be should vote for the
amendment to the amendment. He preferred it to
the provision already in the bill; or to the proposi-
tion submitted by the senator from New Jersey
[Mr. Miller.] The only question in his minu
was the policy of reducing the rates of postage
under fifty miles; but it was more in conformity
with the existing law that the reduction should take
place. The chairman of the committee [Mr. Mer-
rick] urged with gteat force and earnestness the
consideration that the expense of the establishment
was equal to that of the transportation of the mails,
and that, therefore, a letter going thirty miles costs
at the least one half as much as one going a thou-
sand miles. Now, according to his view of the
question, the senator from Maryland was entirely
mistaken. The transportation of the mails embraces
the cost of carrying newspapers and all printed mat-
tci; which he ventured to say was four times as
much as that of cairyingthc manuscript. All this
excessive expense in carrying the printed matter
had to be borne by the letter correspondence of the
country; and that was the evil which was complain-
ed of, and which required to be removed. Every-
body must know there is more expense in the office
service upon the letter which had to go a great dis-
tance, than one which had but a short distance to
go; from the fact that the package is handled over a
great many tunes. But ho considered that the
ofiice service for any of the^e letteis could not be
over one cent upon each letter—if that much. Sup-
posing, then, that it should cost a cent, it was obvi-
our that the Additional expense was in the trans-
position of the mail, and that was in a great degree
m proportion to ihe distance, if not actually so.
He should be perfectly satisfied with live and ten
cents as the extremes; although there was perhaps
a propriety in reducing below that for the accom-
modation of neighborhoods.
Whot was the object in view in the passage of
this bilp The prevent the interference of expresses,
and to preclude the carrying of letters by private
hands. This interference by private hands was uni-
formly within a distance that could be travelled with-
in twenty-four hours. Letters were not generally
committed to the care of individuals if they were to
stop over night, and take a rest on the journey. The
mail did not stop m that way; and the principal in-
tcifeicnec with the revenue of this depai tment was
upon thowft short routes where the journey was pcr-
foimedin ten or twelve hours. What was the rc-
duciion propo.^rd upon letters from Albany to New
York, which was perhaps one of [he greatest tho-
loughfarcs in the country? The present rale of
postage was twelve and a half cents; and the hill
proposes to reduce it to ten cents. Now, he sub-
mitted to the chairman of the committee, if he [Mr.
Mkrrick] supposed that a reduction of two and a
halfcents upon letteis going this route, and all that
class of letters, would make the slightest diffeience,
or at all ehangc the character of the service.' Would
they not go precisely as they now go—part in the
mail, and pnrt out of the mail?
It appeared to him that this provision made a small
and trifling reduction upon those routes which are
greatly intei Icred with, and made a vast reduction
where theic was scarcely any interference. For in-
