CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
915
rien, Buchanan, Clayton, Crittenden, Dayton, Evans, Fos-
ter, Hannegan, Henderson, Huger, Johnson, Lewis, Man-
gum, Merrick; Miller, Morehead, Rives, Sturgeon, Upham,
and White—24.
Mr. BAGBY moved to strike out the 9'th section
of the bill, which, m substance, in lieu of the present
privilege of franking, provides for furnishing mem-
bers of Congress and delegates of Territories with
a number of free covers equal to five each per day
for each session, which covers shall pass free of
postage to the extent of two ounces each; excess
of weight over that to be chargeable as for common
letters.•
He was for either retaining the franking privilege
as it is, but guarded properly against abuses, or for
abolishing it altogether. He considered it a privi-
lege of much greater consequence to the constituen-
cy of members than to themselves. The abuse of
the privilege was no argument against its use; for
the best and holiest of human institutions were lia-
ble to abuse, yet that was no argument for their ab-
olition.
Mr. DICKINSON made a few remarks not dis-
tinctly heard in the gallery.
Mr. PHELPS moved to postpone the further
consideration of the subject till to-morrow.
It was accordingly postponed.
The Senate then adjourned.
HOUSE OP REPRESENTATIVES.
Wednesday, January 29, 1845.
OREGON NEGOTIATION.
Mr. J. W. DAVIS asked the general consent of
the House to take up and consider a resolution, of-
fered some time since by him, calling on the Presi-
dent of the United States for any correspondence in
relation to the negotiation now pending between this
country and Great Britain in relation to Oregon.
The SPEAKER replied that it was not in order,
the House already acting under suspension of the
rules.
Mr. DAVIS waived his request for the present.
The resolution offered by Mr. Chapman last eve-
ning, and now the pending question, came up this
morning.
Mr. HUGHES offered the following resolution:
Resolved, That the Committee on Military Affairs inquire
into the expediency of establishing a military post on Table
creek, north of the State of Missouri, within the country
assigned to the Pottawatamie, Ottowa, and Chippewa In-
dians; and that they repoi-t by bill or otherwise.
The resolution was agreed to.
Mr. CROSS gave notice that he should, at some
subsequent day, introduce a bill for the relief of sun-
dry claimants to donations of land in the State of
Arkansas.
PAPERS FOR MEMBERS.
On motion of Mr. CROSS,
Ordci ed, That the clerk cause to be furnished to tin- mem-
bers of this House, during the present session, such papeis
as they may direct, the expense thereof not to exceed three
daily papers.
Mr. McCLELLAND, pursuant to notice, intro-
duced a bill for the relief of Jeremiah Morse; which
was twice read, and referred to the Committee of
Claims.
Mr. AUGUSTUS C. DODGE presented an au-
thenticated copy of the act of the legislative assem-
bly of Iowa, entitled "An act to provide for the ex-
pression of the opinion of the people of the Territo-
ry of Iowa upon the subject of the formation of a
State constitution for the State of Iowa." Also a
certified abstract of the census of said Territory,
taken in the month of May, 1844, and also a certi-
fied abstract of the vote of the people of said Terri-
tory upon the question of convention or no conven-
tion. Mr. D. moved that they be laid upon the ta-
ble and printed.
Mr. D. then offered the following:
Resolved, That the Secretary of War be directed to com-
municate to the House the report of Captam J. Allen, 1st
dragoons, of his expedition during last summer to the
sources of the Des Moines, Blue Earth. and other rivers in
the northwest, together with his journal and maps ol the
country over which he marched
Mr. CAVE JOHNSON objected to the adoption
of the resolution. He said that it would impose
much labor upon the clerks of the department to
make copies of these papers; and that the expense
of printing these documents, journal, &c., would be
considerable. He would inquire of the gentleman
from Iowa what object he had in view m calling for
the report of this officer, and in asking its publica-
tion. If the reports and journals of other officers
performing like services were to be published, there
was no telling what their cost might amount to.
Mr. DODGE, in reply, stated that Captain J.
Allen, of the 1st dragoons, who was stationed at the
Racoon fork of the river Des Moines, in Iowa, had
performed, during the past summer and fall, an ex-
pedition into the Indian country of the northern por-
tion of the United States.
The object of this excursion was to explore the
country and visit the Indian tribes about the sources
of the Des Moines and the Blue Earth river, and on
the waters of the Big Sioux river. He was re-
quired by his orders to take notes of the features of.
the country—of its geography and topography—and
to make a report ana journal of the expedition, to be
accompanied by a map of the country over which
he marched. Mr. D. had received a letter from
Capt. Allen—whom he regarded as a highly intelli-
gent and enterprising officer—giving an account of
the expedition. Capt. A. had taken great pains in
the execution of this service; and had collected in-
formation, as he informed him, (Mr. D.) of thenorth-
ern portion of Iowa, which would be highly inter-
esting to those wishing correct information of that
section of the country. Capt. A. carried a sextant
with him, and had determined the latitude of several
points. He had found the extreme source of the
Des Moines (Lake of the Oaks) to be in latitude
43 deg. 57 min. 32 sec: a distance, as he estimated, of
248 miles above the point on that river at which the
dragoons are stationed. He was fifty-four days in
performing the expedition, and marched, in going
and returning, 740 miles.
Mr. JOHNSON inquired if the gentleman from
Iowa could state the size of the report, journal, &c.
Mr. DODGE said that he could not. He had
seen neither the report nor journal. Mr. D.'s state-
ments were based on Captain Allen's letter to him.
Mr. D. remarked that there was scarcely a day
that inquiries were not made of him by members
and others for information touching the very coun-
try over which this- dragoon officer had marched,
and of which his report would doubtless contain
much; and that, too, which could be relied on.
In conclusion, Mr. D. said that, if information,
such as the report, &c., for which his resolution
called, was to be hermetically sealed up in the War
Department, he thought that the regiments of dra-
goons would be deprived of much of their useful-
ness, and might as well be disbanded.
The question was then taken, and the resolntion
adopted.
Mr. DODGE then introduced a 1 rill for the relief
of F. M. Irish; which was read, and referred to the
Committee of Claims.
Mr. ROBERT SMITH offered the following res-
olution:
Resolved, That the Secretary oftVarhr, and he 11 hereby,
instructed to Cimse to be prepared, by competent engineers,
and lay before this House on or before the 1st day of Janu-
ary next, the most approved plans, methods and systems,
now or formerly in us-o in this and othei cotmli jos, of drain-
ing low grounds, swamps, superficial liko-? and pond«,
marshes, bogs, and ions, caused by tho flow of the ocean,
the periodical inundations of rivers and creeks, or other-
wise. Also estimates of the lelative \ aluo of such plnns,
considered with regard to their easy and letuly application,
,to their efficiency, and to the expenditures of money they
would severally involve in the execution of any j^iven
work; the department at thn same time to lay befoi<> the
House an estimate of the number of acres ofpuMic lands
lying within the boundaries of the new States ?nd organ-
ized Territories, the supeifieHl area of which is eov<-to<i by
swamps, wet grounds, marshes, &c , together with his opin-
ion as to the practicability and cost of draining the same.
Mr. CAVE JOHNSON objecting, the resolution
was laid over.
On motion of Mr. REDING, by general consent,
5,000 extra copies of the document relative to the
commercial systems of foreign countries were order-
ed to be printed.
Mr. HOUSTON moved to reconsider the follow-
ing resolution adopted yesterday, on motion of Mr.
Hopkins, (in copying which yesterday for our re-
port, an error oscurred:)
Resolved, That copies of all bills and th«  calendars of the
House be regularly placed upon the reporters' desks.
Mr. H. made a remark or two in support of the
resolution.
Mr. HOPKINS thought they ought to do one of
two Unrigs—either to place in possession of the re-
porters of this House tne means of communicating
correct information to the country, or they had no
use for reporters here. The reports were often in-
correct, as was admitted by the reporters themselves,
owing to the want of the necessary facilities.
The SPEAKER interposed, and remarked that
debate was not in order.
Mr. HOPKINS remarked that the expenses in-
volved were inconsiderable. It was their duty to
put in the possession the means of communicating
correct information. It was due to the members of
this House as well as to the reporters themselves.
After some conversation between Mr. ADAMS
and the SPEAKER,
The question was taken, and the motion to recon-
sider was agred to—yeas .119, nays 32.
OREGON TERRITORY.
Mr. A. V. BROWN moved to suspend the rules,
that the House might resolve itself into a Commit-
tee of the Whole, to take up the Oregon bill.
APPOINTMENTS TO OFFICE.
Mr. CHAPMAN called up the following resolu-
tion offered by him yesterday, on which the previ-
ous question had been moved.
. Resolved, That in the appointments to office under the
government of the United States, the members of this House
consider that each State and Territory ought to have its
due pioportion according to the population thereof as far
as may be found practicable consistently with the public in-
terest; and that the appoiatments hereafter to be made
ought so to he regulated as to equalize the proportion
among the States and Territories as aforesaid.
The resolution having been read,
Mr. A. V. BROWN inquired whether that sub-
ject had priority over his motion.
The CHAIR said that when the House adjourn-
ed yesterday, the question was pending en the call
for the previous question on this motion. It, there-
fore, had priority over other business.
Mr. ADAMS inquired of the mover of the reso-
lution whether he wished to limit* the constitutional
right of the executive to make appointments to
office.
Mr. CHAPMAN said that the resolution con-
templated nothing more than an expression of the
opinions of the members of the House.
Mr. D. L. SEYMOUR moved to lay the resolu-
tion on the table.
Mr. CHAPMAN called for the yeas and nays,
which were ordered.
Mr. SEYMOUR withdrew his motion to lay the
resolution on the table.
The question was then put, "Will the HouSfe
second the call for the previous question? and de-
cided in the negative without a division.
Mr. ADAMS t^ien gave notice of his intention to
debate the resolution, and it was laid over under the
rules.
OREGON TERRITORY.
Mr. BELSER moved to suspend the rules, that
House might resolve itself into a Committee of the
Whole on the state of the Union, to take up the
Oregon bill.
Mr. LT5VY asked leave to submit a resolution,
which he was prevented from doing while resolu-
tions were in order yesterday, by being absent
from the House.
Objections being made,
Mr. LEVY moved to suspend the rules, but the
motion was decided to be out of order.
Mr. ADAMS wished to inquire of the chairman
of ihe Committee on Territories, whether he propos-
ed at this time to enter into the debate on the Oregon
lull immediately after the House had passed a resolu-
tion, by almost a unanimous vote, calling on the Presi-
dent to communicate information essentially neces-
sary for them to act with a fair understanding of the
subject. The House had also passed a resolution
for the purchase of Mr. Greenhow's work on the
subject, which was equally necessary for the infor-
mation of the House.
Mr. THOMPSON said he must interpose. This
question certainly was not debatable.
Mr. ADAMS said that he did not propose to de-
bate it, but he would suggest to the chairman of the
Committee on Territories to allow some days to
pass for the reception of that information which, by
unanimous consent of the House, was decided to
be necessary for a fair understanding of the sub-
ject.
The CHAIR here reminded the gentleman that
the question w.13 not debatable.
Mr. A. V. BROWN (chairman of the Committee
on Territories) said that he did not distinctly hear
the remarks of the gentleman, but he understood
him as inquiring whether he meant to insist on car-
rying on this debate iii the absence of the informa-
tion that had been called for. In reply, he would
say, that he was not disposed to drive this bill
through, but he hoped the House would act on it
without delay. As to Mr. Greenhow's boek, and the
correspondence that had bewi called for, he did not
deem them indispensable; though, if the House was
