M
CONGRESSIONAL GtOBfi.
By Mr. ROBINSON: The petitions from citizens of Oswe-
go county, New York, praying for a further appropriation
fo improve the harbor at Port Ontarib, New York- which
were referred-to the Committee of the Whole on the state of
the Union.
Mr. WE NT WORT H called up four petitions from four
citizens of Kendall county, Illinois, George Hollenback
Oeorge B. Hollenback, and two others, for damages sus-
tained in the Black Hawk war, and had them referred atrain
to the Committee of Claims.
By Mr. FOSTER: The petition of S. P. Herron and others,
citizens of Alleghany county, Pennsylvania, praving for the
abolition of slavery in the District of Columbia. *
By Mr. BRINKERHOFF: The petition of citizens of Cold
Creek, Ohio, prayiig an appropriation for the improvement
of the harbor of Sandusky, Ohio. Petition of citizens of
Sandusky for an appropriation for the improvement of the
harbor at Vermillion, Ohio; which were referred to the
Committee on Commerce.
By Mr. MOSFXEY: The petition of Stephen York, of
Clarence, New York, for compensation for property lost
during the late war with Great Britain.
By Mr. THOMPSON: The petition of sundry citizens of
Mississippi and Arkansas, praying the erection of a military
road from Helena, Arkansas, to the highlands in the State
of Mississippi: referred to the Committee on Roads and
Canals.
By Mr. W.HUNT: The petition of citizens of Lofkport,
New York, for a grant of land to aid in extending the Wa-
bash and Erie canal. The petition of citizens of Lockport,
New York, for the repeal of all laws legalizing slavery,
&c.
By Mr. HUDSON: The petition of Samuel B. Hubbard
and others, of Holden, Massachusetts, against the annexation
of Texas.
House of Representatives,
January 28,1845.
Mr. Pratt of New York presented the memorial
of Asa Whitney, (a merchant of that State, who
has recently returned from China,) praying for the
appropriation of a certain portion of the public
lands for constructing a railroad from Lake Mich-
igan through the Rocky- mountains to the Oregon
Territory, on the shores of the Pacific ocean.
On presenting this memorial, Mr. P. remarked,
that the subject was one of the most important char-
acter—alike valuable and magnificent—well worthy
of the attention and patronage of the American peo-
ple. Now that the Oregon question is under dis-
cussion in the halls of Congress, and indeed every-
where throughout the whole land—now is emphat-
ically the time for considering most seriously all
the bearings of an important project of this charac-
ter. For the most extended commercial purposes—
for the convenience and advantage of the whole
American people—and last, but not least, for the
purpose of securing the American interests in the
vast regions of Oregon, and promoting the capaci-
ties of our common country for warlike defence as
well as for all the advantages of peaceful intercourse
between the people dwelling on the shores of the
Atlanticand Pacific oceans, the project of facilitating
the intercourse by railroad and steam-power is one
of the noblest to which the attention of our fellow-
citizens and the energies of our government could now
bedirected. Such avast line of communication, once
completed, would prove an invaluable auxiliary in
cementing the interests of our widely extended ter-
ritory—in extending the blessings of our free insti-
tutions—in strengthening the friendly bonds which
link together these States in one grand political con-
federacy. And, in addition to all this, from the
facilities which such a line of intercourse would
afford—from the fact that, in furnishing a direct
westerly passage between Europe and China, it
would consummate what Columbus and other
navigators long sought to obtain—in addition to
all the foregoing considerations, he repeated, this
Atlantic and Pacific railroad, managed with proper
liberality, would soon become the highway of nations.
In conclusion, Mr. Pratt again invoked for the
whole subject the earnest consideration of this
House, and of the people at large—especially as
this project contemplates the settlement of the coun-
try along the route, as the work upon the railroad
advances in its progress towards the Pacific ocean.
After the remarks of~Col. Pratt, the memorial, on
his motion, was referred to the Committee on Rail-
roads and Canals.
To the Senate and House of Repi'esentatives of the
United Stales, in Congress assembled.
Your memorialist begs respectfully to represent
to your honorable body, that, by rivers, railroads,
and canals, all the States east and north of the
Potomac connect directly with the waters of the
creat lakes. That there is a chain of railroads in
projection, and being built, from New York to the
southern 3hores of Lake Michigan, crossing all the
veins of communication to the ocean, through all the
States south and east of the Ohio river, producing com-
ino'cial, political, and national results and benefits,
which must be seen and felt through all our vast
confederacy.
Your memorialist would further represent to your
honorable body, that he has devoted much time and
attention to the subject of a railroad from Lake Michi-
gan through the Rocky mountains to tliePacificocean,
and that he finds such a route practicable, the re-
sults from which would be incalculable—far beyond
the imagination of man to estimate. To the inte-
rior of our wide-spread country it would be as the
heart is to the human body. It would, when all
completed, cross all the mighty rivers and streams
which wend their way to the ocean, through our
vast and rich valleys, from Oregon to Maine—a
distance of more than three thousand miles.
The incalculable importance of such a chain of
roads will readily be seen and appreciated by your
honorable body. It would enable us, in the short
space of eight days (and perhaps less) to conccn-
trate all the forces of our vast country at any point
from Maine to Oregon, in the interior or on the
coast; such easy and rapid communication, with
such facilities for exchanging the different products
of the different parts, would bring all our immensely
wide-spread population together as in one vast city
—the moral and social effects of which must har-
monize all together as one family, with but one in-
terest—the general good of all.
Your memorialist respectfully represent further
to your honorable body, that the roads from New
York to Lake Michigan, a distance of eight hun-
dred and forty miles, will no doubt be completed by
the States through which they pass, or by private
individuals. That from Lake Michigan to the
mouth of the Columbia river on the Pacific, is two
thousand one hundred and sixty miles—making
from New York to the Pacific three thousand miles—
and can be performed in eight days. From Co-
lumbia river to the Sandwich Islands is two thousand
one hundred miles—making from New York to tho
Sandwich Islands five thousand one hundred miles.
From the Columbia river to Japan is five thousand
six'hundred miles—making from New York to Japan
eight thousand six hundred miles. From Colum-
bia river to Amoy, m China, (the port nearest to
the tea and silk provinces,) is six thousand
two hundred miles—making from New York
to Amoy only nine thousand two hundred
miles; which, with a railroad to the. Pacific,
and thence to China by steamers, can be per-
formed in thirty days, being now a sailing distance
of nearly seventeen thousand miles, and requiring
from one hundred to one hundred fifty days for its
performance. Then the drills and sheetings of
Connecticut, Rhode Island, and Massachusetts, and
other manufactures of the United States, may be
transported to China in thirty days; and the teas
and rich silks of China, in exchange, come back to
New Orleans, to Charleston, to Washington, to
Baltimore, to Philadelphia, New York, and to Bos-
ton, in thirty days more.
Comment is unnecessary. Your honorable body
will readily see the revolution to be wrought by this
in the entire commerce of the world, and that this
must inevitably be its greatest channel—when the
rich freights from the waters of the Mississippi and
the Hudson will fill to overflowing, with the prod-
ucts of all the earth, the store-houses of New York
and New Orleans, the great marts dividing the com-
merce of the world; while cach State and every
town in our vast confederacy would receive its just
proportion of influence and benefits, compared with
its vicinity to, or facility to communicate with, any
of the rivers, canals, or railroads crossed by this
great road.
Your memorialist would respectfully represent to
your honorable body, the political importance of the
project—that, aflb.ding a communication from
Washington to the Columbia river in less than eight
days, a naval depot, with a comparatively small na-
vy, would command the Pacific, the South Atlantic
and Indian oceans, and the Chinese seas.
Your memorialist begs respectfully to represent
further to your honorable body, that he can see no
ways or means by which this great and important
object can be accomplished for ages to come, except
by a grant of a sufficient quantity of the public do-
main; and your memorialist believes that, from the
proceeds of such a grant, he .will be enabled to com-
plete said road in a reasonable time, and at the same
time settle this vast region of country, so far as the
lands may be found suited to cultivation, with an in-
dustrious and frugal people; thus, m a comparatively
short space of time, accomplishing what would oth-
erwise require ages, and thus at once giving us
the power of dictation to tiiose who will not iortg
remain satismed without an attempt to dictate to
us.
Our system of free government works so well,
diffusing so much intelligence, dispensing equal
justice, and insuring safety to all, and producing so
much comfort and prosperity, that its influence must,
like a mighty flood, sweep away all other systems.
But let us not flatter ourselves that this overwhelm-
ing current is not to meet resistance; for to us, di-
rectly will that r«sistanc« be applied; and your me-
morialist believes that we must yet meet the despe-
rate and final struggle which shall perpetuate our
system and religious and civil liberty.
Your honorable body are aware of the over-popu-
lation of Europe; and your memorialist would re-
spectfully represent that, by the application of ma-
chinery and its substitution for manual labor, the
latter no longer receives its just or sufficient reward;
and thousands, in the fear of starvation at home,
are driven to our shores, hoping, from oui;
wide-spread and fertile soil, to find a rich reward
for their labors. Many of them ignarant, and all in-
experienced, having been herded together in
large numbers at home, dread separation, even fVom
misery—fear the wilderness or the prairie, and re-
fuse to leave the city. Their small means soon ex-
hausted, they see abundance around them, almost
without jirice; but that small price they can no longer
pay. ^Necessity plunges them into vice, and per-
Laps crime, and they become burdensome to our
citizens—ail which evils are increasing to an alarm-
ing extent; and your memorialist believes they must
increase, unless there can be some great and impor-
tant point in our interior to which such emigrants
can be attracted immediately on their landing, and
where their little means, with their labor, can pur-
chase lands, where they will escape the tempting
vices of our cities, and where they will have a home,
and their labor from their own soil will produce, not
only their daily bread, but, in time, an affluence of
which they could never have dreamed in their na-
tive land.
Your memorialist believes that this road will
be the great and desirable point of attraction; that it
will relieve our cities from a vast amount of misery,
vice, crime, and taxation; that it will take the poor
unfortunates to a land where they will be compelled
to labor for a subsistence, and as they will soon find
that their labor and efforts receive a just and suffi-
cient reward, finding themseves surrounded with
comfort and plenty, the reward of their own toil,
their energies will kindle into a flame of ambition
and desire,' and we shall be enabled to educate them
to our system—to industry, prosperity, and virtue.
Your memorialist would further respectfully rep-
resent to your honorable body that, from an esti-
mate as near accurate as can bo made short of an
actual survey, tlw cost of said road, to be built in a
■safe, good, and substantial manner, will be about
#50,000,000; and as the road cannot, from the situ-
ation of the uninhabited country through which it
will pass, earn anything, or but little, before its com-
pletion, then a further sum will be required to keep
it in operation, repairs, &e., of $15,000,000, making
the total estimated cost of said road, when complete,
the sum of §05,000,000.
It may require some years before the earnings of
said road, at the low rate of tolls necessary for its
complete success, can be much, if anything, beyond
its current expenses for repairs, &c.; but after a
comparatively short period of years, and at the very
lowest possible rate of tolls, it must earn more than
ample for its repairs and expenses. It would be
the only channel for the commerce of all the
western coast of Mexico and South America, of the
Sandwich Islands, Japan, all China, Manilla, Aus-
tralia, Java, Singapore, Calcutta, and Bombay—not
only all ours, but the commerce of all Europe, to
the most of these places, must pass this road. Your
memorialist says must, because the saving of time,
so all-important to the merchant, from the long and
hazardous voyage around either of the capes, would
compel it; and in a few years would he built up
towns, cities, and villages, from the lake to the
ocean, which would alone support the road.
Being built from the public lands, the road should
be free, except so far as sufficient for the necessary
expenses of keeping it in operation, repairs, &c\,
&c.; and your memorialist believes that, at a very
low rate of tolls, a sum would be gained sufficient,
after all curreut expenses, to make a handsome dis-
tribution for public education; and as a part of the
earnings of the road will be from foreign commerce,
