MO
CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
of voughers./ The duties Sf disMrsing officer places the
commander in such a relation to the crew as to affect in-
juriously the discipline of tlie ship] If provision shall be
made for the increase of the number of disbursing officers of
the navy, ^s is earnestly recommended, it may be effected
wi£h more economy, and with great advantage, by au-
thorningthe appointment of assistant pursers, at a small
salaryv Twelve^such officers might be employed with
great advantage in the small vessels in commission. They
would acquire an accurate knowledge of their duties, and
constitute a plass from which promotions to the more im-
portant and responsible office of purser might be advanta-
geously made. In the British naval service, the employment
of clerks in charge, in the sm.aller vessels, doing the duty of
purser, has been approved, after long experience."
Abd again, with regard to surgeons:
"The number of surgeons and assistants is found to be be-
low the wants of the service. The Oregon had to proceed
to sea recently with a citizen surgeon, and the voluntary
but reluctant resignation of several passed assistant sur-
geons of great merit shows that the duties required of those
in service are greater than they ought to be subjected to/'
So much for the report of the Secretary of the Navy, in
which he earnestly recommends the appointment of these
officers. But the committee were not satisfied with that
general statement. They required a particular explanation
of the wants of the service; and, upon application to the
department, the following exhibition was furnished, dated
January 9,1845. It transmits the names of the officers, and
a statement of the vessels for which pursers are required.
Upon looking over this list, which was very full and com-
plete, he found not less than ten vessels in which the duties
of purser -were performed by the commanding officer. The
names of the vessels were given in the list. It was impo-
sing upon the commanding officer of a ship to compel him
to perform the duties of his own station and also the duties
of purser. 'The committee, after considering this detailed
exposition of the case, came to the conclusion that there
was a necessity for an addition of twelve pursers to the na-
vy, and they accordingly reported this provision. In re-
gard to the surgeons, there was a detailed statement from
the bureau of surgery and medicine, showing precisely
■what the wants of that branch of service were. In that
statement, the chief of the bureau, Dr. Harris, shows an
apparent necessity for twenty-live assistant supgeons; but
; the committee were not willing to go beyond fifteen. It
; was, therefore, not unadvisedly, or without consideration of
;• the whole subject in all its bearings, that the committee
* had come to this conclusion—a conclusion founded upon
| the expressed opinion of the proper bureau of the depart-
ment, and of the secretary himself, who was at the head of
1 the department.
Mr. CRITTENDEN said that the honorable senator had
furnished the Senate with a sort of explanation ot the sub-
ject which rendered the bill less satisfactory than it was
before, by his admission of a few simple facts. He had in-
formed the Senate that he was brought to the conclusion
that an addition of fifteen surgeons and twelve pursers was
necessary; and yet he had not said a word about the num-
ber now in the service. Now, he, (Mr. C.) had a book
which contained the number. There were sixty-nine sur-
geons in the service; and yet the Oregon was obliged to
sail without an official surgeon! What had become of the
sixty-nine, when the Oregon was about to sail? Had we
sixty-nine ships at sea, or one half that number at any one
time"? Had we ever at sea at one time anything like the
number of vessels that we have of surgeons in the navy?
If we had ahundred and fifty surgeons it might still be that
a vessel might be compelled to sail without a surgeon.
There are already in the service sixty-nine surgeons, and
sixty-seyen pursers. Why sixty-nine surgeons, and sixty
seven pursers could not supply the wants of a navy that
was never under commission at one time, to anything like
that number of vessels, was a matter, he thought, upon
which some explanation was needed—and he did nut believe
that a€y satisfactory explanation could be givpn. Tn
his opinion the increase proposed was not necessary—
unless, indeed, it was necessary to have such a number of
officers as would enable the honorable gentleman [Mr. Bam-
ako] without the least inconvenience to any of those offi-
cers, to require their services at sea. He (Mr. C) knew
very well that these surgeons were not only necessary on
board of ships, but on stations ashore; but it seemed to him
that there was already an adequate supply in the service for
all stations. Could the gentleman state how many stations
there were on shore in want of surgeons? For sea service
there were enough, and infinitely more than enough; and,
for all he knew to the contrary, there were enough, and
more than enough, both of pursers and surgeons, for all our
naval stations besides. It seemed to him to be no very light
matter to require Congress to increase at once the number
of our officers at this rate, by a provision of the bill, which
would soon, if we were to go on in the same way, encum-
ber the Navy Department. The other provision was one
"of less consequence—as to the age of the chaplain. Still he
was far from being satisfied with the explanation which the
honorable senatoi had given on this subject; and he almost
feared to ask for any further explanation, for he was a little
surprised to find that the honorable gentleman seemed to
have a little personal feeling when he rose-rather choosing
to ascribe the doubt of the propriety of this measure to ig-
norance onhis (Mr. C.'s) part, than to any omission on his
°V]Hi8 (Mr. C's) surprise could only originate from his igno-
rance: and then followed a sort of explanation which the
the honorable gentleman made to enlighten him on the
subject. The argument ofthe gentleman was very strange,
though perhaps it might be right- But as he (Mr. C ) was
no metaphysians, he fid not go very aeeP'['"'"j <hc' "^1-
Perhaps the true state of the case was, that he did no ■ "ghl
ly appreciate the argument of the honorable 3 .
f'vtr. fljfAUD] said that the reason for making his lnutation
in regard to the age of clergymen, was directly therei tree
of what it was m regard to all other professions f<>r
stance, that of a senator. Now, the honorable senator must
be at least thirty years old. He was obliged to bi -hat be-
fore he became a member of the Senate; but no man could
be appointed chaplain in the navy, unless he beles*'f™
thirty. The reason was, that it was right enough to select
the honorable senator and himself, after they were thirty
years of age. They go on improving in experience; but
the preacher stops short There is an impassable line in
the way of his improvement. By thirty years, he has
reached the full amount of knowledge and experience. He
can never improve after that. Not at all. After that, he
becomes like an old cask that is perfectly useless—a cask
that won't hold wine, or anything else.
And this was the argument with which he was enlighten-
ed on this subject!
He did not know why the clergyman might not improve
after the age of thirty—why the Christian, as % ell as the
infidel, might not improve. There was no reason for it;
nor could he see any reason why they should be examined
like raw recruits, and qualified for the office by being under
thirty years of age, and perfectly sound men. He did not
care from what authority such a recommendation as this
came. He spoke it without intending any disrespect, or
any disparagement to the board of officers or others; but so
far as he could judge for himself, no authority should con-
trol him upon this subject There could be no icason for
excluding men who had attained the age of thirty. His
whole experience had been to the contraiy, and it lie v\ ere
compelled to make any except.ons on the score of age, it
would be in favor of those who had attained that, ormore
than the age of thirty. He should think the veneration
which age would give to the chnnictei of the clergyman
would be an additional recommendation Ho should think
the respect which is natural for years, and a venerable and
dignified deportment, would have its influence on the minds
of the sailors—a much greater and a much better influence
than the bearing of one of your juvenile clergy, who is as
much m danger of falling into the habits of sailors as sail-
ors axe of becoming pious or 3mbibing religious notions.
No—he was forno provision of this sort.
There was another objectionable restriction, too.
The clergyman must be a man of libeial education How
much education was necessary to make up a liberal educa-
tion? He knew many a backwoods preacher who was a
thousand times better fitted for the office, though possessed
of very little book learning, than many men of moxe liberal
education There was a great deal lequisite to qualify a
man to be a chaplain. He must be under thiitj years old,
ot liberal education, and, above all, sound, just us if be
were a foot soldier, about to bo enlisted Now, while he
thought he could trust to the discretion ot the officer of (he
department, not to appoint men decrepid from old age, or
incompetent to peiform their duties from disease, he saw
no reason why a chaplain should be required to he sound---
absoluielv sound m body or health. There v. ere many con-
ditions of life, far removed "from a perfect state of health,
which would not at all disqualify him foi performing his du-
ties. He (Mr C ) feared, also, that an interpretation could
be given to the words liberal education, which, as used in
the bill, would have the eflW t of excluding many a compe-
tent and meritorious man. No man would like to feel him-
self unqualified. A great many ofthe worthiest clergy- -(and
he happened to know many worth) people of that class.)
who were not remarkably well educated, and yet who had
as much education as fitted them for the discharge of all
their religious duties—would be excluded underpins pro-
vision about "libeial education'' Could not this thing be
committed to the executive officer ofthe government' Why
does the Secretary ofthe Navy so anxiously .solicit the con-
trol of Congress on these matters' "Why does lie solicit it to
control his opinion1 Why does he desire it to forbid any
man over thirty years of age from being appointed chaplain?
Why forbid any man unless he have a liberal education/
And why exclude any man that is not perfectly sound'' If,
in his discretion, it be necessary, where is the use of any
further control? If this sort of dcicriptio pfi-soynr is to be at-
tached to an officer of the navy- if the chaplain is to be un-
der thirty, liberally educated, and sound, ought not the Re-
corder ofthe Land Office to be the same' In legislating up-
on matters of this kind, it was necessary to trust to the dis-
ci etion ofthe officer undei whose contiolthohe appoint-
ments are made, and to nil the varying circumstances The
question was a very delicate one. whether, bj law, we shall
interpose a rule against those who niaj be just as competent
for the station from which the) are excluded, as those who,
under the provision, are considered qualified.
These were the views which constrained him to oppose
the lull. lie saw no necessity for the appointment of addi-
tional surgeons and pursers, 1101 any reason for making
these exclusions in regard to the chaplains.
On motion of Mr MERRICK, the bill was then laid onthe
table for the present
Mr. SIMMONS, from the Committee on Printing, rcportf d
a resolution to print 10,000 copies extra, and the usuul quan-
tity of the report of the Commissioner of Patent*
Mr ASHLKY remarked that there v, os no public document
yet printed by order of Congress, which concerned the as-
ricultuial interests of the euuntij . This was tin- only doc-
ument which treated of that (interest. It was one of great
importance to the agriculturist; and he would therefore
move to amend the report ol the ( ornmittee on Printing, so
as to increase the quantity to 30,000 copies, m justice to the
mass ofthe community.
Mr. SIMMONS said the committee regarded the docu-
ment as one of great importance to the agricultural inter-
est, they had therefore increased the quantity lrom 5,000 to
10,000 copies, fie was satisfied that there was no docu-
ment printed which giv e<5 so geneial satisfaction to the ag-
ricultural portion of the countiy, this document fioin the
Patent Office. The committee therefore unanimously
agreedto print 10.000 copies A great number ol this doc-
ument was required to satisfy tin demand, lie should not
therefore object to the amendment.
Mr. PH*XpS remaiked that there was a great portion of
the report which did not require to be punted at ,-dl. The
commissioner recommends that, in printing the extra co-
pies that part showing a list of the patents expired and re.-
newed should be excluded. He therefore proposed so to
modify the amendment
Mr. SIMMONS said he supposed that the same course
would be observed in printing this report as had been here-
t0The' proposition was, on the suggestion oi Mr. TAPPAN,
so amended as to allow, ot the 20,000, SOO copies to the com-
missioner.
The proposition, ss thus amended, was agreedto.
Mr. BAYAjR D reported back from the Committee an Na-
val Affairs a bill for the relief of Nathaniel Phillips; which
was read twice.
The bill forthe relief ofthe legal representatives of James
Bell, deceased, was read a third time and passed.
Mr. MORJCIIEAD gave notice that on Monday he would
ask leave to introduce a resolution to amend the joint reso-
lution in relation to the collection of certain statistical infor-
mation.
POST OFFICE REFORM.
The general orders having been called, the unfinished
business of yestesday was resumed, being the further con-
sideration; aa in committee ofthe whole, ofthe bill to reduce
the rates of postage, to limit the use and correct the abuse
of the franking privilege, and forthe prevention offrauds on
the levenues ot the Post Office Department.
The CHAIR stated that the pending question was on the
motion of the senator from Alabama [Air. Rac.ky} to strike
out the 0th section—that of providing, in lieu of the present
frankmg privilege enjoyed bv members of Congress and
delegates from Territories, that five free covers lor matter
not exceeding two ounces be furnished to each daily during
each session of Congress.
Mr. MERRICK moved to perfect the section before the
question on sinking out v\as put, by inserting; after the
woi ds "each member of Congress ami delegate from a Ter-
ritory," the words "and the Clerk of the House of Repre-
sentatives and Secrctury ofthe Senate," The object was to
extend the free coveru to those officers.
The amendment was adopted.
The question then recurred on Mr. B,u;nvN motion to
strike out the section.
Mr JARNAtJIN felt somewhat embarrassed as to voting
on this motion, and therefore wished to bo informed by the
senator from Alabama whether it was his purpose, in case
the motion should prevail, to follow it up by any sub^ti-
tute to fill thechasmJ He made thisinquhy. because he
was perfectly satisfied that it was absurd to tulkjof low post-
nge^if the franking privilege was not to be got clear of al-
together. If it was intended to ofl'er a substitute to retain
the flanking prj\ ilege, as it now exists, ho would prefei the
modification aii the .section piov ides, and should therefore-
vote against the motion lint if the intention was to do
avvaj vvilh the franking privilege, it should have his sup-
port.
Mr. BAOBY did not wish to bo misunderstood. He had
stated yesterday that he was m favor of retaining, so far as
members of Congress wyre concerned, the franking privi-
le^t ( ,t now existed, pioperly guarded agfiiiist abuse; but
the senatorfrom Tennessee would obseive, on turning to
the Mh section of the lull, that the question which he was
anxious to test would come up directly upon the motion he
(Mr JUcitr) should submit, m ease the 5Kb section wan
'.ti uck out. It was his intention to move to amend the filth
section, by inserting an exception, (against the total icpeal
ot all laws hen tofore conferring the (ranking privilege,) m
lavor of members of Congress. On that question the sena-
tor lrom Tennessee would have an opportunity to vote m
accordance to hi.s wishes.
Mr MKRRICK explained that, from time to time, various
laws had been passed conferring the franking privilege; ami
that, to save trouble and the multiplication of words unne-
ceiKu] ily, the coinmitteo thought the shortest way was to
insert this section repealing the whole of these laws. So
much of the fianking privilege as it was proposed to retain
was reconfcrred in the subsequent sections of the bill.
The etlect of this amendment would simply be to exempt
from repeal the laws which confer the franking pri*ilege
on members of Congress—letting all other laws relating to
the franking privilege be repealed.
Mr. P1IKLPK was satisfied that, without any othermodi-
fication of the bill as it came from the committee than the
men striking out of the 9th section, the measure would
fail of giving satisfaction to the country The franking
privilege was one of benefit to the constituency ofmem-
bers of Congiess, and not of mere personal favor to the
inemhojs themselves He doubted exceedingly if any
member of Congress practically found it advantageous;
the gieat advantage oi the privilege enured to bis constit-
uents, and not to lnm.
It was his misfortune to difl'erwidely and radically from
the committee which reported this bill, m relation to its
probable effects. He felt a« nred th.it the reduction of
postage pioposed would not meet the public expectation. He
doubted exceedingly, if that reduction would bring into the
moil any increase of correspondence.
The reform proposed was not radical enough to effect
onvthmg The main source of the evils complained of was
It ft untouched. The expenditures ol the department should
be contiacted and economized. Paying $300 per mile on
routes upon which the service ought to be performed for
half that amount, or at least two-thirds of it, and on ordina-
ry mail stage routes, paying double the rates of contiacts
that were necessary, was the mam source of embarrass
ment to the department. The bill proposed no reform oi
Uwe mofleis
The public had been led to expect a great reform in re-
spect to the rates of postage. What did it amount to m
the provisions ot this bill'? On the great thoroughfare
from New \ oik to Albunj , the rate of postage lor single
letters at present is l"2£ cents. The bill proposes reducing
it to lOcents. Hid any gentleman think a reduction of 2A
cents would either satisfy public expectation as to that
route, or have the least possible efU-ct in suppressing pri-
vate or public expresses competing with the department'
In spite of all the penal enactments that could be devised,
so long as private expresses w ould cairy single letters for
  cents while the government charged 10. penal laws would
be disregarded, and the expresses would flourish and be
sustained by public sentiment, lie disapproved of the bill,
then, because it was not radical enough to effect any object
or importance. However he might regret the failure of the
measure, he felt assured that it would be a failure; and that,
if it go into effect with its proposed rates of postage, and the
abolition of the franking pri\ ilege of members of Congress,
the country will appeal to Congress for its revision, and for
the restoration of ibis franking privilege.
Mr. MER.RICK observed that, in deference to the Senate,
