CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
which he did not wish to weary with a repetition of his ar-
guments, he would refrain from reply, and submit the ques-
tion to the vote.
The question was then taken on- striking out the ninth
section, and decided in the affirmative—yeas 27, nays 17, as
follows:
YEAS—Messrs. Allen, Ashley, Atherton, Bagby, Barrow,
Benton, Berrien, Breese, Buchanan, Clayton, Dix, Dickin-
son, Fairfield, Foster, Haywood, Huntington, Jarnagin,
Lewis. Miller," Niles, Phelps, Porter, Sempie, Sturgeon,
Tappan, Upham, and Walker—27.
NAYS—Messrs. Atchison, Bates, Colquitt, Crittenden,
Dayton, Evans, Francis, Hannegan, Huger, Mangum, Mer-
rick, Morehead, Pearce, Simmons, White, Weodbridge, and
Woodbury—17.
Mr. BAGBY now moved to amend the fifth section (that
which repeals all laws conferring the franking pivilege) by
exempting from repeal the franking privilege now enjoyed
by members of Congress, delegates from Territories, the
presiding officers of both Houses of Congress, the clerk of
the House of Representatives, and the secretary of the
Senate.
Mr. MERRICK wished, while the senator wa-s preparing
his amendment in writing, to move an amendment in the 7th
section, which was to the effect of confining the franking
privilege leserved to the President, Vice President, Secie-
taries of the executive departments, Postmaster General, and
Attorney General, to ''letters and packages m relation to
their official duties," and .to strike out "ex-Presidents, ex-
Vice Presidents, and widows of Presidents of the United
States," but withheld it, Mr. Baoby declining to suspend his
motion.
The exact effect of Mr. Baoby's motion to amend the Mil
section, was then explained by both Mr. Mj.rkick aud Mr.
Ba.gby, to be, that all the laws c.onfemng the franking priv-
lege would be repealed except those m i elation to the privi-
lege to members of Congiess, Delegates fiom Territories,
andfthe clerk of the House of Representatives and secretary
of the Senate.
Mr. WHITE had been waiting lor some time in expecta-
tion that some reason would be advanced whv the franking
privilege as it now exists should be retained by member* of
CongTess, and taken away from a most deserving and re-
spectable class of official persons to w liom it was ol great
public importance it should be continued He alluded to
the deputy postmasters.
Mr. FOSTER, said the hill did not do thai
Mr. WHITE. By the bill, the deputyJposfcmasters will be
obliged to endoxse on their letters "post-office busines^f
and that will restrict them froni all the privilege they now
enjoy, which in many instances is the onlj or chief remu-
neration they receive for the performance of their duties
Besides, they might have to answerletters of inquiry touch-
ing many public matters of information in their neighbor-
hood, and cannot afford to do it at theii own expense
Mr. FOSTER. Well, make a motion to amend to that ef-
fect.
Mr. WHITE. A question not easily answered might
arise as to what was "official business." Sonic would con-
strue it one way, some another; and it would in the end
tempt evasions, and evil consequences, which might better
be avoided by continuing the pmilege to the deputy post-
masters.
Mr. W. argued at great length, and with great anxiety, m
favor of retaining the franlung privilege to deput) post-
masters
Mr. MERRICK assured the senator that the pending ques-
tion related to one subject, and his argument toanothei.
The question at issue related to the continuance of tlie
irankmg puvilege to members of «,on«jres;s Wh< u the
section of the bill relating to deputy postmasters came up
the senatoi could ivy anv amendment ho thought proper
Mi BAOBY pointed out the tncongvtiif) ot mixing up .v
question about deputy postmasters with a subject distinct
in its proposition.
The subject was fmther debated at groat length, particu-
larly in relation to the propriety ot abolishing the franking
privilege altogether for the sake of giving cheap postage m
the most advantageous terms to the public, by Messrs.
y, ui,cirAN\f1 Mvy and Win < i-: Messrs. Bin n\-
and M^nrueu being in favor of doing away with the
ftankjng privilege altogether, Mr Ovcihv in favor of retim-
ing it to members of Congress for the beneiil of their con-
stituent*; and Mr White in lavor ol continuing it to depu-
ty postmasters as well as to members ol Congress.
Pending the arguments for au-i against these proposi-
tions, the further consideration of the bill was postponed,
and
The Senate adjourned.
HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES.
Twrmay, January 00, IS 15.
The journal having been read,
Mr ROBERT SMITH gave notice that he would on to-
moriow, or .so.ne day soon thei''alfer, ask leave to introduce
a bill providing that the Seen tary of State shall cause all
laws and resolutions of a public nature passed by Congress,
to be published in a numboi ol public newspapers, uot ex-
ceeding one m the i)i-tnct ot Columbia, and m not mote
than three m each oi the several States and Tei ntoiie.- ot the
United States, and in like manner ail public ti en ties l at! tied
by the United States
The notice ) equniug the uiwmmous c onset it of the House,
Mr HOPKINS objected, and said that such a Uh was al-
ready in torce.
Mr. ROBERT SMITH said that that law u as repealed in
1845, and asked for the reading of the act repealing it.
Objections being still made,
Mr. ROBERT SMITH moved a suspension of the rules,
which motion w as negatived.
AGRICULTURAL STATISTICS.
Mr. HENLEY asked leave to report the following reso-
lution from the Committee on Patents:
Resolved, That twenty-five thousand c^piep of the report
of the Commissioner ol Patents, without the list of patents
gianted or expired, and three thousand extra copies of the
whole report, be printed.
Objections being made,
Mr. HENLEY moved to suspend the rules.
Mr. WELLER desired to know if this was not the same
report that was referred to the Committee on Patents last
night
Mr. HENLEY replied in the affirmative, and said that the
resolution he now offered to print it came from that Com
mittee.
Some further conversation followed; when
The question was put on suspending the rules, and result-
ed in ayes 75, noes 14.
No quorum voting, tellers were ordered, and'the vote be-
ing again taken, the question was decided in the affirmative:
ayes 93, noes 19.
Mr. WELLER moved to amend the resolution by striking
out 2o,000, and inserting 15,000. Mr W. said th&t 15,000
copies would be amply sufficient to supply the demand' for
this document, it was a very voluminous one, and would
require some time to set it up. The number printed last ses-
sion of the same document was only 15,000.
Mr. HENLEY hoped the amendment proposed by the
gentleman from Ohio would not prevail. Of the vast amount
of printing done by Congress, this was about the only docu-
ment in which the agriculturists and mechanics felt really
interested He would give a synopsis or sort of index of
the contents of the report. Besides the usual account of
the operations of the Patent Office, the list of patents issued
and expired, receipts and expenditures, &c., it contains sev-
eral interesting papers relating to the electro magnetic tele-
graph, and the newly invented electro-magnetic machine
of Dr. Page; a description of unburnt brick; mode of ditch-
ing, wooden railroads; reports of the examiners of patents
on the progress of the arts and sciences; a notice of the de-
cisions respecting the extension of patents; the claims issued
during the past > ear, the agricultural report, which, besides
the usual statistics of the crops, &c., contains an able com-
munication on the Hessian fly, and an account of other in-
sects that affect the wheat crop; an account of the varie-
ties of wheat and modes of husbandry, &c., numeious valu«
able papers on corn, hemp, flax. &c., an anal} sis of the
different grain5!, showing their adaptation to different pur-
poses; a review and condensed statement of the potato dis-
ease, with preventives which have been thought to be
most successful, on the culture of tobacco; means to obvi-
ate the over-production of cotton, and modes to increase its
consumption; analysis of i ice; remarks on the production of
silk, mode of producing white sugar fiom maple; additional
notices of the manufacture ofcornstalk sugar, and methods of
obviating the principal difficulties hitheito attending that
manufactuie; a new mode ol producing sugar from pota-
toes, as practiced nt England, account <~>f madder, cultiva*
tion, &c., also of other new products; extracts fiom Von
Thair's celebrated Piinciples of Agriculture; on the feeding
of stock, and the manufacture ol the carcasses of cattle
and sheep into tallow, manures; markets, home and for-
eign, Sec
This (said Mr. JI) was the character of the repoit. Us
contents: die upon {.ubjects mainly connected with the in-
terests ol the laboring classes of the country ; and it is re-
markable that the gentleman fiom Ohio (Mr. Wki.i.i n]
should intci pose an objection to the printing of tins particu-
lar papei, whilst tie has lem.nned perfectly silent while we
have been ordering the printing ot immense piles ol docu-
ments that aie nevei lend by any body, and never ought to
be Mr. 11, said thus report on account of its poculiai char-
acter, was more eagerly sought after by the people than
any and all other matter printed by Congress. He was
himself in favor of a much laiger number, and had agreed
to the resolution as repmted, becausc he feared a greater
number would be lo.-t He hoped the amendment would
not be adopted, and thai twonty-tive thousand would be the
number ivyieo.l to, He desned a l.irgo number lor distribu-
tion among hn constituents He hau already received vari-
ous oideis lor thein horn diflui nt parts id' his district, and
he- wa.s iisj«uied by many jiouud hnn that the demand was
very general. He was seldom in fa\or of the pjoposilions
made for printing, <ind in this case his vote lor the laigest
number proposed was m violation of a general uile.
Mr. J. W 11 \V IS mov ed the previous question, undi-r the
operation of w inch the amendment was rejected, and the
resolution was sigreed to.
Mr. IIENLEV then moved to reconsider the vote by
which the resolution w is adopted; and, in taking the ques-
tion, the i econsideiatsou w us rejected.
Mr. IIAH 1>Ii\ moved to suspend the rules, for the House
to lesolv.' itself into a Commit tec ot the Whole on the bill
to reduce the i;Uos ol postage.
The Sf'K IKER said the question would be put on sus-
pending the rules. The gentleman was av\ aie he could not
now designate any particular bill l'oi the committee to act
on.
The question was put on Mr. H.widiVs motion; and, it be-
ins? earned,
The llou-e resolved itself into Committee of 1 lie Whole on
the state ofthe Union—Mr VVkll? p of Ohio in the chair.
The CH VU .stated that the bus.ness be tore the committee
was the lull providing for extending the jurisdiction of the
United States over the Temtory of Oregon
Mi B VUDLN asked the gentleman to v lehl him the floor,
to enable him to mo\< to lav the bill atadc, and take up the
bill to veduc the rates of postage.
Mi. THOMPSON declined assenting to the gentleman s
rtquest, and ob.^eived that he would pitlei (mulling the
subject the committee was then on
Mt.T said that, eO'i-udering tiie inif-oitoncc of the sub-
ject, and the momentous consequences with which it wa*
iratight to the gov'jrnment of the United Slates, he would
hav e been better pleaded if those who intended to oppose
this bill had fust obtained the floor, and explained the
gnuinds of their opposition It had been claimed by some
that this Oiegon question was a northern one, and that it
had fallen into the peculiar guaidianship of noithern men
He denied it The Noith was no more interested in it than
the South. The only question was, is this temtory ours'
and can we take possession ot" it consistently v\ ith our trev
ty oniigntions ' li it was a part or our country, it was as
ntu< h a southern question as it was a noithern question
There had been rather an untair insinuation from a certain
quartei ofthe House that we should hear nothing from the
executee on the subject of Oregon until the Texas bill
passed the Senate. Now, he considered the Texas and Ore
gon questions as kindred measures; and he felt sure that no
representative here would take the responsibility to make
his vote on this measure dependent on the fate of the Texas
question.
But was it our duty to extend our jurisdiction over the
Oregon territory? He "believed that public sentiment had
settled this question. He believed that the public mind was
as firmly fixed on the occupation of Oregon as it was on the
annexation of Texas. He believed that, at the last canvass,
the subjects of Texas and Oregon occupied as large a space
in the public mind as any other subjects that were brought
in issue. He believed that, by the election of Polk and Dal-
las, these questions were clearly and decisively settled by
tlie American people. But we are not called on now (said
Mr. T.) to decide upon our title to this country. If we were
called on to decide our right to the exclusive sovereignty of
Oregon, the question would be a different one. He aid not
intend now to say anything on that subject,. But we are
only called on to say how far we can go and not commit a
breach of our existing treaty stipulations, which we could
not do; for we all knew that a treaty is the supreme law of
the land, and that any law of Congress infringing it would
be a nullity. The question therefore was to determine how
far we can extend our jurisdiction. Can we erect a territo-
rial government? Ca  we have magistrates and courts there
to protect our citizens''
After reading a clause of the treaty of 1813, he asked what
was our title before the execution of that treaty. In 1819
we became possessed ofthe Spanish title, but our prior title
was based on the grants of 1803, and on discovery of our
own navigators. He then went into a description of the un-
settled state of the valley of the Mississippi, and the length
of the journey to Oregon, as a reason for our neglect to ex-
ercise ownership. He also recapitulated the provisions of
treaties to which the subjects of Great Britain were allowed
to form settlements for the purposes of trade.
Some conversation ensued between Mr. THOMPSON and
Mr. ADAMS, respecting our title to the territory beyond
49 degrees of north latitude. He then proceeded to quote
British statesmen to show that the right and title was admit-
ted to be in this country; and then asked what was. our pre-
sent condition. We claim exclusive sovereignty, by virtue
of the treaty of 1819, by which we obtained the Spanish
title to the territory from 49 degress of north latitude to 54
degrees 40 minutes. Could we, then, send magistrates there,
and erect forts' Could we exercise that jurisdiction which
all governments exercise over their own peculiar territory ?
He insisted that we could, and without giving the stipulated
notice to GreatBritain to terminate the joint occupancy.
England had given this construction to the agreement be-
tween us, and she had extended the jurisdiction ol Lower
Canada overall her subjects in that territory.
She sent her magistrates,^erected her forts, and exercised
all the powers and privileges of a sovereign government over
that territory. She extended her laws theie.and subjected our
citizens to those laws, and m return she offered our citizens
only the privilege of trading there. An objection to this
bill was, that by erecting our territory there we extended
our laws over British subjects. But they did the same
thing on their part, and now, when difficulties arose between
British subjects and our subjects in that territory, our sub-
jects were liable to be sent over by them to Lower Canada
fortrial. This she justified by lier interpretation of the
treaty of 1818. Had we not the same rights'
But the great objection in this case, as he understood,
was not that we extended our jurisdiction over that terri-
tory, but that we provided for grants of land hereafter; and
that this included exclusive sovereignty. He read from a
law of Parliament showing that they had extended in behalf
of their subjects, the common law lights of land over that
territory, and this she claimed under our treaty with her.
But our rights under the treaty of 1818 followed up and
strengthened by the treaty oflb27 (both which he examine
ed) were not equal to those of Great Britain, but superior,
because our title was bettei; they had never claimed sove-
leigntj there but only equal privileges in trade. But this
bill did not propose to make special grants; but such was its
modesty that it extended none of our ordinary grants of
knd (uer this country; it merely promised these grants
heteufter when it should beinoui power to give them. To
do lhi<?, he argued it was not necessary to give them the no-
tice provided foi the termination of thejoint occupation.
This House was not prepared to do that at this time; but
tins bill could be passed without taking that step. We
acted, in the passage of this bill, under the treaty; we did
not, thereby, violate—-we did not annihilate—that treaty.
Heretofore there had been some excuse for delay to take
this step, because our citizens were but temporarily there,
engaged in trade; but now our emigrants weie gathering
from every portion of this Union, and were pushing fox-
ward and locating on the fertile soil of that beautiful valley
of Oregon, and they now demanded the exercise of our
rights, under treaty,"in their protection They asked for
our laws aud magistrates to suppress vice and encourage
virtue, and this, he aigued, could not militate against the
interests of Great Britain, nor could she reasonably object
to it
ft was insisted that there would he conflicting jurisdiction.
But were wo to allow our citizens to remain unprotected,
at (he mercy of English magistrates, because, forsooth,
Enc,lend had first pxerci«ed tlVir rights' No: the public
voice of the country, justice itself, pronounced a negative
to this We hod but to extend our laws to give protection
to ourcitizens there; and if a conflict for jurisdiction was
to come, he said let it come. But no such result would
rightfully follow, and he would not so fur impeach the mo-
tives and character of England as to suppose that they would
ensue. All American statesmen admitted that this country
belonged to us. if, then, this bill did not infringe upon the
rights of En®livsh subjects, it was unworthy of our govern-
ment, a stigma oti our fan name, to fail to pa«s it. and to
extend to our citizens thatp;otection which they had a u<-ht
to demand. °
Mr. T "s hour having expired,
Mr McCLERNAND obtained the floor, and commenced
with some pielimmaiv remarks, *n which he referred to the
magnitude of the question, and said that the people of the
country demanded serious, decided, final action upon this
question. If was regarded as a national and al&o as a sec-
