CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
qnestiow of boMd.,^<JfesUon' because it involved
Sitteens of theUnt aad' Paction to the
JK .C Mted ®ta-te«> as a sectional question it was
considered by the people of the valley of tfie Mississinnf 
leal r 0t \°rer safe^ of territory limtts of Sve
J7n?<w> P' l'°H' ^°d Power' as an integral portion oi this
Union; and in both these points of view, immediate con
stotaUres dem3ad0d by the People of their'repre-
m0"-14 COme out of this measure, let it come: their
^ t?re',rmiUionsfor defence, noth-
:or.tatate. If war should arise out of this sulnect
fcV?ans0! 11 would be because of the criminal de-
e?t.?n,Pressins <™r.iust claims to this
onTtS'i, 11 i1 ls.nShtfa"y ours. France and England at
LS. f !, f dominion over difterent parts of this conii-
neat,and for along time difficulties existed between them
m tiontcVthei* respective boundaries Neither party
would concede to the other, and the result was a long and
bloody \var. Isow, the same thing was likely to occur to
u&, for, if war should grow out of this measure, it would be
because we have been criminally negligent, in failing; to in-
sist on our undoubted rights. The obligations between a
government and its citizens were, protection on the one
Bide, and obedience and service on the other. How could
these reciprocal obligations be carried out—how could the
Jives, liberties, and property of the citizens be protected—-
while the government tailed to fix its boundaries ? The cit-
izen, if he treads on doubtful territory, exposes himself to
imprisonment, and even to the loss of life: and such, in-
deed, had been the fate of hundreds of our citizens who
have emigrated to the Oregon Territory to build up a vast
empire, like their "brethren who have gone to the western
country.
There the citizens of the United States have been held
amenable to the civil and criminal jurisdiction of the au-
thorities of Great Britain. T-heir persons have been seized
upon for debt, and they have been transmitted from Oregon
to Canada to be immured in Canadian dungeons. All this
has resulted from the criminal neglect of this government
to exercise its high functions, and thereby extend protec-
tion to its citizens. But it was objected that they had not
legal competence to pass this bill: first, because it would
conflict with the treaty stipulations between our govern-
ment and that of Great Britain; and, secondly, because we
have not a sufficient title to all the territory. He should, in
the first place, proceed to examine these objections. The
objects of the conventions of ISIS and 1827 were not to set-
tle the rights ot sovereignty or of empire of either country
to this territory. These conventions related altogether to
trade, navigation^ and fisheries. Let this be borne m mind.
By the convention of IS18, the country of Oregon was
made open for the purposes of trade and commerce, both to
the citizens of the United Stitcs and of Great Bntaui; but
the question of sovereignty was not touched, nor was it
designed to be touched." In fact, there whs, an express dec-
laration in the convention that it was not to be touched.
Then, whether we have aright to extend our jurisdiction
over Oregon, depends upon the question of sovereignty;
and how did that question stand'' It was a fact that, before
the convention of 1327, we were m possession of this Ter-
ritory.
In 1810 the "Missouri Fur company established various
trading posts in the country, and in 1605 and J.S06 JVIe«5is.
Lewis and Clark took formal possession of it in the name of
the United States, In ltfll Astoria was established under
the auspices ol a trading company of New York, at the head
of which was John Jacob Attor, of that city. There cul-
tivation was in progress: trade was carried on with the na-
tives, and tiie furs received from them were transported to
China. We had therefore possession of the country prior
to 1818, when, by the convention ol that ) ear, we granted
to Great Britain only the privileges of trade and commeice.
If, then, we had possession of tho'countiy. and there was no
restriction on our sovereignty by this convention, we may
safely pa?s this bill without infringing the stipulations of
that convention. We had the strongest evidence that our
possession was rightful; because, by the treoty of Ghent of
13W, it was provided that all places taken by cither govern-
ment from the other during the war should be delivered up.
Astoria, under this provision, was restored, which would
not have been done had Great Britain considered herself as
having any right to the country. The very fact of the les-
toration of Astoria, under the "provisions of the treaty of
Ghent, was an implied recognition of our right on the part
Qf Great Britain, and a renunciation of any right of hers.
If then, we had possession of the country, and we had an
implied recognition by Great Britain of our right, surely we
might now safely enlorce that right by the passage of the
bill on the table. If any gentl&nan would refer to the cor-
respondence which took place between Col. Preiost, who
was appointed by our government to jeceive that post from
the British, and the agents of the British government who
were to deliver it, lie would there find the contemporaneous
understanding of the treaty was. that the sovereignty of
this country was ni the United States; and that, when it was
restored to the United States, Great Britain was to have no
other privileges in it but those of trade and commerce.
As tne.i. there was no limitation and reduction on our
soverematv by the conventions of 1318 and 1927 why
should thev not pass this bill when the public interest re-
quired it, and the popular voice demanded if Assuming
that there nothing m the conventions of ]B18 and 1827
to prevent the House from passing this bill; he would next
inquire if fhoro was anv «J- feet in our title which ought also
to oppose it He admitted that if there was any doul-ts as to
our utle. *hr bill snould not be parsed; but he proposed to
examine thi.< question, and if he could get the attention of
the committer, he thought ho could satisfy them that our
title to >he n hole length and breadth of Oreaon w as cka*-
md Mr. McC then entered into a ei itical and
hifctomal examination of the title of the United States by
discovery, hy tieatic; with Yrmcp an 1 °pa?n, *nrt by occu-
pancy, showing it to be a perfect .md vohi. t.ue-, and one
winch OTfil Eijioin had not the sn.iow of a pretence to <us-
>'t: recapitulated the treaty stipulations ly nhir-h we de-
lived our title, and noticed the discoveries by our own na\-
i^atois, reading extract-* from tlieir narratives- in il.ti^rauon
of his position, showing that the claims of English naviga-
tors were groundless, our navigators having made prior
discoveries. He said it appeard to him, and he thondit it
would appear t0 t)10 candid worid> that Great ]Jritain ^ n0
valid title to that territory. That domain was vested alone
and exclusively in the United States by the treaty of 1819
and the discoveries of our oivn navigators: and it was then
no longer a question of title, hut one of boundary onlv
Could, then, the treaty-making power surrecderany portion
of that territory to which our title was indisputable'' He
denied that it could; but if it should, then tile inhabitants of
that territory would be restored to their primitive risrhts, and
they would be authorized to resort to their own strong arms
to maintain those rights which their government would
have abandoned. He would, however, warn gentlemen that
a surrender of any portion of the Oregon would not receive
the sanction of the people of the "West, or of the areat val-
ley 01 the Mississippi; and he went on to show that the propo-
sition of Mr. Clay, m J826, to surrender part of this teirito-
ry, had contributed much to his defeat at the Kit* election.
He then spoke of the extent of that territory—beinff equal to
12 decrees, running: north and south, and 300 miles lrom the
raciiic ocean to the Rocky mountains, embracing MOMm
square miles. He said it was twice aslar^eas England, Ire-
land, Scotland, and Wales together, whose wealth and
power had qiren that "sea-girt isle'1 the power bv which na-
tions weie subjugated to her will. He next spoke of the
quality and fertility of the soil of the Oregon, and the atru*
cultural advantages which it aftbided. Manv of our citizens
had explored that countiy, and from them we had the most
favorable reports of the productiveness of &oils. It was
a country, too, which was valuable lor its minerals: it was
watered, too, by valuable streams The Columbia river was
navigable to a great extent; and even beyond that, it afiord-
ed a useful power for the working; of machinery At the
mouth of the Columbia, too, a city must spring up which
would be one of our great commercial emporiums, by which
we should be enabled to cairv on an extensive trade with
China. He was proceeding to speak of the power of Great
Britain, and the exercise o?it in the affairs of nations, when
the chairman of the committee announced the termination
of the honorable gentleman's hour.
Mr OWEN said he had risen for the purpose ofmakinga
very few remarks on this question, and those wcieoi a busi-
ness character. lie however should not have said a word
now, but for some opinions which had been expi essed by
the chairman of the Committee on Tcnitoiies, {."Mr. A V.
Brown,] the gentlemen fiom Alabama. [\li. Dvum u,] and the
gentlemen w bo hod spok* n to-d<\v, to the erteel that wo had
a poiiuct right, and indeed thnt there weie no sci uples ni
regard to the pasui^e of this bill, without, at the same time,
passing a joint resolution to deteiimne the joint oecupaney
ol this terntorj It would he recollecied'that, ot the last
session, he intioduce.h such o joint resolution, whichwns
now on the cah-rulai of the ( omimttee of the Whole on the
state ot the Union Now, he would not iay that they had
no iio;ht to pass this bill, orthnt we tianscended any law by
its passage as it stood with it.s land ehm^e - foi that appear-
ed to be the mosumpoitjnt point-but it <hd uppeni (o him
that they were pjoing bev ond the fpitit ofthe com eidion by
which we were hound: and in polities, ns in morals, ifim act
were doubtful, it would be wr-er to abstain fi om its eMr-
cise.
Mr. liRLSER explained. lie said lie had expressly ad-
mitted, in his aigument yesteiday, that the donation ]irtiici-
pic contained in this bill was the goin£ ol one btep tuither
than Oieat Britain had gone
Mr OVVKN resumed, and said that the gentlempri fiom
Mississippi had argued that they had the right to pas.s
this bill without giving the notice to Grod Untam to tej-
minate the joint occupancy. Ho then read from the artHcs
agreed upon by the convention, which weie ie:<flnmed in
1827, to show the terms on which the Joint occupancy wiw
based, lie also called thf oitention of th<- committee to the
proceedings of the negociation as a coinmentory on the
treaty, and read oxtiacts fiom it as ifv\;>s published iu
document 199, 1 s,t spsmou of the 'iOth Conejru"s
Now, he contend/ d that v\c had no liszlit to syrant lnndv,
and we had no mht. on the same ptincijiie, to promise hmds
unless we had exclusive soveieignty, thsd we were tranv.
cendmg the fcpnit, if not th( lettei, of what was ricibt and
ju^-t in so doirn?. The gentleman said (heat P.ntain had done
tliis It seemed to him (\'a O ) that the act ot Pailmment
to whichthe gentleman had rtft-rred di<i show this Inct,
but if they had done it, it was our duty to protest against it.
It was not political^ —it was not moiallj nihu it was like
one promising to "convey a puce of land in five ye^is
to which ho did not know he should tvr obtain title lie
believed, before we piomised, even prospeetiv tdy, that \u;
ought to give notice to (ireat Britain ioi the teumnatmn ot
the joint occupancy He wa* not for «.neaking into that 'J'er-
utory, he went for going mto it in ,1 plain, straighttorwnrd
manner. He was lejoiced to hear from the o|'posi(e side of
tiie House, the gentleman fiom | Mr Aivajs]
exj)iess his willingness to go foiwaidand tcne that notice.
ITe^^as not disjio'-ed to operate 9gamst tins bill, but he
gave notice, as soon as it passed, that lie should move to
take up this joint icsolution lor the notice for the tcimina-
t:on of tins joint occupaie v.
Mi A V. BROW>i (eha'irman of the Committee on Tcr-
ritoiies) wished to moke an uinimy with refejence to the
point that we were granting and parceling out the tern-
torj- wldch we knew was not ouis His jiosition was,
that we were promising grfnts which we befuved we
should be able hereafter to comply with V/e b'dieved m
our title, and we w ere willing to give ]>romises to our set-
tlers under that belief. Would not a proviso under the sec-
tion be satisfactory to the gentleman that tbos-'e promi«es of
giants should be subject to the decision ofmiy controversy
now p-" u ^i*ig betw een the tv. o counti le^'
Mr OV/lN' r-'sureed Hewf? ah&il, if thst would bo
satisfa^torv to tin* gentleman, it would not be at oil to the
settler*, lie should be sorry to take land on such condi*
ttons. Our title to thit v.hole country wat pei f< et, sivir.^
the r( vtrction" we'oui elv s bad jiicced upon it by thic con-
vention ami vs e ought to got i:o of it Cir< ot Diilairi had
nev et claimed exclu-.lve jurisdiction, she had disclaimed anv
right in the soil there
Mr THOMPSON. Does she r.oy Oregon belongs to us1
Mr OW'-N. No - she does not;'but sne doe, not sav it he-
longs to her. The burden of the proof wps with the gentle- ,
manto show that Great Britain had ever exercised thft rieht
to grant any lands in Oregon. If she had done *<5, we outfit
to protest solemnly against it, ana declare it a cause of war,
and not simply to say, as she had done wrong, we would
do so too. Our title was undisputed; and he would not
therefore, enter into that argument. He merely meant to'
say this m regard to the matter of there being any danger of
tins leading to war. Why not pass the resolution at one?
and have done with it? if there was danger, of its leading
to war, there -was quite as Inuch danger in passing
this bill, by which we promise, and in fire veaiS
w e must exercise the right, of giving absolute
indefeasible title to our own citizens. Aa far as the chance
of quarrel went, he believed difficulties far more likely to
arise it we proceeded to pass such a law with the possibili-
ty of Great Britain retaliating in passing such a la-^j he
did not know that she would do it. If she did, what was the
consequence7 That two governments would come into
conflict under the most unfavorable circumstances, where
the riile would be used at a distance from the seats of their
respective governments; and if the rifle was used, see if we
could make Up the quauel without muking a general war)
lie repeated, he wps lor going in this matter straightforward
anil openly to work. He thought it time that the joint occu-
pation should cease; if gentlemen said it would place diffi-
culties in the way ofthe negotiation, he differed from them;
he believed it would lather facilitate it.
Mr. A V BROWN (Mr O. yielding for explanation) said
the reason wh> the Committee on Territories had confined
themselves exclusively to the originating a territorial gov*
eminent was, that they did not conceive it a proper ques-
tion, nor did ho think it a proper question now m this
House to say anything at all v\ hethei this notice should be
given to (.Jieut Britain under the treaty or not. We believed
it impouant to extend our laws over Oregon; that pioposi-
tionstood by itsdl, the other was a disputed proposition,
the negotiation of which was going on at the time this re-
port was made—at the last session— and it belonged to the
executive. It would he an accumulation of difficulties in
doing tins, which everybody believed proper to do if the
question of notice was brought into this discussion. Ihat
was the reason why ho had great objection to anything
being said or done with reference to this notice on tins bill.
It belonged to another branch of this government; it was
involved ^difficulties peculiar to itself, and of which this
hill did not partake.
Mr OWF.N resumed. In reference to the giving this no-
tice being a matter w hieh conccrnoJ the executive aloue, he
behevi'd it would be a greater responsibility, considering
the difference of feeling heie, than any executive would be
willing to take. He know they bad not the right to instruct
bun, he might decline to coioplj-with it; but m regard to
this matter, which the gentleman said might lead to war, it
was so important that the wai-making power "Ught to accord
evidence to the executive, that they \v"re willing to sustain
him. He did not saj thai the President had not the power
to Rive this notice, Imt upon them ought to fall the respon-
sibility.
In legard to embarrassing the bill, that was far from his
intention He would oiiei no amendment to it. But
as soon as the bill passed he desired to say he should call
up the joint jesolution requesting the I'residant to give no-
tice to the Ih-itish goveinmentiior the termination of this
joint occup.mcv ; believing that when we passed this bill,
we did that which motallv bound us to pass this joint
resolution M^o. This was all he desired to say.
Mr J. R. IN'( JKRSOLL addressed an inquiry to the chair-
man of the Committee on Territories, [Mi. A. V. Brown,J
the pmpoit of which could not be gotheied by the 'reporter.
Mr BUOWN. in reply, said he had spoken on the point
whether the contemplated grant of lands in futaro, under
this bill, would he a violation of any existing treaty stipula-
tions between the two countries. He had expressed the
opinion that it would not be; but if there were doubts on
the subject, he would be willing that a provision should ha
inserted that the future grants of land promised by this bill
should be subject to any decision of pending questions be-
tween the two countiio.
Mr lNGKRSOIX said the gentleman had not understood
his imiuiry. He did not object no much to the extensive
giants ot land proposed, as to our establishing our form of
government before the very face of the agreement that re-
mained thnt the country should be h ft free and open to the
people of both govermnents—a form of government which
was exclusive, and cntuely inconsistent with the establish-
ment of a British government there. It was utterly impossi-
ble, unless lhc> df strojed the whole bill prepared with so
much care by the Committee on Territories, to introduce a
clause that nothing in it should conflict with the integrity
of treaties between this government ond the British govern
inent, inasmuch as H directly violated and disregarded
them altogether And he thought the gentleman from In-
diana (Mr. Ow i.s J had been the first member on this floor to
defend the honoi and integrity of this countiy. He doubted
not our title to that country, but he argued the paramount
importance, above eveiy other consideration, of preserving
inviolate our national faith, and untarnished our national
honor, w hich w ere inconsistent with the coiuse of proceed-
ing proposed by this bill.
Mr. I contended that the passage of this bill would bp a
violation of our treaty stipulations with Great Britain, w hich
provide d that the citi/.ens of both nations should have the
p:ml"tje of occupying the countrj ; and that if we bad a
right to mtioduce om governor and magistrates and our
laws in it, Gieot Britain would have the same right, and
then the anomaly would be presented of a monarchical
government and a govmn.eut with republican institutions
hi Hie «anic country. He t \ pressed his d< tbS whether any
\ loiatnms ot the nghts of oni citr/,ens hid been committed
iat'dy in the Oregon Temtorv lb' had he,<rd of minder?
(iiid ontrnge* that h?'d been c ommitted ^ ioi.g time ago, hut
In l-e'it v cd there h.'d been none fox the last fifu on 5 ears
I [e deprecated thenar spirit which had been excited on
this subject, <md lor v. Inch he thought theie was no possi-
bk: c\r 115e,
A T'les^age was here received from the President ol the
tjn>ted Kates, bv Mr John Turn, his secretdiy, when
Mr IISGKBSOLL said that ns it was possible that thiff
message might relate to the subject ori which they were
