CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
debating, he would move that the committee ris'e, so as to
it be ie<td.
wherf COmmittee accordi gIjr rose, and reported progress;
The SPEAKER communicated to the House the message
ju*t receded, which was one transmitting certain resolutions
ot the legislature of Illinois, just received by the Piesident
front the governor of that State.
On motion ol Mr. A. V. BROWN,
Houfe again resolved ltsell into a Committee of the
Whole on the state of the Union; and
mai'ks^ ^ l^^ERSOLL resumed,, and concluded his re-
Mr H HAMLIN observed that in the few remarks he
Proposed to make on the question before the committee, he
should not trespass on their patience or attention in recapi-
tulating the authorities on which it was proposed to exer-
cise jurisdiction over the Oregon Territory, or examining
our title by treaty, discovery, or settlement He had heard
no gentleman question the authority by which we held the
country, and he had heard no gentleman express a doubt of
the right by which we held it to a certain point. lie would
however, suggest to the gentleman who introduced the bill'
a certain modification which he thought -would remove
every doubt and difficulty fiom the minds of all the mem-
bers present. That was, to amend the bill, so as to leave
the boundaries indefinite, and then the passing ol the bill
w ould be doing no more than what had been bv Great
Britain already.
In ancient times, the cry, "I am a Roman citizen," was
enough to protect the citizen who made it, throughout
widely extended Roman empire; and he wanted the
name ot an American citizen to protect the owner of it
throughout this continent. Let us extend the regis of our
institutions over that vast country by passing this bill, and
it will give to the thousands of our citizens w ho are settled
there, the protection to which they are justly entitled,
i he gentleman from Pennsylvania [Mr J. R I.vgi usoj.i ]
spoke of the war spirit which he «aid was growing up
amongst us. He begged leave to dilter with the gentleman
Jt was not a war spirit, but a spirit ol firmness which be
saw rising throughout the country. His motto was, neithei
lashness nor di/Jidence; and he, therefore, would suppoit
the principles of this bill, as it was intended to secure oui
rights without infringing those of Great Britain.
-1 he whole history of the British government for
cent.uics pu^t had been one of usuip.-.uon and ag-
gression The policy of that government "was to
plant her foot on some country, and then brmt
to berti her diplomatic skill, which made the negotia-
tions always result in her favor. As an ir.«t«nce of this
policy, and the success which followed from it, Mr II
alluded to the Briti-h usurpation of a valuable portion of
the termoiy of Maine, the State he represented, and the
negotiations by which that State w as curtailed of part of
her ldir pioprotions?. And here he begged leave to correct
a nrnaprehension which existed in the minds of nianv
members ol that House. It had V een stated, and generally
believed, that the authorities of Maine assented to]the treaty
by w hich a part of her territory, and a portion of her cit-
izens, w eie transferred to Great Britain. This was not so.
He said neither Elaine nor Massachusetts, nor both to-
gether, assented or agreed that Maine should be divided as
she was by the treaty of 1S41, which was known as the
treaty of Washington.
?\Tr WIXTHftOP was understood to inquire if Maine had
not accepted the compensation which was agreed to be
paid to her.
Mr. HAMLIN said he believed there was no difference
between Maine and Massachusetts on that subject; but his
colleagues w ould bear him out in the assertion, that the le-
gislature of Maine refused, absolutely lefused to assent to
tho ceding of one solitary inch of soil, unless there were
contiguous teintory given in exchange foi it. It was true
that the} appointed commissioners, but to what did they
assent} That the tieaty-making power—the Senate, in
who^e hands and keeping were the the honor and integritv
of Maine—should pass on it. She yielded to the treaty-ma*-
king power the guardianship of their honor, and the privi-
lege to say how lar Maine was bound to yield. And the
treaty w as ratified against the well known wishes of the
representatives of Maine on this floor, and the only demo-
cratic senator from Maine m the other body So far,'then, as
Maine was conccrned, phe never gave her assent to any con-
cession further than the placing of her lights and honor in
the keeping of the Senate. True, after the treaty received
the sanction of the Senate, she received "back some of the
money w Inch she had expended m protecting that territo-
ry, but theie w as also a laige part which they had ex-
pended that never had been returned. He alluded to this
lor the puipose of showing the necessity of piompt and
en( reetio notion in relntionto the Oregon; and he repeated
that thy histo; v of tho British government had been on ~-ot
usurpation all over the w orld In relation to the boundary
olM.uue, they had one maiked by the linger of God, and
which the British government had admitted to be ours, but
t;ie slow process of negotiation year after year, and by
administration after adn.iriifctrotion, had resulted as he had
shown. And like caus-'s pioduee like eftec's But again,
he did not understand the gentleman from Indiana as mean-
ing to incorporate m this l ill a provision to suspend tbe
'omt occupancy, and to annul the article of the tieatyby
w Inch it had been agreed to
Mr. OWLX explained. He had not expicssed any wish
to amend, the bill or to obstruct its passage, but he had
given notice that, as soon as tins bill should pass, he should
call up his lesolution to teimm.ite the joint occupancy.
Mr HAMLIX w as glad to hear the explanation, and he
ngret d w ith the gentleman tiom Indiana, and uave his con-
c>iri< nee to the proportion w hich that gentleman had sub-
mitted and n ould vote for it w ith all cheerfulness It was
tin e that tho ,omt occupancy should be tenuinated and he
won I- ask the gfurlonnn from Pennsylvania [Vr J K
J > r -.11 t ] i! that was rr.r.nfestmg a war nit He w a« of
opinion that the only wai that it would occasion w ould be
one of paper bullets, and prev ent one of a inoie sangusn.ny
eli.'i.ictei. Piompt, eneiijetic, and decisive action un cur
pavr wri« more likely to avoid a collision with u foreign pow -
t • than to luad to it Nor could there be any impropriet\
.'^expressing to the executive the opinions ofthe represent-
atives of the people on this subject, in language which
would neither be disrespectful nor an interference with his
dunes.
Mr. BELSER remarked that, if they took that step, the
resolution to terminate thejoint occupation would not take
errect until the expiration of twelve months.
Mr. HAMLIN said he understood, and was about to
comment on that fact. He then continued his remarks,
contending that the passage of the joint resolution could not
be deemed disrespectful to the executive. The gentleman
Pennsylvania had inquired in what manner tiiey could
exercise joint occupation of that teiritory wiih Great Brit-
aiK-4. ask that gentleman on what terms, and by
w hat authority, was it that Great Britain was now exer-
cising jurisdiction—by what greater authority was it than
that which we possess?
Mr. J. R. rXGERSOLL replied that they had no right to
pfcss this bill as it is; they had no right to pass any bill
which would interfere with the free occupancy of that Ter-
ritory by the citizens qnd subjects of both governments,
xie knew not thatthe Bntish government exexxised any ju-
risdiction overit; if they did, two wrongs did not make a
right. Our course should be a different one Much as he
desired peace-the greatest blessing that God gave to men
—yet, on a proper occasion, he should he ready to buckle
on his arms and staad by his friend from Maine, ready to
delend his country against all its enemies.
Mr HAMLIN had no doubt that when they required the
co-operation ofthegentleman from Pennsylvania,he would
be ready to give it, but he (Mr. II.) believed the day was
distant when such co-operation would be requi-red by
any but such as they were considering there. But, to re-
turn to the subject from which he had departed. He under-
stood that the Biitish government was exeicismg jurisdic-
tion over that Territory, and the citizens of this Union
were held amenable to British law-
It he had not been misinformed, American citizens had not
only been tried by, but executed under, Butish law— h*vine
been first taken to Canada for that purpose
Mr. J R. IXGERSOLL said iithe British government had
done that, she had made herself amenable to those obliga-
tions which one nation owes to another w hen she had done
an avowed wrong; and war would be justifiable on our
part.
Mr. HAMLIX said he was stating the acts of the Butish
government as he understood them, to show the necessity
for prompt and energetic action. The gentleman from Penn-
sjlvpnia mquncd why attempt the interference vv ith this
joint occupancy at this time, w hile negotiations are going
on? That w as the old cry w hich had been ~.o long sounded
in theii ears Xegotiation' Wh} they had negotiated un-
til they had dismembered the Union They had negotiated
on this subject for twentj years, and what had been"gained
by^negotiation' He believed it was time now to give this
notice, and thereby show the feense of the people upon it,
and then one lull year would be lelt for the negotiating par-
ties to settle the question on proper terms, if it could be set-
tled at all by negotiation. Years ago, when they were
about to enter upon the settlement of this question, the ciy
was, _''oh! we are about to negotiate,5 or, "we are
negotiating" Now, he would do nothing rash in this
matter; and he w ould avoid offence to any one, but
was there anything disrespectful m the terminating
the treaty, or in saying m respectful language, that
if, after one years, it shall be found that negotiation
has been useless, the proper authorities ma\ put an end to
the existing state of things, that w e might fall back on that
title, which is as good to that territory as our title is to any
ot the States of this Union' He should vote for the passage
ot this bill, although there might be some of its details-
which it might be proper to alter. One alteration he had
alieady suggested, which would add to the friends cf the
measuie—that is. to make the operation of the bill co exten-
sive with our territory, without defining our boundaries,
which might possibly go hej'ond 54 degrees 40 minutes.
"What, lie would ask, was to be gamed by additional delay'
He would ask his friend tiom Pennsy lvania what he expect-
ed to gam
Mr J. R. INGERSOX.L replied, Compliance with our
stipulations ot ISIS and 2 J7. Wc should give to Gieat
Britain tho notice iirst. We ought, perhaps, to have done
it fifteen years ago, but we had not done so Let it be done
now
Mr. HAMLIX said he was foi the notice and for the bill
too. and he asked .'•gain, by what authonty it was that the
British government was exercising jurisdiction theie. She
understood her rights and our rights—co-exten<ive with
hers. We should assert ours, that we nugui £>ivc piotec-
tion to American citizens, by extending to that Teiritory
Ameiicanlaws But his friend fiom Pennsv lvania objecte'd
to the bill, because he held that the notice "should be given
first
Mr. J. R. 1XGERSOLL said, if the negotiations which
w ere gomg on betw een tho two governments should fail to
produce any satisfactory- Jesuit, he would go tor the notice
with all his heart.
Mr HAMLiX said he was bound to take the explanation
of his mend from Pennsylvania. But when would negotia-
tion end' Some 30 years the negotiation abort the Maine
boundary was continued, even alter Gieat Britain had ad-
mitted our title, and had requested permission that her
troops might be convcyed across it, and it was then termi-
nated bv the loss of a portion of that territorv And even
so in this matter Indisputable as w as our title, negotiate
for twenty or thirty years, -and it would onh be terminated
v\ hen a portion had been recured to tht British :,<>v i?i rment
Xow he believed it was their duty a* once to throw the
shield of American law h over Am^i ican citizens. Hi? was
prepared togo lor tins hill j'e vws al-o piepaied to qo for
the resolution of the sfpn*h nmri lrom Indian,  f.Vr Owf^]
and give notice of their :nU'iiT;wij to tie joint oc-
cup.ii'cy o: the territory and he b.dicvc d he should then
be prepared to go a step tairhn, and by .low n 1 ars of iron,
•md oc'inrct t's with ' his a fiom tie coart of the Pacific
'1 hu< thev would Lrinu Oiegon m arer to this Capitol than
she was a lew vears ago, by iron dug from Pennsylvania.
sneU lied to the Kai We^t. a nd ^lius that counuv would le
the bettfv aide to enjoy all the advantages ofcu? blessed in
stitutioiw
Hero the gentleman's hour expired
Mr. ELMER wished to call the attention ofthe comm'it-
tee to some objections to the bill now before them, which
had not been distinctly adverted to by those who had so
well elucidated this subject. For one, he was ready to join
now m passing a resolution, requesting the executive to
give the required notice to terminate this joint possession.
He would not add the qualification of the gentleman from
Pennsylvania, [Mr. J. R. Ingersoll,] that we should wait
and see what would be the result of the negotiation. In
his judgment, this negotiation had dragged along long
enough. It was time, in his opinion, that this negotiation
w as at an end, and that our rights should be asserted. He
was ready to go farther—to extend our lawg over American
citizens in Oregon, without waiting for the result "of the
negotiation, or without feariDg war. If this bill went no
fuither than to extend our laws over our own citizens and
settlements, he should be prepared to give it his vote; but
it did go a great deal further; and, in his judgment, a# at
present advised, it went directly in the face ofthe letter
and spirit of the treaty of 1818, and the confirmatory treaty
of 18^7. These treaties provided, in substance, that this
territory should be conceded and treated by both parties as
debatable ground, to which both parties claim a title, and
the settlement of which title to be held m abeyance; and,
in the mean time, both parties to have free ingress and
egress, without molestation the one from the other. As far
as the treaty was concerned, there was no settlement of the
question of possession, oneway or the other. It had been
called, by almost all who had spoken, a joint occupancy,
which the treaty provided lor. He agreed witk the Com-
mittee on Territories, that there was no distinct recogni-
tion of occupancy, one way or the other. That question,
like all other questions, was left for future settlement; but
it did provide for free access, and for the exercise of Such
rights by the one party as by the other party there.
Xovv we proposed to establish a territorial government,
by metes and bounds, including all we claimed—all that to
which wc had a good right, and all that to which, perhaps,
m the opinion of others, we had a better right And when
he said this, he did not mean to put the same construction
on the words good and better that the venerable gentleman
from Massachusetts had seemed to put upon these words of
Mr. Jefferson in regard to a similar case—viz. that one
claim was bad and the other good; but that both titles were
good, but that the one was, perhaps, more susceptible of
proof than the other. It was estimated that our title was
good to 04 deg. 40 mm.; and, m the opinion of some, it was
a better title as far north as 49 deg. He would not go into
the consideration of our title; it was admitted good by all
here, and was probably good to the whole territory; but he
knew that the whole thing was under negotiation—that our
government had repeatedly offered to give up the territory
north of 49 deg. Xow we were about to extend our gov-
ernment over the whole of it; we were about to give rights
to land, or inchoate rights, that Avas a possession, to give
w hich, if continued five years, will entitle the possessor to
the land.
But this bill went further, and in very terms attempted to
carry our juiisdiction over the citizens of Great Britain,
which was. in his humble judgment, directly in the face of
the treaty. Great Britain had made settlements, built foi-ts,
&c , and now. by this bill, we proposed to extend our juris-
diction over these forts and over their citizens there. This
was further than we were entitled to go, and further than
Great Britain herself had gone. Ilis objection was not to
building foi ts on our part, he was perfectly willing to do
this, but his objection was to our undertaking to extend
our law s over British forts.
He asked the gentleman irom Maine [Mr. Hamlin] by
what authority he had stated to the House that American
citizens had been taken to Canada and there executed for
an infraction of British laws? It was not certainly on the
authonty of any public document. There was no proof of
it; it had never been complained of. He ventured to say,
having carefuily read the British laws, that if any Ameri-
can citizen chose to set up his defence that he was not with-
in the purview of British laws, it would be allowed to him.
It did not attempt the exercise of power over American citi-
zens; and a proof of it was, as we had heard within a few
days, that the American citizens in that territory had set
up their own government there, and that within the very
sound of the British cannon; and that without any inter-
ference of the British authorities.
Mr. HAMLIX stated that he had made the remark al-
luded to on information gathered, he behaved, from an ex-
pos? ol this matter by Mr Brown, of Philadelphia, in a
small pamphlet on that subject.
Mr. ELMER resuming, said if that fact was established,
he concurred most fully with the gentleman from Pennsyl-
vania, [Mr. J. R. Jngfrsoll,] and fiom Indiana, [Mr.
Ov\K>.] that it was good cause of war. And when we ad-
mitted that, w e must remember what we admitted further as
a corollary, viz: that the admission that this was a cause
ofwsr upon the British government, if it had undertaken
to try and execute our citizens m the face of the tieaty,
was an admission that it would be a good cause of war on
the part of the British government if we undertook to try
and execute their citizens under our laws before wc gave
this notice
That was hi-? objection to this bill. There was a provis-
ion m the bill, as reported at the last session, that British
subjects should be delivered up to the British authonties if
ai rested This provision was also in the bill reported by
the late Dr. Linn in the Senate Heretofore, m both Houses,
there w as a proviso that our laws should not apply to Brit-
ish subject-*; we weie bound to do this now, until the year
of the required notice expired. It was important that^we
should do this, if we would maintain unimpaired our just
lights to that temtorv, that we should not only abstain
from infringing, but lrom appearanoe of infringing, on the
i splits ot others. It was better to err on the safe side, and
he argued that there was no necessity of eoirg so far. He
ti listed that this bill would he modified he could not say,
w ;rh The gentleman from Indiana, that he was willing to
vote for it as it now stood, and ho could not see how the
gentleman, with his own principles, could consent to vote
lorn If this bill did infringe the treaty, w hy should we
put ourselves in this difficulty, when a bill, not having ef.
feet on the British settlements, would answ cr our purpose
as well?
