228
CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
pie of this country who would ask of their govern-
ment why they were at war. ,
It was, therefore, with great anxiety of delibera-
tion that he had come to the conclusion that now
was the time to say to Great Britain that this nego-
tion must be closed; that we must have a certainty
of what territory we possessed on the Pacific ocean,
not only "indisputable," but "undisputed." There-
fore, he wished to go a little further than the propo-
sition of the gentleman from Indiana, [Mr. Owen]
—that was to say, to pass this bill first, and then
give notice to the British government. He was
first for giving the notice to the British government;
and then for providing that whatever they did now
should take effect only after the conclusion of the
term of twelve months for which the notice was to
be given. If we are to have war (said Mr. A.) I
wish to put our foot on the foundation of everlasting
right; and there I always have been and always
shall be, in the short remnant of my life, ready to go
for defending our position. The right first; then
good policy and expediency. But the question had
become of so much importance now that it was time
to settle with Great Britain what our territorial pos-
sessions "on the South sea are, and what those of
Great Britain are. He was ready, therefore, to
pass by itself a resolution directing that notice to be
given; he was ready to do it eiiher in the form of a
joint resolution or in the very first section of this
bill.
He would give the twelve months1" notice; be-
cause in that respect hs differed essentially from the
principle advanced by the chairman of the Commit-
tee on Foreign Affairs, that this House had nothing
to do with the termination of the joint occupancy.
On the contrary, he believed that this House had
everything to do with it, because it was war; and
the war power was expressly given to Congress by
the constitution. He thought that by giving this
notice, and postponing all further action 011 the part
of the House, it would be the best way of bringing
the negotiation to a close; because the British gov-
ernment would see that the thing must be settled
within the year; and they would concede a great deal
for the purpose of avoiding war. In that way we
should get more than we could get in any other
way. He believed, teo, that if they went to war in
the rash way they were going to do, the result
would be that their antagonist would require greater
sacrifices of us than they now asked. Then would
come the time when the people of this country
would ask why we went to war. Then would
come the time to make sacrifices for the sake of
peace; and we would not get the 49th degree. No
member of this House had dared to tell what the
British government had to say on this subject; and
yet they were precipitating their action, without
knowing the other side of the question.
Mr. A. then referred to, and made some
quotations from, the correspondence with the
British government, which had been printed
by the Senate under the injunction of secrecy,
and showed from it the arguments offered by them
against our establishing a territorial governmentover
the country. He then went on to say that such was
the increasing population of the West, and the num-
ber of active, enterprising, and warlike young men
yearly coming to maturity there, that Oregon, in the
natural course of events, would be settled by a force
that would bid defiance to any efforts of the British
government to prevent them. He also said, that
while thought it indispensable that the twelve
months'notice should be given previous to any other
proceedings on our part, he was net willing to give
up an acre of the territory; and, when the year was
expired, would be willing to adopt any measures to
take possession of it, and defend it. He thought
that the negotiations had been pending long enough,
and that it was time they should cease.
Mr. A. V. BROWN supposed it was necessary
that he should submit some few remarks in reply to
the gentleman from Massachusetts, [Mr. Adams.]
The gentleman seemed to think that some days ago
he treated him some degree of rudeness in declining
to postpone this bill to a day that he proposed. In
replv to a suggestion at the time made by the gen-
tleman, he said that he had no disposition to drive
this bill through, but that it was subject to the direc-
tion of the members of the House, who could hasten
or retard its progress as they pleased. A\ hat wos
the reas <n the gentleman gave for wishing to postpone
it? Why, there was a book which very lew had
heard of, that gave so much information on this
subject that every difficulty would be settled by
getting it, and he wanted to delay the action 01 the
House till that book was procured. Why, this
book had been published years ago by order of the
Senate,,and every member of the House could get it
by application for it. But it was said here was a
new and enlarged edition of it, which gave new
lights which were not found w the first edition. But
who did not know that the reports made to the
House by Mr. Pendleton, and by Mr. Cushing, on
this very subject, contained all the information
that could be given on it.' Indeed, either of
them was far more valuable than Mr. Greenhow's
book, and could be had by any member that de-
sired, at a moment's warning. Again, the gentle-
man said that he was satisfied that our title to the
country was indisputable. Why, then, wait for
any body's book? The gentleman quoted him as
saying that he considered it the duty of the execu-
tive only to give the twelve months' notice to end
the joint occupancy, and that this House had
nothing to do with it. Now, the gentleman did not
explain his (Mr. B.'s) position correctly. He did say
that the executive was competent to give the notice,
without the action of the House, having more infor-
mation 011 the subject than they could possibly
have; but he did not say the House had no right to
give the notice. That was a point which the com-
mittee did not touch on in their report, and which
he did not make 111 his remarks of yesterday.
The gentleman from Massachusetts had read a
portion of the correspondence between the two
countries at a former period, and by examination of
the report, part of which had been read, it would be
found that the committee had adverted to the same
correspondence, and incorporated in their report the
material part of that correspondence,—or such as
they supposed would have a material influence 011
the question. He wished the gentleman from Mas-
sachusetts had read a little further than he did of
that correspondence. On the 23d page of the re-
port the committee speak as follows:
"The injustice done to 'the United States by the double
use which Great Britain makes ol the Hudson's Jiay Com-
pany, was strongly urged by Mr. Gallatin, in his conferen-
ces with the Critish ministers on the subject, in IH'20 and
1827. The British minister* were not insensible to the foice
of his objections. And the following passage of Mr. |< r-illa*
tin's letter ofDecember 00, 1826, is important in its bearing
upon the question of what legislation Congiess may adopt,
without infringement of the treaty relations of the two
powers.
" 'The establishment of a distinct territorial government
on the west *ide of the Stony mountains would also be ob-
jected to as an attempt to excreta; exclusive sovereignly.
I observed that, although the Northwest compnny might,
from its being incorporated, from the habits ol the men they
employed, and from having a monopoly with respect to
trade, so far as British subjects were concerned, carry on a
species of government without the assistance of that ot
Great Britain, it was otherwise with u*. Om population
there would consist of several independent companies and
individuals. We had always been in the habit, m our most
remote settlements, of carrying laws, courts, and justices oi
the peace with us Thexe wan an absolute nccowity, on
our port, to hn\e some species of government. Without it,
the kind of so\ereignty, or rather jurisdiction, which it was
intended to admit, could not be exercised on oui part.' "
Now what follows, the gentleman from Massachu-
setts did not read. _
"It was suggested, and seemed to be'acquieiced m, that
the difficulty might be obviated, provided the erection
of a new territory was not confined exclusively to the ter-
ritory weft of the mountains; that it should be defined as
embracing fdl the possessions ot the United* States we*t of
a line that should be at some distance from, and east of. th«
Stony mountains."
After commenting on these extracts, the honor-
able gentleman proceeded. The bill at the Inst ses-
sion was diawn in conformity with these sugges-
tions, and the jurisdiction of Iowa was proposed to
be extended over the Territory of Oregon; but at
the present session Iowa was to be admitted into
the Union, and to take her laws would be inconve-
nient, if not inconsistent. What, then, was the com-
mittee to do, with the prospect of Iowa coming into
the Union' Why, they went on to establish a dis-
tinct Territory, beginning at the summit of the
Kocky mountains. In this they had departed from
the letter of the admissions made by the British min-
ister; but had they departed from them in substance?
What had they done' He put the law of 1803—
and it was that law which had deceived so many
gentlemen on this floor—it was in that law that they
pretended to find an exemption of American citizens
from the operation of British laws. But in 1803
they knew that American citizens were not there in
any considerable numbers; there were Eu-
ropeans there, and it was in their favor that the
exemptions were made. But in 1831 our claims
had ripened up, our citizens had gone there, and it
became necessary to make a new provision. What,
then, did the British Parliament do? Extended the
jurisdiction of the laws in force in Canada to the
Oregon, appointed justices of the peace, who, being
sent there, had jurisdiction in certain eases; and
every man, whether an American-citizen or a Brit-
ish subject, was subject to the laws passed by the
British Parliament. For the higher offences, the
party committing them was arrested and taken to
Canada for trial. He invited the attention of gen-
tlemen to an examination of the law of 1821,,which
extended the laws of Great Britain over that coun-
try, to see if they could find one solitary exception
in favor of American citizens. He hoped they
would be able to do it; he should rejoice at the dis-
covery if such a provision eould be found; but he
could not find it himself, and he questioned if any-
body else could.
He now came to the question of what they pro-
posed to do by this bill. Was it anything which
the British Parliament had not done by,its legisla-
tion? He maintained that they proposed to do no
more than the British Parliament had done.—not one
solitary thing. Was it said that the British Parlia-
ment had not sent governors to Oregon? Be it so:
bwt the British governor was in Canada, and, by
virtue of his otfice, he was governor of Oregon,
though not actually being in the territory; and when
we appoint a governor and send him to the place
where his duties are to be performed, there was no
difference in point of principle. The English judges,
too, reside in Canada, and ours would reside in Or-
egon. AVas there any actual difference in principle
in that' Were we carrying out rights beyond what
Great Britain hud done? Where, and in what re-
spect, were we going one inch beyond the example
which England had set us? And if ye do not go
beyond that example, where is the cause for war?
what provocation do we give for war? Not the
slightest; and Great Biitain could not declare war
against us for anything contained in this bill, unless
she sought a war for another purpose; and if that
was her desire, he would say, let her have it—in the
first day and hour that she desires it, let her have it.
Since he had had a seat on this floor, he had seen
more than one day when he could have said, let her
have it. Who did not remember the ease of the
"Caroline," when British soldiers were lowed with
muffled oars to our shores, and cut loose an American
sleanier which they sent blazing down the stream
and over the cataract of the Niagara, with all her
unfortunate inmates' The waters of the Niagara
have been long since closed over that ill-fated vessel,
but a cry for vengeance came up from the deep and
troubled waters m which the Caroline was eugulfed.
Eor the present, however, he would let that pass.
Why should England talk of war? Was it because
we take possession of the disputed Territory just
as she has done' He could not believe that such a
result would ensue.
He then proceeded to say that he had never seen
an American Congress take hold of an American
question with a better spirit than on this occasion,
and therefore he had heard, with pleasure, the sug-
gestions which had been made, come from what
quarter they might. One suggestion offered and
reasoned upon by the gentleman from Pennsylvania,
had convinced him, and he adopted the suggestion,
and had prepared an amendment precisely in ac-
cordance therewith. It had been said, you are
breaking the third article of the convention by pass-
ing tins bill; but this he denied. But again, it was
ui^ed, suppose it should be so understood, and
Great Britain should believe that they intended to
do so. Well, to negative this, he had prepared a
provision reciting that third article, and then guard-
ing against such a conclusion. Now he supposed
that would obviate all objections; but another gen-
tleman rose and said, oh! you arc taking a step
that Great Britain never intended nor contemplated.
What was that.' Oh! you are dividing out and par-
titioning the land, regardless of the rights of Great
Britain. To this he replied, that they knew very
well that any grant of land must be subject to the
future adjustment of the two countries; but if they
would rather have it so expressed in the bill, be it so;
and to meet that he had prepared a provision. But
how would that operate? Weie the people who
were settling south of the Columbia river ever to be
disturbed under any circumstances' Were we ever
to lose a foot of land there? There was not an Amer-
ican citizen whose heart would not leap in his breast
at the bare idea of making any concessions south of
the Columbia river. But suppose our citizens should
settle north of the Columbia river beyond 49 deg. of
north latitude, or 50, 51, 52, 53, 54, and beyond the
line that might be drawn whenever this question
