330
GONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
On motion of Mr. COBB, the further considera-
tion ol the motion to reconsider was postponed till
Monday next. >
TERRITORIAL GOVERNMENT FOR OREGON.
On motion of Mr. HOPKINS, the House re-
solved itself into a Committee of the Whole on the
state of the Union, (Mr. Weller, of Ohio, in the
chair,) and resumed the consideration of the bill to
'establish a territorial government over Oregon, and
for other purposes.
Mr. CULLOM desired to offer as an amendment
a proviso that the jurisdiction and sovereignty to be
exercised under this bill, should not be in contra-
vention of the terms of the treaty with Great Britain
of 1818.
The CHAIR said that the amendment was not
then in order.
Mr. WINTHROP, who had the floor, observed
that he stated yesterday evening that it was not his
design to occupy the attention of the committee for
any length of time. His remarks would, therefore,
be brief. It would also be remembered that he ad-
dressed the House on this subject at the last ses-
sion; and he was willing to stand by what he then
said, circumstances not having materially changed
since that time. He did not intend to enter into an
argument in regard to the title of the United States
to this Territory. No such argument was neeessa-
ry, gentlemen on all sides being satisfied that the
American title is the best one. It seemed, however,
to have been forgotten that there was another party
which had something to do with the matter, and the
British government has to be convinced of the va-
lidity of that title. If gentlemen could find any
means of satisfying Sir Robert Peel or Lord Aber-
deen of the goodness of our title, they would turn
their arguments to a much better account. It seemed
to him, though, that no argument, however good,
would have any weight, if urged in the tone
and temper whicj  had been manifested in the
course of this discussion. In his view, the whole
discussion was unwise, ill-timed, and impolitic. In
his opinion, it was exceedingly ill-judged to be en-
gaged in this discussion at the moment when ne-
gotiations were pending between the two countries
for the settleftient of this very question, particularly
as the arguments used mig'i not be conformable
with those which the Secretary of State was now
pressing on the British government. We had as-
surances that the negotiations had not failed, and
that they were still in progress. We have assu-
rancas that the results of that negotiation will be
laid before Congress before the end of the session.
Then why not wait a few weeks for the termination
of that negotiation? Why insist on making a step
in the dark on his momentous question, when by
a few week's delay we might proceed with safety?
It really appeared to him that these proceedings
savored something of a distrust of the one to whom
these negotiations are committed. He did not
know that there was any purpose entertained that
this measure was to exercise any influence in the
formation of the cabinet of the President elect; but
it seemed to him that the friends of Mr. Calhoun
ought to feel a little jealousy on this subject; and it
also appeared to him that the passage of this bill,
while the negotiation was pending, could not but be
considered as a want of confidence in the present
American minister. What were the grounds on
which this bill was now pressed? Why, "wc can't
have any more negotiations;" " we have had
enough of negotiations;" "negotiations are a mere
sacrifice of our territory, and always have been so;"
"they are but another name for a sacrifice of the
sovereignty and soil of the country." These were
the cries by which the passage of this bill was urged
at this time. Why, one might suppose from this
that we had at the head of the Department of State
some British whig, who was ready to sell the terri-
tory of the United States for gold. One would hard-
ly suppose that we had a democratic Secretary of
State, or a democratic administration on the eve of
coming in. He, for one, wished to give to the ma-
jority m the House, the supporters of the adminis-
tration, a fair chance of showing to the country
what is an honorable settlement of a disputed
boundary question. He desired to have a demo-
cratic model for the settlement of a boundary ques-
tion. He desired that these abler, wiser, and more
powerful negotiators, may pluck up the drowning
honor of the nation by the locks. It had frequent-
ly been charged that the treaty of Washington was
a dishonorable surrender of the territory of the Uni-
ted States. It was true that four-fifths of the sena-
tors concurred in the ratification of the treaty. It
was true that the State of Maine had her commis-
sioners here, who assented to it; and it was also true
that the State of Maine had her share of the in-
demnity. But the gentleman from Maine [Mr.
Hamlin] said that the treaty was passed with the
unanimous dissent of the only democratic senator
Maine had on the floor; to which he would reply
that it was passed with the unanimous assent of the
only whig senator Maine had on the floor of tho
Senate; and without intending any disparagement
to Mr. Ruel Williams, the democratic senator, he
might say that his colleague, the whig senator, might
fully compare with him for virtue, intelligence, and
patriotism. But gentlemen said that we must have
no more negotiations. Where did this lead to? It
led inevitably and wantonly to war—war with Eng-
land now, and with all the world hereafter. But
even war would not prevent negotiations; for, after
the war is over, these questions of boundary must
still be settled by negotiation; and the only question
to be determined was, whether we are to have ne-
gotiation without war, or war first, and negotiation
afterwards. For his part, he was for negotiating
without war, for the reason that if we were driven
to war, we fhall be compelled to take a less satisfac-
tory boundary than we now are able to obtain. Mr.
W., after deprecating and protesting against the dis-
position he so often saw manifested to get up a war
with England, observed that she was the nation
which was able to do us the most good in peace,
and the most harm in war; and that the interest of
the whole country required us to be at peace with
her. But then it was said that Great Britain was
so grasping and manifested such a spirit of aggran-
disement and aggression, that we can take no other
course with her, and the honorable member fiom
Illinois [Mr. Douglass] said yesteiday that she
was hemming us in on every side on our own con-
tinent. As this declaration had been repeatedly
made, he desired to analyze it.
This asertion seemed to have been made on the
ground that we were the original nation on this con-
tinent, and that Great Britain was continually mak-
ing encroachments on our territory. Pie had some-
times entertained the idea that Great Britain once
had possession over the very territory which formed
this Union, and he had heard of our fathers having
wrested it from her. He had heard of the tea-tax, and
Bunker Hill, and York town, and other memorable
events of the contest which separated us from that
power; and he thought that the result of it was to
leave her but an inconsiderable portion of the terri-
tory she once possessed. Instead of her hemming
us in, we are hemming her out; and he should think
that there had been a good deal more of ripping
than hemming in the matter.
Instead of Great Britain having enclosed us in a
net-work, it appeared to him that we had broken out
of the net-work. He would like to ask the gentle-
man from Illinois what foot of land on this North
American continent Great Britain had acquired
since our declaration of independence. How was
it as to the Canadas? It seemed to him that he had
heard that we had something to do with the acquisi-
tion of Canada, and our troops were repaid for those
services by the discipline which they acquired to fit
them for the contest of our revolution. Then ns to
Cuba, 011 which it was said Great Britain had fixed
hereye: he had always thought Great Britain
herself ceded Cuba to Spain; having acquired Cuba
she ceded that country back to Spain. Oh, but she
had her eye on California, her heart on Cuba, and
she ventured to entertain the hope of getting Texas;
and what had we been doing in the mean time? Of
which of the two countries would impartial history
record the greater exhibition of a spirit of aggran-
disement and aggression on this North American
continent' Whiie Great Britain was looking at
Texas, we acquired Louisiana. While she had
her eye on Cuba, we had got our hand on Florida;
and while she had her heart on California, we were
annexing Texas. She had not acquired a single inch
of territory on this continent, except on the settle-
ni. nt of boundary lines by fair and impartial treaties.
He then made some observations on the reproaches
which were cast on this floor on the negotiations
which were passed, and the menaces and bravadoes
which were heard in relation to those which were
pending, and he expressed the hope that Mr. Cal-
houn, or any succeeding Secretary of State, would
not be influenced by the expression of sentiments
of that sort; but that he would dare to do whatever
the honor and peace of the coiytfry would justify
and demand.
He read an extract from a speech made by Mr.
Huskisson in the British House of Commons in
1830, on which he commented, to show that there
were two sides to the question; and that both
countries had been charged with desires to aggran-
dise themselves by acquiring territory. Mr. Hus-
kisson drew a strong picture of the acquisitions
which this republic was making on the Gulf of
Mexico; and the honorable gentleman was under-
stood to read an extract to show that Mr. Jefferson
had his eye on Cuba.
He then alluded to the comments of the gentle-
man from Illinois [Mr. Docglass] on the remarks
of tho gentleman from Pennsylvania, [Mr. E. J.
Morris.] The gentleman from Illinois seemed to
work himself up to a dangerous state of excitement,
and chafed himself into a towering passion, because
the gentleman from Pennsylvania hadintimated that
the Oregon might bo formed into a separate govern-
ment, and that limits should be set to this repub-
lic. Now, where did that idea originate? This was
not the first time that
"The shaft at random sent,
Has Jiit the mark which was not meant"
He then read an extract from a speech delivered
by Mr. Benton in 1825 on that subject, in which the
senator from Missouri was understood to express
the opinion that nature had fixed the Itocky moun-
tains as our western boundary. Some gentleman
here, however, were of opinion that this republic
must have the whole of the continent—if it were ne-
cessary. If it were necessary ! And all for the
glory of the republic. He had read a definition of
glory which said that glory is like that circle in the
water which never ceases to enlarge itself till by
broad spreading it is dispersed to nought.
hie said he was opposed to any action on this
subject under the circumstances which now exist
and during the present session of Congress, unless
they could obtain some tidings of tho progress of the
pending negotiations. He wished to get the Ore-
gon, and it was because he wished to get that terri-
tory that he was opposed to this bill. He then
made some comments on the provisions of the bill
itself, in which he was interrupted by tho expira-
tion of his hour.
Mr. SHEPARD GARY said the remarks of
tho gentleman from Massachusetts would have as-
tonished him had they come from any other gentle-
man in this body. But that gentleman's immediate
constituents would be somewhat astonished at the
alarm manifested by him lest this measure should
involve us in war with Great Britain. The gentle-
man's constituents, as he saw from the papers this
morning, had lately held a convention called for
considering the propriety of recommending a disso-
lution of the Union.
Mr. WINTHROP. Does the gentleman assert
that such resolutions wore passed?
Mr. CARY. They were considered.
Mr. WINTHROP. They were offered by an
individual member and were unanimously rejected !
[Laughter.]
Mr. CARY resumed. He believed they were not
acted on, but the meeting was culled to consider
the propriety of such a recommendation. Under
these circumstances, he should think the gentleman's
constituents would have but little fear of being in-
volved m war, provided this scheme could be car-
ried out. The gentleman had not surprised him, after
he manner in which the gentleman had commenced,
that he was found quoting British authorities to
support him. The gentleman had quoted the same
authority from which he (Mr. C.) had recently
quoted to show that the whig party was identified
with Great Britain m opposition to the annexation
of Texas.
The gentleman had gravely asked when Great
Britain had obtained a single acre of land on this
continent since the closc of the revolutionary war.
He would answer that she had recently obtained
three millions of acres out of the territory of the
Slate which he in part represented. Ho referred to
and commented upon several other of the arguments
of Mr. WiNTHitop, denying, among other things,
that she had over assented to that negotiation under
which that territory was lost; but her legislature
had expressly declared by resolution that no part
of her territory .should be ceded to Great Britain
to quiet the title of that State to any remaining
part of that territory; and that Lord Ashburton re-
fused in the most insulting manner to treat on these
terms.
•He referred to a position taken by Mr. Adams
yesterday, and in reply to hi* inquiry concerning it.
