CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
Mr. ADAMS explained that he had stated that,
in the negotiation qn this subject, there was a dis-
cussion between Mr. Gallatin and the British com-
missioner, in the course of which the reason was
assigned, why the act of Parliament of 1821 was
such a mode of proceeding, a correspondent mode to
which we could not take. The jurisdiction was
therein conferred to a certain extent upon a compa-
ny, while our mode was the constitution of a territo-
ry, which necessarily implied exclusive jurisdiction.
These were the arguments used.
Mr. GARY, resuming, said this distinction might
be made. But Great Britain probably considered it
the best and the cheapest manner of getting the
jurisdiction of this country, as this company sup-
ported itself, and was no expense to her. Her con-
quest of the Indies in this way ought to be a warn-
ing to this House, that it was high time we should
resist a similar mode of procedure in regard to
Oregon.
The people of this country, he contended, had de-
termined that this territory belonged to us, and that
it was high time we should act in this matter. They
well understood that no advantage was to be gained
by negotiation with Great Britain, unless she
yielded it through fear, or motives of policy.
Talk of her integrity, her modesty, her want of
grasping disposition! They did not exist. She
encroached upon all countries, and at all times,
unless restrained by fear.
He had felt bound to notice this speech of the
gentleman from Messachusetts, and he thought,
when this subject came up in Parliament, there
would not be a better British speech made upon it.
Mr. HAMLIN inquired of his colleague whether
he was a member of the legislature of Maine,
the year when the resolutions were passed to ap-
point commissioners from that State on the subject
of this northeastern boundary; whether he was
right (as he understood had been questioned by the
gentleman from Massachusetts) in saying that
Maine had never received a large sum of money, be-
side the amount she had expended in taking care of
that soil; also, whether he was correct in saying
that the commissioners had yielded their assent to
tha treaty, only as far as the honor of Maine per-
mitted, and that it was for the treaty-making power
to determine.
Mr. CARY, resuming, replied, that the commis-
sioners of Maine had yielded their assent to the
treaty, so far as to allow it to go before the Senate
ofthe United States, subject to the approval or re-
jection of that body, and that they had most reluc-
tantly yielded. He detailed some further historical
facts in reference to the composition and proceed-
ing of these commissioners on the part of Maine,
which were received with considerable merri-
ment.
As to the money—miserable trash ! [laughter,]
we received it (said Mr. C.) for selling our birth-
right.
Mr. F. H MORSE (Mr. C. yielding the floor)
inquired of his colleague whether he was not a
member ofthe senate of that State the year after the
treaty was ratified, and was not chairman of a com-
mittee on the northeastern boundary; what was the
action of that committee; whether there was not a
report and a resolution drawn up by that commit-
tee, condemning the treaty, and whether that report
was ever adopted.
Mr. CAltY replied that he had the honor of be-
ing chaiimon of such a committee from whom such
a leport emanated, and that it was adopted by the
senate of that State almost unanimously; but that
the whigs in the House had raised the hue-and-
cry, and had thrown off the question, so that no
action was taken upon it.
With regard to this money, Daniel Webster, af-
ter having visited Great Britain in ]83'J, and re-
ceived fees from the holders of State scrip, and per-
haps other considerations, found that money was
very convenient to carry on this negotiation. Great
Britain had danced, and we had paid the fiddler
He said there were conditions in the treaty which
were never complied with by Great Britain. She
agreed to pay back certain moneys which the New
Brunswickers had robbed the people of Maine of,
and put into what they called the timber fund. This
money was never repaid, but when application was
made for it they said there was no money there—
they had spent it all. There was also certain bonds
given by them for timber cut in the territory ac-
knowledged to belong to Maine. They agreed to
pay these bonds, but the first dollar of them wa^
never received.
Mr. SEVERANCE asked how it happened that
two democratic and two whig commissioners were
appointed by the Governor of Maine, seeing that he
was a democrat, and his party had the ascendency
m the StaA:e.
*" Mr. CARY said that the governor perhaps might
have had reasons for appointing two whijjs. to office
which never influenced the whig party. _ That party
was always crying out against proscription, and pio-
claiming that they would proscribe it; but they al-
ways turned out their opponents when they had the
power, and never gave them appointments. He
supposed, however, that the object in appointing
two whig commissionei s was to divide the responsi-
bility. After some further remarks from Mr. C.—
Mr. MORSE entered into a defence of the treaty
of Washington, alleging that Great Britain had
given Maine an equivalent for all the territory she
had lost, viz: in the free navigation of the St. John's,
and the privilege of exporting lumber—and his col-
league himself was greatly benefited by it, for he
believed that he was a dealer in lumber to a large
amount.
Mr. CARY said that the privilege the gentleman
spoke of was to have the timber of the citizens of
Maine taxed, which was, previous to the treaty, free
by a British ordinance.
Mr. MORSE would say, notwithstanding his
colleagues remark, that Maine was greatly benefited
by the treaty; she had the privilege of exporting
timber, gram, &c., which she never had before.
It had been asserted by two of his colleagues
that Maine never gave her assent to the Washing-
ton treaty. Wow, it appeared to him that when they
had the opportunity to condemn it, and failed to do
so, it was equivalent to an approval of it. Now, in
regard to the report the gentleman spoke of, there
was a great deal of drumming up, and he did not
believe it was sanctioned by a majority of the com-
mittee who made it. It was hurried through the
House, but the Senate looked upon it as so mon-
strous, that they laid it on the table. He did not
a ree with lus colleague that the people in the last
canvass had decided on the Texas and Oregon
questions, and he was not prepared to pass this bill,
because he wanted information as to the extent and
validity ofthe claims of Great Britain.
Mr. M., in conclusion, deprecated the desire for
extending our possessions, which he saw so preva-
lent in tho country, and expressed tho fear that, the
result of it would be the destructiou of our confede-
racy.
Mr. HARDIN behved it was our duty to pro-
tect the American settlors in Oregon by extending
our laws over them. There were several thousands
of our citizens in that country, and yet there were
no laws there even to punish the crime of murder.
This, he thought, required some legislation on the
part of this government. lie did not agree with the
honorable chairman ofthe Committee on Territories,
[Mr. A. Y. Brown,1 that the House ought not to
give the twelve months' notice to Great Britain of
the termination of the joint occupancy. He thought
it ought to be done so that they might know what
portion of the territory they were extending their
aws over.
lie was disposed to go for this bill; but if it were
passed without giving the notice to terminate the
joint occupancy to Great Britain, he feared it would
bring them into collision with that government. He
caused an amendment to be read, which he intended
to offer as an additional section, to make provision
for the giving of such notice. He wished to settle
the question without a war, though he did not think
war was to be eternally dreaded; and when war
should come, ho should say "our country, right or
wrong."
Mr. A. KENNEDY spoke for the few minutes
which remained, and after some remarks on the
difficulty of obtaining the floor, said he did not see
that this bill would bring us necessarily into col-
lision with Great Britain. It did no more for our citi-
zens thanthatgovemment had done fonts subjects.
Our right to Oregon was admitted on every hand;
but if we intended to retain it, it must be exercised.
He spoke at some length of the fears expressed of a
collision with Great Britain, and of the debate which
had gone on here this morning in relation to the
northeastern boundary question; and he told the
committee that this was a question in relation to
western land and the western people, who knew
what good land was, and would not permit any par-
tition of that which belonged to them entirely. He
descanted, too, on the love exhibited here for Great
Britain by some gentlemen; and he recapitulated
many of her aggressions against this infant republic
to justify a very different feeling. He looked upon
the British government as a hateful oligarchy, which
fed its voracious maw on the blood of all nations.
He spoke until the falling of the Chairman's mallet
announced the arrival of the hour which the Hous©
had fixed for the termination of this debate.
The committee then proceeded to receive and vote
upon the amendments that were offered.
The pending motion, viz: that of Mr. Winthrop,
to strike out the first section of the bill, was with-
drawn by him.
Mr. ADAMS moved an amendment, to insert as
the'first section of the bill, that forthwith, after the
passage of this act, the President of the United States
shall cause notice to be given to the government of
her Britannic Majesty that the United States, con-
formably to the second article of the convention, see
fit to annul and abrogate the said convention of 6th
August, 1827; and, after the expiration of twelve
months from the receipt of said notice by the Brit-
ish government, the said convention is declared to
be entirely annulled and abrogated.
Mr, A. V. BROWN called for tellers; which were
ordered.
Mr. HARDIN proposed to offer an amendment,
to stand as the second section of the bill.
Several objections were made on points of order.
Mr. C. J. INGERSOLL inquired if it would be
n breach of order to ask the gentleman from Massa-
chusetts [Mr. Adams] a question.
The CHAIRMAN replied that it would partake
of the character of debate, and, as such, not in order.
Mr. HARDIN sent up to the clerk's table the
amendment which he proposed to offer; which was
read.
Mr. C. J. INGERSOLL remarked that perhaps
the Chair could inform them. He confessed he was
very anxious to know whether, if that provision—
viz: the amendment of Mr. Adams—were adopted,
it was constitutionally obligatory on the President
to give the notice?
The CHAIRMAN decided that the amendment
of Mr. Hardin to the amendment was in order.
Mr. HARDIN withdrew his amendment for the
present, in order to allow a direct vote on the amend-
ment of Mr. Adams.
Mr. A. Y. BROWN raised the point of order
against the amendment of Mr. Adams, that there
was no w on the table of the committee a joint reso-
lution for the same purpose.
The CHAIRMAN overruled the point of order,
on the ground that the two proposition# were not
identical.
Mr. BELSER called for the reading of the amend-
ment, which Mr. Hammett subsequently offered
(which was of similar bearing with that of Mr. Ad-
ams.)
The proposed amendment was read.
Mr. OWEN raised another point of order against
tho amendment of Mr. Adams, on the ground of its
incongruity with the bill.
The CHAIRMAN overruled the point of order,
remarking that it was for the committee to decide
whether different points of the bill, or the amend-
ments and the bill, were consistent with each other.
Mr. ADAMS, in reference to some remark made,
said that, his amendment was not a request to the.
President. Ifadopted.it was a part of the law of
the land, and it made it the duty of the President to
give the notice. Now the President could not be
required, against his own opinion, to give this no-
tice, because he was to sign the bill directing it,
which he could decline to do by a veto of the bill,
if so inclined, fiom this or for any other reason-
The question was taken by tellers, and decided in
the negative—ayes 77, noes 92.
So the amendment ©f Mr. Adams was rejected.
Mr. HAMMETT then offered the amendment of
which mention has been made above; but after some
conversation by himself a#d several gentleman, he
withdrew the amendment in order to offer it at a
subsequent stage ofthe bill.
Mr. COLLAMER moved an amendment to strike
out m the first section, the words "and bounded on
the south by 42 degrees, and oh the north by 54 de-
grees 40 minutes north-latitude," (which amendment
being adopted, the bill would provide for the organ-
ization of a temporary government over the whole
country to the west of the Rocky mountains belong-
ing to the United States, without defining the boun-
daries thereof.)
Mr. DUNCAN asked for tellers; whieh were re-
fused.
