23$
CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
The question was faken, arid the amendment was
rejected without a division.
The Clerk then proceeded with the reading of the
bill.
The 6th section being under consideration,
. Mr. WINTHROP moved an amendment to add
a proviso, that slavery or involuntary servitude, ex-
cept for the punishment of crime, whereof the party
shall be duly convicted, shall not exist in said ter-
ritory.
The question was taken by tellers, and the amend-
ment was agreed to—ayes 85, noes 56.
The Clerk further progressed with the reading of
the bill.
Mr A. V. BROWN then submitted the follow-
ing amendment; which was agread to:
Provided always, That in cases where any British suhjcct,
resident or trading m said Territory of Oregon, shall be ar-
rested, charged witli the commission of any misdemeanor
or felony, the same shall be delivered over to the nearest
tribunal of the British government having jurisdiction over
the offence: This provision not to apply after the period of
twelve months from any notice which may be given by the
United States as contemplated by the third article of the
convention now subsisting between the two countries in
relation to said Territory.
Mr. A. V. BROWN submitted an amendment;
which, after having been modified, at the sugges-
tion of Mr. Owen, so as to provide for the extin-
guishment of Indian titles, was agreed to, as fol-
lows:
Provided always, That the future grants of lands contem-"
plated by this act shall be subject to the settlement of any
dispute now pending between Great Britain and the United
States in relation to their lespective claims, and subject al-
so to the acquirement, by treaty or otherwise, of the Indian
title to the said lands.
Mr. A. V. BROWN submitted the following,
to come in as an additional section; which was also
agreed to:
And whereas, by a convention entered into between h:s
Britannic Majesty and tlie United States of America, it was
stipulated and agreed that any country on the northwest
coast of America, t© the westward ol the Stony mountains,
should be free and open to the citizens and subjects of the
two powers.it being competent, however, to either of the
contracting powers, in case either should think fit at any
time after the 20th of October, 1S23, on giving due notice of
twelve months to the other contracting party, to annul and
abrogate this convention:
Seo. 42. Be it therefore further enacted, That nothing in
this act shall be so construed as to close or obstruct any of
the harbois, bays, and creeks, or the navigation of rmus
within the territorial limits of the Territory hereby organ-
ized or any part of the country that may be claimed by
either party on the northwest coast of America, between
the 42d and 54th degree 40 minutes of north latitude, against
the vessels, citizens, and subjects of Great Britain, agree-
ably to the provisions of the third article of the convention
of 20th October, 1818, between the United Stales and Great
Britain, until the termination of the said stipulation of said
convention.
Mr. ELMER submitted the following amendment;
■which was read: .
"And whereas, by a convention entered into between the
United States, and Ureat Britain in the year 181<S, it was stip-
ulated and agreed 'that any country that may be claimed by
either party on the northwest coast of America, eastward of
the Stony mountains, shall, together with all its harbors,
bays and creeks, and the navigation of all riverswithin the
same, be free and open for the term of ten years to the ves-
sels, citizens, and subjects of the two powers; and by a
convention entered into between the said parties m the y ear
1827 the aforesaid agreement was indefinitely extended,
with a provision that it should be competent for either par-
S after the 20th day of October, 1838, on giving twelve
months' notice to the other contracting party to annul and
abrogate said convention: Therefore, j-.ni
"Jfrit enacted That nothing in this act contained shall be
conftrueHo atieit the vessels or subjects of Great Bntam
that have entered, or hereafter may enter, the country afore-
said or its harbors, bays, creeks, and rivers, m Pursuance
of the agreement aforesaid, until the said convention shall
have been duly annulled-*'
On taking the question, this amendment was re-
^Mr' HA.MMETT then offered the following, to
come in as additional section; which was read:
Syc 43 Bt U furthe, enacted., That the President of the
TT ■; ahi and he is hereby, required to cause duo
UT-e o-ive'nTo'the British government of the desire
anfHntention of the government of the United States to an-
and lntentiono a tion wjt)1 Great Britain rela-
tive to^erritory oii^thc northwest coast of America, con-
tive to territory o agreeably to the provisions of
eluded August 61;n, - > = ntion. Provided, That noth-
the second artic« be so construed or carried
mg in this act rontAinta sad ciiizons ot the United
into effect by any ol 1ih > ototevs or c
States, as to mayhave* in the temtory
cf the subjects of Oreo. ^ convention afore-
herein '-SA? n of tweive months after notice shall
^e give"n as^bo^ptw^ by the President of the United
St Mr BOWL1N raised the point of order whether
this Lendment, being the same m subs ance as one
that had been voted down, could be receivea.
The CHAIR overruled the point of order.
Mr. A. Y. BROWN said that, believing as he did.
that this proposition greatly endangered the bill, he
called for tellers.
Mr. BURT asked his friend from Mississippi to
withdraw his amendment. Ho trusted he would
do so.
Mr. HAMMETT declined withdrawing it; when
tellers were ordered.
Messrs. Caldwell and Pollock were appointed
tellers, and they reported 79 in the affirmative and
77 in the negative. So the amendment was agreed
to.
Mr. GARRETT DAVIS then offered the follow-
ing as a substitute for the whole bill:
Strike out all alter the words ('be it" in the first line, and
insert—
"Resolved by the Senate and the House of the Representa-
tives of the United Stales of America £  Congras assem-
bled, That if the pending negotiation between the govern-
ments ol Gre.it Britain and the United Status in i-cMivn to
the territory on the Pacific ocean respectively claimed by
the two countries be not settled by tieaty on or before the
4th day of July, that the President be, and he is hereby, re-
quested to give the notice to the government of (treat Brit-
ain provided for by the 2d article of the convention between
the two governments, dated at London the 6th day of Au-
gust, 1B37, to annul and abrogate the convention by which
any country that may be claimed by either Great Britain or
the United States on the northwest coast of America west-
ward of the Stony mountains shall, together with its har-
bors, bays, and creeks, and the navigation of all rivers
within th* same, be free and open to the vessels, citizen*,
and subjects of the two powers."
This amendment was not agreed to—only 47
voting in favor of it.
The committee then rose, and reported the bill to
the House.
The SPEAKER stated the question to be on
agreeing- to the amendments of the committee.
Mr. DUNCAN moved that the bill be printed,
with the amendments; but, after a conversation in
■which several members took part, he withdrew that
motion, and moved the previous question, which
was seconded by the House.
Mr. CAVE JOHNSON again suggested that the
amendments should be printed.
A long conversation ensued as to the position
which 5ic bill would assume on Monday, if the
House should now adjourn.
Mr. CAVE JOHNSON moved an adjournment;
but, on being informed by the Speaker, that this bill
would not come up on Monday morning as unfin-
ished business, nor without a vote of two-thirds out
of its order, he withdrew that motion.
Mr. SUMMERS renewed it.
The yeas and nays were called for in various
- . A ' i 1,. — A \irnt4
quarters; and on ordering them, the vote was taken
bv Messrs. Grinnell and Burke, tellers, who re-
ported 42 in the affirmative; which was a sufficient
number.
Another conversation ensued,
And Mr. SUMMERS withdrew his motion.
The House then ordered the main question to be
now put. . . . .
The SPEAKER (in answer to a question) said,
if the House now adjourned, this bill would come
up first in order.
The House then adjourned.
The following notices of petitions presented to-
day, were handed to the reporters by the members
presenting them:
Bv Mr SIMONS: The petition of Levi Stuart and others,
electois fff Fairfield county, Connecticut, preying Congress
to frustrate the project for the annexation
BvMr. BLACKWELL: The petition ot William Brow n,
askintr pay lor certain land in the State of '1 ennessee.
Bv Mr RATH BUN: The petition off D Lane, and sev-
eral hundreds of others, inhabitants of Wayne and '- yuga
counties, for the improvement of the harbor at Little bo-
dus bay: refeired to the Committee on Foreign Ajtous
BvMr HAEI'KR: The petition of Qarmda Mix for a
psnsion: referred to the Committee oil Revoluticnaiy Ten-
sions.  
IN SENATE.
Monday, February 3, 1845.
The PRESIDENT pro tern, laid before the Sen-
ate a communication from the War Department,
transmitting an abstract of all the militia of all the
States and Territories, taken from the returns made,
to that department.
Also a communication from the War Department,
transmitting, in compliance with a resolution of the
Senate of the 29th ultimo, information of how many
officers of the revolution died in the service between
the 3d March, 1782, and the 3d November, 1783.
Also a communication from the Navy Depart-
( ment, transmitting a statement of the Second Comp-
troller, showing the appropriations for the naval ser-
vice for the fiscal year ending 30th June, 1844.
Mr. CHOATE presented a remonstrance from Jo-
seph Newell and others, of New Ipswich, in the
State of New Hampshire, against the annexation
of Texas to the United States.
Also a memorial from sundry women of. Boston,
protesting against the annexation of Texas to the
United States; and in case such annexation should
take place, to call a convention for the purpose of
taking immediate measures for the peaceable dissolu-
tion of the Union: referred to the Committee on For-
eign Relations.
Also presented a petition from Joel Boyd, and
other citizens of Essex, Massachusetts, praying
that that town may bo annexed to the commer-
cial district of Gloucester: referred to the Committee
on Commerce.
Also presented additional documents in relation
to the memorial of the American Board of Foreign
Missions; which was referred to the Oommittee on
Indian Affairs.
Also presented a petition from Elialcim Morse,
praying indemnity for French spoliations prior to
1800; which was ordered to lie on the table.
Mr. CHOATE remarked that ho would, under
instructions from the Committee or. Foreign Ref-
lations, move to proceed to the consideration of the
bill upon this subject, as soon as tho postage bill
was disposed of.
On motion by Mr. JOHNSON, leave was granted
to take from the files the memorial, and documents
accompanying, of the 1st municipality of New Or-
leans, concerning the title to the lanu on which the
custom-house stands in that municipality.
Mr. FAIRFIELD presented a petition from
John Wood, jr., and others, of Muino, praying for
the establishment of certain mail routes: referred to
the Committee on the Post Officc and Post Roads.
Also presented a petition from Ebenczer Ballard,
of Burden, York county, Maine, asking for a pen-
sion for services as seaman in the naval service of
the United States during the last war-, referred to
the Committee on Naval Affairs.
Mr. ATIIERTON presented a petition from Ilen-
rick Allien, praying ail extension of hia patent for
an improvement in the saw set, and for the refund-
ing of certain money paid by him into the patent
fund: referred to the Committee on Patents.
Mr. A SULKY presented a petition from James
Ervv'in, for himself und the heirs of Daniel Great-
house, deceased, praying remueration for losses un-
der u contract with the government for subsisting
the emigrating Indians: referred to the Committee
on Indian Affairs.
Mr. STURGEON presented a memoiial from a
number of citizens of Pennsylvania, praying that
the constitution may be so altered as to appropriate
the public lands, or some other fund, for the purpose
of effecting the abolition of slavery throughout the
Union.
The question of reception being raised, on mo-
tion of Mr. BEIUUEN, it was ordered to he on the
tabic. . ,
On motion of Mr. MOREHEAD, the petition of
the heirs of John Stone was ordered to be taken
from the files and committed.
Mr. M. presented a preamble and resolutions
adopted by the legislature of Kentucky, instructing
the senators, and requesting tho representatives, to
use all proper means to efteet a ieduction of the
rates of postage, and the curtailment of the franking
privilege: ordered to be printed.
Mr. DICKINSON piescnted aremonstiancc from
the county of Onondaga, New York, against the
annexation of Texas, unless slavery is abolished in
its territories: refened to the Committee on Foreign
Relations.
ANNEXATION OF CANADA.
Mr. DICKINSON presented a pelition from sun-
dry citizens of one of the States bordering on the
British possessions in North Ameiica, praying for
the annexation of the Canadas, in ease of the annex-
ation of the Mexican province called Texas.
Mr. D. said he did not sympathize very strongly
with the petitioners; but believing that no citizen of
the United States, or any State bordering on the
British possessions, would presume to tnfle with the
sacred right of petition, he thought it proper to pre-
sent the petition, that its prayer might have all the
consideration its importance deserved. He moved
its reference to the Committee on Foreign Relations.
Mr. PORTER preseuted a petition from Black
' Rock, Erie county, New York, on the subject of an
