CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
233
appropriation for the improvement of the Fox and
Wisconsin rivers: referred to the Committee on the
Public Lands,
ANNEXATION OF CANADA AGAIN.
Mr. PORTER presented a petition signed by a
number of citizens of Detroit on the subject of the
annexation of Texas, and in favor of the acquisi-
tion of Canada by purchase or otherwise, and pray-
ing that in any act, resolution, or otherwise, adopted
for the annexation of Texas, a provision may be
inserted as a condition precedent that the same shall
not take effect until Canada shall also be annexed to
the United Statgs.
Mr. PORTER said the subject was a new one,
and he believed the best way to perform his duty to
the memorialists was to have their memorial known
through their own language.
The memorial was read.
Mr. FOSTER raised the question of reception on
the memorial; and denounced it as a movement 011
the part of the memorialists to bring the subject of
annexation of Texas into odium and contempt by
ridicule. He spoke at considerable length against
this mode of interrupting the peace and harmony
existing between two friendly nations—the govern-
ment of Great Britain and that of the United States.
He felt that, in objecting to the reception of these
memorials, he was performing a sacred duty.
Mr. PORTER expressed his surprise that the
Senator from Tennessee had not objected to a sim-
ilar memorial which had just been presented by the
senator from New York [Mr. Dickinson.]
Mr. FOSTER replied that he was not in his seat
at the time, or he should have raised the same ques-
tion upon its reception.
Mr. PORTER proceeded in an argument of great
length to vindicate the memorialists from the reflec-
tions of the senator from Tennessee [Mr. Foster]
on the ground that if Texas should be annexed, the
South would have a vast preponderance of power,
and they, as citizens of the North, had a right to ex-
press their opinion that the interests of the JN orth
required the annexation of Canada as a balance.
Mr. MERRICK urged the impropriety of a des-
ultory discussion of this sort, on the question of
annexation, and moved to lay the whole subject on
the table; but withdrew the motion at the instance of
Mr.'.FOSTER, who replied to the remarks of
the senator from Michigan [Mr. Porter.] He, did_
not know why that gentleman should complain of
the necessity for a balancing power, when there
was land enough north of 36 degrees 30 minutes to
make twenty-four Suites. He referred to the Ter-
ritory of Oregon.
Mr. F. replied also to the objections which
had been urged against this measure of an-
nexation, on the grounds of slavery; and, in conclu-
sion, made a motion to lay the memorial on the
table.
The motion having been agreed to,
Mr. BERRIEN moved to lay the first memorial
—presented by the senator from New York, [Mr.
Dickinson]—on the table.
Which motion also prevailed.
Mr. DAYTON presented a memorial from the
theological seminary of Princeton, New Jersey,
praying a reduction of the rates of postage through-
out the United States to two cents on each letter,
and the abolition of the franking privilege: ordered
to lie on the table.
Also presented resolutions of the legislature of
New Jersey, instructing the senators from that State
to use their exertions to prevent the passage of the
resolution for the annexation of Texas to the United
States: read, and ordered to be printed.
Mr. DIX presented a petition fiom three hundred
and fifty citizens of Troy, New York, and a peti-
tion from Albany, New York, piaying that Texas
may not be annexed to the United States. Also a
petition from the Albany Liberty Association, pray-
ing that Texas may not be annexed to thS United
States; which were severally referred to the Com-
mittee on Foreign Relations.
Mr. BENTON presented a petition from John
Baldwin, a citizen of the United States, representing
himself to be entitled to indemnity under the con-
vention with Mexico, by which indemnity was
awarded to several citizens of the United States; that
the amount to which he was entitled was $57,000:
that he received a part thereof, and that the two last
instalments to which he was entitled had not been
paid by Mexico; and asks Congress to take the mat-
ter into consideration, and grant such relief as the
circumstances of the case will warrant: referred to
the Committee on Foreign Relations.
Mr. DIX presented a memorial from sundry citi-
zens of Albany, NewYork,praying that the proceeds
of the sales of the public lands may be distributed
among the gtates for the purposes of general educa-
tion: referred to the Committee on Public Lands.
Also, presented the memorial of the New York In-
stitution for the education of the deaf and dumb, pray-
ing that a copy of such books and other documents
as have been printed by order of Congrees, may be
given to them to be deposited in the library of the in-
stitution for the use of the public: referred to the
Committee on the Library.
LOUISIANA ON ANNEXATION.
Mr. JOHNSON presented resolutions adopted by
the legislature of Louisiana, expressing the delibe-
rate opinion of that body that a majority of the peo-
ple of .Louisiana are in favor of the immediate an-
nexation of Texas to the Umttd States by any
lawful and constitutional means.
Mr. JOHNSON said he deemed it proper to say
that he concurred with the views expressed by the
legislature of Louisiana in these resolutions. He
stated to seveial gentlemen, before he knew that the
legislature would act upon this subject, that, if the
question should be fanly presented, free from con-
stitutional objections, and free from the same objec-
tions that existed against the treaty which was re-
jected last summer, ho would vote for it. How far
the resolution, which had been adopted by the House
of Representatives, was free from these objections,
he was not prepared at this moment to say. That a
foreign territory could be acquired and incorporated
into this Union by a joint resolution of the two
Houses of Congress, he had very strong doubts.
When the subject should be presented by the Com-
mittee on Foreign Relations, to whom that resolu-
tion and other propositions relating to the same sub-
ject had been referred, lie would examine the ques-
tion, and go according to the best lights that they
might present.
Mr. BARROW said he did not know that his
honorable colleago, [Mr. Johnson,] when lie pre-
sented these resolutions, had intended making any
rcmaiks. He (Mr. B.) certainly had no desire to
make any now; but apprehending that either some
gentlemen here, or his constituents, might suppose
that he concurred in the opinion expressed by him,
he felt it due to himself to say now, as he had al-
ways said here and at home, that he was opposed to
annexation in every form, at any time, and under
any conceivable circumstances; and as long as he
should have the honor of holding a seat here,
and of being a senator from Louisiana, he should
vote against any proposition to annexTcxas to the
United States, let it assume what form it might.
As to the particular form now under the considera-
tion of the Committee on Foreign Relations, (the
joint resolution wluch had passed the House,) he
had no difficulty in making up his mind to op-
pose it and vote against it, if his feelings
were ever so much in favor of annexation, under
other circumstances. He should not, however, an-
ticipate discussion upon this resolution. It was his
intention, when the proper time should arrive, to
give, for the benefit of his own constituents, the
reasons why he of posed this particular measure,
and the reasons why he considered that annexation,
at any time, would not only prove highly detri-
mental to the whole South, but peculiarly destruc-
tive to the best interests of the State of Louisiana.
The people of Louisiana, through their representa-
tives in the legislature, had not said that this par-
ticular measure, which was now before the Senate,
and which had received the sanction of the other
house, met with their approbation. The resolutions
presented by his colleage were as broad as any sen-
ator could desire them to be. They left to the sen-
ators from Louisiana the privilege, which he would
claim, whether it was granted to him or not, of de-
ciding according to his best judgment what his duty
required of him, as a senator sworn to support the
constitution, and to decide for the people of the Uni-
ted States, as well as for the people of his own
State. The resolutions now before the Senate from
the legislature of that State, would, if he were in fa-
vor of annexation, and in favor of the particular
bill which had been sent here from the other House,
forbid him, according to his understanding of those
resolutions, to support the measure now before the
Senate, and about to receive its decision.
But there was a matter of opinion expressed by
the members of the legislature there as to the wish-
es of the people of Louisiana, in relation to this sub-
to ject. Now, he was willing to admit that the repre-
| sentatives of the people in the legislature,—just elect-
ed and fresh from the people,—were more competent
to decide that question he was—that is, as to the dis-
position or willingness of the people of Louisiana to
see Texas annexed in a lawful or constitutional way
to the United States. He had not been thirty days
within the limits of Louisiana since this great
scheme of annexing a foreign country to this gov-
ernment was proposed to the American people; and
therefore it would be presumption in him to set up
his opinion as to the wishes of the people of Louisi-
ana, against the opinion of their immediate repre-
sentatives-in the legislature, who had mingled with
all the people, in every section of the State, and, of
course, better understood the wishes of- the people
in that State than he did in relation to the abstract
proposition of annexation. He had not believed,
until he received these resolutions, and found that
they had been supported by a very large majority
of the legislature, that the people of Louisiana did
desire the annexation ofTexas to this Union. He
certainly had not inferred it,front the result of the
late presidential election in that State; because he
knew'full well that that election had been car-
ried by the most infamous frauds. He knew
full well that if there was any legal mode
of purging the poll of that State, it would be found
that a majority of the people of Louisiana had .
passed their suffrages in favor of Henry Clay. He
had good reason to believe that this fact would soon
be established; for he was glad to say that the legis-
lature of Louisiana had undertaken to go into a la-
borious investigation of this mutter, for the purpose
of showing to the citizens of Louisiana, and to the
American public, the infamous and disgraceful
means that were used by the democratic party, or a
portion of the leaders of that party, in the State ofx
Louisiana, to carry the vote of that State in favor of
James K. Polk. He awaited the result of that in-
vestigation with a full confidence that the facts
which would be judicially established would sustain
him in the assertion that, however it might have
been in the other States, in the State of Louisiana
at least, Mr. Clay was cheated—villanously cheated
out of the electoral vote of that State.
Mr. JOHNSON observed that this was not the
time to enter into a discussion upon this subject, or
to say anything more upon it. He moved that the
resolutions be printed, and referred to the Commit-
tee 011 Foreign Relations.
The reference was ordered.
Mr. BUCHANAN presented a memorial from
suutlry citizens of Erie county, Pennsylvania, ask-
ing Congiess to reducc the price of the public lands
to fifty cents per acre, and to prevent the sales
thereof to an y except actual settlers: referred to the
Committee on Public Lands.
Mr. BAYARD presented a memorial from the
officers of the frigate Cumberland, praying that the
spirit ration may be abolished, and an equivalent
made to them monthly in money: referred to the
Committee on Naval Affairs.
Mr. BERRIEN, from the Committee on the Ju-
diciary, reported a bill for the relief of John P.
Skinner, and the legal repiesentatives of Isaac
Green; which was read, and ordered to a second
reading.
Also, reported back, with an amendment, the bill
to extend the jurisdiction of the courts of Wiscon-
sin and Iowa, over offences committed in the Indian
territory within their borders.
Also, reported back, with an amendment, the
bill providing for appeals in cases of bankruptcy;
and,
On his motion, the Committee on the Judiciary
was discharged from the further consideiation ofthe
memorial of the citizens of Ohio, "praying for the
removal of the United States courts from Columbus
to Cincinnati.
Mr. HUNTINGTON presented a communica-
tion received from the Secretary of the Treasury
on the subject of an additional inspector at the poit
of New Orleans.
Mr. BATES, from the Committee on Pensions,
made an adverse report on the bill for the relief of
John Woolley; which was ordered to be printed.
Mr. MOR.EHEAD, on leave, introduced a bill to
amend the joint resolution, approved 15th June,
1844, in relation to collecting, arranging, and classi-
fying statistical information; which was read twice,
and referred to the Committee on Finance.
THE VOTES FOR PRESIDENT AND VICE
PRESIDENT.
On motion by Mr. WALKER, it was
Resaleed, That a committee of three be appointed to join
