236
CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
Mr. A. V. BROWN moved the previous ques-
tion, which was seconded by the House.
The question on ordering the main question
arising—
.Tellers were demanded; and Messrs. Burkf. and
Wethered were appointed; and they reported 83
to the affirmative, ana 78 in the negative.
Mr. G. W. JONES demanded the yeas and nays;
and they were ordered.
The bill was read at the request of several mem-
bers; after which, the yeas and nays were taken, and
resulted thus: yeas 101, nays 87.
The question then recurred on the third reading;
which was ordered.
Mr. G. W. JONES asked for the reading of the
act of the Virginia legislature to which this act pro-
posed to give the assent of Congress.
The Clerk read it accordingly.
Mr. BAYLY desired the clerk to read two reso-
lutions of the legislature of Maryland in relation to
this subject; which were read accordingly.
Mr. fSELSER desired to offer an amendment to
the bill.
Mr. J. W. DAVIS inquired if the bill had not
been read a second and third time; and whether the
previous question was not on the passage of the
bill?
The SPEAKER replied in the affirmative.
Mr. DAVIS said he believed it was in order to
move to recommit the bill with instructions. He
made such a motion, with the instructions to insert
the words, "in any way whatever," as a substitute
for the words "beyond their interest in the stock of
said company." His object was to make the bill
provide that it should not bind the United States not
only beyond their interest in the stock, but not in
any way whatever.
Mr. BELSER submitted his amendment; and it
was agreed to. His amendment provided, in addi-
tion, tnat the United States should not be bound
"for the payment of any money which may hereaf-
ter be loaned for carrying on said work, nor any
contracts which may be entered into with any indi-
vidual having in view the same object."
The question then recurred on the motion to re-
commit with instructions.
Mr. J. P. KENNEDY said the friends of the bill
had no objections to admit the words as an amend-
ment, which the gentleman from Indiana proposed
as an instruction to the committee; he hoped, there-
fore, the motion to recommit would be withdrawn.
Mr. J. W. DAVIS refused to withdraw his mo-
tion.
Mr. J. STEWART moved the previous ques-
tion.
Mr. HOPKINS inquired if that amendment would
not cut off the motion to recommit.
The SPEAKER replied that it would, and bring
the House to a direct vote on the passage of the
bill.
The demand for the previous question was sec-
onded—ayes 87, noes 81; thus cutting off the motion
to recommit.
The main question was ordered, being on the pas-
sage of the bill.
Mr. BELSER asked the unanimous consent of
the House and committee to offer his amendment.
Mr. WETHERED wished it understood that the
friends of the bill did not object to the amendment of
the gentleman.
Objections were made, however, ana the amend-
ment was not received. _
The question was taken, and decided in the affirm-
ative—yeas 105, nays 85, as follows:
YEAS—Messrs. Abbot, Adams, Atkinson, Baker, Bar-
ringer, Barnard, Bayly, Bidlack, James Black, Brengle,
Brodhead, Milton Brown, Buffington, CanipbeU, (CanoU,
Cousin, Augustus A. Chapman, Chappell, Chilton, Clinch,
Clinerman, Coles, Cranston, Cross, Dana, Darragh, Gar-
rett Davis, Deberry, Dellet, Dickey, Douglass, Mis,
Elmer, Fish, Florence, Foot, Foster, 1' ullcr, Giddmgs,
Goggin, Grinnell, Grider, Hardin, Harper Hays, Henley,
Hudson, Washington Hunt, Charles J. Ingersoll, Irvin,
Jenks, Perley B.Johnson, John P. Kennedy, Dimiel P. King,
Kirkpktrick, Leonard, Lucas, Lyon, McClelland, McDowell,
Mcllvaine, Marsh, Edward Joy Morris, Joseph Morris,
Freeman H. Morse, Isaac E. Morse, Moseley, Newton, Pater-
son Pettit, Peyton, Phosnix, Pollock, Elisha It. P°tt5!r' Pre®"
ton Ramsey, Rockwell, Rodney, Rogers, Sample, Schenck,
Sente? Severance, Albert Smith, Cafeb B. Smith Steenrod,
SteDhe'ns Andrew Stewart, Summers, Sykes, Taylor, Thom-
viKhotf.1 Tilden Tyler, Vance, Vanmeter. Vinton,
S^Ventwo™'«rea, John'White, Winthrop,
William Wright, and Joseph A. Wright—105.
NAYS—Messrs. Anderson, Arrington, Bel®"\B£"'°£'
Edward J. Black, Blackwell, Bower Brrnk-
erhoff. Aaron V. Brown, Burke, Burt, Caldwell, Carpenter,
Jeremiah E. Gary, Saepherd Cary, Reuben Obaprnan^Clin-
Cullom, Daniel, Richard D.,Davis John W Da-
vis, Dean, Dillingham, Duncan, Dunlap, Farlee, Ficklin,
French, Byram Green, Hannibal Hamlin, Hammett, Haral-
son, Ilernck, Hoge. Hopkins, Houston, Hubard, Hubbell,
Hungerford, James B. Hunt, Jameson, Cave Johnson, An-
drew Johnson, George W. Jones, Andrew Kennedy Preston
King, Labranche, Lumpkin, McCauslen, Maclay, McCon-
nell, McKay, Mathews, Murphy, Norris, Parmcnter, Pavne
Emery D. Potter, Rathbun, David S. Reid, Redin^ Rolfe'
Ritter, Roberts, Russell, St. John, Thomas H. Seymour'
David L Seymour, Simons, Slidell, Stetbon, John Stewart'
Stiles, Alfred P.Stone, Strong, Tucker, Wheaton, Benja-
min White, Williams, Woodward, Yancey, and Yost—86.
Sa the bill was passed.
Mr. THOMPSON called for the orders of tho
day.
TERRITORIAL GOVERNMENT FOR OREGON.
The bill "to organize a territorial government in
the Territory of Oregon, and for other purposes,"
came up as the first Business before the House.
The mam question having been ordered on Sat-
urday,
The question was now on agreeing to the several
amendments proposed by the Committee of the
Whole on the state of the Union.
Mr. PETTIT moved a call of the House.
The SPEAKER said it was not in order, the pre-
vious question having been ordered.
A division of the question was asked, so as to
vote on the several amendments separately.
Mr. A. V. BROWN suggested that the question
be taken upon all except the last amendment, upon
which only, he supposed, gentlemen would wish to
vote separately.
Mr. CAMPBELL wished the question taken
on the amendment to the 8th section, containing the
prohibition of slavery. He warned the friends of
the bill to beware how they agreed to incorporate
this proviso in the bill.
The question was taken on the first amendment
to the bill to strike out in the first section the word
"nine," so as to make 54 degrees 40 minutes, in-
stead of 54 degrees 49 minutes, the northern bound-
ary. The amendment was agreed to without a
division.
The next amendment, being that adopted by the
Committee on motion of Mr. Wis&nuor, added to
the 6th section the following proviso:
"Pi ovided, hou°tver„ That there shall neither bo slavery
norinvnluntary servitude in tho said territory, otherwise
than m the punishment of crimes! whereof the party shall
have been duly convicted."
Mr. BELSER asked the yeas and nays on the
question of concurrence with this amendment,
which were ordered; and, being taken, resulted—
yeas 131, nays 69, as follows:
YEAS—Messrs Abbot, Adams, Anderson, Baker, Br-
nard, Benton, Bidlaek, James Black, Brengle, Bimkerlioir,
Brodhead, Bufflngton, Burke, Carpenter, J E. Cary, Carroll,
Catlin, Clinton, Collamer, Cianston, Dana, Parragli,
Richard D. Davis, John W. Davis, Dean, Dickey, Dilling-
per, Hays, Henley, Herrick, Hoge, Hubbell, Hudson, Hun-
geiford, Washington Hunt. James B.Hunt, Joseph R. Inger-
soll, Irvin, Jenks, Perley B. Johnson, Andrew Kennedy,
John P. Kennedy, Preston King, Daniel r.Knig.Kiikpatnck,
Leonard, Lyon, McCauslen, Maclay, McClelland, McCler-
nand, McDowell, Mcllvaine, Marsh, Mathews, Edward J.
Morris, Joseph Morris, Freeman H. Morse, Mosely, Murphy,
Norris, Owen, Parmcnter, Paterson, Pettit, Phaniix, Pollock,
Elisha R. Potter, Emery D. Potter, Ramsey, Rathbun,
Reding, Ritter, Robinson, Rockwell, Rodney, Rogeis.
St. John, • Sample, Sclienck, Severance, T. H. Seymour,
David L. Seymour, Simons, Albert Smith, Thomas
Smith, Caleb B. Smith, Robert Smith, Stetson, Andrew
Stewart, John Stewart, Alfred P Stone, Strong, S)kes,
Thomasson, Tilden, Tyler, Vance, Vamnetei, Vinton,
Weller, Wentworth, Wheaton, John White, Benjamin
White, Williams,'Wintluop, William Wiight, Joseph
Wright, and Yost—131.
NAYS—Messrs. Atkinson, Barnnger, Belser, Edward
J Black, James A Black, Blackwell, Bower, Bovvlin,
Aaron V. Brown, Milton Brown, William J. Brown, Burt,
Caldwell, Campbell, Causin, Reuben Chapman, Augustus
A. Chapman, Chappell, Clinton, Clinch, Clmgman, Cobb,
Coles, Cross, Cullom, Daniel, Garrett Davis, Deberry,
Dellet, French, Goggin, Ilammett, Haralson, Houston,
Hubard, Hughes, Charles J. Ingertoll, Jameson, Ca\e
Johnson, Andrew Johnson, George W. Jones, Labranche,
Lucas, Lumpkin, McConnell, McKay, Isaac K Morse,
Newton, Payne, Peyton, David S. Reid, Relfe, Bhctt,
Roberts, Russell, Senter, Simpson, Slidell, Steenrod,
Stephens, Stiles, James W. Stone, Summers Taylor,
Thompson, Tibbatts, Tucker, Woodward and Yancey-
69.
So the amendment was agreed to.
The amendment providing that the courts of the
Territory shall deliver over any British subject that
may be arrested to the nearest British tribunal, was
agreed to without a division.
The question was next taken on the amendment
providing that any future grants of land in said
Territory shall be subject to the settlement of apy
dispute n®w pending between the United States and
Great Britain, and the extinguishment of the indiail
title, and was also agreed to.
The amendment providing that nothing in the act
shall be so construed as to close pr obstruct any of
the harbors, bays, and rivers within said Territory
against the vessels and subjects of Great Britain,
agreeably to the provisions of the third article of
the convention of 1818,xmtil the termination of said
stipulation of said convention, was also agreed to.
The question was then put on the amendment in-
troduced by Mr. Hammett as the forty-third sec-
tion, as follows:
Sec. 43. Re ilfmtker enttetcd, That tile Presidfent of the
United States be, and he is hereby, required to cause duo
notice to be given to the British government of the desire
and intention of the government of the United States to an-
nul and abrogate the "convention with Great Britain rela-
tive to territory on the northwest coast of America "con-
cluded August6th, agreeably to the provisions or tho
second article of that convention: Provided, That nbtbing
in this act contained shall be s<J construed or carried into
ell'ect by any of the officers or chitons of ihe United
States, as to interfere in any way with any right which any
oftho subjects of Great Britain may have in the territory
herein mentioned, as provided for in the convention afore-
said, until the expiration of twelve months after notice shall
be given as above provided, by the President of the United
States.
Mr. DUNCAN calicd for the yeas and nays;
which were ordered; and, being taken, resulted—
yeas 121, nays 82, as follows:
YEAS—Mos8ib. Abbot, Adarts, Anderson, Afihes Atkirt-
son, Baker, Barririgbr, Barnard, Belser, Benton, Brongle,
Brinkerhotf, Milton Brown, Buftington, Carpenter, Jere-
miah E. Gary, S. Cary, Carroll, Catlin, Causin, Clinch,
CLingman, Collamer, Clinton, Cullom, Dana, Darragh, Gar-
rett Davis, Deberry, Dellet, Dickey, Dillingham, Douglass,
Dunlap, Kllis, Elmer, Farlee, Fish, Florence, Foot, Fuller,
(riddings, Goggin, IJyram Green, Grider, Hannibal Hamlin,
Hammett, Haruison, Hardin, Harper, Horrick, Hoge, Hud-
son, Hungerford, Washington Ilunt, James 11. Hunt,
Charles J. Ingersoll, Joseph 11. Ingersoll, Irvin, Jenks,
F. B. Johnsou, Andrew Johnson, J. P. Kennedy, Preston
King, D. P. King, Kirkpatribkj Lbdnaril, Ma^la^, McllVaine,
McKdy, Marsh, Edward J. Morris, Freeman 11. Morse,
Mosely, Murphy, Newton, Norris, Paterson, Peyton,
Phcenix, Pollock, Elisha R Potter, Picston, RamseV,
llathbun, David 8. Reid, Reding, llebinson, Bock well,
Rodney, Holers, Russ oll, Sample, Schenck, Senter, Sev-
erance, David L. Seymour, Slidell, Albert Smith, Calbb
B. Smith, Stephens, Stetson, Andrew Stewart, Stiles,
Strong, Summers, Sykes, Taylor, Thomasson, Tyler,
"Vancr, VumniUer, Vmtou, Wetheied, Wheaton, Benjamin
White, Williams, William Wright, and Yost—lSl.
NAYS—Messrs. Arlington, Bayly, Bidlack, Edward J.
Bluck, James Hlaclc, James A. Black, Blackwell, Bowho,
Boyd, Brodhcad, Aaron V. Brown, William J. Brown,
Burke, Bmt, Caldwell, Campbell, Reuben Chapman, Au-
gustus A. Chapman, Chappell, Cobb, Coles, Cross, Daniel,
Richard 1>. Davis, John W. Davis, Dean, Duncan, Ficklm,
Foster, French, (Jiinnell, Henley, Hopkins, Houston,
Hubard, Hubbell, Hughes, Jameson, Andrew Kennedy,
Labranche, Lucas, Lumpkin, Lyon, McCauslen, McClel-
land, McClcroand, McComioll, McDowell, Mathews, Jo-
seph Morris, Isaac E. Morse, Owen, Parmenter. Payne,
Pettit, Emery D. Potter, Relfe, Rhctt, Hitter, Roberts,
St. John, Thomas H. Seymour, Simons, Simpson, Thomas
Smith, Robert Smith, Steenrod, John Stewart, James W.
Stone, Alfred P. Stone, Thompson, Tibbatts, Tucker,
W<-i!cr, Wentworth, John White, Winthrop, Woodward,
Joseph A Wright, and Yancey—Si
Mr. GOGGIN asked and obtained permission to
change his vote on the amendment to the 6th sec
tion, he having voted under a mistake.
The question recurred on the engrossment of the
bill for a third reading, which was agreed to; and
the bill was read accordingly.
On the question of its passage, Mr. JAMESON
moved the previous question; winch was sustained
by the House.
The yeas and nays were called for and ordered on
the passage of the bill; and being ordered, they re-
sulted—yeas 140, nays 59—as follows:
YEAS—Messrs Anderson, Arrington, Atkinson, Belser,
Benton, Bidlaek, E. J. Black, James Black, James A Black,
Blackwell, Bower, Bowlin, Boyd, Bnnkerhoft, Brodhead,
Aaron V. Brown, William J. Brown, Bufiinglon, Burke,
Burt, Caldwell, Carpenter, Jciemiah E. Cary,' Shepard
Cary, Catlin, Chappell, Clinton, Cobb, Cullom, Dana, Dan-
iel, Darragh, John W. Davis, Dean, Dellet, Dickey, Dilling-
ham, Douglass, Duncan, Dunlap, Ellis, Elmei\ Farlee,
Ficklin, Florence, Foster, French, Fuller, Byram Green,
Grider, Hannibal Hamlin, Hammett, Haralson, Hardin,
Henley, Horrick, Hoge, Hopkins, Houston, Hubard, Hub-
bell, Hughes, Hungerford, J. B. Hunt, C. J. Ingersoll, Irvin,
Jameson, Cave Johnson, Perley B Johnson, Andrew John-
son, A. Kennedy, Preston King, Kirkpatnck, Labranche,
Leonard, Lucas, Lumpkin, Lyon, McCauslen, Maclay, Mc-
Clelland, McClemand, McConnell, McDowell, McKay,
Mathews, Joseph Morris, Isaac E.Morse, Murphy, Norris,
Owen, Parmenter, Payne, Pettit, Pollock, Emery D. Potter,
Pratt, Ramsay, Rathbun, David S. Reid, Reding, Relfe,
Rhett, Ritter, Roberts, Robinson, Rogers, Russell, St, John,
Sample, Schenck, Thomas II. Seymour, David L Seymour,
Simons, Simpson, Slidell, Thomas Smith, Robert Smith,
Steenrod, Stetson, Jonh Stewart, Stiles, James W. Stone, Al-
Ired P. Stone, Strong, Sykes, Taylor, Tibbatts, Tucker.
Vanmeter, Weller, Wentworth, Wethered, Wheaton, Ben-
jamin White, Williams, Woodward, Joseph A. Wiight, Yan-
cey, and Yost—140. ^ ..
NAYS—Messrs. Abbot, Adams, Ashe, Baker, Barrwger,
