CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
23 S
facilities of that kind. He did not desire to
cut off any of the facilities which the pub-
lic enjoyed; but he still believed that there was
room for curtailment in the expense of trans-
porting the mails. Somewhere from five to
six thousand dollars was given for the transport-
ation of the mail in his own State. He knew that
the stage establishment there, even without the aid
of the maiHransportation, was immensely profitable;
and he knew that if the proprietors of that establish-
ment were told that they were to have only one-
third what they now get from the department, they
woiild be found very willing to take that sum. In
these days of retrenchment and economy, when there
was a committee in this body for economizing the
public expenditures, he was desirous that the enor-
mous expenditures of this department should be re-
duced—not by depriving the public of any of the
facilities which they now enjoy, but by reducing
the compensation allowed to 'these mail contractors
to a reasonable compensation for their services.
There was scarcely a mail contractor within his
knowledge who had not grown rich out of this fund.
He had seen men commencing upon the front seat
of a stage, at the rate of $10 or §12 a month, who
were now rich from mail contracts. There was not
an instance within his knowledge of a mail contract-
or who had an extensive contract, who had not
grown rich from the profits accorded to him by the
post office laws. His reason for resisting this
amendment was, that if it should be adopted, it
would destroy at once his purpose—economy in (he
expenditures of this department. How could the
department be compelled to economize, while the same
a guaranty is held out to it, that whether its ex-
penses be more or less, the deficiency in revenue shall
be supplied out of the public treasury? How econ-
omize in this department, and talk of making it stand
upon its own footing, while, at the same time, it is
told to go on—go on increasing and extending its
expenses—go on expending enormous sums for the
transportations of the mails? He intended to reflect
upon no man who had been at the head of the de-
partment. But it would never do to say to the de-
partment, Go on; and if, in the end, you cannot sus-
tain yourself, the public treasury will help you.
He wished to bring the expenditures of the depart-
ment down to the present condition of things. The
rates of postage were high. They were reasonable,
as he had already said, when they were established;
but they had now become the subject of univer-
sal complaint. Let them be reduced. He was
willing they should be reduced; but he was not
willing to offer a guaranty to the department that
it would be sustained in all its expenditures. He
hoped this provision would not be adopted, believ-
ing that, if it should be adopted, there would re-
main no reasonable hope of a reduction in the ex-
penditures of the Post Office Department.
Mr. ASHLEY said he had not expected much
debate when he offered this amendment. He
thought it was a reasonable proposition, not calcu-
lated to excite debate. He begged leave to refer the
Senate to one single consideration. Under the
post office laws, as they now exist, the average let-
ter postage is 15 cents. In the present bill, the
average is 7£ cents. The least sum to which the
expenditures of the department could be reduced
under the existing post office system, was four mil-
lions and a half. The system, as modified in the
bill, would yield a revenue of two millions and a
half, provided there was no increase in the number
of letters. The addition of $750,000 added to that
sum would make $3,150,000, which left a consider-
able balance to be made up by the increased trans-
portation of mailable matter. W hat was the argu-
ment used against the proposition which he had
submitted' The post office system of Great Britain
was referred to. Their penny system had increased
the mailable matter from seventy-five millions to two
hundred and thirteen millions. But the gentleman
who used this argument seemed to forgot that the
whole system in England was placed upon a differ-
ent footing. There, every piece of paper that
goes through the mail goes upon the same footing;
but here, it was altogether different; yet he appre-
hended no gentleman would be willing to adopt that
system. It' the bill should be passed as it now
stands, the Postmaster General would be compelled
to curtail the expenses of the department, and this
curtailment would fall upon the sparsely settled por-
tions of the country. He believed this to be very
wrong in principle. This government grew out of
the intelligence of the people. It stands upon the
intelligence of the country; and the only manner in
which its existence could be endangered now was,
by endangering the facilities of communication upon
which its rests. He did not believe himself that it
was indispensable that the Post Office Department
should sustain itself. It was in the original organ-
ization of the government, when we were poor, that
it was actually necessary it should raise its own
revenue. That necessity did not now exist. He
believed that, if the mail system was so changed as.
to afford a free circulation of intelligence throughout
the whole country, it would be doing more towards
the preservation and prosperity of this country than
all the military posts and fortifications throughout
the United States. The danger was not altogether
from foreign aggression; it was among ourselves;
and it could only be avoided by disseminating in-
telligence throughout the country. He had heard
gentlemen complain of the transmission of political
party matter through the mails. He had no objec-
tion to that. Insteed of its being an abuse, he
looked upon it as one of the best things that could
possibly be done. Let both sides of the question
be disseminated throughout the country. If false-
hoods are circulated, the people are capable of judg-
ing, and will return their verdict accoidingly. But
to go back to ins original proposition. His only
object was to guard against the possibility of having
the burden of expense thrown upon the thinly pop-
ulated portions of the country. He could not see
that there would be a much greater deficiency than
$750,000; but it was wrong in principle to urge that
it would be so, because it was so in Great Britain.
The argument would hold good if every paper that
was transmitted through the mail was charged at the
same rate as letters. It would be true that
the increase of revenue would be as great here
as in Great Britain. But wc did not go upon
that principle here. We have our newspa-
pers to carry, which is by far more expensive
and burdensome, and less profitable than letters.
The postage upon these paid but very little of the
sum.
There was another point—a very singular pro-
vision of this bill in the second section. The ob-
ject of the bill is to reduce postage. That was the
subject of complaint; but whatdoes the bill do here?
Instead of reducing postage, they have made almost
all newspapers free over three-quarters of the United
Slates, and left the other portions to pay the post-
age which they now pay. The provision says
nothing shall be charged upon newspapers under
thirty miles. What is the effect of that? and how
does it affect lus portion of the country? It is an
encouragement to the domestic manufacturer);
public sentiment; but, in Ins part of the country,
where the greatest circulation of the newspapers
was over the whole State, they aie to be charged the
same postage which they now pay. This exclu-
sive privilege given to three-quarters of the country
should be stricken out. He was opposed to any
urrangsmcnt of that kind, which afforded a privi-
lege to some portions of the countiy, and operated
to the detriment of others,
lie was not solicitous about the particular form
of his amendment. He had never consented to
throw n burden upon the treasury; and he did not
make the amendment with that view. Yet he would
be quite willing that theie should be nothing
charged upon any printed matter transmitted
through the mails. He would be wdling to make it
all free. He would give to every reading man in
the country the means of getting this matter free of
expense.
But he submitted the proposition without further
remark.
The question was then taken on the amendment,
and it was adopted.
Mr. NILES moved to amend the bill by insert-
ing immediately after the 22d section, at the end, ail
additional section, providing (in substance) that the
Postmaster General moke a classification of the
railroad and steamboat ro&tes by which it is
necessary or desirabls to transmit the mail, and to
make special contracts with the proprietors, so that
the department shall not pay more for the transport-
ation of the mail over the first class of routes of that
description than $200 per mile; nor more than $100
per mile on the second class; nor more than $50 per
mile on the third class.
Mr. jNT. explained the importance and necessity
for this amendment.
It was adopted.
On motion of Mr. HUNTINGTON (with a ver-
bal amendment suggested by Mr. Jarn«;in,) the 6th
section, thirty-fourth line, was amended so as to re-
quire of deputy postmasters the verification on oath
of their accounts of postage paid on official business.
Mr. BAGBY moved to amend- the bill by insert-
ing a provision, that, in cases where the compensa-
tion of deputy postmasters may be affected by the
diminution of the commission which constitutes
their pay, the same allowance be made to them for
the year 1845 which they received in 1844.
Mr. MERRICK suggested that the amendment
should be offered to the sixth section.
Mr. BAGBY had no objection. His object was
to save those postmasiers who have made their ar-
rangements for the present year, from losses which
they may incur by the operation of this bill.
The amendment was rejected.
Mr. BENTON rose to 'offer an amendment. He
had been attentive to the discussion on this bill, and
after all he had heard he was satisfied there should
be no supervision of the department in relation to
how many pieces of paper a letter contained. The
plainest and simplest arrangement was that adopted
in the British penny postage—a fixed rate for every
half ounce of weight, not regarding the number of
pieces of paper contained within the letter. Al-
though he was aware the Senate had already given
a vote on that point, he wished to offer the amend-
ment which he sent to the chair.
Mr. MERRICK explained that the bill was yet
in committee, where it would not be in order to re-
new an amendment already decided upon; but if the
senator from Missouri would postpone his amend-
ment until the bill was reported back to the Senate,
it would be in order after the amendments made in
committee should be disposed of.
Mr. BENTON remarked that he would withhold
the amendment till the bill was reported.
The bill was then repotted back to the Senate,
with the several amendments adopted, the question
being on concurring in those amendments.
Mr. MERRICK said he presumed the Senate
would concur in all the verbal and other amendments
not affecting the main provisions, without a sub-
division of the question as to each; but the amend-
ment respecting the 9th section, «nd the amendments
of the senator of from Connecticut [Mr. Hunting-
ton] to the 10th section, would require a division.
He should therefore move the Senate to concur in
all the amendments made in committee of the whole
except those to the 9th and 10th sections.
The amendments (with those exceptions) were ac-
cordingly concurred in.
Mr. MERRICK said the question now first in or-
der was on concurring with the amendment of the
committee of the whole, as to striking out the 9th
section, (that which grants five free covers for mail
matter not exceeding two ounces each, to every
member of Congress and delegate from a Territory
daily during each session of Congress.)
Mr. ATHERTON understood it was intended to
amend this section before the question was taken on
striking it out.
Mr. MERRICK explained that the question was
on concurring with the committee of the whole on
the amendment to strike out the section.
The CHAIR stated that it would be in order to
amend the section before the question to strike out
was taken.
Mr. MERRICK, in that case, moved to strike out
the word stamp, which seemed so offensive to many
gentlemen, and let the word envelope remain.
Mr. WOODBURY suggested that the word frank
m place of stamp would meet the senator's object.
Mr. MERRICK accepted the suggestion, and
shaped his amendment accordingly.
Mr BAGBY had not been contending against
words; it was the principle involved in this thing of
suing to an official at the head of a department for
leave on the part of the representative to have a fVee
correspondence with his constituents. It was the
principle he objeeted to. He had as great an ab-
horrence for the word stamp as any one; but wheth-
er the word was changed to frank or envelope, the
principle against which he contended still remained.
The amendments proposed by Mr. Merrick
were then adopfed.
Mr. SIMMONS now moved to amend the sec-
tion by striking out all after the words shall be in
the sixth line, and inserting, allowed to frank their own
letters and speeches, not exceeding two ounces under each
envelope. This he considered a sufficient limitation
of the franking privilege to members of Congress;
and it was a privilege which it was essential to their
constituents that they should retain.
Mr. WOODBURY suggested that the object
would be accomplished in the 8th section, by in-
