congressional globe.
PUBLISHED BY BLAIR AND RIVES, AT ONE DOLLAR PER SESSION, IN ADYANCE.
•28th Cong 2i> Sess.
THURSDAY, FEBRUARY 6,. 1845.
Volume 14....No. 16.
[Continued from No. 15.] s
the market and unsold during a period of twenty
years, that they should be sold, in like manner, at
the psicc of seventy-five cents per acre; and that
when they had been in the market and unsold dur-
ing a period of thirty years, they should be sold in
like manner, at the price of fifty cents per acre.
His amendment provided further, however, that in
cases of sale at these reduced rates, no patent should
issue for the land, nor should the purchase be in any
manner confirmed, until the purchaser had actually
occupied the land during a term of at least three
years. His position at home had made him fa-
miliar with the evils which were unavoidable, when
any considerable portion of the lauds of a State were
exempted from taxation, and kept out of settlement
by remaining the property of the government. This
was the condition of things in his own State, and
Maine had beenkept in colonial bondage to Massa-
chusetts almost as long as Rhode Island had occu-
pied the same relation with Great Bntdin. There
was this difference, however, between Maine and
its sister colony of Rhode Island. The citizens of
Maine—her Mclntyres, her Bakers, and her Greclys
—had been imprisoned in British jails, when they
had denied the old proprietary title; while the Laud
Company of Piovidence Plantations, more libeial,
and better liege subjects of the mother country, had
themselves provided prisons for such of their citi-
zens—their Dorrs and their Luthers—as had dared
to deny the supremacy of a royal charter over jus-
tice and the will of thcfpeople. One of the gieat
hardships which had resulted from the colonial po-
sition of Mame, was the extensive grants of lands
within her limits to religious, charitable, and educa-
tional societies, forever exempted from taxation,
while remaining the property of sach societies; to-
gether, also, with the large quantity of lands still
held by the government of Massachusetts, and like-
wise exempted from taxation. The pioneeis of
Mame had suffered, and still suffer, 111 re-
spect to these lands, all the disadvantages
complained of by the pioneers of the western
States, m reference to the public lands of the Uni-
ted States. They find themselves obliged to open
loads, establish schools, and bear all the burdens of
local police and government, and thereby make
maikctable, and enhance the value of, lands belong-
ing to the government, or held by non-tax-paynig
grantees. "These are the evils of which the jnon-
Leis ot Maine justly complain. They formed a
large part of Ins'own constituents, and he therefore
better understood their grievances, and felt more
sympathy for them. The hardships suffered by the
noble pioneers of the West were identical in char-
acter, and veiy similar in degree, with those com-
plained of by his own constituents. These hard-
ships he was now ready to take just measures to re-
lieve, as well from considerations of public pol-
icy as from feelings of good will towards the in-
dustrious and enterprising men who subdued the
wilderness and endured the privations ot a frontier
hfc.
As to lands within her limits owned by Massa-
chusetts, or non-tax paying grantees, Maine could
do nothing to relieve the hardships of her people.
As to lands owned by herself, she could afford re-
lief, and had done so. She had confined the sale of
all such lands as were fit for settlement, strictly to
actual settlers, and at a scale of prices ranging irom
fifty cents to one dollar and fifty cents per acre.
Three-fourths of this price she allowed to be paid m
labor upon roads for the benefit of the settlers them-
selves; so that the price which she really received
only ranged from twelve and a half to thirty-seven
and a half cents per acre. This was the iibt ral code
under which Maine was disposing of her settling
lands. It had received the sanction of both political
parties, and had worked well in practice. He wished
to see a system similar in principle applied to the
public domain of the United States.
Mr. C. would add, in reference to the land sys-
tem of Maine, that no titles were perfected except
by four years' actual occupation, accompanied by
certain required improvements. This has been
found to effect a prohibition of speculation in the
settling lands of Maine, while no other system has
accomplished that object.
Gentlemen representing older communities, m
which all the lands were in private hands, would
not readily realize the disadvantages of the condi-
tion of things in the western States. Let them sap-
pose, however, that every alternate farm in their
own towns, was public propcity and exempt from
taxation, thereby duplicating the burdens of those
who paid taxes, kept roads in repair, and maintain-
ed schools. This supposed case was actually the
case in point of principle, in all the western States,
and in portions of many of them, was even inoie
aggiavaied in degree. It was not wonderlul that
they complained.
Mr._ C. here called for the reading of a memorial
from certain citizens of Augusta, Maine, in which
it was set forth, that in consequence of the in-
creased use and improvements of machinery,
aided by the monopolizing influences of capital,
the condition of the laboring classes in
the populous towns had been rendered such as to
appeal to the favorable consideration of the govern-
ment, and in which it was suggested that the gov-
ernment, as a means of relief, should grant its lands
to actual settlers free of cost.
The memorial was read accordingly, and Mr. C.
observed that he knew many of its signers to be
worthy and estimable citizens, and that he thought
that many of the ideas contained in it, deserved the
serious attention of Congress.
Mr. C. said, in conclusion, that if it was the wish
of the gentlemen from the new States, who advo-
cated the bill before the House, to obtain the public
lands for actual setters, at reduced and just rates,
they would vote for the substitute which lie had of-
fered as an amendment, and which effectually pre-
cluded any possibility that the bcucfils of the mea-
sure would be monopolized by speeuLitois. Gen-
tlemen fiom the old States, also, who were really
well-wishers to the less fortunate, but not less wor-
thy portions of their constituents, would vote for
this amendment; which woidd enable the class of
citizens referred to, who were willing to brave the
hardships and privations of pioneers, to locate upon
our public domain, and to become independent fiee-
hohlersaml useful members of society. It was the
highest duty of all governments, and more especial-
ly of our own, to foster this class of citizens, by
holding out llie amplest means ami inducements to
improve their condition. This government possess-
ed, as an instrument of effecting this end, a vast
mine of wealth in its public domain. Having the
power to act so beneficently upon the condition of
the people, it should use it with a liberal hand, and
in a liberal spirit. Justice demands it, and policy
dictates it.
Mr.THOMASSONnextaddressed the committee,
and explained his objections to the bill under con-
sideration. lie thought three hundred and twenty
acres too much to be entered by owners of adjoin-
ing farms, and that this provision would not confine
the privilege to actual settlers; for the plain inter-
pretation of that provision was, that a man lesiding
in Oregon or Maine might get the 320 acres, pro-
vided lie owned ad jacent lands. Mr. T. also spoke
in opposition to Mr. Cary's bill, the various de-
tails of which lie commented on, and showed his
objections to. He then went on to explain his own
bill, and advocated its principle?'. He was in favor
of graduating the price of the public lands; and
when they have been in market for fifteen years, he
would reduce them to fifty cents an acre. He would
also make a donation to every actual settler, being
the head of a family, of 40 acres.
Mr. McCLEllNAND asked the gentleman if his
bill limited the sales to the actual settlers.
Mr. THOMASSON said, No: his bill made a do-
nation to actual settlers; but, when lands were pur-
cased at the reduced prices provided in his bill, they
were not required to cultivate or make actual settle-
ment on the lands so purchased. They were, im-
mediately on the payment of tfie purchase money,
to receivc patents, like other purchasers. Mr. T.
expressed his wish to remove the public-lands fund
entirely from the revenues of the country. He did
not wish to receive such a revenue from the public
lands as would furnish an excuse for breaking down
the yystem of protection. He expressed the hope
that some plan of graduation would be adopted, so
as to produce abetter plan of disposing of the pub-
lic lands than the present one.
Mr ANDREW STEWART desired to know if
an amendment to the bill was now m order.
The CHAIR said that an amendment was pend-
m'&Ir. STEWART proposed to offer an amend-
ment to that amendment.
Mr. HOUSTON inquired if there was not an
amendment to the amendment now pending. e
eentlcmurffrom Maine [Mr. Gary offered his bill
as an amendment, anil the gentleman from Ohio
[Mr. McDowell] offered an amendment to it.
The CHAIR said that the gentleman from Oluo
withdrew his amendment
The Clerk read Mr. Stewart's amendment. It
proposes to repeal the section of the distribution
law of 1841 which suspends distribution when du-
ties on imports exceed 20 per cent.
Mr. HOUSTON raised a point of order, tie
said the amendment was of a character contrary to
the bill on which the committee was acting, ibe
bill proposed to reduce the price of the public k*n~s
but the amendment related to the disposition of the
proceeds when received.
Mr. STEWART said the bill and amendment
. both related to the public lands, and therefore his
amendment was in order. He then proceeded to
speak on the subject generally, and to advocate hig
amendment.
In the course of liis remarks, on the subject of
the tariff, distribution, &c., into which he digressed
at some length, Mr. S. inquired of his colleague,
[Mr. Bidi.ack,] whether, when we had a surplus of
twelve millions of dollars in the treasury, he would
go to withhold from Pennsylvania, who had been
unable for some time to pay interest on her debt,
her just share of the proceeds of the public lands,
and thus to break down the tariff.
Mr. BIDLACK said he would answer his col-
league with great cheerfulness. He was opposed
to any system of taxation that should bring into
the tieasury more levenue than was sufficient to
meet the expenses of the government, economically
administered, and to pay the public debt. If, how-
ever, the present system yielded more than this, or
should do so in future, when that contingency
arose, he would take the subject into serious consid-
eration. [Laughter.]
Mr. STEWART contended that that state of
things already existed; and proceeded further to
urge the arguments, and similar to those which he
had been advancing.
Mr. S. having concluded,
Mr. PAYNE congratulated the gentleman from
Kentucky, [Mr. Thomasson,] and the House, at
the course of the gentlemen oil this subject. They
had been disposed to look to the leading statesman
of Kentucky of the gentleman's political senti-
ments, as obstructing the settlements of the public
lands. This was a happy change which had taken
place in the gentleman's views. He expressed his
approbation of the principles of the gentleman's
scheme, and he should go for it, with an amend-
ment which he gave notice he should offer to it, to
increase the amount of land from forty acres, for the
head of a family, to eighty acres, and for a propor-
tionable increase in the other grants provided for in
the bill.
For other reasons he should sustain the principle
of the proposition of the gentleman from Kentucky,
tie wanted to see the population of the crowded
cities, the slaves of the manufacturing establish-
ments—to see every human being who wished to be
lord of the soil; go into the West, and acquire that
soil.
In support of this resolution, he went on very
different ground from that of the gentleman. The
gentleman had given, as his reason to diminish the
revenue of the country, that the existing system
of taxation should be continued.
Mr. THOMASSON said the gentleman had mis-
understood him, and he explained the position he
had taken, but in terms inaudible to the reporter.
Mr. PAYNE continued. The gentleman went
further than he had stated, and said his objeet was en
tirely to remove from the treasury the moneys ac-
cruing from the sale of the public lands, that the
