24$
pb^u£ies
■nof t r such idea -in advocating the bill and did
c^m^VTifXt ^ ^K"drt
°™a fii tojSa ti;hg!
We P±'tt6S f7 A^i-^pur« tax
prohibited *«>m taxing which, they were now
<1, ureP^ed to Mr. Stewart, who he said had
wSeraSSTof^h^M0816 befoi:etlle House the
consideration of the old system of distribution
forwa?d°PtT°n f°r 7enty yearS had been bro"ght
iorwatd on the eve of presidential elections. This
distribution of money from "the national treasury
was a ST reS°? ,t0 by P°liticai aspirants. l[
was a little too early he would respectfully suggest
rionL^ T"'t0 bl"'ng f0nvard s"ch a proposi-
tion, two or three years hence it would better an-
swer the purpose.
lMK0m-DACVAT^3ati,on arose 0,1 this P°int between
Messrs PAYNE and STEWART. J
.v> uv'lere 110 better mot'e (he asked) of depleting
the public treasury than the reckless squandering
of it among the States? A better plan was, when-
ever the revenues of our country became too lar e
reason and justice to their constituents demanded
that there should be a reduction of the burdens upon
tftem. He commented on the doctrines of tariff and
taxation,repudiating the idea of laying heavier bur-
dens upon the people by way of duties or otherwise
than indispensably necessary for the support of the
government. In England, in Russia, in aJ! the coun-
tries of turope, taxation was the curse and burden
which weighed down and oppressed the people; but
in the United States a new class of political econo-
mists had arisen within less than a half century
whose doctrine was, that taxation was beneficial to
the country, and added to the prosperity of the
nation. The people could not be convinced of it.
Is that the policy which the gentleman expects
the people of the United States to sanction and
which political writers of former days have regarded
unwise and pernicious? The best political writers
have considered that nation as the most prosperous
in which commerce was extended, in which enter-
prise was encouraged, and 111 which every facility was
afforded to the producers to send their produce to all
parts of the world, and bring buck the produce, of
other countries in return. Yet, said he, we are told
at this time of day to adopt this Chinese policy of
closing our ports, shutting out-commerce, living
within ourselves as the best way of bringing wealth
into the country. °
_ Mr. STEWART said his was not a Chinese pol-
icy. It was to tax British manufactures, and shift
the tax from the American manufacturer on to the
British. That was American policy.
Mr. PAYNE ask what was Chinese policy if
it was not to exclude the goods of other nations by
heavy taxation? The Chinese policy was to tax
British goods, to tax American goods, and the goods
of all other nations, so as to exclude their commerce.
This was Chinese policy, and the gentleman recom-
mended it for the adoption of this nation.
While on this subject, he would ask leave of the
House to tell an anecdote, which was so apt to the
purpose that he could not pass it over, though he
was not in the habit of telling anecdotes. He would
first, however, piemise that the sons of the Emerald
Isle had-been always the subject of tlie jeers of the
rest of the world, for no other reason, he believed,
than because they were so impatient that they al-
ways gave an answer before they heard the question.
And he would further remark—and he had no other
object than the truth in saying so—that the Irish na-
tion were superior to the rest of the world. The
boasted Anglo-Saxon race, in his opinion, were
their inferiors. But to the anecdote. An old Irish-
man and his wife came to the conclusion that they
■would trade exclusively among themselves; and,
buying a barrel of whiskey, agreed that the wife
should keep bar one day aud the husband the next,
and so on alternately. The old man had a bit with
which he purchased a pint of whiskey one day, and
the old woman, in her turn, with the same bit, pur-
chased a pint on the next, and in this way they con-
tinued to trade till the harrel of whiskey was drank
out, and nothing but the bit was left. This was the
kind of trade that the gentleman recommended for
this country.
Mr. P. then went on to speak of the bill before
the committee. He supported it because it would
enable the States to tax the lands within their limi ts
which they were now unable to do. He support-
ed it because it would make freemen and laadhold-
CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
: - ^
desti0f,our.fe!low;-citiZenS who are now
S?."1"® Of homes for their wives and their children.
While he did this, he was for keeping the vroceeili
of the land sales in the treasury of the United
States, where they would be used in paying the ex-
penses of this government, and to that amSunt dis-
pensing with the necessity of taxation. He was
for exercising a rigid system of economy, and cur-
tailing the expenses of the government; and he
wished the revenue that was accumulating in the
tieasury to remain there until the voice of the peo-
ple reverberating from the glens, hills, and valleys
of the country, demanded a reduction of the tariff
down to a revenue standard.
Mr. WELLER observed that the debate was ta-
king a wide range, embracing the whole system of
general policy and he thought, therefore, that it was
time it was ended. He would move that the com-
mittee rise, with a view of offering a resolution for
that purpose.
The question being put on Mr. Wku.er's motion,
it was adopted, and the committee rose and reported
progress. r
Mr. WELLER then offered a resolution that all
debate m Committee of the Whole on the bill to re-
duce and graduate the price of the public lands in
tavor of actual settlers should cease at 12 o'clock to-
morrow, and the committee should then proceed to
vote on the amendments pending to said bill, and
then report the same to the House.
Mr. J. E. CARY moved to amend the resolution
by substituting one o'clock for twelve; which bein<*
accepted by the mover, the resolution, under the op-
eration of the previous question, was agreed to.
Mr. THOMASSON communicated the resolutions
of the legislature of Kentucky, giving their assent to
the purchase of a site for a marine hospital.
Mr. HOUSTON moved that the House resolve
itself into a Committee of the Whole on the suite of i
the Union. i
Mr. FRENCH hoped his friend from Alabama j
would permit him to have the resolutions of Ken- :
tucky referred to the Committee on Commerce, '
where they properly belonged. I
The resolutions were accordingly referred. (l
The question was then put on Mr. Houston's
motion, and carried.
So the House resolved itself into a Committee of
the Whole on the state of the Union, and resumed
the consideration of the bill to graduate and reduce
the price of the public lands in favor of actual set.
tiers, when
Mr. BOWER rose and addressed the committee
in favor of the bill. It would be useless for him to
recapitulate the many arguments that might be used
in favor of this measure. It was known to every west-
ern man in the House that there were sections of
country in the West remote from the water courses
and large townn where the lands never would bring
the price asked for them by the government. These
lands were bringing in no revenue to the govern-
ment; and, for want of the power to tax them, con-
tributed nothing to the revenues of the State. It
would be good policy, therefore, to set them at such
a price as would enable the poor and industrious
settler to purchase them, and thus provide a home
for his wife and children.
Mr. B. refuted the argument that had been urged
against this bill, that it would benefit speculators.
On the contrary, he showed that, of all measures
that could be devised, it was the best to prevent
speculation in the public lands, and promote their
actual settlement and cultivation. He paid a high
trihute to the character of the pioneers of the West,
whom this bill was intended chiefly to benefit, and
spoken of them as their country's most useful citi-
zens in peace, and best defenders in time of war.
This measure had been agitated for a number of
years, and instead of being considered as a great j
question of national policy, had been whittled down ;
to a mere party question. He believed that it I
would be the best policy to bring these waste lands '
into cultivation, by reducing their price to the abili-
ty of those who, though too poor to purchase lands
at the present price, would be able to enter them at a
price more proportioned to their value. In this
way the productive industry of the country would
be increased, and happiness and comfort afforded to
numbers who were now destitate of homes of their
own.
Mr. D. L. SEYMOUR continued the debate in op-
position to the bill.
Mr. JAMESON replied to some of the gentle-
man's arguments. He said it was a visionary
scheme, as had been suggested, to send appraisers
'h? lying in ni„0 States and
three Territories of this Union. The cost of such an
h?,Km°"f Y°U d be -m much a8 1110 o..e
hundred and twelve millions of acres were worth,
and would not be a reliable authority even then for
thesei appraisers might be open to various influences,
tie thought the basis on which this bill placed the
price was the best that could be taken. In relation
to the lands lying in Louisiana and Florida, he ob-
served that they were purchased with the treasure of
the whole Union, and were not, .therefore, part of
the cessions of any of the old States. And if some-
flung had been expended in defending those and the
other public, lands, he held that it was no argument
against them. The West did not object to the ex-
penses of the last war, which was brought about by
the interests of the eastern States; and this should be
remembered when gentlemen boasted of the liberal-
ity of the general government of the States from
which they came. True, New York, Virginia,
North Carolina, and Georgia, ceded their lands; but
the people of the West had paid for the lands which
they cultivated, while the people of the old States
entered upon theirs without pricc. The gentleman
from Vermont, |Mr. Makmi,) a few days ago took
the ground that the time the lands had remained in
the market unsold, was no criterion of the value of
that land. This was a false position.
He denied that proposition. If the gentleman
would go through the western States, he would as-
certain the fact, that it was a certain criterion of the
value of the lands. The policy of the general gov-
ernment, since these lands had firstjbcen brought into
market m 1803, had been only to put Much quantity of
lands into market at n time as would command the
prices which the government asked (or them. This
policy had been carried out; and there had been sold
about one lunidied and twelve millions of acres,
and about one hundred and twehe millions remain-
ed now in the market. A great portion of this one
hundred and twelve millions had iiecii m market for
years; and however long they might he continued,
(hey would not bring a dollar and a quarter, for the
1 cation that they were not worth it. In Missouri
there were some forty odd million acres of land, of
which there remained thirty-two millions unsold,
and it would remain unsold for one. hundred years,
if the price was held at one dollar aud a quarter
per acre.
He took the ground that it would be an advan-
tage to the States and to the geneial government to
graduate the prices of the public lands; and his
main object in rising had been to say that, unless it
was done, more than half the lauds in Missouri
would not be entered, and in twenty years would be
worth nothing, for their timber would be taken off.
His object was to save the timber to the country,
and enable the State to tax the lands, and thus
help both the State and the general government.
The lands of Missouri were called spotted lands:
one strip was good, and another bad. On the forest
lands was the best timber; these would not be en-
tered, but the rich prairies would be taken, and the
settlers would help themselves to timber off of
"Uncle Sam's" land, (for it was known that they
sometimes went over on to it foi timb'i,aml some
times for plow land.) If this graduation was estab-
lished, these poor lands would be taken, and thus
the government would get something for them.
Then he held that the gentleman'' from Ver-
mont was mistaken, when lie said that the
time the lands had been in market was no
criterion of their value. He ventured to say
that one good spot of land in Missouri could
not be found now vacant that had been in market
ten years. The good land was taken up just as
fast as it came into market.
The gentleman from Vermont had made very in-
genious appeals to different interests—to the distri-
bution and to the anti-tariff men—ajainst this bill.
Mr. J. told them this bill would be an advantage to
both of them; if the distribution policy was ever car-
ried out, this bill would place the lands in a condi-
tion to bring something; and the anti-tanff men, if
they wanted to help to supply the treasuiy with the
proceeds of these lands, would find this the only
way to get anything from a great portion.
Objections had been made to this bill by the gen-
tleman from Kentucky and other gentlemen, because
they wanted distribution. But this and the other
measures of the 27th Congress had been condemned
by the people. These were serious and incontro-
vertible objection to the distribution scheme.' It
was only one of the appendages.of a protective
tariff, to find the ways and means by which Use
