246
CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
the multifarious forms, had reported against the
whole subject, from the beginning to the end. They
had reported-m favor of rejecting the resolution of
the House and of laying all the other propositions
upoh the table. What is such action but a declara-
tion on their part that the Senate should wash its
hands of the whole subject? He wanted this prop-
osition to enter into the contemplation of the Sen-
ate, when they came to consider the report of the
committee, which cut the Senate loose from all prop-
ositions. The senator said that this was a new bill.
It could not so be considered, because it was offered
as a substitute for the bill which the committee had
had under coasideration. But to go to the right of
the matter, he would ask the simple question, for he
would like to hare an answer, why it was necessary
to refer the bill to any committee at this late day in
the session. The committee was composed of a
part of the Senate; and the whole Senate having to
act upon the subject, those constituting the commit-
tee would still have the right, in the Senate, to inves-
tigate and discuss the proposition, and present their
views upon it in the form of a speech instead of a
report. There was, in point of fact, no necesity for
reference. The subject was familiarized to the pub-
lic mind, and much more so to all the senators and
representatives who came there prepared to act upon
it in almost any form the proposition could be made
to assume. In this View of the question, without
expressing any opinion for or against the proposi-
tion, he would be under the necessity of calling for
the yeas and nays on the proposition to refer.
They were ordered.
Mr. MERRICK remarked that there could
be no man m the Senate, or m these United
States, more fully determined not to give to this
most important and deeply interesting ques-
tion the go-by than himself. He was truly
anxious, and most sincerely solicitous to make
up a wise and correct judgment upon the is-
sue now presented to the Senate; and in order to
enable him to do that, he was extremely desirous to
have the benefit of all the lights which could be
thrown upon the subject, by the deliberate action
and consideration of the ablest and best and most
enlightened minds in this body. He desired to
have the benefit of all the light that could be shed
by the honorable mover of this bill, and of the de-
liberate judgment of the committee having charge of
this branch of the business. Now, he understood,
and believed, that it was not the purpose of the
Committee on Foreign Relations to suppress the
consideration of this bill.
Here Mr..BERRIEN rose to ask the courtesy of
the senator from Maryland for a single remark.
He (Mr. B.) desired to obtain the floor for the
purpose of saying that the honorable senator from
Ohio [Mr. Allen] had misconceived, not the mo-
tive, (for he had not spoken of that,) but the obvi-
ous effect of the motion which he (Mr. B.) had sub-
mitted. It could not be contemplated by the Com-
mittee on Foreign Relations to withhold a report
upon this bill, if the reference were made to them,
so as to prevent the Senate from having whatever
benefit it might derive from that report in the dis-
cussion that was about to take place. He hoped it
was, therefore, only necessary for him to say that
they had no intention whatever of delay.
Mr. MERRICK said he trusted he should, in
considering this subject, rise above all prejudices.
He meant, with the blessing of God, to exercise lus
judgment to the best of his ability—feeling only, in
considering this subject, his obligations to uphold
the American people upon this important question.
But when he came to make up his opinion upon a
question involving great national interests and ex-
citing universal attention, he wanted all the light
and all the information that the best intellects of tins
body, or of the country, could give. Therefore,
with every possible desire to gratify the wishes of
the honorable senator from Missiouri, and with
every desire, at all times, to extend to him every
courtesy in his power, he could nut, upon this occa-
sion, do otherwise'than vote for the reference to the
Committee on Foreign Relations—more especially
as he was told that they had found, in their delibe-
rations upon this subject, a constitutional objection
which would cut short, to a certain extent, the dis-
cussion of that subject as it regarded this bill. He
wanted the judgment of those gentlemen; and he
desired to have it in the form of a report from that
intelligent and able committee, that he might read it
in his closet, by the midnight lamp; and by that
light, as well as others, make up the judgment
which was to guide the vote he was to give upon
this question. He hoped the Senate would grant
that the reference might be made; and he was very
sure that the committee would bring in a report up-
on the subject in time to have the action of the Sen-
ate upon it.
Mr. WALKER said that he was rejoiced that the
great American question of the reannexation of Tex-
as was being presented on all hands, on the grounds
on which it was placed originally by him, (Mr.
walker,) m his Texas letter of the 8tli of January,
1844.
He (Mr. W.) then proposed more than a year
since, to admit Texas as a State of the Union by the
action of Congress, under that clause of the constitu-
tion, which authorizes Congress to admit new States
into the Union. That clause was not confined to
our then existing territory, but was without limit-
ation; and the framers of the constitution had ex-
pressly refused to limit the general power contained
in this clausc to the territory then embraced within
the Union. The general power, then, was in express
words, and no man has a right to interpolate re-
strictions, and especially restrictions which the
framers of the constitution had rejected. But when
this mode of admitting Texas as a State by Con-
gress, was suggested by him (Mr. Walker) in
January, 1844, he was held up as the author of a
new proposition, unwarranted by authority or pre-
cedent. Sir, (said Mr. W.,) Mr. Madison, one of
the principal founders of the constitution, had ex-
pressly sanctioned this mode of admitting States by
Congress out of foreign territory; and one of the
most distinguished judges of the Supreme Court of
the United States had expressed a similar opinion,
all which he (Mr. W.) would show in due time. This
opinion was also supported by numerous precedents.
North Carolina, Vermont, Rhode Island, and the
Florida parishes of Louisiana, were admitted into
the Union as States, or parts of foreign States, by
the action of Congress alone. In the case of Rhode
Island, she was not repiescnted in the convention
which framed the constitution of the Union; and
after the ratification of the constitution she became
a foreign State: she was treated as such by Congress
for several years, and duties were imposed on goods
imported from Rhode Island into the Union. She
was treated in every respect as a foreign State; and
by the adoption of the constitution, and her with-
drawal from the confederacy, she became a foreign
State, and was admitted as such by Congress, being
the same question, so far as constitutional power is
corcerned, whether she had been a foreign State two
years or two hundred years, when she was admit-
ted by Congress as a State of the Union. And now
the question of admitting Texas as a State of the
Union by Congress, if I understand the statements
made as to the report of the Committee on Foreign
Relations, and which question is again presented in
the bill of the senator from Missouri, has been pre-
judged by that committee. Why, (hen, should this
bill go there for another report? Such a reference
may delay actiun on the Texas resolutions of the
House, which he (Mr. W.) had hoped would be
passed by the Senate and become a law. Cut if
these Texas resolutions of the House unfortunately
should fail here, then he (Mr. W.) would take into
considera'ion this new bill of the senator from Mis-
souri [Mr. Benton] to admit Texas at once as a
State, with an anxious desire, regardless of men or
parties, t© reannex Texas,"and accomplish it, as far
as practicable, at this session, upon just and honora-
ble terms, let the proposition come from whom it
mav.
Mr. BARROW said he did not think this was a
time to discuss the constitutional power of Congress
to admit foreign States into the Union. He did not
rise for the purpose of entering into a discussion
upon that subject, but merely to make a suggestion
connected with the propriety of the motion made by
the senator from Georgia, [Mr. Herriev.J The re-
sult which some of the senators on the other side
of the house seemed 10 anticipate from a reference
of this bill to the Committee on Foreign Relations,
could not occur. The committee had had this
whole subject under consideration for some time.
They would be prepared, he had no doubt, to make
a report upon this bill before next Monday or Tues-
day; and that, he believed, was the earliest period at
which any gentleman here contemplated a discus-
sion on the subject of annexation.
Suppose the committee should delay making a
report before next Monday or Tuesday,—and from
the conversation which took place yesterday between
members of the Senate as to the proper time for the
discussion of the resolutions which came from the
House of Representatives, that yjas the time named:
suppose they should not make a report—which
he thought an unreasonable supposition, for he be-
lieved the committee would report by Monday or
Tuesday, if the reference was made to them: could
not the honorable senator who introduced this bill
this morning, when the discussion upon the propo-
sition upon which th« report had been made com-
menced, offer his bill as a substitute for that from
the House? And, if that was within the rules of
the Senate, as it seemed-to him to be, it-was right
and proper that this new proposition, connected
as it was with a subject that every senator had in-
vestigated to a certain extent, should go to the Com-
mittee on Foreign Relations; and he desired it for
these reasons. He thought it practicable, and he
did not by any means deem it improbable, that a
large portion of the senators, embracing whigs and
democrats, might unite upon one common ground.
He thought that the bill submitted to the Senate this
morning opened the way to a compromise. It was
well understood that, on his side of the house, a
very large majority—if not all of tho senators, cer-
tainly a very large portion of them—objected to the
bill which had passed the other branch of Congress
upen constitutional grounds; while some who had
this difficulty in their way, were very willing to take
the iaitatovy step towards the acquisition of Texas
and its admission into the Union as a State, ijn a
constitutional way. He repeated, if those consti-
tutional objections were removed, there were mnny
on this side of the house who would not only be
willing, but some of them very anxious, to see
Texas annexed. He was not one of that number;
but, notwithstanding the, language which he had
used yesterday or the day before, that did not pre-
vent him, in his opposition to Texas now, or atany
future period when an attempt might be made to
bring it into tho Union, either under the treaty-ma-
king" power or by the action of Congress, from say-
ing, as he would now lake occasion to say, that, if
the proposition should bo submitted to him, at any
future time, in a constitutional way, (and he should
bceome perfectly satisfied, after a good deal of inter-
course with his own constituents, that a very large
majority of them were in favor of annexation,) he
would hesitate long, there being no constitutional
difficulty in the way, before he would
put himself in the way of the attainment of
any object which they had so much at heart. He
would deliberate and doubt long before he would re-
sist the fulfilment and consummation of their wish-
es, merely because he considered himself that it
would be highly imprudent, and prejudicial to the
interests of the people of Louisiana. If they were
willing to bring upon themselves ruin, which he
thought would be the result to th6m of the annexa-
tion of Texas to the United States, he might, upon
the conditions stated, be content to lie ruined with
them; but lie did not say it now. He would delib-
erate long before he would attempt to thwart them,
should the question ever be presented to him with-
out. the constitutional objections which were now
attached to it. He would doubt the soundness of
his own judgment upon this matter.
lie was anxious that this bill should go to the
Committee on Foreign Relations; and that that, com-
mitlec should make a report upon it. IIo did not
belong to that committee, but he was sure he was
not .saying too much, when he said that they would
leport on Tuesday next, and that was the earliest
period contemplated for the discussion. Let it take
its regular course; and if the committee should with-
hold its report, it was within the power of the hon-
orable senator who had introduced it, to bring it up
before the Senate and have it discussed, and voted
upon; and it was also in the power of the senator to
call for a report. He was perfectly certain that a
large majority of the Senate not only felt the
desire, but had determined to vote upon this subject
in sonic form or other at this session, it was no
purposeof the senators on this side of the House to
give the go-by upon this question of annexation, or
to fight it indirectly. They intended to fight direct-
ly upon any fuir proposition that could, under the
rules of the Senate, be presented to them.
He believed that the Committee on Foreign Rela-
tions should take this bill and consider it, and send
it back with a report, approving or disapproving it,
and giving their reasons, if they should report against
it, why they objected to it. He could vote for it
himself, with one amendment. That amendment,
some senators might think, constituted the whole
merits of the bill. Strike out that part which con-
templates the action of Congress upon this question,
