CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
lution, fourteen years ago, produced by tlie attempt of a
government— a gioat and a powerful, government, which had
been twenty couturier in existence—by an attempt to
control the public piess. He had heard oi' that government
being overturned—the government of France—by an at-
tempt to control the press. It was a very serious matter.
It was very easy for senators to make a bill in their commit-
tee room, and present it here, and,talk about burdening the
mail with this and that; but it was a far more serious matter
when they came to the question of the libexty of the press.
It must ho maniiest to every man, that if Congress could
control the newspapers in their circulation, it could put
them down altogether. It could say that this paper should
circulate, and that should not—that so many newspapeis
should circulate, and above that number should not-that
they should circulate upon this, and not upon that route—
this distance, and not that distance; and, finally, not beyond
their own doo\-s; and thus Congress could control that
great and popular engine, the press of the United States. lie
was opposed to this upon the principles which he had ex-
plained a day or two ago. He would give to the publisher
the greatest facilities ior the circulation ofliispaper lie
would confine him to 110 limits; but permit him to adopt
whatever means he might deem pioperin circulating that
journal. The honorable scnatoi [Mr. Mkrkicjv] wanted to
limit this matter in regard to country newspapers to within
a circle of filty miles. Why not limit them to live miles
fiom the printing office, and then to the building in which
the printing office itself is.? It Congiess could limit the
circulation at all, it could drive it into the house—a very
dangerous exercise of power. If that power exist in the con-
stitution, it ought not to exist thcic, and the constitution
ought to be amended for that reason. He had no idea of
allowing this government to put its hands upon the press of
the country, and interdict between it and the country any
communication lie should vote to r< tam the amend-
ment.
Mr. HUNTINGTON endeavored to set the senator from
Maryland right in regaid to afalse con&tiuetion he had put
upon his arguments. Mr. H. recapitulated the positions he
took on this subject.
Mr. MERRICK assured the senator that it was he himsell
who put a false constiuction on the piovisjontf oi the bill,
which provisions did not at all apply to the cases he sup-
posed.
Mr. HUNTINGTON wa  satisfied to leave [tfio last woid
with the senator.
Mr. WOODBURY remarked that some of his constituents,
from their position, felt a deep interest 111 this amendment.
He felt it himself, but had said nothing concerning it in the
committee of the whole; and should not now, if he was
not satisfied that the chairman [Mr. Merrick] misappre-
hended the consequences of it, and saw them through a
magnifying medium for evil.
The amendment did not sensibly impair the revenues of
the bill. As now, for the same, or nearly the same distance,
nf wspapers were to be carried entirely free. Why, then,
try to lumber up or burden the mail with much matter that
was to pay nothing7 It was professed to be in order to
break up the present expresses; and the amendment was
resisted as if it legalized those expresses. No such thing.
It neither legalized nor sanctioned them, to any extent, or
m any form.
It does not allow letters to be carried at all except m the
mail—but merely newspapers and periodicals by private
hands, where more convenient to the community, and
which, in many place*, the} have been accustomed to do
from the foundation of the government. But it was- object-
ed that those who earned such papers would also carry
letters 11 they did, the law exposed them to penalties, and
it would be thus pn*vented.
Another circumstance would prevent it. These packages
ol papers and periodicals were not sent by such fleet ex-
pie>su"> as haunted the mind of the senator, and were alone
smt.iblefoi transporting business letters. They weic hag-
gage wagons—even ox wagons in some places—or vessels
011 rivers and the coast, plying regularly between large
cities, or villages Or they weie subsonbcis in lotation
from a county town, going weekly for their wwspapeis.
All these, rather than the mail, whore the papers would now
pass lree, it is manifest, would be employed only when ex-
ceedingly convenient to the people—living remote fiom a
post ofiice—or wanting their papers 011 days when a weekly
or tri-weekly mail did not run.
Now, let-the Senate consider that all this was to be pun-
ished—that so innocent, legal, and accommodating in itself'
—merely because a danger existed, that it might be abused
to carry letters—a danger, too, very remote and slight.
How abhorrent, also, was the principle involved in such a
prohibition' We choose to become common carrieron the
great highways of the nation of letters and newspapers
and periodicals, and therefore assume the power to punish all
others who choose to exercise thei" individual rights to be,
likewise, common carriers.
He would now say nothing as to such an exercise oi
power about carrying letters, though if would, it examined,
be found to be exercised here, where the post ofiice is not
intended as a system of taxation for revenue, only by a
false analogy to the powers exercised elsewhere—m coun-
tries in which postages are imposed to raise revenue; and
this dangerous power is employed merely to sustain and
enforce atax. But here the post office is not proposed to
be use J for taxation and revenue merely to sustain itself.
It was not so in its origin in the old articles of confedera-
tion, where government was authorized to exact such
postages only as were necessary to defray ihe expense; and
it was on paptrs passing through the mail, and not to prohibit
papers from being carried through the country in any other
way. What', sir; are we to interfere irr this way with the
mails in which our constituents shall carry or send their
own property** Are we to regulate the prices of labor and
freight, or the private rights of people in anything, merely
by construction? No'power was ever given in the old con-
federation, or in the present constitution, to exercise such
officious and restrictive interference.
He was alarmed at the progress of the government in set-
ting up such a monopoly, as well as offensive interference.
Were the question a new one at this moment, the whole
restrictions on private enterprise and private competition
in carrying letters themselves could not stand a  hour.
Government would be lH't to carry its own letters at its
owupriccs:and individuals placed in the same position, or
both hire others who would do it best <Jr cheapest.
But now— not for taxation, and not by any express grant
to do it, government becomes a great monopolist, not only
for carrying letters, but even newspapers and periodicals.
Jt i-eelta to drive off all competition, and, like some other
governments, as to salt and tobacco, would permit no rivals
in business: and would monopolize the trade in carrying
all printed mutter as well as letters. But the chairman vu-
tually admitted in another place that this was all wron$*-
becauso he had submitted an amendmentto grant "what we
ask by the Postmaster General at his discretion. (Mr,.
Mkrrick said that discretion was modified now) Mr. w.
was glad to hear it was abandoned; for if'any thing was
worse than a restriction in private business, imposed with-
out express authority, and in check tfl the iree and conve-
nient diffusion of knowledge, and thus creating an odious
public monopoly by constiuctionalone, it would be to in-
troduce, also, a dispensing power in one branch of the gov-
ernment, \v lueh might in bad tunes be abused tothowoist
partisan purposes.
lie hoped, on reflection, the Senate would be satisfied that
the amendment ought to be retained.
This point was further debated by Messrs. SIMMONS,
MERRICK, NILES, and ATCHISON,and the yeas and nays
having been called lor and oideied, the vote was taken, and
lesultod— yeas 33, naj s 9, as follows:
\JBAS- Mu?sis. Allen, Atcluson. Atherton, Bagly, Bar-
row, Benton, Bernon, Bieese, Buchanan, L'hoatc, Clay-
ton, Dix, Dayton, Dickinson, Evans, Fairfield, Francis,
Hanuegtui, Ilugei, Huntington, /arnagin, Lewis, Miller,
Nile*, Phelps, Porter, Simmons, Sturgeon, Tappan, Upliam,
Walker, YYoodbridge, and Woodbur)—33
NAYS—Messrs. Ashley, Foster, Haywood, Johnson,
Manguin, Memek. Morohead,So\icr, and White—9.
So the Senate concurred 111 the amendments made m com-
miitee of the whole to the 10th section and succeeding sec-
tions, which leave the publishers oi newspapers, pamphlets,
magazines, and periodical5!, at liberty to send their publica-
tions, where, when, and how they please, outside of the
mail, without any mteifeiencc on the part of the Postmaster
(Jcnerul .
Mr HUNTINGTON said an amendment to the same el-
feet was required to the Htli section-
Mr MERRICK opponed any fuitlier extension ol the
amendment than had been adopted
Mr. HUNTINGTON explained, that the 11th section ex-
empted fiom repeal the 6th scctiou oi the act ol 3d March,
182-', which section would apply to "packages." oi' nowspa-
pers. pamphlet", magazines, and periodicals, carried by
steamboats, and reqnuod theieby to be put into the post
office to be made subject to postage It was theieluic
necessary to make the same exceptions in the 1 Uli sec-
tion that had been made in the 10th and succeeding sec-
tions.
Mr HERRIEN was of the same opinion.
Mr. MERRICK contended that the amendment was not
accessary; and that it would be only opening the door to
fiaurt much wider than hart already been done by the sena-
tor's amendments to the 10th section
<Vlter a few remarks on this point by Messrs. IIUN r-
1NGTON, NlLES, and MEllHICK, the amendment was
'"^Mr. SIMMONS now proposed one amendment which he
thought more impoitant than anything that had yet been
done for mcieasmq the revenue of the derailment. It was
Jo strike outpait of the fust section, tin1 effect of w hich
would be to leave one uniform rate of postage for all dis-
tances—five cents. He had made numerous calculations
arid estimates, all of which satisfied him that this would be
productive of more revenue than the two tates of five cents
and ton cents Indeed, five cents was not as low as he
would himself wish to fix the rate of unifonn postnge, m
view of obtaining the largest amount of levenue to the de-
partment. But, in deference to the opinion of other gentle-
men, he was satisfied to tiy the experiment at live cents.
I11 his investigation ot this subject, he had ascertained
that, prior to the reduction of postage in England, when the
rates were as high in proportion as they are now 111 this
country, the number ofletters ti ansmitted bj the mail w as, in
proportion to population, precisely in the same ratio as the
correspondence of the United States passing through our
waiKm proportion to our population lie had also ascertained
that, in consequence of the 1 eduction of postage in England,
the coviespoudence there had increased four-fold. Now this
was duvctpioof that there was 110 essential difference be-
tween the two countries as to the disposition for letter-
writing,* and what had been the lesult of low postage in
England, might well be cxpected to be the result of a simi-
lar change here.
Ill view of these facts, he should not hesitate, were we to
reduce our postage to a uniform rate oi two cents, anticipa-
ting a result similar to that which had followed the reduc-
tion 111 England; that is, an increase of mailable matter four-
f°Ontliis ba°is, taking ®ur correspondence prior to 1837 to
be 30,000 000 of letters, and allowing that the natural in-
crease, with that of population since, would have gone 011
to the present day, were it not for the puvate competition of
private expresses, he would feel warranted in calculating
the correspondence of the United states now,under existing
iates, at -30,000, which, if increased four-fold, as m England,
would give 200,000.000: and that, at two cents, would be
four millions of dollars—quite enough, with other sources
ol income, to sustain the department. But, as he did not pro-
pose such a reduction at present, and stopped at five cents,
he would only calculate on a proportionable increase of our
correspondence Ifthc increase were only to eighty mil-
lions of letteis, it would, at 5 cents, give $4,000,000from let-
ter post'i^o alone. Now. no one could doubt that the in-
crease would be to that amount But, supposing it was
not—suppose there was no increase at ail: what tlnm?
Why simply this, that the charges of the department with
resnectto the letter mail, would be amply sustained by let-
ter postage; for the expense of the mails was eight tim es
Greater 011 printed matter than on the letter mail. That is,
if the whole expense is $4,300,000, the portion applicable to
the letter mail is $500,000, and that of the government and
printed matter $3,700,00Q. Nov/, on the correspondence of
last vear (twenty-four millions of letters) the five cent
rate oi postage would be $l,2«0,000-sti)l yielding .a
surplus of 700,000 dollars to sustain the department in
transmitting printed matter. Allowing half d million for
the expense of the correspondence of the government,
there would then be a deficiency on account ol the trans-
mission of printed matter; and the question then was,
whether the benefit to the public oi the cheap communica-
tion of newspapeis and piintcd matter was not woith that
expense, as many gentlemen contended it was. But no unc
would candidly suppose that the correspondence of the
country would not increase very much by a reduction of
postasre lrom present rates to a umlorm jate ol 5 cents.
Any reasonable allowance of increase would show that the
deficit, it any, would be only tcmpoian, and that m the
end the income oi the department would be ample. If no
other benefit followed, the ccitamty of putting down by
competition, those puvate expresses, which interfered so
nrnch with the department, would be very material. Con-
gress might pass1 penal laws, but il would be all in vam
Those private expresses never could be put down by such
mThe foregoing is only a rapid and brief condensation of a
very long and able argument made by Mr. S. in favor of a
uniform rate of five cents postage. . .
Mr MERRICK admitted that the results anticipated by
the senator from Rhode Wand might lollo w, but he was un-
willing to risk too much at first. He wished to> go upon
certainty, and he thought the rates proposed in the b£ the
safest and'most prudent. He therefore hoped the amenu-
ment would not prevail.
Mr. PHELPS sustained the proposition, and, at the same
time dwelt iargely on the necessity of economy and reform,
with respect to expenditures tor mail contracts
Mr. BERRIEN owned that there was so much force m
the statements made by the senator from Rhode Islsnd [Mr.
Simmons,! that he felt disposed to support his proposition.
It was, however, a most important change, and one oi no
ordinary responsibility. It was, therefore, every way de-
sirable to have timu for reflection. He wished himself to
have a night's consideration, and would suggest the pro-
priety of postponing the bill till to-monow, or passing it
"^h^MERUICK hoped not; let the bill be disposed of this
o\enmg—it could be done in .ten minutes if gentlemen
would vote and not eoncume time.
\fter a few conversational remarks between Messrs.
BERRIEN, MERRICK, and SIMMONS, as to taking the
question now, the vote was taken on Mr. Simmons'* amend-
ment, by yeas and nays, and decided in the affirmative—
yeas 1)3, nays 14—as follows:
YEAS.—Messrs. Alien, Ashley, Atchison, Banow, Bdj-
ard, Benton, Berrien, Breese, Choate, Dix, Dayton, Dickin-
son, Evans, Foster, Francis, Hannegan, Haywood, Hender-
son, Huntington, Jarnagin, Miller, Morchead, Niles, 1 helps,
Porter, Semplc, Simmons, Sturgeon, Tappan, Upham, Walk-
er, White and Woodbridge—33.
NAYS—Messrs. Atherton, Buchanan, Clayton, Colquitt,
Faulield, Huger, Johnson, Lewis, Mangum, Merrick, Fearce,
ltives, Sevier and Woodbury--1-1.
So the Senate decided that there should be one uniform
rate of five cents postage for all distances.
On motion of Mr. BENTON, the bill was further amend-
ed m the first section, so that a letter or cover not exceed-
ing half an ounce in weight should be deemed a single let-
ter, no matter how many pieces oi paper it contained, and
that the uniform rate lora single letter should be chargea-
ble upon every additional half ounce or part of hall an
ounce.
Mr HUGER moved to reconsider the vote oi concurrence
with the Committee of the Whole on the amendment, add-
ing an additional section limiting the rates to be allowed
for transmitting the mails on railroads. [The section added
on motion of Mr. Nii.es, which direots railroads to be di-
vided into three classes; the late on the first class for carry-
ing the mail not to exceed $200 per mile, on the second class
<>100, and on the third class $o0.J
Mr II. explained that on the railroad from Weldon to
Wilmington, oil the southern route, the company had given
notice that they could not hold the contiact at $225 per
mile, and it was only by force of law the postmaster kept
them to the contract. They could not allord to carry the
mail for les:s than $250 It was necessary m such cose to
raise the maximum. If that was not allowed, the conse-
quence would be that the mail would have to be j-ent a
route which would require three or lour da>s instead of
thirty six hours, to pass between two points—to the south
ein and southwest—an immense incomeniunce to that
whole region.
Mr. NlLES opposed the reconsideration.
Mrr BERRIEN concurred wtth the senator from South
Carolina, and advocatt d the reconsideration of the vote of
concurrence.
Mr DAYTON desired to say but a single word upon this
matter. The remarks of the senator from South Carolina
[Mr Hugfr] did not apply only to railroads in that section
of the Union. It was easy for senators to stand here, ond
represent one side of the question. It was easy to stigma-
ti/.e these railroad companies as rapacious and extortionate*
That was but one side of the question. The other side had
not been heard; their statements were notto be considered
at all, or perhaps it would be quite a different question.
Now, if he had been correctly informed, another part of this
great line of roads between the North and South had inti-
mated that they would refuse to carry the mail upon the
terms proposed in this bill, or which had been accorded to
them before; and that was the railroad between Philadel-
phia and New York. The directors of the company say
that they get worse paid for that service than lor
any other which they perform; and they will not
conform to all the rules and regulations of the department,
unless their compensation be roised. Gentlemen said it v as
for the purpose uf extorting higher prices that the railroad
companies in the thinly populous portions of the country
complained, because there was no other means of convey-
ance to be had by the government, but it could not be so
between Philadelphia and New York. Other convej ances
could be had there. The railroad companies on that route,
if he had been correctly informed, say they will not regu-
late themselves according to tlie wishes of the department,
