254
CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
and take the price s&ted. If.tho. Senate incorporate in thv
rn^Iht h «, um 8 98 aow c01rtai«s> he knew not what
might be the consequence. He apprehended there could be
ZSfigffifS&SgS? * ,WS mXlmUm
Mr wmrfh510/ ?8ped f5e motion would prevail.
Mr.WfflTi, hoped it would not, and advanced his rea-
sons for opposing itr
Mr. FAIRFIELD called for the yeas and nays, which
were ordered. ' 1
The vote was then taken on reconsidering the vote of
concurrence, with the amendments made in Committee of
v??£Ie' and resulte<i. yeas 24, nays 16, as follows:
YEAS.—Messrs. Ashley, Barrow, Berrien, Choate, Day-
ton, luvans, Foster, Francis, Haywood, Huger, Hunting-
ton, Johnson, Lewis, Mangum, Merrick, Miller, Niles,
porter, Rives, Sevier, Simmons, Upham, Walker and Wood-
bridge—24.
NAYS.—Messrs. Allen, Atherton, B&yaid, Benton, Breese,
Dickinson, Dix, Fairfield, Henderson, Pearce, Phelps, Sam-
ple, Sturgeon, Tappan, White and Woobury—16.
Mr. TAPPAN moved an adjournment.
Mr. BERRIEN wished the Senate would go into execu-
tive session a few minutes for reference.
Mr. HUNTINGTON gave notice that to-morrow, at one
o clock, he would move the Senate to go into executive ses-
sion. There was an important mass of matter to be dis-
posed of.
Mr. MERRICK hoped the post office bill would be order-
ed to be engrossed this evening.
The question on Mr. Tappan's motion to adjourn resulted,
ayes 19, noes 19. So it did not prevail,
Mr. BERRIEN now moved the Senate to go into execu-
tive session.
Mr. MERRICK hoped the Senate would not go into exec-
utive session, until the bill should be engrossed for a third
reading. That could be done in a few moments; and he
trusted, as the bill had been so long before the Senate, and
so thoroughly discussed, that there would bft jao occasion
to lay it over for another day.
Mr. BERRIEN said he would readily yield -to the solici-
tude of his friend from Maryland, who had so urgently and
perseveringly labored to accelerate the action of-the Sen-
ate upon this matter; but that the new feature presented
by the senator from Rhode Island was one which demand-
ed reflection. He desired to look into it more deliberately
himself; and he repeated his motion to lay this bill on the
tablev qr pass it over informally; and proceed to the conside-
ration of executive business.
Mr. WHITE asked if this motion was in order.
The CHAIR said it was not strictly in order.
Mr. BERRIEN then moved to lay the bill on the table
till to-morrow.
The question was decided in the affirmative—ayes £4, noes
not counted.
On motion by Mr. BERRIEN, the Senate then went into
executive session, and soon after,
Adjourned.
HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES.
Thursday, February b, 1845.
The journal having been read,
On motion by Mr. JOHN P. KENNEDY, the resolution
calling on the Secretary of the Treasury for copies of the
instructions issued by lum in reference to the collection of
duties on wines and coffee imported ia Dutch vessels, was
taken up and agreed to.
Mr. McKAY moved a suspension of the rules, that the
House resolve itself into a Committee of the Whole on the
state of the Union.
Mr. HOUSTON appealed to the chairman of the Commit-
tee of Ways and Means to waiv e his motion till he could call
Up the bill gianting the right of way through the lands of
the United States to certain railroad companies in Alabama
Mr. McKAY declined; and the question §bemg taken on
suspending the rules, it was carried; and
The House resolved itself <nto a Committee of the Whole
on the state of the Union, (Mr. Vi.xtok of Ohio in the chair)
and resumed the consideration of the bill makmg appropria-
tions for the current and contingent expenses of the Indian
department, and for fulfilling treaty stipulations with the
various Indian tribes for the fiscal year commencing on the
1st day of July, 1845, and ending on the 30th day of June,
1S46.
Mr. Q  JOHNSON said the question pending last evening
when the committee rose, was an appeal from the decision
of the Chair, that the amendment making an appropriation
of $6,000 for holding a treaty with the Winnebagoes for the
extinguishment of their title to lands in Iowa, and to defray
the expenses of their removal to lands selected for them
He indulged the hope that the chairman of the Committee of
Ways and Means [Mr. McKay] would admit the amend-
ment to be offered, and save the time of the House m de-
ciding on the appeal. He took the appeal on the ground
that this matter of holding treaties was one belonging to
the executive power of the government; and, therefore, no
Srevious law was necessary to sanction the appropriation
[e would refer to the case yesterday, when an amendment
to pay the interest on the investments made by the execu-
tive for the government, was supported by the gentleman
himself. In that case, the appropriation was not made by
law. He hoped the gentleman from North Carolina would
withdraw his objections, and let the amendment be offered.
If this treaty with the Winnebagoes was not held, he feared
that the result would be, that the people of that section ofthe
country would drive them off. He insisted upon his appeal,
unless the gentleman withdrew his objections.
Mr. BIDLACK hoped the honorable chairman ofthe Com-
mittee of Ways and Means would withdraw his objections
and let the amendment be received. Ke was satisfied that, if
thecommittee understood this matter, there would be no
doubt on the minds of any or.o of the propriety of the ap-
propriation.
Mr. McKAY said that, from the representations that had
been made to him by gentlemen interested in the matter,
he was willing to withdraw his objection.
The question was then put on the amendment, and it was
agreed to.
Mr. SCHENCK moved to amend the section making ap-
propriations for the Wyandotte, by adding.the following:
'And to pay the remainder due for the appraised value
ofthe improvements .under that treaty $57,09424, in addi-
tion to the former appropriations made for that purrose."
Mr. S. addressed the committee at great length in favor of
this appropriation.
Mr VANCE caused also to be read some extracts fiom
official documents in illustration of the point in dispute
Mr. SCHENCK resumed, and continued the advocacy of
his amendment.
Mr. CAVE JONHSON moved the following as a substi-
tute for the amendment of Mr. Schunck:
"That tho valuation ofthe Wyandott Indians made by John
Caldwell, Samuel Waggoner, and Jas. Justice, and reported
to the becrctarvofWarthe 30th August, 1844, be, and the
same i«:hereby confirmed; and so much of the appropriation
ofthe last session in the act of l?th June. 1844, for the pay-
ment ol the Wyandott improvements in Ohio and Michigan,
be paid to said Indians according to the terms of said treaty.
Moulded, rhat the same shall be in full satisfaction of all
claims and demands for improvements under the 6th article
ol the treaty ol the 17th March, 1812  
Mr. CAVE JOHNSON said, the proposition rtow under
consideration had been brought to the consideration of the
r0!Pm^ttee on Indian Affairs by the reference of the report
of the Secretary of War, with the report of the Commission-
er oi Indian Affairs. Thecommittee had carefully examin-
edit, and had come to the conclusion that it was unjust to
pay the amount now claimed by the Wyandotts lie would
briefly state to the House the facts and the reasons which
induced the committee to come to that conclusion A trea-
ty had been made with the Wyandotts dated the day
p/———, 1842, by which the government agreed to give
the Wyandotts lands west of the Mississippi, ahd a certain
annuity, ($17,500,) and other moneys For schools, in lieu ol
the lands owned by them in Ohio, a little more than one
hundred thousahd acres, and a small piece in Michigan
near five thousand acres, and agreed to pav the In-
dians the value of their improv ements, to be ascertained by
two commissioners, to be appointed by the President of the
United States. Congress appropriated twenty thousand
dollais, upon the recommendation of the department, to
meet the valuation that might be made by the commission-
ers, which was at the time supposed to be ample for that
purpose. The President appointed Moses H. Kiihy and
John Walker commissioners to value the lands Under the
treaty. On the 17th of March, 1842, they made a report, by
which the improvements upon the twelve miles square in
Ohio were valued at .... $]2I,I,y> 24
And in Michigan .... *,939 50
$127,004 74
Such a valuation was deemed very extraordinary by the
Commissioner of Indian Affairs, but yet he considered it
obligatory upon the government, and recommended on ap-
propriation to meet it. The payment was refused by Con-
gress. The President then appointed thrcecommihsioueis
(the treaty only requiring two) to revalue the lands This
was done by John Caldw ell, Samuel Waggoner, and James
Justice, anil they repoited the 30th of Augu&t, 1814, allow-
ing the Indians for their improvement? in Ohio and Michi-
gan, $66,941, making a difference of $60,153 74. Such a dif-
ference m the valuation of the improvements in so small a
territory, occupied by Indians, could not but excite the sur-
prise ofthe committee. Upon the examination ofthe report
of Kirbv and Walker, they were satisfied that the grossest
injustice had been done to the government, and tne most
palpable fraud practised upon it
Mr. J. compared the valuation of the two sets of commis-
sioners in many cases, which he read from the report—
among them the following:
George Garret, Matthew and Joel Walker.
9 houses, valued at .... -$3,090
Value of fences ...... 1,12,-,
Value of fiuit trees ..... ^75
Value <">f cleared land ..... 3 gso
Value of wells ------ H5
$7,s.w
In the second report, the same place is valued as follows:
George Garret, William and Joel Walker.
1 frame house, tavern stand - - - -$500
1 hewed log house ...... 300
1 log house • - - - - 40
1 log house ... oq
1 spring house ------ 20
1 out house la
1 bee hoube jo
1 old cabin ....... jy
1 tavern barn ....... 275
1 frame stable • 45
1 old frame barn .... 150
1 cord crib and shed ' ia
$1,400
86 acres, opening, light clearing, at $5 per acre - 430
S4 acres bottomland, timbered, at $7 per acre - - 588
Garden fence - . - - - - 30
Fences - .... 254
Ditching meadow - 75
4 apple tree?, (1 choice) ....
60 do do •
60 do (2 choice) ....
38 do (3 choice) ....
2 cherry trees at -
1 pear tree ......
4 plum trees at $2 each ....
6 peach trees at $1 each ....
Well 
Mr. J said he had been particular in reading these items
to the House, that it might be seen how these things were
done by our oflicerh.
The House would perceive that, in valuing this farm of
170 acres, the first hoard made the value - • $7,855
The second at ----- - 3,286
Making a difference of
- $4,569
It will be seen that the clearing and fencing of "170 ftcres,
according to the first valuation, exceeds $28 per acre, ex*
eluding the buildings; take all the improvements together,
and they cost over $46 per acre; but, according to the sec.
ond valuation, the improvements cost $19 and a few cfefiU
per acre.
Mr. J. read also a similar valuation of thli improtarnfefct!
tif Charles B. Garret On 144 acres of land, Valued bV the jiret
Commissioners at -   - , - • / 9,975
Valued by the second commissioners at • - j^oeo
Making a difference of .... g ^
In making the calculation, as he had done in the other
case, it would be seen that we have to pay, according to
the first valuation, over sixty-nine dollars per acre for the
Indian improvements on 144 dcres; and according to the
second, over twenty dollars per afcre.
Mr. J. read from the valuation that there had been val-
ued—
Per Acre,.
Isaac fame's improvements by 1st board - - $31 10
Do do by 2d board • 18 40
Silas Armstrong's improvements by larboard - 24 21
Do do by 2d board - 15 14
Wm. Walker's improvements by 1st board . ' - 132 52
Do do by 2d board - - 59 74
Mr. J. said that 110 man could'read the reporU of the two
boards of commissioners, who knew anything of the value
of propei ty m the western country, or anything of Indian
improvements, without confidently pronouncing that jtl>ft
grossest fraud Had been practised upon the government iJj
the (Irst valuation of these improvements; and hence both
branches oi Congress had rejected the first valuation, and
icfusetl the appropriation, lie had not the means of inves-
tigating this subject thoroughly, nor the leisure at this
short session of Congress.
lie had heard a circumstance, which he believed to be
true, that might account in some degree for the extraordi-
nary valuation by the first, commissions. One of therit
(Walker) is said to haVe taken the benefit of the bankrupt
law a short time before his appointment, and after the ap-
pointment became posscssed^of a large quantity of goods,
which he opened for sale among these Wyandotts; snd we
cpu very readily sue how the pricb of the goods ahd readir
ncss 6t salt? might be made to depend upon the valuation of
these lands.
It is now said we must pay the first valuation, because it
was made under the treaty fiy our own officers, and if any
fraud was committed, it was by our own officers; that the
Indians woic not to blame; and that we must look to our
officers if we have been injured. He knew not whether it
was the act ot our officers alone, or the joint act between
them and the chief, or how, or by what mean*, the fraud ia
perpetiated; he was satisfied there was a fiaud—a gross
fiaud-aud the Indians and the government officers derived
the boiH'f't of it, or would it this nppropiiatibn was roado,
and he, though perfectly willing to pay the Indians evciy
doilai to which they weie entitled, would never give his
vote lor any &ueh claim. Fraud vitiated every act into
whi<*h it entered, and the government was bound by no
principle to sanction it in any manner whatever.
The relation^ ol the government with the Indians was
wliollj different trom that existing between independent
governments, or between individuals; and the principles
applicable to the latter cases, which had been urged with so
much earnestness, were not applicable to the former. This
government had always acted as the. guardian of the Indians,
and in our intercourse with them, we were bound to sefe
justice done them os well as to ourselves, if the valuation
had bct;n made so palpably flagrant Against the interests of
the Indians, it would certainly Jaave been the duty of Con-
gress to rectify such an error, and so we should now do in
behalf of the government.
The Committee on Indian Affairs have considered the-
whole matter involved m this amendment maturely, and
were xvjtisfied that the first_ valuation was grossly fraudu-
lent; that the soCond < ahidiion probably exceeded greatly
the real vein? of these improvements; but thej had thought
propel- to offer the Wyandotts the \\ hole valuation, as made
by the second commisbioners, in full satisfaction uf all claims
under that treaty, and he had prepared anil offered the
amendment to this bill in accordance with their u luhes.
Mr. VANfE contended that the valuations weie not too
high, and even if they were a little higher than they ought
to be, it would he the first time the Indians had ever got the
advantage of the United States. They were removed from
the homes of their childhood, and the graves of their
fathers, and the government should not higgle with them
for any little advantage that might be gained by this.
Mr. ST. JOHN oftcred some remarks, to show that great
frauds had been committed, and that the making the ex-
travagant appropriation asked for, would not be for the
benefit of the Indians, but for speculators. He stated,
on the best information, that one oi the commissioners had
established a store in the Indian country, where the valua-
tion was to be made, and sold goods at high prices to the
Indians, to be paid for out of the sum allowed by the gov-
ernment for their improvement. It was not surprising that
the valuation should have been made so extravagantly
high. He entered into an examination of each appraise-
ment, showing how it was made, and how much it went be-
yond what could be considered a just valuation ofthe profits
appraised.
He continued at some length further to oppose this
amendment. He contended that the amount now pioposed
to he paid would not go into the pockets of the Indians, but
of a special few.
He .said, in relation to a remark charging a desire to repu-
diate the obligations of the government, that the people he
represented were not a repudiating people, but they did ob-
ject to the payment of so large a sum for the benefit of
others than the Indians.
A desultory conversation ensued, in which Messrs.
VAN^'E, ST. JOHN, CAVE JOHNSON, BIDI>ACK,
BRENGLE, aud some others, took part.
The committer then voted on the amendment to the
amendment, and it was adopted by a majority of 75 to 45, as
reported by Messrs. John Stewart and Grinnell, tellers.
The question then recurred on the amendment as amend-
ed, which was agreed to by a majority of 76 to 41.
