CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE
U9
Mr. J, W. DAVIS, from the Committee on the
Public Lands, reported the bills following:
A hi!) to relinquish to the inhabitants 6f the par-
ish of Plaquemines, in the State of Louisiana, a cer-
tain lot of land.
A bill supplemental to an act for laying off the
towns of fort Madison and Burlington, in the coun-
ty of Desmoines, and towns of Bell view, Dubuque
and Peru, in the county of Dubuque, Territory of
Wisconsin, and for other purposes,' approved 2d
July, 1836, and the amendatory acts thereto, ap-
proved March 3, 1837, with a report accompany-
ing bill Wo". 587; which bills were severally read h
first and second time, and committed; the first to the
Committee of the Whole House, and the second to
the Committee of the Whole on the state of the
Union, and ordered to be printed.
Mr. GRIN NELL, from the committee on the
Pott GiTIce and Post Roads, reported, with an amend-
ment, the Senate resolution in favor of David Shaw
and Solomon T. Carter; which was committed to
the Committee of the Whole House, and ordered to
be printed.
Mr. SAUNDERS, from the Committee on the
Judiciary, reported, without amendment, Senate
bills—
For the lehef of Miles King and his assigns; and
For the relief of Asa Andrews, with an unfavor-
able report on the last bill; which bills were referred
to the Committee of the Whole House and ordered
to be printed.
Mr. DOUGLASS, from the same committee, re*
ported a bill to regulate the salaries of the district
judges of the district of Illinois and Indiana; which,
on motion of Mr. D., was referred to the Committee
of the Whole on the state of the Union, and ordered
to be printed.
On motion of Mr. FRENCH, from the same
committee, they were discharged from the consider-
ation of the case of Benjamin Fry, of J. H. Over-
street, and of George B. Didlakej and they were laid
on the table.
Mr. ROBERT SMITH, from the same commit-
tee, reported a bill for the relief of the heirs of Philip
R. Rice; winch was twice read, referred to the
Committee of the Whole House, and ordered to be
printed.
Mr. BENTON, from the Committee on Indian
Affairs, ieported a bill for the relief of John Hollis-
ter and others; which was twice read, referred to
the Committee of the Whole House, and ordered to
be printed.
On motion of Mr. HUGHES, from the same
committee, the committee were discharged from the
further consideration of the petition of Win. J.
Pine; and it was laid on the table.
Mr. BAKER, from the same committee, made an
adverse report on the petition of Fleming Wood;
which was laid on the table.
The allotted half hour for the reception of reports
expired.
Mr. VANCE obtained the floor, and moved that
the House proceed to the consideration of private
bills, being the regular order for to-day and to mor-
row. He, however, yielded the floor to Mr. Burke.
VOTES FOR PRESIDENT AND VICE PRESI-
DENT.
Mr. BURKE made the following report from the
committee appointed to ascertain and report a mode
of examining the votes for President and Vice Presi-
dent of the United States:
The committee on the part of the House of Representa-
tives, appointed to join such committtee as might be ap-
pointed on the part ot the Senate to ascertain and report a
mode ot examining the votes for President and Vice Presi-
dent of the United*" States, and of informing the persons elect-
ed of their,election, report—
That the joint committee, in pa) I execution of the duties
with which they were charged oy the two Houses of Con-
gress. have agieed to the following resolution, in wluch
resolution their committee recommend to the House to con-
cur:
Resolved, That the two Houses will assemble in the
ohornbfer ot the Houte of .Representatives on Wednesday,
the 12th day of February, 1846. at 12 o'clock*, that one per-
son be appointed teller on the part of the Senate, and two
pex^oiis bp appointed tellers on the part of the Home, to
'! H' i of the votes for President and Vice President oi
the !'nk" !  < the% shall be declared, that the result
be dohwrt.1 to the President of the Senate, who ^ ill an-
nounce to the iv, 3 Hon ;<>«, As-sembh d a? afonvai'l. the
of tlie vute, .aid uie person or person,-, elected, ii it shall ap-
y 3r '.s-at a cIk-h ■■ ha<h been matte agreeably to the eon-ti-
tntion ol tin* tTmt I Mntes, which annunciation shull b(>
dcen'Q 1 a «-i;Oc ient declaration ol the person or persons
eWtf'd: and xLat the said proceedings, together with a
list oI the votes. De entered on the journals of the two
How
Mr. B. said as the Joint Committee had reported
a similar resolution to the Senate, which would
probably be adopted by that body, he moved that
it be printed, and laid on the table until the resolu-
tion was received from the Senate.
The motion was agreed to.
The floor was next awarded to
Mr. DUNCAN, on whose motion the rules were
further suspended for half an hour for the reception
of reports.
Mr. CLINCH, from the Committee on Military
Affairs, reported a bill providing payment for cer-
tain military services in Florida.
Also, a bill to establish a military asylum for the
relief of invalid soldiers.
Both which were reported to the Committee of
the Whole on the State of the Union; the usual
number of each, and 011 motion of Mr. C. by gener-
al consent, 2,000 extra copies of the latter, ordered
to be printed.
On motion of Mr. FISH, from the Committee on
Military Affairs, that committee were discharged
from the further consideration of the petition of
Elizabeth Campbell, and it was referred to the Com-
mittee of Claims.
On motion of Mr. ATKINSON, from the Com-
mittee on Naval Affairs, that committee were dis-
charged from the consideration of the petition of
Francis Holton; and it was laid on the table.
Mr. ATKINSON also made an adverse report on
the petition of Jane Baker; which was laid on the
table.
Mr. SIMPSON, from the same committee, re-
ported a bill to provide for the preservation of the
public steam-ships, by the application of Raub's
and Barnum's self-acting safety valve to prevent ex-
plosion of steam-boilers, accompanied by a report
in writing; which was twice read, referred to the
Committee of the Whole on the state of the Union,
and ordered to be printed.
Mr. J. STEWART, from the same committee,
made an adverse report on the petition of mechan-
ics and. laborers in the navy-yard at Washington;
which was laid on the table.
On motion of Mr. S., the committee was dis-
charged from the consideration of the petition of
Samuel Colt; and it was laid on the table.
Mr. D. L. SEYMOUR, from the Committee on
Revolutionary Pensions, made an adverse report on
the Senate bill, making compensation for pension
agents; which bill and leport he moved to lay on
the table.
Mr. WELLER moved its reference to the Com-
mittee of the Whole on the state of the Union.
The motion of Mr. Seymour, after some con-
versation, was withdrawn, and that of Mr. Wel-
ler was agreed to.
Mr. SEYMOUR also repoited a bill for the re-
lief of William Couch; which was twice read, re-
ferred to the Committee of the Whole House, and
ordered to be printed.
Also, the bill from the Senate entitled An aet re-
stricting the grant of pensions in certain cases, with
an amendment thereto. Mr. S. moved the adoption
of the amendment and the passage of the bill.
After some conversation it was laid on the Speak-
er's table for the present.
Mr. M- BROWN, from the same committee, re-
ported the bills following:
A bill for the relief of George Rouse;
A bill for the relief of Lucy Davis; which bills,
with the accompanying reports, were referred to the
Committee of the Whole House, and ordered to be
printed.
IMPROVEMENTS IN IOWA.
Mr. OWEN, from the Committee on Roads and
Canals, reported a bill making appropriations for
certain improvements in the Territory of Iowa;
which was read twice, and referred to the Com-
mittee of the Whole on the state of the Union,
and ordered to be printed.
IMPROVEMENTS IN FLORIDA.
Mr. OWEN, from the same committee, reported a
bill making appropriations for improvements in
Florida; which was twice read, referred to the Com-
mittee of the Whole on the state of the Union, and
ordered to be piinted.
STATISTICS.
Mr. PRATT, from the Select Committee nn Sta-
ti.'tirn, nimle a report.
IMPROVEMENTS IN WISCONSIN.
Mr, JAMESON, from the Committee on Public
Lands, ieported a bill granting a certain quantity
of land to aid m the improvement of the Fox and
Wisconsin rivers, to connect the same by a canal
in the Territory of Wisconsin: read twice, and re-
ferred to the Committee of the Whole on the state
of the Union, and ordered to be pfinted.
Mr. JAMESON, from the same committee, re-
ported a bill for the relief of John Gr, McLeod, of
Iowa; which was twice read, and referred to the
Committee of the Whole House, and ordered to be
printed.
COUNTY SEAT.
Mr. JAMESON, from the same committee, re-
ported a bill granting to the county of Bates, in the
State of Missouri, the right of pre-emption to a
quarter section of land for county purposes: read
twice, and referred to the Committee of the Whole,
and ordered to be printed.
• LEGISLATURE OF WISCONSIN.
Mr. DUNCAN, from the Committee on Territo-
ries, reported a bill making appropriations for the
expenses of holding sessions of the legislature of the
Territory of Wisconsin in December, 1843, and
January, 1844: read twice, and referred to the Com-
mittee of the Whole on the state of the Union, and
ordered to be printed.
Mr. HOUSTON, from the Committee on Public
Lands, to which was referred the bill in regard to
the railroad leading from Jackson, through Brandon,
to the western boundary of Alabama, reported the
same with amendments; and the same was referred
to the Committee of the Whole on the state of the
Union.
LIMITS OF GEORGETOWN, D. C.
Mr. STETSON, from the Committee for the Dis-
trict of Columbia, reported, without amendment, the
bill to alter the corporate limits of the town of
Georgetown, D. C.; and the same, by general con-
sent, was carried through its different stages, and
CLAIMS ON MEXICO.
Mr. C. J. 1NGERSOLL, from the Committee on
Foreign Relations, to which had been referred the
bill to provide for the adjustment and settlement of
the claims of American citizens on the republic of
Mexico, reported the same without amendment; and
it was referred to the Committee of the Whole on
the state of the Union.
DEFENCE OF BALTIMORE.
Mr. J. P. KENNEDY presented a memorial of
the mayor and city council of Baltimore, brought on,
as he said, by a delegation appointed for that pur-
pose, praying for appropriations for the defence of
that city: referred to the Committee of the Whole
on the state of the Union.
PRIVATE BILLS.
On motion by Mr. VANCE, the House resolved
itself into Committee of the Whole House, (Mr.
Weiakr, of Ohio, in the chair,) for the purpose of
proceeding with the private calendar; and the fol-
lowing bills were laid aside to be reported to the
House:
A bill to extend the time for locating Virginia
military land warrants, and returning surveys to the
land office.
A bill for the relief of Elliot Smith and Nathan
Farnsworth.
A bill for the relief of the heirs of John Forsyth.
A bill for the relief of Ira Baldwin.
A bill for the relief of Stanley White.
A bill for the relief of Georgetown, in the District
of Columbia.
A bill for the relief of Samuel D. Walker, of
Baltimore.
A bill for the relief of James Curwen, surviving
partner of Curwen & Willing.
A bill for the relief of Jasher Adams and John
Adams, jr.
A bill for the relief of Harvey & Slagg.
A bill for the relief of Jacob Boston,
A bill for the relief of BennetM. Dell.
A bill for the relief of Elisha Morrell, administra-
tor of Joseph Icard, deceased.
A bill for the relief of Adino Goodenough.
A resolution authorizing the Secretary of War to
pay any balance that may be due the Shawnee In-
dians who served in the Florida war.
A bill for the relief of William Gove.
A bill for the relief of Lot Davis.
A bill for the relief of Joseph Nock.
A bill for the relief of Joseph M. Rhea.
A bill for the relief of Walker, Kwk'e, and Ca-
ruthers.
A bill for the relief of Joseph and Lindsay
Ward.
A bill for the relief of Edward A. Lambert.
