'2 GO
CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE
A "bill for the relief of James S. Campbell,
An act granting a pension to James Duffy.
A bill for the relief of Susannah Scott.
A bill for the relief of Elizabeth Fitch.
A bill for the relief of the legal representatives of
Alexander Mitchell.
A bill for the relief of Asaac Allen.
A bill for the relief of Philip Schwartztrauber.
A bill for the relief of Elijah Blodget.
A bill for the relief of Daniel Homans.
A bill'for the relief of Richard Elliett.
A bill "for the' relief of Wm. Rich.
An act (from the Senate) for the relief of J. Mc-
Farlane.
A bill for the relief of the Bank of the Metro-
polis.
A bill for the relief of Wm. Gump.
A bill for relief of John Ficklin.
An act (from the Senate) for the relief of James
Ritchie.
An act (from the Senate) for the relief of Gideon
Batchelder and others.
A bill for the relief of Arthur R. Frogge of Fen-
tress county, Tennessee, (with an amendment, on
motion of Mr. Cvllou, reducing the pension grant-
ed from $15 to §10 per month.)
A bill for the relief of Asenath Orvis.
A bill for the relief of the sureties of William
Estes, late paymaster of the 4th -regiment of Virginia
tioops, stationed at Norfolk during the last war.
A bill for the relief of March Farrington.
A bill for the relief of Henry N. Halsted.
A bill for the relief of Justin Jacobs.
A bill placing the name of Benjamin Allen upon
the invalid pension roll.
A bill for the relief of Harrison Whitson.
A bill for the relief of Isabella Baldriefge, widow
of Captain John Baldridge, deceased.
A bill for the relief of John H. Mcintosh.
A bill for the relief of George Wenthng.
A bill for the relief of Jacob L. Vance, of Ohio.
A bill for the relief of Charles R. Allen, of Rich-
mond, Virginia.
A bill for the relief of John P. Converse.
A bill supplemental to the act for the relief of
John Hollingsworth, of Blount county, Alabama,
approved 28th June, 1838.
A bill for the relief of John Boyd.
A joint resolution for the relief of Sellers and Pen-
Dock.
A bill for the relief of Joseph Ramsey.
A bill for the relief of George B. Russell.
A bill to pay Capt. John B. Crozier's company of
mounted voluuteers, Tennessee militia.
A bill for the relief of Peter Von Schmidt.
A resolution authorizing an allowance to Parser
D. W. Thornton in the settlement of his accounts.
A bill for the relief of the president, directois, and
company of the Dismal Swamp Canal.
An act granting a pension to George Whitlen.
A bill for the relief of John E Wright.
A bill for the relief of Daniel H. Warren.
A bill for the relief of Thomas Bronaugh.
A bill for the relief of Francis Summetaner.
A bill for the relief of Joseph Watson.
The committee then rose, and reported these bills
to the House.
Mr. COBB moved that the Committee of the
Whole be discharged from the further consideration
of the bill for the relief of the heirs of James C.
Watson, and that it be laid upon the Speaker's table.
Some conversation took place between Mr. COBB,
Mr. G1DDINGS, Mr. BELSER, Mr. VANCE,
and other gentlemen.
The motion being received by general consent,
(Mr. GIDD1NGS having withdrawn his objection
on a pledge from Mr. COBB that the bill should not
be pressed to a passage without affording opportu-
nity to gentlemen interested to give their views
thereon,) was agreed to; and the bill was laid upon
the Speaker's table.
PRESIDENTIAL VOTES.
The joint resolution, received from the Senate, in
relation to counting the presidential votes, was, on
, motion of Mr. BURKE, taken up and agreed to.
The House then adjourned.
The following notices of petitions presented to-
day, weie handed to the reporters by the members
presenting them:
13*'""lr SOWKR: Th^ petition 01 L L an.l
Othi'.-S, p.dying tint a tri-'.vcckly nnii route V .-stthllslwd
lio-r. Columbus, Illinois, to lUmulial, u toe -jteLe o Ji.s-
f onn, which was referred to the lormm.teo on lie lofct
Oiiiee anil FostjUoads. ,
By Mr. McILVAINE: The petition of citizens of New
Castle county, Delaware, and Chester county, Pennsylva-
nia, praying for ihe erec tion of a post road from Wilming-
ton, Delaware, through Uentrevillo, rennsville, Hamorton,
Kennett Square, to Unionville, in Chester county, Pennsyl-
vaxiia.
By Mr HOGE: The petition of 138 citizens of the State
of Illinois, praying the establishment of a mail route fiom
Peoria to Albany, in said State ot Illinois, via Mount Hawly
Wyoming, Toulon, Wethersfield, Geneseo, Sharon, and
C randall'!. ferry: referred to the Committee of the Whole on
the state of the Union. The petition of 75 citizens of the State
of Illinois, praying the establishment of a mail route from
  to Warsaw, in said State of Illinois, via Warren,
Shokokon, fc,ast Bend, Apanooce, and Nauvoo: referred to
the Committee of the Whole on the state of the Union.
By Mr. SUBPARD CaRY: The petition of Mary Buck,
ol liucksport, for a pension: referred to the. Committee on
Revolutionary Tensions,
IN SENATE.
Saturday, February 8, 1845.
The PRESIDENT pro. fern, laid before the Sen-
ate a memorial from the legislature of Illinois, pray-
ing the passage of an act granting a pension to
Thomas Morgan: referred to the Committee on
Pensions.
Also presented a petition from John Stevens and
others, citizens of New York, praying for a reduc-
tion of the rates of postage to two ccnts for all parts
of the United States: ordered to he on the table.
Also laid before the Senate a report from the Post
Office Department, showing the number of the fail-
ures of the niail to and from New Orleans, during
the last twelve months, and the steps taken by the
department to correct the evil.
On motion by Mr. JOHNSON it was ordered to
be printed, and referred to the Committee oil the
Post Office and Post Roads.
Mr. WOODBURY presented a memoriel from
Jesse D. Elliot, praying for the reimbursement of
expenses incurred by him while commander-in-
chief of the United States naval force in the Medi-
terranean sea, in receiving and entertaining oil board
his ship the chief personages of foreign courts and
their suite: referred to the Committee on Naval
Affairs.
Mr. BATES presented a petition from David
Ames, puiymg for the fulfilment of the awards of
the arbitrators for settling certain controversies be-
tween him and the United States, relative to the
rights of the respective parties to elect mill dams in
Mill river, in Springfield, Massachusetts: referred
to the Committee on the Judiciary.
Mr. BUCHANAN piesented a memorial from
several citizens of Wayne county, Pennsylvania,
asking Congress to reject all propositions for the an-
nexation of Texas to "the United States: ordered to
lie on the table.
On motion by Mr. JARNAGIN, the Committee
on Revol'iciotmry Claims was discharged from the
further consideration of the bill for the relief of the
legal representatives of John Hart, deceased, and it
was referred to the Committee oil Private Land
Claims.
Mr. WOODBRIDGE, from the Committee on
Public Lands, to which was referred the petition of
John Kussel, reported a bill, in addition to the sev-
eral resolves and acts of Congress providing for,
or relative to, the grant of bounty lands to the offi-
cers and soldiers of the revolution upon the con-
tinental establishment; which was read, and ordeied
to a second reading.
On motion by Mr. HUNTINGTON, the Com-
mittee on Commerce was discharged from the
further consideration of the memorial of citizens of
New Castle county, Delaware, praying for the erec-
tion of a custom-house at Wilmington, Delaware.
Mr. ARCHER presented a memorial from sun-
dry citizens of Pennsylvania, asking for a change in
the naturalization laws: referred to the Judiciary
Committee.
On motion by Mr. HANNEGAN, the previous
orders of the day were postponed, and the joint
resolution for the relief of Seth M. Leavenworth
was taken up, and considered as in committee of the
whole, reported to the Senate, and ordered to be en •
grossed for a third reading.
On motion by Mr. DICKINSON, the bill provi-
ding for appeals in cases of bankruptcy, was taken
up for consideration as in committee of the whole on
an amendment of the Judiciary Committee.
Mr. BERRIEN stated the provisions of the bill,
as follows:
'•That fiom the final tltoivt-of any district court of the
I'nited States, uttinir as u bankrupt court, umi
summary jurisdiction m bankruptcy, ill any casebioujht or
to he brought by or against 3 party who lias not prot c<l Ins
debt or dcm&ad against the bankrupts estate, and who
not claim under the bankruptcy, but adversely to it, by vir-
tue of a State lien or otherwise, where the matter in disrate
exceeds live hundred dollars'value, an appeal shall lie to the
circuit court of sucli district, under such rules and regula.
tions as now are, or hereafter may be, provided by Jaw for
the removal of eases by appeal from the district to the cir-
cuit courts of the United States; and from the final decree of
the circuit coutt, in any such" case so removed, where the
matter in dispute exceeds two thousand dollars' value, an
appeal shall be allowed to the Supreme Court of the United
States, in the like manner, and under the like rules and reg-
ulations, as now are, or hereafter may be, provided hy law
for the removal of cases by appeal from the said circuit
courts to the said Supreme Court."
Mr. B. went on to show that this bill was intend-
ed to carry out the intentions of the original law;
and showed its necessity as a matter of justice. He
said that the object of the bill was to meet a variety
of cases, in which summary jurisdiction, contem-
plated to be given to the district judges by the bank-
rupt law in some cases, have been applied to
rases which did not enter into the contemplation of
that law when it was passed by Congress.
The amendment of the Judiciary Committee was
agreed to, arid the bill was reported to the Senate,
and ordered to be engrossed for a third reading.
Mr. HAYWOOD called for the yeas and nays on
the passage of the bill. He expressed himself in
opposition to the bill, made a legal argument against
it, and contended that it would, if passed, lead to a
multitude of suits, and the revival of the whole le-
gal machinery of the bankrupt law, which had been
repealed.
Mr. DICKINSON and Mr. BERRIEN made a
long argument in favor, and Mr. CllOATE in op-
position, to the bill, when, on motion by Mr. MER-
RICK, it was laid on the table for the present.
Oil motion by Mr. ARCHER, it was resolved
that the Committee on Commerce bo instructed to
inquire into the expediency of continuing the estab-
lishment of a port of entry at Dumfries, 111 the State
of Virginia.
Mr. MILLER, from the Committee, 011 the Dis-
trict of Columbia, reported back, without amend-
ment, the bill from the llouso to alter the corporate
limits of Georgetown.
POSTAGE BII.L.
The general orders having been announced, the en-
grossed bill to reduce the rates of postage, to limit
the use and correct the abuse of the franking privi-
lege, and for the prevention of frauds on the reve-
nues of the Post Office Department, was taken upon
its third reading.
Mr. FOSTER called the attention of the chairman
of the Post Office Committee to the sixteenth section,
for which there was now 110 occasion.
Mr. MERRICK said it was only by mistake or
oversight it was not left out. The sixteenth section
solely related to forgeries of stamps 6r covcrs to be
furnished members of Congress in lieu of the privi-
lege of franking their letters. But the Senate having
thrown out that provision, and reinstated the prin-
ciple of member* fianking their own letters, there
we, of course 110 necessity whatever for the six-
teenth section. Bygeneral consent the section could
be struck out.
It was accordingly, by general assent, struck
out.
Mr. ASHLEY called the chairman's attention to
the 23d section, [jn which, in the printed bill as
amended, there was an error—the limitation of $2(10
per tuite foi euiryirig the mail on first class railroads
being retained, though the Senate had struck it
out.j
Mr. MERRICK said it was a misprint. The en-
grossed bill was correct.
Mr. HANNEGAN called the attention of the
chairman of the Post Office Committee to an omis-
sion in the last section, in which the franking privi-
lege was reserved to the widows of Mr. Madison
and Genera! Harrison. The Senate, according to
his impiession,aud that of mo3t senators, had agreed
to preserve the privilege to ex-Presidents Adams,
Jackson, and Van Uuren.
Mr. MERRICK said the correction could bo
made by general assent.
Mr. BERRIEN suggested that there was 110 good
reason why the President, while in office, should not
have the privilege.
Mr. SEVIER asked, would not President Tyler
be an ex-President after the 4th of March, and
why not name him among the ex-Presidents'
Mr. MERRICK raid that, when he proposed yes
terday to include the President and oil ex-Presidents,
it was in view of that difficulty; but the Senate re-
fused to take his proposition.
Mr. WOODBURY understood that, as the sug-
