CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
261
gestion to amend thedast section by genera] assent
now stood, the President of the United States,
while in office, was not to have the franking priv-
ilege. it seemed strange to deny it to a President
in office, but grant it to liim when out of officc.
Mr. MERRICK assured the senator from New
Hampshire that he saw no good reason for it at
all, but that the Senate had overruled him and made
it so.
Mr. FOSTER put it to the Senate—was it con-
sistent with its own dignity not to provide for the
extension of the privilege to President Tyler as well
as other ex-Presidents, when he retires from office?
If it was neglected, it would be attributed to mo-
tives that he was sure every senator who heard
him would scorn to indulge. Everybody knew he
had his prejudices in that quarter as well as others
of his political friends; but, on such an occasion as
this, he was willing to give them up; and he was
sure such was the general feeling of the Senate.
Mr. DICKINSON suggested that everything
proposed could be attained by the simple addition
to the retention of the privilege to the two ladies,
widows of Presidents, of the words, "to the Presi-
dent of the United States while in office, and to all
ex-Presidents of the United States and".
Mr. MERRICK accepted, and recommended the
proposition m that form.
Mr. TAPPAN suggested that the ex-Vice Presi-
dents should be included.
To this suggestion there was a manifest opposi
tion; so it was not considered.
By unanimous assent, the amendment by Mr.
Dickinson was made, and the bill was then read
hrough a third time, amended, as follows:
A BILL to reduce the rates of postage, to limit the
use and correct the abuse of the franking privilege,
and for the prevention of frauds on the revenues
of the Post Office Department.
Be it enacted by the Senate and Home of Representa-
tives of the United States of America in Congress assem-
bled, That, from and after the passage of this act, in
lieu of the rates of postage now established by law,
there shall be charged the following rates, viz: For
every single letter, in manuscript, or paper of any
kind by or upon which information shall be asked
for or communicated in writing, or by marks and
signs, conveyed in the mail, five cents; and for a
double letter, there shall be charged double this rate;
and for a treble letter, treble this rate; and for a quad-
ruple letter, quadruple this rate; and every letter or
parcel not exceeding half an ounce in weight, shall
be deemed a single letter; and every additional
weight of half an ounce, or additional weight less
than half an ounce, shall be chargcd with an addi-
tional single postage; and ail drop letters, or lettois
placed in any post office, not for transmission by
mail, but for delivery only, shall be charged with
postage at the rate of two cents each. And all let-
ters which shall hereafter be advertised as remaining
over in any post office shall, when delivered out, be
charged with the costs of advertising the same, in
addition to the regular postage, both to be accounted
for as other postages now are.
Sec. 2. And be it further cnackd, That all news-
papers of no greater size or supeificies than nineteen
hundred square inches may be transmitted through
the mail, by the editors or publishers there of, to all
subscribers or other persons within thirty miles of
the city, town, or other placc, in which the paper is
or may be printed, free of any charge for postage
whatever; and all newspapers of and under the size
aforesaid, which shall be conveycd in the mail at
any distance beyond thirty miles from the place
which the same may be printed, shall be subject to
the rates of postage chargeable upon the same under
the thirtieth section of the act of Congress approved
the third of March, one thousand eight hundred and
twenty-five, entitled "An act to reduce into one the
several acts for establishing and regulating the Post
Office Department;1' and upon all newspapers of
greater size or superficial extent than nineteen hun-
dred square inches, there shall be charged and col-
lected the same rates of postage as aie prescribed
by this act to be charged on magazines and pam-
phlets.
Sec. 3. And be ii further enacted. That all printed
or lithographed circulars and handbills or advertise-
ments, printed or lithographed on quarto post or
single cap paper, or paper not larger than single
cap, folded, directed, and unsealed, shall be charged
with postage at the rate of two cents for each sheet,
and no more, whatever be the distance the same
may be sent; and all pamphlets, magazines, period-
icals, and every other kind and description of print-
ed or other matter, (except newspapers,) which
shall be unconnected with any manuscript commu-
nication whatever, and which it is or may be lawful
to trasmit by the mail of the United States, shall
be charged with postage at the rate of two and a
half cents for each copy '(sent, of no greater weight
than one ounce, and one cent additional shall be
charged for each additional ounce of the weight of
every such pamphlet, magazine, matter, or thing,
which may be transmitted through the mail, what-
ever be the distance the same may be transported;
and any fractional excess, of not less than one-half
of an ounce, in the weight of any such matter or
thing, above one or more ounces, shall be charged
for as if said excess amounted to a full ounce.
Sec. 4. And be it farther enacted, That the
Postmaster General be, and he is hereby,
authorized upon all mail routes over or
upon which the .amount of matter usually
transported, or which m^y be offered or deposited
in the post office or post offices for transportation is
or may become so great as to threaten materially te
letard the progress or endanger the security of the
letter mail, or to cause any considerable augmenta-
tion of the cost of transporting the whole mail at the
{•resent rate of speed, to provide for the separate
and more secure conveyance of the letter mail, at a
speed at least equal to that at which the mail is now
transported over such route, taking care to allow in
no case ofany greater delay, in the transportation of
the other matters and things to be transported in the
mail on any such route, than may appear to be ab-
solutely necessary, regard being had to the cost of
expediting its transportation, and the means at his
disposal or under his control for elfecting the same.
Sec. 5. And be if farther enacted, That the twen-
ty-seventh section of the act of Congress entitled
"An act to reduce into one the several acts for es-
tablishing and regulating the Post Office Depait-
ment," approved and signed the third day of March,
in the year one thousand eight hundred and twenty-
live, and all other acts and parts of acts granting and
conferring upon any person whatever the rijit or
privilege to icecive and transmit through the mail,
free of postage, letters, packets, newspapers, peii-
odicala, or other matters, be, and the same aie here-
by, utterly abrogated and repeated.
Sec. 6. And be it further enacted, That, from and
after the passage of this act, all officers of the gov-
ernment of the United States, heictofore having the
franking privilege, shall be authorized and requned
to keep an account of all postage chargcd to and
payable by them, respectively, upon letters, pack-
ages, or o her matters, received thiough the mail,
touching the duties or bnsinecss of their respective
offices; and said accounts for postage, upon being
duly verified by said officers, respectively, shall be
allowed and paid quarter yearly, out of the contin-
gent fnml of the bureau or department to which the
officers aforesaid made respectively belong or be
attached. And the three assistant postmasters gen-
eral shall be entitled to have remitted by the post-
master in Washington all postage charged upon let-
ters, packages, or other matter, receiv<d by Urcnu,
respectively, through the mail, touching the business
of the Post Office Depaitment, or the particuku
branch of that business committed to them, respect-
ively: and each of the said assistant postmaster? gen-
eral shall be, and hereby is, authorised to transmit
through the mail, free of postage, any letters, pack-
ages, or other matters, relating exclusively to hia
official duties, or to the business of the Post Office
Department; but he shall, in every such case,
endorse on the back of the letter or package
so to be sent free of postage, over his own
signature, the words "official business." And
for any such endorsement falsely made, the
peisons so offending shall foifcit and pay three
hundred dollars. And the several deputy post-
masters throughout the United States shall be au-
thorized to chaige, and have allowed to them m the
settlement of their accounts with the Post Office De-
partment, all postage which they may have paid or
had charged to them, respectively, for letters, pack-
ages, or other matters, received by them on the busi-
ness of their respective offices or of the Post Office
Department, upon a verification on oath of their ac-
counts for the same, and the transmission of the
charged letters as vouchers; and the said several dep-
uty postmasters shall be, and hereby are, authorized
to send through the mail, free of postage, all letters
and packages which it may be their duty, or they
may have occasion to transmit to any person or
place, and which shall relate exclusively to the busi-
ness of their respective offices, or to the business of
the Post Office Department; but in every such tase,^
the deputy postmaster sending any such letter or"
package shall endorse thereon, over his own signa-
ture, the words "post office business.1' And for
any and every such endorsement falsely made, the
person making the same shall forfeit and pay thite
hundred dollars. And when the commissions of
any postmaster amount to less than twenty-five dol-
lars per annum, it shall be lawful for the Postmaster
General 'to increase the rate of his commissions: Pro-
vided; That they do not exceed exceed fifty per cent,
on letter postage accruing at such office. And the post-
master General is hereby required to cause accounts to
be kept of the postage that would be chargeable, at
the rates prescribed m this act, upon all matter pass-
ing free through the mail, according to the provisions
of this act; and the sums thus chargeable shall be
paid to the Post Office Department, from the contin-
gent funds-of the two Houses of- Congress, and of
the other departments of the government for which
such mail service may have been performed; and
where there is no such fund, that they be paid out
of the treasury of the United States.
Sec. 7. Jind be it further enacted. That the act of
Congress entitled "An act authorizing the governors'
of the several States, to transmit by mail certain
books and documents," approved June the 30th.,
1834, shall remain and continue in full force, any-
thing hereinbefore to the contrary notwithstanding;
and the members of Congress, the delegates from
Territories, the Secretary of the Senate, and the clerk
of the House of'Representatives, shall bo, and they
are hereby, authorized to transmit, free of postage,
to any post office within the United States, or the.
Territories thereof, any documents which have been
or may be printed by order of either House of Con-
gress, anything in this law to the contrary notwith-
standing.
Sec. 8. And be it further enacted, That each
member of the Senate, each member of the
House of Representatives, and each delegate
ftom a Territory of the United State?, tho
Secretary of the Senate, and the Clerk of the TTou^n
of RepiesenUtives, may, during each session of
Congress, and for a period of thirty days before the
commencement and thirty days after the end of each
and every session of Congress, send and receive
through the mail, free of postage, any letter, news-
paper, or packet, not exceeding two ounces in
weight; and all postage charged upon any letters,
packages, petitions, memorials, or other matters or
things, received during any session of Congress, by
any senator, member or delegate of the House of
Representatives, touching his official or legislative
duties, by reason of any excess of weight, above
two ounces, of the matter or thing so received, shall
he paid out of the contingent fund of the House of
which the person receiving the same may'be a mem-
ber. And they shall have the right to frank wiitten
letters from themselves during the whole year, as
now authorized by law.
St:c. 9. And be itfuUhcr enacted, That it shall not
be lawful for any person or persons to establish any
private cxpicss or expresses for the conveyance, nor
m any manner to cause to be conveyed, or provide
for the conveyance or transportation, by regular
trips, or at stated periods or intervals, from one
city, town, or other place, to any other city,
town, or place; in the United States, between
and fiom and to which cities, towns, or other "\
places, the United States mail is regularly transport- \
ed, under the authority of the Post Office Depart- \
ment, of any letters, packets, or packages of In-
ters, or other matter properly transmitable in the
United States mail, except newspapers, pamphlets,
magazines, and periodicals; and each and every per-
son offending against this provision, or aiding and
assisting theiein, or acting as such private express,
shall, for each time any letter or letters, packet or
packages, or other matter properly transmitable by
mail, except newspapers, pamphlets, magazines, awl
periodicals, shall or may be, by him, her, or them,
or through his, her, or their means or instrumentali-
ty, in whole or in pait, conveyed or transported,
coritraiy to thetiue intent, spirit, and meaning of
this section, forfeit and pay the sum of one hundred
and fifty dollars.
Sec. 10. And be it fu-ither enacted, That it shall
not be lawful for any stage coach, railroad car,
steamboat, packet boat, or other vehicle or vessel
nor any of the owners, managers, servants, or
crews of either, which regularly performs trips at
stated periods on a post route, or between two or
more cities, towns, or other places, from one to the '
