264
;XT?f'¥3
with an entire revolution of the arguments he has
been Wielding for the last ten Qf ^ "
agmnst high taxation. Instead of arguing as
Wrf ,eretofclre done, in favor of reducing the
particular ta??tlon> he pes for sustaining it in this
w SS?' howe™r- ^at postage is not
did nut JIvW ®i fu • S') contended it was an out
™Ui £rt A M ^at' '2°' wlthcmt tlle excuses that
palliated other modes of taxation. Whom do you
M,Uin/iTr °Wn Cltlz^s5 and there is no benefit re-
or nnf V , J °"e' 0U neither bencfit a"y °"e in
what<■ ?? ?°untry- But> instead of retaining
what is felt to be a grievous burden of taxation in
PvPvHlo t';T- ?Ce,lt',and y°u at once benefit
hnth^n ' i 18 u°r benefit of the community,
both m regard to the general diffusion of intelligence
and the facilities of business. You not only in-
f„re^se.u c I1?6®/18 °.f '"tercommunication, but en-
large trie held of social happiness, and augment the
enjoyments of domestic life.
Of all the reasoning he had ever heard, that of the
senator against the reduction of postage was the
most extraordinary. The senator says it is taking
the burden off of those who enjoy the benefits, and
malting those pay it who get none of the service, and
do not want. it.
Surely, if the honorable senator had heard the
statements made to the Senate by the chairman of
the Fost Office Committee during the progress of this
bill, he would have seen that the very reverse of his
position was the fact. It is those who get the larg-
est amount of mail service who pay the least to-
wards sustaining the department; and those who get
the least pay the most. The converse of his prop-
osition is demonstrated by these facts: the Postmas-
ter Oteneral's annual report shows that the letter
postage received for the last year was §3,676,161 S3
and the newspaper postage §549,743 83. The ex-
penditure _ of _ the department was $4,296,867 70.
io sustain it, the letter postage contributed, in
r°und numbers, three millions and a half
of dollars, and the newspaper postage half
a million. The service, however, was m a dif-
ferent proportion. The weights of the newspaper
mail was eight-fold greater than that of the letter
man, and the expense consequently eight times
greater.^ Was it not apparent, then, that the letter
mail, wmch cost the least for transportation, and
yielded the most revenue, had to sustain the news-
paper mail, which required the largest expenditure
for the public service, and yielded the least revenue?
Was it not manifest that those who got the least
benefits from the service paid ten times as much
as those who got the most? This bill proposes to
charge a uniform rate of letter postage, of five cents.
If this reduction confers a benefit on those who
send or receive letters, it does not lessen the benefits
derived by the community in relation to newspapers
and the diffusion of intelligence by printed matter
sent through the mail; for these benefits, too, are
enlarged by the bill.
But the senator seems to think the delusion that
postage is a tax, is kept up by the fact that a per-
son paying a quarter of a dollar at a post office for a
letter feels it more directly than he does the eight or
ten dollars extra which he pays his (Mr. S.'s)
constituents, individually, on their cotton goods. It
really seemed strange to him, (Mr. S.,) that after
twenty years of experience, some people could not
find out that, instead of paying more for their cotton
goods m consequence of protection, these goods
were, year after year, growing cheaper and cheaper,
and that they are at last obtained at lower prices
than they have ever been obtained for before.
How could it injure the farmer in Illinois, who,
heretofore, had to pay 25 cents each for his letters,
to have, in future, to pay only 5 cents? If he re-
quired no letters, would lie not still feel the benefits
of the increased facilities afforded by this bill m re-
ceiving intelligence and printed mformaiion of great
value to him?
The senator apprehends that this measure will
result in enormous exactions on the public treasury;
that the high rates of postage ought to be kept up,
and competition with the department put down by
law.
This does not harmonize well with his general
doctrines. He assumes, too, that this bill will give
no income to the department—or how was it to
become a burden on the treasury? Now, it was
easy to show that, even with the present correspon-
dence passing through the mail at the rateof five
cents possage, no such burden could,fall upon the
treasury as to affect it; but surely no senator would
Contend that an increased correspondence was not to
CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE
be expected from the great reduction of postage pro-
posed. In England, prior to the establishment of
the penny-postage system—the rates of postage be-
ing high like ours-the correspondence; compared
with the population, was m the same proportion
that it is here, computing our correspondence by
our population. It the change then occasioned a£
increase four-fold, why should it not do the same
here? The increase required here at 5 cents postage,
to sustain the department, was only a fraction of
the increase which had taken place in England.
There was, therefore no ground whatever for ap-
prehension that the department would be thrown
upon the treasury as a burden.
Mr. McDUFFIE asked jvhat was the increase of
adontlon retlCe EnSland. whic!l followed the
adoption of the penny postage system, and if there
"of*,conslderabIe deficit of revenue.
tiombut proposed answering the ques-
Mr. SIMMONS continued, and explained that
there was no deficit now; on the contrary, there was
a surplus of revenue from the penny postage in
England. The income of the British post office for
Sfi7 11 i1ulng£ JanuaT  1844, was .£1,620,-
8b/, lis. 10d.—the expenditure .£977,140, 7s. 5^1.-
leavmg a net surplus of revenue.of<£643,727 4s din''
OHtoof which .£564,577, Os. 7d. was handed over to'
the admiralty to reimburse the expense of the packet
service: still leaving a surplus of<€79,150 3s 9'n
or nearly $400,OOQ? -wo,->s. jlP.,
Mr. McDUFFIE. But what was the result of
the first year?
Mr. SIMMONS. There was a great falling off
of revenue fthe first year, because, in Engltnd,
up to that time, the post office had been a sourcc of
revenue, which, under the new system, was no
longer the principal object. The statements lie had
quoted were for the last year.
Mr. McDUFFIE. The revenue under the nennv
postage system exhibited a very great falling off
from former years.
Mr. SIMMONS. Certainly: but revenue was
no longer the object; it was to give the public the
benefits and blessings of e.hcap postage. There the
post office had always been looked to before as a
source of revenue; but that was given up for the
sake of extending the benefits of the service to the
public. Although the falling off of revenue at first
was considerable, yet the increase of correspond-
ence was continuous ever since. In this country,
the Post Office Department never has been looked to
for revenue. It never was contemplated that it
should be. Now he had riot any donbt himself,
that, if our postage was reduccd to two cents, cor-
responding with the penny-postage system in Eng-
land, the increase of our correspondence would be
just as great as the increase had been in England,
if not greater. But as we did not propose to go so
low as two cents, we did not calculate on so large
an increase, ln the proportion in which we had
consented to reduce our postage, it was fair to ex-
pect that our increase of correspondence would be
twofold. It did not, however, require half this in-
crease to sustain the department.
Mr. McDUFFIE had no confidence whatever in
the calculations of an increase of correspondence
from cheap postage. He did not believe there was
a farmer in the country who would write one
letter more because he would have to pay only
5 cents instead of 10 or 15 cents. The only bene-
fits the reduction would confer, would be those to
the manufacturing and commercial districts. These
benefits (hey would enjoy at the expense of the
whole community.
Mr. McD. recapitulated his preceding views in
relation to the effects of this measure.
Mr. MERRICK knew very well the Senate was
weary of discussion on this bill. He would not,
therefore, prolong the debate by reiterating argu-
ments already fully considered. He should, how-
ever, ask the senator from South Carolina to take
into consideration that the bill, in its present form,
differed essentially from that which he hadrepoited
fiom the Committee on the Post Office. And al-
though it was not now all that he wished it to be,
still he would give it his cordial support; for he felt
assured, notwithstanding the alterations made,
which he considered injudicious and injurious, in
the end it would prove a good and bcneficial meas-
ure, satisfactory to the country, and not likely to
burden the treasury, as the senator supposed. It
may possibly render a call upon the treasury for
some small amount in the first year, and pos-
sibly to a less amount in the second year, ne-
cessary; but he was satisfied that, by the third
,yh?r' r! WM Ttam the department, and
T y,eld(£mPle m®ans for such extension of
the service as the wants of the country mav de-
mand. He did not, indeed, feel sure that it Joukl
not sustmn the department the first year; he hoped
it would, but he should not be surprised if it would
fall short a million of dollars, though he was certain
the deficit could not exceed that. Even if there
was a small deficit the second year, it would not
alarm him; for he felt full confidence that the third
and, indeed, he believed the second year the depart-
ment would sustain itself. The senator had not
heard the statement he made to the Senate some
days ago, as to the basis of his (Mr. M.'s) calcula-
tions, when framing the bill. He would repeat a few
of the items of that statement.
He had ascertained from the reports ofthedc-
paitment, that, in 1836, (prior to the interference of
private expresses) the correspondence of this coun-
try was 30,000,000 of letters. The increase, since,
consequent upon the increase of population would,
but for the private expresses, have brought the
amount up to 50,000,000. Allowing the reduction
of postage from the present rates to 5 and 10 cents
(as proposed in the original bill) he calculated upon
an increase of 20 percent, on the correspondence;
nfi/V'f,rmg tiie amo,,11t of letters up to GO,-
OUU.OOO. I his amount, at the average of 71 cents,
(between 5 and 10) would give abundant means for
sustaining the department. But the Senate had
thought proper to make 5 cents the uniform postage
for all distances; and although this cleared him of all
responsibility for the measure, and threw it upon
the Senate, still he felt satisfied that even 5 cents on
60,000,000 letters would leave but a small deficit
of revenue to be supplied from the treasury,
z he senator from Rhode Island calculated up-
i'lcrease nf ,:i(> or 40 per cent ; and he
(Mr. M.) thought it was only a reasonable cal-
culation. Now, from 30 to 40 per cent, on the
.)0 millions of letters which the correspondence
of the United States is estimated at, would
give about 70,000,000 letters, which, at 5 cents
would amount to fi.500,000; and the newspaper
postage and postage of the government correspond-
ence would make up the whole sum required by the
department to sustain itself. He trusted the senator
would see that there was no just ground for the ap-
prehensions he entertained.
The yeas and nays having been called for and or-
dered on the passage of the bill, the vote was taken
and resulted—yeas 38, nays 1:2-—a9 follows;
\ HAS—.Messrs., Alien, Archer, Ashley, Atlu'vion Bir-
row liates, Iiayai',1, Ilentoii, Herri™, Brme, Jltichanm,
< hoato, ( nttciiileii, Oiv, Dujlon, Dickinson, Vams Fair'
field, I'Ostcr, Francis, Huntington Jarnnfm Johnson, Mor-
rick, Willi;;, .Moichea.!, Niies, rortcr. llives, Simmons,
hturgeo", lappan, Uplum, "Walker, White, Woudliridre,
arid Woodbury i5 '
NAVS-Messrs. Bagtiy, Clayton, Colquitt, Haywood
Ilannegan, linger, I.owis, McDulHc, Man-inn, Phelps
Somple, and Sevier—1\>. " ' '
So the bill was passed.
On motion of Mr. HUNTINGTON, the Senate
then went into executive session; and after some
time spent therein,
Adjourned.
HOUSE OP REPRESENTATIVES.
Saturday, February 8, 184,rj.
On motion of Mr. LEONARD, the reading of the
journal was dispensed with.
Mr. LEONARD made an appeal to the House to
allow him to move the discharge of the Committee,
of the Whole House from Senate bill No. 35, enti-
tled "An act to authorize the Secretary of the
Treasury to make arrangement or compromise with
any of the sureties on bonds given to the United
States by Samuel Swartwout, late < ollcctor of the
customs for the poi t of New York."
By unanimous consent, the motion, having been
received, was agreed to, and the bill took its place
on the Speaker's table.
On motion of Mr. PA RM ENTER, accompanied
by a brief explanation thereof, the joint resolution
fiom the Senate to suspend a part ol the 3d section
of the joint resolution of September 11, 1S4], rela-
ting to lauds for the naval depot at Memphis', was
taken up by general conscnt, and concuired ill.
_ Mr. CLINOMAN, on leave, presented ceitain
joifK resolutions of the legislature of North Carolina;
which were referred to the Committee on Indian Af-
fairs, and ordered to be printed.
Mr. FISH, on leave, gave notice of his intention,-
at a future day, to move for leave to introduce a bill
