COftGfcjESSlO&AL GLOfcE.
Ms
to limit'the Jien upon real estate of judgments recov-
ered in the courts of the United States.
On motion of Mr. McKAY, by general consent,
the report of the Secretary of War respecting the
contracts for the removal west of the Choctaws; also
a report in regard to Colt's? invention; and a ietter
from the Secretary of the Treasury asking an appro-
priation for arrears ofinterest due the Chickasaw In-
dians on investments in State stocks, were ordered
to be printed.
PRIVATE BILLS.
Mr. YANCE moved a suspension of the rules
that the House take up and act upon the private
bills on the Speaker's table, reported yesterday from
the Committee of the Whole House.
Mr. LEVY appealed to Mr. Vance to yield the
, floor, to enable him to move the- discharge of the
committee from the further consideration of the bill
for the relief of Philip J. Fontaine, the objection to
passage of which had been withdrawn.
Mr. VANCE declined to lose any time for the
action upon the numerous bills before them. The
question on his motion was taken, and it was agreed
to.
The House accordingly procceeded to act upon
the private bills on the Speaker's table.
Mr. VANCE proposed that the list should be
read over, and that those to which no objections
were made be passed en masse.
[Cries of "no, no;" "go through them in their
order."
The bill for the relief of Arthur R. Frogge of
Fentress county, Tennessee, was first taken up; the
amendment was agreed to, and the bill was passed.
The amendment to the bill for the relief of Daniel
H. Warren was agreed to, and the bill was passed.
The bill to extend the time [to J 847] for locating
Virginia military land warrants, and returning sur-
veys to the land office, came up.
Mr. DROMGOOLE moved an amendment to ex-
tend the time for five years—namely to 1859.
Some conversation ensued by Messrs. DROM-
GBOKE, C. JOHNSON, BARNARD, VANCE,
GOGGIN, and McDOWELL.
The amendment was agreed to, and the bill was
The following bills were severally ordered to he
engrossed, and then read the third time, and passed:
A bill for the relief of Ira Baldwin.
A bill for the relief of Stanley White.
A bill for the relief of Dunning & MoNair.
A bill for the relief of Thomas Bronaugh.
A bill for the relief of Elliot Smith and Nathan
Farnsworth.
A bill for the relief of Georgetown, in the District
of Columbia.
A bill for the relief of Joseph Curwen, surviving
partnerof Curwen and Willing.
A bill for the relief of John Adams &. John Ad-
ams, jr.
A bill for the relief of Harvey & Slagg.
A bill for the relief of Jacob Boston.
A hill for the relief of Samuel JNeely.
A bill for the relief of Bennet M. Dell.
A bill for the relief of Elisha Morrcll, adminis-
trator of Joseph Icard, deceased.
A bill for the relief of Admo Goodenough.
A resolution authorizing the Secretary of War to
pay any balance that may be due to the Shawnee
Indians who served in the Florida war.
A bill for the relief of Joseph and Lindsay Ward.
A bill for the relief of William Gove.
A bill for the relief of Lot Davis.
A bill for the relief of Isabella Baldridge, widow
of Capt. John Baldridge, deceased.
A bill for the relief of Joseph M. Rhea.
A bill for the relief of Walker, Ivinkle, & Ca-
ru thers.
A bill for the relief of the legal representatives of
Alexander Mitchell.
A bill for the relief of Edward A. Lambert.
A bill for the relief of Benjamin J. Roberts.
[A bill for the relief of James S. Campbell was
laid on the table, after being debated by Messrs.
C. JOHNSON, PETTIT, BRODIIEAD, J. E.
CARY, and PARMENTER.
Mr. J. E. CARY, in the remarks which he made,
said he hoped the House would indulge him a few
moments in explanation of this bill, as the petition-
er was one of his constituents, and he (Mr. C.)
was not in the. habit of troubling the House, or con-
suming its valuable time with any remarks, be-
lieving as he did that there was a great deal more
talk on that floor than was profitable to the coun-
try or instructive to the members themselves. This
case, he believed, if the House Vould attend to the
facts stated in the reportjust read,and which was fully
supported by the proof before the committee, would
be found to be one entitled to its favorable conside-
ration; and he trusted they would be enabled to dis
criminate between this case and that class of cases
which had been referred to as so numerous, and
which gentleman seemed to apprehend would over-
whelm the treasury, should the precedent.be estab-
lished of allowing them. It might be very proper
to reject claims of the character referred to—cases
where property of individuals had been destroyed
by the public enemy—and yet this claim might
well be allowed, without violating at all the princi-
ple upon which those should be rejected. This
was a case, peculiar in most of its leading features,
to itself, and should not be objected to merely be-
cause other claims, not at all like it, ought not to be
allowed. A just and wise discrimination should be
made. This was not, then, merely the case of prop-
erty destroyed by the public enemy, but a case
where the government had, in effect, converted to
their own use, and, while so using it, and inconse-
quence of its beine; so used, it had been destroyed
by the er.emy. The principle upon which this gov-
ernment, every year, allowed compensation for
horses and other property destroyed in the public
service, would equally justify and require the al-
lowance of this claim.
This petitioner had peculiar strong claims upon
the justice of this government. It was so fortified
and strengthened by equitable considerations, that
he hoped they would not, as they ought not to be
very eager in seeking technical objections to it.
The father of the petitioner, from whom he de-
rives his right to the compensation, now asked for,
was one of those noble-hearted, self sacrificing pa-
triots residing on the exposed frontier of the New
Yoik settlements, who unhesitatingly staked their
property, their lives, and their sacred honor m the
cause of the liberty and independence of the coun-
try; and, on his part, it was 110 idle vaporing or
holyday sport. He resided oil the very outskirts of
the circle of civilized life; exposed to all the dan-
ger and deprivations incident to that situation; and
instead of deserting his post, and withdrawing,
with his personal property, to a place of safety, as
he might have done, he nobly and bravely stood
his ground, and aided in forming a barrier to the
inclusions of the Indians, British, mid toiies. With
ready alacrity did lie obey the call of his country,
and devote his property to its service, as well as to
risk hislife and shed his best blood in its defence. He
served duiing the whole of that eventful struggle for
liberty and independence, and was engaged in
some of its fiercest contests with the foo, both savage
and civilized; and that still mare cruel and treache-
rous combination of both, the torics of the revolu-
tion. Of ill those who shed their blood for us in
the valley of the Mohawk in that eventful strife,
there was no one more brave, moie devoted, or more
useful to the country than Col. Samuel Camp-
bell.
What he suffered in the loss of property thus de-
voted, is stated by the committee. The. value at
that time is proven to have been ^,000. The com-
mittee have reported this bill for $1,500 only; but
even this poor pittance—poor indeed, and small as
it is, 111 comparison to the amount of the loss and
the interest, or the value of the services rendered—
the petitioner is willing to receive in full satisfaction
of all claims on account of such loss and services.
The honorable gentleman then leferred to the
fact, as stated 111 the report, that for all those ser-
vices and losses neither Colonel Campbell, nor any
of Jus posterity, had received any compensation
whatever, either by way of pension or otherwise.
Some objection had been made on the ground of
delay, and on that he begged to say a few words.
That objection would have more force 111 his mind
if it could be shown that this government had ever
been ready or willing to pay the claim; but he
thought it a poor plea for them now to make, that
although the claim was just in itself, as they had
neglected and refused so long to pay it, they would
now avail themselves of their own wrong, and ex-
cuse their injustice now by pleading their former in-
justice. It was said that two negatives, in grammati-
cal construction, amount to an affirmative; but he
could not recognise the propriety of such a rule in
ethics, by which two wrongs would be made equiv-
alent to right. If this were so, he confessed it would
be a very convenient rule for the exculpation of the
government in its dealings with its own citizens;
and he hardly knew of any principle upon w
Could be excused.
The gentleman from Massachusetss had said that
this case had been before the committe on some
former occasion, and because it was not then allowed,
it was argued that it should not be now allowed.
That argument was not one founded injustice, nor
should it be allowed to prevail-in this case. Many,
indeed, are and have been the cases where justice
could only be obtained by x-epeated and earnest
knocking at the doors of Congress; and he hoped
yet that this House would wake up from its slum-
bering insensibility to the claims of justice and hon-
or, not only in this, but in many other cases; and
though it be late, even at the eleventh hour, obey the
calls of duty, and do right now instead of listening
to the poor apology of former neglect to justify
present wrong. He further stated some circum-
stances relative-to the petitioner having been com-
pelled to pay a considerable amount to the govern-
ment as surety for one of the United States collect-
ors, as a reason why this claim had been again
presented and urged upon the attention of Congress.
He said the whole amount now asked would scarce-
ly exceed the amount due from the government for
services which had been paid in continental money,
as worthless as so much waste paper; and while it
appeared the government was thus strict in exact-
ing its bond against the petitioner, it ought not to
repudiate its own just debt.
An act granting a pension to James Duffy.
A bill for the relief of Susannah Scott.
A hill for the relief of Elizabeth Fitch.
A bill for the relief of Isaac Allen.
A bill for the relief of Philip Schwartztrauber.
A bill for the relief of Elijah Blodget.
A bill for the relief of Daniel Homans.
A bill for the relief of Richard Elliott.
A bill for the relief of William Rich.
An act (from -the Senate) for the relief of J. Mc-
Farlane.
^ A bill for the relief of the Bank of the Metropo-
A bill for the relief of William Gump.
A bill for the relief of John Ficklin.
An act (from the Senate) for the relief of .Tames
Ritchie.
An act (from the Senate) for the relief of Gideon
Batchelder and others.
A bill for the relief of Asenath Orvis.
A bill for the relief of March Fanington.
A bill for the relief of Henry N. Halsted.
A bill for the relief of John H. Mcintosh.
A bill for the relief of the president and directors
of the Dismal Swamp Canal Company.
A bill for the relief of Justin Jacobs.
A bill placing the name of Benjamin Allen upon
the pension roll.'
A bill for the relief of Harrison Whitson.
A bill for the relief of Geoige Wending.
A bill for the relief of Jacob L. Vance, of Ohio.
A bill for the relief of Charles R. Allen, of Rich-
mond, Virginia.
A bill for the relief of John P. Converse.
A bill supplemental to the act for the relief of
Jehu Ilollingsworth, of Blount county, Alabama,
approved 28th June, 1838.
A bill for the relief of John Boyd.
A joint resolution for the relief of Sellers and Pen-
nock.
A bill for the relief of Joseph Ramsey.
A bill for the relief of George B. Russell.
A bill to pay Capt. John B. Crozier's company of
mounted volunteers, Tennessee militia.
A bill for the relief of Peter Von Schmidt.
A resolution authorizing an allowance to Purser
D. W. Thornton in the settlement of his accounts.
A bill granting a pensio.i to George Whitten.
A bill for the relief of Mark Simpson.
^ A bill for the relief of Joseph Craigtniles, of the
State of Tennessee.
A bill granting a pension to John E. Wright.
A bill for the relief of Francis Summeraner.
A bill for the relief of Joseph Watson.
An act to authorize the Secretary of the Treasury
to make arrangement or compromise with any of
the sureties on bonds given to the United States by
Samuel Swartwout, late collector of the customs for
the port of New York, was taken up, and debated
by Messrs. G. W. JONES, HUNG-ERFORD
SAUNDERS, PAYNE, BRINKERROFF and
BELSER. ' U
Mr. CALDWELL moved to lay the bill on the
able; and on that motion he called for the yeas and
nays, which were ordered.
