CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
267
Bouth Carolina Railroad Company, praying to be
allowed to import, free of duty, one mile of pipes
and machinery necessary to be worked up cm at-
mospheric pressure on an inclined plane, where ropes
are now used.
Mr. HUGER made some remarks on the above
petition, showing the propriety of the government
giving countenance and support to the experiment
proposed to be made in testing the utility of • atmos-
pheric railways. He argued in support of the pray-
er of the petition, that the importation, free of duty,
of this amount of railroad pipes, would be of ad-
vantage to the iron interest, instead %of an injury
to it, for the reason that if the 'experiment proved
successful, it would cause a greater demand for iron:
referred to the Committee on Finance.
Mr. JOHNSON gave notice of his intention to
introduce a bill—title not heard.
The resolution introduced by Mr. Barrow, on
Tuesday last, authorizing the secretary of the Senate
to contract with the proprietor of a chart of the
soundings in the Gulf of Mexico, for 5,000 copies
thereof, was taken up and referred to the Committee
on Naval Affairs.
Numerous bills from the House, principally of a
private character, were read twice, and appropriate-
ly referred.
Mr. SIMMONS, from the Committee on Print-
ing, to which was referred a resolution of the Senate
upon the subject, reported in favor of printing extra
copies of the report of the Committee on Foreign
Relation on the subject of annexation.
On motion by Mr. CRITTENDEN, the previous
orders of the day were postponed,and the joint reso-
lution amendatory of the resolution passeel the 30th
April, 1814, respecting the application of certain
appropriations heretofore marie to ratify claims for
property lost and destroyed in Florida, was taken
up as in committee of the whole, and after a few ex-
planatory remarks by him, was reported to the Seri-
ate, and ordered to be engrossed for a third reading.
The joint resolution for the relief of tteth M.
Leavenworth was read the third time and passed.
APPROPRIATION BILLS.
On motion of Mr. EVANS, the previous orders
of the day were postponed for the purpose of taking
up the three several appropriation bills from the
House; when
The act making appropriations for the payment of
revolutionary and other pensions of the United
States for the fiscal year ending 30th June, 184(3,
was considered as m committee of the whole; mid
on motion by Mr. EVANS, the word "fiscal" was
struck fiom Liu; bill, when the bill was reported to
the Senate, read the third time and passed.
The act making appropriation for the service of
the Post Office Department for the fiscal year end-
ing 30th June, 184G, was taken up as in committee
of the whole; and, on motion by Mr. HUNTING-
TON, so amended, as to provide that no greater
sum than $1,000 per annum shall be paid to any
mail agent of any description by the department.
The bill was then repoitedto the Senate, and the
amendment of the committee being concurred in,
was read the third time, and passed.
The act making appropriation for the }/reserva-
tion, repair, and construction of certain fortifications,
for the fiscal year ending 30th June, 1846, was taken
up as in committee of the whole on an amendment
from the Committee on Finance, appropuating
$40,000 for a sea-wall and break-water, in the har-
bor of Boston, Massachusetts. The amendment
being agreed to, the bill was reported to the Senate,
read the third time, and passed.
On motion by Mr. JARNAG1N, the joint reso-
lution providing for the purchase and distribution
of the decisions of the Supreme Couit of the United
States was *tuken up for considei ation; but, on
on the suggestion of Mr. MERRICK, was ordered
to lie on the table, to enable him to obtain certain
information concerning it.
On motion by Mr. TAPPAN, the previous otders
of the day were postponed, and the joint resolution
was taken up for consideration providing for distrib-
uting the work on the exploring expedition, as fol-
lows: 56 copies to be delivered to the Secretary of
State, to be distributed thus: one copy to each of
the United States; two copies to the government of
France; two copies to the government of Great Brit-
ian; and one copy each to Russia, Sweden, Den-
mark, Prussia, Austria, Bavaria, the Netherlands,
Belgium, Portugal, Spain, Sardinia, Tuscany, the
Ecclesiastical States, the Two Sicilies, Turkey,
Mexico, New Grenada, Venezuela, Chili, Peru, the
Argentine Republic, Brazil, and the Sandwich Isl-
ands; and one copy to the naval squadron in Brook-
lyn, New York. And also further providing for the
distribution of one copy each to Charles Wilkes,
William L. Hudson, and Cadwallader Ringgold,
commandants of vessels in the exploring expedition;
two copies to be placed in the Library of Congress,
and the residue of the work to be preserved for fu-
ture distribution.
On motion by Mr. FOSTER, the resolution was
so amended as to give two copies to Russia instead
of one, and to give one copy to the government of
Greece.
Mr. ASHLEY moved that one copy be given to
the Republic of Texas; which he presumed was un-
intentionally omitted.
Mr. TAPPAN said a great number of copies
would be left for future distribution, and if Texas
was admitted as one or more States into the Union,
she will, as a matter of course, receive copies in the
same manner as the States of this Union receive
them—by this resolution. It was probable that
Texas would become one of the States of this
Union; he therefore hoped that the senator would
not press his motion.
Mr. ASHLEY said it seemed to be slighting
that republic to overlook her in the distribution. He
would not, however, press the motion against the
wishes of the senator from Ohio.
The resolution was then reported to the Senate,
and, as amended, was ordered to be engrossed for a
third reading.
Mr. BREESE submitted the following resolution;
which, under the rule, lies one day on the ta-
ble, viz:
Rfsolretl, Thrtt the Secretary ot War be directed to com-
irmnicute to t)u> Senate any plan which he may have de-
\ tse<], or which mnj ho m po3«e <sion oi the Department of
War, by the adoption of which greater fdcihtu s of approach
to, and mteiconvsf w ith the mineral region of Lake Supe-
rior will bi« afforded. and its wealth and importance bp more
fully developed
LAWS AND TREATIES OF THE UNITED
The general orders having been announced, on
motion of Mr, MOREHRAD, the pre\ ions orders
were - postponed, and the Senate joint resolution au-
thorizing the Attorney General to contract for co-
pies of a proposed edition of the laws and treaties of
the United States, was taken np as in committee of
the whole for consideration.
It proposes the purchase of 1,000 copies of the
work, at ^ f>0 per copy.
Mr. ALLEN suggested an amendment, author-
izing an addition to the work, of the journal of the
federal convention, and of the constitutions of the
scveial States. It would be veiy desirable, if not
necessary, to have these documents comprised in
the same work with the laws and treaties, for the
convenience of reference.
Mr. MOREHEAD explained that this was un-
necessary; and that the expense of making any ad-
dition to the work would preclude the possibility of
obtaining it at any price Congress would consent to
allow. It would so embarrass the publication that
the object of the joint resolution would would be
defeated.
Mr. CHOATE concurred with the senator from
Kentucky.
Mr. AIXEN, under these circumstances, with-
drew the amendment.
The joint resolution was then reported back to
the Senate, without amendment, and ordered to be
engrossed and read a third time.
FRENCH SPOLIATIONS.
The regularcalendar was then taken up, and the
first bill in order was the Senate bill to provide for
ascertainment of claims of American citizens for
spoliations prior to the 31st day of July, 1801.
Mr. CI TO ATE explained at considerable length
the origin and nafuie of the claims, and stated the
grounds upon which the bill had been reported from
the Committee on Foreign Relations. In conclu-
sion, he submitted a substitute for the original bill
which he moved as an amendment.
The original bill provides that, for the purpose of
determining the validity and amount of the unsatis-
fied claims to indemnity of sundry citizens of the
United States upon the French government, arising
out of illegal captures, detentions, forcible seizures,
illegal condemnations, and confiscations, committed
prior to the ratification of the convention between
the United States and the French republic, concluded
on the 13th September, 1800, the ratifications of
which were exchanged on the 31st of July follow-
ing, three commissioners shall be appointed, by and
with the advice and consent of the Senate, to meet in
Washington on some day to be fixed in the bill,
,and, within the space of two years, to receive, exam-
ine, and decide upon all such claims submitted to
them. The other provisions and the provisos of the
bill are then given in detail; the report of the com-
missioners to be of record in the department as a
guide to Congress in ad justing the claims.
The substitute offered by. Mr. Choate provides a
direct appropriation of five millions, as a fund out of
which satisfaction is to be made by a ratable dis-
tribution among the claimants adjudged to be enti-
tled by the board of commissioners. It enters mi-
nutely into details for the guidance and limitation of
the commission in the investigation of the claims.
The amendment was read through and adopted.
The bill, as amended, was reported back to the
Senate, and the amendment was concurred in.
On the question of engrossment, Mr. HANNE-
GAN called for the yeas and nays, which were or-
dered.
The vote was then taken, and resulted, yeas 26,
nays 15, as follows:
YEAS—Messrs. Ashley, Barrow, Bates, Bayaid, Berrien,
Buchanan, Choate, Clajton-, Dayton, Evans, Fairfield,
Francis, Huntington, Johnson, Merrick, Miller, Niles,
Phelps, Porter, Sevier, Simmons, Sturgeon, Upham, White,
Woodbridge, and Woodbury—26.
NAYS—Messrs Allen, Atchison, Atherton, Benton,
Breese, Colquitt, Dix, Dickinson, Hannegan, linger, Lewis,
McDtitfie, Mangum, Tappan, and Walker—15.
So the bill was ordered to be engrossed and read
a third time.
MOTIONS TO POSTPONE THE PREVIOUS
ORDRES.
Mr. MERRICK moved t& postpone the previous
orders, for the purpose of taking np the bill for the
relief of Fuller and Saitmarsh, reported from the
Committee on the Post Office and Post Roads
The motion did not prevail.
Mr.'DICKINSON moved to postpone the pre-
vious orders, and take up the unfinished discussion
on the bdl granting appeals in eases of bankruptcy.
Mr. BERRIEN hoped the Senate would procecd
with the general orders.
Mr. DICKINSON would be satisfied, if the Sen-
ate would proceed with the general orders, to wait
lill the bill he called for should come up in its turn.
He withdrew lus motion.
Mr. HENDERSON moved to postpone the pre-
vious orders, with a view of taking up the Senate
bill in relation to the Dubuque claim, on which
there was a pending debate when it was last laid
aside.
The motion did not prevail.
Mr. CHOATE moved to postpone the previous
orders, with a view of taking up the House bill
providing for the purchase of certain copies of the
History of Oregon and California.
The motion did not prevail.
GENERAL ORDERS.
The calendar was then taken up, and the first bill
in order was the House joint resolution to change
the name of the brig "Daniel Webster" to "Adela°"
and the name of the schooner "Mary Francis" to
that of "Isabella."
Mr. HUN1INGTONmoved the indefinite post-
ponement of the joint resolution.
It was accordingly indefinitely postponed.
The next bill was one reported by Mr. Miller,
from the Committee on the District of Columbia,
to provide a free bridge across the Eastern Branch
of the Potomac, in the city of Washington,
It was considered as in committee of the whole,
leported back without amendment, and ordered to
bo engrossed, and read a third time—yeas 28 navs
17, as follows:
YKAK-V.essrs. Bunow Bate?, Bayard, Benton, Berrien
Lmhji.an, (boats, Colquitt, Crittenden, ParLmi, icons'
t'mter, !<rjiu'is, Hyudeison, Huntington, .lain.iuin Joint'
son, Memo!;, Miller, Morehcad roller W,-
nions, I pharo, Walker, White, Woodbndire, and Wood-
bury —2d.
S—Messrs. Alien, Ashley, Atchison, Atherton 3
by, bn-csc. Clayton, Dickinson. Dix, K,tirheld.
Haywood, jMcDuthe, Niles, Sevier, Stur eoi>
pan—17 °
md Tap-
The next thing m order was the Senate joint res-
olution to regulate the making of coniiacta for the
transportation of the mails over railroads.
Mr. MERRICK said the House had p^s^ed a
joint resolution on the same subject; and he would
prefer laying the Senate resolution on the table and
proceeding with that of the House. '
