268
CONGRESSIONAL GLOBfc.
T^H
was laid™ the the Senate Joint solution
Mr 1SFVrPR0rd !? flke 2P that of the House'
-dSed tHe Senate W°Uld PTOCeed
Mr. MERRICK, as there was objection made
resolution m0ti°n '° teke Up the House Joint
The next bill in order was that reported Mr.
Huntington, from the Committee on Com-
merce, allowing drawback upon foreign merchan-
dise, exported in the original packages to Chihua-
hua and Santa Fee, in Mexico.
The bill was taken up for consideration, as in
mSrSiclTt whole; and, on motion by Mr.
i rri amended so as to authorize the Secretary
of the Treasury to direct the inspectors to do duty in
any part of the State of Missouri he may deem ne-
cessary.
The bill was then reported to the Senate; and the
amendment being concurred in, it was ordered to be
engrossed, and read a third time.
The next bill in order was the Senate bill intro-
duced by Mr. Benton, and reported by Mr. Crit-
tenden, from the Committee on Military Affairs,
providing for the organization of a company of
sappers, miners, and pontoniers.
It was taken up as in committee of the whole for
consideration, reported back without amendment,
and ordered to be engrossed and read a third time.
On motion of Mr. TAPPAN, the Senate bill pro-
viding for quieting the titles to certain lots in the
towns, of Perrysburg and Croghansville, in the
State of Ohio, was taken up, the question being on
concurring in the amendment made by the House
of Representatives, which amendment authorizes
those persons whose title lapsed, and reverted
to the United States, to make good their obligations
and redeem their titles.
Mr. PHELPS opposed the amendment.
Mr. WOODBRIDGE explained that it could oc-
casion no loss to the general government, nor to the
State of Ohio,, while the denial of this power of re-
demption might be injurious to many individuals.
If the United States were to insist upon its rever-
sionary interest, and sell the lots, it would be bound,
under the terms of the grant, to pa y over whatever
they would sell for to the State of Ohio. It was the
same thing, then, to let the original claimants make
good their payments to the State, and no one would
be aggrieved.
The amendment was concurred in.
Mr. PHELPS gave notice that he would to-mor-
row ask leave to introduce a bill.
Mr. COLQUITT gave notice that he would to-
morrow ask leave to introduce a bill for the remis-
sion of duty on railroad iron in certain cases.
The Senate joint resolution authorizing the At-
torney General to contract for copics of a proposed
edition of the laws and treaties of the United States,
was then read a third time and passed.
The Senate then adjourned.
HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES.
Monday, February 10, 1745.
The journal having been read,
PUBLIC LAND Si
Mr. DANA, on leave, introduced a bill to reduce
and graduate the price of the public lands in favor of
actual settlers and cultivators, and to appropriate
the proceeds thereof: read twice, referred to the Com-
mittee of the Whole on the state of the Union, and
ordered to be printed.
YEAS AND NAYS.
Mr. DUNCAN submitted a resolution directing
the Committee on Public Buildings to confer with
Professor Morse, and ascertain from him if lie can
invent or adopt a more expeditious mode of taking
the yeas and nays than that in present use, and if
so, also the probable cost thereof. Agreed to.
SMITHSONIAN INSTITUTION.
Mr. OWEN remarked that there was an import-
ant bill oiganizing a Smithsonian Institution, and
which had been passed in the Senate, now lying in
Committee of the Whole on the state of the Union;
which he understood it was the intention oftlie
chairman of the Library Committee to call up in a
few days; and to which, at the proper time, it was
his (Mr. O.'s) intention to offer an amendment, or
rather a substitute. He asked leave to introduce
that substitute, that it might be referred to the same
committee; and, as the subject was new to many
members, that it might be printed for the informa-
tion of the House.
Leave being granted, the substitute was received,
referred, and ordered to be printed.
Mr. HARDIN asked leave to offer a resolution
fixing a time for taking the vote on the post office
bill; but objections being made, it was not received
Mr. HARDIN moved to suspend the rules; but
the motion was decided to be out of order.
Mr. GARY, on leave, introduced a bill for the re-
lief of Josias Scott: read twice and referred to the
Committee of the Whole on the state of the Union
and ordered to be printed. '
TERRITORIAL BUSINESS.
The SPEAKER announced that this was the day
set apart for the consideration of territorial*business
and
On motion of Mr. LEVY, the Committee of the
Whole was discharged from the further considera-
tion of all the territorial business; and the same was
referred to the Committee of the Whole on the state
of the Union.
. On motion of Mr. LEVY, the rules were sus-
pended, and the House resolved itself into a Com-
mittee of the Whole on the state of the Union,
(Mr. J. W. Davis, of Indiana, in the chair,) and
acted on the following bills:
The bill to enable the people of Iowa to form a
constitution and State government, with a view to
the admittance of said Slate into the Union on an
equal footing with the other States was read, and
then laid aside informally.
On motion of Mr. H. DODGE, the following
bills were severally taken up and considered, and
laid aside to be reported to the House.
LIGHT-HOUSE.
A bill making appropriations for the erection of a
light-house at the town of Southport, Territory of
Wisconsin.
HARBOR IMPROVEMENTS.
A bill providing for the continuation of the har-
bor improvements already commenced at the town
of Southport, Territory of Wisconsin.
ROADS.
A bill for the construction and improvement of
certain roads in the Territory of Wisconsin.
MINERAL POINT TOWN LOTS.
A bill authorizing the President of the United
States to cause patents to be issued for certain lots
in the town of Mineral Point, Territory of Wiscon-
sin.
On motion of Mr. LEVY, the following bills were
severally taken up, and consideied, and laid aside to
be reported to the House.
A bill providing for the payment of certain mili-
tia forces called into service in the Territory of Flor-
ida.
A bill to compensate certain registers and receiv-
ers of land offices in Florida for special services, and
to prescribe the fees to be received by all such offi-
cers in other cases.
Mr. LEVY explained the purport of the bill, at
the request of Mr. C. Johnson, who also subse-
quently made some observations thereon, and moved
to strike out the first section of the bill.
The debate was further continued by Mr. T.
SMITH and Mr WENT WORTH.
Mr. LEVY submitted an amendment to meet
the views of gentlemen; which was agreed to.
The question then recurred on the question as
amended—the motion being to strike out; which was
agreed to. •
Mr. C. JOHNSON then moved that the bill be
laid aside, to be reported to the House, with the
recommendation that it be rejected; which was agreed
to.
Mr. A. C. DODGE called up the bill making ap-
propriations for certjni improvements in the Terri-
tory of Iowa; which, after some explanations, was
laid aside to be reported to the House.
Mr. A. C. DODGF, next called up the bill No.
588, being a bill supplemental to an act entitled An
act for laying off the towns of Fort Madison and
Burlington, in the county of DesMoines and towns
of Belleview, Dubuque, and Peru, in the county of
Dubuque, Wisconsin, and for oilier purposes, ap-
proved 2d July, 183(j, and the amendatory act there-
to. .
No amendment being proposed, the bill was laid
aside to be reported.
IMPROVEMENTS IN FLORIDA.
The bill making appropriations of $35,000 for
certain improvements in Florida was taken up.
Mr. LEVY moved an amendment to add a sec-
tion providing for the reappropriation of all sums
heretofore appropriated for improvements in Flori-
da, the application of which was suspended by In-
dian hostilities, for the purposes for which the
original appropriations were made.
Mr. L. explained the amendment; and a brief
conversation ensued, in which Messrs. WENT-
WORTH, CARROLL, VINTON, and LEVY
participated.
Mr. LEVY ', in order to prevent consumption of
time, withdrew the amendment.
lie offered another amendment to divert a portion
of the appropriation for another purpose than that
specified; but, on prospect of debate, withdrew the
amendment.
The bill was laid aside to be reported.
PAYMENT OP IOWA MILITIA.
On motion of Mr. A. C. DODGE, the bill to pro-
vide for the payment of Iowa militia called into ser-
vice in December, 18.19, was taken up.
Mr. CAVE JOHNSON briefly objected to the
bill.
Mr. JAMESON stated his views on the bill, to
which he forbore to press his former objections, al-
though (he was understood to say) he consideied
that the governor of the Territory had transcended
the proper limits of his authority in calling out the
militia, the compensation for whose services the bill-
proposed to make.
Mr. BRENGLE opposed the bill, on the general
ptinciplc that the military force could not be brought
into requisition except as auxiliary to the execution
of the civil authority, and in compliance with the
law of the land, neither of which justifying circum-
stances existed in this case.
Mr. McCLELLAND briefly opposed the bill,
and concluded his remarks by offering an amend-
ment as a substitute for that of Mr. Rathbiin,
directing the Secretary of War to ascertain the
amount expended by the late Territory of Missouri
in sustaining the jurisdiction of said Territory in the
controversy with the State of Ohio, and to pay the
same to the now State of Missouri, provided the
same do not exceed $:S0,000, which sum it proposed
hereby to appropriate.
The question was taken, and the amendment to
the amendment was rejected.
The question then recurring on the amendment,
was taken, audit was rejected.
The question then being on laying aside the bill
to be reported to the House,
Mr. JAMESON replied to Mr. G. Davis, taking
exception to the grounds on which Mr. D. had ad-
vocated the bill, and vindicating the right of the
position of the State of Missouri in her boundary
coiitroverry with Iowa.
Mr. G. DAVIS spoke in favor oftlie bill.
IV! r. DEAN made a brief statement of facts, on
which the claim rests, and advocated the bill.
Mr. VINTON addressed the committee in oppo-
sition to it.
Mr. A. C. DODGE addressed the committee ear-
nestly in reply to Mr. V., and in favor of the bill.
The debate was continued by Mr. A. 0.
DODGE, Mr. GARRETT DAVIS, and Mr. VIN-
TON.
Mr. DODGE replied in a few words, glancing at
the reasons of justice and expediency, which m his
opinion demanded favorable action on this bill, con-
cerning which he referred to the fact that, after full
debate in committee, and in the House, it had three
times passed this House on a vote by yeas and nays,
and been lost in the Senate for want of a committee,
or some one specially to take charge of territorial
interests.
The bill was about being laid aside to berepoitcd,
when
Mr. RATHBUN offered an amendment provi-
ding for the payment of the militia of IVIi.ssoiui,
called out for similar service in defence of her con-
stitutional limits.
Mr. R. briefly stated, that the appropriation pro-
posed m his amendment was as just as the bill itself;
and equally )ust, he concluded, would be the pay-
ment of the militia of Ohio, Michigan, &c., who had
performed similar service, and for which their States
had no idea of calling on the general government
for payment.
Mr. WELLER objected to the amendment as
designed to defeat the bill, and advocated the pas-
sage of the bill in its original form.
Mr. RATHBUN rejoined, and opposed the bill.
Mr. WELLER appealed to gentlemen to
forego the debate on the question of boundary till
it came up in a regular manner. There was a bill
