CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE,
2611
before the House for the admission of Iowa into the
Union, which would shortly come up, and then the
whole debate would have to be gone over a^ain.
Mr. A. C. DODGE replied to the remarks of Mr.
Jimeson, defending the claim of Iowa to the bound-
ary line asked for by her.
On motion by Mr. CAVE JOHNSON, the bill
was laid aside to be reported to the House.
Mr. A. V. B.ROWN moved that the committee
take up the bill providing for the admission of
Florida and Iowa into the Union on an equal footing
with the other States.
The question being put, it was found that no
quorum voted.
Tellers were called for; when
Messrs. C. JOHNSON and GRINNELL were
appointed tellers, and they reported 82 in the af-
firmative, and 5 in the negative; no quorum voting.
As it was said to be evident that there was a quo-
rum present, the vote was again taken by the same
tellers, who reported 83 in the affirmative, and .'12
in the negative!"
So the bill was taken up, and read by the Clerk at
length. The first section was read, and passed
without amendment.
To the second section an amendment was offered
by Mr. RELFE, defining the boundaries of Iowa
and Missouri.
Mr. A. V. BROWN said the Committee on Ter-
ritories had avoided this perplexing question, and
he.trusted this committee would not now enter upon
it. Of the controversy between Missouri and Iowa,
they had heard much this morning; and lie appre-
hended it might embarrass the passage of this bill
if any other course were pursued than that laid
down by the Committee on Territories, in a provis-
ion of this bill, which left the question of boundary
to be settled hereafter, in a mode pointed out. The
northern boundary of Missouri had to be settled;
and when it was defined, the Committee on Terri-
tories proposed that it should be the southern bound-
ary of Iowa. He hoped, therefore, that this per-
plexing question would bo disposed of as the Com-
mittee on Territories designed it to be, and that it
would not be brought into their discussions on this
occasion.
Mr. RELFE spoke in support of his amendment.
Mr. BRBNGLE said Missouri was now a State
of this Union, and her northern boundary had to be
defined and settled by the Supreme Court of the
United States, tn this respect, then, she was above
and beyond the action ©f Congress. He therefore,
at some length, opposed the amendment.
Mr. DUNCAN moved the following amendment
to the amendment:
Strike out the seeond section after the word "that,'1 in
th#. fn st line, and insert:
This admission of the StatH of lowo is upon the express
coalition that the s>aid St Ue shall consist of, and have jujJf-
diction over, the terntoiy mcludcd within the following;
boundaries—to wit: beginning in the middle of the St. Pe-
ter's river, at the junction of the Walonwaer or Blue Earth
in er, with the said river St. Peter running thence due ea<-t
to the boundary line of the Temtory of Wisconsin, in the
middle of the Mississippi tiver, thence down the middle of
the last named river with the boundary line of the Territoi y
of Wisconsin and State of Illinois to tlie northeast corner of
the State of Missouri, m said river Mississippi; thence west*
wardly with the boundary line ol said State of Missouri to a
point due south from the place of beginning; thence due
north to the place ol beginning in said St. Peter's nver.
S>-{. :> Beit f<(r/he) enacted, That the so id State of Iowa
shall have concurrent jurisdiction on the river Mississippi,
and every other river bordeiing on the said State of Iowa,
so far as the said iivexs shall foim a common boundaiy to
said State, and any oiher State or States now or hereafter to
be formed and bounded by the same; such rivers to be com-
mon to both, and that the said nvei Mississippi, and the nav-
igable rivers and waters leading into the same, shall be
common highways, and forever free as well to the inhab-
itants of said State as to all other citr/.ens of the United
States, without any tax, duty, impost, or toll theiefoi im-
posed by thp said State of Iowa.
Sko. 4. £t it further enacted, That it is hereby made and
dcelaied to be a fundamental condition of the admission ol
said State of Iowa into the Union, that so much of this act
as relates to the said State of Iowa shall be assented to by a
convention of delegates, to be elected by the people of said
State, for the purpose of giving the assent herein requned;
and as soona&such assent shall be given, the President of
the United States shall announce the same by proclamation;
and therefrom, and without further proceedings on the part
of Congress, (he admission of the said State of Iowa into
the Union, on an equal footing, in oli respects whatever,
with the original States, shall be considered as complete.
Mr, D. exhibited for the examination of mem-
bers a map of JNicolet, which he held in his 'hand;
and he said his object in offering this amendment
was to bring Iowa within the boundaries designated
by Nioolet, comprising an amount of territoiy of
about 39,400 miles—a larger amount of land than
•was comorised in the State of Ohio. This would
leave territory for two other States, as would be
seen by reference to this map. It left a large por-
tion of territory north of the State of Iowa, if it
became a State, large enough, by running as high
up as the northern line of Iowa, and across to Mis-
souri, for a State; and it also left the nucleus of a
State (which was now settled) north of the boundary
laid down by Nicolet, and embracing a. large and
valuable territory.
After some observations from Mr. AUG. C
DODGE,
Mr. A. V. BROWN, chairman of the Committee
on Territories, had but a word to say on this ques-
tion. Tiiere had been various propositions sub-
mitted to the committee; various maps had been
examined by them; the question of boundary inves-
tigated by them with much care; and the conclusion
to which they had come was to adhere to the
boundary asked for by the people of Iowa, who
were there, who had settled the country, and whose
voice should be listened to m the matter. The
State, as bounded by the bill, and as agreed upon
by the Committee on Territories, was smaller than
Missouri or Virginia, ;and about the same size as
Michigan; and on the score of territory there could
be no just cause of complaint. The committee be-
lieved that the boundaries, as designated on the
map, and asked for by the people of the Territory,
were the best ones.
Mr. DUNCAN insisted that, notwithstanding
what the gentleman said about the comparative size
of the State with Missouri and Virginia, he under-
took to say that in the State, as bounded by the bill,
there was double and treble the valuable land. The
gentleman talked about the boundaries of nature.
The boundaries which he (Mr. D ) proposed were
the boundaries of nature. His object in proposing
them was not political, but to leave the boundary in
the best manner, so that other States could be
formed as he had before spoken of. He held in his
hand a statement of the topographical engineer,
showing that the boundaries he proposed contained
an area as large as Ohio or New York, and larger,
in point of fertility of soil, than any two States in
the United States.
Mr. VINTON expressed the gratification he felt
at his colleague's having offered this amendment,
and was proceeding to give his views generally,
when he yielded, and,
On motion of Mr. RATIIBUN, the committee
rose and reported then* action on the above several
bills to the House.
Mr. A. V. BROWN moved that the bills just re-
ported be put upon their passage.
SURETIES OF SAMUEL SWARTWOUT.
Mr. GEORGE W. JONES called up the priv-
ileged motion which he had made to reconsider the
vote by which the bill authorizing the Secretary of
the Treasury to enter into an arrangement or com-
promise with the sureties of Samuel Svvartwout, wa3
laid on the table, and he withdrew the motion to re-
consider.
Mr. MURPHY immediately renewed it.
Mr. SAUNDERS raised the point of order that
the House having acted on the motion by vote of
postponement, it was not competent for the gentle-
man to withdraw it.
The SPEAKER overruled the point of order.
On motion of Mr. MURPHY, the consideration
of his motion was postponed until Friday next.
AMOS KENDALL.
Mr. FRENCH, on leave, presented the memorial
of Amos Kendall, setting forth the losses he incur-
red in conscquence of the suit against him by Stock-
ton and Stokes for the performance of his duty to
the government in the office of Postmaster General.
The memorialist prays that Congress will take his
case into immediate consideration, and provide bylaw
for the payment of all his expenses incurred in his
defence, together with reasonable counsel fees; and
also by a commission on the sums disbursed under
the act of Congress imposing on him special duties,
which have proved to be so responsible and ruinous,
or in such other way as to them may seem meet and
proper, afford him some indemnity for the loss of time,
and the many other injuries inflicted on him without
just cause, and in violation of law, for his fidelity to
his trust while in the service of the government: re-
ferred to the Committee on the Judiciary.
Mr. A. V. BROWN moved that the House take
up the territorial lulls that had just been passed in
Committee of the Whole; when
Mr. JAMESON moved for the printing of the
1st article of the constitution of Missouri; but objec-
tions being made, the motion was decided to be out
of order.
[The following is the article which J. wished to
have printed: and it is inserted here at his request
and that of Mr. Bowlin:
"Article I.
"We do declare, establish, ratify and confirm, the follow-
ing as the permanent boundaries of said State, that is to say:
'Beginning in the middle of the Mississippi river, on the par-
allel of thirty-six degrees of north latitude; thence west,
along the said parallel of latitude, to the St. Francois river;
thence up, and following the course of that river, in the
middle ol the main channel thereof, to the parallel of lati-
tude of thirty-six degrees and thirty minutes; thence west,
along the same, to a point where the said parallel is inter-
sected by a meridian line passing through the middle
of the mouth of the Kansas river, where the same
empties into the Missouri river; thence, from the point
aforesaid, north, along*the1 said meridian line, to the
intersection of the parallel of latitude which passes through
the-rapids of the river Des Moines, making the said line cor-
respond with the Indian boundary line; thence east, from
the point of intersection last aforesaid, along the said paral-
lel of latitude, to the middle of the channel of the main fork
of the said river Des Moines; thence down along the middle
of the main channel of the-said river Des Moines to the
mouth of the same, where it empties into the Mississippi
river; thence due east to the middle of the main channel of
the Mississippi river; thence down, and following the course
of the Mississippi river, in the middle of the main channel
thereof, to the place of beginning.'"]
On motion, the House then adjourned.
The following notices of petitions, presented to-
day, were handed to the reporters by the members
presenting them:
By Mr. McDOWELL: The petitions of sundry persons in
Clermont county, OhioJpiaj ing foi d. two-horse mail route
from Cincinnati to Bethel, and Felicity, in said county; re-
ferred to the Committee on the Post Office and Post Roa'ds.
By Mr. FARLEE,: The petition of John F. Lay, and 77
other citizens ot Bedford county, Pennsylvania, for the re-
duction of the rates of postage.
By Mr. TYLER: The petition of B. Chamberlain, and
others, of the county of Cattaraugus, and State of New
York, praying for the abolition of slavery and the slave
trade in the District of Columbia, and the Territory of Flori-
da, and for the repeal of certain laws in the Territory of
Florida in relation to slavery.
By Mr. CALDWELL: The petition of John Turner, of
Wayne-county, Kentucky, asking for a pension: referred to
the Committee on Invalid Pensions.
By Mr TIBBATTS: The memorial ot W. Hamilton Wat-
kins, and 90 other cituens Qf New Orleans, praying that
Congress may pass House bill No. 71, entitled "A bill to
amend an act entitled 'an act to provide for the better se-
curity of the lives of passengers on board of vessels pro-
pelled in whole or in part by steam," approved July 9, 183S:
rotei red to the Committee of the Whole on the state of the
Union.
Mr BAKER presented the petition of Lewis Strong, and
•At othersitizens of Northampton, Massachusetts, praying
for a reduction of postage.
By Mr. McCAUSLEN: Petitions from Columbiana county,
Ohio, praying for a reduction of the price of the public
lands: releired to the Committee on Public Lands.
By Mr. RAMSEY: The petition of Henry Walters, E. P.
Hughes, and 30 others, citizens of Dauphin county, Pennsyl-
vania, asking the reduction of postage to a fixed rate of two
ccnts, and lor the abolition of the franking privilege.
Bjr Mr GRINNELL: The petition of Caleb Belcher, and
others, asking a pension for Phebe Green, the widow of a.
revolutionary soldier. The petition of Elisha Doane, and
others, seamen, asking that they may be paid for services,
on board vessels ol the United States navy.
B> Mr. BALYY: The petition ofplanpom White, pray-
ing for a compensation foi a pilot boat, \Vhich was pressed
into the public service during the revolutionary war: refer-
red to the Committee of Claims.
By Mr. RATHBUN: The petition of William S. Allen and
others, of Cayuga county, New York, for the reduction of
postage to two ccnts on half-ounce letters, and to abolish
the [ranking privilege: referred to the Committee on the
Post Otficc and Post Roads. Also the petition of Henry Ivi-
son, jr., and others, of Auburn, New York, for the same
purpose.
Bv Mr. HAYS: The petition ot citizens of Venango and
Butler counties, Pennsylvania, lor the construction ofaMac-
adamised road at some point on the Cumberland road, at or
near the western base of Laurel hill, through Pittsburg and
by the aipenal at Pittsburg, and the arsenal at Meadsville,
to the harbor at Erie: referred to the Committee oa
Roads and Canals.
By Mr. HOLMES: The petition of James Marsh and Son,
Pra> ing Congress to puichase their floating dry dock in the
city oi Charlestown. South Carolina, for the use of the
United States at their harbor.
By Mr. WETHERED: The memorial ot Birckhead
Pearee, of Baltimore, asking for a remission of duties
paid on guano, and that the article may be hereafter admit-
ted free ol duty.
By Mr. WENTWORTH: The petition of P. B. Cahoon,
and sundry others, for a harbor at Little Fort, Lake co , Il-
linois. Also one from Star Fort, and sundry citizens' of
Chicago, for the same object. Also from James Young
Corey, and others, for the same object. Also one from
Henry Neal, and others, for the same object. Also one
from D. 0. Dickinson, and sundry others, for the same ob-
ject. Also one /iom Rufus Tittany, and others, for the
same oh^t: all of which were referred to the Committee
on Commerce.
By Mr WHEATON: The petition of 235 citizens of
Onondaga county, New Yoik, asking that Little Sodus
Bay, New York, may be made accessible as a harbor near-
ly oa th^plan of Capt8ijj Maurice's: referred to the'Com-
mittee on Commerce.
