272
CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
reason why the profession of the law, any more
than that of theology, or any other of the learned
. professions, should be furnished with books at the
public expense.
Mr. ALLEN entered his protest against the
whole system of making this government the pur-
chaser of books, old or new, lumbering the shelves
of publishers, -till by intrigue and management they
are forced upon the public treasury for distribution.
He called for the yeas and nays: which were or-
dered.
Mr. DAYTON defended the Judiciary Committee
from any imputation of being actuated by the wishes
of any publishers in thi*; matter. The bill had been
reported in conformity with the desire of several
State legislatures, resolutions from which, as well
as various memorials from the bar, had been referred
to the committee. He mentioned the r ames of some
of those States, among which was Pennsylvania.
Mr. BUCHANAN. If the legislature of Penn-
sylvania has done any such thing, 1 should like to
know it, for I certainly shall vote against this bill,
unless instructed to the contrary.
' Mr. DAYTON, in continuation, maintained that
there was no analogy between this case and that of
furnishing hooks to theologians and others of the
learned professions. The government was underan
implied obligation to furnish the States, which had
confederated their supreme judiciary, with the de-
cisions-of that supreme court.
Mr. NILES opposed the measure. It was not a
small matter, either in amount or consequence, for it
involved a great principle. If the general govern-
ment was to go on in this way purchasing books for
distribution, where was the principle to end? Was
there loss reason for extending it to science, theology 1
or other branches of learning besides the law? The
constitution prohibits intermeddling with theology;
but although Congress may not do it directly,
would not this principle of distributing books lead to
the indirect mode of such interference by the dis-
semination of doctrinal works? He was utteily
opposed to the whole thing.
The vote was then taken; and the bill was order-
ed to be engrossed—yeas 26, nays 19, as follows:
YEAS—Messrs. Archer, Barrow, Bates, Bayard, Berrien,
Choate. Claj ton, Crittenden, Da) ton, Evans, Foster, Kran*
cis, Huger, i-limtington, Jarnagin, Johnson, Man^ura, Mer-
rick, Miller, Forter, Hives, Semple, Simmons, Upham,
"White, anJ Woodbridge—2b.
NAYS -Messrs. Allen, Ashley, Atherton, Bagfoy, Benton,
Buchanan, Colquitt, Dickinson. Dix, Fairfield, Havwood,
Lewis, McDuftie, Niles, Phelps, Sevier, Sturgeon, Tappan,
and Woodbury—19-
ASSISTANT SURGEONS AND PURSERS IN THE
NAYY.
On motion by Mr. BAYARD, the bill some days
ago under discussion, authorizing the appointment
of assistant surgeons and assistant pursers in the
navy, was taken up, and its consideration as in com-
mittee of the whole was resumed.
The CHAIR stated that several amendments had
been made to the bill when before under considera-
tion.
The bill was reported back to the Senate, and the
amendments were concurred in.
Mr. CRITTENDEN. What bill is it, sir?
The CHAIR. It is the bill providing for the ap-
pointment of additional assistant surgeons and as-
sistant pursers in the navy.
Mr. CRITTENDEN. Is that the bill that has
the provision about clergymen in it?
The CHAIR said it was.
Mr. CRITTENDEN. Well, then, I hope my
friend from Delaware, upon reflection, is prepared to
make some amendment in that clause.
Mr. BAYARD would presently advert to that
point; but first he would say that, since the bill was
up last, he had taken some pains to ascertain from
the department information as to the wants of the
service in regard to assistant surgeons and pursers.
There are sixty-nine surgeons—
Mr. BUCHANAN. How many assistant sur-
geons?
" " "Sir. BAYARD had been going on to explain. It
was not alone on board of ships in the navy that
suigeons were required, but also at the navy stations
and"navy-yaids; so' that a much larger number was
required than for the ships afloat.
In order to L&ve this matter unut'rsioful, he had
addressed a communication to the department, in-
quiring as to the occupation and disposition of these
surgeons, and in answer he learned that there are
sixty-nine in the navy. He held in his hand the
report of the proper bureau, showing the employ-
ment of these officers. They were all at different
stations, with the exception of nine awaiting orders
—most of whom have returned from sea. Five out
of the nine are on the sick list—four of them incur
rable; and the other four, after a voyage of two
three years, are on leave of absence. It was oh\
vious, then, that there was a very small number fori
relief; and that was necessary; for officers cannot)
always be kept on duty without respite. j
Mr. B. here enumerated the different navy sta-j
tions and navy-yards in which some of these sur-f
geons are distributed—leaving only eighteeii for re-j
lief service. Of these five are side, four of them in-
curable; and four on leave of absence. The wants\
of the department extend to twenty-five additional!
surgeons; but the committee of the Senate,
on consultation with that of the House,
had come to the conclusion of trying if fifLeen would
not do; and on this understanding the bill was re-
ported. He read from the report of the Secretary
of the Navy a passage showing the wants of the
service. It was impossible, in one of the large-class
vessels, with a complement of six or seven hundred'
men, to do with less than throe surgeons, or a sur-,'
geon and two assistants.  >
Mr. HUNTINGTON asked how many vessels
were in commission, and how many stations re-
quiring surgeons.
Mr. CRITTENDEN. I understood it to be the
intention of the senator from Delaware to propose
some modification about the age of clergymen enter-
ing the service.
Mr. BAYARD would have no objection to a mod
ification fixing the age, beyond which they are not
to be admitted, at thirty-live years, which was
the limit adopted in the British navy after long
experience, rle had received a valuable sta-
tistical table from a clergyman, since the subject
was up last, which satisfied him that this limitation
would be the uttermost modification it was prudent
to make. This table showed that hitherto, of all the
chaplains who had been in the service, those who
entered it after 35 years of age had served on an
average but three years and a half at sea; while, of
those who entered under 36 years, the average was
Q7 years of servicc at sea And it was a remarka-
ble faet that, of those who entered after 40 years of
age, not one had proceeded to a second voyage. It
was, no doubt, with a full knowledge of all tins,
that the board of navy officers, who sat some time
ago on the subject of making regulations, had come
to the conclusion that 30 years of age ought to be
the limitation for admitting chaplains.
Mr. CRITTENDKN. I move to amend the bill
bill by inserting 40 years instead of 30.
Mr. BUCHANAN was opposed to any limita-
tion. It was introducing the principle of excluding
or disqualifying a citizen of the United States from
the right of holding office, amounting to a disfran-
chisement of a right secured to him by the constitu-
tion. Why not leave it to the department to exer-
cise a sound discretion in the choice of chaplains?
It was a thing which should be left entirely in the
hands of the department.
Mr. DAYTON hoped the senator from Delaware
would not consent to alter the period fixed upon in
the bill. If the time was to be extended, he hoped
it would not be to forty years.
Mr. BAYARD said that, upon further considera-
tion, he did not believe it was a matter of great
importance to mention the matter in the bill at all.
He was rather inclined to think it could be managed
by the department itself, and therefore he was wil-
ling to strike out the whole section relating to cler-
gymen.
Mr. CRITTENDEN was satisfied, and with-
drew his motion.
Mr. DAYTON would not interfere with the de-
cision of the chairman of the Naval Committee.
The third section was accordingly, by unanimous
consent, struck out.
The question being on ordering the bill to be en-
grossed and read a third time,
Mr. TAPPAN spoke in opposition to the bill
for various reasons, and called for the yeas and
nays; which were ordered.
The vote was then taken, and resulted—yeas 17,
nays 21, as follows:
i'LAS—Messrs. Ashley, Barrow, Bate-;, Boyard, Choate,
Crittr-ruterj, Dickinson, y.miioltl, Francis;, Huycr, Johnson,
Mangum, Merrick, AiilUr, Tares, Simmons, and Wocc-
brj<U;e—17.
In AYS—Messrs Alien, Atherton, B.igby Benton. Brcesc,
Buchanan Clayton, J)jv Kvans, Ilannegan, Haywood,
Huntington, Jarnagm, Lewis, Niles, Pfrelps, Porter, Semple,
Sturgeon, Tappan, and Upham—2i,
So the Senate refused to order the bill to be en-
grossed and read a third sime.
POSTAGE TO FOREIGN COUNTRIES.
On motion of Mr. MERRICK, the Senate bill,
reported from the Committee on the Post Office and
Post, Roads, providing for the transportation of the
mail between the united States and foreign coun-
trias, was taken up, as in committee of the whole,
and placed under consideration.
It provides that the Postmaster General be au-
thorized, under the restrictions of existing laws, to
contract for the transportation of the United States
mail between any of the .ports of the United States,
and a poet or ports of a foreign power, whenever he
thinks it necessary for the public interest. He is
to report to Congress a' copy of each contract, with
a statement of the postage derived from the same,
Contracts to be made with citizens of the United
States, and the transportation of the mail to be by
Amcncan vessels. Contracts terminable by order
of the Postmaster Generator by joint resolution
of Congress. The third section specifies the rates
of postage. The fourth prohibits other vessels than
those contracted with from transporting letters. The
fifth sixth and seventh are section of details. The
eighth provides forinterchange of postage covers with
foreign governments. The ninth and tenth are
penal clauses. The eleventh relates to the postages
of consuls.
Ma. MERRICK submitted several amendments
from the Post Office Committee.
They were severally considered and adopted.
Among the amendments was one to assimilate
the rates of postage to those of England in relation
to North American letters, viz: for half ounce let-
ters 24 cents; for ounce letters 48 cents; and so on in
proportion to the number of half ounces.
The bill, as amended, was "reported back to the
Senate, and the amendments were concurred in.
It was then ordered to be engrossed, and read a
thitd time.
THE DUBUQUE CLAIM.
On motion of Mr. HENDERSON, the Senate
bill to confirm the title of a tract of land in the Ter-
ritory of Iowa, to the legal heirs and assignees of
.Tuht'ii Dubuque, deceased, was taken up, and its
consideration, as in committee of the whole, was
resumed.
It was reported back to the Senate.
Mr. BAGBY offered an amendment, the object of
which was to protect the rights of claimants whose
pre-emptions have not been recognised by the land
office in consequence of restrictions relative to min- ■
cral districts.
Mr. HENDERSON opposed the amendment as
being inconsistent with a private claim, such as this
was.
Mr. BAGBY insisted on the propriety and jus-
tice of his amendment.
Mr. PHELPS opposed the bill in tote. He had
given much attention to the subject, and had satisfied
himself that the whole claim rested upon two ques-
tions. One was, as to the right derived by Du-
buque from the Indians; and the other, as to the con-
firmation by the Spanish government. Now, with
regard to the first, it was beyond dispute that the
only right granted by the Indians was that of mining,
with the consequent right of way and temporary oc-
cupancy. And with regard to the second question,
the Spanish government only confirmed what the
Indians granted—that is, the right of mining and
occupancy for mining purposes. He therefore
moved that the bill be indefinitely postponed.
On this question Mr. HENDERSON demanded
thd yens and nays; which were ordered.
The vote was then taken and decided in the af-
firmative—yeas 19, nays 16, as follows:
YKAS—Messrs. Aslilev, Atherton, Bayard, Clayton, Dick-
inson, Dix, Kvans, Fairfield, Francis. Haywood, Hunting-
ton, Lewis, Niles, Phelps, Porter, Stuigeon, Tappan, tip-
ham, and Woodbury—1!).
NAYS—Messrs. Atchison. Bagby, Barrow, Bates, Benton.
Breese, Choate, Foster, Henderson, Ilugtsr. Jarnagin, John-
son, Mangurn, Morehead, White, and Wooilbridge—10.
So the bill was indefinitely postponed.
MAIL CONTRACTS ON RAILROADS.
On motion by Mr MERRICK, the House joint
resolution authorizing the Postm^Fter General to
make contracts with railroad companies for the
transportation of the mail in certain cases, was taken
up, read a third time, and passed.
REMISSION , OP DUTIES ON RAILROAD IRON.
The Senate bill for the relief of the State of
Michigan, and of certain railroad companies, was
