274
CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE
than one hundred and fifty miles square, the States
so admitted to enjoy equal rights and privileges with
the other States 
In 3794, Congress passed a resolution proposing
to the State of Virginia to revise her deed of ces-
sion, so as to make the number of States to be
formed out of the northwestern territory, not less
than three, nor more than five. This, after some
time, was acceeded to by the State of "Virginia; and
the consequence was, that the West was unjustly
deprived of the political power to which she is en-
titled. Mr. Y. then went on to show, that in pur-
suance of this policy, the new States laid out in the
West were given a greater extent of territory than
they ought to have had, so that they are destined
each to contain a population equal to that of two or
three Atlantic States, while they have no more rep-
resentation in the Senate than any one of them. He
said that by the limits it was proposed to give to
Iowa, she would contain three or four times as much
population as Florida, while it was provided that
Florida may be divided into two States, when either
division of it contains a population of 35,000. He
contended that if Florida was to be divided into two
States, there should be a provision also for dividing
Iowa, and argued that it would be safer to give po-
litical power to the West, than to the Atlantic
States, for the West was the great conservative
power of the Union. Though the spirit of dis-
union might exist in the, .North and in the South,
it could never live in the West, for the interests of the
West being inseparably connected with both, she
would always hold them together.
He continued his argument to the close of his
allotted hour.
Mr. BELSER, after a few word^ in reference to
the speech of the gentleman who had preceded him,
pi'oceed to notice some of the arguments which had
been used on this occasion, in relation to what was
called the balance of power between the Atlantic and
the other States. He said Virginia had voluntarily
made her cessions of territory, out of which had
grown the States of Ohio, Indiana, Illinois, Michi-
gan, and the Territory of Wisconsin; and Missouri
and Iowa had been formed out of territory which
once formed part of Louisiana. If the gentleman
from Ohio had looked at the boundaries of Missouri,
he would have found that she contained about
67,000 square miles; and the bill before them pro-
posed to give to Iowa a territory of some 65,500
square miles. The gentleman ought to have taken
these facts into consideration, and they would have
furnished him with an argument against the positions
which he had taken, that the object of those who
live in the Atlantic States was to maintain the bal-
ance of power with those States in the United States
Senate. In relation to the remarks of the gentleman
from Ohio respecting the division of Florida into
separate States, he said he was willing to admit
both Florida and Iowa as one or more States, alike,
if that were necessary to the success of the measure,
and the peace and harmony of this Unfon. He
stood there as a southwestern representative, (the
district he represented being bordered by Florida,)
and he did not believe that the enlightened citizens
of his district looked on the admission of Florida
to the preservation of the balance of that
power of which the gentleman had spoken. They
knew, in his part of the country, that the
sceptre had departed from them long since, but
they also knew that their natural allies were the
grain-growing States of the W^est, to whom they
looked for succor in the hour of danger. No; they
had no such view as that which had been intimated.
They had no expectation of preserving the balance
of power. If such had been their intention, would
they have been found aiding in the passage of the
measure for the occupation of Oregon, or to create
the Territory of the Nebraska? They looked higher
ill their legislation. They looked to the entire na-
t10n—to its honor; to its ultimate grandeur; to the
protection of its citizens; and to the maintenance of
its character. Here they found that which served
for their guidance in their legislation here.
After some further remarks, he came to the ques-
tion more immediately before the committee; and in
relation to the boundary of Missouri, he said there
was a tribunal already established by which that
question would be determined.
He approved of the plan submitted by the chair-
man of the Committee on Territories. He feared
that, it was intended to give this question the go-by;
but he wished the question to be brought before the
tribunal which was best calculated to examine ana
decide it.
The other branch of the subject, and that on
which he should principally dwell, was the admis-
sion of Florida into this Union; and in this he should
endeavor to avoid the party and sectional recrimina-
tions too common here. The people of Florida had
written their history in the memorial presented to
this body; and he glanced at some of the positions
taken in that memorial—in particular that in which
they urge, as a ground for their admission into the
Union, the guaranty in the treaty of 1819, by which
we acquired that territory; "that it shall be incorpo-
rated into the Union of the United States as soon as
consistent with the principles of the federal constitu-
tion and admitted to all the rights and privileges of
the citizens of the other States;" and he maintained
and enforced this position.
He next came to the consideration of the reasons
urged, or that might be urged, against the admission
of Florida into the Union. The first of these was,
that Florida wanted the requisite number of inhabit-
ants for admission; and he contended that there was
no provision in the constitution of the United Slates
which required that it should have a certain number
of inhabitants as a qualification for admission into
the Union; and he referred to a report made some
years since t® the Senate of the United States by
Mr. Webster in confirmation of his position. The
people of Florida demaaded admission on the terms
and guaranties of this treaty; and that the treaty was
of paramount authority, he proceeded to argue on va-
rious considerations, referring particularly to vari-
ous decisions of the Supreme Court of the United
States, that treaties made in due form, and not con-
flicting with the constitution, are the supreme law
of the land, overriding and setting aside all conflict-
ing legislative enactments. Florida, therefore, he
contended, had the right to come into the Union
without a sufficient amount of population to come
up to the representative ratio.
[A message in writing was received from the
President of the United States by the hands of Cap-
tain Waggaman, his private secretary.]
He proceeded to examine and reply at some
length to a second objection which might be made,
viz: on the ground of the existence of slavery m this
Territory.
Having noticed the objections that were made,
he came to argue the general policy of admitting
States into the Union; and he laid down the posi-
tion that the framers of the constitution never in-
tended that territory should remain under the guar-
dianship of Congress any longer than to enable it to
comply with those requisites necessary to admit it
into the family of States; and he concurred with the
gentleman from Ohio [Mr. Vintojj] in the position
that the West was to act as the saviour of this
Union, being ultimately designed to hold the balance
of power; that her interests were identified with
those of the other two sections, viz. the North and
the South; particularly with the interests of that sec-
tion (the South) which he had the honor in part to
represent on this floor. He asked the gentleman
whether Florida, being admitted as a State into this
Union, would not be more competent to perform her
part in protecting this government than if she re-
mained a Territory. He referred to the geographi-
cal situation of Florida, and to various other consid-
erations, to enforce this position.
[A message was received from the Senate, an-
nouncing the passage by that body of certain bills,
and asking concurrence therein.]
He then went on to review the objections that
had been made to the constitution of Florida, par-
ticularly to that part which prohibits the emigration
of free negroes in the State, and the emancipation
of slaves, contending that these were precautionary
measures necessary for the safety of the State, and
that no slave State can be safe without such pre-
cautions. He said that free negroes who would go
there would go with no peaceable intentions, but
with fire brands in their hands, and to excite dis-
satisfaction among the slaves.
He then enlarged on the policy of admitting new
States into the Union, and extending the benefits of
our form of government, showing that the Union
was strengthened and preserved by expanding its
blessings He was for annexing Texas, and bring-
ing Oregon within the jurisdiction of this govern-
ment; denying the charge that those who were in
favor of these measures were ready to involve the
country in a war with England. He did not believe
that a firm adherence to the rights of the nation
would involve us in war; but if it did, we had better
meet it than abandon our just rights.
After some conversation between Messrs. A. C.
DODGE, A. V. BROWN, and BRINKER-
HOFF, the question was put on the amendment to
the amendment offered by Mr. Duncan, as fol-
lows:
Strike out the second section after the word "that," iu the
first line, and insert!
This admission of the State of Iowa is upon'the express
condition that the said State shall consist Qf, and have juris-
diction over, the territory included within the following
boundaries—to wit: beginning in the middle of the St. Pe-
ter's river, at the junction of the Watonwaer or Bine Earth
river with the said river St. Peter; running thence due east
to the boundary line of the Territory of Wisconsin, in tho
middle of the Mississippi river; thence down the middle of
the last named river with the boundary line of the Territory
of Wisconsin and State of Illinois to the northeast corner of
the State of Missouri, in said river Mississippi: thence west-
wardly with the boundary line ofsaid State ofMissouri to a
point due south from the place of beginning; thence due
north to the place of beginning in said St. Peter's river.
Sec. 3. Be it further enacted, That the said State of Iowa
shall have concurrent jurisdiction on the river Mississippi, 4
and every other river bordering on-the said State of iowa,
so far as the said rivers shall form a common boundary to
said State, and any other State or States now or hereafter to
be formed or bounded by the same; such rivers to be com-
mon to both; and that the said river Mississippi, and the
navigable waters leading into the same, shall be common
highways, and forever free as well to the inhabitants of said
State as to all other citizens of the United States, without
any tax, duty, impost, or toll therefor imposed by the said
State of Iowa.
Skc. 4 lie it further enacted, That it is made and declared
to be a fundamental condition of the admission of said State
of Iowa into the Union, that so much of this act as relates
to the said State of Iowa shall be assented to by a conven-
tion of delegates, to be elected by the people ol said State,
for the purpose of giving the assent herein required; and
as soon as such assent snail be given, the President of the
United States shall announce the same by proclamation;
and therefrom, and without further proceedings on the part
of Congress, the admission of the said State of Iowa into
the Union, on an equal footing, in all respects whatever,
with the original States, shall be considered as complete.
Tellers being; called for and ordered, the amend-
ment was decidcd in the affirmative—ayes 91, noes
40.
The question was then put on the amendment as
amended, and it was carried.
Mr. DUNCAN here offered the following amend-
ment:
Bounded by the Mississippi on the east by a parallel of
latitude passing through the mouth of the Mankato, or Blue
Karth river; on the north, by a meridian line running equi-
distant from the seventeenth and eighteenth degrees of
longitude west from Washington on the west; and by the
northern boundary of Missouri on.the south.
Mr. A. V. BROWN begged leave to say that
these boundaries were taken precisely from Nicolet's
map.
Mr. BRINICERHOFF inquired of the chairman
of the committee if this would not leave the western
boundaries indefinite.
Mr. A. V. BROWN said it would not.
The CHAIR said that the amendment was not in
order, as the committee had already passed an
amendment to strike out and insert.
Mr. DUNCAN moved to reconsider the vote
adopting the amendment.
The CHAIR said the motion was not in order.
Mr. DTNCAN withdrew his motion for a recon-
sideration.
A long conversation then ensued, in which Mr.
BOWL1N, Mr. A. V. BROWN, Mr. G. DAVIS,
Mr. VINTON, Mr. A. C. DODGE, Mr. JAME-
SON, Mr. McCLERNAND, and some others took
part; and the amendment of the gentleman from
Ohio was then adopted by general consent.
The Clerk next read the third section of the bill.
Mr. PETTIT moved to strike out the proviso,
which was designed to enable Florida, when her
population east of the Suwannee river should amount
to 35,000, to erect a new State to be called East
Florida out of that portion of her territory. He said
Florida was not so large as lowa, and therefore he
could sec no propriety in retaining this proviso.
Mr. W. HUNT obtained the floor and proceeded
to address the committee at great length. He was
understood to agree that Florida had not the consti-
tutional population for admission as a State. He
alluded to the existence of slavery, and said it was
one of those questions that he desired not to hear
debated on this floor. Slavery existed before the
adoption of the constitution, and he wished to leave
it with the States in which it existed, where the con-
stitution had left it. .
But while that sentiment prevailed in its greatest
strength, there was at the same time a spjrit of sub-
ordination and attachment to the constitution which
prevented interference with that institution as now
established. It was nevertheless true, that that sen-
timent had been developed and strengthened by the
legislative action of this government, particularly of
