Congressional globe.
<175
this Congress, during its last and its present ses-
sions. A new position had been taken by the
friends of slavery. Instead of standing behind the
barriers of the constitution, and continuing to treat
slavery as a local institution, with which Congress
had nothing to do, the principle had lately been ad-
vanced, and the action of the government predicated
on it, that the federal government was bound, where
it was considered necessary, to exert the treaty-ma-
Inng power, for the purpose of extending and per-
petuating that institution. -He deprecated this move-
ment as betokening the approach of a period when
harmony was forever to depart from our national
councils. He was not here to contend that the ex-
istence of slavery was sufficient to prevent the ad-
mission of Florida. But for the recent legislation
on the subject of slavery it would have been re-
ceived, he doubted not, with a spirit of compromise
and harmony; and, notwithstanding the existence
of this institution therein, Florida would have been
admitted as a State with but little opposition.
Independently of the considerations previously
stated, he referred to a provision in the constitution
of Florida which he considered not only not in con-
formity with the principles of the federal constitu-
tion, but directly in violation of them—viz: that for-
ever restricting the legislature of the State from au-
thorizing the master, even incase he wished to do
it, to emancipate his slaves, and making slavery per-
petual. One of the great objects of the constitution
was "to secure the blessings of liberty." This pro-
vision of the constitution of the proposed State was
in direct conflict with the object; was not only in
violation of the rights of the slave, but of the master
himself; and furnished him with a sufficient reason,
were there none other, for voting against this admis-
sion.
lie referred, partly by way of inquiry, to the
debts of Florida, for the payment of which lie said
the people of Florida did not consider themselves
liablr; and suggested it as a subject well worthy of
consideration on whom the obligation of these debts
would rest when Florida was admitted into the
Union. Not being very much in favor of the as-
sumption by the government of State debts, lie
■wished to hear from the delegate from Florida, and
from other gentlemen, on the subject.
Mr. H. having concluded—
Mr. LEVY rose only for the explanation of cer-
tain facts connected with this particular subject, and
not for the purpose of replying to the gentleman
who preceded him. He should avail himself of
some other opportunity of replying to the objections of
the gentleman from New York, when some other
gentleman should make a specific proposition. In
reference to the objections that had been made to
the provision that Florida, when possessed of there-
requisite population,might be divided into two States,
lie should, without, touching on the question of the
balance of power between the North and the South,
refer the committee to the facts necessary to be con-
sidered in the settlement of this question. By the
tieaty by which Florida was ceded to the United
States, it was provided, not that one territory and one
people should lie admitted into the Union, but two
territories and two peoples. For the economy and
convenience of the government of the. United Slates,
Florida was organized into one territorial govern-
ment; out it previously existed as two separate
provinces of Spain, and under two separate govern-
ments. It was delivered to the United States as
two separate governments; and was in fact, held for
a year as such, until, by the organization of the pres-
ent terntoual government, it was consolidated into
one. As far back as 1764, the Floridas were erected
into two separate governments, East and West
Florida, by a British edict; and when they came into
the possession of Spain, they were held as two gov-
ernments till ceded to the United States. And there
was good reason why there should be two govern-
ments, insead of one. Its geographical position
and shape was such that one government would be
exceedingly inconvenient. [Mr. L. here held up a
map of the United States, showing the long penin-
sula of Florida, running out between the Gulf and
the Atlantic, and having a considerable western ter-
ritory, which might properly be said to belong to
the valley of the Mississippi, so that, instead of
adding to the power of the Atlantic States, it would
give one State to the western, and the other to the
Atlantic section. He then contended that this gov-
ernment was bound in good faith to carry out the
stipulations of the treaty by which the Floridas
were ceded to the United States, by admitting them
as two entire States, and argued that it would be a
flagrant breach of trust, as well as a cruel piece of
injustice to those people, to violate the treaty in the
manner proposed by the gentleman from New York.
.Mr. McCLERNAND said he did not rise to
enter into the debate of the question before the
committee; but his purpose was to put a few ques-
tions in regard to certain principles involved in it,
upon which he desired explanation. The bill con-
templated a two-fold object. # First, the immediate
admission of the whole Territory of Oregon as one
State; second, the future formation of a second State
within the limits of the first. These were the ob-
jects of the bill, but the latter was dependent upon
a contingency—the concurrence of the eonsent of
local majorities of the legislature of Florida.
, The bill, as he understood it, recognised the com-
petency of the legislature of Florida to dismember
the Territory of Oregon, with a view to the forma-
tion of a second State Mr. McC. denied this posi-
tion. It went further than the Algerines of Rhode
Island (so called) went. They insisted that the
consent of the legislature was a necessary prerequi-
site to the change of the constitution and govern-
ment. But here it is declared that the legislature
of Florida may of itself, of its own will and motion,
without regard to the people, change the fundamen-
tal law, and dismember the State. He denied such
a prerogative to belong to the legislature; it belong-
ed to the people, and could only rightfully be exer-
cised by them. The territory of a State belonged
to the people of the State; the function of govern-
ment was to preserve it. A different doctrine would
invest government with a moral power of self de-
struction.
The bill also undertook to prescribe conditions,
upon the performance of which the right of form-
ing the new State was to be dependent.
It required that a majority of the members of the le-
gislature, coming from particular localities, should
concur for the formation of a new State, before itcould
be done. He denied to Congress power to prescribe
such conditions and impose such restrictions. Con-
gress might give or withhold its consent to the for-
mation of a new State; and after this he thought the
power of Congress was exhausted upon the subject.
If Congress might demand, as the condition of the
formation of a new State, that local majorities in the
legislature should concur for such an object; that
a majority of the members from particular districts
or counties shauld concur, they might impose other
terms still more destructive of State rights and the
rights of the people. Their power would be ex-
tended beyond the mere constitutional power of con-
sent or refusal.
In expressing these views, it was not his purpose
to commit himself on the question of policy relating
to the division of Florida into two States. °
- Mr. LEVY made a few observations in reply, but
in so low a tone that the reporter could not hear
them amid the noise and confusion that prevailed.
On the motion of striking out the proviso, tellers
were called for, and ordered, and Messrs. Houston
and Rayner were appointed; and they reported 8G
in the affirmative, and 57 in the negative. So the
proviso was stricken out.
Mr. MORSE then submitted an amendment as a
proviso, by which it was intended that provision
should be made for the holding of a convention, to
consist of delegates elected by the legally qualified
voters of Florida, for the purpose of revising the
constitution of that Territory, and erasing those pro-
visions which prohibit the legislature of Florida
passing any law for the abolition of slavery, and the
emigration of free negroes. The operation of this
law for the admission of the Territory as a State, it
proposed to suspend until the convention had been
held, and the constitution so changed.
A conversation ensued on this amendment be-
tween Mr. MORSE and Mr. LEVY.
Mr. A. V. BROWN then spoke at some length
in opposition to it. He said the gentleman from
Maine had looked over the constitution of Florida,
and he had found in it some solitary sections of
which lie disapproved; and perhaps if the other 322
members of this House should look over it, they
might each find something for which they would
not have voted if they had formed part of the con-
vention by which it was adopted; but such was not
the mode in which they should legislate on this
subject. They should ask whether the constitution
had been complied with, and not whether there
was not a solitary section which was not quite
agreeable to a single member of this House. Had
the people of Florida secured to them a republican
form of government? If that were secured, the
terms of the constitution were complied ,With.
But he wished this proviso to be rightly under-
The legislature of Florida had no right to pass a
law for the emancipation of slaves, and allow them
to remain within the borders of that Territory. That
was the meaning of it; and to that tile gentlemarl
from Maine was opposed. Now, did the gentleman
from Maine desire to say to the southern States that
they should emancipate their slaves; and not only
so, but that such emancipated slaves should remain
amongst them as citizens? He then entered into some
statements to show that it was for the good of the
slaves themselves to be removed to Liberia or else-
where, as they could not, as free blacks, remain in
comfort where they had been held as slaves. As
well might the gentleman from the slave States ob-
ject to the admission of Iowa, because her constitu-
tion prohibited slavery, as the gentleman from
Maine object to the admission ef Florida, because
her constitution contained this provision. He
urged a great variety of other arguments against
the amendment which had been offered.
' Mr. P. KING moved that the committee rise.
Messrs. Moseley and Belser were appointed
tellers to take the vote on that motion, and they re-
ported 7G in the affirmative, and 76 in the^negative.
The Chair voted in the affirmative; so the commit-
tee rose and reported progress.
The SPEAKER stated that two bills had been
presented by inadvertence, and passed this morning,
which had never been referred to the Committee of
the Whole on the state of the Union.
On motion of Mr. CAVE JOHNSON, the votes
on the said bills—being the bills above mentioned,
appropriating for the improvement of the Fox and
Wisconsin rivers, &c., and for the expenses of a
session of the general assembly of Wisconsin—were
reconsidered, and they were regularly referred to
the Committee of the Whole on the state of the
Union.
Mr. CAVE JOHNSON moved that the House
resolve itself again into Committee of the Whole on
the state of the Union; but waiving this motion tem-
porarily, he moved the adoption of a resolution to
terminate debate on the bill now pending in com-
mittee—viz. for the admission into the Union of
Iowa and Florida—in twenty minutes after again ta-
ken up in committee.
Mr. STETSON moved that the House ad-
journ.
On this motion the yeas and nays were asked
and ordered; and being taken, resulted—yeas G9,
nays 84.
So the House refused to adjourn.
The question recurring on the adoption of the res-
olution of Mr. Cave Johnson, the previous ques-
tion was moved by Mr. J.
Mr. A DAMS said he hoped the gentleman would
not press the motion to terminate debate in so short
a time, as there were very important questions in-
volved.
The SPEAKER reminded the gentleman that de-
bate was not in order, the previous question (raving
been moved.
Mr. ADAMS moved that the House adjourn.
The SPEAKER said that it was not now in or-
der, the House having just rejected this mo-
tionl
Mr. ADAMS then moved to lay the resolution
on the table.
On this motion the yeas and nays were ordered
by tellers.
Mr. R. D. DAVIS moved that the House ad-
journ.
The yeas and nays were asked and ordered; and
being taken, resulted—yeas 72, nays 80.
So the House refused again to adjourn.
The question recurring on the motion to lay the
resolution on the table,
Mr. HUDSON moved a call of the House; and
the yeas and nays having been ordered, the ques-
tion was taken and decided in the negative—yeas
45, nays 112.
Mr. E.J. MORRIS moved that the House ad-
journ.
Mr. THOMPSON colled for the yeas and nays;
which were ordered, when
Mr. E. J. MORRIS withdrew the motion.
Mr. DICKEY renewed it.
Mr. THOMPSON called for the yeas and nays:
which were ordered; and the question was taken
and decided in the negative—yeas 70, nays 94.
After some conversation, Mr. C. JOHNSON
withdrew his resolution, and substituted a motion
