r? {**r)R
276
CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
Aat the territorial business be msde the special or-
Mr. HUBARD submitted a resolution that ladies
be admitted on the floor of the House to-morrow
dunngthe counting of The votes for President and
vice President; when,
On motion ofMr. DICKEY,
The House adjourned.
The following notices of petitions presented to-
day were handed to the reporters by the members
presenting them:
qJ/J^VH,yN(;EEf0IlD: The Petition of citizens of
hacket s Harbor for the erection of a moiiument to the
memorj of Gen. Pike and other officers who were killed in
the service of their country during the late war: referred to
the Committee on Military Aflairs.
i in y BOLLOCK: The petition-of Thomas Hays and
110 other citizens of Union county, Pennsylvania, praying
for a reduction of postage and the abolition of the franking
privilege : referred to the Committee ot the Whole on the
state ot the Union.
TIBBATTS: The memorial of Bernard Cohn.jr.,
and 76 others, citizens of New Orleans, praying that Con-
gress may pass House bill No. 71, entitled A bill to amend
an act entitled An act to provide for the better security of
the lives of passengers on board of vessels propelled in
whole or in part by steam; approved July 9, 1838: referred
to the Committee of the Whole on the state of the Union.
By Mr. BENTON: The petition of Edward Robinson, S.
H. Cox, and others, members of the Union Theological
Seminary, New York, asking Congress to reduce the rate
oi postage to two cents, and to abolish the franking privi-
lege: Referred to the Committee on the Post Olhce and
rost Roads.
By i\Ir. St. JOHN: The petition of John Freet and 170
others, citizens of the county of Wyandot, in the State of
Ohio, asking a grant of town lots in Upper Sandusky, m
♦ aid county, on condition that the seat of justice be estab-
lished in said town: referred to the Committee on Public
Lands.
By Mr. HAYS: The petition of citizens of Crawford coun-
ty, Pennsylvania, for the construction of a Macadamized
road at some point on the Cumberland road at or near the
western base of the Laurel Hill, through Pittsburgh, and by
the arsenal at Pittsburgh, and the arsenal atiMeadviUe, to the
harbor at Erie: referred to the Committee on Roads and
Canals.
By Mr. llAMSEY: The petition of Wm McClure, John
A. Wier, and 60 others, citizens of Dauphin county, Penn-
sylvania. praying Congress to reduce the postage to a fixed
rate of two cents, and lor the abolition ot the franking privi-
lege.
By Mr. J. E. CAR-Y: The petition of B. Davis and 100
others, citi7ens of Otsego county, New York, pravmgfor
the establishment of a mail route from Oneonta,*to New
"Berlin, by way of ButternuUs: referred the Committee on
the Post Office and Post Roads
By Mr. GRIDER: The petition of Ralph Young: referred
to the Committee on Revolutionary Pensions.
By Mr. SAMPLE: The petition of Marsena Clark and 97
others, citizens of Laporte county, Indiana, praying for the
unconditional emancipation of ail persons held as slaves in
the District of Columbia, and in any Territories of the United
States, or other places where Congress has jurisdiction;
and for the repeal of the 3d and 4th sections of the act of
Congress entitled An act respecting fugitives fromjustice
and persons escaping from the >>ei\ice of their masters, ap-
proved February 12,179.}, and all other acts which impli-
cate the people of the free States in the support of slavery.
And that Congress may step to the very verge of the power
vested in it for discouraging every species of traffic in the
persons of our fellow men.
Mr. S also presented the petition ofHerbert Williams and
103 others, citizens of the same county, remonstrating
against the annexation of Texas to the Union.
Also the petition of Herbert Williams and 97 others, citi-
zens of tlie same county, setting forth that Capt Jonathan
Walker has been comic ted in the Teiritory of Florida, and
punished by branding and standing m the pillory, for aiding
a number of his fellow-creatures m their efforts to obtain
their rights with which the} are endowed by their Creator,
and praying that Congress may causo the laws of Florida,
by which such punishments are inflicted, to be repealed:
and also to repeal all laws which tolerate slavery m said
Territoiy, so that this nation mai hencefoi th be ed irom
the disgraC'"1 of sustaining such robes of barbarism, and of
supporting the iniquitous system oi'slaver}".
Also the petition ol Jacob Isemmgcr anil 1J others, citi-
'/ens oftiu* same county, praj ing an amendment ol the con-
stitution as to make the basis ol representation uniform
in all the States.
By Mr. RSDJ.VG* The petition of 33 individual?, inhabit-
ants of iIold.;inp<e'. Nt-w Uonipchiro, asking Congref-s to
nbohsh slau-rj in th^ District ol Columbia and the Terutn-
nes. Also a lemonstrmce of 12 ons/ens of the same town
against the ani'e.xation ul Ti-\a-! to th^ Union
By Mr. WENT WORTH: The petition of T< B. Nichols and
other citizens of Lake county, Illinois, for a grant oi land
lor the eompl:tion oi the Illinois <md Michigan canal: re-
iVzicdtu th" Committee on Pul-lie LnjyK 'i he petition oi
W. C 'i'o-ll And other Citizen of Warrenville, Dupage
county, to re^ct all propositions for the annexation of
Texas. Also trom the same, for the abolition oi sla^ cry in
the District of Columbia and the Terntorios .Also, from the
same, for the repeal of the laws in Florida under which Capt.
Jonathan Walker is punished: refeired to the Committee
on Foreign Alitor* Also, the petition of Allen Baldwin and
otherciti7ens of McIIenry county, m favor of the reduction
of postage: referred to the Committee on the Post Office and
Post Roads. Also, the petition ol J W.Kingsley and other
citizens of Dundee, Kane county. Illinois, in favor of a re-
duction of postage: referred to the Committee on the Post
Office and Tost Roads. Also, the proceedings of a public
meeting at Napemile, Dupage county, Illinois, for the re
duction of postage: referred to the Committee on the Tost
Omce and Post Roads. 1
By Mr. HERRICK: The petition of Sally Tyler, widow
of Daniel Tyler deceased, for a pension: referred to the
Committee on Revolutionary Pensions.
IN SENATE.
Wednesday, February 12, 1845.
On motion by Mr.*EVANS, the reading of the
journal was dispensed with.
A message was received from the House of Rep-
resentatives, by the hands of Mr. French, their
Clerk, giving information that that body was in or-
der to receive the Senate, and proceed to the open-
ing of the certificates and counting the votes given
by the electoral^ colleges of the several States for
President and Vice President of the United States.
The message being read, the Senate proceeded in
a body, headed by the President pro tem., and pre-
ceded by their Sergeant-at-arms, to the House of
Representatives, to execute the joint order of the
two Houses. The Senate, in the same order, re-
turned to the Senate chamber, and resumed their
seats about two hours thereafter; when
Mr. WALKER, from the Committee on the part
of the Senate appointed to join the committee on
the part of the House, to report as to the mode of
counting the electoral votes for President and Vice
President, and infoming the persons efected of their
election, reported, in further execution of their duty,
a resolution declaring the result, and proposing the
appointment of one senator, to join such two mem-
bers as might be appointed on the part of the House
of Representatives to wait on the President and
Vice President elect, and inform them of their elec-
tion.
The question was taken on the resolution, and
it was adopted.
Oil motion, the Chair was authorized to appoint
the committee on the part of the Senate; when Mr.
Wai.ker wasappinted.
Mr. HUGER presented a petition—name not
heard—which was referred to the Committee on
Naval Affairs.
On motion by Mr. HUNTINGTON, it was or-
dered that 200 copies of the report from the War
Deportment, of the magnetical observations at the
Girard Colleage, Philadelphia, from the year 1840
to the 1st April, 1845, be printed for thr use of the
Topographical bureau.
Mr. WHITE presented a memorial from a num-
ber of citizens of Indiana, praying for the repeal of
the naturalization laws: ordered to lie on the table.
Mr. FAIRFIELD entered a motion for the recon-
sideration of the vote rejecting the bill for the settle-
ment of the Dubuque claim. He remarked that he
did this at the request of a friend, and from no dis-
position to change his vote against, the bill.
On motion by Mr. ATCHISON, it was ordered
that all the memorials from Missouri presented to
the Senate the last session for additional mail routes,
be taken from the files, and referred to the Commit-
tee on the Post Office and Post Roads.
Mr. WALKER, from the Committee on the Post
Office and Post Roads, reported back, without
amendment, the bill from the House for the relief of
Walker, Kimball & Caruthers.
Also reported back, without amendment, and
with a recommendation that they be indefinitely
postponed, the bills from the House for the relief of
Dunning McNair, Sellers, and Fenwick.
Mr. JARNAGIN, from the Committee on Roads
and Canals, reported a bill for the relief of the ex-
ecutor of Henry King, deceased; which was read,
and ordered to a second reading.
Then, on motion of Mr. BREESE,
The Senate adjourned.
HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES.
Wednesday, February l?, 1845.
On motion of Mr. PRATT, the reading of the
journal was dispensed with.
FURNITURE OF THE PRESIDENTIAL MAN-
SION.
Mr. PRATT moved that the House resolve itself
into Committee of the Whole on the state of the
Union, for the purpose of taking up the bill for fur-
nishing the presidential mansion.
The question was taken, and the motion was re-
jected.
Mr. LEVY asked leave to offer a resolution call-
ing on the President of the United States for infor-
mation as to the individual amount of losses sustain-
ed in Floiida during the recent Indian hostilities
therein, and for the report of the same to the next
Congress.
x>™e re?oIution objected to by Mr. RATH-
BUN and many others, was not received,
MISSOURI RESOLUTIONS'—OREGON.
Mr. BOWLIN, on leave, presented a memorial
of the legislature of Missouri, On the' subject of
the immediate occupation of Oregon; which, on his
motion, was laid on the table, and ordered to be
printed,
Mr. ELLIS, on leave> reported, from the Commit-
tee on Foreign Affairs, bills for the relief of Armand
J. Donnet, late chargS de affaires to Portugal, and
of Benjamin E. Green, late charge de affaires at Mex-
ico; which were referred to the Committee of the
Whole House, and ordered to be printed.
Mr. RATEBUN asked leave to report a bill from
the Committee of Ways and Means; but objections
were made at this time.
EXECUTIVE COMMUNICATIONS.
At the suggestion of Mr. CAVE JOHNSON,
and by general consent,
The SPEAKER laid before the House the fol-
lowing executive communications:
A message from the President of the United
States, in reply to a resolution of the House asking
for the correspondence, if any, between this govern-
ment and Great Britain relative to fugitive criminals
in Florida: referred,
On motion of Mr. LEVY, to the Committee on
Foreign Affairs.
Also, a message from the President, transmitting
the annual report of the inspectors of the peniten-
tiary in this District: referred,
On motion of Mr. DROMGOOLE, to the Com-
mittee for the District of Columbia.
A communication from the Department of State,
relative to alleged errors in the sixth census: referred,
On motion of Mr. ADAMS, to the Committee on
Statistics.
From the Navy Department, transmitting 250 co-
pies of the Navy Register.
From the War Department, transmitting 223 co-
pies of the Army Register: both which were laid on
the table, and ordered to be printed.
From the Treasury Department, in regard to the
balance due from Caleb J. McNulty, late Clerk of
the House of Representatives: referred to the Com-
mittee on Accounts, and ordered to be printed.
From the War Department, relative to the state
of the fortifications on the Florida reef, and the esti-
mates for continuing the same: referred,
On motion of Mr. LEVY, to the Committee on
Military Affairs, and ordered to be printed.
From the Treasury Department, a statement of
clerks and others employed in that department dur-
ing the year 1844.
From the Post Office Department, a similar state-
ment: both of which were laid on the table, and or-
dered to be printed.
From the Treasury Department, a statement of
balances, receipts, expenditures, &c., on account of
the Chickasaw Indians: referred to the Committee
on Indian Affairs, and ordered to be printed.
From the War Department, the report, of Cap-
tain Graham, in 1835, of the survey of Captain
Graham, of that usually known as "the Olivermn
canal route."
On motion of Mr. REDING it was laid on the
table, and ordered to be printed.
SENATE BILLS.
The Senate bill appropriating for the construction
ofa free bridge across the aastern branch of the Po-
tomac, in the city of Washington, came, and \w\.-s
twice re d.
Mr. CAUSTN moved its reference to the Com-
mittee of the Whole on the stntc of the Union.
A motion was made to rcfei it the Committee f >r
the I isnict of Columbia.
Mr. RiiDING moved to lay the bill on the
table.
The bill was read at length by the Clerk.
The question was taken on the motion of Mr.
Repiko, and decided in the Htfirroatixc—yeas 110,
nays 67, as follows:
YEAS --Messrs. Arlington, Atkinson Et-lsor I'enton,
Jdinos A Black, El-U'kwj'll, Bowt.i, Boyd, Urinkoihoil.
Brodhead, Aaron V. Brovn, V. illiam .1. "Brown. Br.rke
Burt, Carpenter, Jeremiah E. < aiy, C-itlin, Reuben* hap-
man. Clinton, ( oles, ( rosa, Cnllom, Dana, Daniel, Il-cu-
arii P Davis,.John W. Denis, Dean. Dillingham, Droingoob*,
Duncan, Dunlap, Kllis, Marino, FiclJin Focter, trench.
Fuller, Giddings, Byram Green, Hale, Hannibal Hamlin.
Haralson, Hardin, Hays, Henley, Hopkins, Houston, Hit-
bard, Hubbell, Hughes, Hungerl'ord, J. B Hunt Jameson,
Cave John&ou, Perloy B, Johnson, Andrew Johnson, A.
