5 *T {•■ ..A 7
280
CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
executive could our relations with foreign govern-
ments be adjusted, and especially could our con-
tracts with foreign governments be. made; that the
legislative powers and the powers of Congress were
of a domestic character, and intended by the con-
stitution to have a domestic application. But the
treaty-making power, composed as it is of the Pres-
ident of the United States and the Senate, alone
was the power to cary on negotiations with foreign
btates—to make contracts with foreign States—and
such other action as is necessary to maintain the
ioreign relations of the country.
He repeated that it was unnecessary for him to
travel over that ground again. He thought the ar-
gument was not only unanswerable, but had never
been answered—upon which this question was
placed in the debate of 1816 in the House of Repre-
sentatives, upon the commercial treaty of that year.
Jt was enough for him that this mode of acquiring
territory by treaty had been sanctioned by a num-
ber of precedents which amounted in his opinion to
the only legitimate construction of the consti-
tution of the United States upon that important
subject. Louisiana was the very first instance.
Louisiana was brought into the Union by treaty—
by a negotiation started by Mr. Jefferson and
sanctioned by the Senate of the United States.
Louisiana was, at the commencement of this gov-
ernment, in the hands of a foreign power, and con-
trolled the important points of the mouth of the Mis-
sissippi. There we had all the commerce of our
western territory. It became, therefore, a matter of
indispensable importance—a matter connected with
the preservation of the Union itself—that some
movement should be made for the annexation of
Louisiana to this country. It was done. The trea-
ty of annexation passed the Senate of the United
States in 1803 by a vote of 24 to 7—being more than
two-thirds, which is the constitutional majority re-
quired.
Florida was the next precedent. That treaty was
negotiated by Mr. Monroe in 1819, and confirmed
by the unanimous vote of the Senate of the United
States. After Florida was introduced, a question
arose in the courts of justice of that Territory,
which was brought into the Supreme Court of the
United States; and there this very question of the
treaty-making power to annex foreign territory was
made a point for decision in the case. The question
■was directly met ana decided by the Supreme Court
of the United States.
"The course (said Judge Marshall) which the argument
has taken, will require that, in deciding this question, the
court should take into view the relation in which Florida
btands to the United States. The constitution confers abso-
lutely upon the government the powers of making war grid
of making treaties, consequently, that government pos-
sesses the power of acquiring territory either by conquest
or by treaty.''
The next instance was in the case ofTexas her-
self. During the last year, negotiations were institu-
ted, into the details of which he would not now go.
The object was to introduce Texas into the Union.
The treaty was sent to the Senate for ratification. It
was discussed as constitutional; and it was voted for,
he took it, as constitutional.
These, then, were the precedents. There had
been three instances of the negotiation of the gov-
ernment of the United States for the annexation of
foreign territory to this Union. The power to an-
nex by treaty had been sanctioned by the Supreme
Court of the United States. More than that, the
power to annex Louisiana and Florida had been ac-
quiesced in by the people of the States of this Union
without murmur, so far as he had ascertained from
the authorities of that period. Now, was it consti-
tutional to annex those Territories to the govern-
ment of the United States by treaty? Mr. Jefferson
supposed, even while he was negotiating the treaty,
that he was doing an act which transcended the pow-
ers of the constitution; and he had proposed, there-
fore, before this important movement was made, to
make an appeal to the people of the United States
for a grant of power confirming that act.
The act itself was confirmed by the Senate of the
United States, and afterwards confirmed by the peo-
ple of the United States in the course of a series of
years, who gave their deliberate acquiescence. Was
it constitutional, then, to annex Louisiana? to annex
Florida? Was it constitutional to annex Texas to
the United States by the treaty which was submit-
ted to the Senate at its last session? He believed
there were few, if any, constitutional objections
made. The general voice of the Senate was in fa-
vor of the power by treaty. If, then^ it be admitted
that the power to annex foreign territory by treaty
does appertain to the treaty-making power, it was
then to be maintained, and he should like to see up-
on what ground it could be done, that the Con-
gress of the United States possesses the concur-
rent legislative power upon this subject—if
that which it is competent for the treaty-waking
power to accomplish, a majority of a quorum of both
Houses of Congress could accomplish? Or, in other
words, that the treaty-making power which was
set apart for the purposes appropriated .to it by the
constitution, in reference to our foreign relations,
was a concurrent power of a majority of both
nouses of Congress. It would hardly be contend-
he imagined there was no gentleman who was
friendly to this bill, or who was of opinion that an-
nexation could take place upon an act of Congress,
who would dispute the treaty-making power to an-
nex foreign territory. The argument, he apprehend-
ed, would be this: that, as a constitutional mode
of proceeding, we do not deny that foreign territory
can be admitted into this Union by the treaty-ma-
king power. The piecedents are ccrtainly in its
favor. It is now too late to dispute it; but there is
another clause in the constitution which is entirely
free Irom all doubt and misconstruction—the clause
which gives Congress the power to admit new
States into the Union; and under that clause it is
competent for the Congress of the United States to
bring the State of Texas within the limits of the
American Union.
He proposed now to consider what was the char-
acter of that article, and upon what conditions it
rests. [Mr. Buchanan. That is the true ground.]
His friend from Pennsylvania said that was the
question; and to it he proposed to call his particu-
lar attention. The clause in the constitution upon
which this whole case rests was that to which he
now referred—"new States may be admitted by
Congress into this Union; but no new States shall
be formed or erected within the jurisdiction of any
other State; nor shall any junction be made without
the consent of the legislature of such State as well
as of the Congress." Now the first circumstance to
which he should call the attention of the Senate was
to the peculiar position which this clause of the
constitution occupied in that instrument. You do
not find it connected with the general powers of
Congress. You find it thrown into the 3d section
of the 4th article.
It was not placed in juxtaposition to the enume-
rated powers of Congress, but was found in the
third section of the fourth article, separate from the
enumerated powers of Congress. The first section
of the article related to the faith due to public acts;
the second to the enjoyment of equal privileges in
all the States; and this third section had reference to
the admission of new States; and the next gave to
Congress the regulation of everything relating to
public property, and bound it to guaranty to every
new State a republican form of government. All
the sections, as it would be seen at a glance, had
reference exclusively to our domestic relations.
The power of annexing foreign territory is not
found in the enumerated powers of the constitution.
The third section of the fourth article, in express
terms, says:
"New States may be admitted by the Congress into this
Union; but no new State shall be lormed or erected within
the jurisdiction of any other State, nor any State be lormed
by the junction of two or more States or parts of States,
without the consent of the legislature of the States con-
cerned, as well as of the Congress."
The whole of the fourth article shows that it ap-
plies to the domestic relations and limits of the con-
federation then provided for. The first section 3ays:
"1. Kuli faith and credit shall be given in each State to
the public acts, lecords, and judicial' proceedings of eveiy
other State. \nd the Congress may by general laws, pre-
scribe the manner in which such kcts, itcords, and pro-
ceedings, Uiall be proved, and the effect thereof."
"2. A person charged in any State with treason, folonj,
or other cume. who shall flee from justice, and be found in
another State, shall, cn demand of the executive authority
of the State from which he fled, be delivered up, to be re-
moved to the State having jurisdiction of the crime."
"3. No person held to service or labor m one State under
the laws thereof, escaping into anothei, slialj, in conse-
quence of any law or regulation therein, be discharged from
such service or labor, but shall be delivered up on claim of
the party to whom such service or labor may be due/'
Then comes the third section, the first clause of
which, in relation to the admission of new States, has
been above quoted. The second clause is—
"The Congress shall have power to dispose of, and make
all needful rules and regulations respecting the territory or
other property belonging the United States; and nothing in
this constitution shall be so construed as to prejudice any
claims of the United States or of any particular State.''
The fourth section is—
"1. The United States shall guaranty to every State in this
Union a republican form of government, and shall protect
each of them against invasion} and on appire.atiem of the le-
gislature, or of the executive when the legislature cannot
be convened, against domestic violence."
Now, there is nothing in any section of this arti-
cle of the constitution, that does not apply exclu-
sively to our domestic relations. And yet, of all the
articles in the constitution, and of all the enumerated
powers of that instrument, it is only upon the third
section of this fourth article, that reliance is placed
for the authority of Congress to annex a foreign ter-
ritory to this Union. It declares that new States
may be admitted by Congress into this Union, But
he should be allowed to call the attention of the Sen-
ate to the condition of the United States at the time
this constitution was adopted. The ordinance of
1787 had passed, authorizing the addition of five
more States. That ordinance constituted, virtually,
a compact with the people of the West. Besides
these, there were left tractions of territory extending
from their boundary lines, not included iu their lim-
its; but there was not one of these fractions of terri-
tory that did not belong to us. There were States
that had not entered"into the Union. Rhode Island
was one. Vermont was knocking at the door. New
York, considering her within her own territory, was
presenting some difficulties which had first to be re-
moved; and some obstacles, for u time, withheld
New Hampshire, which was advancing claims to h
portion of her territory. For the express purpose
of removing the difficulty in relation to Vermont, a
modification of the third section of the fourth article
of the convention, as originally drawn up in the con-
vention, was made.
Mr. Governeur Morris had introduced the scction,
which section was, that "no new State shall be form-
ed or erected within the limits of any other State,
iKrc." But on subsequent motion, the word limits
was left out, and the word jurisdiction substituted.
It was supposed—-Mr. Madison says, in his reports
of the proceedings in convention—that the word
limils was inappropriate to the object in view; be-
cause Vermont, being within the limits of New
York, cldou not, with that lestriction, come into the
Union. Besides, there were then speculations afloat
as to the probable admission of Kentucky also, for
Virginia had passed a law authorising lior to form a
constitution for herself with that view. He came
now to the proposition that this clause was so \ ery
plain as to leave no doubt about the power of Con-
gress, without a resort to the treaty-making power,
to admit Texas. The friends of the joint resolution
insisted that it was literally in conformity with the
words of the constitution, and asked whether his
State rights friends would take this position? Would
they maintain that this clause was so exceedingly
plain that it must be interpreted us throwing open
the doors of this Union to all the world. He main-
tained that the federal constitution was intended lo
apply to the then existing people of the United
States and to their posterity; that the preamble to
the constitution expressly declared it; and if this
were admitted, could gentlemen succeed in giving it
an extra-territorial operation? He called for the
evidence of their power. He held Unit the clause
could rightfully have no other than a domestic ap-
plication—it was intended to operate inhuleirilurium
only. Had the word "State:;'' meant otherwise,
would not the word "foreign" have been made to
precede it? Nor was this his opinion alone: it was
the opinion of him who, by general conscnt, had
received the title of "the Apostle of Democracy."
This opinion was explicitly avowed by him in his
letter to Mr. Lincoln, his Attorney General, of 30th
August, 1803, suggesting amendments to the con-
stitution. He said:
"Louisiana, as ceded by }• ranee to llio I. inted States, is
■tnadco part oj the United Sh/tex. Its white inhnbitunU shall
be citizens, and stand, asiotheiv rights and on
the same footing \v ith other citueuh of the I'nitod states in
analogous situations
"Florida, abo, whensoever it may be t ightfnlly obtained,
shall became apart ot the I'mted Vtut'-s; n\ n lute inhabit-
ants shall thereupon be eili/ens, and shall to their
rights aiul obligations, on the si.me footji'g with oilier cm-
xens of the United States in analogous Mtintions "—4 Jctj
Cor. 1. -2.
"I (joute tluH (he adds) for voiu consideration, observing
that the less that said obout the constitutional difficulty
the better, and that it will be desirable ioi Congress to do
what is necessary in siU)ice."~ti>.
Mr. Jefferson's idea was that Louisiana should be
"made a part" of the United States. He did not
propose any general grant of power to admit foreign
States. All he asked was a mere affirmation ay
the people of the act admitting Louisiana into the
Union.
