CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
Gentlemen contended that here was a plain clause
in the constitution, the very letter of which sanction-
ed the resolution from the House of Representatives;
but he said that they must either show a clause ex-
pressly authorizing the admission of foreign States,
or resort to the very broadest and most latituduious
construction. Let gentlemen look, again, at Mr.
Jefferson's letter to Mr. Nicholas in 1603:
'•Whenever Congress shall think it necessary to do,
should be done with as little debate as possible, and partic-
ularly so far as respects the constitutional difficulty."
Mr. .Nicholas thought it constitutional to admit
Louisiana under the clause now relied on, and he
wrote to Mr. Jefferson stating and defending that
position, and insisting that the territory could be ad-
mitted by a law of Congress, by virtue of the clause
giving authority to admit new States. But how did
Mr. Jefferson meet this endeavor to remove his con-
stitutional scruples?
"I am aware of tkafoicc of the obseivations you make on
Ihc power gu'tn by the (ovstit'itian to (loNtMtpm to admit new
States into the Lnion without leitrainiug the subject to the
territory then constituting the United States. .But, when ]
consider that the limits ol' the United States arc precisely
fixed by the treaty of 178;*—that the constitution ex-
pressly declaies itielt to be made for the t'mted States-
1 cannot help believing the intention was> not to permit
Congress to admit into the Union new States which should
not be formed out of the terntory lor which, and tinder
whose authority alone, they were then acting, i do not be-
lieve it was meant that that they might leceivo Kngland,
Ireland, Holland, &c , into it, which would be the case on
jour construction.
" When an instrument admits of two rons.tiuctioTH, the one
safe, the other dangerous, the one precise, tlm other indefi-
nite, I prefer that which is sale and pn-cjse. 1 had lather
ask an enlaigement of power from the nation —j Mr. Jef-
ferson did not propone to give a j>uteu/l powei m hi- 
amendments] - where it i-< found necessai> , than lo assume
it by a construction which would m.u:k oni r « hoi mv
l.i-si. Ourpecuhai sec.mit\ i* in the possession of a wiit-
ten constitution. Let u«. not make it blank pupei
s() iK'turn."
Here Mr. Jefferson expressly declared that such
a construction as was now advocated (and to this
Mr. M. would call the particular attention of the
gentleman from Pennsylvania, Mr. Buchanan,)
"would make the powers of Congress boundless."
How?—how would it make the power of Congress
boundless, when this clause, as the gentleman con-
tended, gave the power to Congress in express
terms, without the application of any construc-
tion at all? If Mr. Jefferson thought it so
clear and so obvious, how would such a con-
struction as warranted the reception of Lou-
isiana make the power of Congress boundless?
No; it was not thus clear his to vision; lie
thought that foreign territory could come in un-
der this clause only by so very wide and loose a
construction its went to muke the poweis of Con-
gress absolutely boundless. And why so? Because
the constitution was made for the people and tor ibe
teintory of the United States alone; because he
thought that it never intended to provide for the ad-
mission of a people of different origin, different asso-
ciations, different blood, different habits, principles,
anil forms of government. If Congress could do
this, Mr. Jefferson held that it could do anything.
"1 confess, then, (lie continues.) 1 think it impoitant in
the present eas>e to set an example against tuomi const) ui-
f>ont by appealing for new poueito the people. It, liou-
fver, our friends j-liaU think di(leicnti> , certainly 1 slmll ac-
quiesce with satisfaction, conliding that tile good sense ol
our country will correct the evil of construction when it
shall produce ill effects.'' -- 4 .A//. Cor. 'J, ;>.
He considered the effect of such a construction to
be to make the constitution mere blank paper, lie
was every few lines reverting to the topic of con-
struction—"still harping on my daughter." But, if
the gentleman from Pennsylvania was ri^ht, there
was nothing in the clausc to construe The consti-
tution said that Congress might admit new States
into the Union; Texas was a new State; ergo, Con-
gress might admit Texas into the Union. It was a
simple syllogism. But not so thought the great
"Coryphceus" of the democracy (to use an appella-
tion which he himself was fond to use) who led the
democratic party to victory in 1801. He held that
this, instead of being a plain syllogism, which none
could doubt or deny, was a construction—a broad
construction—a dangerous construction—such a
constitution as would make the powers ofCongiess
"boundless."
In those days, when "the democracy" had so
signally triumphed, he really did not know whether
he had any right to claim to be of that school; but
he had always himself supposed that he had been
educated in the Jefferson school; certainly he was
opposed to a latitudinous construction of the consti-
tution. He had always been in the habit of allow-
ing great force to the opinions of Mr. Jefferson.
True, Mr. Jefferson'was not a member of the con-
vention of 1787, (nor was Mr. Nicholas;) he was
then minister to France; but he took the liveliest in-
terest in the whole procedure in the formation of the
constitution. This clause in the constitution for the
admission of new States was familiar to him as it is
now to us; it was doubtless perfectly understood by
him, for he had the deserved character of being an
orthodox and able expounder of the instrument.
Besides, he had Mr. Madison at his side in the cab-
inet. And of there was anything which evinced his
profound conviction that this clause did not cover,
the admission of Louisiana, it was his very signifi-
cant request that the matter might be got through
with as silently as possible. He thought that the
vast importance of the acquisition warranted a tem-
porary stretching of the constitution; but this consti-
tutional sin must have an act of amnesty passed by
the people to cover it over:
E.ihact oj a Utlvrjrom Mr Jrfft-n.on to Mi. ttreckenridze.
'■Mom lecj.i o, An^ I'.!, ]s03.
"The constitution has made 110 provision jar our IwUinti
Jt>n-i%n tmitoiy, si>11 Ins Jor incoiporatw^ Jon'i^n nations
into out Umtm. Tin; executive, iu .seizing the fugitive oc-
currence which so much advances the good ol the country ,
hart iloltp an aft bri/oml thr rotiblit'ilion. The legislature, in
casting behind them metaphy steal subtleties and risking"
themselves hke faithiut ^eivants, must ratify and pa) loi it
and throw themselves on their eountiy tor doing lor them
uuauthoir/od what we know they would have done for
thoni.selvcs had they boon in .1 situation to do it.'" -J'jU'r-
,ion\ Wfi/iiinil. :i, jj .'11-1 ■ {
■ i Let gentlemen pursue their doctrine to its conse-
quences. If Congress could annex Texas. it could
annex any other foreign territory. They weie
ventuungon dangerous ground, and it trembled be-
neath their feet. If Texas?, why not Cuba, if she
came demanding admission with the assent of the
Spanish Government?
/[Mr. Buchanan. I wish she would.]
The gentleman said lie wished she would. Yes,
and while annexing Texas and admitting Cuba by
way of strengthening the interests of slavery, what
weie gentlemen doing in another direction? There
was St. Domingo not far off. If we annexed Texas
and Cuba, and thus set precedent after precedent till
practice had become a part of the constitution, by
and by Haylt would be applying in her turn. The
South would be very indignant, and would oppose
the admission; but would it be constitutional to ad-
mit her? To admit her by law? Congress may ad-
mit new States; Flayti is a new State; ergo Con-
gress may admit Hayti. liow did this syllogism
Older with the other? If foreign States could be ad-
mitted by treaty only, then to admit St. Domingo
would require a vote, of two-lbirds of the Senate; but
if it could be done by law alone, then a fanatical ma-
jority might, al any time they chanced to got even
a temporary ascendency, admit Ilayti—and she was
iu—and liow would they get her out? Then there
was another foreign colony—the colony of Liberia.
This was formed out of emancipated slaves of the
United States and their offspring. A similar appli-
cation might come next from Liberia, and how was
the South to prevent it' This would introduce into
the Senate men of a different, color and of a different
race; but what then' Would it not be constitution-
al? Would northern gentlemen hear of rejecting
people merely on account of eoloi' If we could ad-
mit white foreigners, could we not admit' black for-
eigners' But perhaps the doctrine of strict con-
struction would awake from its slumbers; and
though two applicants weie equally foreign and
equally independent, yet a strict construction would
lie applied to one while the widest and broadest
construction was applied to the other.
He might be told that these were extreme cases.
So they were; and he should not have introduced
them but for the sake of illustration; and they did
illustrate the principle contended for, and sliowed
plainly the extremity of the proposition contained
m the resolution from the House. If Cuba and
IJayii and Liberia weie received, we might soon
have mi application from China. We liacl had
lately a brilliant mission to China, and had become
acquainted with many things before unknown
touching the Celeitial Empire—the land of flow-
ers: very possibly we might become capti-
vated by the beauty of their long tails and
slanting eyes, and wish to have among us their
ladies with little feet, (turning to Mr. Bu-
chanan.) [A laugh.] The annexation of an em-
pire so large as China would, perhaps, go pretty
far toward gratifying our appetite for acquisition of
foreign territory. We might then go south on our
own continent—annex Mexico, (this was already
threatened,) and annex Bogota, and Bolivia, and
Peru, and Chili, till at length we took in Patagonia.
We were told , by geographers that the people, of
Patagonia were cannibals, or, in other words, man-
eaters. Very well; if they were, it might probably
exert a conservative influence on the public coun-
cils; and the annunciation from the Chair of "the
senator from Patagonia," might well cause gentle-
men to be extremely orderly. [A laugh.] China—
only think of it!—the ultima Untie of the East!
What a temptation ! to have her in this Union !
what a privilege! The glorious privilege of our
constitution, that we could take in the world ! Mr.
Jefferson said the power would be boundless; so it
would; it was a glorious, unlimited, illimitable
power to diffuse the blessings of our .own free gov-
ernment over the habitable globe.
But, no; if the men of the good old thirteen—God
bless them!—had dreamed that anything like this
was to be the consequence of their act in forming a
constitution, and that amid such a mob of added
nations their little States were to be reduccd to the
comparative size of a nutshell, they might well
have trembled as they signed.
There was another argument which applied to
this subject. At the time the constitution was
formed there were those who believed that the thir-
teen original States were quite too large for a general
system of government; and so strenuously had the
objection been urged that Mr. Madison deemed it
necessary to devote an entire number of the Feder-
alist to its refutation. He denied the position, and
such were his views:
"As the natural limit oi' a demoeiacy is that di&tance
from the centrafpomt which will just peimit the most re-
mote citizens to assemble as often as their public functions
demand, and will includo 110 greater number than can join
iu those functions, so the natural limit of a republic is that
distance from the centre which will barely allow the repre-
sentatives of the people to meet so olten as ma; be necessary
for the administration of public dltans."
He then went on to estimate the erea of the United
States, and argued to show that a Congress to gov-
ern it was us practicable a thing as a Diet 111 Ger-
many, the assembly of Notables in France, or as
the Parliament in England. He then proceeds:
"A second observation to be made is, that ihe immediate
object of the iederal constitution is to secme the Union of
the tliiiteenpinnitive States, which we know to be piacti-
eatdejand to add to them such other States as mav ari&e in
theii own bosoms, or m their neighborhoods, which we
cannot doubt to be equally practicable. The arrangement
that may be neccssary lor those angles and fractions of our
territory which lie on our northweste.n fiontier, must tie
lett lo those whom further discovenes and experience will
lender more equal to the task." ,
"In their neighborhoods." Yes; and it had been
said that because Texas was ill our "neighborhood"
we might admit her by a bare majority. Gentle-
men contended that Mr. Madison, by thisexpression,
intended to designate such neighbors as Louisiana,
Canada, Mexico, and Texas. This Mr. M. thought
could hardly be his meaning, because in the very
next sentence he talked about "angles" _ and "frac-
tions" of territory. He then wished to'find an ar-
gument to prove that the clause about the idniission
ot new States looked to States formed within our
own national limits, and had icfercnce only to our
own domestic institutions, this language of Mr.
Madison would furnish one. He knew there were
new States then about to arise in the West; we had
five Territories, besides other corners'and fractions of
Territory, and to these he doubtless referred.
There was another view, into which, however, he
had not now time to enter at large. It was argued
that we must admit Texas m order to keep up an
equilibrium among the States. But the whole con-
federacy was of voluntary consent. Eleven States
had ratified it: North Carolina and Rhode Island
still held out. They afterwards came iu, not by
process of law, but by simply accepting and ratify-
ing the constitution. The only law m the case was
the law extending the laws and jurisdiction of the
United Statesover them. When the refusing States
had all come in, the union of the thirteen States was
completed by unanimous consent. Louisiana and
Florida were afterwards introduced by the treaty-
making power. They assented to the terms of
union, not thereby supposing u;c> foreign States
were to be introduced to come in and disturb the
equilibrium of the eonfcdeiacy. iMr. M. uid not
call it "a partnership"—he preferred to denominate
it an association of sovereign States. The new
States came into it in view of the existing balance
of power. If that balance was to be utterly over-
thrown by bringing in Texas and all South Ameri-
ca, and then all the rest of the globe—for the princi-
ple was one and the same—great difficulty mHu at-
