 WU1SH-
282
CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE
tend the question as to what position the original
States would occupy. For himself he was fully
satisfied with the territory we already possessed.
In the name of common sense, had not gentlemen
got enough? Could any gentleman tell him—would
nis friend, the chairman of the Committee on Pub-
lic Lands, [Mr. W.oodbridge,]—how many mil-
lions of acres of public lands the United States now
had within their bounds? It had been already
threatened that, after we added Texas, Mexico
would come next. And so we were to advance till,
at last, the astonished world was to behold "an
ocean-bound republic!" When that result should
have been realized, (and certain gentlemen seemed
to think it not very far ahead,) our government
would not be the same government formed by our
ancestors. Was it not better te "let very well
alone?" We had heard of "extending the bounda-
ries of freedom." Such was not the policy of our
revolutionary fathers. Their object, so far as the
action of this upon other governments was concern-
ed, had been, instead of swallowing up surrounding
States, that it should act on them by the force of ex-
ample, and thus teach them to be free and happy.
Mr. M. was satisfied with the government we had.
Why alter it> Even if it were constitutional, why
fill the community with heart-burnings? If our glo-
rious experiment had realized our expectations, why
attempt to make it better? Was not the experience
we already had sufficient to guide us? Let us look
back upon our past history.
Go back with me, sir, to that time when, in the
. midst of everything dark and discouraging, the free-
dom which we now enjoy was born amidst the fierce
strife of unequal arms. Pursue its trials to that
other period, almost as gloomy, when our constitu-
tion itself was brought forth among the throes of
fast-approaching civil strife and confusion. From
these times of agonizing hopes and fears pass to that
subsequent career of a national success and happi-
ness the most rapid and noble that were ever yet
seen to arise under the influence of the forms of any
human government, and let us inquire whether
there can be any better guide for the future than the
past, and whether true wisdom and patriotism do
not consist in avoiding new systems of dpubtfid pol-
icy, new theories of propagating our institutions,
and new versions of the constitution?
When the federal convention met at Philadelphia
in 1787, to remodel the form of government then ex-
isting, it was composed of delegates from the origi-
nal thirteen States. Destitute of resources, with a
limited commerce, enfeebled and almost extinguish-
ed by the war, they numbered a population of no
more than three millions and a half of souls. Un-
der the auspices of a sound government, wisely ad-
ministered, what a transformation was exhibited in
the lapse of a few years! The nations of the earth
looked with wonder on the unexampled progress of
our institutions. Nursed in the lap of the magnifi-
cent and boundless wilderness of the New World, a
free and mighty nation had as suddenly sprung up
as if the voice of Omnipotence had spoken it into
existence. Transcending immeasurably all the rules
by which the progress of nations is estimated, ex-
ceeding the anticipations of the most sanguine friends
of free government everywhere, it might almost
be said that there was scarce a moment of time
between the infancy and maturity of our repub-
lic We read in the fabulous history of antiquity
that the daughter of Jupiter sprung full-grown,
from the brain of her ancestor. Scarcely less extra-
ordinary were the birth and maturity of the United
States. No sooner was the constitution formed,
and with her first breath of national existence,
the goddess of American liberty (if I may be par-
doned the figure) threw herself at one bound into the
arena of the nations, with all her gigantic energies
strung for the race of national greatness and glory.
Bom free—free as the breezes that play on the sum-
mits of her native mountains—yet freedom was not
her only title to the respect and admiration of man-
kind. She was brave and strong as well as free.
In the day of her beautiful and smiling infancy, she
seized with the grasp of Hercules, the throat of
the serpent that had entered her cradle to devoui
her and dashed the strangled monster indignantly
from her. But she was wise as well as strong.
She received her lessons of political wisdom and of
nationalPolicy from sages and from statesmen than
roma&[s°of the world furnish> nc, brighter
nor more illustrious examples. One ot those ies
sons—early inculcated, deeply and strongly im-
pressed was to revere the constitution; to preserve
Fts landmarks unimpaired; to guard it with more
than vestal vigilance from violence or perversion;
and, especially, that those "who are intrusted with
the administration of the government should con-
fine themselves within their respective constitution-
al spheres, avoiding, in the exercise of the powers
of one department, to encroach upon another."
Another was, "to observe justice and good faith
toward all nations, and to cultivate peace and har-
mony with all." And a third was intended to guard
us against the danger "of characterizing parties by
geographical discriminations—northern and south-
ern—atlantic and southern—whence designing men
may endeavor to excite a belief that there is a real
difference of local interests and views."
If, by the observance of the maxims which these
lessons inculcate, we have attained our present en-
viable and commanding position among the nations
of the earth, may it not be hoped that a persever-
ance in the same policy may he attended by the
same results'
But there was still another and no less impres-
sive lesson. It was to take care of the Union.
"To cherish a cordial, habitual, and immovable attach-
ment to it; to accustom ourselves to think and speak of it
as the palladium of our political safety and prosperity; to
watch its preservation with jealous anxiety; to discounte-
nance whatever may suggest even a suspicion that it can,
in auy event, be abandoned; and to frown ou the first dhwii-
Miff of every attempt to alienate any portion of our country
from the rest, and enfeeble the sacred tics that now link to*
gethertke various parts."
Sir, (said Mr. M.,) these admonitions of the ven-
erated Father of his Country, I lament t<5 have to
to say, are not entirely inapplicable to Uvc discussion
of the great question now before the Senate. ^ I fear
that events arc rapidly tending to make parties take
the character of geographical distinctions. 1 deeply
apprehend that the violence of the conflict of opinion
and of interest, to which the agitation of this ques-
tioir may give rise, may "alienate portions of out
country from the rest, and enfeeble the ties that bind
the people of this Union together." I will not say—
1 scarcely dare say—in this distinguished assembly
of representatives of sovereign States, that the Union
itself will be endangered. 1 would rather say, m the
spirit of a generous patriotism, "Proctti, procul, tUc
The Union, Mr. President, the Union! Who docs
not know how much is wrapped up in the compre-
hensive import of that single term? It comprises all
that is dear to us in the memory of our ancestors;
all that is illustrious in the history of their deeds;
all our hopes, and all our interests, and all our pros-
peets, and the hopes and the interests' of generates
to come. Higher obligations are imposed on us to
preserve it than ever before devolved on any people
under the sun. On us—oil us—on the Senate of the
United States, the peculiar repiesentatives of the
States of the Union, devolves the heaviest of all
responsibility. I say nothing of the benefits we
have already derived from it; I say nothing of the
blessings still in store for us; but the consequences—
the consequences! Who can look forward to the
consequences of separation and disunion, unawed
by the thought' Now, while I address you, we
are one people; free, happy, prosperous, and inde-
pendent. Now, while 1 address you, a common liga-
ment binds us together; a constitution which throws
its broad and ample arms around six and twenty
confederate sister republics, and encloses them ail
together in one fond, parental embrace. Now,
while I address you, we have it fully in our power
to consummate the objects of that sublime errand ot
humanity and freedom on which, we have hoped,
the people of the United States have been sent. Bu
when that awful event to which 1 have referred shall
come, (which may God in his infinite mercy avert)
after that agonizing dislocation of the members of
this confederacy which no human power- can re-
store—after the overshadowing of the bnghtest
prospects that ever beamed upon a people associated
for political ends,—what, I ask you, what is to be-
fall us' Here is our country, with its twenty mil-
lions of people, with its free constitution, teeming
with the blessings of liberty and law.
there if the event 1 have alluded to should happen
therewill be our country, shorn of its constitution
shattered into fragments—bereft of its strength its
peace destroyed—its fields depopu ated and <drench-
ed it may be, with fraternal blood. Look on this
picture and on this;" and let the American patriot
contemplate it if he can. I turn with pleasure from
so gloomy * picture of the possible future condition
of my country. It is my fortune to cherish higher
and better hopes. The maintenance of the national
independence is a cause common and deal to the
heart of every descendant from the blood of the rev-
olution. To the people of these States, and to this
illustrious body in the last resort, as the great con-
stitutional safeguard of the Union, are confided the
high trust, never before so fully and. unreservedly
committed to men, of preserving the liberties of the
human race. Here in this hall the last battle is to
be fought. On this continent of Anglo-Saxon
America the last experiment is to. be tested of the
capacity of man to govern himself. The free States
of antiquity live only in the records of human events.
The descendants of Epaminondas, of Miltiades, of
Leonidas,
"Wield the slavish sicklo, not the sword."
Rome, after corrupting the purity of hor primitive
institutions, became ambitious, next omnipotent,
then luxurious, and at last perished under the
weight of her provincial acquisitions.
"Sievior armis,
Luxuria inculmit, victumquc ulcisitur orbem."
Sir, (said Mr. M.) if it be true that history is philo-
sophy teaching by example, the people of the United
States will vindicate their wisdom by reading aright
the lessons to be derived from the fate of all other
republics. For myself, I have full confidence that
they will. I am one of those who think that the
federal constitution is still strong in the affections of
the people who made it. But I do not believe that
by the tios of interest alone it can be cemented and
held together. No; but by the strength of far higher
and holier ties—by those of a common ancestry and
a kindred blood; by the inspiring reminiscences of
heroic sacrifices in the one great cause of freedom
and independence; by enlarged considerations of na-
tional policy, as distinguished from the policy of par-
ticular States; by a magnanimous forbearance of im-
puted wrongs; by a generous spirit of mutual con-
cession and compromise; by an elevated patriotism,
which regards the good of the greater number; and,
lastly, and above all, by an unshaken devotion to
the constitution.
These are the enduring bonds of the Amcncan
Union, and they alone can preserve it.
Mr. BUCHANAN obtained the floor, and on his
motion—
The Senate adjourned.
HOUSE OF REPRESENT AT IVES.
Thursday, February 13, 1845.
The journal having been read,
IOWA AND FLORIDA.
Mr. JOHN W. DAVIS submitted a resolution
that all debate in Committee of the Whole on the
bill providing for the admission of Florida and Iowa
into the Union be suspended in two hours after the
same shall have been taken up m Committee of the
Whole. Mr. D. called for the previous question on
this resolution, ,
Mr. ADAMS moved to lay it on the table, and
called for the yeas and nays; which were ordered.
FA message was received from the Senate stating
that they had concurred in the joint resolution foi
the appointment of a joint committee to wait on
James IC. Polk, the President elect, and George M.
Dallas, the Vice President elect, and inform them ot
their election to serve for lour years after the 4th of
March next; and that the Senate had appointed the
Hon. R. J- Walker, of Mississippi, the committee
on their part. The Speaker then appointed the
Hon. Edmund Burke, of New Hampshire, and the
Hon. Linn Boyd, of Kentucky, the committee on
the part of the House.]
Mr. g. w. JONES moved a call of the House:
Vhe question was then taken, und decided in the
affirmative—yeas 50; nays 94.
The previous question was then seconded by the
House, and under the operation the resolution was
^Mi\ HAMMETT desired to present a memorial
from Vicksburg for the reduction of postage, in or-
der that it might be referred to the Committee of the
Whole on the state of the Union.
rCries of "present it under the rule."]
The SPEAKER said it could only be received by
general consent.
Objections were made; and therefore it was not re-
ceived. . .
Mr. HENLEY obtained permission to present
some reports from the Committee on Patents; and
they were laid on the table and ordered to he
prmtsd.
ADMISSION OF FLORIDA AND IOWA.
On the motion of Mr, PETTIT, the House re-
