Congressional gloM.
jEf-v
2g§
preme Court, and the same construction that would
be given by the people of Missouri. What was it?
Why, that nothing in the constitution of Missouri
should be construed as depriving the citizens of other
Slates of an equal participation in the rights of citi-
zens of Missouri 4
He said the gentleman went further than Con-
gress had ever gone before; and, in illustration, he
referred to the proceedings on the admission of Ar-
kansas into the Union, and the conduct of the gen-
tleman from Massachusetts [Mr. Adams] thereon.
Then the identical movement was made that had
now been made in reference to Florida. He said
he was sorry to be compelled t© conclude that there
were gentlemen on that floor, who, according to his
understanding, were willing to violate the constitu-
tion of the United States, the solemn obligations of
treaties, and the oaths which they had taken for the
gratification of a wild spirit of fanaticism. To such
gentlemen he did not address himself} for any thing
he could say to them would be words thrown to
the winds. He addressed himself only to such as
those who desired rightly to discharge their duties,
and to pay a due regard to the obligations which
they owed to the people. He then proceeded to
show, first, the identity of the attempt now made
with that made when Arkansas came into the
Union; which, however, met with but little favor
then, notwithstanding the ability with which it was
adveeated, for it received but 32 votes in its favor,
while 98 voted against it. The honorable gentle-
man here read various extracts to support the posi-
tions he assumed, and commented on them as he
proceeded. He then quoted the treaty by wlueli
Florida was acquired, to show that they had
the right to ask to be admitted into the Union
with all the nghts, pii\Urges, and immunities of
uther States.
Mr. ADAMS remarked; yrn, according to tin-
principles of the constitution of the United States.
Mr. LKVY admitted that they must come
in according to the principles of the constitu-
tion of the United States, because it would not
be in the power of this government to o\erride
the constitution. He knew they could not be ad-
mitted but in accordance with the principles of the
constitution; hut what were those principles? Per-
fect equality amongst the States was recognised in
all of them; and if Florida eomes into the Union,
she must come in with her sovereignty unnhorn of
any of its attributes. Did not the gentleman from
Massachusetts know, learned as lie is in all the his-
torical and political lore of the country, that this
very question of equality was one of the very ques-
tions which agitated and divided the counsels of
the convention which formed the constitution of the
Uniten States? In that convention it was proposed
that the new States to be formed out of the western
territory should come in with conditions to be pre-
scribed by the. Atlantic States, which were in dread
of the growing power of the West. That ques-
tion was debated in the convention, and afterwards
H was decided that all new States should come, in
on terms of equality. The honorable, gentleman
read extracts from the debates in the convention
at that time on the subject to which he referred.
He proceeded, after some other observations, to
that point which he deemed alone pending—admis-
sion or rejection; and ho icirmrfcctl that it was a na-
ked substantive power, which each gentleman
would exercise on his own responsibility, and under
(hp moral obligations which attached to him. He
characterized the attempt to impose conditions as a
manifestation of the old spirit, which would have
made these confederated States stand in the relation
to each other of master and subject. All, he con-
tended, that could be here required was, that Flori-
da should have a republican constitution and a re-
publican form ofgovcrnment, Andwhatwnsarepub-
iican fonn of ^oveinmcnt? In reply to this question
hf quoted (roru the works of Webster the lexicog-
rapher, from the Federalist, and other works of' au-
thority. All, he s.ud, that was hern required to con-
stitute their government republican, was that it
should emanate from the people.
He commented at great length on this branch of
the subject, and on the attempt to interfere with the
domestic institutions of Florida. What, he asked,
did their constitution provide? Did it provide that
the citizens of free States should not come there to
settle? No; but that persons that were dangerous
as elements in their society, should not come to re-
main among them, nor be discharged from vessels.
And he asked if they should be compelled to receive
into their bosom those who would destroy their
peace? Why, this very provision of their constitu-
tion had been rendered necessary by the very acts
and doings of the fanatics of the North. He had in
his possession an address—to whom? To the slaves
of the South. And issued by whom? By northern
men. In this address they were informed that
those who could not read would have it read to
them by those who could. The honorable gentle-
man commented on this attempt to incite their slaves
to insurrection at considerable length. He then
commented on the speech of the gentleman from
New York, [Mr. W. Hunt,] in which tnatgentleman
objected to the admission of Florida on the ground'
that she had not the requisite population. To this
the gentleman from Florida replied, and in his re-
ply showed the disastrous effect upon them of the
savage war in which they were so long engaged.
He said now, however, that they could dwell in
peace and security, their population was rapidly in-
creasing. He also noticed some remarks made by
the gentleman from Ohio, [Mr. Vinton,] on the
subject of a balance of power between certain sec-
tions of this Union.
Mr. R. SMITH submitted the following amend-
ment to the amendment of Mr. Morse:
Provided, That whenever it shall appear that the govern-
ment have received from the sales of the lands within the
prescribed limits ot' the States of Iowa and Florida the
amount of the original cost (or probable cost) of the said
Kinds, together with the expenses of surveying and selling
the same, then all such unsold lands fha 1*1 be, ami hereby
are, declared to belong; to the said States of Iowa and Florida,
to be managed and disposed of as the legislatures thereof
shall deem just and proper.
On taking the question, this amendment was re-
jected.
The question recurring on Mr. Monsn^ amend-
ment,
Mr. F,. J. BLACTv offered an amendment providing
that Iowa Nlmll not be admitted into the Union until
a convention of that State shall icport the clause of
her constitution prohibiting slavery; whereupon the
President shall, ny proclamation, announce the ad-
mission of said State info the Union on an equal
footing with the other States. Mr. K. said, that
although he would vote to tack that amendment to
the amendment, he would not vote for the amend-
ment even if amended.
On taking the question, this amendment was also
rejected.
The question was then taken on Mr. Morse's
amendment bv telhis, and it was rejected, ayes
70, noes 87.
Mr. P. KING offered an amendment to strike out
all after the enacting clause, and insert a substitute,
which provided for the admission of Iowa, but left
out Florida. Me said his object was to separate the
two propositions, and take the question on Iowa
and Florida separately.
Mr. A. V. BROWN raised the question of order.
It was not in order to Mi ike out and insert the same
matter, and the amendment contained matter which
which was already in the bill, as, for instance, the
clause relating to boundary.
Mr. LEVY said the objpct appeared to be to let
in lown, and exclude Florida,
Mr. DROMGOOLE would inquire of the gentle-
man from New York, [Mr. King,] as lie stated his
object to he to separate the two propositions, if he
was willing to let the question be taken on Florida
fust.
Mr. P. KING'S reply was not heard.
Mr. JAMESON said that as thi.s amendment pro-
posed to strike out all after the enacting clause, and
admitted Iowa, he wished to know what was to be-
come of Florida.
Mr. SAUNDERS inquired of the gentleman if
he had another amendment prepared m relation to
Florida.
Mr. P. KING said that that he had not. Tie had
not had tune to prepare if.
Air. DROMGOOLE said the proposition then was
to admit Iowa, and excludc Florida.
The question was then taken by Idler* on the
amendment of Mr. P. King, and dccided in the neg-
ative—ayes 57, noes 89.
Mr. URINKKRHOOF inquired whether any
provisioned been made in the bill, as amended, for
the concurrent jurisdiction of Iowa over the waters
which separated her from the adjoining States.
This was in the original bill, and he would submit to
the committee that it was highly important that it
should be included.
Mr. LEVY said that there was a supplemental
bill, which would embrace that object.
Mr. MORSE submitted the following amendment;
which was copied from the bill admitting Missouri
into the Union.
Provided, however, That Florida shall be admitted into
this Union on an equal footing with the original States in all
respects whatever, upon the fundamental condition that the
third clause of the 16th article of the constitution {submitted
on the part of said Territory to Congress shall never be con-
strued to authorize the passage of any law, and that no law
shall be passed in conformity thereto, by which any citizen
of either of the States of this Union shall be excluded from
the enjoyment of any of the privileges and immunities to
which such citizen is entitled under the constitution of the
United States : Provided further. That the legislature of the
said Territory, by a solemn public act, shall declare the as-
sent of the said Territory to the said fundamental condition,
and shall transmit to the President of the United States, with-
in forty days after the close of the next session of the legis-
lature of said Territory, an authenthic copy of the said act;
upon the receipt whereof the President, by proclamation,
shall announce the fact; whereupon, and without any fur-
ther proceeding on the part of Congress, the admission of
the said State into this Union shall be considered as com
plete.
Mr. LEVY desired the Clerk to read the act of the
Missouri legislature responding to this condition in
the act of Congress admitting her into the XJn,ion.
Mr. HUDSON and others objected ; when
Mr. BAYLY submitted it as an amendment to
the amendment; and, after it was read, withdrew it.
The question was then taken on Mr. Morse's
amendment, and it was decided in the negative, a-yes
48, noes 75.
Mr. J. P. KENNEDY offered the following
amendment:
Add at the last section, in relation to Iowa, the
following proviso:
Pt of idcil, That the ordinance of the convention which
rnnde the constitution of Iowa, and which is appended to
said constitution, shall be deemed and taken to be of no ef-
fect or validity, or m any manner be recognised as obliga*
tory upon the government of the United States.
Mr. A. V. BROWN begged leave to explain that
this was a proposition of Iowa to the government of
the United States, and to which the Committee on
Territories had given no response. They were pre-
paring a supplemental bill to embrace this and other
cases.
Mr. DUNCAN offered an amendment to correct
a mistake in one of the amendments oflast night in
relation to the boundary of Iowa; which was
agreed to.
Mr. CARROLL offered an amendment providing
that the President shall cause an enumeration to be
made of the inhabitants of Iowa and Florida; and
that if it was found that either of said Territories had
not a population equal to the present ratio of
representation in the House of Representatives, it
should not be admitted into the Union till the inhab-
itants of said Territory should be equal to that num-
ber.
This amendment was rejected without a di-
vision.
On motion of Mr. A. Y. BROWN, the commit-
tee rose and reported the bill to the House; when
Mr. C. JOHNSON moved the previous ques-
tion; which was seconded, and the main question
ordered.
The main question was first put on the first
amendment in relation to the boundaries of Iowa.
The amendments made in Committee of the
Whole were severally concurred in; and an amend-
ment offered in committee by Mr. John P. Kenne-
dy, was, at the solicitation of Mr. A. V. BROWN,
received with unanimous assent.
After some conversation in relation to the proviso
to allow Florida, under certain circumstances, here-
after to erect another State, to be called East Flori-
da, which was stricken out by the Committee of the
Whole, the question recurred on concurring with
the committee in striking out that proviso.
Mr. DICKEY called for the yeas and nays
thereon; and being ordered, they were taken, and
resulted thus—yeas 123, nays 77:
YI'.AS—Messrs. Abbot, Adams, Baker, Barnard, Bidhsck,
Jamet, Black. Brengle, lirmkerhoff, Brodhead, Jeremiah
Brown, Burlington, Burke, Jeremiah E. Cary, Carroll,
< atlin, Chilton, Collamer, Cranston,Dana, Darragh, Richard
I) Davis, Dean, Dicke;, Dillingham, Douglass, Drom-
guol<\ Duncan. Dunlap, Ellis, Elmer, Farlee, Fish, Flor-
ence Knot, Foster, Fuller, Giddings, Byram Green, Grin-
nell, Hale, F.dward S. Hamlin, Hardin. Harper, Hays, Hen-
ley, Ilerrwk, lk)ge, Hubbell, Hudson, Hungerford, Wash.
ingtonHunt, James B. Hunt, Charles. J. Ingersoll, Irvin
Jenk*, Perley B Johnson, Andrew Kennedy, John P. Ken-
nedy, Preston King, Daniel P. King, Kirkpatriek, Leonard
Lyon. McCanslen, Maclay, McClelland, McC'lernand, Mc-
Dowell, McIIvaine, Marsh, Mathews, Edward J. Morris
Joseph Morris, Freeman H. Morse, Moseley, Nes, New-
ton, Norris, Owen, Parmenter, Paterson, Pettit, Phcenix
Pollock, Elisha R. Potter, Emery D. Potter, Pratt, Purdy'
Ramsey, Rathbun, Eeding, Ritter, Rockwell, Rodney
Rogers, Russell, St. John, Sample, Schenck, Severance
Thomas H. Seymour,Albert Smith, John T. Smith, Thomas'
