286
CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
-•j  ■
Smith, Caleb B. Smith, Robert Smith, John Stewart, Alfred
P. Stone, Sykes, Tilden, Tyler, Vance, Vinton, Weller,
wentworth, Wethered, Benjamin White, Winthrop, Wil-
liam Wright, Joseph A. Wright and Yost—103.
NAYS—Messrs. Arlington, Ashe, Barringer, Bayly,
Belser, Edward J. Black, James A. Black, Blackwell,
Bower, Boyd, Aaron V. Brown, Milton Brown, William
J. Brown, Burt, Caldwell, Campbell, Causin, Reuben
Chapman, Chappell, Chilton, Clinch, Clingman, Cobb, Coles
Cross, Cullom, Daniel, Garrett Davis, John W. Davis|
Dawson, Deberry, Dellet, Ficklm, French, Goggiri, Crrider,
Hammett, Haralson, Holmes, Hopkins, Houston, Hubard,
Jameson, Andrew Johnson, George W. Jones, Labranclie,
Lucas, Lumpkin, McConnell, McKay, Isaac E. Morse,
Fayne, Peyton, Rayner, David S. Reid, Relfe, Rhett, Roberts,
Saunders, Senter, Simpson, Slidell, Steenrod, Stephens,
Stiles, James W. Stone, Summers, Taylor, Thomasson,
Thompson, Tibbatts, Tucker, John White, Woodward,
and Yancey—77.
So the amendment of the committee was concur-
red in;
The question then being on the engrossment of
the bill for a third reading, was taken and decided
in the affirmative without a division.
The bill was read a third time by its title.
Mr. COBB moved the previous question on its
issage.
Mr. SAMPLE appealed to Mr. Cobb to with-
draw the demand for the previous question, in order
to enable him to move to commit the bill with cer-
tain instructions, which were read by the Clerk as
follows:
To report separate bills for the admission of Florida and
Iowa into the Union as States, with the same boundaries
for each as are contained in the present bill as amended in
Committee of the Whole; and in the bill for the admission
of Florida no provision shall be inserted for the formation
hereafter of two States out of her Territory.
Mr. COBB declining to withdraw,
The demand for the previous question was sec-
onded, and the main question was ordered.
Mr. DICKEY asked the yeas and nays; which
were ordered.
The question was taken, and decided in the affirm-
ative—yeas 145, nays 46—as follows:
YEAS—Messrs. Anderson, Arrington, Ashe, Atkinson,
Barringer, Bayly, Belser, BidUck, Edward J". Black, James
Black, James A. Black, Blackwell, Bower, Bowlm, Boyd,
Brinkerhoff, Brodhead, A V. Brown, Milton Brown, W. J.
Brown, Burke, Burt, Caldwell, Campbell, Shepherd Gary,
Causin, Reuben Chapman, Chappell, Chilton, Clinch, Cling-
man, Clinton, Cobb, Coles, Cross, Cullom, Daniel, Garrett
Davis, John W. Davis, Dawson, Dean, Dellet, Dillingham,
Douglass, Dromgoole, Duncan, Ellis, Farlee, Ficklin, Fos-
ter, Frcnch, Fuller, Goggin, Willis Green, Gnder, Hale,
Hammett, Haralson, Hardin, Hays, Henley, Holmes, Hoge,
Hopkins, Houston, Hubard, Hubbell, James B. Hunt, Charles
J. Ingersoll, Jameson, Cave Johnson, Andrew Johnson,
George W. Jones, Andrew Kennedy, John P. Kennedy,
Kirkpatrick, Labranche, Leonard, Lucas, Lumpkin, Lyon,
McCauslen, Maclay, McClelland, McClernand, McConnell,
McDowell, McKay, Mathews, Edward J. Morris, Jospph
Morris, Isaac E. Morse, Murphy, Newton, Norris, Owen,
Parmenter, Payne, Peyton, Phcenix, Pollock, Emery D.
Potter, Pratt, Purdy, D^vid S. Reid, Reding, Relfe, Rhett,
Ritter, Roberts, Rodney, Russell, St. John, Saunders,
Senter, Thomas H. Seymour, Simons, Simpson, Slidell,
John T. Smith, Thomas Smith, Robert Smith, Steenrod,
Stephens, Stiles, James W Stone, Alfred P. Stone, Strong,
Summers, Sykes. Taylor, Thomasson, Thompson, Tibbatts,
Tucker, Weller, Wentworth, Wethered, John White,
Benjamin White, Woodward, Joseph A. Wright, Yancey,
and Yost—14-5,
NAYS.—Messrs. Abbot, Adams, Baker, Barnard, Bren-
gle, Buftington, Carroll, Cranston, Richard 1). Davis, De-
berry, Dickey, Fish, Florence, Foot, Giddings, Byram
Green, Grinnell, Edward S Hamlin, Harper, Hudson,
Washington Hunt, Irvin, Jenks, Perley B. Johnson, Pres-
ton King, Daniel P. King, Mellraine, Marsh, Fieeman II.
Morse, Moseley, Paterson, Elisha R Potter, Robinson,
Rockwell, Rogers, Sample, Schenck, Severance, David L.
Seymour, Albert Smith, Caleb B. Smith, Tilden, Tyler,
Vance, Yinton, and Winthrop—46
Mr. SLIDELL moved the reconsideration of the
vote on the passage of the bill; and on this de-
manded the previous question; which was seconded,
\ and the main question was ordered, and being taken
' was rejected.
So the bill was finally passed.
REDUCTION OF POSTAGE.
Mr. HOPKINS, from the Committee on the
Popt Office and Post Roads, on leave, reported back
the bill from the Senate to reduce the rates of post-
age, to regulate the franking privilege, &c., and
moved its reference to the Committee of the Whole
on the state of the Union, with the recommendation
of the Committee on the Post Office and Pose Roads
that the House bill be substituted therefor.
The motion was agreed to.
POTOMAC BRIDGE.
Mr. THOMPSON moved the reconsideration of
the vote by which the bill to purchase the bridge
across the eastern branch of the Potomac, and make
it a free bridge, was laid on the table. He said he
made the motion at the request of some of the friends
of the bill, and to give them opportunity to otter ;
further facts in the case. He himself, however,
should vote against the motion.
Mr. G. W. JONES moved the previous question.
On motion of Mr. THOMPSON, after some con-
versation, the consideration of the subject was post-
poned till to-morrow.
On motion of Mr. BURKE, the joint resolution
from the Senate for the appointment of a joint com-
mittee to wait on the President and Vice President
elect and inform them of their election was taken up
and concurred in.
Mr. WELLER moved that the House adjourn,
but withdrew at the appeal of
Mr. A. V. BROWN, who moved that the House
resolve itself into a Committee of the Whole on the
state ©f the Union to take up bill No 448.
Mr. H. DODGE rose and said the House would
bear him witness that he had never been troublesome.
There was one bill relating to his Territory, in the
passage of which he (Mr. D.) felt, as did a large
and highly respectable portion of his constituents,
a deep interest. He alluded to the bill for the im-
provement of the Pox and Wisconsin rivers, and to
conncct them by a canal.
This bill, the Speaker would remember, had, by
a mistake of ihe clerk, been acted upon in the House,
on Tuesday, without having been considered in the
Committee of the Whole. The clerk had discover-
ed his mistake, and the Speaker had called the at-
tention of the House to the subject. It was then re-
referred to the committee, where it now was, and he
earnestly besought the House, as this was the last
day that there was any hope of obtaining action
upon it, not to adjourn, but to give him a hearing.
Here there was a general cry "we will."
Mr. D. then moved that the House resolve re-
solve itself into Committee of the Whole. The
motion prevailed, and Mr. Winthrop of Massachu-
setts was called to the chair.
Mr. D. moved that the committee proceed to the
consideration of the House bill No. 448, entitled an
"Act to grant a quantity of land tj aid in the im-
provement of the Fox and Wisconsin rivers, and
to connect the same by a canal in the Territory of
Wisconsin.11
The bil having been read,
Mr. DODGE said it was the same bill, and in the
precise words that had passed the Senate at the last
session. It was emphatically ofa national character,
and one in which the government of the United
States was more interested than were the people
or Territory of Wisconsin. Mr. D. said the pro-
posed canal would form a line of intercommunica-
tion between the Mississippi and the great lakes,
and in time of war would be of incalculable benefit.
It had been the carrying place between those waters
for the last two centuries; and was a point for
which nature had done so much that there was
but little left for man to do. The distance between
the two rivers was but one mile and a quarter. In
times of high water, the waters of the Wisconsin
often flow over into those of the Ftfx. The work
was entirely a practicable one, and would not cost
more in, all probability, than the proceeds arising:
from the sales of the lands which the bill proposed
to appropriate.
The public documents of the House were full of
reports and estimates from the competent and seien-
tifi officers of the topographical corps.
Mr. D. would refer members to them, and also to
the able report accompanying the bill. His friend
from Missouri [Mr. Jameson] had investigated the
subject, and finding all the facts set forth in the
Senate's report of last year true, had adopted it as
his own.
Here Mr. D. called for the reading of the re-
port, and said, in conclusion, that he hoped the bill
would be reported to the House for its favorable ac-
tion.
Mr. RATH RUN offered an amendment to strike
out that part of the third section of the bill which
provides that the United States engineers shall con-
struct said canal under the direction of the War De-
partment.
Mr. DODGE resisted the amendment. He hoped
it would be the pleasure of the House to pass the
bill in the form in which it had passed the Senate.
Mr. J. W. DAVIS moved an amendment, provi-
ding that the land appropriated by the bill should be
taken from the 500,000 acres granted to the future
State of Wisconsin by the act to distribute the sales
of public lands, &c.
Mr. DODGE opposed the amendment. He said
he should regard its adoption as a great outrage.
He would like to know of the honorable chairman
of the Committee on Public Lands where he could
find any precedent in the legislation of Congress for
Ins amendment. Congress had pledged a donation of
500,000 acres of land to the future State of Wiscon-
sin, and he trusted that the selection of that land
would be left to the legislature ofthe State.
The bill was further debated by Mr. JAMESON
Mr. A. C. DODGE, Mr. J. P. KENNEDY, Mr.
CAVE JOHNSON, and Mr. VINTON. It was
not disposed of when the committee rose, and re-
ported progress, and
The House adjourned.
The following notices of petitions, presented to-
day, were handed to the reporters by the members
presenting them:
By Mr. WOODWARD: The petition of Hugh Mathews,
of Sumter district, South Carolina, praying for a pension.
By Mr. J. K. GARY: The petition of II. K. Lullfand 61 other
inhabitants of Otsego county, New York, praying for the
establishment of a mail route from Oneonta to New Berlin,
by way of Butternuts: referred to the Committee on the
Post Office and Post Roads.
By Mr. W. HUNT: The petition of226 citi?ens of Niagara
tins agi
therein.
slavery i
By Mr. PF.TTIT: The petition of AlbanB. Slaughter and
W others, praying a grant of land to aid m the construction
of a road from Lafayette, Indiana, to Chicago, Illinois: re-
ferred to the Committee on the Public Lands.
By Mr. HALF.: The petition of Charles H. Sanborn, a citi-
zen of New Humpshuc, praying Congress to piohibit the
importation of wine, rum, brandy, and other spiritous li-
quors: referred to the Committee on Commerce. The peti-
tion of A'/.a Meriilland 33 others, citizens of New Hamp-
shire, that Congress will pass laws for the protection of the
rights of the citi? ens of each State of theUnion: referred to
the Committee on the Judiciary. The remonstrance of D.
K Fostei and 20 others, citizens of Chichester, New Hamp-
shire, against the annxation of Texas to the Union: referred
to the Committee on foreign Allan-?. The remonstrance of
Daniel ( arr and 76 others,Vitr/.cns of Bradford, New Hamp
shiie, against the annexation of Texas to the Union: refer-
red to the Committee on foreign Affairs. The remonstrance
of Moses Sawj or and 67 otlier citizens of Weare, New
Hampshire, against the annexation of Texas to the Union:
rolern'd to the Committee on Foreign Affairs. The petition
of J. Batch and 4-2 other citizens of Francistown. New
Hampshire, that Congress would abolish slavery in the
DisUict of Columbia and the Territories: referred to the
Committee for the District of Columbia. The remonstance
of Isreul Balch and -14 others, citizens of Mancistown, New
Hampshire, against the annexation of TcJtas to theUnion:
referred to the Committee on Foreign Affairs. The remon-
strance of Henry Phelps, jr., and ft? others, citizens of Gro-
ton, New Hampshire, against the annexation of Texas to
the Union: referred to the Committee on Foreign Affairs.
The petition ol "the New Hampshire Young Men's State
Temperance Convention,"that Congress would prohibit the
bale ol intoxicating liquors in the Capitol, and on the public
grounds belonging to the United States, and abolish the
.spirit ration in'the navy: referred to the Committee for the
Di«tiict ol Columbia.
By Mr. SAMPLE: The memorial of Jeremiah Dunham, of
AVhite connty, Indiana, praying compensation for services
as blacksmith for the Miami an<l Pottowattomie Indians.
By Mi. MACLAV: The memorial of William II. Johnson
ami others, citizens of New York, praying for the estab-
lishment of a naval school, for the abolition ol the grade of
professors ol mathematics in the na^ y, and for the appro-
pnation of the iiimj now devoted to their pay for the es-
tablishment ol a naval school: referred to the Committee on
Na\al Affairs. The memorial of John W. Ilolbeitson and
91 otheis, German importers of the city of New Yoik, pray,
ing for the pa&sdgeof a law establishing the value ofthe
florin dollar and other money of the tierman States, or to
abolish the necessity of the consulai ceitilicate with re-
gard to the same: referred to the Committee on Commerce.
The petition of Richard J?. Connolly, A. F. Hatfield, and
others, citi/ens of New W>rlc, pra) ing for a reduction of
po^tuqe to a uniform rute of two cent?? and for the abolition
of the fianking privilege. The petition of many citizens
of New \ioik, piaying for the abolition of the spirit ration
and Hogging m the na\ y. The petition of John Townsend,
jr , and other citizens ol New York., for the abolition ofcap-
ital punishment.
By Mr. PIKKNIX- The petition of citizens of New York,
in favorol'arcduction of the iates ol postage.
By Mr RUSSELL: The petition of 54 inhabitants of
Catbkill. (iieen county, New York, prajing for the reduc-
tion ot postage*? to tlhe uniform rate of two cents on all sin-
gle letters, and on pamphlets and popers in proportion.
By Mr Dl NLA1': The petition of Edward L. Toor, of the
State of Maine, piaying remuneration for services rendered
as occasional inspector of customs in the district of Port-
land and Falmouth in said State: referred to the Committee
of Claims.
By J. STEWART: The petition of Thomas Child, and
100 citizens of Middle Haddam, in Middlesex county, Con-
necticut, praying Congress to reduce letter postage to two
cents on each single letter, and abolish the franking privi-
lege: referred to the Committee on the Post Office and Post
Roads
By Mr. FULLER: The petition of H. A Riley and 29 others,
citizens of Montrose, Pennsylvania, asking foi a reduction
ofthe postage on letter* to tlie uniform rate of two cents—
for a proportionate rate of reduction of the postage on
pamphlets and newspapers, and lor the abolition of the
franking privilege: lefeired to the Committee on the Post
Office ond Post Roads
By Mr. WENTWORTH: The petition of C. C. Savage
and others, for a harbor at New Buffalo, Michigan: referred
to the Committee on Commerce.
