CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
m
IN SENATE.
Friday, February 14, 1845.
The PRESIDENT pro tern, laid before the Sen-
ate two series of resolutions passed by the legisla-
tive assembly of the Territory of Wisconsin, re-
questing the delegate from that Territory in Con-
gress to use his efforts to procure an appropriation
for the construction of a harbor at the mouth of
Sheboygan river; also to procure the passage of a
law to provide for the extinguishment of the Indian
title to the lands lying north of Fox river, in said
Territory. The first subject was referred to the
Committee on Commerce, and the second to the
Committee on Indian Affairs.
Mr MERRICK presented a memorial from Wil-
liam W. Buchanan, a soldier in the revolutionary
w^° f°ught in the battles of Long Island and
Guilford eourt-house, and others, representing that
he is borne down by the weight of years, (being
ninety years of age,) and praying for a pension, from
which he in excluded now by the restrictive regula-
tions of the Pension Office: referred to the Com-
mittee on Pensions.
Also presented a memorial from William Duff, a
citizen of Maryland, praying that his hydrostatic
safety valve may be further tested: referred to the
Committee on Naval Affairs.
Mr. BAGBY presented a list of the claims of the
Cherokee Indians who have become citizens of the
State of North Carolina; which was referred to the
Committee on Indian Affairs.
Mr. BENTON presented a memorial from John
G. Tucker, William L. Brevort, and others, of the
city of New York, praying for the annexation of
Texas to the United States, and the occupation of
the Oregon Territory by the United States: referred
to the Committee on Foreign Relations.
Mr. FAIRFIELD presented a petition from
Stephen Snow, a soldier of the last war, praying for
a pension; which was referred to the Committee on
Pensions.
Mr. DIX presented a memorial from 84 citizens
of the town of Skaneateles, in the county of Oneida,
in favor of the simultaneous annexation of Canada
and Texas to the United States: ordered to He on the
table.
Also presented a memorial from the common
council of the city of Rochester, New York, pray-
ing that an appropriation may be made for con-
structing a fortification at the mouth of the Genesee
river, fur the protection of that important and rapid-
ly-growing city: referred to the Committee on Mili-
tary Affairs.
Mr. DAYTON presented a memorial from Guli-
an C. Verplanck, and other medical men and pub-
lishers of the city of New York, praying that pam-
phlets may be placed on the same footing with
newspapers with respect to mail facilities; which
was ordered to lie on the tabic.
"Mr. LEWIS presented three several memorials
of the legislature of Alabama, in favor of gradually
reducing the price of the public lands; asking for the
Tennessee and Coosa Railroad company the right of
way through the public lands, and alternate quarter
sections of land on the line of said road; and asking
for certain citizens the right to enter certain lands at
the government price; which were severally referred
to the Committee on the Public Lands.
Mr. EVANS entered a motion for the reconside-
ration of the vote rejecting the bill for the appoint-
ment of assistant,pursers and assistant surgeons m
the navy of the United Srates.
Mr. HUNTINGTON presented a memorial from
sundry citizens of East Hartford, Connecticut, re-
monstrating against the annexation of Texas: order-
ed to He on the table.
Mr. TAPPAN, from the Committee on the Li-
brary, to which was referred the resolution of the
Senate upon the subject of employing Persico to
make an equestrian statue, in bronze, of Washing-
ton, reported a joint resolution directing the erection
of a bronze statue of Washington, and the purchase
of marble busts of the Presidents of the United
States; which was read, and ordered to a second
reading.
A message was received from the House of Rep-
resentatives, informing the Senate that that body had
concurred in their resolution for the appointment of
a joint committee to wait upon James K. Polk, of
Tennessee, and inform him of his election as Presi-
dent of the United States, and had appointed Messrs.
Bi'rke and Boyd on the part, of the House.
Mr. FOSTER, from the Committee on Claims,
reported back, without amendment, and with a rec-
ommendation that they do pass, the House bills for
the relief of William Rich, Philip Schwartztruaber,
of Ohio, and Harrison Whitson.
On motion by Mr. ARCHER, it was ordered
that the petition of the legal representatives of
George Mayo, deceased, praying compensation for
his services as a clerk in the Post Office Department,
be referred to the Committee on Claims.
Mr. BERRIEN, from the Committee on the Ju-
diciary, reported back, without amendment, and
with a recommendation that it do pass, the bill from
the House for the relief of Benjamin S. Roberts.
Mr. HUNTINGTON, from the Committee on
Commerce, reported back, without amendment,
and with a recommendation that it do pass, the
House bill to continue the harbor improvements al-
ready commenced in the harbor of Southport; and
reported back from the same committee with an
amendment, (which was ordered to be printed,) the
House bill for the erection of a light-house upon
the western shore of Lake Michigan, at the town
of Southport, in the territory of Michigan.
Mr. H. from the same committee, to which the
memorial of the chamber of commerce upon the
subject was referred, reported a bill making appro-
priations for the erection of a custom-house in Sa-
vannah, State of Georgia; which was read, and or-
dered to a second reading.
Mr. ATCHISON gave notice of leave to in-
troduce a bill authorizing the issuing of patents for
certain lands.
The following resolution, introduced by Mr.
Choate on Tuesday last, was considered and
agreed to, as follows:
Resolved, That the President be requested to communi-
cate to the Senate, if not incompatible with the public in-
terest, the instructions'given to the late coinmisioner to
China, and any communication made directly to that gov-
ernment.
CHICKASAW AND CHOCTAW FUNDS.
The resolution submitted by Mr. Mkrkjck yes-
terday, was taken up and read as follows:
Resolcfid, That the Secretary of War leport to the Senate
the names of all persons who have, since tin- first January,
IH-IO, teceived any stock of the United States.orol'any Slate,
or uny scrip, money, or certificate, secmity, or other prop-
erty belonging to the Chickasaw, orphan, or incompetent
fund- reciting the particular description of stock, scrip,
money, certiiicate, security, or other property, the amounts,
dates, and names respectively, with the authority under
which such payments were each made, and the considera-
tion of such tiansfer.
Mr. JARNAGIN moved so to amend the reso-
lution as to extend the inquiry to the Choctaws
also; and *
Mr. FOSTER moved to further amend the reso-
lution, by addingthc following:
"And further that he communicate to the Senatte \\ hether
nt any time applications were made by the Chickasaw com-
missioners to have the amounts due to the incompetents and
orphans of their tube paid over to their respective claim-
ants, and the answ er of the department to such applications.
And also the decisions of the late Secietury of War, Mr.
Poinsett, and of the subsequent Secretary of War, in rela-
tion to raid fluids; and that he furnish copies of such com-
munications relative to the subject as may be on file in his
department.
Mr. MERRICK accepted the amendments; and
the resolution, us thus modified, was agreed to
LAKE DEFENCES.
The resolution submitted by Mr. Foster yester-
dny was considered and agreed to, viz:
11 etolrPtl, That the Secretary of the Navy be requested
to report to Congress, at its next session, the present
means ol naval defence on the lakes, together with the best
plan for providing foi the general defence in that quarter,
whether by the ship canal of Illinois or otherwise.
The bill lo extend the national road to the city of
Alton, on the Mississippi river, came up in order,
but was again laid on the table for the present.
Mr. MERRICK, from the Committee on the
Post Office and Post Roads, reported back, without
amendment, the House bdl for the relief of Dunnm"
R. Me,Nan-.
OREGON BILL.
The bill to organize a government for llie Oregon
Territory, and for other purposes, came up in order
for consideration as in committee of the whole.
Mr. ARCHER said he had no doubt when the
Senate entered into the consideration of tins bill it
would be much discussed. He supposed it was
not in the contemplation of the ehaiunan of the
select commitiee who had charge of this bill to en-
ter into its consideration then. He therefore moved
to lay it upon the table: agreed to.
On motion by Mr. BERRIEN, the bill granting
appeals in cases of bankruptcy was taken up for
consideration as in committee of the whole, on ail
amendment reported by the Judiciary Committee.
The amendment being agreed to, the bill was re-
ported to the Senate; when
Mr. CHOATE remarked that the senator from
North Carolina, [Mr. Haywood,] who took great
interest in the bill, was absent, and moved that it be
passed by informally.
The bill was accordingly passed by for the pres-
ent.
Several other bills, coming up in their order on
the calendar, were passed by informally.
The bill for the relief of John S. Russwurm,
heir and legal representative of William Russwurm,
deceased, was taken up and considered as in com-
mittee of the whole, reported to the Senate, and or-
dered to be engrossed for a third reading.
Mr. ARCHER remarked that this was the morn-
ing upon which he had intended to call up the bill,
upon its third reading, for the ascertainment of
American claims for French spoliations prior to
1800; but, as the honorable senator from South Car-
olina, [Mr. McDuffje,] at whose instance the bill
was laid aside the other day, was not in his seat, he
would defer his motion till to-morrow, to ask the
Senate to consider the bill.
ANNEXATION OF TEXAS.
On motion by Mr. ARCHER, the Senate re-
sumed the consideration of the proposition to post-
pone indefinitely the resolution of the House of Rep-
resentatives for annexing Texas to the United l-
States.
Mr. BUCHANAN, who was entitled to the floor,
made a most powerful argument showing the con-
stitutionality and expediency of admitting Texas, by
joint resolution, into the union of the States. When
he concluded—
Mr. RIVES obtained the floor, at whose instance
the subject was passed over informally till to-mor-
row.
The PRESIDENT pro tem. laid before the Senate
a message from the President of the United States,
transmitting certain documents relating to the case
of Silas Green; which, on motion of Mr. BENTON,
were ordered to be printed.
Mr. ARCHER gave notice to the Senate of his
intention to introduce a proposition to fix an earlier
hour for the meeting of the Senate, to enable two
speeches a day to be made on the Texas question. i,
IOWA AND FLORIDA.
A message was received from the House, accom-
panied by the act for the admission of the States of
Iowa and Florida into the Union; which were read
twice, with the view of commitment.
Mr. WALKER remarked that it was so near the
close of the session, that it 'was necessary that this
act should have the prompt and speedy action of
some committee. He, therefore, in order to facili-
tate the matter, and'with the hope of having the act
passed this session, moved its reference to a select
committee.
Mr. HUNTINGTON moved that it be referred
to the Judiciary Committee.
Mr. SEVIER moved that it be referred to the
Territorial Committee, if it be not referred to a se-
lect committee.
The question being pot on the motion to refer to
the Judiciary Committee—
Mr. WALKER demanded the yeas and nays;
which were ordered, and, being taken resulted: yeas
24, nays 23, as follows:
YF. 4.S —Messrs. Archer, Barrow, Bates, Bayard, Berrien,
Choate, Clayton, Crittenden, Dayton, Evans, Foster, Fran-
cis. Huntington, Jainagm, Johnson, Mangum, Merrick,
Miller, Morehead, Porter, Rives, Simmons, Upham, and
Woodridge—34.
NAYS.—Messrs. Allen, Ashley, Atchison, Atherton, Bag-
by, Benton, Breese, Buchanan, Dickinson, Dix, Fairfield
Ilannegan, linger, Lewis, LMcDuffie, Niles, Semple, Sevier
Sturgeon,Tappan, Walker, "White, and Woodbury—23. '
So the bill was referred to the Judiciary Com-
mittee.
On motion of Mr. BERRIEN, the Senate pro-
ceeded to the consideration of executive business;
and; after some time spent therein,
Adjourned.
HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES.
Friday, February 14, 1845,
The journal of yesterday was read and approved.
NAVY PENSIONS.
Mr. McKAY, from the Committee of Ways and
Means, reported a bill making appropriations for
the payment of navy pensions for the year ending
30th June, 1846; which was read twice, and com-
mitted to the Committee of the Whole on the state
of the Union.
