288
CONGRESSIONAL GLOM.
Mr. J> A. WRIGHT moved that the rules be
suspended that the House might resolve itself into
Committee of the Whole on the state of the Union.
On this motion no quorum voted.
Mr. COBB moved a call of the House; and on
this he called for the yeas and nays, which were
ordered; and being taken, resulted: yeas 55, nays 55.
The Chair voted in the affirmative. So the House
agreed to have a call of the House.
A quorum having collected, the further proceed-
ings under the call were dispensed with.
The vote was then taken by Messrs. J. P. Ken-
nedy and J. A. Wright as tellers on the motion to
go into Committee of the Whole on the state of the
Union, and they reported 83 in the affirmative, and
36 in the negative. The House accordingly resolved
itself into Committee of the Whole on the state of
the Union, Mr. Jameson in the chair.
CUMBERLAND ROAD.
Mr. J. A. WRIGHT was successful above many
competitors for the floor, and moved to take up the
Senate bill making appropriations for the continua-
tion of the Cumberland road.
Messrs. HARALSON, McKAY, ANDREW
KENNEDY, COBB, TIBBATTS, and other gen-
tlemen, gave notice, respectively, of bills which
they should move to take up, in case the motion of
Mr. Wright feiled.
The question was taken, and the vote stood thus
—ayes 58, noes 58—a tie.
The Chair voted in the affirmative.
So the bill appropriating $108,000 for the contin-
uation of the Cumberland road in Ohio, $150,000
for the same purpose in Indiana, and $150,000 in
Illinois, was taken up and read by the Clerk.
Mr. HALE asked if it would be in order to move
to report this bill, with a recommendation that it be
rejected.
REGULAR APPROPRIATION BILLS.
Mr. McKAY, chairman of the Committee of
Ways and Means, said it was known to the House
that there were only two weeks remaining of the
session. There were several important appropria-
tion bills yet to be passed. It was desirable that
they should be sent to the Senate at as early
a day as possible, that the amendments which
that body might make could be returned to
the House, in order to be acted upon by them. In
order to test the sense of the committee, he would
move, therefore, that this bill be laid aside, in or-
der to proceed at once with the regular appropria-
tion bills. It was known, as this was a Senate bill,
it could be acted on at' any time during the three
last days of the session.
A disorderly conversation arose, and a struggle
on the part of the friends of the bill—Mr. DAVIS
of Indiana, Air. STEENROD, Mr. STEWART
of Pennsylvania, and others—to prevent theproposed
disposition of the hill, winch they considered equiva-
lent to its rejection for this session.
The question was finally taken, and the motion
was agreed to—ayes 74, noes 60.
So the bill was laid aside.
Mr. McKAY now proposed to the committee to
proceed with the consideration of the regular appro-
priation bills. He moved to take up the navy pen-
sion bill.
FOX AND WISCONSIN RIVERS.
Mr. DAVIS of Indiana raised the point of order,
that the bill appropriating for the improvement of
the Fox and Wisconsin rivers was pending when the
committee rose yesterday, on which the honorable
delegate from Wisconsin [Mr. Dodge] was entitled
ti the floor; hence the chairman of the Committee of
Ways and Means [Mr. McKay] could not get the
floor to make Ins motion.
The CHAIRMAN sustained the point of order,
thus deciding that the bill pending yesterday was the
bill now before the committee, and on it, that Mr.
Dodge of Wisconsin was entitled to the floor. .
Mr. DAVIS of Indiana (Mr. D. yielding the floor)
withdiew the amendment winch he had offered yes-
16 After a few remarks ill advocacy of the bill, Mr.
DODGE moved that it be laid aside to be reported
to the Hoi'xe.
Mr. OWEN said, that he was glad to perceive,
that the motion of his colleague [Mr. J. W. PAUS]
to amend this bill had been withdrawn. And lie
rose now merely to ieplv to some remarks which
had been called forth from the present chairman
(Mr. Jameson] during yesterday's debate on tlie
bill now under consideration; which remarks ap-
plied, however, to another bill in which his (Mi.
O's) constituents were deeply interested. He al-
luded to a bill for a grant of lands to the State of
Indiana, to aid her in completing her great canal,
connecting the waters of Lake Erie with those of
the Ohio river. With reference to that bill, the
present chairman [Mr. Jameson] had remarked,
that Indiana was one of those States that had
already received, in aid of her public improvements,
a large amount of lands, and was still demanding
more. It was true, the bill alluded to was now
lying in Committee of the Whole on the state of the
Union, having passed the Senate both at the last, and
present sessions; at the present session under the
yeas and nays, by a vote, of SI to 8. It was true
also, that that bill asked a grant of land. Byt. that
grant was not asked (as the gentleman's argument
seemed to imply) as a favor from the United States.
The land asked for was, the alternate sections in
the land district, every acre of which had been thirty-
eight years in market. And the express condition
on which it was to be granted, was, that
the State of Indiana should complete the canal
in question. That canal was 450 miles in
length; of which 350 miles were already com-
pleted; a gap of about 100 miles (partially worked)
remained incomplete; and that incomplete line ran
directly through the land district (the Vincennes
district) where the lands were asked. The grant
was asked on the ground, that if that hundred miles
of canal were completed, (of which if the lands were
not granted there was no hope,) the land remaining
to the United States, though diminished by one-
half in quantity, would not, in point of fact, be di-
minished by one dollar hi valve. He believed there
was not a man well acquainted with the character
and situation of the lands in question, who would
not agree in this opinion. The simple circumstance
that these lands had been offered, and offered in
vain, through more than a generation of men, at a
dollar and a quarter, might alone furnish evidence,
either that their price should he reduced, or some-
thing done to give them additional value. As it
was, they were valueless, unsaleable Ktock on the
hands of the United States. The graduation bill
now pending in this House proposes to reduce the
price of such lands to fifty cents; another proposal
would have reduced them to twenty-five, cents. The
bill of which he was speaking would be, in fact, but
equivalent to a reduction of the price of the whole,
lands in that district to sixty-two and a half cents.
And, in addition to this, this can*l bill secured to
the United States, what of course no graduation
bill dots, the free right of way from the lakes to the
Ohio, a valuable privilege; in war it might be a
highly important one.
If, then, the remarks of the gentleman to whom
he was now addressing himself, [Mr. Jame-
son,] were to be construed as an assertion that
this grant of lands to Indiana was a favor asked of
the United States, he (Mr. O.) must protest against
that construction. It was asked, indeed, as that
which would greatly benefit that State, and which
might essentially aid her in relieving herself from a
burdensome debt; but it was not asked as taking
something from the United States. Speculator,
prompted by motives of self-interest alone, frequent-
ly give away the alternate lots of a town, when of
small value and of dull sale, on the condition that
improvements be made thereon. They do this, not
as a sacrifice; not as any favor to those who take the
lots. They do it on deliberate conviction that they
shall be gamers by it. And experience shows that
they calculate wisely. So it has hitherto been with
frants of land to Indiana. They have encour-
aged the lapid settlement of the country; the rapid
sale of the public lands. They have built up towns,
cities, settlements, where the forest, but for such
policy, would yet remain in unbroken solitude.
On such grounds, applying with especial force in
the present case, is the grant of lands asked for this
canal. And, in this view of it, surely it is no just
argument against it, that such grants have heretofore
been made to our State.
He (Mr. O.) owed the committee, perhaps, an
apology for introducing this subject at the present
time; the canal bill in question not being now under
discussion. But he was not willing the gentleman
[Mr. Jameson] should remain unanswered; and he
feared, that, as this session was drawing to a close,
he might not have another opportunity so to do.
He feared, that, when this bill came up, as he hoped
and believed it would in a day or two, there would
be little or no time afforded for discussion or expla-
nation at all. It would be voted for, probably, un-
der the previous question. With the merits of the
case, and the principle involved fully understood, he
(Mr. O.) felt assured it would pass bv a large Ma-
jority. And it was to prevent a misconception of
that principle, and briefly to state the merits of the
case, that tie had risen.
Mr. SCHENCK moved that the bill be laid aside
to be reported to the House; and proceeded to advo-
cate the motion in order that the Cumberland road
bill, to which gentlemen seemed disposed to give the
go-by, might be taken up and brpught to a direct vote
in the House, that the country might know what
course this Congress were disposed to take upon it.
In the course of his remarks, directed to the impor-
tance of the Cumberland road hill, he was called to
order by Mr. C. Johnson.
After some further remarks from Mr. Schenck,
and Mr. C. Johnson,
The question was first put on the motion to lay
the bill aside, resulting in ayes 44, noes 46.
No quorum voting, a second count was had, when
the question was decided in the negative, ayes 56,
noes 04.
The question recurring on laying the bill aside to
be reported,
Mr. COLLAMER rose, and expressed his oppo
sition to it. He objected to the general government
entering into the business of canal making, which
was a new experiment in our history. He object-
ed also, that the object in view could not be accom-
plished by this bill, for the canal was to be con-
structed out of the avails of the public lands, yet it
was to be done at once—a matter utterly impractica-
ble.
Mr. C. JOHNSON moved to amend the bill by
striking out from the 3d section the following: "that
the topographical engineers, under the control and
direction of the Secretary of War, shall cause the
said improvement and canal to be constructed in
such manner, and upon such plans and estimates,
as shall have, been previously prepared and submit-
ted to the said secretary, and approved by him,
provided the entire cost to the United States of said
work shall not exceed the value of said lands hereby
apjirojiriatcd," ami also, to strike out the following
words from the same section: "and as soon as the
Territory of Wisconsin shall be admitted as a State
into the Union, the said canal and improvements
shall become the property of the peojjle of such
Ktate: Provided that the convention which shall
form a constitution for said State shall, in that
instrument, agree to accept said canal and improve-
ment.
This amendment being agreed to,
The bill was then laid aside to be reported.
Mr. McKAY moved that the committee take up
the bill making appropriations for the navy pensions
for the year ending the 30th June, 1846.
M r. WELLER said he had been making several
efforts to get up the bill to extend the right of suf-
frage in the District of Columbia.
The question was put on the motion of Mr. Mc-
Kay, and earned.
So the navy pension hill was taken up.
No amendment being offered, on motion of Mr.
McKAY, the bill was laid aside to be reported.
MILITARY ACADEMY".
On motion of Mr. McKAY, the bill making ap-
propriations for the support of the Military Acade-
my for the year ending June 30, 1846, was taken
up.
Mr. McKAY said, at the last session a good deal
was said m regard to this Military Academy. The
subject was then under consideration by the Mili-
tary Committee, who made, an excellent report; and,
among other things, proposed to reduce the pay of
cadcts to $10 per month, and various other changes.
.Since this lull was reported by the Committee of
Ways and Means, the committee had consulted with
the chief engineer, and they now, in concurrence
with his views, advised the adoption of an amend-
ment reducing the pay of a cadet to §12, (it was now
J] 6,) and two rations, equivalent to 90 cents a day.
They therefore proposed an amendment declaring
the future pay of cadets should be $24 per month in
lieu of the present pay and all emoluments; which
amounted now to $28.
He sent up to be read a letter from the chief en-
gineer expressing the opinion put forth in his an-
nual report that such a reduction might consistently
be made. The committee proposed amendments in
the bill to conform to those which reduce the aggre-
grate amount of ihe bill about $12,500.
Mr. THOMASSON favored all proper economy
in the support of this aceademy, as well as in the
