CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
29*
school passed examination and finally graduated.
It was objected that even these resigned; he would
be glad if more resigned. They went out and dif-
fused abroad in the country the beneficial influences
of their training as they were called into the militia
service and other stations. But if they did not re-
sign—if they continued in commission—fault was
found. Thus it appeared thty were complained of,
whatever course they took. He was willing rather
to increase the appropriations for the support of this
academy than to reduce them. In conclusion, he
entered into a warm defence of the character, brave-
ry, and general merits of the officers of the army,
the indiscriminate attacks which were made from
time to time upon whom he promptly repelled.
Mr. HOPKINS moved that the committee rise,
in order to oiler a resolution to terminate the debate;
but, at the request of several gentlemen, and in the
hope that the debate would not further be continued,
he withdrew the motion.
Mr. McKAY appealed to the committee to allow
the debate to terminate. The gentleman from
Ohio [Mr. Duncan] had made an attack on the ar-
my and navy; and in the debate which had gone on,
the gentleman's remarks had been replied to by the
ehauman of the Military Committee, [Mr. Haral-
son,] and of the Naval Committee, [Mr. Parmbn-
iFH.j Whatever abuses might exist—and he was
as anxious as any gentleman to correct them—this
way not the place to go into them, this being a bill
for the support of the establishment as it existed at
present; and the appropriations being reduced ns far
as possible, all grntleuicu must see the propriety of
voting for it—whatever reductions were deemed
neorasary might hereafter be made in the proper
mode.
The amendment ponding, which reduces the
amount of appropriation, as explained in Mr. Mc-
Ivay's ic.iKirksabove, was agteedto.
An amendment of Mr. McKay for the continua-
tion of barracks at West Point, on certain condi-
tions, after a word of explanation by Mr. McKAV,
was agreed to.
Mr. MclvAY offered the amendment above allu-
ded to, providing that, after the 30th June, 1845, the
pay of cadets shall be $24 per month, in lieu of the
pay and emoluments now received by them.
Mr. UUNGCRKORD moved to amend the amend-
ment, so as to reduce the amountPto The
Committee on Retrenchment had had this subject
under consideration at the last session, and had
thought $21 was sufficient. Other gentlemen, how-
ever, had thought it should he $22.
After a word in reply from Mr. McKAY,
The question was taken, and the amendment to
the amendment was rejected.
The question recurring on the original amend-
ment of Mr .McKay, was taken, and the amendment
was agreed 'to.
The other necessary amendments conforming to
the latter adopted, weio agreed to.
The bill was laid aside to be reported.
Mr, JV1c KAY moved to take up the army appro-
priation bill.
Mi. PRATT hoped the gentleman would allow
the bill appropriating for the purchase of furniture
for the Piwidont'H House to be taken up.
Mr. G. W. JONES moved that the committee
rise.
"Which motion being agreed to—
The committee rose, and reported to the House
the above several bills passed in committee.
Mr. McKAY proposed that the bills be taken up
to be disposed of by the House; and
MILITARY" ACADEMY.
On his motion, the bill appropriating for the mil-
itary academy was first takan up, and several of
the amendments of the committee were concurred
in without debate or opposition.
The amendment fixing the pay of cadcts at §24
per month being under consideration,
Mr. G. W. JONES moved an amendment to re-
duced it to $20. This he thought ample compensa-
tion. On this motion, he asked the yeas and nays;
which weic refused.
Mr. G. W. JONES said that, as the House was
thin, he would move an adjournment: rejected.
Mr. RATHliUN moved the previous question;
which being seconded, the main question was or-
dered.
The main quest'ou was first put on the amend-
ment of M . G. W. J ones j and it was decided in
the negative.
'The mem question was next put on agreeing to
the amendments made in the Committee of the
Whole, and decided in the affirmative.
The bill was then ordered to be engrossed for a
third reading.
Mr. REDING- called for the yeas and nays on
the passage of the bill; which were ordered.
Mr. MURPHY moved a call of the House: re-
jected.
The question was then put on the passage of
the bill, and decided in the affirmative—yeas 85,
nays 42.
NAVY PENSIONS.
On motion of Mr. McKAY, the bill making ap-
propriations for navy pensions was read the third
time and passed.
MARINE HOSPITALS.
Mr. JOHN P. KENNEDY, from the Commit-
tee on Commerce, reported a bill making appropria-
tions for the erection of marine hospitals on the
western rivers, and for the purchase of a site at Bal-
timore. Mr. K. moved to refer this bill to the
Committee of the Whole on the state of the Union.
Mr. R- SMITH moved to refer it to the Commit-
tee of Ways and Means.
Mr. G. W. JONES moved to lay the bill on the
tabic.
Mr. D L. SEYMOUR moved that the House ad-
journ: rejected.
Mr. COBB moved a call of the House: rejected.
On motion of Mr. RATHBUN,
The House adjourned.
The following notices of petitions presented to-
day, were handed to the reporters by the members
presenting them:
Mr. K1HKL'ATRK-K. The petition of the inhabitants of
counties of Middlesex n.ml Somerset, in the State of New
.Jersey, in favor of the reduction of postage: relened to the
Committee on the Tost Oftice and Fott Koads
13 y Mr TIBBATTS* The memorial of A Montayne and 33
others, eiti/.ens of New Orleans, praj in«' that fongieass
may pass House bill No. 71, entitled "A bill to amend an act
entitled 'an act to provide* foi the better security of the
lives ol pnanengeis on board of vessels propelled in whole
or in pait by steam,""approved July 0, 1838: refeued to the
Committee oftho Whole on the state of the Union.
By Mi.MOliSK: The petition of N Groton and 310 oth-
er*, prayinff for a reduction of postage.
iiy Mr. PiKKNIX: The petition of citizens of New York,
piaying that the bill recently passed by the Senate for a re-
duction ot' postage may he adopted by the House of Itepre-
sentati\es without amendment.
Uy Mr. MAI LAY: The petition of a number ofthc inhabi-
tants of the city of New York, proving for the passage of the
bill which passed the Senate on the 7th Kebiuary, l*j-l&, to
reduce the rates of poMage.
Uy Mr. HAMMKTT: The petition of citizens of Vick-s-
htug, Mississippi, praying for a reduction of postage: re-
ferred to the Committee of die Whole on the state of the
Union.
IN SENATE.
Saturday, February 15, 1845.
Mr. FRANCIS presented the credentials of the
lion. Albert C. Greene, elccted by the legislature
of Rhode Island a senator from that State for six
years from the 4th day of March next; which were
read, and ordered to be placed upon file.
Mr. D1X presented the credentials of the lion.
Daniel S. Dickinson, elected by the legislature of
New York a senator from that State for six years
from the 4th day of March next; which were read,
and ordered to be placed upon file.
Mr. D. also presented a petition from 55 citizens
of the county of Chatauque, New York, remon-
strating against the annexation of Texas to the Uni-
ted States: ordered to lie on the table.
Mr. ARCHER presented a memorial from nu-
merous citizens of Marion county, Missouri, pray-
ing for a change in the natuiahzation laws: referred
to the Judiciary Committee.
Mr. A., from the Committee on Foreign Rela-
tions, made an adverse report (which was ordered
to be printed) on the petition of A. P. Brittmgham,
asking indemnity for a vessel and cargo seized by
the Mexicans.
Mr. PORTER presented a memorial from E. L.
Fuller and other citizens of Ann Arbor, Michigan,
praying that measures may be taken to acquire
Canada by treaty, with the view to her admission
into the United States simultaneously with Texas:
ordered to lie on the table.
Mr. DICKINSON presented a memorial from
citizens of Alleghany county, New York, remon-
strating against the annexation of Texas to the
United States: ordered to lie on the table.
On motion by Mr. CRITTENDEN, it was
Resolved, That the Committee on Public Lands be in-
truded to inquire into the expediency of further extend-
ing the time given by the act of the 19th August, 1841, for
locating Virginia military land warrants, and returning sur-
veys thereon m the General Land Office.
Mr. BAYARD, from the Committee on Naval
Affairs, reported "back, without amendment, and
with a recommendation that it do pass, the bill
from the House for the relief of Jacob Boston.
PRESIDENT ANfi VICE PRESIDENT ELECT.
Mr. WALKER, from the joint committee of the
two Houses appointed to wait upon James K. Polk
and inform him of his electioa as President of the
United States, and George M. Dallas, and inform
him of his election as Vice President, reported that
the committee had discharged their duty, and that
he had been directed to say to the Senate that
the President elect, in signifying his acceptance of
the office to which he had been chosen by the peo-
ple, expressed his deep sence of gratitude to them
for the confidence they had reposed in him, and re-
quested us to convey to our respective Houses as-
surances that, in executing the responsible duties
which would devolve on him, it would be his anxious
desire to maintain the honor and promote the wel-
fare of his country; and that the Vice President elect,
in signifying his acceptance of the office to which he
had been chosen by the people, expressed his pro-
found gratitude to them, and declared that, drawn
unexpectedly by the generous suffrages of his fel-
low-citizens from the shades of private life into the
full glare of official station, it was difficult to repress
the solicitude that he might not be equal to the exi-
gencies of so sudden a change; but that, swayed
by nil ardent devotion to the high honor, true inter-
ests, and fast union of the American States, lie
would enter with zeal upon the duties assigned to
him, in the hope of at least partially realizing the
expectations of those by whose confidence he had
been honored.
Mr. BUCHANAN presented a memorial from
the members of the bar of Philadelphia, asking for
the purchase, by Congress, for distribution among
the several States and Territories, of the decisions of
the Supreme Court of the United States. Mr. E.
said the Senate had passed a bill for the purpose.
Ho had, however, voted against it. So the memo-
rial came too late; and he was not sorry for it. The
memorial was ordered to lie on the table.
Mr. JARNAG1N, from the Committee on Revo-
lutionary Claims, made an adverse report (which
was ordered to be printed) on the petition of Oba-
diah Blanding, asking a pension for services render-
ed during the revolutionary war.
Mr. JOHNSON submitted the following resolu-
tion; which, under the rule, lies one day on the ta-
ble, viz:
Resolved, That the President of the United States be re-
quested to inform the Senate of the reasons which have
prevented him froi  communicating copies of the corres-
pondence, evidence, and papers, on file in the State Depart-
ment, in the case of the owners of the brig General Arm-
strong, called for liy their resolution of the 8th ultimo.
THE HOUR OF MEETING.
The resolution submitted by Mr. Bagbt on
Thursday, providing that the daily hour of the meet-
ing of the Senate shall, m future, be 11 o'clock in-
stead of 12, came up for consideration.
Mr. WALKER demanded the yeas and nays on
its adoption.
Mr. BERRIEN remarked, that if he were com-
pelled to meet at 11 o'clock, he would be disabled
from discharging his duties properly on the Judicia-
ry Committee.
Mr. EVANS remarked that it would be utterly
impossible for the committee with which he was
connected to discharge its duties, and enable him to
be in his seat at an earlier hour than the Senate now
met.
Mr. ARCHER said that, under the explanation
of the two senators, he would suggest to the honor-
able mover of the resolution, [Mr. Bagbt,] to peV-
mit it to lie on the table two or three days. He was
disposed, himself, to vote for the resolution to go
into operation on Monday next; but would, how-
ever, under the circumstances, move its postpone-
ment till Wednesday next.
Mr. ALLEN called to the mind of senators the
fact that there but few days (16, he believed) of the
session left, and three great questions, Texas, Ore-
gon, and the admission of Iowa and Florida into
the Union, were to be disposed of; and also, that
all the several important appropriation bills were to
be aaed upon. If the Senate did not therefore meet
earlier, some of those questions would receive the
go-by for the want of time to act upon them.
