■51-
29-2
CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
Mr- BAGRY remarked that his friend from Ohio
[Mr. Allen] was mistaken in supposing that six-
teen days of the session were left. There were, in
fact, but twelve days left—a very short time indeed
to dispose of the great amount of important business
before the Senate.
Mr. WALKER said, in reply to the senators
from Georgia and Maine, [Messrs. Berrien and
Evans,] that he could not see why the committees
could not discharge their duties before 11 o'clock,
as well as the committees of the other House. He
would say to the chairmen of the two committees,
that-all they had to do was to call their committees
together an hour earlier in the .morning. Instead of
meeting at 10, their committees could meet at 9
o'clock. It was much better that those committees
should meet an hour earlier, than that those great
questions pending before the Senate should fail for
the want of time to act upon them. Three of the
greatest measures ever before the Senate have been
sent to it for concurrence by that glorious and pa-
triotic House representing the people, which will
forever be distinguished in the annals of the coun-
try, by the passage of those measures. If the Sen-
ate intended to act upon them—if it was not their
purpose to give them the go-by—they should econo-
mize the little time left of the session.
Mr- WOODBRIDGE remarked that, whatever
respect was due to that glorious and patriotic
House which has passed the great measures'allu-
ded to, it seemed to him that the Senate should give
the committees some opportunity to look into them.
As chairman of one of tne committees, he desired to
have ample time to examine whatever came before
that committee, to avoid premature legislation. He
concurred fully in what the gentleman from Maine
[Mr. Evans] said as to the necessity of giving am-
ple time to the committees to look into those great
measures, to prevent hasty legislation thereon.
The question was then taken on postponing the
further consideration of the resolution till Wednes-
day next, and decided in the affirmative—yeas 24,
nays 22, as follows:
YEAS—Messrs. Archer, Barrow. Bates, Eayard, Berrien,
Choate. Cla\ ton, Crittenden, Dayton, Lvans, Foster, Fian-
ri«, Huntington, Jarnagiw, Johnson, Jv an^um, Miller,
Morehead, rhelps, Porter, Simmons, Upham, "White, and
Wootibridge— '21
NA\ S—.'Icssrs. Allen. Aslilev, Atchison, Atherton, Bag-
by. Breese, Buchanan, Dickinson, J)ix. Kau field, Haimegan,
Henderson, Lewis, McDufiie, Iderrick. Niles, Semple, Se-
\ier, Sturgeon, 'lappan, Walker, and "Woodbury—
Mr. CRITTENDEN pie«ented a petition from
John F. Wilmoit, ex.ecutor of the estate of Robeit
Tfilmott, deceased, praying the payment of interest
on his commutation pay: referred to the Commit-
tee on Revolutionary Claims.
On motion of Mr. BREESE, it was ordered, that
the papers in the case of George Gording be taken
from the files and referred to the Committee on Pub-
lic Lands.
Mr. WOODBRIDGE submitted the following re-
solution: which, under the rules, lies one day on the
table, viz:
Resolved, That the Secretary of the Treasury communi-
cate to the Senate such information as may remain m the
General Land Office, or the Treasury Department, concern-
ing the " errors and frauds5' in the surveys of the public lands
in Michigan, in townships north an'! west of Sangamon bay
—alluded to in the la^t ahuu.il i epui t of the Commissioner of
the General Land Orficp. Tlu>t he tiancnnt to the Senate
copies of such memorial, resolution, or legislative act of the
Legislature of Michigan on the same subject, as may remain
m the General Land Office. That he cause the Senate to be
informed what progress may have been made in correcting
those errors and frauds, or in resurvejmg the lands in
question . and that he communicate to the Senate an esti-
mate of the probable expense of compleiiuq those corrections
or iei'urvcys
R($olcc<' /ut the,\ That the said secretary inform the Pen-
ate. on or htfoio the first of the nest ?es ioii, of the prog-
ress made m correcting the error;; <.nd completing the re-
turns of the survey oi" township i south, laage 7 east, m
the sane State, ami an estimate of the damages sustained
(if any) by zxidivida.il purch^-fri: of lands within to\s n-
sh/p by ivavon of such errors of siuveys or fahe or imper-
fect returns of such survev , ai.d
Rtsol-ed furlhtt, That the :jh' secretary inform the Sen-
utr whethei from the cli'ir^ctor of the country, or l'tom chfli-
oultv of access, ther« lie <>n} portion ol t]io public lands
along the bor.W, of L;>Le h'.ron, nr elsewhere in the 8ute
of \Lelu.nu. for U e muv--, of^h.ch the r&i<i of comp'in-a-
tion.iiVixei ly lav. u m1 and wlut adflltion to-uch
i of covp* j",x-'0 ty!\ m lii^ o^'^ion >.ia\ he recjn Kite
Mr. ASHLEY, on lea\r, in'.-odnccd a joint reso-
lution authorizing and reqv.n mg the isf,ue of patents
for certain lands granted t > the State of Arkansas;
\vh;ch was read twice, and leferrcd to ths Commit-
tee on the Public Lands.
Mr. BREESE submitted the following resolution;
which, under the iule, I.eM one day on the table:
Resolved, That the Present of the United btates be re-
quested to inform the Senate what quantity of the public
lands have been reserved from sale in the State of Illinois
as "mineral lands" south of the base line and west of the
third principal meridian in said State, specifying particularly
the sections and parts of sections so reserved, with the
township and range in which the same are situate, and in
what year the same were reserved, and by what act of Con-
gress.
FRENCH SPOLIATIONS.
On motion of Mr. ARCHER, the bill for the as-
certainment of the claims of American citizens for
French spoliations prior to 1800 was taken up on
its third rending.
Mr. McDUFFIE said he could not consistently
with what he felt to be his duty permit a bill of
such magnitude to pass without further discussion
upon it. He would prefer, not so much in reference
to himself as to the important question now pending
before the Senate, that this bill be passed over in.
formally, to be taken up at the first convenient mo-
ment.
Mr. ARCHER acquiesced in the motion, with
the understanding that the senator from South Car-
olina would be prepared to discuss the bill, the first
convenient moment which offered to take it up.
'The engrossed bill entitled an act for the relief of
John S. Russwnrm, the heir and legal representa-
tive of William Russwurm, decased, came up on its
third reading.
Mr. TAPPAN opposed the bill, because it estab-
lished a new principle—that of allowing interest on
commutation pay.
Mr. BERRIEN called upon the chairman of the
committee who reported the bill for some explana-
tion of its principles.
On motion by Mr. JARNAGIN, the report of the
Committee on Revolutionary Claims upon the bill
was read; and on his further motion the bill was
postponed till Monday next.
ANNEXATION OP TEXAS.
On motion by Mr. ARCHER, the Senate re-
sumed the consideration of the joint resolution from
the House of Representatives for admitting Texas
into the Union; the question being on its indefinite
postponement.
Mr. RIVES being entitled to the floor, rose and
addressed the Senate for upwards of three hours.
He said he presumed it was not unknown to the
Senate or the country, that he was not opposed to
the annexation of Texas, whenever it could be ac-
complished jn a manner consistent with the princi-
ples of the constitution, and without disturbing the
vaiious interests and the external peace of the Union.
In much of what the senator from Pennsylvania
[Mr. Buchanan] had said yesterday, in relation to
the advantages of the measure, he concurred; partic-
ularly with irgiird to the benefits which would re-
sult to the northern as well as to the western and
southern States. But lie differed widely from the
views of that senator as to the power Congress to
annex foreign territory under the authority of the
fourth article of the constitution.
The main part of Mr. R.'s speech was directed
against the interpretation of that articlc which
had induced the House of Representatives to pass
the joint resolution under consideration. His
argument was chiefly in reply to Mr. Buchanan.
He went extensively into the history and minute
particulars of the controversy, touching the third
section of the fourth article in the convention which
framed the constitution; and deduced from the de-
bates on that occasion, and from the concurrent evi-
dence of cotemporaneous writings, that the words
"new States may be admitted by the Congress into
the Union," were exclusively confined to new States
arising out of the territory of the United States; and
never were intended to be applicable to new States
formed out of foreign territory. He therefore con-
fined the right of acquiring or admitting foreign ter-
ritory to the treaty-making power. Territory thus ac-
quired might subsequently be admitted by Congress
as one or more new States; which would be in strict
analogy with the admission of the additional States
of the Union since the adoption of the constitution.
The territory acquired by the put chase of Louisiana,
after the ratification of the treaty, belonged to the
Uiv'ted States; hence new States formed out of it
were States arising out of the territory of the United
States; and they were not, as this joint resolution
would make the acquisition of Texas, new States
formed of foreign territory. Mr. R. fully concurred
with those who took the ground that, by the treaty-
making power alone, could Texas be admitted into
the Union. He denied that the concuirence of two-
thirds of the Senate to a treaty propel ly negotiated
a id satisfactorily adjusted upon fair and honourable
terms to both countries, was hopeless. He saw no
reason why the growing influence of public senti-
ment in favour of annexation should not have the
same weight as in the cases of Louisiana and Flo-
rida, the treaties for the acquisition of which the
Senate had ratified by very large majorities.
He denounced, in the most forcible terms, the doc-
trine to which the expansion of the power of Con-
gress to admit new States into the Union would
lead, if applied to foreign territory, it would, in
effect, he contended, be giving to a naked majority
in one House of Congress, and to a minority of
States in the other, a power more momentous, and
of immensely more importance, than the treaty-
making power, which' requires the concurrence of
two-thirds of the Senate for its consummation, or
the power of altering or amending the constitution,
which requires the concurrence of the legislatures
of three-fourths of the United States,—the power
of annexing to the Union foreign nations, with their
population, citizenship, and influence in controlling
the institutions of the Union. He looked upon the
control which two-thirds of the Senate had over the
treaty-making power as the greatest safeguard which
the South had against the more powerful interests
of the Union, and dwelt largely upon the vital im-
portance of preserving its conservative principle
from encroachment.
Mr. WOODBURY obtained the floor for Mon-
day.
On motion by Mr. CHOATE,
The Senate adjourned.
HOUSE OP REPRESENTATIVES.
Satuiuiay, February 15, 1845.
The journal of yesterday was read and approved.
Mr. RAMSEY asked leave to introduce a bill,
pursuant to notice.
Objections for the present were made.
PERSONAL EXPLANATION—POX AND WIS-
CONSIN IlIVERS.
Mr. JAMESON asked, and obtained leave, to
make a personal explanation. While he (Mr. J.)
was in the chair of the Committee of the Whole
on the state of the Union, the gentleman from In-
diana [Mr. Owkn] had risen and made some re-
marks in reply to remarks he (Mr. J.) had made
the day before, on the bill making appropriation
for the Fox and Wisconsin rivers. From the re-
port of the gentleman's remarks, he found that he
(Mr. J.) had been misapprehended entirely by the
gentleman. From the report of his remarks (and
lie wished the reporters to take notice of it) it
would appear that he was opposed to this bill pro-
posing to make this appropriation of alternate sec-
tions of land to carry on the Wabash and Erie ca-
nal. Being in the chair at the time, he eould not
rise to explain. What he had said was this: The
gentleman from Indiana, [Mr. Davis,] the chairman
of the Committee on Public Lands, had introduced
an amendment to that bill which, if carried, would
defeat the bill as a matter of course. This bill,
relative to the Fox and Wisconsin rivers, called for
an appiopriation of alternate sections ofland precise-
ly us the bill did in relation to the Indiana canal.
He had then stated that he was in favor of the Indi-
ana bill, on the ground that he believed the govern-
men of the United States would never be the loser,
but, in fact, would be the gainer, by granting alter-
nate sections, for the purpose of carrying on inter-
nal works of general advantage to the State, as well
as the Union; but he had complained of the gentle-
man from Indiana, as be had a bill of the same kind
for his State, that he should object to this proposi-
tion for Wisconsin. He (Mr. J.) went for the bill
in the Committee on Public Lands, appropriating
for the Indiana cana™ He expected to go for it in
the House. For the same reason he favored the
bill for the Fox and Wisconsin rivers; and he was
satisfied that the general government would lose
nothing by it; that it would have all the chance of
gaining, with the risk of losing nothing.
MARINE HOSPITALS ON THE WESTERN
WATERS.
The bill reported last evening by Mr. John P.
Kennedy from the Committee on Commerce, ap-
propriating for the erection of marine hospitals on
the western rivers and lakes, and for the purchase of
a site at Baltimore, came up, with motions pending
to refer to the Committee of the Whole on the state
of the Union, to the Committee of the Whole
House, and to the Comirjiuee of Ways and
Means.
