394
CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
Mr, J. E. GARY, from the Committee on Private
Land Claims, reported a bill for the relief of the le-
gal representatives of "William Dixon: referred to
the Committee of the Whole House, aiui ordered to
be printed.
MISSION TO JAPAN.
Mr. PRATT, chairman of ths Select Committee
on Statistics, remarking that, when the civil and
diplomatic appropriation bill came up, he should
move an amendment to defray the expenses of a
mission to the empire of Japan, laid on the ta-
ble statistics and facts relative to that subject; which
were ordered to be printed.
Reports from committees having been gone
through,
Mr. HOUSTON, on leave, presented certain res-
olutions of the legislature of Alabama; which, with-
out reading, were laid on the table and ordered to be
printed.
LANDS ON STATEN ISLAND.
Mr. PRATT, on leave, presented the following
resolution of the assembly of New York; which
was laid on the table, and ordered to be printed:
Resolved, That our senators and representatives in Con-
gress be instructed to use their influence m carrj in^ out
the sale by this State of certain lands on Staten Island, to
the United States, tor military pmposet,, the proceeds of
which sale are, agreeably to an act of the legislature ol dii-i
State, passed May 4, 134<t, to be used torlnuldm^on aisenal
m the county of New York, and the repair of the arsenal at
Albany.
Mr. McCLELLAND, Oil leave, presented resol-
utions of the legislature of Michigan in legaid to
Texas, and on the subject of postage: laid on the
table, and ordered to printed.
Mr. HUBARD asked leave to offer a resolu-
tion.
Mr. McKAY objected; but subsequently with-
drew the objection.
Mr. HUBARD then, on leave, offered a resolu
tion inquiring of the Secretary of the Treasury as to
the cause of the delay in answering the call for in-
formation made, at the last session, relative to bank
paper, currency, exchanges, &c. The resolution
was agreed to.
Mr. ROBERT SMITH asked leave, and, objec-
tion being made, moved a suspension of the rules,
in order to take up and consider a resolution calling
on the Secretary of War for information as to the
best mode of draining low lands, &c.
On the motion to suspend, Mr. S. asked the yeas
and nays; which were refused.
The question was taken, and the motion was re-
jected.
On motion by Mr. ATKINSON, the Committee
of the Whole House was discharged from the fur-
(her consideration of the bill for the relief of certain
contractors of the government, and the same was
referred to the Committee of the Whole on the state
of the Union.
Ou motion by Mr. MgKAY. the bill making ap-
propriations for the service of the Post Office De-
partment, and the bill making appropriations for
fortifications, returned from the Senate with amend-
ments, were when up and referred to the Commiitee
of Ways and Means.
The following bills from the Senate were severally
read twice and referred to appropriate committees :
A bill providing for the purchase and distribution
of the proceedings of the Supreme Court among the
several States and Territories.
A bill providing for the transportation of the mail
between the United States and foreign countries.
A joint resolution authorizing the employment of
additional inspectors of the customs for the port of
New Orleans.
On motion of Mr. McKAY, the House resolved
itself into a Committee of the Whole on the state of
the Union, (Mr. Hopkins, of Virginia, in the chair.)
Mr. McKAY moved that the committee take up
the bill making appropriations for the support of
the army for the fiscal year ending the 30th June,
1846.
This motion being carried, the bill was taken up
and read through.
It was then read by sections, for the purpose of
being amended; and when the first section was read,
Mr. DUNCAN offered an amendment to reduce
the pay of the major general, and said that, before
he proceeded with his remarks, he wised to inquire
of the chairmain of the Committee on Military Af-
fairs if he knew what was the pay of the major gen-
eral.
Mr. C. J. 1NGEB.SOLL said it was stated in the
jft-rmy Register.
Mr. DUNCAN replied that the gentleman was
mistaken. It was not set down m the army report.
He saw it stated there that the p:: y of the major
general was §7,144 83; Dut that, in his opinion, was
short of the amount a-eally received by him some
three or four thousand dollars.
Mr. McKAY stated that the pay of the major
general was all set down under the different heads,
such as pay, quarters, fuel, forage, and rations, but
what was called longevity rations was not stated.
Mr. DUNCAN. Yes. Double rations—I know
that they are not explained, and I want to know
what they are.
Some further explanations took place between
Messrs. HARALSON, DUNCAN, and J. A.
BLACK.
Mr. DUNCAN then addressed the committee at
length in favor of his amendment, contending that
the pay of the major general was too high, and
that it ought not only to be ieduced, but that the
amount ought to be ascertained and fixed by law.
He said it was a strange regulation which gave the
commanding general of the army near $10,000 a
year, while the Secretary of War, under whose
command he was, received but §0,000 a year.
Mr. D., in conclusion, gave notice of another
amendment which he should offer in case of the
failure of the present amendment.
Mr. E. J. BLACK, before voting on this amend-
ment, wished to inquire of the chairman of the Com-
mittee oil Militaiy Affairs and of Naval Affairs if
there was not a law now in existence requiring that
so much money and rations should be paid ta the
officers of the army' If it was so, he should feel
himself hound to vote for the appropriation bills un-
til the law was repealed. When the question of re-
peal came up, the subject would be presented in a
different light.
Mr. B. further briefly replied to some of the points
taken by Mr. Duncan.
Mr. McKAY did not know whether the gentle-
man from Ohio was exactly incorrect in proposing
this amendment. Now, it was known to the com-
mittee that this bill been reported by the Committee
of Ways and Means, making appropriations in con-
formity to existing laws.
Mr. DUNCAN (Mr. McK. yielding the floor)
withdrew the pending amendment, and moved an-
other amendment, which, after several modifications,
and several points of order raised against it by Mr.
Dromguole, on the grotmd of irrelevancy, and other
reasons, and overruled by the Chairman, took the
form of an addition to the bill of a proviso, laying
down a scale of salaries [substantially as proposed in
the bill for the reduction of the army, reported by
Mr. J. A. Black, and pending in committee] of the
officers of the army, viz: for the major general
$331 i per month; the brigadier eeneral £250 per
month; the adjutant general $19H, &c., (running
through and comprising the greater portion of the
said bill of Mr. Black,) restricting all allowances for
other services, repealing all acts inconsistent there-
with, &c.
Mr. J. A. BLACK hoped the gentleman from Ohio
[Mr Duncan] would not press tins amendment now,
which was the same as the bill reported by him (Mr.
B.) from the select committee on the subject of the
reduction of the army. If he withdrew it, he should
have a fair opportunity of discussing this bill, pro-
vided he could gain the assent of the committee. He
(Mr. B.) had forborne to press the bill, on the ground
of the great pressure of business before the House,
and because he was satisfied it would not now pass
the Senate. It was, however, daily becoming more
and more popular, and it must pass and become a
law ere long. He hoped the gentleman would not
press the subject in the form of this amendment, as
lie deemed that the. effect of it would be only to post-
pone final action on the subject.
Mr. HARALSON opposed the amendment. He
believed that the pay of the army should be re-
duced, but it was improper to do it in this bill. He
considered the amendment out of place, and that it
could effect no good.
Mr. DUNCAN replied, and contended that this
bill was the proper one to make the reduction in;
and that if it could not be done at this time, itwould
not be done this session.
Mr. DROMGOOLE opposed the amendment as
out of place, and not calculated to effect the object
in view. The pay of the officers of the army was
regulated by existing laws, and the House was
bound, in good faith to them, to appropriate the
money to give them the pay to which they were en-
titled.
Mr. SMITH of Indiana spoke in favor of the
amendment, He was opposed to paying so high a
salary to the major general, and to the manner in
which he was paid. He waj opposed, also, to the
paying of officers by a sliding scale, as in the <
of the longevity rations, because he had observed
that these sliding scales un for.nly slide upw. rd-s.
He thought that retrenchment and reform cor, 1,1 be
fis well introduced in an appropriation lull as in any
other; and he thought this the appropriate time to
make the reduction, which seemed on all hands to
be considered necessary.
Mr. OWEN was in favor of the reduction of the
army and of the navy whenever, and as soon as it
could be effected in the proper mode; but, uhiie he
wanted to see this reform in the army and na\ y, he
should object to undertaking to effect a reform so
great in a manner so trifling.
Mr. G. W. JONES did not rise to wake a spfceh;
but, as a friend of retrenchment, as an advocate of t' .e
reduction of salaries not only of the officers of ti e
army, but ofmost, ifrmt all of the officers employed m
this government, he should vote for this amendment.
He briefly and warmly advocated the crying im-
portance of retrenchment and reform m various de-
partments of the government—in the army particu-
larly.
Mr. J. W. DAYIS referred to the action of the
committee of the House on this subject at the last
session and at previous sessions. He had made, at
the last session, as strong an effort as he was capa-
ble of, to abolish the office of major-general, and,
falling in that, to reduce his salary; and the who^e
project received not ten votes in this House. Tie
was convinced that it was an entire waste of time to
press this proposition. As for the Committe of the
Whole on the state of the Union abolishing the of-
fice of major general, he was well convinced, from
the indications, that it would be much more likely
that the major general would abolish the Committee
of the Whole on the state of the Union! He was
drawn into a brief expression of his views on the
sub]ect of the utter inutility of that office, and the
propriety of abolishing it; but, returning to the point
from which he started, he reiterated the expression
of his opinion that it would only result in a useless
consumption of time.
Mr. DROMGOOLE, in all sincerity, appealed to
the committee if they were prepared, on a regular
appropriation bill, and at this late stage of the ses-
sion, with but about two weeks remaining, to go in-
to an examination of the salaries and emoluments of
all the officers of the army, as proposed by the
amendment of the gentleman from Ohio, [Mr. Dux-
can.] He referred to one or two of the obvious in-
equalities of the bill, and mentioned other considera-
tions, to show the difficulty, and the utter impossi-
bility of the committee now going into an intelli-
gent action, and doing that justice to the subject
which its importance demanded.
Some conversation arose between Messrs. DUN-
CAN and DROMGOOLE.
Mr. DUN CAN asked for tellers on the question.
He was in earnest; he meant what he said; and he
trusted he should be sustained byeveiy friend oi
economy in this House.
Mr, McKAY made some additional observation:--
in opposition to the amendment. He would vote
for a reduction of the pay of the army, wh.eh he
thought in many instances too high, but did not
think this the proper way to do it. The committee
on this bill had made several reductions, and cor-
rected several abuses that existed.
Mr. CLINTON would ask the gentleman why it
was not proper to reduce the pay of the major gen-
eral in this bill, when the committee had already
reduced the pay of the cadets four dollars a month.
Mr. McKAY explained, and continued his re-
marks. He avowed himself in favor of retrench-
ment in all the other branches of the government
as well as in the army, but thought it too late m the
session to effect anything in that way. He would
reduce the pay of the navy, the civil officers of the
government, and he would also reduce the pay and
mileage of members of Congress. When gentlemen
would bring forward these measures, they would
find that he would go with them.
Mr. J. A. BLACK, with a view of testing the
sense of members on the subject of retrenchment,
moved to lay the bill aside, and take up the bill reg-
ulating the pay of the army.
On putting the question on this motion, the vote
was—ayes 48, noes ,37.
No quorum voting,
Mr. C. J. INGERSOLL moved to take up the
