CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
«"S«
bill fixing the compensation of members of Con-
gress at six dollars a day. Let us, said he, begin at
home.
The CHAIR said the motion was not in order.
The question was again put by tellers on Mr.
Black's motion, and it was decided in the affirma-
tive—ayes 65, noes 57.
So the bill was laid aside.
Mr. McKAY moved to take up the civil and di-
plomatic appropriation bill.
The CHAIR said the question would be put first
on taking up the bill named by the gentleman from
South Carolina, [Mr. Black,] viz: the bill to regu-
late the pay of the army; and
On taking this question, it was decided in the
affirmative—ayes 63, noes 49.
So the bill was taken up, and read through by
sections, for the purpose of being amended.
On motion by Mr. BLACK, some amendments
were made to correct an error in printing the bill in
relation to the pay of the adjutant general and as-
sistant adjutant general.
The Clerk then progressed with the reading of
several sections of the bill.
Mr. PETTIT moved to strike out the word
"chaplains," and leaving the appropriation for this
purpose for the payment of "piofessors of ethics."
Mr. P. made some remarks, intended to show the
absurdity, and alluding to the unconstitutionality of
the employment of chaplains under government.
The section fixing the pay of captains of dragoons
at $105 per month, being under consideration,
On motion of Mr. J. A. BLACK, an
amendment was adopted to increase the pay to
$112 50.
On motion of Mr. BLACK, an amendment was
adopted to insert the name of "military storekeepers,"
among those officers entitled to receive one ration
per day.
An amendment of Mr. Black to the 7th section,
having been amended, on motion of Mr. FISH,
was agreed to.
Mr. BLACK moved an amendment to increase
the salary of storekeepers of ordnance, from $1,250
to $1,500: agreed to.
Mr. FISH moved an amendment to the 12th
section, providing for the discharge of supernumerary
lieutenants, (fee. <Xrc., the object of which he explain-
ed to be, to effect an large a reduction of the number
as proposed in the bill,\ ut by the different mode of
disbanding a sufficient number of the graduating
class? of cadets, instead of those who had served two
or three years in the army, and providing for the
gradual absorption of the supernumerary officers of
the army, (so that the result would be the same in
twelve or eighteen months,) instead of their imme-
diate dischaige.
Mr. F. further explained and advocated the
amendment.
Mr. BLACK opposed the amendment in few
words.
The question was taken, and the amendment was
rejected.
On motion by Mr. J. A. BLACK, a further
amendment was made, to make the time of service
of the cadets five years instead of four.
On motion of Mr. J. A. BLACK, the committee
rose, and reported the bill to the House.
The question being on concurring in the amend-
ments made m Committee of the Whole,
Mr. J. A. BLACK moved the previous question;
which was seconded by the House, and the main
question ordered,
The question was then put on concurring in the
amendments made in Committee of the Whole; and
it was decided in the affirmative, without a division.
The question being on ordering the bill to be en-
grossed for a third reading,
On motion of Mr. DUNCAN,
The House then adjourned.
The following notices of petitions presented to-
day, were handed to the reporters by the members
presenting them:
By Mr. TVLER: The petition of John P. Shearman and
others*, of the county of Chautauque, New \ork, praying
for the abolition of slavery and the slave trade in the Dis-
trict of Columbia, aud the Territories of the United States.
By Mr. ALBERT SMITH: The memorial of I>. S Curtis
and others, citizens of Perry, New York, against the annex-
ation of Texas as slave territory. Also the petition of W.
J. Chapin, and other citizens of Perry, New York, for uni-
form and cheap postage, and entire abolition of the franking
privilege. Also the petition of D S. Curtis and others, citi-
zens of Perry, New i ork, praying for the abolition of slave-
iy in the District of Columbia.
By J. BROWN: The petition of sundry citizens of Ches-
ter and Lancaster counties, Pennsylvania, praying for the
establishment of a new post roadlrom Peiiningtonville, m
Chester county, to the Buck, iu Lancaster county, Pennsyl-
vania.
By Mr. BOWER: The petition of Benjamin Fourmana
and 23 others, pray ing Congress to permit the inhabitants of
township n9, range 1*2, to relinquish to the United States the
16th section of said township, and to enter in hen thereof"
the same quantity of other unappropriated land belonging
to the government: referred to the Committee on Public
Lands. The petition of John Peoples and SI others, pray-
ing Congress to permit the inhabitants of township 59, range
U, to relinquish to the United States the 16th section of said
township, and to enter in lieu thereof the same quantity of
other unappropriated lands belonging to the government:
referred to the Committee on Public Lands.
IN SENATE.
Mouuay, February 17, 1845.
The PRESIDENT pro, tem. laid before the Sen-
ate a report from the War Department, communi-
cating, in compliance with a resolution of the Sen-
ate, information in possession of that department of
the most practicable mode of facilitating the ap-
proach to the mineral region of Lake Superior;
which,
On motion by Mr. WOODBRIDGE, was ordered
to be printed. He further moved the printing of
1,000 copies extra. The motion was referred to the
Committee on Printing,
Mr. DiX presented a petition from sundry citi-
zens of Livingston county, New York, praying the
reduction of the rates of postage, and the discon-
tinuance of the franking privilege: ordered to lie on
the table.
Also presented a petition from citizens of Che-/
nango county, New York, praying that Texas may
not be annexed to the United States; that slavery
may be abolished in the District of Columbia, and
the slave trade between the several States; and that
the laws of the United States now in force m their
Territories may be extended over Oregon Territory,
and that measures may be adopted for securing to
the United States the acquisition of the province of
Canada.
The question of reception being raised on the
slavery portion of the petition, it was ordered to lie •
on the table.
Also presented a memorial from .Tames McKown
and others, members of the bar and the judiciary in
the State of New York, praying that the reports of
the decisions of the Supreme Court maybe pub-
lished by Congress, and placed in the possession of
the bar and the people of the several States and Ter-
ritories: ordered to he on the table.
On motion by Mr. DIX, it was ordered that leave
be given to John H. Sherburne and Hugh Dobbin
to withdraw their petitions and papers fioni the filer-,
of the Senate.
Mr. EVANS presented a memorial from sundry
inhabitants of Leeds, Maine, remonstrating against
the annexation of Texas to the United States: order-
ed to lie on the table.
Mr. HUNTINGTON presented a memorial from
the inhabitants of Burlington, Connecticut, praying
that every proposition for the annexation of Texas
may be rejected: ordered to lie on the table.
Mr. TAPPAN presented resolutions of the citi-
zens of Thomville, Perry county, Oluo; which were
read, and ordered to be printed, as follows:
"Resolvrd, That in the opinion of the meeting, the United
States should take immediate steps for the sole occupation
and settlement ol the Oregon Territory.
"J. That tlve United States ought not to refuse so gi eat an
acquisition as the annexation of Texas.
"3. That our senators in Congiess ought not to be bound
by the instructions of the whig lejjislatuio on the subject of
annexation, us the whig1? have heretofore denied the risrht of
instruction, and justified Mr. Ewing, when Un.ted States
senator, in relusmg to abide by the express wishes of the
legislature.
""4. That should the democrats agree to be bound by whig
instructions, whilst the whigs refuse to pay an) attention
to those of the dcinociats, the latter would labor un-
der all the disadvantages of instruction, while the form or
would possess all its advantages. Such a system would be
bad for want oi mutuality.
"5. That when the whigs prescribe a dose for others w hie.li,
under the same circumstances, they have refused ta\e Diem-
selves, they act the part of quacks, who. it is notorious, al-
ways decline swallowing their own phj sic. We hope our
senators will not be humbugged by any such charlatanry "
Mr. JOHNSON presented a memorial from 45
citizens of Pennsylvania, praying that the naturali-
zation laws may be so altered as to requiie a resi-
dence of foreigners of 21 years before they shall be
admitted to the rights of citizenship: referred to the
Committee on the Judiciary.
Mr. ASHLEY'presented a petition from E. B.
Elliott and 87 citizens of Arkansas, praying for the
establishment of a mail route from Columbia to the
seat of justice of Union county, Arkansas:, re-
ferred to tli$ Committee on the Post Office and Post
Roads.
Mr. ASHLEY, on leave, introduced the following
joint resolution as a substitute for that previously
introduced by him for the annexation of Texas;
which was ordered to be printed, viz:
Be it resolved by the Senate arid House of Representatives of
the-United States of America in Congress assembled, That
the republic of Texas, by the name and style of "the
State of Texas," be received and admitted into this Union,
upon the same footing with the original States in all respects
whatever, upon the following conditions:
1. That a convention, duly called by the constituted au-
thorities thereof, shall so modify or amend the existing
constitution of said Republic, as to adopt it toihe constitu-
tion of the United States.
•2. That it shall also be so amended as to provide that said
State may be divided into new States, not exceeding five in
number, to be received and admitted into the Union, in
conformity to the constitution of the United States, upon
the same footing with the original States.
3. That the United States be authorized to adjust and set-
tle all questions of boundary which may arise with other
governments
4. That all fortifications, barracks, navy and navy-yards,
docks, magazines, arms, and accoutrements, all mines,
minerals, salt lakes and springs, all public edifices, ex-
cept the capitol, court-houses, jails, and.other buildings
adapted to State, county, and other local purposes, and all
other property and means appertaining to the public de-
fence, belonging to said republic, not including the public
funds, debts, taxes, and dues ol every description, be ceded
to tho United States.
!> That all the public lands within the limits of said re-
public be pledged to the payment ot its debt, and trans-
fnired to the United States m trust, to be sold end disposed
of m the same manner as the public lands of the tinted
States, and the proceeds thereol be applied to the payment
ol said debts, alter deducting the expense incident to the
management and sale thereof; and after the final discharge
ot the whole amount of said dent, the residue thereof shall
be annually paid to the State ol Texas, unless other States
shall be formed within her limits; in such case, it shall be
apportioned and paid, respectively, in proportion to their
representation in Congress: P> ovidtd, Tliotm no event shall
said debt be assumed by or become a charge upon the tinned
states.
d. That a commission of four shall be appointed, two
by the United States, and t\\ o by the State of Te\a.« ,
who .e duty it shall be to ascertain tW debts of Texas; and
there shall be paid an annual salary ofthiee thousand dol-
lars to each of said commissioners, m lieu of all other
compensation whatever, wluch w ith all other expenses in-
cidental to said comrni>sion, shall be paid out of the pioceeds
ol the lands. That the United State? shall proscribe such
rules and regulations ior the government ol the com-
missioners, and lor the com enieni and piorept pajment of
said dvbts, as nut) be access.n*> , it bony undei&tuoJ, th it
Toms mav detrude ^ueh debis as she may desire to 1 e
fust paid, not exceeding the sum of the hundred thousand
dolldis.
7th That such State or States us may be formed out of
that portion of said territon which lies horth ol tlnrtj-Mx
duress and Unity minutes-of north latitude, shall be sub-
ject to the provisions ot the 8th section ot ihe act of Congress
of Wlh March. Ibiu, commonly called and known as the
iMissoun compromise; but such State or States as may lie
loimed out of that portion of said territory which lies south
of tMrty-sIv degrees thirty mumtes north latitude shall be
admitted into the Union w ith or without the provision spe-
ciliod m said 8th scction, as the people of each State, from
the qreat dnoivity of paid climato and products, may
desire.
Mr. DICKINSON presented resolutions of the
Chamber of Commerce of the city of New York, re-
questing the senators and representatives from the
State ol Now York to urge an appropriation for the
improvement of the Hudson river: ordered to lie on
the table.
Also presented a petition from George C. Lewis
and others, of Iftica, Onondaga county, New York,
praying for a reduction of the rates of postage; and
a^petition of the inhabitants of Erie county, New
York, praying for the annexation of Canada simul-
taneously with Texas; which were ordered to lie on
the table.
Mr. FOSTER, from the Committee on Claims,
reported back without amendment, and with a rec-
ommendation that it do pass, the bill from the House
for the relief of the legal representatives of Alexan-
der Mitchell.
Mr NILES, from the Committee on the Post Of-
fice and Post Roads, reported back without amend-
ment, and with a recommendation that it do pass,
the bill from the House for the relief of the Bank of
the Metropolis.
Mr. BAGBY, from the Committee on Territories,
reported back without amendment, and with a rec-
ommendation that they do pass, the House bill for the
construction and improvement of certain roads in
the Temtory of Wisconsin; and the House bill sup-
plementary to the act for laying off the towns of Fort
Madison, Burlington, Bcllevieu, Dubuque, &e.
Mr. ARCHER, from the Committee on Foreign
Relations, made an adverse report (which was or-
