Congressional gLobe.
297
with us in the great business of self-government;
and when this government, which had been in exist-
ence fifty years, without stain or reproach, had never,
to his certain knowledge,seized upon a foot of land be-
longing to any neighbor, oranyremote government—
had never, by felonious seizure, taken a particle of
property of that description, upon any of the many
occasions which had occured to tempt such
cupidity, if it existed! When they had it in their
power to obtain by seizure distant islands and
distant provinces, they forbore; they disdained to
make use of that power. They wished for no ac-
quisition of that sort. We desired no fraterniza-
tion, unless with those powers which wished to
fraternize with us. and partake of our institutions,
unless they could . be connected by the free
principles of our government—not taken ,by
seizure. When gentlemen talked about Patago-
nia and the Celestial Empire coming into
this Union, as he had heard suggested more than
once, let them look back into our constitutional his-
tory, and see if it is possible, for this government to
embrace any nation, unless that nation be willing to
come m and adopt our republican institutions.
And where does this charge come from—the
charge that we are aggrandising ourselves at the
expense of a great principle of national law, and in
violation of the rights of neighboring countries.'
From a nation from whom we had never, sincc our
independence, obtained a foot of property—from a
nation which had seized upon lands, provinces, and
regions of country in every quarter of the habitable
globe; and who had blotted over the map of the
world with her forts of defence and offence, as we
have with light-houses on our coasts, to protect and
to save. When Poland was disbanded—when
Affghanistan was seized upon—that was only a
nine days' wonder, and 110 complaint, no in-
terference, was heard from us. But when we
merely express our assent, (as the gentle-
man from Pennsylvania [Mr. Buchanan] had
said; when we merely consent that another
country may unite with us in government'—
and that country formed of one hundred thousand
of our brethren, our kith and kin, men who had
worshipped at the same altars with us, who had
been educated at the same school, trained up to the
same republican principles, who had fought with us
at New Orleans and Chippewa;—when we merely
consent that they may come into our Union and
participate in the blessings of our institutions,—
one would suppose that, the elements of our re-
publican government were to melt with apolitical
heat, and chaos was to come again. He repelled
all such inferences and attacks. He stood here to
say that he was as jealous of our constitutional
privileges and forms of government as any man on
the other side of the house. lie yielded that they
were patriotic in their motives, and claimed that his
side were also patriotic. North, South, East, and
West—such portions of them as belonged to the
party with which it was his pride to act—were as
jealous on this subject, and held the constitution as
sacred, as any who charged them with an attempt
to trample upon it by means of a high-handed,
fleeting majority. What, {hen, were these consid-
erations as to expediency, and what were they as to
constitutional rights' Had we not travelled over
this whole subject of expediency at a former session'
had it not gone out to the world? had not the whole
nation been agitated by it during the recent presi-
dential canvass? and was it not as well understood
now as it could be by a year's further discussion?
After all this, would gentlemen stand here and deny
the general expediency of a measure of this kind—
the expediency of sustaining the general defence of
this country, by uniting with a people in our neigh-
borhood, who ask the liberty to become incorpoia-
ted with us, and enter into our measures for sclf-
protection and self-defence? Our fathers settled, in
the old Congress, the great question, after long de-
bate, that our people, for the general defence, might
cross the Alleghanies, and that they might go to the
Mississippi, and should be free to navigate that river,
and be free to navigate the great outlet. That people
we are bound to protect. We are bound, also, to carry
outthe very first object in our constitution—the pro-
tection of domestic tranquillity. We are bound to
protect the institutions of our country, and the prop-
erty of our fellow-citizens; and whether our people
be on the plains of Savannah, or the prairies of the
West, while the constitution lasts we are bound to
pratect them; and gentlemen, when they assail a
proposition which tends to carry out that object of
the constitution, assail the constitution itself, and not
merely the proposition. Do we not know, also,
that we are bound to protect the frontier in every di-
rection from the tomahawk and the torch of the sav-
age, and that the policy of this government had
driven the Indians upon that remote frontier. Was
it not our duty to protect the settler from their at-
tacks, and see that he is not butchered in his cabin.
And yet gentlemen say there are no grounds of ex-
pediency in this measure. He passed by^all these
arguments, however. The great object, Re appre-
hended, in this discussion, and that which was most
important, was the question whether the constitu-
tion would admit of the accomplishment of this
proposition in the mode contemplated. It was
said that it might be in better form, because it
asks the asspnt of Texas. lis had 110 doubt that it
might be better in a different form; but let him tell
gentlemen that, if Texas was to be admitted upon
an equal footing with the other States, was it not
as proper to ask her consent as that the constitution
should have asked the consent of Virginia, New
York, and other States? And when you bring it in
as a government, not as a territory, does she not
comc in upon an equality with the original States?
And let him say, also, Texas never would refuse
her consent to divide her territory upon a general
constitutional law. How was it the great States
had uever refused their consent to divide? Where
was the want of consent from the Old Diminion to
the division of Kentucky?—of North Carolina to the
division of her territory into new States?—of Mas-
sachusetts to the division of Maine? You let New
York, the Empire State—let her people (for he ad-
mitted that this was a government of people, as well
us of States) rise and say that she should be di-
vided for the interests of the people, and New York,
as a State, nssented to the proposition. Were
they not, like Texas, consulted upon this
division? This proposition to consult Texas
upon the division of her territory he
alluded to because it rarne from the other branch of
Congress with a decided majority. It was said, as
another objection to this bill, that the lands and In-
dians cannot be managed as well by Texas as by
the general government. He granted it. He would
prefer, in that respect, the proposition of the honora-
ble senator from Arkansas, [Mr. Ashley;] but he
did maintain that the proposition now under con-
sideration gets rid of one great objection to this an-
nexation; and that is, that we do not assume the
debts of Texas. They are now left to be paid by i
Texas herself. They must be left so, because j
otherwise it would involve insurmountable objec-
tions throughout the whole country. As it stands
now, it gets rid of all that. Can we do justice to
Texas in that May? It is snid, truly, we takeaway
her custom-house; but if her lands were one quarter
sold, she would have ample means to extinguish her
debt to the dollar; and, of course, these lands in-
crease in value upon being united to ours. Is there
any impropriety to the creditor in this? Is there
any impropriety in making a convenience of
her custom-houses when enough is left be-
hind to secure them? I-Ic would pass by all that
with a single word as to its respectfulness. If
we had never had any communication with Texas
upon thin mutter, there might be something disre-
spectful m it. But in what position do we stand?
Have we not been negotiated with, have we not un-
derstood each other from the beginning? Is it dis-
respectful that a co-ordinate branch ofthe government
should act upon it? The great question then is, is it,
or is it not, constitutional to annex Texas, or rather
consent to her admission, in the manner proposed in
this resolution? Now, if he understood the report
from the Committee on Foreign Relations, and the
speeches of the two gentlemen who had addressed
the Senate within a few days past, [Messrs. More-
head and Rives,] the first objection urged was, that
Congress cannot admit new States into the Union
which are not territory already belonging to the
Union. That was one branch of the opposition. An-
other branch of opposition was, that we cannot ad-
mit States into the Union by an act of Congress,
although before territory within the United States,
because it was not within the Union in 1789.
[Mr. Arciilu said, from his seat, that the gentle-
man was perfectly right in regaid to the first objec-
tion, but not in regard to the second.]
Well, sir, what do we say oil this side? That
you may admit new States, by an act of Congress
into this Union, whether they were territory in
the Union or not previous to the passage of this
act, and whether it was in the Union or not in 1789.
That was the difference between us. But it was not
enough to state the difference, but upon what
grounds they say on the other side that we cannot
admit States into the Union, unless they were an
existing part ofthe territory of the Union. They
say that the treaty-making power is the only power
that can bring territory into the Union winch was not
before -in it. We say you can bring it in either by
the treaty-making power or by act of Congress.
But when they come to reason upon the constitu-
tion in support of their arguments, they resort
to construction and implication to sustain them,
in interpreting a clause in the constitution which
requires no interpretation: "New States may be
admitted by the Congress into the Union." Now,
if new States can be admitted by the Congress into
the Union, we of course admit lands and people;
and let him ask the chairman of the committee, [Mr.
Archer,] what do States mean in this case? Sup-
pose the constitution had said new lands and people
may be admitted into the Union by the Congress:
where would be the difference? And what do gen-
tlemen say to this plain language of the constitu-
tion? They say you must not take the plain lan-
guage of the constitution, but take it in this way:
Before you admit new lands into the Union, you
must go buy those lands; thus interpolating this
clause in the constitution, or raising it up, in order
to batter down an express clause. How, then, did
each side stand upon this subject? Upon this side
they stood as they had always stood—supporting
the constitution in its express grants. Wherever
they were express, they wished to carry them out.
How did they stand on the other side? They stood
not upon the words of the constitution, but upon
whatever implication and construction they chose
to make from it. This was building up an implied
meaning in order to batter down an express one.
Which of the great parties of this country had al-
ways stood up for the rights of the people of the
States and of Congress against executive encroach-
ment' He would tell gentlemen that the very con-
test here was a contest between the powers of Con-
gress, as given to Congress by the people, and the
powers of the executive at the other end of the
avenue. It was well known that gentlemen on the
other side always had the disposition to increase
the executive power. We did not contend that
Congress held in its hands the treaty-making power.
One would suppose, from the arguments, that the
Senate and House of Representatives were trying
to steal from the executive the power to make trea-
ties. What was the contest? It is whether you
shall arm, by construction, this executive with the
power to repeal the express language of the constitu-
tion, and give him a power which belongs to the
two Houses of Congress. He intended to meet the
arguments from the other side with firmness. He
would neither dodge nor flinch. Why did they
argue that the constitution gives the treaty-making
power to the executive? Had it ever been denied
that the executive had the power to make treaties?
Had we denied it from the foundation of thegoi-
ernment?
In order to show that he stated the very same
thing which gentlemen had urged, he had before
him Mr. Madison's resolution, showing that
the House of Representatives did not claim any
agency in making treaties. [Mr. W. here quoted
from the Journal of the House the extract to which
he referred.]
And upon what grounds, then, did the honorable
senator from Virginia say that the House, in pass-
ing these resolutions, were assuming an executive
power? In adopting these resolutions, did it not
leave the ratification of treaties to the Senate as it
was before? Gentlemen will say how can this be
when the Senate refused to ratify the treaty of
Texas at the last session, when the matter was re-
ferred to them? He would explain the difference.
In that case the attempt, by treaty, was not to ad-
mit Texas into this Union. No such proposition
was made. We might buy one acre or a million
of acres of territory by treaty, but that was not ad-
mitting her into the Union as a State. There
was no proposition in that treaty to admit
her into the Union as a State. He said then,
when that treaty was pending, that if ever
she was admitted as a State, it must be by Con-
gress. That was what was now undertaken to
be done. Do we propose to admit her as a Territo-
ry, not as a State? On the contrary, the treaty is
repudiated, and we proceed to-admit her as a S'tate
by this resolution. At the last session of Congress
we were acting under the grant in the constitution
given to the treaty-making power. He need not
