208
CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
talk of that. We were now acting upon the power
conferred upon Congress, and not upon the treaty-
making power, to admit new States. Gentlemen,
therefore, made nothing by saying that we refused
to ratify the treaty presented to us at the last session
of Congress. There was no treaty before us now.
It was an entirely different subject—that of making
Texas a State. ' It was different in substance,
- as well as in form. Now the attempt is made to de-
ny to Congress this express grant. The gentlemen
talked about this section of the constitution as being
a short one. He asked the honorable chairman of
the committee, [Mr. Archer,] how long is the
section which gives the treaty-making power to the
President? and how many express grants are there in
that clause? He had it before him. "The President
shall have power, by and with the advice and con-
sent of the Senate, to make treaties." Just two
and a half lines ! Where was the express grant to
bring in a State, or even a territory? Upon what
did he found that express grant' This merely con-
ferred the power to make treaties. But treaties up-
on what? That was the question. On looking into
the report, he saw that the inference was, that
this power could be exercised upon all matters
connected with the general welfare. Only let us
make treaties in what concerns the general welfare,
and that whole clause, which has been known from
the foundation of the government, gives an express
power to do anything by a treaty for the general
welfare! The clause in relation to the general wel-
fare is given to Congress and the people, and not to
the President and the Senate. "Congress shall
have power to lay and collect taxes, duties, imposts,
and excises, to pay the debts and provide for the
common defence and general welfare of the United
States." If any inference can be drawn from that,
it is an inference in favor of the power of Congress;
whereas, on the other side, they have drawn an in-
ference in favor of the grant of the power to the
President and the Senate. Was there any ground
for objection against this express grant to admit
new States, because it was embraced in so short a
space? Why, he must tell the honorable chairman
of the committee that his report covered double,
treble the space of the whole constitution itself, and
that many of the most important grants in this in-
strument are in three or four words.
The gentleman from Virginia said that the grant
was hid in an obscure corner. It was in the very
place where it should be; it was among the affairs
and arrangements as to States, and there it should
be, and there it was distinctly and fully. And let
him remark that one of the great beauties of that in-
strument, like the beauty of the Scripture, was its
brevity and terseness; and such was its precision
that it had never been found necessary to make an
alteration in it, except in relation to the mode of
electing the President, and a clause concerning
foreign nobility. It lias answered all the objects for
which it was designed, notwithstanding that brevity.
Did this treaty-making power relate particularly
to foreign or exterior relations? There was no such,
language in the constitution. Most of the powers
given to Congress were for foreign purposes—for-
eign relations; leaving the domestic purposes and do-
mestic relations to the different States.
While the gentlemen on the other side are obliged
to resort to inference for what they maintain—name-
ly: that it is only by the President and Senate that
Texas can be admitted—he (Mr. W.) and his
friends maintained the power of Congress to do it
bv an express grant in the constitution. On one
side, all depended upon inference; on the other, on
the words of the constitution itself. It is an ex-
press power, just as murh as the enumerated pow-
ers of declaring war or making regulations concern-
ing commerce. The declaration of war related to
foreign affairs, and so did regulations of commerce.
On various occasions, from the beginning of the
government, Congress took action m relation to foi-
iien loans. In all these instances, would it be con-
tended that the power of Congress to act ought to
hp taken awav and given solely to the executive and
Senate " ll was a strange doctrine that the express
powers of Congress, under the constitution, should
Ee broken down on the plea that the transfer of them
to the executive and Senate would give greater^se-
curity to the people for the exercise of those pow-
ers when it was the sovereignty of the States was
represented in the Senate, and the control olf th
people's immediate representatives in the Hous
of Representatives was taken away.
Another strange doctrine on the othei
that what was usual to be done by other nations by
treaty, in relation to their adjustments with foreign
powers, was to be inferred as the intention of the
constitution in relation to this government. But let
this matter be tested. Did Mr: Jefferson—as the
arguments of the senators from Kentucky and Vir-
ginia would seem to imply—hold that the treaty-
making power, vested in the executive, with the as-
sent of the Senate, absorbed all the powers of the
government in relation to foreign concerns, leaving
Congress without any exercise of power on such
subjects? No; there was nothing inconsistent in his
views with the doctrine which he (Mr. W.) and his
friends held, that the executive and Senate may, by
the treaty-making power, accomplish anything in
relation to subjects of treaty with foreign powers
which Congress is not empowered by the constitu-
tion to do; and although in some instances the
treaty-making power may do what Congress also
may do, if that is considered more convenient and
advisable, yet the power of Congress to carry out
its express grants in relation to foreign affairs is "not
either abrogated or lessened by the exercise of the
treaty-making power.
There is no analogy between the powers under
our constitution and the custom or usage of other
nations which either have no written constitution
or have no legislation, or, if they have, legislation of
a very limited character, because the power of
declaring war, making treaties, &c., in monarchies,
is vested in the King or Emperor, and the legisla-
tive body, if any, exercises no control. The French
ruler transferred Louisiana to us without consult-
ing the people of Prance, or their representatives,
as did the King of Spain Florida. Kings and
Emperors in the Old World have sold and trans-
ferred territory upon territory, with the people,
like a flock of sheep. But can anything of that
kind be done here, by implication or otherwise,
because it i3 a custom in Europe? All we can do is
to admit, with its own consent, a neighboring coun-
try, under a republican form of government, willing
to abide by and support our institutions, to a par-
ticipation m our Union. This can only be done
by the consent of the people of the State applying
for admission, but not otherwise. They could not
be transferred into the Union by treaty, according
to the usage of monarchies, when the people trans-
ferred are not consulted. This matter of following
the usages of monarchies might lead to great ab-
surdities. For instance, suppose the chairman of
the Committee on Foreign Relations [Mr. Archer]
became the chief executive officer of this government,
and, (being a bachelor,) should make a matrimonial
negotiation with the fair daughter of some foreign
court: would he think of sending a treaty to the
Senate for ratification, by which the State of Maine
or the State of Arkansas was to be settled 011 the
bride as a dowry' [Great laughter, in which Mr.
Archer heartily joined.] Yet nothing was more
common than treaties of marriage and dowry be-
tween European nations.
The true principle was this: that Congress exer-
cises the powers gwen to it in the constitution, till it
meets with some obstacle, when it has to stop; and
if these powers are not sufficient to carry it further,
the treaty-making power comes in and helps to com-
plete what otherwise should remain imperfect.
When Congress, exercising its granted powers,
comes to a stage when it cannot perfect its legisla-
tion, the treaty-making power is called in to do that
which legitimately it alone can do. The old confed-
eration met with no such impediments, for it exer-
cised the treaty-making power itself.
Now, although Congress has power, under the
constitution, to make commercial regulations with
foreign nations—and that the power has been fre-
quently exercised, is proved by the various laws on
our statute book in relation to our commerce with
Great Britain, which has a legislative body to pass
laws consenting to and accepting our legislative pro-
visions,—yet, in cases where there is no one to treat
with but an imperial ruler, such as the Emperor of
Russia, the Imaum of Muscat, or the Emperor of
China, such regulations must be made by the treaty-
making power, because there are no legislative bodies
in those countries to pass recipient laws, such as we
should pass by the legislation of Congress, m the
exercise of the constitutional power.
But, in reference to the treaty-making power ex-
ercised by the old confederation—why was it taken
away ana conferred upon the executive and Senate.
Not, certainly, because there was less security m a
majority of Congress, and the approval of the Presi-
dent, than there would be in the President and ben-
ate alone, but because it was found extremely in-
convenient in practice; and therefore, merely for the
sake of convenience and simplification, the treaty-
making power was vested in the executive, by and
with the«onsent of the Senate. Even then, Patrick
Henry, thinkingthere was more safety in the parti-
cipation of Congress, wished the House of Repre-
sentatives to have the power of assenting to treaties.
At the Hartford convention the proposition was,
that the assent of both Houses should be required
by a majority of two-fifths.
It was plain that, in relation to the laws of Con-
gress regulating our commerce with the British col-
onies, we have been carrying out an express power
of the constitution in reference to foreign matters of
negotiation and compaot; but had there not been a
foreign legislative body to be a party to these regu-
lations, the subject should have been left to the trea-
ty-making power—our legislative power remaining
unexercised because of the obstacle presented, but
not impaired. Where, however, the legislative
power can be exercised—as, for instance, m those
colonial regulations—would any gentleman contend
it ought not to be exercised, because the same thing
could be done by treaty? or would any gentleman
contend that there was more safety anil security to
our people in the action of the treaty than in the
action of Congress in the matter
It is maintained, on the other side, that all the pre-
cedents we have, since the beginning of this govern-
ment, in relation to the acquisition of foreign terri-
tory, have been founded on the exercise of the
treaty-making power. So they are, and very prop-
erly, according to the rule laic^ down, and already
explained. Our legislation could not be responded
to oy France or Spain, as they had 110 legislative
bodies corresponding with our Congress; and if
they had, the negotiation with them was for
territory alone—the application for transfer to us not
coming from the people, but the acquisition of the
mere territory , being our object, for our national se-
curity. The treaty-making power was properly
exercised; and, although the first of these pre-
cedents occurred in 1803, it was not till 1819, six-
teen years afterwards, that a portion of the territory
acquired was admitted into the Union; and then it
was done by Congress, agreeably to iis expressed
power in the constitution. A long interval was al-
lowed for such foreigners as chose to remain 011 the
territory to become Americanized, to leurn the
principles and operations of our institutions,
that they might unite with our own population
settling there, in due time, for applying for ad-
mission into the Union.
Gentlemen opposite rely much on arguments
founded on their view of Mr. Jefferson's opinions; but
he (Mr. W.) could tell them that Mr. Jefferson was
stronger authority against them than for them. All
the eloquence of the senator from Kentucky [Mr.
Morehkab] and the senator from Virginia [Mr.
Rives J seemed to aim at proving, through Mr. Jef-
ferson, directly the contrary of what they them-
selves admit—that annexation by treaty is constitu-
tional. Now, whatever opinions or doubts Mr.
Jefferson at first hold on the subject, it was well
known that he subsequently came into the views
entertained by Mr. Madison, who made no hesitation
of signing a bill admitting a new State into the
Union.
Mr. MOREHEAD interposed to called the atten-
tion of the senator from New Hampshire to Mr.
Nicholas's letter to Mr. Jefferson and Mr. Jeffer-
son's answer.
Mr. WOODBURV, in continuation, remarked
that the question discussed in those letters was the
acquisition of territory; the question of the admis-
sion of new States did not arise till nine years after-
wards. Mr. Jefferson was not, like Mr. Nicholas
or Mr. Madison, a member of the convention, and
therefore not so well acquainted with the grounds of
argument which had prevailed in it. But even if
the inference drawn from Mr. Jefferson's opinions
were fairly deducible from them, the cases are not
parallel ones. The propriety of admitting territory
by treaty, and new States by legislation, cannot be
treated as the same issue. The treaty-making pow-
er and legislative power, in those different cases, are
not in conflict.
Now, with regard to the arguments urged on the
other side, that the convention never intended to
give the power of admitting new States formed out
of foreign territory, did not the history given the
other day, by the senator from Pennsylvania, prove
that the subject was very elaborately debated m
convention; and that, although the first draft and
I subsequent amendments of the fourth article 01 tne
