$00
CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE
ry in the instance of Louisiana? Will it not now,
in the instance of Texas, be the same? What
changes in our form of government have taken place
within the half century of our existence? Not one.
Contrast this fact with the course of events for the
same period in the Old-World governments, which
boast of their stability for centuries upon centuries.
In England we have seen two revolutions—one that
of Catholic emancipation, the other that of the re-
form laws affecting the franchise and representation
of the people. In France we have seen revolutions
from an old worn-out monarchy to republicanism;
from that to an empire; then to a restoration of
monarchy, and finally to a new dynasty. In Spain
there has been little else but continual change of
government.
Was it nothing in favor of this resolution that it
would put an end to the excitement on the subject?
that it would quiet the turmoil raging through the
Union, and calm those jealousies which have caused
such heartburnings in sectional portions of the
country?
There are many points of argument which should
be touched upon, if time permitted; but they would
doubtless be ably handled by others. In conclu-
sion, he would say that, in every view he could con-
sider the question at issue, he felt convinced the
measure of annexation was not only constitutional
in the manner proposed, but in the highest degree
expedient. And this was not all. He was free to
confess he had a wish of the heart on the subject.
There is, (said Mr. W.,) at this moment, an aged and
hallowed veteran in his country's service, now at
the Hermitage, whose flickering lamp of life is fast
burning out, while we tarry. He looks with anx-
iety to this great consummation of his patriotic
hopes. Most ardently do I hope he may not pass
beyond the "bourne from which no traveller re-
t irns," till he has witnessed the annexation of the
"lone star" of Texas to this Union.
Mr. CHOATE next obtained the floor; and, on
his motion, the subject was informally passed over.
Mr. BAYARD reported a bill from the Commit-
tee on Naval Affairs. It was read, and placed on
the calendar.
On motion ofMr. MILLER, the House bill, re-
ported from the Commitee on the District of Co-
lumbia, for changing the time of holding the circuit
and criminal courts of th« county of Washington,
was taken up for consideration as in committee of
the whole; but,
On motion of Mr. BERRIEN, who intimated he
had some amendment to offer, it was laid on the ta-
ble for the present.
On motion of Mr. ATCHISON, the Senate bill
for the relief of J. S. Throckmorton was taken up,
considered, and ordered to be engrossed and read a
third time.
On motion by Mr. EVANS, the House bill ex-
planatory of the bill making appropriations for the
civil and diplomatic services of the year 1835, was
taken up, read a third time, and passed.
On motion by Mr. SEVIER, the Senate bill for
the relief of George Duval was taken up, consider-
ed, and ordered to be engrossed and read a third
time.
On motion by Mr. BAYARD, the House bill for
the relief of Peter Von Schmidt was taken up, con-
sidered, read a third time, and passed.
On motion by Mr. BAYARD, the Senate bill to
amend an act entitled "An act making appropria-
tions for the naval service for the fiscal year ending
the 30th of June, 1845," was taken up, considered,
and ordered to be engrossed and read a third time.
On motion of Mr. BARROW, the Senate bill to
authorize a relocation of land warrants, numbers 3,
4, and 5, granted by Congress to General Lafayette,
was taken up, considered, and ordered to be en-
grossed and read a third time.
On motion of Mr. UPHAM, the Senate bill for
the payment of the 4th regiment in the 2d brigade
of the 3d division of the Vermont militia, for ser-
vices in the battle ofPlattsbargh, was taken up, con-
sidered, and ordered to be engrossed, and read a
thOn motion of Mr. BATES, the Senate bill re-
turned from the House, with an amendment the
bill providing" for distributing five hundred copies of
the books on the exploring expedition—was taken
up, and, on motion of Mr. TAPPAN, the House
amendment was referred to the Committee on the
Librarv
The amendment of the House to the Senate joint
resolution, to suspend part of the third section of
the joint resolution of the 11th September, 1841,
relating to armories, was concurred in.
The Senate then went into executive business,
and soon after adjourned.
HOUSE OP REPRESENTATIVES.
Monday, February 17, 1845.
The journal having been read,
The SPEAKER laid before the House the fol-
lowing communications, viz:
A letter from the Second Auditor, transmitting
copies of such accounts, prepared in obedience to an
act of Congress of 30th June, 1834, as have been
rendered by persons charged with the disbursement
or application of moneys, goods, or effects, for the
benefit of the'Indians, from the 1st October, 1843,
to the 30th September, 1844, inclusive, together with
a statement containing a list of the names of all
persons to whom goods, money, or effects, have
been delivered within the same period: laid on the
table.
A letter from the Secretary of the Treasury,
transmitting, in compliance with the twentieth sec-
tion of the act of the 26th of August, 1842, a de-
tailed statement of the expenditure of the contingent
fund of that department for the year ending the
30th September last: Jaid upon the table.
A letter from the Secretary of War, transmitting,
in compliance with the act more effectually to pro-
vide for the national defence, by establishing a uni-
form militia throughout the United Stales, passed
March 2, 1803, an abstract from the returns of the
militia of the United States: laid upon the table.
A letter from the Secretary of the Treasury,
transmitting, in compliance with a resolution of the
House of the 6th instant, copies of all instructions
in reference to the collection of duties on wines,
coffee, or other articles of import, since the 1st day
of June last; which letter and copies were referred
to the Committee of Ways and Means.
Mr. RATHBQN, on Saturday last, from the
Committee of Ways and Means, reported a bill
(No. 609) to amend "An act concerning the govern-
ment and discipline of the penitentiary in the Dis-
trict of Columbia," passed March 3, 1829; and it
was read twice, and committed to the Committee of
the Whole House on the state of the Union. [This
notice was accidentally omitted in our report of
Saturday's proceedidgs.]
On motion by Mr. D. L. SEYMOUR, the bill
from the Senate, entitled "An act restricting the
grant of pensions in certain cases," was taken up,
the question being on the amendment reported by
the Committee on Revolutionary Pensions.
After some remarks from Messrs. D. L. SEY-
MOUR, McKAY, HAMLIN, and JOSEPH A.
WRIGHT, the question was taken on the amend-
ment, and it was decided in the afTu-mati re—-yeas
100, nays 54.
It was then read a third time, and passed.
HISTORY OF THE EXPLORING EXPEDITION.
The next was the joint resolution from the Sen-
ate, No. 11, for the distribution of the work on the
exploring expedition; which was amended, on the
motion of Mr. HAMMETT, by the addition of one
copy for the republic of Texas.
Mr. HALE moved an addition of one cofiy for
the republic of San Marino; which was negatived.
Mr. J. P. KENNEDY moved an amendment, for
the purpose of giving a copy to each midshipman
as well as the lieutenants employed in that expedi-
tion.
Mr. BURKE opposed the amendment. He said
the entire number at their disposal was but one hun-
dred copies, and this joint resolution disposed of
nearly sixty of that number.
Mr. J. P. KENNEDY advocated his amendment;
and, m doing so, set forth the meritorious services
of the class of officers he had designated, and the
claims they had on the consideration of the govern-
ment. He also stated that a printer's token of two
hundred and fifty copies could be printed for little
more than the sum which the one hundred copies
would cost; and he hoped that the number, there-
fore, would be increased.
He thought if there were favor to be shown to any
gentlemen, it should be to those belonging to the sci-
entific corps; and that it should also be extended to
the midshipmen as well as to other officers. In no
government had a similar enterprise been conducted
with greater skill or greater success. This was our
first attempt at an addition to nautical and general
knowledge, and he should be sorry to see it pass,
without some expression by Congress of approba-
tion. The expenses were very trifling, particularly
for additional copies—the types, plates, &c. having
been of necessity previously prepared for any num-
ber, however small, which might be published.
The SPEAKER stated that the amendment of
Mr. Kennedy would more properly come in in
another place.
The question was taken on Mr. Burke's' amend-
ment; and it was agreed to.
Mr. Kennedy's amendment, proposed to the sec-
ond section, now came up.
Mr. McDOWELL held if they were to make
presents to the officers, they should also to the sail-
ors. Upon their courage and their labors we must
rely. If the gentleman would go this length, he
(Mr. McD.) would unite with him in support of
this amendment.
Mr. SCHENCK, dissenting from th'e views of
the gentleman from Ohio, [Mr. McDowell,]-pro-
ceeded to argue the policy of the amendment, pro-
posing to give one copy of the account of this ex-
pedition to those officers who had performed it, and
who, in other governments, would have been
knighted, or otherwise signally honored. He
thought some mark of approbation and honor, es-
pecially when accompanied with so little expense,
should be given to these meritorious officers who
had so signally distinguished themselves in this ser-
vice. He objected to that portion of the amendment
which proposed the distribution of the smaller work
to the midshipmen, thus subjecting the government
to the purchase from Lieutenant Wilkes, with what-
ever profit he might see fit to charge, of a work for
the midshipmen, of which the muterial was their
own journals.
Mr. KENNEDY considered that the furnishing
the large work, comprising twenty to twenty-four
volumes, among all the officers, and the number
which he proposed ofthe small work, would not ex-
haust the number reserved by the government. He
gave notice of a further amendment, and of a reso-
lution he should move hereafter, if in order.
Mr. McKAY moved the previous question.
Mr. KENNEDY hoped it would not be second-
ed, as it would prevent lus offering the further
amendment of which he had spoken, and which
was a necessary part of the amendment already of-
fered.
Mr. K., however, on being informed by the Chair
that it would be in order, modified the pending
amendment so as to include both propositions. In
this form it proposes to add to the 2d section n pro-
viso for the distribution to each commissioned of-
ficer, and to each member of die scientific corps, one
copy of the work, and to the midshipmen employed
in the expedition one octavo; and it directs the
Library Committee to purchase fifty additional
copies of the larger edition, and as many of the
smaller edition as necessary to accomplish the ob-
ject proposed by these resolutions.
The question was taken on seconding the demand
for the previous question; and the vote stood—ayes
68, noes 34.
No quorum voting, the question was again taken
when it was decided in the affirmative—ayes 91,
noes 30-
The main question was then ordered, and being
taken on the amendment, it was rejected—yeas 65,
nays 104.
The question on ordering the resolution to be
engrossed for a third reading, was carried without a
division; and it was then read a third time and
passed.
The joint resolution from the Senate to authorize
the attorney general to contract for the proposed
edition of the laws of the United States, was taken
up.
Mr. BURKE moved to refer it to the Committee
of the Whole on the state of the Union.
Mr. BRODI1EAD inquired of the gentleman if
this resolution had been examined by the Commit-
tee on the Library.
Mr. BURKE replied that it had, and that it was
by their instructions he moved to refer it to the
Committee of the Whole.
Mr. Burke's motion was then agreed to.
The bill from the Senate providing for a free
bridge across the Eastern branch of the Potomac
was taken up; the question being on reconsidering
the vote by which it was laid on the table.
Mr. McKAY moved to lay the motion for ^con-
sideration on the table.
Mr. J. P. KENNEDY said that one of his col-
leagues who took an interest in the bill was absent^
