CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE
sot
and he asked that the question might be laid over by-
general consent.
Mr. McCONNELL objected; and
The yeas and nays were then taken, and resulted
thus: yeas 91, nays 75. So the motion to lay on the
table prevailed.
SURETIES OF SAMUEL SWARTWOUT.
The next bill was that which is designed to au-
thorize the Secretary of the Treasury to make an
arrangement or compromise with the sureties of
Samuel Swartwout, which some days ago was laid
on the table. It now came up on a pending motion
to reconsider the vote by which the bill was laid on
the table.
Mr. MURPHY said he knew this motion was
not a debatable one, but he hoped the House
would rcconsider the vote, so that the friends of the
bill might be heard in its favor. He was satisfied
the facts of the case were not fully understood; and
he therefore made an earnest appeal to the House to
agree to the pending motion, and thereby permit
some explanation to be made.
Mr. G. DAVIS called for the yeas and nays.
The SPEAKER put the question to the House,
and 27 voted in its favor; which were deemed suf-
ficient.
Mr. MURPHY called for a count of the other
side, and 69 voted in the negative. No quorum
voting,
Tellers were then called for, and Messrs. Burke
and Grinnell were appointed, and they reported
30 in the affirmative; so the yeas and nays were or-
dered, and being taken, resulted thus: yens 71, nays
77. So the motion to reconsider was lost.
REDUCTION OF THE ARMY".
The next bill was the bill to regulate the pay of
the anny of (he United States and for other pur-
poses, on which the previous question had been or-
dered.
The question was taken, and the bill was ordered
to be engrossed.
The question then being on the passage of the
bill,
Mr. CAVE JOHNSON asked for the yeas and
nays.
Mr. J. P. KENNEDY said us there were some
important provisions in this bill, he wiwhed, before
taking the question, to move a call of the House.
Mr. ADAMS rose and gave his views at some
length upon this bill—in favor of which he should
vote—and upon various other subjects connected
therewith, and with the action of this House during
the present session. Notwithstanding this rage for
the reduction of the army, no man, he said, could
fail to wee that if the measures which had passed
tlii^ House for the "reannexntion" of Texas, (in-
cluding a portion of undisputed Mexican ter-
ritory, and in the ejty of Santa Fe,) and for the im-
mediate occupation of Oregon, passed into laws, our
army must be vastly increased, involving the addi-
tional expenditure of millions.
Jndeed, lie understood that there was a proposi-
tion on foot which had not yet readied the House,
to raise five additional regiments. He went on to
speak of the possibility of England's getting Cuba
by accssion from Spain; and contended that, in that
event, we should have no right to go to war with
her after our taking Texas. He asked what would
be the probable event of any battles we might have
with England, with a navy only half as large as
heis; and that to get a navy sufficient to cope with
her, we must saddle the nation with an additional
expense of forty millions a year. Great Britain will
say that the necessity for her taking Cuba will be
much greater than ours for taking Texas, for the
pui pose of extending the area of freedom by ex-
tending and perpetuating slavery. The occupation
of Oregon would also require a huge increase of our
army; nnd he then spoke of the probability of our
reannexmg California, winch would require an addi-
tional force.
He continued to speak of the probable conse-
quence of this spirit of conquest winch was mani-
festing itself, somewhat ironically. Hegaid at some
future day we might hear the Speaker not only an-
nounce on this floor the "gentleman from the
Rocky mountains," or "the gentleman from the Pa-
cific," or "the gcntlernan from Patagonia," but "the
gentleman from the North Tote," [laughter,] and
also "the gentleman from the South Pole," [renew-
ed laughter;] and the poor original thirteen States
would dwindle into comparative insignificance as
parts of this nvghty republic. He spoke hIso of the
compromise of the Texas question as an insult to
the freemen whose representatives agreed to it; and
added that the line 36° 30' there fixed, was more
than further than the territory of Texas ever ex-
tended. He said that 34° was as far as Texas could
claim. It would be recollected that a resolution had
been here agreed to calling upon the President to
inform this House what were the bbundaries .of
Texas; but they had not yet got any answer. He
was commenting on this subject when his hour ex-
pired.
Mr. RAYNER next obtained the floor*, and he
said he was opposed to a reduction of the army,
whether in regard to its materiel or to its pay, as
contemplated by the bill under consideration; and
althougn he concurred in many things here with the
gentleman from Massachusetts, he did so net for
the same reasons. But in respect to the annexation
of Texas to this Union, he was opposed to it, be-
cause he believed it would involve this country in a
foreign wnr; and hence he was opposed to a reduc-
tion of the army; and likewise because he believed
that the army should be increased, rather than di-
minished; for no matter what mi^lit be his hostility
to that measure, if the voice of his country declared
that Texas should be annexed, and foreign war
should be the consequence, he would go for his
country, right or wrong. He should be in favor of
preparing a force, not alone on land, but on the
ocean, by which we might be able to achieve glory
and honor, both in peace and war, if his country re-
quired it. He was also opposed to this reduction of
the army on account of the lurking feeling display-
ed here and manifested against a high military man
 f this country. What a demoralized state of things
in this country may not prevail, when they saw
men here seek to effect a great national object out of
hostility to an individual! This feeling was be-
tiaying itself against a man who had fought gallant-
ly under the "stars and stripes," when many of
those who assailed him weie in their nurse's urms;
a man who bore on his mutilated body honored
scars received in his country's cause; a man who
was as remarkable for his administration of civil af-
fairs, when he was intrusted with them, as for his
judgment and prowess in the field. Gentlemen
seemed to anticipate trouble as coming from that
distinguished man; but if he mistook not the signs
of the times, the day was coming when he would
give them much more trouble than they now
think of.
He had said that the annexation of Texas to this
Union will inevitably involve this country in a for-
eign war, and he now proposed to give some rea-
sons which had brought him to that conclusion; and
he did so with more propriety, because it was gen-
erally understood that the measure which had pass-
ed the House will, m all probability, come back in
a somewhat dilferent shape than that in which it
left ft. He was anxious, when this subject was be-
fore this House, to express his views upon it, be-
cause he wa.s anxious that the people of that section
of country from which he came should know the
grounds on which southern men stood on this
question; but he was now more anxious,
because he could not fail to discover a tone
of feeling here which may result in conse-
quences hereafter that may jeopard our free in-
stitutions, and shake this Union to its centre. If, at
the period of the Missouri compromise, and the ad-
mission of a Stale which grew up out of our undis-
puted terntoiy—at a tune, too, of comparative quiet
and composure—this countiy whs well nigh blown
into fragments. What might not be expected now,
when a proposition was made to annex territory to
which, thus far, we have acquired no shadow of a
title, and on which the public mind is already rest-
less and feverish, and which is stimulated to further
action by fanaticism at one hand of the Union, and
disaffection at the other. They had been told that
oa such subjects they should not look at ulterior re-
sults, but to their immediate and palpable elements;
but he could not agiee with such a proposition.
Tney were legislating for the future as well as for
the present, and it was the part of statesmanship to
look at every question in regard to the influences
which it will exercise on the whole country. It
was the part of wisdom to forego present advantages
for future and greater good^and in legislating, duty
required of them not only to secure for the present
tiie gicatestgood of the greatest number, but to guard
against evil for all time to come. He then went on to
enumerate some of the evils winch he believed would
result from the annexation of Texas. He said, in
respect to the objection that there was a want of
power to acquire foreign territory, that he consid-
ered that a settled question. The purchase of Lou-
isiana in 1803, and of Florida in 1819, had settled
that question as far as precedents could settle a
question! for, notwithstanding the constitutional dif-
ficulties which presented themselves in the purchase
of Louisiana, the almost unanimous acquiescence
of all sections of this country, and the almost unani-
mous approval of all departments of our govern-
ments, and classes of our people, plainly prove that
this matter had been determined by the public voice
not to be contrary to our national policy, or incon-
sistent with our organic law; and he who took dif-
ferent ground now must be an impracticable and
dreaming visionary indeed, and be likely to .be
left far behind in the march of improvement. Nor
did he see anything in the objections which had
been urged on the ground of a surrender of the sov-
ereignty of Texas. If Texas could dispose of an
acre of her territory, she could dispose of the whole.
He further examined, at some length, the objec-
tion that had been made to the annexation of Texas
on the ground that it would be a surrender of her
sovereignty. He denied that this would be the case,
and arguea that the purchase of her territory would
not necessarily be the purchase of her sovereignty,
but the merging ofher sovereignty in that of the Uni-
ted States, only so far as the first"was inconsistent
with the second.
As he stood entirely on his own ground, and did
not wish to be held responsible for the arguments of
other gentlemen against this measure, he proceeded
further to point out what he considered the inva-
lidity of some other arguments against annexation.
One of these was the distinction that had been urged
between the acquisition of foreign territory and of
foreign States. He thought that one was as practi-
cable as the other.
Nor did he object to annexation on the ground
that it would be a breach of faith towards Mexico.
The distinction between independence de facto and
independence de jure he contended was obsolete.
In recognising the independence of Texas we had
acknowledged her an entire sovereign, as fully com-
petent to dispose of her sovereignty as to make a
commercial treaty; and such a treaty we had made
with her. If Mexico, following out the stubborn-
ness of her disposition, should refuse for fifty years
to acknowledge the independence of Texas, must
we wait during that time before we could treat with
her as a foreign nation?
He now advanced to the main part of his argu-
ment, and laid down the proposition first that under
our institutions this House could not rightfully take
cognizance of any such question. There could not,
under our institutions, constitutionally be any such
thing as extra-territorial legislation. Our laws re-
ceived their binding force under the constitution.
The constitution extended only over the limits of
the United States; and consequently our laws lost
all their vitality the very moment they overstepped
the boundary of the territory of the United States.
This was a contract with a foreign nation; "treaty"
was the only word used m the constitution, where
reference was made to compacts with foreign na-
tions; and hence an obvious conclusion (he argued)
was, that all contiacts, or compacts with foreign na-
tions, were treaties. It was only by treaty that the
inceptive steps of a contract with foreign nations
could be entered into; it was true, that in adjusting
the subsequent details, the action of Congress
might be necessary. It was indispensably neces-
sary, first to bring* the subject before the House in
the proper mode for consideration- Sitting here as
a House of Representatives, they could not know
officially that Texas was willing to come into this
Union; that must be ascertained by the treaty-ma-
king power established by the constitution.
Another reason against this measure: annexation
by act of Congress would introduce into our sys-
tem a new clement of strife and confusion. If an-
nexation was effected by act of Congress, would
not that act, like ail other the acts of Congress, be re-
pealable? No pledge would be given, or could be
given, to a foreign nation by act of Congress; con-
sequently, what would there be to prevent the re-
peal of this act? He did not wish to be understood
as saying that should the question thus ever arise,
he would vote for the repeal of the act. He should
vote against it for the sake of the preservation of
the peace and harmony of the nation. Buthere-
feired to the fact, that in the excitement of feeling
which was engendered by this measure, the ques-
tion of repeal might be agitated, and should a ma-
jority be returned to Congress in favor of such re-
peal, what patriot could contemplate the state of
