302
CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
things that would then ensue, but with horror.
What hope ever after could be indulged of the har-
mony, or of the perpetuation of our glorious Union?
It was said that" this cry of repeal might be raised
against the new States that had been admitted into
the Union, as well as against Texas; but the case
was widely different. When these States were ad-
mitted, we were dealing with our own people and
witli our own territory, and no negotiation with a
foreign State was necessary. The deeds of cession
and the ordinance of 1783, in relation to the North-
western Territory, as well as the purchase of Loui-
siana, operated as a pledge as binding as the consti-
tution itself. This nation never could be bound to
another one, except in the way pointed out by the
constitution. Mr. R. then replied to some of the
arguments of Mr. Douglass, and continued speak-
ing a few minutes when the Speaker announced that
his hour had expired.
Mr. JAMES A. BLACK observed that he did
not design, at this late hour, to detain the House by
any remarks on this bill. He only desired to say,
in justice to himself and the committee, that in this
whole attempt at reform they were influenced by no
hostility to the army or its gallant head. On the
contrary, their desire was to render it more efficient,
and to promote the true interests of its officers. The
salary of the major-general had been increased to
over #7,000 a year; and though he was willing to
bring it back to $5,000, he would do so out of no
hostility to him, or want of respect for his distin-
guished services, and he would be willing to vote for
him as high a salary as for any other officer in that
command. He, and those who acted with him,
were not for reducing the army, but for reforming
its abuses. He would not have said thus much had
it not been for the remarks of the gentleman from
Massachusetts and the gentleman from North Caro-
lina. Mr. B. concluded by moving the previous
question.
Mr. HUNGERFORD called for the yeas and
nays on the passage of the bill, which were ordered,
ancl the question being taken, it was decided in the
affirmative—yeas 107, nays 37.
So the bill was passed.
The SPEAKER, then laid before the House an
executive communication from the Post Office De-
partment, showing the amount for certain expendi-
tures for wrapping paper, &c. It was referred to
the Committee on the Expenditures in the Post
Office Department.
Mr. R. CHAPMAN endeavored to get the House
to take up a bill in which he felt some interest; but,
pending that motion,
The House adjourned.
The following notices of petitions presented to-
day, were handed to the reporters by the members
presenting (hem:
By-sir noiVi-lN": The petition of the Hon. Bryan I^Iulan-
phv and bO others, members ol" the St. Louis bar, asking that
the deepens ol tne Supreme Court of the Lmted Stales be
republished, ot public expense, and distributed, upon some
f-duitabie hasii, to public binaries and other institutions,
so that the principles there adjudicated and settled may have
a more extensive circulation; referred to the Joint Com-
mittee on the Library
r,y J L. CAJU': The petition of Noah Ely and 68 others,
citizens of Otsego and Chenango counties, pra>mg for the
establishment oi a mail route lrom Oneonta to New Berlin,
by way of liutternuN: referred to the Committee on the Post
Office and fo^t Roads.
Bv Mr. MAC-LAY: The memorial of Walter R. Jones,
Jacob"lldrvev, and other officers and persons connected
withmsuiancc companies in the city of New York, for the
enlistment of bo> s m a naval school: committed to the
Committee on >.ctval Aftairs.
By Mi J51DLACK: The petition of citizens of northern
Penasvlvaiua. for the establishment oi a national foundry
8t Wil:<t" !>*rre, Pennsylvania: refeired to the Committee of
the Whole on the state of the Union. The memorial of
(1*1-^1^ oi Wilkcsbarre, asking the passage of the Senate
lull fir the redaction ot postage: leierred to the Committee
ol the V. hole on ihe state of the Union.
Hy .Mr. wi'iONS The petition of the widow of the late
General Pike, toi a claim originating in the w ar of 1812.
I',v \i*. "I b KiNGTO: The peiition of Robert D. Mc-
tiee and l'jl o'her- citiv-cns of western Pennsylvania, pray-
Mv'tor thf cn-^ruction of o Macadamized road from the
i nmberland ioad, bv the United States arsenals at Pitts-
Tmr ha.i(i \U-adv lie", to the haibor of Erie. The petition
ol fd .ed Sullivan and 91 others, of similar import. The
veV.-or of l,->mas Douglass and 20 others, of similar import,
'"lie i>"ti'.o.i of K. Mamhoft and 56 others, of similar sm-
jjo11 a he peUlOil of Andrew Cams and 11 others, of Sinn-
dr>v"^Ir S AMPLY';: The petition of Alexander Stephenson,
of'tC'^ciUftCo'conntv, Indiana, for relief- ^
Bv Mr. ^OLLOCfc: The oetition oi (ieorge bwope and
42 o'her citueii* o? T'hiladelnlna county, Pemts>lvama.
pu'> nr., for in .fUei.iuon ol the natuiah/atson laws: reler-
red'to the ConnnHteeojitheJudicial).
By Mr THOMPSON: The petition of It. H. Buford and
6^ other citizens of Mississippi, praying the establishment
of a mail route from Hernando, in De Soto county, to Ox-
ford, in Mississippi
By Mr. CATLIN: The memorial of L. C. Coe and 54
others, citizens of Litchfield county, Connecticut, praying
for the immediate repeal of the slave laws now in lorce in
the District of Columbia: referred to the Committee for the
District of Columbia. The memorial of Joseph Lawrence
and 383 others, praying for an appropriation of forty thou«
sand dollars for the erection of alight-house <*r beacon on
Black Ledge, oft* New London harbor, Connecticut; also
praying for an appropriation of four thousand dollars for
the erection ol a light-house to indicate the entrance to the
harbor of Black Poir^t Bayr between the harbor of New
London and the mouth of tne Connecticut river: referred to
the Committee on Commerce. The memorial of Joseph
Hurlburt and dl others, citizens of Litchfield county, Con-
necticut, against the proposed annexation of Texas: refer-
red to the Committee on Foreign Affairs. The memorial of
Moses Pierce and 186 others, "citizens of Norwich, in the
State of Connecticut, praying that the franking privilege
may be abolished, and that there may be established a uni-
form rate of postage of two cents on ail letters weighing
halt an ounce or less prepaid, and four cents when not pre-
paid: referred to the Committee on the Post Office and Post
Roads.
By Mr. HALE: The remonstrance of E. N. Hidden and 67
others, citizens of Deerfield, New Hampshire, against the
annexation of TVxas to the Union- referred to the Com.
mittee on Foreign Affairs. The petition of K. N Hidden
and 70 others, citizens of Doerfield, New Hampshire, that
Congress would abolish slavery in the District of Colum-
bia and the Territories: referred to the Committee for the
District of Columbia.
By Mr. D. L. SEYMOUR: The memorial of Joshua A.
Spencer, James Lawrence, and 100 others, members of the
bar and the judiciary of the State of New York, praying
Congress to make provision for depositing tin1 reports of
the decisions of the Supieme Court of the United States in
the offices of the county clerks of the several States and
Territories of the Union.
IN SENATE.
Tuesday, February 18, 1845.
The PRESIDENT pro tan. laid before the Sen-
atcn communication from the Ticasury Department
transmitting, in compliance with n resolution of the
Senate of the 18th April last, information upon the
subject of the experiments made at the light-house
at Christiana river for testing the advantages of gas
as a substitute for oil in the light-houses; which,
on motion by Mr. HUNTINGTON, was ordered
to lie on the table.
Also, laid before the Senate a communication
from the War Department, transmitting a copy of
a report of Lieutenant J. M. Gillis, detailing the
plan and construction of the depot of charts and in-
struments, with an outline of its astronomical instru-
ments, library, &c.; which, on motion by Mr.
BAYARD, was referred to the Committee on Naval
Affairs.
Mr. MERRICK presented additional testimony
in support of the petition of William W. Buchanan,
a soldier of the revolution, for a pension; which
was referred to the Committee on Pensions.
Mr. WHITE presented a petition from citizens
of Hendricks county, Indiana, praying for a reduc-
tion of the rates of postage and the abolition of the
franking privilege: ordered to lie on the table.
Mr. DIX presented a memorial from Wm. W.
Sweeney and 121 citizens of Newport, Herkimer
county, New York, praying for a reduction of the
rates of postage to two cents to all parts of the Uni-
ted States and the abolition of the franking privi-
lege: ordered to lie on the table.
Also, presented a petition from thirty-three cit-
izens of Salem, Washington county, New Yoik,
praying that Congress will rejcct all applications for
the annexation ofTexas to the United States: order-
ed to lie on (he table.
Mr. DICKINSON presented the joint memorial
of the speaker of the assembly of the State of New
York, with the members of the assembly, and a
majority of the members of the Senate in attend-
ance at the Capitol, without distinction of party,
asking Congress to pass a law by which the repoits
of the decisions oftlie Supreme Court of the United
States may-be placed within the reach of the peo-
ple and bar in_the different States and Territories of
the Union: or'dered to lie on the table.
Mr. STURGEON presented the petition and ac-
companying documents of Mr. John Ilall, a resi-
dent of the town of Beaver, Pennsylvania, for a
pension: referred to the Committee on Pensions.
On motion by Mr. WHITE, the Committee on
Indian Affairs was discharged from the further con-
sideration of the petition of John Dillard, praying
pay for cattle furnished by him to the troops of the
United States; and it was referred to the Committee
on Finance.
Mr. BAYARD, from the Committee on Naval
Affairs, to which was reterred the petition of Com.
Jesse D. Elliott, praying compensation for certain
extra expenses incurred as commander in the Med-
iterranean, reported a bill for his relief; which was
read, and ordered to a second reading.
Mr. DAYTON submitted a resolution; which was
read as follows, viz:
Resolved, That the Conamittoe on the Library be instruct-
ed to inquire forthwith whether a case of books has been
forwarded within the past year by the French Chambfer of
Deputies, or any other department df the French govern-
ment, for the use and benefit of the government of (he Uni-
ted States^ and if so, that the committee immediately prd-
cure possession thereof, and deposit the same in the Con-
gressional Library.
Resolved, further, That, upon the- receipt of said books,
the librarian of Congress be directed to acknowledge the
same in proper terms; and that he indicate the high sense
entertained by this government of the courtesy which
prompted their presentation.
Mr. DAYTON remarked, that the "facts referred
to were known to some members of the Senate, he
was convinced; and ha acknowledged, with shame
and humiliation, that they were true. It appeared,
he said, by an announcement made in the New
York papers, that the valuable books which were
presented some lime since by the French Chamber
of Deputies to the United States, referred to in the
resolution, laid nine months in one of the common
custom-houses, and were eventually sold there for
storage. Now, if it was so—and he entertained lio
doubt of its truth—it was most discreditable to the
government; and every man who reflected upon the
fact must feel a sense of humiliation and shame that
such a transaction should have taken place. They
could only say that they regretted it; and it was,
even then, an awkward and unpleasant affair, at
most. It would appear as if wo were regardless of
(though he knew that it was not so) all those cour-
tesies and civilities which ought to characterize the
intercourse of nations, to thus overlook the courtesy
of a foreign nation in this respect. If it was not a
matter of notoriety—for the circumstances have be-
come notorious—the resolution might be deemed
unnecessary. But it was due to the French gov-
ernment, if"not to ourselves, to make some acknowl-
edgment of the mistake which had been com-
mitted.
Mr. TAPPAN was understood to say that, from
his understanding of the matter, the books could be
recovered without purchase. It struck him that a
box of books, directed to the government'of the
United States, should not be sold by the collector of
any port, not having authority by law to sell prop-
erty of the United States; therefore the sale was il-
legal. He had no objection, however, to the re-
purchase.
Mr. DAYTON remarked that the senator from
Ohio had not atended accurately to the terms of the
resolution. It required simply that the Committee
on the Library shall get possession of the books.
They are, in point of fact, in possession of a pur-
chaser. The resolution only requires that they
should be reclaimed.
Mr. McDUFFIE thought it was a most extraor-
dinary case. He would be gratified to know from
the honorable senator from New Jersey, [Mr.
Dayton,] with what functionary of the government
these books were authorized to be placed; also, by
what authority anybody would sell those books
sent to the United States. He repeated that it was
a most extraordinary rase indeed.
Mr. DAYTON remarked that it was not less ex-
traordinary than true, that the box of books was
addressed to the government of the United States,
and nold at a common custom-house sale in New
York city; and, for the benefit of the senator from
South Carolina, [Mr. McDuffib,] he had read at
the Clerk's table an announcement of the fact of the
sale, to satisfy custom-house storage.
The publication showed that, amongst other
books, were 20 volumes, comprising a period of 120
years—very valuable. A gentleman now cogni-
zant of the sale, was in the French Chamber of
Deputies when the authority of the present was
pas'sed. These same books were suffered to lie
nine months in the public ware-house, and to be sold
for storage.
Mr. McDUFFIE remarked that, as the present
was authorized by the Chamber of Deputies, the
acknowledgement should be made by joint action
of Congress, or should emanate from some officer
of that House. This extraordinary mistake seemed
to grow out of the fact that the books were sent to
the United States, and not to any functionary of
the government.
On motion by Mr. HENDERSON, the resolu-
tion was amended by striking out the words "libra-
ry of Congress," and inserting "Joint Committee on
the Library:" and, as thus amended, it was adopted-
