CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
303
Mr. ARCHER presented a memorial from 2,000
citizens of St. Louis, Missouri, praying for reform
in the naturalization laws. It was his desire, in pre-
senting the memorial to the Senate—he felt that it
was due to the dignity of the petition—to make a
few words of commentary on the subject of it. Al-
though he was of opinion that the object of the me-
morial was to enforce what was well known to Con-
gress, he could not refrain from expressing his
gratefulness to see a subject of such superlative im-
portance interest the public mind to that degree to
which it appeared to be interested. This was, in his
ppinion, the true mode which should be pursued
by the people to obtain this great object;
which these memorialists had done—not by
petitions of a few individuals, but by a commu-
nity of people; a mode so imposing, that the
representatives of the people would have nothing to
do but accord to their wishes. He had no hesita-
tion jn saying, that if other citizens had emulated the
example of the signers to the memorial he held in
Ilia hand, the subject of the memorial would no lon-
ger remain a question for the councils of the coun-
try to decide upon. If the people would take that
course, they would have nothing further to do to
compel the attainment of that great public policy.
He could not but express his confident expectation,
that when the bill came up for consideration, having
the object of the petition partially in view, he might
successfully invoke the aid of the honorable sena-
tor from .Missouri, who would be, probably, not
wanting in attention to this movement of theircon-
stihiency. These gentlemen hold to the doctrine of
implicit obedience to the will of their constituents.
Through that principle he should, on a proper occa-
sion, invoke the aid of those senators to curry out
the reform prayed for in the memorial.
The petition was then presented, and ordered to
lie on the table.
Mr. ALLEN desired to ask of the chairman of
the Judiciary Committee whether it was his inten-
tion to cali up, and press upon the consideration of
the Senate, the bill reported from that committee on
this subject, this session. And whilst he was up,
he would inquire whether there was any senator on
the other side who could inform him as to what,
progress was made by the commissioners appointed,
perhaps in the cities of Philadelphia and New
York, to take testimony, with the view to the inves-
tigation of the subject-matter of the bill before the
Judiciary Committee. Whether it proceeded to ex-
ecute its office, and to make a report to the commit-
tee, or to the Senate, on this subject. He did not
know precisely under what authority these, com-
missioners in those States were appointed. Tie did
not know by whatrule they would regulate their in-
vestigation. He knew nothing about, them further
than what he had observed published m the
newspapers. At all events, before the bill
concerning the naturalization system came up
for consideration, that side of the House would
like to have some information in regard to
the question, and the doings of these commis-
sion's.
Mr. BERRIEN, in answer to the inquiry pro-
posed by the senator from Ohio, stated (what he be-
lieved was known to the members of that body) that
when the petitions concerning a reform of the natu-
ralization laws were referred to the Judiciary Com-
mittee, the reference was followed by a resolution,
m the first instance, vesting the committee with pow-
er to send for persons and papers for the examina-
tion of the several objects, which superseded the
resolution, and which were connected with the sub-
ject of naturalization. That resolution was suc-
ceeded by another, by which the committee was au-
thorized to issue a commission in addition to
the power to send for persons and papers, by
which they authorized a commission for the exam-
ination of witnesses in connection with this subject.
In the execution of the command of the Senate,
commissions have been appointed in New York,
Philadelphia, Baltimore, and New Orleans. Infor-
mation has been received so far. The commission
for Philadelphia was returned executed. The com-
mission for New York, he believed, had closed. He
addressed himself, some days ago, a request that it
must be closed. He repeated the request yesterday,
in the course of the present week he anticipated the
closing of the one in Baltimore. He had received
no information from the one in New Orleans. It
was his purpose that the bill from the Judiciary
Committee, some time since laid upon the table,
should be called up and considered as soon as infor-
mation was received from these commissions. The j|
Judiciary Committee, he said, liad acted m pursu-
ance of the strict command of the Senate in creating
these commissions, and the result would be sub-
mitted to them for decision.
Mr. MERRICK presented a memorial from
Bi'rckhead & Pierce and sundry other merchants of
the city of Baltimore, asking the remission of duty
paid on guano imported, and for the future admis-
sion of that article free of duty: referred to the
Committee on Finance.
On motion by Mr. MERRICK, leave was grant-
ed to -withdraw from the files the papers in the claim,
of Esther Turner Burroughs, the widow of Nor-
man Burroughs, praying for a pension.
Mr. ATHERTON, from the Committee on Pen-
sions, made an adverse report on the petition of
Ellison Williams; which was ordered to lie on the
table, and be printed.
Mr. WOODBRIDGE, from the Committee on
Commerce, to which the subject was referred on pe-
tition, reported a joint resolution relative to Silas
Meacham's improved mode of constructing lamps
and rcflectore in the light-houses of the United
States; which was read, and ordered to a sec-
ond reading, and the report accompanying to be
printed.
Also reported back, from the same committee,
without amendment, and with a recommendation
that it do pass, the bill from the House entitled An
act further extending the time of locating Virginia
military land warrants, and for returning surveys
thereof to the Gencial Land Otlice.
On motion by Mr. BATES, the Committee on
Pensions was discharged from the further conside-
ration of the petition of William Miller for a pen-
sion, being referred to it against the rules of the
Senate.
Mr. WHITE, from the Committee on Indian Af-
fairs, reported a bill for the relief of Catlin, Peoples,
& Co.; which was read, and ordered to a second
read ing.
Also reported from the same committee a bill for
the relief of William Henson; which was read, and
ordered to a second reading.
Mr. MOREHEAD said that, a few days ago, a
bill for the establishment of a statistical bureau was,
through mistake, referred to the Committee on the
Library, instead of the Committee on Finance. lie
moved that that committee be discharged from its
consideration, and that it bo referred to the Commit-
tee on Finance: agreed to.
Mr. WOODBRIDGE submitted the following
resolution, viz:
Resolrerf, Tliat 1.500 additional copies ofthe report of a
geological exploration of a puit of Iowa, Wisconsin, and Il-
linois, by David Dale Owen, under the direction ol'the Sec-
votarv ol the. Tn'asmy, togethei Willi the maps and illus-
trations belonging thereto, be l'urnished lor the use ol the
Semite, provided that the charge be alone lor the paper,
piess-woik.and colmmg.
Mr. WOODBRIDGE made some remarks on
the great value of this document, which he said was
ordered to be printed at the last session. It was
refened to the Committee on Printing.
On motion of Mr. JAR.NAGIN, the adverse re-
port of the Committee on Revolutionary Claims in
the case of Nathaniel Ashley was taken up for con-
sideration, the question being on concurring in the
adverse report of the committee; but at the sugges-
tion of Mr. Morehead, it was again laid on the
table.
The bill from the House entitled an act to regu-
late the pay of the army of the United States and
for other purposes, was read twice, and referred to
the Committee on Military Affairs.
The engrossed bill for the relief of George Duval
came up for consideration 011 its third reading.
Mr. JARNAG1N was opposed to its passage in
its present form, and suggested an amendment re-
ferring the matter to the War Department to bear
testimony concerning the claim before money
shall be paid over.
Mr. SEVIER, suggested,underthe circumstances,
that the bill should lie over till to-morrow: agreed
to.
The following bills were then read the third time
and passed, viz:
An act for the pay of the 4tli regiment of the 2d
brigade of the 3d division of the Vermont millitia,
who served at the battle of Pittsburgh.
The act for the relief of J. S. Throckmorton.
The act to amend the act entitled an act making
appropriations for the support of the naval service
for the year ending 30th June, 1845.
The act to authorize a relocation of land warrants
No. 3, "4, and 5, granted by Congress to General
Lafayette.
The engrossed bill entitled an act for the relief of
John S. Russwurm, the heir and legal representa- -
tive of William Russwurm, deceased, was, on the
motion of Mr. TAPPAN, ordered to lie on the
table. . .
The engrossed bill to provide for the satistactien
of claims of American citizens for spoliations com-
mitted by the French prior-to 1800, came up for its
third reading; but was, on the motion of Mr. HU-
GER, ordered to lie on the table for the present.
Mr. WHITE, from the Committee on Indian
Affairs, to which had been referred the petition of
Wm. H. Thomas, praying payment for supplies
furnished the Cherokees in 1836, reported a bill for
his relief; which was read, and ordered to a second
reading.
On motion by Mr. TAPPAN, the bill vesting m
the county commissioners of the csunty of Wyan-
dot the right to certain town lots and out lots in Up-
per Sandusky, in the State of Ohio, was taken up
for consideration as in committee of the whole, on
an amendment of the Committee on the Public
Lands.
The amendment was agreed to, and the bill was
reported to the Senate, and ordered to be engrossed
for a third reading.
ANNEXATION OF TEXAS.
On motion by Mr. ARCHER, the Senate re-
sumed the consideration of the joint resolution from
the House for the admission of the State of Texas
into the Union—the question being on the motion
for its indelnite postponement.
Mr. CHOATE being entitled to the flpor, ad-
dressed the Senate for nearly three hours.
He commenced by observing that the honorable
senator from New Hampshire [Mr. Woodbury]
had opened his remarks yesterday in an earnest, not
to say somewhat vehement and impassioned man-
ner, by expressing his regret that the Committee on
Foreign Relations had disapproved of this resolu-
tion. He (Mr. C ) had the honor, on the other
hand, to concur entirely with the Committee on For-
eign Relations in the general result of their investi-
gations—that Congress had no constitutional power
whatsoever to pass a resolution of this kind. He
held an equally clear and decided opinion that Con-
gress has no power whatsoever, by its legislation,
per se and per saltum, to pass a bill, which, without
the parliamentary intervention and instrumentality
of another department of the government, should
transform Texas, or any other foreign State, into
our Union.
He held that we could not do this, though it were
ever so high an object of protection. We could not
do it if it could insure a thousand years of liberty to
the Union. If this Texas annexation were to
work all these incomparable, and inconsistent, and
impossible good things—if it were to establish a
millemum in every part of the earth, and furnish a
good monopoly for Pennsylvania iron and Massa-
chusetts shoes—if it should produce all the cotton
and sugar in the world, and 6e tilled only by the
hands of the free—if, like the fabled garden of old,
its rivers should turn out to run pearls, and its trees
to bear imperial fruit of gold,—yet, even then, we
could not admit her. To all these temptations hs
had but one answer—how could he do this and not
sin against the constitution?
He agreed with the Committee on Foreign Rela-
tions, that we have no manner of power to do this
act. He cleaved to the constitution and abstained
from any discussion upon the question of expedien-
cy. While, therefore, he undoubtedly held very
clear and decided opinions about this matter and
it would be no credit to any one in this stage of the
business not to have formed clear and decided opin-
ions—while he was persuaded that we have no need
at all of this vast foreign domain—no more need
than we have of the rest of the world—no more
need than we have of Java, or the islands of the
Mediterranean—he would say to his friends from
the South and Southwest, that an independent
neighbor does us no manner of harm, but rather
good, no more harm than Spain does to France
than Prussia does to Austria—or any of the Euro-
pean States do to England.
Believing that we had area enough for such a
career of glory as no country in the world ever en-
joyed—believing 'and knowing that this measure of
annexation is felt by millions, not by a handful of
fanatics, but by unionists and constitutionalists—
men who would shed their blood (o preserve the
