CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
307
Mr. McKAY and Mr. DROMGOOLE sustained
the decision of the Chairman.
Mr. TIBBATTS and Mr. D. P. KING opposed
it, and maintained the powef of the committee to
insert this proposition as an amendment to the bill.
Mr. PAYNE rose (under misapprehension, sup-
posing that the claim itself was before the commit-
tee) and was proceeding to argue the merits of the
claim, his remarks looking towards a defence there-
of, as was understood by the reporter.
Mr. HOLMES and Mr. SUMMERS sustained
the appeal.
The debate on the point of order was further con-
tinued by Messrs. G. DAVIS, J. W. DAVIS,
COLLAMER, WHITE, McDOWELL, and Mc-
KAY; when
The question was taken, "shall the decision of
the chair stand as the judgment of the House?" and
the result was ayes 56, noes 43.
No quorum voting.
On motion by Mr. McCONNELt,; the commit-
tee rose, and reported the fact to the House. ,
Mr. ADAMS hoped the House would adjourn,
and that the chairman of the Committee of Ways
and Means would not insist on going in with this
bill with so thin a House.
Mr. JAMESON moved a call of the House.
Mr. WINTHROP moved that the House ad-
journ.
Mr. BURKE called for the yeas and nays, which
were ordered, and the question being taken, it was
decided in the negativfe, yeas 58, nays 88.
Mr. JAMESON withdrew his motion for a call
of the House, and the committee resumed.
The question on the appeal was then taken by
Mr. Thompson and Mr. Winthrop tellers, and
they reported 71 in the affirmative. The negative
was not taken, and the Chair was sustained in the
decision.
Mr. WINTHROP offered an amendment for the
purpose of providing for the payment of those books
which had been sent to members of the House
under a resolution sometime since passed; and in
some remarks which he made in support of it, he
said he was not interested, having no books but
the Congressional Globe, which he had already in
his possession. The books were delivered, and
those who had received them ought not to repudiate
payment.
Some conversation ensued, in which several gen-
tlemen took part.
Some further conversation took place between
Messrs. G. DAVIS, WINTHROP, and McKAY,
as to the fact whether these books had been ordered
by the authorities of the House; and if so, by what
.sanction.
Mr. McKAY knew it was vain to oppose this
amendment. He made no imputation on those gen-
tlemen who voted for it. But it was time that prac-
tice was put an end to. One single volume—Docu-
mentary History of the Revolution—was to be fur-
nished to 1,200 persons, former members of Con-
gress, and others; and this, alone, would cost nearly a
million of dollars. The Clerk called on them to ap-
propriate for one volume of this work #27,000, and
there were fouiteen more volumes. These books
had been sent, he confessed, to his room. He did
not kick them out of the house, (laughter,) but he
told the messenger the next day to take them away.
Ho did not come, (Renewed laughter.)
[Several voices. "The gun," "the gun."]
Mr. McKAY. I never had a gun. He felt rather
mean, (great laughter,) having received these books,
to oppose their payment, or their distribution among
other members. He wished he had done as he
heard a friend from Pennsylvania, Mr. Biddle, (not
"Nick,") who was formerly on this floor, declare
from the place where he now stood, that sooner
than receive any of these books, he would let his
right hand fall powerless. He thought that, per-
haps, they would be obliged to pay for the books
already distributed, and then that this iniquitous
practice should be put an end to. If continued, it
would, in the end, cost this House some two or
three hundred thousand dollars per year.
Mr. BRENGLE inquired whether the persons
who furnished these books had been directed to do
so liy the Clerk of the House.
In reply, at the request of Mr. McKay, several
letters of the former Clerk of the House were read,
conveying an affirmative answer.
Further conversation took took place between
Messrs. McKAY and RHETT.
Mr. RHETT wished to state a fact, to relieve the
eonscieiicc of his friend from North Carolina, [Mr.
McKay.] The course which this thing took was
this: As soon as these books were ordered, they
were furnished and paid for out of the contingent
fund of the House; and there they would remain to
all eternity, a prey to rats and mice, if not taken by
the members to whom they were credited. He re-
ferred to an instance of a gentleman—a member of
Congress fourteen years ago—having recently writ-
ten to him on the subject; and, on examination, it
was found that books remained deposited here to
his credit. He thought his friend, under these cir-
cumstances, had done very right to receive these
books, fie (Mr. R.) had done so, although he had
voted, and should vote, against every appropriation
for books.
Mr. G. W. JONES opposed this amendment.
He had never, and should never, order or receive any
of these books.
Mr. DROMGOOLE thought, as this whole mat-
ter was undergoing examination by a committee of
this House, that the adoption of this amendment
would be the forestalling of the report from that
commiitefe. If the appropriation was just, let it be
done by a different bill, Which should stand on its
own merits; and with it let them have, if they
pleased, the documentary history concerning these
books.
Mr. J. W. DAVIS moved" that the committee
rise; which was negatived.
The question being on the amendment of Mr.
Winthrop,
Mr. WINTHROP inquired of the chairman of
the Committee of Ways and Means [Mr. McKayJ
if he had filled the blank in the amendment.
Mr. McKAY inquired if the gentleman included
in it Elliott's debates,' which were now publishing in
Boston.
Mr. WINTHROP replied, whatever books (he
knew not what they were) that had been distributed
under resolution of last session. The refusal to in-
sert this amendment, he argued, amounted to noth-
ing less than a repudiation of payment for these
books, which a majority of this House had already
received. He maintaiiie:! that there, had been as
much petty demagoguing about this littlfi matter of
the distribution of books, as on any other Subject
which had ever come before this House. Whatever
circumstances might be brought to light in this mat-
ter, they might have the effect of which they were
worthy; but lie hoped they would not operate
against the payment of books already delivered and
received by members of Congress.
The blank in the amendment was filled by insert-
ing the sum of $87,755.
Mr. HOUSTON referred to an ineffectual at-
tempt he made, last winter, when the resolution of
the gentleman from Massachusetts, [Mr. Wis-
l'HROP,] to purchase these books, was under conside-
ration, to insert an amendment providing that no
more should be paid for the books purchased of
Gales & Seaton than was paid for books of equal
value purchased of the other publishers. Now, to
guard against extravagant charges for these works,
as well as other abuses, he thought it would be bet-
ter for the Committee of Ways and Means to bring
in a bill to provide payment for such as the House
was bound to take, accompanied by a report show-
ing the value of the books, and the prices charged
for them, together with the extent to which the mat-
ter was to be carried. Extravagant prices had cer-
tainly been charged; or why was it that books which
cost the House $600 had been frequently sold by
the members who, received them at from $150 to
#200?
Mr. McKAY remarked that th«re was a good
deal of force in what had been said by the gentle-
man from Alabama. The books had been received,
and therefore the House was bound to pay for them;
but something ought to be done to put a stop to the
practice of buying books; and perhaps the best mode
that could be adopted would be that sugges-
ted by the gentleman. He would, therefore,
propose that the committee reject the amend-
ment of the gentleman from Massachusetts,
and let the Committee of Ways and Means report
such a bill as would correct the abuses complained
of. The bill thus reported should appropriate such
a sum as would be sufficient to pay a fair price for
those books, (not the price charged by the publish-
ers, which was extravagantly high,) and containing
a provision repealing all the laws which sanction
their purchase.
Mr. WINTHROP here modified his amendment,
by inserting, after the word "dollars," the words,
"or as much thereof as may be necessary."
Some further remarks were made_ hy Messrs.
WINTHROP, TUCKER, and PATTERSON;
WTThe question was taken on Mr, WiNTHRor's
amendment, and dcCidti in the affirmative—ayes
87bn°moUon by Mr. J. W. DAVIS, the committee
Mr. McKAY submitted a resolution to terminate
debate in the Committee of the Whole on the state
of the Union on the bill under consideration at „
o'clock on Thursday next.
The House adjourned.
The following notices of petitions, presented to-
day, were handed to the reporters by the members
presenting them:
By Mr. BYTEtAM GREEN: The memorial of 54 inhabitants
of PultneyTille, Wayne county, New York, requesting Con-
gress to reduce the compensation of the collectors 01 the
revenue and their deputies on the sea and lake coasts.
By Mr.RELFE: The memorial of the citizens of the city
and county of St. Louis, in the State of Missouri, urging
Congress to make a radical change in the existing natu-
ralization laws: referred to the Committee on the Judi-
"b? Mr. ROBINSON: The petition ot R. Flench and 303
other citizens of New York, praying tor the repeal of the act
of Congress, passed February 12, 1793, in relation to lugi-
tive slatesi referred to the Committee on the Judiciary.
By Mr. McDOWELL: Sundry .petitions from Clermont
county, Ohio, praying for a horse-mail route from Goshen
to Westborough: referred to the Committee on the Post
Office and Pos.t Roads.
By Mr. ROGERS: The petition of 82 ladies of the town* -
of Salem, Hebron, and Argyle, Washington county, New
York, against the annexation of Texas, and in favor of the
abolition of slavery and the slave-trade in the District of
Columbia; referred to the Committee for the District of Co-
lumbia. _ „
By Mr. RATHBUN: The petition ofWm.lt. Woodotraws
others, to reduce the per diem of members of Congress ti?
iivejdollars, andjtravel iees to three dollars for twenty mil**'
travel: referred to the Committee on Retrenchment. The'
petition of the Speaker and the members of the legislature
of the State of New York, for the distribution of the reports
of the Supreme Court of the United States in the counties of
each State in the Union: inferred to the Committee on the
Library. , „
ByMr.MeCAUSLEN: The petition of sundry citizens ol
Carroll and Columbiana counties, in the State of Ohio,
praying for a mail-route from Steubenville by the way of
Somer-set Mitcliels, to New Lisbon: referred to the Com-
mittee on the Post Ofticc and Post Roads.
ay Mr. SCHENCK: The petition of John Hart and 177
other citizens of Montgomery county, Ohio, praying for an
appropriation to complete the Cumberland road. The pe-
tition of A. Banning Norton and 213 other citizens of Knox
county, Ohio, praying for a reduction of postage, and that
the franking privilege be abohblied.
By Mr. SCHENCK: The petition of Andrew H. Baker
and r>-2 others, citi/.ens of montgomery county, Ohio, pray-
ing for an appropriation to complete the Cumberland road.
By Mr. CLINTON: The petition of John W. Brown, Sam-
uel W.Eagle, and 103 others, of Newburg, New York,in
favor of a reduction of postage: referred to the Committee
ol the Whole.
By Mr. POLLOCK: The petition of C. D. Eldred and 6(?
others, citizens of Lycoming county, Pennsylvania, pray-
ing for the establishment of a mail route from Willsgrove,
in Lycoming county, to Canton, in Bradford county: refer-
red to the Committee on the Post Office and Post Roads.
By Mr. WHEATON: The petition of 97 citizens of the
townfof Clay, Onondaga county, New York, asking a re-
duction ol the rates of postage: referred4to the Committee
on the Post Office and Post Roads.
P.y Mr. ST. JOHN: The petition of Aaron Welsh and 79
other citizens of Wyandot county, Ohio, asking for a dona-
tion of a part of the town lots in the government town of
Upper Sandusky, for county purposes: referred to the Com-
mittee on Public Lands.
By Mr. FOSTER: The petition of John Mower and 26
other citi?ens of Bedford county, Pennsylvania, for theie-
duction of the rates ot postage to two cents, and to abolish
the franking privilege.
By Mr. J. B. HUNT: The petition of 19 citizens of the
State of Michigan, that no project for the annexation of
Texas be entertampd until slavery shall be wholly and for-
ever abolished within the limits of Texas: referred to the
Committee on Territories.
By Mr. WENT WORTH: The petition of Oakley ff.
Wright, of Iroquois, Illinois, for a pension.
By Mr. BRODHEAD: A petition, signed by 120 citizens
of the borough of Easton, Pennsylvania, praying for the
reduction of letter postage to two cents, and the abolition
of the franking privilege, &c.
By Mr. PRATT: The memorial of Ira D. Chatfield and
other cituens of Greene county, New York, praying for a
reduction of the rate of postage.
By Mr. SIMONS: The memorial of James Harper, mayor
of the city of New York, and others, editors and authors,
praying t'hat magazines and periodicals be placed on an
equal footing with newspapers in regard to postage.
By Mr DILLINGHAM: The petition of C. M. Rublee
and 70 otheis, cituens of Montpelier, Vermont, praying
that the Senile bill re'hieing postage may be passed by the
House of llepiebenfatives: referred to the Committee on
the Post Office and Tost Roads.
IN SENATE.
Wednesday, February 19,1845.
The PRESIDENT pro tern, laid before the Sen-
ate a communication from the War Department, ac-
