CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
309
cited to be admitted into the Union as a new State in our
republic.
"While France and England are trying in vain to effect a
treaty with their government, the United States have re-
newed, or are on the point of renewing, one that was con
eluded several years since. Thus every thing seems to fa-
vor and facilitate the accomplishment of an' enterprise
which, besides enhancing in no slight degree the national
glory of the United States, would be productive of the great-
est commercial advantages to its citizens."
But it is unnecessary to enlarge on this theme.
The Hon. Mr. Mercer, in his report during the third
session} of the 25th Congress, has done this ably
and fully, with the lights then before him. Suffice
it to say, that even yet no accurate data exist on
this subject; that the mode of obtaining that data is
alluded to in this petition; and that I respectfully ask
the reference of this paper to the Committee on
Roads and Canals.
On motion of Mr. HAMMETT, by general con-
sent, certain papers were permitted to be withdrawn
from the files of the House.
REPORT OF LIEUTENANT FREMONT.
On motion of Mr. BOWLIN, on leave, a resolu-
tion was adopted inquiring of the Secretary of War
the state of progress of the report of Lieutenant
Fremont, of his expedition to the west, of the Rocky
mountains; and whether the same can be prepared
to be laid before Congress during its present ses-
sion.
Mr. RAMSEY asked leave, and, objection being
made, moved a suspension of the rules, to move for
leave to introduce a bill, pursuant to notice, for the
relief of Jacob Heim.
The SPEAKER ruled the motion out of ordor, a
motion to suspend already pending.
TERMINATION OF DEBATE ON THE CIVII,
AND DIPLOMATIC APPROPRIATION BILL.
The resolution of Mr. McKav, of last evening,
for the termination, in Committee of the Whole on
the state of the Union, of debate on this bill came
up.
Mr. McKAY moved the previous question
Mr. ADAMS inquired of the Speaker if there
was a quorum in the House. Ho objected to the
question being put in the absence of a quorum.
The SPEAKER thought there was not a quorum
present. It could, however, be ascertained on count-
ing the House.
The question was taken on seconding the demand
for the previous question; and the vote stood, after
one or two countings, ayes 84, noes 03. A quorum
voting,
The main question was ordered; and being taken,
the resolution was agreed to.
Mr. WENTWORTIT moved that the House re-
solve itself into a Committee of the. Whole on the
state of the Union; but after some conversation,
withdrew it at the request of
FURNITURE FOR THE PRESIDENTIAL MAN-
SION.
Mr. SLTDELL, who moved to reconsider the
vote by which the hill making an appropriation for
the purchase of furniture for the President's House
was yesterday rejected.
He (Mr. S.) said he had voted yestesday with
the majority that rejected the bill introduced by the
Committee on Public Buildings and Grounds, ap-
propriating a certain sum of money, which he
considered not only moderate, but absolutely neces-
sary to place the President's House in a proper
state for the reception of the new incumbent. He
had thus voted for the sole purpose of moving a re-
consideration of that decision; and he should be
deeply mortified if he could have been supposed so
to have voted with any other object.
And now having the flsor, he would state very
briefly the reasons why the vote of yesterday
should be reconsidered. If the question were now
presented for the first time; if the House had not
been erected at the expense of the nation, and set
apart as the residence of its chief magistrate; or
even if the promblem were now presented for the
solution of the representatives of the people, in a
pnoper and legitimate form, whether this building,
which for so many years, and during the best days
of the republic, had been occupied by the greatest
and purest men, whose names are written m im-
perishable characters in the annals of the American
people, should be appropriated to some other, and, as
some would have, more useful objects,—he would be
much embarrassed what course to pursue. Were
the question now presented to him in that
form for decision, he would perhaps be rather
inclined to say that the establishment was on a
scale somewhat inconsistent with the tone of repub-
lican simplicity which should distinguish tjs as a
people. Certain he was, that if the mere conve-
nience, comfort, or domestic ease of the President
were to be considered, no man who had yet'occu-
pied that mansion, could he have been consulted,
would have hesitated for one moment to say, "Re-
lieve me from the obligations, the restraints, and the
ceremony which such a residence will impose." But
this was not a question of mere personal preference
on the part of our Chief Magistrate, federalist or
whig, republican or democrat. It was one which
should be examined and discussed in all its various
and complicated bearings and relations. There was
no time now for such an examination; and were he
disposed to discuss it fully, he knew that the House
was not in a humor long to listen very complacent-
ly; and he had not the vanity to suppose that when
many more gifted than lie had failed, he should
prove an exception to the general rule of impatience
and weariness which always exists here to a certain
extent, but which has peculiarly characterized this
session. He had not had the time to examine
whether any law imposed upon the President the
obligation of occupying the house which the nation
had prepared for his reception; but, in the absence of
any law, custom and public opinion (in such cases
as imperative as law) required that there, and there
only, he should take up his abode dining his
presidential term. He had no option. It was not
James K. Polk, of Tennessee, who was to decide,
but the President of the United States—not the man,
but the office. That residence, a legal, or at least
a quasi legal one, (whether wisely created or not, as
he had said before h# would not stop to determine,)
imposed upon him obligations from which he could
not escape, without subjecting him, and justly, too,
to imputations which hp hoped could never fairly
attach to a President elected by the American de-
mocracy. Those obligations were the dispensation,
not of a profuse or splendid, but of a decent hosp'-
tahty to the representatives of the States and of the
people, to the ministers of foreign powers resident
here, and to such other persons, whether citizens or
foreigners, whose talents or virtues would recom-
mend tliem to his notice. Custom, too —a custom,
too^ in his opinion, more honored in the breach than
the observance—had almost rendered obligatory a
more extended exercise of this hospitality, and the
President would piobably feel himself bound to
throw open his rooms, at certain slated mlenals, to
all who might choose to enter ther'1.
Mr. S. here said that he hope;! thai in this he would
not be tnisuildorxlood. He considered that free access
to the Chief Magistrate of the republic at certain con-
venient hours and on as many days in the week as
might lie consistent with the proper discharge of his
varied and important duties, was the right of
every American citizen, however humble might
be his lot—whether his visit was prompted
by business, private or public, or by that
natural and, as he thought, praiseworthy curiosity
which induced men to desire to approah and con-
verse withthose who had been distinguished by the
favor of the country. ] le did not wish to environ
the President with the ceremony and etiquette w hich,
however necessary they may he to keep up the
prestige of a monarchy, are totally at variance with
the habits and the character of our people. Mere,
then, was the true, state of the case—the question
which we ore now called upon to decide—shall the
house erected for the President of the United Stales,
in which he is compelled to live for the next four
years, the property of the nation, be furnished at the
expense of the nation? He would not enter into the
miserable petty details of this question. Even the
honorable member from Tennessee, who had ob-
jected most strenuously to this bill, and who, if lie
mistook not, was a member of the committee by
which the, bill was reported, and as such visited and
examined the house, admitted all that he thought
necessary for the purpose of his argument, and,^ni
fact, made a speech (unintentionally he was sure)
which will justify the most straight-laeed economist,
before, the most illiberal constituency in the Union'
in voting for the bill as it now stands. Mr. s'
would not follow him through the mazes of this
Castle Rackrent, and repeat the melancholy invento-
ry of dilapidated mahogany, tattered hangings, and
worn-out carpets Of all things, the most disgusting
is dirty finery, he would not say to a man of re-
finement, (for to some ears such a-word might be
distasteful,) but to one who has been accus-
tomed at home to the common decencies
of life. He was sure that there was not a member
on this floor who could not contrast favorably his
own fire-side with that of the President, as deline-
ated by the faithful and graphic pencil of the honor-
able gentleman from Tennessee. It is admitted,
then, on all sides, that new furniture is required for
the presidential mansion; and we have but two points
to decide. Is this furniture to be paid for out of the
public treasury? and how much should be appropri-
ated for that purpose? The gentleman from Ten-
nessee has taken the broad ground that the house
should be furnished at "the cost of the President.
He admits, to the fullest extent, the necessity of in-
curring the expense, and estimates it asr a deduction
from his salary, .during his time of office, of
twenty thousand dollars. Now, has it occurred to
him that the necessary consequence of his position
is a flagrant violation of the constitution? He must
be too familiar with that sacred instrument to re-
quire a quotation of that clause of it which states
that the President shall receive, for his public ser-
vices, a compensation which shall neither bejn-
creased nor diminished during the period for which
he shall have been elected. We fixed, at the last
session, by our appropriation bill, his salary of
twenty-five thousand dollars.' Since the first build-
ing of the house—somewhere, he believed, about
1796—Congress had regularly made, appropriations
for furnishing it. He found, by reference to the re-
port of the worthy and useful member from New York
the chairman of the Committee on Public Buildings,
made last year, that the first was made for this pur-
pose in March, 1797, and that they have since been
continued at every presidential term. Does not this
uninterrupted usage of fifty years amount to a guar-
anty that, without a previous legislative notice, so
long at least as the House is occupied by the Pres-
ident,thecostoffurnishingitshould not be abstracted
from his salary. The only remaining question was,
how much should be appropriated. On this point,
Mr. S. said that, having in the general no safer rule
of conduct, he relied upon the standing committees
of the House for the details of appropriation, when
he was prepared to give his assent to the principle
upon which they were based. He knew little about
those matters—nothing indeed but what he had gath-
ered from his own experience—and that would lead
him to suppose that the committee had not made an
extravagant estimate; but if he had entertained any
doubts on this score, they were removed by the re-
port before, referred to, where he found that, from
1797 up to the present time—n pf-iiod of 48 years or
1^ terms—the total expenditme for furnishing tha
President's House was §200,000, an average of about
$17,200 per term. But thon it would be recollected
that but $6,000 were appropriated dering Mr. Ty-
ler's administration: so that, in fact, the hill was in-
tended to repair the waste for seven years, instead of
four; and the appropriation wa3 much below the
average.
And here, by the way, (said Mr. S.) as he could
not now be suspected of any attempt to flatter or
conciliate the high functionary who was so soon
about to take his departure from the White House,
he nn'sht lie permitted to say that, in this respect,
he had been treated by Congress in a manner little
consistent with the dignity of the nation, or the good
taste or the good feeling of its legislators. What-
ever disatisfaction he may have given to either party,
he was a constitutional President, and was entitled^
in matters of this sort, to the same measure of jus-
tice as his predecessors. Mr. S. said that perhaps
he ought to dismiss the subject; but he could not re-
frain from making some comment upon the division of
yesterday, in connection with amotion which he in-
tended to make for a call of the House, previous to
taking the final vote on the bill. He knew that
many members were attracted by the debate on the
absorbing question of the day at the other end of
the building; but he, could not be blind to the fact
thfit many others of both parties were absent, or
failed to answer, for other reasons. He did not cen-
sure gentlemen on the other side either for abstain-
ing from voting at all or voting against the bill, m
opposition to their well-known, and in many in-
stances recorded, opinions. Although he perhaps
might not have chosen to do so himself, he thought
that fault could not reasonably be found with
that sort of political strategy by which the bill
was defeated. If a democratic Congress could not
find a majority in its own ranks in favor of
decently furnishing the mansion of a democratic
President, they had no right to expect that the
Whigs would help them out of the difficulty He
had always consideied that one of the capital errors
of the federal party had been the underrating tii§
