CONGRESSIONAL GLOfifc.
Ml
committee said a discussion on railroad iron was not
in order, under this amendment.
Mr. BLACK said he did not desire to be out of
order; but he would, nevertheless, suggest to the
Chairman that iron and coal might be necessary to
supply the presidential mansion, and hence this de-
bate might be pertinent. However, he only now
desired the gentlemen opposite to say if they would
furnish railroad iron as cheap as it could be pro-
cured from Europe. He wished them to answer
that plain question. Gentlemen had failed to an-
swer him, and therefore he had nothing more to
say on that subject. He hoped the amendment
would prevail.
Mr. OWEN stated that he understood the'carpet
before them, of American manufacture, would cost
$3 per yard, while carpeting of the same quality
could be imported at $1 25. [Cries of, Oh, no, you
are mistaken.] This, it would be perceived, would
make about 100 per cent. difference in the expense
of carpeting this House.
Mr. J. STEWART inquired if the gentleman
from Indiana would prefer the British manufacture,
even at a lower price.
Some confused conversation ensued, in the course
of which Mr. PATERSON made some remarks on
theprice of Wilton carpeting before them.
The amendment to the amendment was then
agreed to.
Mr. E. J. BLACK then submitted his amendment
in these words:
Provided, It can be obtained an the same terms as it can
be had from the foreign manufacturer.
Mr. WENTWORTH suggested to his friend
from Pennsylvania, [Mr. Stewart,] whether it
would not be best to distribute the proceeds of the
sale of the old furniture among the different States,
seeing distribution was his favorite object.
The vote on the amendment to the amendment,
moved by Mr. Black, was negatived—50 m the af-
firmative, and 63 in the negative.
The amendment was then agreed to as amend-
ed.
ELECTRO-MAGNETIC TBLBGRAPH.
Mr. J P. KENNEDY offered ail amendment to
appropriate $8,000 for defraying the expenses for
tfie year of the magnetic telegraph between Wash-
ington and Baltimore, said sum to be disbursed un-
der the direction of the Postmaster General. During
the last Congress,he said, an appropriation of$30,000
had been made for the establishment of this tele-
graph. He had recently received a communication
from the gentleman at the head of this telegraph,
stating that the appropriation was entirely expend-
ed, and that the thing must rest unless some funds
were appropriated. It was in contemplation, as
proposed m this amendment, to put it under the
superintendence ol the Postmaster General, in or-
der that he mi^ht make out, a tariff of charges for
the transmission of infoinmtion by this means. It
was supposed that the receipts in this way might
go a considerable way towards defraying the ex-
penses of the establishment. Here was a work of
this importance between Baltimore and this city
which was now suspended for want of funds, and
which, if neglected and suffered to remain idle and
without attention, would go to ruin. There was
also, as was known, a brlt now on the table for the
extension of this work to New York. Gentlemen,
from this statement of facts, must see the propriety
of the appiopriation proposed.
Having made this explanation now as the only
opportunity for it, he withdrew his amendment to
offer it when they came to the proper place in the
bill.
On motion of Mr. McKAY, an amendment was
adopted of $2,000 for extra clerk hire in copying in
the Department of State.
Mr. THOMPSON moved an amendment to the
clause appropriating for the Treasurer of the United
States, his clerk, &c., providing that hereafter the
salary of the clerk (which he explained to be a very
responsible office) should be $1,600.
After a word of conversation between Messrs.
McKAY and THOMPSON,
The amendment was rejected.
Mr. HALE moved an amendment^ to deduct from
the appropriation for the Register of the Treasury
and for the Treasurer, $788; which sum had been
illegally received (he said) by those respective offi-
cers for signing treasury notes, for which no extra
compensation should have been gi\ en, and he
caused to be read letters from the late Auditor of the
Treasury, Hon. Tully R. Wise, to show it had been
rejected over and over by him. He also referred to
express provisions of law against such a charge.
Pending the question on this amendment.
The committee rose and reported progress.
Mr. HARPER, at the instance (he said) of the
Committee on Expenditures in the Post Office De-
partment, asked leave to offer a resolution author-
izing that committee to send for persons and papers.
Mr. HOPKINS and many other gentlemen ob-
jected. •
Mr. HARPER moved a suspension of the rules
for its reception.
Pending this motion,
The House adjourned.
The following notices of petitions presented to-
day, were handed to the reporters by the members
presenting them:
33y Mr. MOSRliEY: The petition of citizens of Buffalo,
New York, for a reduction of the ratea of postage, and abol-
ishing the franking privilege.
By Mr. TYLER: The petition of M. C Pemming, and
others, of Seneca county, New York, praying for the reduc-
tion ol the rates of postage.
By Mr. ROBINSON. The petition of W. \V. Wilton, and
117 other citj/.ens of Hamilton, New York, praying for the
passage of the Senate bill reducing the rates of postage,
which was referred to the Committee of the Whole on the
state ofthe Union
By Mr. SIMONS: The petition of the Hon. Mr. Whit-
tlesey, and 113 others, citizens of Danhury, in Connecticut,
praying the House of Representatives to pass the law
adopted by the Senate for the reduction ofpostage: referred
to the Appropriate Committee.
By Mr. POLLOCK: The petition of Samuel Hepburn and
31 others, citi7ens of Northumberland county, Pennsyl-
vania, proving the concurrence of the House of Represent-
atives m the bill reducing postage, and passed by the Sen-
ate. Also, the petition of Robert Fleming, and 101 others,
citizens of L> coming county, Pennsylvania, praying that
the bill passed by the Senate, reducing the rates ol postage,
may be enacted into a law.
By Mr tlOGK: The petition of Biigham Young and 15
others, citizens of Nanvoo, 111 the State of Illinois, praying
Congress to grant them the privilege of erecting a dam in
the Mississippi nver, opposite said city of Nauvoo, lor the
improvement of the navigation of said river: referred to the
Committee on Roads and Canals.
By Mr. THOMASSON: The petition of John Blackwcll
and others, asking that lands may bo given to poor families
who ore not able to purchase: referred to the Committee on
Public Lands. Also, the petition of .James Smith, on behalf
of Benjamin Kcilm, an insane soldiei, pm> ing a pension:
referred to the Committee 011 Invalid Pensions
Mr. RATUBUN: The petition of Enoch Perkins for rev-
olutionary pension, due to his father Zopher Perkins at his
deeease. refeired to the Committee on Revolutionary Pen-
sions.
By Mr. WIIEATON: The memorial of 17 members of the
bar of Onondaga county, New Voik, asking that piovision
may be made to have tlie reports ol the Snpivme Court of
the Tinted States placed with the statutes m the several
comity clerks'ot!Yes of the ( mon: leferred to the Com-
mittee on the Judiciary.
By Mr. LhONARf): The petition of John C. Alstaadt, for
payuu nt ol a claim lor goods furnished to the New \oik
custom-housf. referred to the Committee of Claims.
By Mr. A. SMITH: The petition of S. O. Hoden and oth-
ers,"citizens of Batavia, New Yoik, praying for a reduction
m the rates ot postage.
By Mr. II. DODGK: Seven petitions, signed by 308 citi-
zens of the Teriitory of Wisconsin, asking Congiess for
the establishment of a mail route, commencing at Prairie-
ville, via Genesee, Eagle, Whitewater, Foit Atkinson,
Shell's, Lake, Mahews. and Cottage Grove, to Madison, the
seat of government in «aid Teiritory: referred to the Com-
mittee on the Post Office and Post Roads. The memorial of
"2 citizens of Racine county, Territory of Wisconsin, re-
monstrating against changing the mail route from the town
of Racine to Janesviile, in said Territory: referred to the
Committee on the Post Oftioe and I'o^t Roads. The resolu-
tion of the legislative assembly of the Territory of Wis-
consin, asking Congress lor an appropriation lor the con-
struction of a harbor at the mouth ofShebojgan river, on
the western shore of Lake Michigan, m said Territory: re-
ferred to the Committee on Commerce. The resolution of
the legislative assembly of the Territory of Wisconsin,
asking Congress for an appropriation for a revolving light
at Sank llarboi, on the western shore of Lake Michi-
gan, 111 said Territory: referred to the Committee on Com-
merce.
TN SENATE.
Thursday, February 20, 1845.
On motion of Mr. BERRIEN, the raiding of the
journal was dispensed with.
Mr. FOSTER inquired of the Chair whether (here
was any rule which authorized a call of the Senate.
He was anxious that some of the gentlemen on the
other side, who had voted for an early hour of
meeting, and who were now absent, should he ap-
prised of their absence through a call of the Sen-
ate.
The CHAIR said there was such a rule.
Mr. FOSTER said he would not press a call this
morning, but merely give warning that he would
do so at another time.
Mr. CLAYTON presented resolutions adopted
by the legislature of Delaware, in opposition to the
annexation sf Texas, to the United States: ordered
to lie on the table.
Mr. HUNTINGTON presented a memorial
from anumber of citizens of Denham and Middlefield,
Connecticut, remonstrating against the annexation
of annexation of Texas to the United States.
Mr. H. also presented a memorial from citizens
of Massachusetts, representing that a newspaper,
the "Sheet Anchor," devoted to the interests of sea-
men, would, if distributed amotfg them, be produc-
tive of great good; and requesting that a fund might
be placed at the disposition of the Secretary of War,
to be applied"in his discretion to that object: refer-
red to the Committee ,on Naval Affairs.
Mr. BATES presented resolutions of the legis-
lature of Massachusetts, requesting the senators
and representatives from that State to urge the pas-
sage of a law providing for the publication and dis-
tribution of the decisions of the Supreme Court of
the United States among the judicial tribunals ofthe
States, executive officers, and public libraries, or
more important institutions of the country: ordered
to lie on the table.
On motion by Mr. BAYARD, on the recom-
mendation of the Committee on the Library, .600
copies, in addition to the usual quantity—200 of
which to be for the use of the department—.were
ordered to be printed of the report from the Navy
Department giving information of the depot of
charts and instruments at Washington city.
Mr. CHOATE, from the Committee on the Li-
brary, reported a joint resolution for the distribu-
tion of copies of the journal and other documents,
printed under the order of Congress, to each of the
incorporated scientific institutions in the several
States and Territories; which was read and ordered
to be printed.
On motion by Mr. CHOATE, the Committee
on the Library was discharged from the further
consideration of the memorial of the New York in-
stitution for the deaf and dumb, praying for a dona-
tion of congressional documents.
Mr. FOSTER, from the Committee on Claims,
reported back, With an amendment, and with a rec-
ommendation that it do pass, the House bill enti-
tled an act for the lelief of Daniel Homans.
Also, from the same committee, to which was re-
ferred the memorial of Robert Parkis, of Rhode
Island, praying compensation for the recapture of a
merchant vessel last war, reported ajoint resolution
authorizing the payment of a sum of money to Rob-
ert Parkis; which was read, and ordered to second
reading.
Mr. CRITTENDEN, from the Committee on
Military Affairs, reported back, with amendments,
the bill providing for the payment of certain milita-
ry service in Florida.
Mr. BERRIEN, from the Committee on the Ju-
dicary, reported back, without amendment, and with
a recommendation that it do pass, the bill suppls-
mentary to the act for the better organization ofthe
district courts of the United States within the State
of Louisiana, and for other purposes.
On motion by Mr. BERRIEN, the previous or-
ders of the day were postponed, and the above bill—
which provided merely for the transfer of certain
business from the circuit court of the United States
to the district court of that State—was taken up
for consideration as in committee of the whole; and,
after a few explanatory remarks by that senator,
was reported to the Senate, and ordered to be en-
grossed for a third reading.
On motion by Mr. BAYARD, the report referred
to the Committee on Naval Affairs, a few days ago,
from the Navy Department, showing the length of
sea and other services of the commissioned offi-
cers and passed midshipmen, was ordered to be
prin ted.
On motion by Mr. ARCHER, the Committee on
Foreign Relations was discharged from the further
consideration of the petition of John Strobecker,
praying to be indemnified for the loss of the insu-
rance of the, schooner Enterprise, which was seized
and confiscated by the British authorities in 1835.
The PRESIDENT pro tem laid before the Senate
the following message; which was read, and,
On motion by Mr. ARCHER, ordered to be
printed, and Referred to the Committee on Foreign
Relations, viz:
To the Setude of the United States-
In answer to the resolution of the Senate of the 11th De-
cember, 1844, requesting the President to lay before the
Senate, if, m hls judgment, that may be done without preju-
dice to the public interests, a copy of any instructions
Which may have been given by the executive to the Z.meri-
