314
can minister in England, on the subject of the title to and
MaTmi ^:IeTlit°7 0i 0reS°n' '*'<*> theilth day^if
a/so, a copy of any correspondence which may
BriteKrLf V^thls government and that of Great
mi^^Sf tho oThif ^er°( r6 *7° governments and the
to S?V ti,'? .reIatIon ^ that subject since that
S3n?vSay !hat>m mY opinion, as the negotiation is
still pending-, the information sought for cannot he commu-
nicated without prejudice to the public service. I deem it
however proper to add, that considerable proeress'has been
been made m the discussion, which has been carrie'd on in a
ve^amicable spirit between the two governments; and that
th? \ Se th?1 if ma>' be terminated, and
period brought to a close, within a short
I have delayed answering the resolution, underthe expec-
tation expressed in my annual message, that the negotia-
tion would have been terminated before the rlose of the
present session of Congress, and that the information called
cated resolution of the Senate might becommuni-
w r, u « JOHN TYLER.
washington, Feb 19, 1845.
Mr. WHITE presented, certain documents re-
specting the claim of Thompson Barnetts; which
were referred to the Committee on the Post Office
and Post Roads.
On motion by Mr. MILLER, the previous orders
of the day were postponed, and the bill to change
the time of holding the circuit and criminal courts
of the county of Washington in the District of Co-
lumbia, was taken up for consideration, as in com-
mittee of the whole, considered, reported to the Sen-
ate, and being engrossed, was read the third time,
and passed.
On motion by Mr. ARCHER, the previous or-
ders of the day were postponed," and the biil from
the House to authorize the sale of two Arabian
horses, received as a present by the consul of the
United States at Zanzibar, from the Imaum of Mus-
cat, was taken up for consideration, as in committee
of the whole, considered, reported to the Senate,
read the third time, and passed.
Mr. EVANS said that a bill introduced by the
senator from Georgia, to remit duties on railroad
iron, had been referred to the Committee on Pi-
nance, and also several memorials upon the subject.
The committee had instructed him to move the re-
jection of that bill, and to report two other bills in
its stead. He moved, therefore, that that bill be laid
upon the table: the motion was agreed to.
Mr. E. then reported a bill to authorize the im-
portation of railroad iron free of duty, in certain
cases; and a bill to remit the duties which have ac-
crued, or been paid, upon the importation of railroad
iron in certain cases; which were read, and ordered
to a second reading.
THE HOUR or MEETING.
Mr. WHITE remarked that yesterday he voted
with a majority for the resolution providing that
the daily hour of meeting shall he 10 o'clock, a. m.
He therefore moved that that vote be reconsidered.
Mr. WALKER demanded the yeas and nays;
which were ordered.
Mr. WHITE desired the reconsideration of the
vote, with the view of adopting the original resolu-
tion, fixing 11 o'clock for the hour of meeting.
The question was then taken on the proposition to
reconsider, and decided in the affirmative—yeas 25,
nays 21, as follows:
YEAS—Messrs. Archer, Barrow, Bates, Bayard, Berrien,
Choate, Clayton, Crittenden, Daytoa, Evans, Foster, Fran-
cis, Huntington, Jarnagin, Johnson, Mangum, Miller, More-
head, Phelps, Porter, Rives, Simmons, Upham, White, and
Woodbridge—25.
NAYS—Messrs. Allen, Ashley, Atchison, Atherton, Bag-
by, Breese, Buchanan, Colquitt, Dickinson, Dix, Fairfield,
Hannegan, Huger, Lewis, Merrick, Semple, Sevier, Stur-
geon, Tappan, Walker, and Woodbury—'<51.
Mr. "WHITE moved to amend the resolution by
striking out ]0 o'clock and inserting 11 o'clock as
the hour for meeting.
The question was taken, and it was agreed to.
The question recurring on the adoption of the
resolution, it was put, and carried in the affirmative.
Mr. SIMMONS, from the Committee on Print-
ing, reported in favor of printing 5,000 copies extra
of the abstract of the treaty with China. The re-
port was concurred in.
Mr. ARCHER, from the Committee on Foreign
Relations, reported back, without amendment, and
with a recommendation that they be indefinitely
postponed, the joint resolution relating to the claim
of American citizens upon the government of Mexi-
co, and the bill to provide for the adjustment and
settlement of the claims of citizens of the United
States with the republic of Mexico.
Mr. WOODBRIDGE, from the Committee on
Public Lands, made an adverse report on the peti-
tion of citizens of Missouri, praying for the discon- .
CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
tinuance of the land district at Palmyra and Payette
and for a new land office; which was ordered to be
printed.
On motion by Mr. JARNAGIN, the engrossed
bill for the relief of the legal representatives of
George Duval, a Cherokee Indian, deceased, was
taken up for consideration.
On motion by Mr. J,, and by the general consent
of the Senate, it was so amended as "toauthorize the
Secretary of War to hear testimony, and ascertain
what sum was a fair compensation for the legal rep-
resentatives of George Duval, a Cherokee, deceased,
for depredations committed on his property in the
year 1828 by American citizens," instead of appro-
priating unconditionally to that object the sum of
$4,000.
Mr. SEVIER said he had no objection to the
amendment.
The bill, as amended, was then read the third
time and passed.
The engrossed bill vesting in the county commis-
sioners of the county of Wyandot, the right to cer-
tain town lots, and out-lots in the town of Upper
Sandusky, in the State of Ohio, was read the third
time and passed.
FRENCH SPOLIATIONS.
On motion of Mr. ARCHER, the bill providing
for the satisfaction of claims due American citizens
for spoliations committed by the French prior to
1800, was taken up on its third reading.
Mr. McDUFFIE said he had attempted to show,
the other'day, the strong presumption against these
claims, arising from their antiquity. The depreda-
tions were committed by the French as iong ago as
forty-five years; and the rational presumption arising
from this great lapse of time, and the silent acqui-
escence of the petitioners, would be absolutely con-
clusive evidence against them, according to the uni-
versal principle of jurisprudence prevailing all over
the civilized world. This presumption the petition-
ers, he was aware, had attempted to rebut, by show-
ing that, as early as 1802, a portion of them, fifteen
or twenty out of a thousand, had applied to Con-
greps; but he, at least, assumed that the presump-
tion arising out of the application then made was
counteracted by the fact, thai Congress rejected the
claims.
After that rejection, they remained silent till 1807,
when a small portion of them again applied to Con-
gress. The claim was then unsuccessful; and they
again acquiesced in the decision of the government,
up to the year 1818. In that year the claim was
again rejected. In 1822 and 1824 successively by
the House of Representatives, the claims were
again and again rejected; and up to the year 1827,
with the exceution of a very inconclusive report in
1807 by Mr. Marion of South Carolina, every re-
port upon the subject had been unfavorable to the
claims. In that year the claimants applied to Con-
gress, and the claim was rejected by the Committee
on Foreign Relations of the House, on the ground
that they (the claimants) had furnished no evidence
in support of their claim. It was an extraordinary
fact, that all the appications that had ever been
made to Congress, (Mr. McDuffie) could not find
any proof whatever that a tittle of evidence had ever
presented to Congress.
Mr. Marion, although he rejected the claim, sub-
mitted a very long report to show that, upon the
principles of justice and policy, if the evidence had
been good, these claims ought to have been satisfied.
This report, made upon the application of a few in-
dividuals, seemed to have the charm, like the voice of
Glendower, of calling up spirits from the vasty deep.
A very short time after, these claims numbered up
to a thousand; and now they are again brought be-
fore us, preceded by a long and labored argument in
favor of their leg&lity and justice; and these claims,
which have been slumbering in dust for forty-five
years, all at once spring up like shades from the
grave.
He wished to call the attention of the Senate to a
few facts. "Who are these claimants'—where are
they? Are they living men, or shades? He believed
the halls of the Capitol were haunted by ghosts
stepping about in the shape of defunct, claims held
by speculators, who were prosecuting them with a
zeal corresponding with the interest they had in
them.
How many of the thousand were poor widows
and orphans, to whom these claims originally be-
longed? How many of these widows and orphans
were presenting their claims to Congress? Are we
to pass upon these claims for the benefit of living
men, or of their shades and ghosts? These claimants
do not, in fact, present themselves. They coin® not
in the form of living men, but step about like ghosts
at midnight. He feared there was "something rot-
ten in the State of Denmark." He did not perceive
who were the persons who were to be benefited by
this five million of dollars, which the honorable sen-
ator from Massachusetts [Mr. Choate] had said
was not a beginning'.
Mr. CHOATE here interrupted the honorable
senator to read from an estimate the original sum.
It was twelve millions of dollars. In the bill the
committee had only named five millions as a con-
sideration for all the claims.
Mr. McDUFFIE, in continuation, said he was
glad to hear it—that would be the last of it, at any
rate. But he should like to know and to see who
are to be benefited by this five million of dollars.
However he might think the government responsi-
ble for these claims, he would not pass this bill un-
der the circumstances; he would at least have the
names of the applicants.
Having adverted to the„facts raising a presump-
tion agamst these claims, he begged leave to call the
attentionof the Senate to several facts connected
with their history. He had stated before that the
treaty of guaranty between the United States and
France, in 1778, was, to all intents and purposes, an
absolute nullity in 1800, in consequence of France
having, by her hostilities, absolved this govern-
ment from its obligations; and our own act of Con-
gress of 1798, renouncing the old treaty, when the
government of the United States was said to have
surrendered these claims on the condition that
France should surrender her claims also. Now, if
he should not demonstrate that upon two distinct
grounds, the treaty of 1778—theguaranty treaty—
was null and void as regards the "obligations of the
United States, he would guaranty to pay out of his
own fortune a portion of this five or ten millions to
these claimants. What was the, state of the rela-
tions between the two countries in the year 1798?
He believed it"was a principle adopted m the
laws of nations, that if one of the parties in a com-
pact between two nations violates that compact, the
other party is absolved from its obligations. On
the same duy with the treaty of guaranty in 1778,
the convention of commerce was made; and it stipu-
lated that the United States should have unlimited
right of trade with England—with English produc-
tions and English provinces; and the merchants of
England might send their merchandise to the United
States. What was the subsequent conduct of
France? By a decree of the French government, it,
was declared that not only English merchandise, on
board American vessels, but the property of Ameri-
can citizens on board the said vessels, and the ves-
sels themselves, should be forfeited. Under author-
ity of this decree these spoliations were made by
French armed vessels.
It was a principle, recognised as a principle of law
among nations, that a war between two nations ex-
tinguishes all previous treaty obligations; and when
that war closes, they stand in regard to the stipula-
tions of that treaty precisely as if the treaty had
never been made. On one question he was aware
that there was a diversity of opinion. It had been
said that the United States were not at war with
France, because no formal declaration of war had
been made by Congress, the war-making power of
the government. In 1798, Congress passed a law
authorizing the President to fit out ships of war to
seize the French armed vessels. These vessels of
the French, to the number of eighty, were seized,
confiscated, and condemned by the tribunal of the
United States. It was peifectly clear, then, that
whatever technical disguise might be thrown over
these transactions, it was war. w"ar was made by
the United States, and it was made against France-
Whatever the. French commissioner and Ameri-
can commissioner might have assumed at the com-
mencement of the negotiation which terminated in
1800, they both assumed that they were upon a war
basis. [Here Mr. McD. read extracts from the re-
ports of both the commissioners in support of his
arguments.]
After touching upon a variety of historical points,
he concluded by observing that there never was any
authority for these claims from the beginning. It
was introducing a principle by which every blow
struck at our commerce by an enemy, would be a
blow struck at, our treasury. He was unwilling,
also, to delegate to a body of commissioners the
power to abjudicate these claims. He would not
give them the power to decide upon a claim to the
