CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
815
amount of $500, much less one of §5,000,000, upon
the principle laid down in the bill. If he believed
that this government W8S responsible for the pay-
ment of these claims—-if he was perfectly satisfied
that the honor and sacred obligations of the govern-
ment were involved in the payment of them, he
would still never consent that any commission of
three men, subject to ten thousand temptations,
should have the power to decide upon them.
Mr. CHOATE begged leave to say a few words
in reply. He would begin by correcting at once
the misapprehension under which he was sure the
honorable senator from South Carolina [Mr. Mc-
Duffie] labored, in regard to these claims being
brought forward by speculators; and for that pur-
pose he read the clause in the bill which provides
that in all cases of transfer the claimant shall only
be entitled to receive the amount paid for the
claim.
In reply to another objection urged by the honora-
ble senator, who said that the long lapse of time
during which these claimants remained in a state of
quiescence, was a strong presumption that the
claims were good for nothing, he entered into an
argument to show that during all that lapse of time
there had been an uninterrupted, though unavailing,
prosecution of those claims. He was sure that the
honorable senator's sense of justice, if he had
looked a little more into the details of these cases,
would have led him to a very different conclusion.
These claimants were from twenty-four States of
the Union—some from South Carolina. He held a
list of them in his hand. There were 1,011 indi-
viduals in all, of whom more than 900 claimed in
their own person. Of the original claimants, there
were 460 still living.
The debate was further continued by Mr. Mc-
DUFPIE in opposition to, and Mr. ARCHER in
favor of, the prayer of the claimants."
On motion by Mr. BENTON, who desired to
express his views in opposition to these claims, the
further consideration of the bill was postponed un-
til to-morrow.
THE TEXAS RESOLUTION.
The resolution submitted by Mr. Ali.en, yester-
terday, providing that the special order—the resolu-
tion admitting the State of Texas—shall be proceed-
ed with, until otherwise ordered, at 12 o'clock, in-
stead of 1 o'clock, was taken up for consideration.
Mr. CRITTENDEN remarked that, with no
disposition to prevent a prosecution of the subject
involved in the special order, lie submitted whether
1 o'clock was not a better hour to resume the con-
sideration of it, and more compatible with what was
due to the business before Congress, than 12
o'clock. It was impossible that tlie subject of an-
nexing Texas could be permitted to preclude action,
as far ^as this proposed change would do so, on
other necessary business. He expressed the hope
that they would be permitted to occupy two hours
in the morning before the general subject was ta-
ken up.
Mr. ALLEN remarked that a few days only
were left of the session, which showed the necessity
of economizing time. If the special order was call-
ed at 12 instead of 1 o'clock, they could have two
speeches a day upon it; whereas, if 1 o'clock was
insisted upon by the opponents of annexation, there
was danger that they would have but one speech a
day. He could see no good reason why one hour
was not now sufficient to dispose of the morning
business, as it was previous to the passage of the
resolution for an earlier hour of meeting. If the
subject of annexation was not disposed of soon,
those other great questions—Oregon, and the admis-
sion of the States of Iowa and Florida—must have
the go-by. With a desire that these subjects should
receive the action of Congress this session, he was
compelled, from a sense of duty, to press the reso-
lution. If gentlemen on the other side had no dis-
position to give those important subjects the go-by,
they certainly would co-operate in the adoption of
the resolution for a change of the hour for the con-
sideration of the special order.
Messrs. BERRIEN and CRITTENDEN insist-
ed that two hours in the morning were necessary
to dispose of other business of not less impor-
tance—because of its necessity—than the resolu-
tion for annexing Texas.
Mr. ALLEN demanded the yeas and nays on the
adoption of his resolution; which being ordered, the
question was taken, and decided in the negative—
yeas 23, nays 23, as follows:
yjEAS—Messrs. Allen, Ashley, Atchison, Atherton, Bag-
by, Benton, Buchanan, Colquitt, Dickinson, Dix, Fairfield,
Henderson, Huger, Lewis, McDuftie, Merrick, JNlle!5, -
pie, Sevier, Sturgeon, Tappan, Walker, and Woodbury
NAYS—Mtssrs Archer, Barrow, Bates, Bayard, Berrien,
Choate, Clayton, Crittenden, Dayton, Evans, "ancis,
Huntington, Jarnagin, Johnson, Mangum, Miller, More-
head, Phelps, Porter, Simmons, Upham, White, ana Y\ ood-
bridge—'23.
s/ ANNEXATION OF TEXAS.
The Senate then proceeded to the consideration
of the special order, the joint resolution from the
House for admitting Texas as a State into the
Union,—the question being on the indefinite post-
ponement of that subject.
Mr. COL&UITT being entitled to the floor, ad-
dressed the Senate for about an hour and three
quarters in support of the joint resolution of the
House now under consideration. It had not been
his intention, at this late period of the session, to
speak on the subject; for, although he had given it
his most anxious consideration when first intro-
duced, in expectation of a much earlier action of Con-
gress, he had, since he found it so long protracted,
given up the idea of doing more than recording his
vote; and he was not, therefore, prepared to offer
more than a few desultory remarks on the general
question, which he now did at the instance of some
of the friends of annexation not themselves ready
to proceed with the discussion without further ref-
erences which they desired to make.
Ho found in the report of the Committee on For-
eign Relations, and in the debate upon the question
as far as it had gone, that the main question at issue
was the power of Congress involved in the mode of
annexation proposed by the joint resolutions of the
House. He should therefore first address himself
to that point. He would, however, premise that, if
he should be satisfied by proof or argument that
there was no such legislative power granted by the
constitution, lie would say to his friends stop, pro-
ceed no further in this way. But if it turned out,
as he had full confidence it would, that there is no
constitutional impediment, then he would say that
propriety, as well as the interests of the whole coun-
try, demanded immediate action in the way pro-
posed.
He had been a little surprised to find some grave
senators, generally very liberal in theii construction
of constitutional powers, always ready to raise con-
stitutional objections against anything that did not
square with tiieir own measures, or opinions, or po-
litical feelings.
The Committee on Foreign Relations, it seemed
to him, based almost its entire argument on the lim-
itation of the power of annexing Texas in any
shape or form to the treaty-making power. And
even some of the gentlemen on the other side take it,
for granted that, if the power exists in the treaty-
making power, it must be under limitation as sub-
ordinate to some other power in the constitution;
while others contend it does not belong to any grant-
ed pOwer, but is held in reserve by the people, in
their organic primary assemblies. \
\But the deduction from the report of the commit-
tee is, that the treaty-making power alone can act
on this question, having the en i ire and only power
of making contracts or compacts with foreign gov-
ernments. It holds that legislative action is uncon-
stitutional.
Respectable as the source was whence this doc-
trine came, he begged leave to dissent from these de-
ductions in all their particulars and inferences.
Mr. C. then proceeded with each of these propo-
sitions, asserting in broad contrast that, although
for convenience the treaty-making power was, under
certain circumstances, properly resorted to in the
acquisition of territory, yet it could not constitu-
tionally be extended to the admission of a foreign
State: that it was only by Congress, under the gen-
eral power of admitting new States granted in the
constitution, that a foreign State, such as Texas is,
could be admitted; and that, even if there was more
propriety or necessity for legislative action in rela-
tion to the acquisition of territory than for the use
of the treaty-making power, it could be done under
the powers which Congress possessed of making
contracts or compacts.
As to the power of Congress to admit Texas as a
new State, he was so astonished that there could be
any doubt on the subject, that he had often to ques-
tion himself whether'those who denied the power
were really serious, or whether they only did so
merely to give color to their opposition. In proof
of this, he referred to the speech made last session,
in secret session, by the senator from Virginia, [Mr.
Archer,] on the treaty of annexation, then under
discussion, in which speech the acquisition of Tex-
as as a territory, was strenuously opposed, on the
ground that it was an independent power, govern-
ment, or State, complete in itself—a nation and^ot
a territory; whilst now, the same senator, in his re-
port, declares there is no constitutional power to ad-
mit Texas by legislation as a new State, but refers
the matter to the treaty-making power, as the only
constitutional mode, of admitting Texas as a terri-
tory!
These conflicting positions Mr. C. illustrated so
as to give his argument great point; but he spoke so
rapidly that the reporters could not catch sufficient
of his phraseology to do him justice. _
As to the admission of new States into the Union,
it was clear that Congress alone possessed the pow- .
er. Now, Texas "fs not a territory, but a State—a
State exactly in the position of Rhode Island or
North Carolina when admitted into the Union—a
State, complete in itself, independent, with its own
government, sovereignty, and domain. Its simili-
tude went still further; its population is a portion
of our own people, speaking our language, imbued
with our republican principles, raised under our in-
stitutions, educated in our school of liberty, part of
ourselves, and ready to enter our Union in every
respect as Rhode Island and North Carolina did,
for he held, and would maintain against all disposed
to gainsay it, that, for the year Rhode Island re-
fused to come into the Union, she was as much a
foreign State—separated, distinct, independent,
completely her own mistress, free to dispose of her-
self as she pleased—just as much as Texas now is.
And so it was with North Carolina. How could it
be said they were neiv States made or arising out of
territory of the United States? They never belonged
to the United States. They were not territories.
They did not give a foot of their domain as territory
to the Union.' They came in of their own free will,
and independent sovereign States. Texas was in the4
same position: the only difference being as to the
time and proximity.
In the course of his remarks, Mr. C. dwelt with
great force of argument upon the powers possessed
by Congress to make contracts, and showed,
under tlie negative consequence of the power ex-
pressed in the constitution, that no State shall ac-
quire new territory without the assent of Con-t
gress. The direct power of Congress to give a"
State authority to acquire foreign territory was clear-
ly established; and hence the power of Congress,
if so disposed, to permit Louisiana to add Texas to
its territory, could not be disputed. Nor could it be
denied that from 1803 to 1519, while we held Texas
as part of the Territory of Louisiana, we could, had
her population entitled her to tlie rank of a State,
have admitted her into the Union. If so, how had
she forfeited her right to come in, if we were now
willing she should do so, by her becoming independ-
ent of Spain to which, as a territory, she reverted?
Like the other revolted States of Mexico, she was
separated from Spain, and with them formed a con-
federation of independent States. Subsequently,
the constitution which they adopted was overthrown
by the military despotism of Santa Anna, and as a
necessary consequence Texas was absolved from the
compact of confederation. She fought for and main-
tained her sovereign independence; and being now
anxious to join our Union, what possible constitu-
tional impediment can exist that would not have,
been as strong before 1819, when it is plain she
could, without the shadow of a doubt, have been ad-
mitted as a new State?
The foregoing is but a very brief synopsis of some
striking points of argument presented in a new and
forcible manner by Mr. C.; whose eloquent remarks,
it is hoped, will be prepared for publication by him-
self in a few days.
Mr. SIMMONS next obtained the floor and spoke
for about an hour, but without concluding his argu-
ment.
Mr. S. was occasionally interrupted by proposi-
tions from his friends to give way for adjournment
or for going into executive sessions bat the friends
of the measure under discussion being anxious that
the discussion should go on, Mr. S. proceeded.
His introductory remarks were altogether in
relation to the early history of Rhode Island, and
her subsequent position when invited to join the
Union, on the formation of the constitution. He
argued that Rhode Island was the earliest repub-
lican government in the world based on a written
democratic constitution, and the first of the Uliited
States that made a declaration of independence. He
