rw:
318
CONGRESSIONAL GLOBB.
The CHAIR overruled the point of order.
Mr. RAYNER appealed, and on taking the ques-
tion, the House Sustained the decision of the Chair
without a division.
The question was then put on the amendment,
and it wa3 rejected.
Mr'. RATHBtTN offered an amendment provid-
ing that no part of this appropriation shall be paid
to the chief of _the Bureau of Construction, Equip-
ment, and Repair, unless the person who fills that
office is a skilful naval constructor. On looking at
the law establishing that bureau, he found a provi-
sion inserted, that the chief of it should be a skilful
naval constructor; and on looking at the Navy Regis-
ter he found that the office was filled by Charles
Morris, a captain in the navy, who, it was well
known, was not a naval constructor. It was to
compel the appointing power to comply with the
Jaw that he offered the amendment.
Mr. PARMENTER observed that the law, it
■was true, did provide that the chief of the Bureau
of Construction,'Equipment, and Repair, should be
a skilful naval constructor; but the appointing pow-
er the "President, by and with the advice and consent
of the Senate, had appointed Captain Morris to fill
this office; and the presumption was, that he pos-
sessed the qualifications required by law. He knew
him to be a man of science, and he had no doubt
that he performed the duties of his office with as
much skill, prudence, and economy, if not more, as
would be shown by a professional naval construc-
tor.
Mr. RATHBUN said that if the fact was true,
as was insinuated by the gentleman from Massachu-
setts that Commodore Morris was a skilful naval
constructor, then the amendment would not hurt
him. If, as he apprehended, the commodore knew
nothing about it, the amendment would apply the
proper remedy.
Mr. BRENGLE obtained thelloor;but
The CHAIR decided that, under his construc-
tion of the resolution adopted this; morning, more
than one member could not reply to any amend-
ment.
The vote on the amendment was '10 in the affirm-
ative, and 30 in the negative. No quorum voting.
Tellers were called for, and Messrs. C. Johnson
and Winthkof were appointed, and they reported
44 in the affirmative, and 44 in the negative. .Still
no quorum voting.
AFRICAN SLAVE TRADE.
A message was received from the President of the
United States, with some accompanying documents,
and the committee rose that the House might re-
ceive it.
Mi'. BAYLY moved that it be read.
The Clerk read it accordingly, as follows
Te> t!le Seiiattaivd _ '
lin-iseof Representatives nj the United State*.
I transmit, heiewith, for the information ot Cougre&s,
copies oi certain despatches recently received from Mi.
Wise, our Envoy Kxuaordmary and Minister Plenipoten-
tiary at the Court of Br<uil, upon the subject oi the slave
trade, developing the means usod. and the dcvice* n sorted
to, in order to evade existing enactments upon that sub-
ject
Anxiously desirous as are the United States to sup-
press a traffic so revolting to humanity, in the e/ioits
to accomplish which they have been the pioneers
of civilized States, it cannot but be a subject of the
most profound regret, that any - portion oi our cit-
izens should be louund acting in co-opcration with
the subjects of other powers, m opposition to the pol-
icy of their own government; thereby subjecting to suspi-
cion and to the hazard ol disgiace the flag of their own
country, it is true that this traffic is earned on altogether
m foreign ports, and that our own coatts are iree Jrom its
pollution Butthe crime remains the same wheiever perpc
trated; and theie are many cucumstanctsb to \v arrant tho be-
lief that some of onrciti/ens are deeply involved in its guilt.
The mode and manner of carrying on this this trjde die
clearly a-id fearlessly set forth in the accompanying
documents, and it would seem that a regular s,y tem
has been adopted for the purpose of thwarting the policy
and evading the penalties, oi our laws. Amenea.ii vessels,
with the knowledge, as there arc good reasons, to believe,
of the owners ^nd masters, are chat lend, or rathei pur-
chased by notorious slave-dealers 111 Brazil, aided by Kng-
hsh brokers and capitalists, with this intent. The vessel it,
only nominally chattered at so much per month, while, an
truth it us actual!v sold, to be delivered on the eoa^t of Af-
rica the charter paitv binding the owners, m the mean
lime to take on board", as pas*ut^u s, a new crew in Brav.il.
who when delnered on the const, are to navigate her back
to the ports of Bia/il with her caigo or slaves 1  '1er this
agreement, the vessel clears fiom the T n;ted States for some
poit inOieW Britain, where <t cm go of moichandi^-, know n
U "coast condO and designed especially for the Afri-
can trade, is purchased, shipped, and consigned, Together
with the vessel, either to the slave-dealer himseli, or to his
yo-ents or accomplices in Brazil. On her arrival a crew is
uuton board as postenzeis, and the vessel ana caigo con-
iiuned to an equally guilty factor or agent on the const of
AU'ioa, where the unlawful purpose originally designed i&
finally consummated. The merchandise is exchanged for
slavesj the vessel is delivered up; her name obliterated; her
papers destroyed; her American crew discharged, to be
provided for by the charterers, and the new or passenger
crew put in command to carry back its miserable freight to
the first contrivers of the voyage, or their employees in
Brazil.
During the whole progress of this tortuous enterprise, it is
possible that neither the American crew originally enlisted,
nor the passenger crow put on bofttd in the Brazilian ports,
are awaie of tho nature bf the voyage; and yet it is on these
principally, ignorant, if not innocent, that the penalties of
the law are inflicted; while the guilty contrivers, the char-
teieis, brokers, owneis, and masters—in short, all who are
most deeply concerned in the crime and its rewards, for the
most part escape unpunished.
It will be seen from the examinations, which have re-
cently taken place at Rio, that the subjects of her Britannic
Majesty, as well as our own citizens, are deeply implicated
in this inhuman traffic. British factors and agents, while
they supply Africa with British fabiics m exchange for
slaves, arc chiefly instrumental in the abuse of the Ameri-
can flag; and the suggestions contained in the letter of
Mr. Wise, (whose judicious and zealous ellorts in the mat-
ter cannot be too highly commended,) addressed to Mr.
Hamilton, the British envoy, as to the best mode of sup-
pressing the evil, deserve your most deliberate considera-
tion, as they will leceive, f doubt not, thatof the British
government
It is also worthy tjf consideration whether any other
measures than those now existing are necessary to give
greater efficacy to the just and humane policy of our laws,
which already provide for the restoration to Africa of slaves
captured at sea by American cruiscrs. From time to time
provision has been made by this government for their com-
fortable support and maintenance during a limited period
after their restoration; and it is much to be regretted that
this liberal policy has not been adopted by Ureat Britain.
As it is, it seems to me that the policy it has adopted in cal-
culated rather to perpetuate than to suppress the trade, by
enlisting very large interests in its favor. Merchants and
capitalists furnish the means for currying it on. manufac-
tures for which the negroes are exchanged arc the pioducts
of her workshops; the vlaves, when captured, instead of
being returned back to their homes, aie transferred to her
colonial possessions in tho West Indies, and made the moans
of swelling the amount of their products, by a system of
apprenticeship for a term of > ears, and the oftieeis and new
whocaptuie the vessels leceive 011 the whole numbei ol
slaves so many pound* steilnig per capita, by way of
bounty.
It must be obvious, that while these large interests ,ue
enlisted inlavor ol its continuance, it will be difficult, if not
impossible, to suppress the nefarious traffic, and that its ie-
suits would be m effect but a continuance ol the slim- tiade
ol anothei and mou: cruel foim, foi it can be but a matter of
little difleience with the African, whether he iv toinfiom
his countiv <*nd tianspoited 10 the West Indies as a slave,
m the regular course of the trade, or captured by u cruiser,
transported to the same place and made to perlorm the
same labor under the name of an apprentice, which is at
present the practical operation of 1he policy adopted.
It is to be hoped that her Britannic Majesty's government
will, upon a review of .ill the circumstances stated m these
despatches, adopt some efficient measures for the suppies-
sion ol the trade which she has so long attempted to put
down, with, as yet, so litile success, and more consonant
with the original policy of restoring Die captured African
to his home. _
JOHN TYLER.
WaShimiuv, Feb 10, 1
On the motion of Mr. BAYLY, the message and
accompanying documents were referred to the Com-
mittee on Foreign Affairs, and ordered to lie print-
ed.
There were other executive communications on
the Speaker's table, which the House agreed to re-
ceive at this time.
One was an answer to a resolution of the House
of 31st December last, in the form of a report from
the Secretary of State, in relation to the indemnities
due to citizens of the United States from the Mex-
ican government, it was referred to tho Committee
on Foreign Affairs, and ordered to be printed.
Another was a report in relation to sugar and
molasses; which was laid on the table, and ordered
to be printed.
Another was a communication from the Treasury
Department, furnishing a statement of the balances
which have existed for more than three years on
the books of the Treasury Department. It was or-
dered to be printed.
Another was a report from the Treasury Depart-
ment, of the number of free articles imported, and
those'subject to duty, in answer to a resolution of
the House. It was committed to the Committee of
Ways and Means, and ordered to be printed.
The House then again resolved itself into Commit-
tee of the Whole on the state of the Union, and the
question recurred on Mr. Rathhun's amendment;
which was negatived—51 voting in the affirmative,
and 66 in the negative.
Mr. RATHBUN moved an amendment nt the
c.lose of the appropriations for the Navy Depart,
ment, to add a proviso, that the salary provided for
these naval officers should in a I cases, where they
were appointed from the army and navy, be in lieu
of all other pay and emoluments.
After some coversation by Mr. McKAY and Mr.
RATHBUN,
The amendment was rejected,
GROUND FOE THE POST-OFFICE DEPART-
MENT.
Mr. PRATT moved an amendment, ttj add, aftfer
the 289th line, the following:
To enable the Postmaster General to purchase, for the
use ot the Post-Office Department, the remainder of the
square on which tho general post-office lrailding is situated,
at the priecs agreed upon with the owners of the property,
twenty-eight thousand two hundred and fifty dollars.
After a word from Mr. McKAY in favor,
The amendment was agreed to.
ELECTRO-MAGNETIC TELEGRAPH.
Mr. J. P. KENNEtlY offered an amendment to
appropriate $8,000 for defraying the expenses for
the year of the magnetic telegraph between Wash-
ington and Baltimore, said sum to be disbursed un-
der the direction ofthe Postmaster General. Dtong
the last Congress, he said, an appropriation of $30,000
had been made for the establishment of this tele-
graph. He had recently received a communication
from the gentleman at the head of this telegraph,
stating that the appropriation was entirely expend-
ed, and that tho thing must rest unless some funds
were appropriated. It was in contemplation, as
proposed in this amendment, to put it under the
superintendence of the Postmaster General, in or-
der that he might make out a tariff ol charges for
the transmission of information by this means. It
was {supposed that the receipts in this way rtiighi
go a considerable way towards defraying the ex-
penses ofthe establishment. Here was a work of
this importance between Baltimore and this city
which was now suspended for want of funds, and
which, if neglected and suffered to rein&ip idle and
without attention, would go to ruin. There wds
also, as waa known, a bill now on the table for the
extension ot' this work to New York. Gentlemen,
from this statement of facts, must see the propriety
of the appropriation proposed.
Mr. THOMPSON inquired >f the gentleman from
Maryland proposed to establish six additional of-
fices, urder the direction of the Postmaster Gen-
eral. Were we to have a new department springing
up here? How were they to be appointed? By
the Postmaster General?
Mr. KENNEDY replied that the bill which
was before the House, providing for the extension
of this work to New York, provided a plan for the
organisation of the whole thing by law. In the
mean time, here was this telegraph constructed from
Baltimore to this place; and the question was, should
it be continued or not?
Mr. THOMPSON was unwilling that this thing
should further be carried on, without seeing the use
of it. It was true, it might be of some importance
to Baltimore and Washington that intelligence
should be transmitted in advance of the mail; but it
would not facilitate, in any degree, such transmis-
sion to other parts of the Union. Until the bill
came up, he was opposed to the appropriation.
The question was taken by tellers, and agreed to:
ayes 73, noes 45.
Mr. PRATT moved an amendment, comprising
the following and many other details, viz:
For repairs of the Capitol, cleaning lotundo, fur-
nacus, &c. ----- $8,274
Koi gardenei's salary - - - * l>^1'
For annual repairs of President's House, grounds, n7_
fountains, &c. * - " *
For flagging avenue heloru Tieasairy Building, etc , 1,4-sz
Mr. HOLMES moved an amendment to add a
proviso directing the Commissioner of Public Build-
ings to contract'for lighting the Capitol and various
departments with gas, provided it could be done at
an expend ituic of not more than one-half the pres-
ent expenditure for oil.
Mr. II. advocated the amendment.
Mr. PRATT hoped it would be allowed to stand
on its own merits, and not be attached to weigh
down his.
The amendment to the amendment was rejected.
Mr. G. W. JONES moved to amend the amend-
ment by St!iking out that portion providing for re-
pairs for the President's House, which, he said, had
already been provided for by the amendment adopt-
ed yesterday. j
After conversation by Messrs G. W. JON Kb and
PRATT, . J
The amendment to the amendment was rejected.
Mr. TUCKER moved an amendment to the
amendment, to strike out the items connected with
lamp-lighting for the Capitol.
