320
CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
North Carolina urging upon Congress the settle-
ment of the claims of tne Cherokees;and the petition
of P. Preston for increase of pay.
Also, on his motion, the Committee on Indian
Affairs was discharged from the further considera-
tion of the petition of the heirs of Thomas Stewart,
.for indemnity for depredations committed by the
Cherokee Indians in 1780, and the House bill for
the relief of William Hollinger; and they were re-
ferred to the Committee on Military Affairs.
Also reported back, without amendment, and with
a recommendation that they do pass, the House bills
for the relief of Joseph and Lemuel Ward, for the
relief of George B. Russell, and for the relief of
Francis Slocum and children. The report in the
last case was ordered to be printed.
Mr. DIX, from the Committee on Commerce, re-
ported back, without amendment, and with a rec-
ommendation that it be indefinitely postponed, the
bill from the House for the relief of Smith and
• Farns worth.
THE HOUR FOR THE SPECIAL ORDER.
The resolution submitted by Mr. Allen, pro-
riding that the special order of the day shall here-
after be called at 12 o'clock daily until otherwise
ordered, was taken up.
Mr. MILLER hoped this resolution would not
pass, and that the regular hour for taking up this
subject would not be changed. He perceived,upon
looking over the calendar, that there were ninety
bills now undisposed of; and certainly two hours of
the morning were not too much to devote to the
general business of the Union. If Texas had four
hours of the day, he thought she had her fair pro-
portion of the legislation of the Union. It was im-
possible for the Senate to get through its general
and regular business unless two hours a day were
devoted to it; and if the special order should be
taken up at 12 o'clock, it was evident it would con-
sume the balance of the day, and the other very im-
portant and necessary business of the nation would
be left unfinished.
Mr. WALKER did not concur in the propriety
of the course suggested by the honorable senator
on the other side, [Mr. Miller.] He had ascer-
tained that there were yet eighteen senators who de-
sired to speak upon this subject of annexation; and
they were determined that the bill should not be de-
stroyed by delay. It was a much more important
matter than any other now pending before the Sen-
ate. There were but ten days of the session re-
maining, including Sundays; and he appealed to
the Senate whether it was possible to continue the
discussion of this question and take the vote upon
it, (unless they came here and sat up all night,) if
the discussion was not commenced at an earlier
hour? Two speeches a day were the utmost that
could be inside. If the discussion was only com-
menced at one o'clock, it would consume nine days
of the session. It was theiefore indispensable, if
we meant to take the vote upon this question at all
this session, that it should be commenced at twelve
o'clock. Why should we not do so? We had
heretofore allowed but one hour to the morning
business—why should we enlarge it now? Onehour
had been long enough during the whole of the ses-
sion, and why were two hours neccssary now? The
morning business could bear no comparison in im-
portance to this great question. He hoped, there-
fore, that a majority of the Senate would concur in
the propriety of fixing an earlier hour, under these
circumstances, if it was not intended to destroy the
bill by delay. He did not assert that such was Ihe
motive of senators on the other side at all; but that
certainly would be the effect. It would be impossi-
ble to take the vote upon this question, unless an
earlier hour was assigned for the commencement of
the discussion.
Mr. MILLER called for the yeas and nays; but
at the suggestion of his friends withdrew the call.
Mr. WALKER then called for the yeas and
nays.
Mr. BERRIEN observed that the senator from
Mississippi could obtain his object without asking
the yeas and nays.
Mr. WALKER then withdrew his motion, and
the resolution was adopted.
On motion by Mr. WHITE, leave was granted
to withdraw from the filtu, with the view oi i>ici-
ing it to the department for further information,
the message from the President of the United States,
in compliance with a resolution of the Senate, rel-
ative to the jjroceedings under the act for the reliet
of the Stockbridge tribe of Indians in the Territory
of Wisconsin.
On motion by Mr. BERRIEN, and after a few
remarks by him on the necessity of the measure, it
was
Resalvtd, That the Committee on the Judiciary be au-
thorised to employ a clerk during the remainder of the ses-
sion.
On motion by Mr. SEVIER, it was
Resolved, That the Secretary of War be requested to
transmit to the Senate tile report of General llogel Jones,
Col. Mason, and P. M, Butler, esq., who have recently, un-
der his instructions as a board of inquiry, prosecuted an ex-
amination into the causes and extent of the discontents and
difiiculUes among the Cherokee Indians; with the instruc-
tions, correspondence, and evidence connected therewith;
and also a copy of any correspondence held by said board
with the heirs or representatives of the Ridges and Bondi-
not, or any of them.
On motion by Mr. HUNTINGTON, the further
consideration of the veto message of the President,
and the bill to which it related, having for its object
the prevention of the building of steam revenue
cutters, was postponed till Monday next, at II |
o'clock.
NAVAL PENSION BILL.
On motion by Mr. EVANS, the previous orders
of the day were postponed, and the bill from the
House making appropriation for the payment of
naval pensions for the year ending 30th June, 1846,
was taken up as in commitce of whole, considered,
reported to the Senate, and read the third time, and
passed.
On motion by Mr. PHELPS, the previous orders
of the day were postponed, and Ihe bil'to extend
the patent heretofore granted (o William Wood-
worth, was taken up, and considered as in commit-
tee of the whole, reported to the Senate, and ordered
to be engrossed for a third reading.
On motion by Mr. BAG BY, the previous orders
of the day were postponed, and the bill to amend
an act, entitled "An act to carry into effect in the
States of Alabama and Mississippi the existing com-
pacts with those States, with regard to the 5 per
cent, fund, and the school reservations was taken
up as in committee of the whole. The amendment
of the Committee on Public Lands was considered
and agreed to. The bill was then reported to the
Senate, and ordered to be engrossed as amended.
Mr. MILLER, on leave, introduced a bill for the
relief of the corporation of Washington; which was
read, snd ordered to a second reading. Then, on
his motion, the previous orders of the day were
postponed, and the above bill was taken up as in
committee of the whole. He explained that its ob-
ject was merely to give the corporation authority to
construct a school house on a portion of the judiciary
square belonging to the United States. The bill was
then taken reported to the Senate, and ordered to bo
.engrossed for a third reading.
' On motion by Mr. JOHNSON, the previous or-
ders of the day were postponed, and the bill to ex-
tend the jurisdiction of the district courts of the Uni-
ted States to certain eases upon the lakes and nav-
igable waters leading to and connecting the same,
was taken up for consideration as in committee of
the whole on an amendment of the Judiciary Com-
mittee. The amendment being agreed to, the bill
was reported to the Senate, and ordered to be en-
grossed for a third reading.
On motion by Mr. JOHNSON, the Senate then
took up and considered as in committee of the whole
the joint resolution authorizing the Secretary of
War to examine and test the plowing and dredg-
ing machine invented by Or. Putnam, of Louisiana,
for clearing bars and other obstructions from the
mouth of rivers. It was considered, reported to the
Senate, and ordered to be engrossed for a third read-
ing.
The bill providing for appeals in cases of bank-
ruptcy came up for consideration, as ill committee
of the whole, on an amendment of the Judiciary
Committee, as a substitute for the bill.
Ml- WOODBURY remarked that the senator
from North Carolina, [Mr. Haywood,] who desired
to express some opinion upon this bill, was not m
his seat. He would take that opportunity to say
that, as the bill stood, it related to any final decree—
tho?e heretofore as well as those hereafter to be
made. He supposed it was not the intention of the
committee to overthrow all the final decisions hereto-
fore made under that law, li not, he. houUI move,
to prevent that effect, to insert after the word "bank-
ruptcy," the words "hereafter made."
Mr. DAYTON said, if he understood the amend-
ment, it would defeat the object of the bill. He had
no objection to prevent the operation of the bill upon
cases where there was no property vested under de-
crees already made; but the object of the bill was to
grant appeals in all cases, whether past or.present.
Mr. DICKINSON coincided with the senator
from New Jersey, that such an amendment, in the
place where it was proposed to be inserted, would
defeat the object of the Dill. The bill was then pass-
ed by informally.
Tne bill relating to the appointment of the assist-
ants to the Postmaster General of the United States
—vesting the appointment of those officers in the
President, by and with the advice and consent of
the Senate, instead of the President alone—was ta-
ken up for consideration in in committee of the
whole, on an amendment of the Committee on the
Post Office and Post Roads, making the bill general
ill its character.
Mr. HUNTINGTON desired time to examine
the bill. The Post Office Committee had reported a
substitute for the bill, which would apply to all the
Auditors, Register of the Treasury, and others. That
was not his wish on introducing the bill which was
referred to that committee. The only object he had
in view was to make the assistants to the Postmas-
ter General appomtable by the joint action of the
President anu Senate. The bill, as it now stood by
the amendment, was a most important one; and he
desired to have time to look into the matter. He
therefore moved that it be laid upon the table.
The motion was agreed to.
The bill to enable the Chickasaw nation to try the
validity of their claims in the courts of the United
States, was takenup for consideration as in commit-
tee of the whole.
Mr. WALKER moved to amend it, by inserting
the words "same decree" in the place of the words
"this act."
Mr. SEVIER expressed his doubts about the pro-
priety of the bill. Ifil were passed, the Indians
would have to waste all their means in feeing law-
yers and attending at the seat of government. He
thought Congress could settle these claims as satis-
factorily to them as the courts. He desired time to
examine the bill; and, on his motion, it was passed
by till to-morrow.
The bill for the relief of Noah Miller, of Lin-
colnvillc, in the State of Maine, was considered as
ill committee of the whole, reported to the Seriate,
and ordered to be engrossed for a third reading.
ANNEXATION OF TEXAS.
The Senate resumed the consideration of the
joint resolution from the House for admitting Texas
as a State into the Union—the question being on its
indefinite postponement.
Mr. SIMMONS, in continuation of his remarks
from yesteiday, observed that, having disposed of
the preliminary question raised by senators on the
other side touching the position in which Rhode Isl-
and and North Carolina stood immediately after the
other States had adopted the constitution, he would
now proceed to the main question—the constitution-
al question of the power of Congress to pass this
joint resolution.
It was to him a subject of great gratification to
find that, on all sides, and from all quaiters of the
Union, different as were the opinions of gentlemen
who had taken part in this debate, all had borne tes-
timony, of the strongest kind, of the deep and abi-
ding attachment to the constitution which prevailed
throughout the whole country.
He believed the chief ground of opposition to
annexation in those portions of the Union with
which he (Mr. S.) was best acquainted, arose
from the great apprehensions entertained that it
would break into the constitution.
Yesterday a new view had been presented in the
assertion that Congress had the power to authorize
any State to annex to itself foreign territory. He
agreed with the senator who urged this new view,
that although every treaty was a contract, yet every
contract was not a treaty. The true issue was,
whether authority could be given by Congress to a
State to make contracts with foreign powers. Now
he (Mr. S.)held that the constitution prohibited any
State from making foreign alliances or compacts.
Would not a contract between Louisiana and Texas
come within the meaning of the clause in the consti-
tution which inhibits a State from making foreign
alliances 'h i omp.c U' If thu. power could be given
by assent of Congress, why could it not be ex-
tended to the annexation of Louisiana, of Mexico,
Central and South America, or any other part of the
world'
