322
CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE*
laid no stress upon it himself. [Mr. M. here quoted
at some length from Mr. Morris's letter, showing
that Mr. Morris was of opinion that, in the natural
course of events, the whole territory of North
America must, at some future period, become incor-
porated under this government.]
Mr. Morris, then, knew that all North America
must eventually be united to us; yet this"gentlcman,
' knowing and foreseeing this, and as one*of the con-
vention, who, it was alleged, intended to restrain
and limit the broad meaning of this clause in the
constitution, to admit new States into this Union,
made no effort to insert an amendment which would
limit it.
Luther Martin, the patriotic sage of his own State,
whose authority in reference to any interpretation of
the constitution would have great weight with him,
had also been appealed to as sustaining the con-
struction which gentlemen had endeavored to give
to this clause of the constitution, and who hau so
ingeniously attempted to show that these words
should not be understood according to their plain
and true import. In carefully looking overthe jour-
nals of the convention—in carefully perusing and re-
perusing all that Luther Martin had said in his
communication to the legislature of Maryland, giv-
ing his reasons for voting against the adoption of
the constitution,—he could nowhere find the slight-
est possible allusion made by him to any objection
urged against the comprehensive nature of this grant;
but the whole of his influence and power was di«
rected against the restriction of the clause, as re-
garded its internal operations. No objection what-
ever was made against its external operations.
Now, could any man induce him (Mr. Merrick) to
believe that Luther Martin, the most learned law-
yer practising at the bar of his country, and one of
the most sagacious statesmen in the convention, did
not perceive that this clause would give Congress
the power to admit States wherever they should
arise, whether within the Union or without* Yet,
with all the certainty we have that he must have
perceived this, not a word of objection was made,
and no reference to it can be found in his communi-
cation to the legislature of Maryland, when he came
to render an account of his stewaidship. But what
does Luther Martin say? He objects to the consti-
tution strongly; but upon what ground? Hear him,
in his communication to the legislature of the State
which commissioned him to represent them upon
the floor of this august assembly. Speaking of this
particular clause, he says:
"By the 3d section of the 4th article, no new State {.hall
be formed or erected within the jmisdiction of any other
State, without the consent of the legislature ol such State."
Not a word is said in objection to this clause up-
on the ground that foreign States might be admitted.
Detailing his objections to it, he continues:
"There are a number of States which ore so circum-
stanced u ith respect to themseh es and to other Stales, that
every principle of justice and sound policy requires their
dismemberment or division into smailer States. Massachu-
setts is divided into two districts, totally separated Jiom
each othei by the State ol N«w Ilampshiit:, on the not theu&t
side of which lie tiie provinces of Mams and htgrulohooK,
more extensive m point of teiritorj , but h*sj  populous than
old Massachusetts, which hen on the other side ui New
Hampshire. No person can cafet Ins o) o on the map ol that
State, but he must in a moment admit tii.it eveiy aii?uinrnt
drawn from commerce, interest, and justice, lequnes that
the provinces of Maine and Sugadohock should l e erected
into a new State, and that they should not be compelled to
remain connected with old Massachusetts, under all the in-
conveniences of their situation.
"The State of Georgia is larger is extent than the whole
island of (ireat Britain, extending from its seaconst to the
Mississippi, a distance ol eight hundred miles or moie,
its breadth, for the most part, about three hundred mile*-.
The States of North Carolina and Virginia, in the same
maimer, leach from the seacoast unto the Mississippi.
"The hardships, the inconvenience, umt tin.' injustice of
compelling the inhabitants ol those States, who n.ay dwell
on the western side of the mountains, and along the Ohio
and Mississippi livers, to remain connected u ith the inhab-
itants oi those States respectively on the Atlantic Mde ol
the mountains, and subject to the same State ^oveuiments,
would be such as would, in my opinion, justify even ie-
course to arms, to free themselves from and shake oft' so
ignominious a yoke*'
Still nothing is said in reference to the admis-
sion of foreign States. He would not detain the
Senate by quoting all the grounds of objection taken
by Luther Martin but merely read one more pas-
sage. In summing up, this was the language
used:
"When we reflect how obstinately those States (Mas-
sachusetts, Virginia, and other large States,) contended
for that uryust superiority of power in the government
which they have in part obtained, and for the establishment
of this superiority by the constitution—when we reflect
that they appeared willing to hazard the existence of the
Union, rather than not succeed in their unjust attempt—that
should their legislatures consent to the erection of new
States within their jurisdiction, it would be an immediate
sacrifice of power, to obtain which, they seemed dis-
posed to saciifice every other cont.idcration;-whcn
we further reflect that they now have a motivo
for desiring to preserve their territory entire and un-
broken. which they never had before—the gratification
of their ambition in possessing and exercising superior
power over their sister States—and this constitution is to
jjive them the means to effect this desire; of which thev were
iormerly destitute—the whole force of the United'States
pledged to them for restraining intestine commotions, and
preserving to them the obedience and subjection of their
citi/cns, even in the extremest part or their territory ;-l
say, sir, when we consider all these things, it would be too
absurd and improbable to deserve a serious answer, should
any person suggest that these States mean ever to give
their consent to the erection of new States within their
tcintory. Some of them, it is true, have been for some time
past amusing their inhabitants in those districts thot
wished to he erected into new States; but should this con-
stitution be adopted, armed with sword and halter, to com-
pel their obedience and subjection, thev A\illno longer act
with indecision, and the State of Maijland mav. and proh-
ably will, be called upon to assist with her wealth and her
blood in subduing the inhabitants of ]<rankhn, Kentucky.
Vermont, and the provinces of Maine and Sngadohoek, and
in compelling them to continue in subjection to the States
which respecUv ely claim jurisdiction overthem.*'
These, then, were Mr. Martin's objections. One
of the strong grounds upon which 'he refused Ins
assent to the constitution so framed by the conven-
tion, was, not that the Congress of the United States
had the power, under this clause, to admit States
not within the jurisdiction of this Union, but to the
great and overshadowing power which it would
give, to States within the Union.
Mr. CHOATE interposed to say that he did not
perceive that there was one word or line in that able
and masterly communication, from beginning to
end, winch applied, in the least degree, to the great
question now under consideration.
Mr. MERRICK , in continuation, said he had al-
ready stated to the Senate, that thiswise and saga-
cious statesman—this ornament to the convention 
this man of learning and of deep lore—had not lifird
a finger, had not said a word in objection to iho
first part of the clause in question. In quoting lust
communication, therefore, his (Mr. Minimr-ii'*)
object was to show that when the, convention de-
bated, and discussed, and argued this clause, the sa-
gacity of that able statesman failed lo perceive that
theiewas any objection whntever to this clause, on
the ground that, in giving Congress the power to
admit new States, foreign States might be admitted,
although gentlemen now contend that this phrase
is limited and restrained
If he had any such objection to it, why did he not
urge it? Simply because he had none. He knew
that the power was given in precisely the terms m
which the clause is worded. His objection was not
on that ground; but upon the grouncl that the huge
States—Virginia, Massachusetts, and others—would
have an overshading power in the national councils,
if they were not compelled to divide without the
consent of their respective legislatures, lie looked
upon this matter of division as of great importance
to Maryland. He desired to produce equity in tci-
ntorial extent. Therefore it was that he objected
in the latter pai t of the clause. He objected not at alt
to the external operation of the clause. It was ob-
vious that this enlightened and intelligent man had
no doubt at all that If was the intention of this con-
vention to give to Congress the power toadimf
States from without, as well as within the jurisdic-
tion of the convention.
Gentlemen had called these authonties up them-
selves. There was no occasion for him, (Mr. M.,)
or Ins associates upon this side of the question, to
appeal to Luther Martin or Mr. Morris at all.
They required no authority of that sort. All the
argument—all the light of the world—could not
make this plain clause in the constitution more in-
telligible than it was. Yet gentlemen had attempt-
ed to interpolate in it a meaning which it did not
possess, and which was never intended to be there.
It was only necessary, therefore, to call up their
own witnesses to testify against them.
It was absurd to suppose that, under the power
of admitting new States, Congress ever would, or
ever could, admit every or any foreign nation, but,
such as assimilated exactly with the States already j
m the Union, in habits, principles, language, reh- j
gion, political institutions, and everything else that !
distinguishes us as one people from nations wnh ]
which we cannot and will not unite. j
Gentlemen who suppose this exercise of the
power of Congress would be the establishment of ;
the principle that all the world may be annexed to
this Union, seem to imagine that the word [may,
in the constitution, means must—as if it were writ-
ten in the constitution, "new States must be admitted
by the Congress into this Union.1' Did not the
word may leave the wise discretion with Congress
of refusing admission to any State not suited in eve-
ry particular to the enjoyment and participation of
our federal government? Was it, in point- of fact,
possible that Congress could abuse the power, as
imagined by the gentleman who used the possibility
of abuse as an argument of opposition to this mea-
sure?
The use of the powers granted by the constitution
is, with regard to many of them, discretionary—for
instance, the power declaring war; but will any one
contend that because we have the power we must
declare war? or because we may maice. commercial
regulations with foreign governments we must make
them with every foreign government in the world?
Yet the cases are analogous to that of the power of
admitting new States into the Union.
Mr. M., after a variety of arguments and illus-
trations, showing that such objections were entitled
to no weight, adverted to the question of the limita-
tion of the power to accomplish the object of the
annexation of Texas by the treaty-making power.
It was held, on the other side, that this joint resolu-
tion*was a usurpation of the treaty-making power.
Now, he had always held, and he maintained it
was the best sustained doctrine, that the treaty-
making power was a subordinate exercise of power
—not a paramount power, nor intended to be so.
Although you may, by the exercise of the treaty-
making power, acquire territory, the power cannot
be enlarged to the admission of new States into the
Union. The subordinate power may be exercised,
because it is most convenient for the purpose, in the
acquisition of territory; but the superior function of
raising that territory to the dignity and rank of a
State belongs to the paramount power—that of
Congress.
In the convention that formed the constitution,
it was fust proposed that Congress should, jointly
with the executive, exercise the treaty-making pow-
er; but, on full discussion of the .subject, it was
found that great inconvenience might arise from the
want of secrecy in conducting negotiations, and fi-
nally it was delegated to the executive by and with
the consent of the .Senate. And why was a majori-
ty of two-thuds of ihe Senate icquircd for the ratifi-
cation of treaties? The reason was historically de-
monstrable: it was that, as some compensation for
the security which the decision of Congress would
afford, a greater majority of the Senate was required,
since the number' of the functional departments
which would have to be consulted was diminished
to two, instead of three, as originally designed.
In proof of these positions, Mr. 3VT. quoted largely
from the proceedings of the convention, and also
from various numbers of the federalist, written by
Mr. Madison.
In conclusion, Mr. M. turned to the expediency
of the measure and dwelt with great forcc on the
necessity for this acquisition of a sister State to the
southern States, assailed and in danger as they were,
and standing so much in need of accession for the
preservation of their rights and property fiotn the
invading spirit of the age. lie commended highly
the manly stand taken by the senator from P<nn-
sylvania [Mr. Bt ciiananJ in defence of the consti-
tution; and complimented that senator for the
promptitude and fearlessness with which he had al-
ways sustained the guaranties of that sacred instru-
ment.
The South stood parth ularly in need of mote
strength. Not so with the '.North. The peculiar
property of the youth was prohibited from passing
a given boundary. There, was no limitation to the
interests of the Noith. Such a thing never was
thought of as that the South could invade or inter-
meddle with the institutions of the North; but such
was not the fact with regard to the danger continual-
ly threatened of innovations by the Noith on the
institutions of the. South. As u southern man—as
a senator from Mai y land—as a slave holder him-
self, he felt and knew the prowtng want of further
security against these threatened innovations It
was impossible for the people of the skveholding
States to shut their eyes to what was passing around
them and throughout the woild. It was his firm
conviction that, by strengthening the South, so as to
enable her to preserve her balance in the Union, that
Union would, in the language of the constitution
itself, be made moie perfect, justice would be hctur
established, domestic tranquillity better insured, the
common defence better provided for, the general
