H-i
824
CONGRESSIONAL GLO^E.
fi
the committee. It was one of especial interest to
his own constituents, as the mint was located in his
district.* With them, at least, there was but one
opinion in regard to the propriety of continuing the
branch mint at Charlotte; and this opinion had been
strongly manifested by numerous petitions present-
ed by him to this House in favor of the measure,
signed by citizens without distinction of party.
The subject, too, was one of moment to the State
which, in part, he had the honor to represent, as
had been shown by the passage of resolutions,
through both branches of her legislature, at its re-
cent session, asking Congress to make the necessary
appropriation now called for. And it is important
to a large section of the South, and, indeed, he
might say, of the whole country, as it involved con-
siderations of public policy, which cannot but en-
age the concern of every class of the community,
-■"he destruction of this branch mint had been felt as
a serious injury, detrimental not only to the imme-
diate-section of the country he represented, but to
the State and the community at large. The ques-
tion before the committee is, Shall it be re-established
and placed in a condition to resume its opera-
tion? I think it the duty of Congress to Miss
this clause of the bill for that purpose. The
Committee of Ways and Means, to whom I had this
subject referred at an early part of the session, have
reported an appropriation of $25,000 for the erection
of the necessary buildings, and $ 10,000 for the re-
pair and purchase of machinery, tools, &c. The
act of Congress establishing the branch mints was
approved on the 3d of March, 1835, and appropri-
ated $50,000 for the branch at Charlotte, North
Carolina. This branch, with the others then estab-
lished, went into operation during the year 1838,
and continued its operations, with increasing suc-
cess and benefit to the country, till July last, when
the principal building and most of the machinery
■were destroyed by fire.
The law creating this branch mint, Mr. Chair
man, is still unrepealed—still in force on your stat-
ute-book; and there is now before Congress no
proposition to repeal it. I might, then, sir, well
rest the propriety and necessity of this appropria-
tion on the duty of Congress to carry into effect
the provisions of a law which is still in existence,
and obligatory in its injunctions, though its object
has been temporarily defeated by an event over
which we had no control. 1 might rely with the
greater confidence on this duty of Congress, espe-
cially as the policy of the branch mints has been re-
peatedly concurred in and reaffirmed by Congress;
and heretofore every attempt to abolish them, di-
rectly or indirectly, has signally failed. These at-
tempts, too, have been unsuccessful when the
reasons for the continuance of these establish-
ments were less urgent and forcible than at
present. 1 trust, sir, this body will not be
disposed to avail itself of the unfortunate destruction
of the branch mint at Charlotte, and make an in-
vidious distinction injurious especially to the region
of country 1 represent, and a large portion of the
South, by disregarding a law now in force, and dis-
continuing the operations of this mint, in the midst
of the gold region, while the other branches are
kept up.
The question then recurs, Mr. Chairman, ought
the branch mints to be continued? Was the policy
of their establishment a just and proper one? and
have the objects of their creation been fulfilled thus
far? And if not fully answered, have their results
been such as to justify the government in sanction-
ing their continuance* I have, under all circum-
stances, since the important results of the discovery
of the gold region, been the advocate of these insti-
tutions, properly established and conducted. The
power to com money is one of the highest preroga-
tives of sovereignty. This power is exclusively in
the general government. The States, by .some of
whom it was exeici^ed through their own mints be-
fore the adoption of the constitution, have entirely
surrendered it by that instrument. Rut, in this stir-
render, it is apparent, from the construction then
given to the federal constitution, (and especially
from No. 44 of the Federalist, written by Mr. Madi-
son,) that the States still claimed the right to have
local mints under the new government, if they were
deemed necessary to their interests and the public
good. , • ■ ,
If it be said, Mr. Chairman, that the principal
mint at Philadelphia has the means to com all the
gold and silver bullion that will probably ever be ta-
ken to it for that purpose, the admission may well
be made, and yet the argument is not answered,
It is the duty of the government having the sove-
reign power of coinage and regulating the value
thereof, not merely to com money, but to diffuse and
distribute, as far as practicable, its coinage in its
own country; to afford facilities for the acquisition
and accumulation of bullion; to lessen the risk and
expense of its transportation to the mints; and to fos-
ter and encourage its production and conversion into
coin. The piecious metals constitute the only true
basis of a good paper currency, besides furnishing
the safest currency of themselves. This basis
should be as wide and as strong as possible, consistent
with the wants and condition of a great commercial
nation. These, sir, are approved and unquestiona-
ble truths; not of sectional, but high national impor-
tance. In a country of so largean extcntas the United
States embrace, one mint for coinage is inadequate to
answer all the purposes of this power in the con-
stitution. This is especially true when the mother
mint is at a point so distant irom the gold regions.
Its location may, and certainly does, answer a most
valuable object, being central to the trade and com-
merce of the Union.
If the intercourse between the different portions
of this country was more easy and less expensive
than it is, especially from the interior of the gold re-
gion to the seaboard, there might he, perhaps, more
force in the objection to additional mints. What,
sir, has been the policy of other nations in this
respect. Even in England, where, for obvious rea-
sons, there is but one mint, where the facilities of
travel and transportation are greater throughout the
kingdom than they arc, as yet,- in the limits of al-
most any one of the States ot this Union; even there^
the government has authorized distinct systems ot
coinage, and separate establishments for her ^nu-
merous colonies. France, before the year 1772,
had thirty-one mints. In that year they were re-
duced to eighteen; and even now, when communi-
cation is rendered so rapid and cheap by modern
improvements through the whole- extent of her
kingdom, she still 1ms six mints, viz: at Paris, Bor-
deaux, Lille, Lyons, Rouen, and Straslmrg. Mexi-
co, where the precious metals are found, hns^nght
mints, viz: at Mexico, '/acctecas, Durango, Guan-
axuato, Chihuahua, Guadalaxara, San Louis Po-
(osi, and the mint of the State of Mexico at Tlalpan.
Peru has three mmts, viz: at Limn,^ Cuzco, and
Arenuipo. Prussia has a mint at Berlin, and one at
Dnsseldorf. Denmark one at Copenhagen, and a
branch at Altona. Under Francis 2d, of Austria,
titular Emperor of Germany, Austria had a separate
coinage for each of the four regions of Austria, Ilun-
o-ary,Xomburdy, and the Low Countries, now Bel-
gium. Kach ot the seven States of the Netherlands
had its own eomagc; Spain has a mint at Madiid,
at Seville, and at Barcelona. In Switzerland, each
canton lias the pierogative of coinage.
'I'll,, wisdom and policy of branch mints aie
much enhanced by the valuable mineral discove-
ries in our country—particularly of gold. 1'hey
are becoming more important to our trade and com-
merce, and in all our moneyed intercomse. The
minin" interest, though yet in its infancy, embraces
a very considerable portion of the South.^ New
developments are being made daily, new and richer
mines are constantly discovered, and their annual
product is regularly increasing. This increase wiH
be still greater m consequence of the low prices_ul
agricultural produce; more particularly of our chief
staple, cotton, of which there is already an over-pro-
duction. Labor will be diveiteil from these channels,
and, with additional capital, be employed in mining
pursuits. There is alieady a very large capital lie
vested in this growing interest. By the census ul
IH'IU, whii.il in this as in many other respects, is
very imperfect, and falls much below the real tiutli,
in the. year 1839, there were then employed in gold
mining 104G persons; capital invested $234,300;
and gold raised, $.r>2!l,.r.t)0; of which North Carolina
produced $256,000, and Georgia #122,000; South
Carolina, 'Virginia, Alabama, and Tennesse, the
remainder. The amount then deposited for coinage
was £385,000. The annual average coinage since
1S30 to 1842, embracing a period when the mines
began to yield larger products than before, was
8555,000. The average annual production was then
estimated at $800,000. It is now much larger—
certainly much more than a million a year. In-
deed, sir, m 1843, the coinage of the branchy mints
at Charlotte and Dahlonega alone was $877,787.
During the last six months, in North Carolina, there
have been at least 5,000 persons employed m
mining operations, and in the gold region generally
I more than double that number, In the gold region
of my own State, and from a few mines in South
Carolina in reach of the mint at Charlote, from data
it my possession derived from reliable sources., I
estimate the amount found last year at $600,000,
and in Georgia an amount equal at least to that sum.
As an illustration of the extent, and the kind of labor
and capital which is beginning now to be most
successfully employed in mining operations, I will
remark that I have in my possession certificates
from three small companies, composed of plain but
respectable men, whose veracity I can vouch for,
and who labor with their own hands in their pits,
stating that from one hill, in one of the counties I
represent, with sixteen hands, in eighteen months
preceding November last, they raised $51,970 worth
of gold. This sum was raised from vein mines, at
a small comparative expense. The mines, too, are
now worked with more skill and science, and less
expense than formerly. Our own people are chiefly
engaged in them; and in a great degree they are of
that class of laborers who cannot, without much
loss and inconvenience, transmit their bullion to
Philadelphia; and who, without the facilities fur-
nished by the branch mints, are. subjected to heavy
exactions,' which they are little able to bear, by
being compelled to bring their gold into maiket,
at a discount for the benefit, of dealers and
speculators who can better afford the risk
and expense of remittance to the mother mint.
The expense of transportation is estimated at from
3 to 5 per cent., and the loss on sales at the place of
production, without the aid of the branch mints fur-
nishing the true tests and the means of obtaining
the real value, is at least from 5 to 10 per cent,
among the mass of the miners. The net loss, there-
fore, to the laborers on the real value of their bul-
lion, is from 8 to 15 per cent. To those laborers, a
mint within their reach is all-important. It is a boon
indeed. It is a just and real protection to their do-
mestio industry) giving a new and vigorous impulse
to a most laborious and hazardous pursuit.
Permit me here, Mr. Chairman, to read an extract
from the director of the mint at Philadelphia, made
to Congress on the 23d of January, 1844, showing
the coinage of the branch mints at Charlotte^ and
Dahlonega, from their commencement in 1838 to
1844, to illustrate the importance of these institu-
tions to the gold region of the South and the coun-
try. Mr. B. here tead the following extract from
that report, observing that he would not refer to the
operations of the branch at New Orleans, as that
mint seemed to be regarded now as indispensable:
of the amovitts coined annually at the branch
JYoni the rommencontnl oj their operations
til December III, 1843.
CburlotUi
Duhlonegu. (u
111/;
^ iw) lU ■
li1^11 ililliiil'
ti 12 <-■ CT, <
->o rJ ~ V-
'1 — *
tL <S. v.' O C"
l|
vrj
V.
s
h
- • t r/!h - \ -■
!-
o
 
--
s
r — c: —•
<!
!
I
I
During the past year, sir, but for the event which
has rendered this appropriation necessary, the
amount of coinage at the Charlotte branch would
have been still larger than that of the preceding
year. The amount, for seven months of the year
preceding the burning of the mint, was $167,349 93,
a large incicase over "the corresponding time of the
former year. And the superintendent thinks, but
for that event, it would have been, for the whole
