326
CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
for reimbursement of the sums expended by them
in the formation of their constitutions.
. was sure the honorable gentleman would.
m his reply to him, (Mr. D.,) agam hold up to the
xiouse, as he hud to the committee, the alarming con-
sequences which were to result to the government of
the United States from the recognition of this, as he
esteemed it, a new and dangerous principle. Mr.
D. would anticipate this part of nis argument by
calling upon members from the new States to say,
as he was sure they would say, that no such claims
would ever be preferred by any of them.
Mr. ROBERT SMITH, and several other mem-
bers froin new States, responded that none such
ever would be presented by any of them.
Mr. DODGE, in conclusion, called the attention
of members to the fact that, although "Uncle Sam"
had, never paid the expenses of any of the conven-
tions in the new States tor the formation of their con-
stitutions, no- application had ever been made, as
this was simply for a transfer. You have appro-
priated (said Mr. D.) eight or nine thousand dol-
lars to defray the expenses of a session of our legis-
lature. To this you are agreed. But we say, to
relieve us from taxation, we would prefer to use
this money to pay the members of our convention.
Will you not consent?
Mr. McKAY said, although, as the gentleman
contended, this proposition might not cost the gov-
ernment a single cent nominally, he objected to it as
being the establishment of a new precedent—the
payment of all similar conventions of the Territory
111 future—a tiling which had never yet been done;
and also that it would encourage the Bringing up of
similar claims on the part of those States already ad-
mitted.
The amendment was rejected.
Mr. LEVY moved an amendment to insert in the
clause appropriating for legislative expenses in
Florida, &c., the words "and for arrearages."
After a remark by Mr. L. and by Mr. McKAY,
The amendment was 1 ejected.
Mr. McKAY moved an amendment to add a
proviso at the close of the usual former annual ap-
propriations for Iowa and Florida, that, in case of
their admission into the Union, the appropriations
be applied to the expenditures incident thereto.
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. LEVY moved an amendment to add an ap-
propriation of $10,000 for the pay of the members of
the legislative assembly of that Territoiy for the ses-
sion of 1845.
Mr. L. advocated and Mr. McKAY opposed the
amendment.
The amendment was rejected.
Mr. McKAY moved to amend the clause for
compensation of district attorneys, by an additional
appropriation of §5,000 for the employment of ad-
ditional counsel of defence for the United States in
suits arising under the act of the last session for the
adjustment of private land claims in Alabama,
Arkansas, Louisiana, and parts of Missouri and
Mississippi.
He explained that lands to the amount of millions
were involved, and that additional legal services to
those of the district attorney might be, required.
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. McKAY offered an amendment to come in
at the end of the clause making appropriations for
the judiciary, in the following words:
"A part of which may lie applied to make good any de-
ticiency that may have occurred in th« appropriations for
this object for the fiscal year ending 30th June, 1845."
After a brief explanation from Mr. McK., this
amendment was agreed to.
Mr. CAUSIN offered an amendment making an
appropriation of #29,500 for a free bridge across the
eastern branch of the Potomac.
The CHAIR decided this amendment to be out of
order.
Mr. PRATT offered the following amendment, to
come in under the head of miscellaneous items:
"For compensation and incidental expenses of a board of
three commissioners, to be appointed by the President and
Senate, and to meet in June next, for the purpose of investi-
gating the condition of the public buieaus at Washington,
with the viow ot reporting to the next Congress apian for
reorganizing the government offices at Washington so as to
equalize duties and salaries with referenced their responsi-
bilities, and to promote efficiency and economy m transact-
ing the public business consequent on the increase of our
population, and extending our intercourse with foreign na-
tions, $12,000.
The CHAIR decided this amendment to be out
of order.
Mr. SLIDELL offered an amendment appropria-
ting $100,000 for the erection of a custom-house at
New Orleans in front of the square appropriated for
that object.
Mr. S. said that this amendment was recommend-
ed by the Committee on Commerce, and read por-
tions of the report of that committee in relation to
the subject.
Mr. McICAY objected to the amendment on the
ground that there was no specific plan before the
committee, and therefore a plan might be adopted as
in the case of the custom-house at Boston, which
would cost the government over a million of dollars.
There was no knowing where it would end. He
also objected, that the title to the ground Avas not se-
cured to the United States.
On taking the question, the amendment was rc-
ected.
Mr. SLIDELL submitted an amendment appro-
priating $1,000 for a plan and estimates for a cus-
tom-house at New Orleans on the ground in part of
the square appropriated for that purpose, provided
the ground be conveyed to the United States by a
good and sufficient title by the 1st municipality of
the city of New Orleans.
Mr. McKAY proposed to reduce the. appropria-
tion to $500; which being accepted by Mr. Slidell,
the amendment was agreed to.
Mr. HOLMES offered an amendment appropria-
ting §5,000 for repairs of the custom-house at
Charleston, South Carolina; which, after a brief ex-
planation from Mr. H., was agreed to.
Mr. STILES offered an amendment appropriat-
ing 30,000 for the erection of a custom-house at
Savannah. It was, ho said, a fact, not known to
the House, that there was not, and never had been, a
custom-house at Savannah.
The CHAIR said that the amendment was not in
order, there not being a law providing for the erec-
tion of the building.
Mr. BLACK appealed from the decision of the
Chair.
Mr. STILES observed that in 1818, there was an
appropriation passed for the building of a custom-
house at Savannah. So that, us early as that day,
il was thought necessary to have a custom-house at
that place.
The CHAIR said the gentleman was not in order,
the question being on the appeal of his colleague,,
[Mr Black 1
Mr. HARALSON hoped the representatives
from Georgia would be allowed to be heard on this
question. The grounds of the decision of the
Chair were, that there was no such bill recognised
by law. That was a mistake; there was a law pro-
viding for the erection of a custom-house at Savan-
nah, and it was erected, but it was burned down be-
fore it could be used.
Mr. STILES said the object of the appropriation
sought for by the amendment just offered was for
the crection of a custom-house building in the city
of Savannah, Georgia. It was a fact perhaps un-
known to most of the committee, that the officers of
government had never possessed the facilities and
advantages of custom-house buildings in that city;
and he challenged contradiction in the statement
that there was not another city in the Union, of the
size and commercial importance of Savannah, which
labored under a similar inconvenience. The im-
ports and exports of that city—as an official state-
ment of the Chamber of Commerce of that city,
which he held in his hand, would show—amounted
annually to a sum exceeding twenty-two millions of
dollars. By official returns from the Treasury De-
partment, the amount of entrances and clearances
reached 121,613 tons, and the average gross reve-
nues for each year $91,579 02. As early as 1818,
the matter having been brought to the consideration
of Congress, it was thought—at as early a period as
that, twenty-seven years since—that a custom-house
in that city was both necessary and demanded by
the commercial importance of the city; that then,
an appropriation was granted, a site procured, and a
custom-house building erected; but, before it was
completed, and had been occupied, it was con-
sumed by fire, in 1820, when that city suffered so
severely from conflagration; that, from his earli-
est recollection, the custom-house officers had held
their offices in an old and unsuitable building,
known as the Exchange, where many of the city
offices were kept; where the collector was unprovi-
ded with necessary storing-room; and for which,
whilst it was altogether unfit and inappropriate, the
government had been subjected to a heavy annual
expen-e for rent. He trusted that the bare mention
of the fact of the want of a custom-house in Savan-
ttsls, t gether with a proper exhibit, which he had
made, of her commercial importance, would com-
mend the measure to the favorable consideration of
the committee, and procure the passage of the
amendment.
The CHAIR said he was not before aware of the
law to which the gentleman referred. He would re-
verse his decision, and rule the amendment to be
in order.
On putting the question, the amendment was
agreed to.
Several amendments wore submitted, which the
Chair announced to be out of order.
On motion of Mr. WELLER, the appropriation
for the coast survey was increased from $80,000 to
$88,000; and the item for the publication of maps
and charts, the materials for which have been accu-
mulating in the office of the coast survey, was re-
duced from $12,000 to $4,000; so that the total of
the two items remained the same.
Several other amendments were offered, and re-
jected; but in the confusion which prevailed, their
purport could not be ascertained.
Mr. LYON offered the following as a proviso to
one of the items making appropriations for surveys
of public lands:
Proihlcd. That the suiveyor general for the States of
Ohio, iiuiidutumd Michigan, shaHbeaulhon/.eil to pay for
the surveys to be exocutod m the noithern peninsula of
Michigan, and in tile northern part oi (lie southern penin-
sula ot that State, at a rate, not exceeding live dollars per
mile for township boundaiios, and four dollars per mile for
section hues.
The amendment was rejected.
To the items under the head of intercourse with
foreign nations,
Mr. C. J. INGERSOLL moved to insert the fol-
lowing item:
For outfits for ministers to Great Britain, Fiance,
Spain, Russia, Austria, Prussia, and Mexico
$63,000.
Mr. WELLER. Why not Brazil'
The vote was taken by tellers, Messrs. Harai,-
iiou and Sampi.i! being appointed; but the vote was
irregularly given, and the result was somewhat
doubtful.
Mr. LYON called for another count, which was
taken, and the amendment was rejected.
Mr. PARMENTER offered the following amend-
ment: "and foi outfit to said ministers $72,000, or
so much thereof us may be necessary."
On tuking the question this amendment was
agreed to, ayes 70, noes 55.
Mr. C. J. INGERSOLL offered an amendment
providing for the salaries of certain charges des
affaires at foreign courts; and
Mr. WINTHUOP having called for a division,
so as to take the question separately on each;
The question was severally taken, and decided ao
follows:
For the Salary of Henry Ledyard as charge
d'affaires at Pans, $9,450: agreed to.
For the salary of , the charge d'affaires at
Spain, $1,769: rejected.
For the salary of J. B. Hutchinson, charge
d'affaires at Portugal, $900: rejected.
For the salary of B. Gibson, charge d'affaires at
Russia, $1,387 50: rejected.
For the salary of Benjamin E. Green, as charge
d'affaires at Mexico, $1069 45: rejected.
To Alexander H- Everett, for office rent while
minister at Spain, $958 32, and to the same person
$3,440, for losses on bills of exchange drawn by
him: rejected.
Mr. PRATT offered an amendment appropriating
$40,000 for extending our intercourse with Japan:
rejected.
Mr. C. J. INGERSOLL offered an amendment,
appropriating $6,000 for salary, and $6,000 f'>r out-
fit, for a minister resident at China; and $2,500 for
salary of a Chinese interpreter and secretary.
Mr. ADAMS moved to amend the amendment,
by making the appropriation $9,000 for salary, and
$9,000 for outfit, for a minister plenipotentiary, in-
stead of $6,000 salary, and the same sum as outfit,
for a minister resident; also $2,500 for interpreter
and secretary.
Mr. C. J. INGERSOLL accepted the amendment
as a substitute for his; and it was agreed to without
a division.
Mr. SLIDELL offered an amendment, that the
Secretary of the Treasury be authorized to pay to
the clerks of the custom-house at New Orleans the
arrears of their salaries, on the same principle that
has been applied to the clerks at the custom-houses
at New York, Philadelphia, and Boston.
Mr. LABRAWCHE moved an amendment at the
