CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
government, mean lands, and nothing but lands.
What did we acquire under the treaty of 1803? We
acquired not only territory, but inhabitants. We
give them a guaranty, by our previous action, that
they shall be formed into States, and admitted into
this Union; and unless gentlemen contend that tne
free sovereign people of this Territory, who are ad-
mitted with the Territory, should be sold like sheep
iu the shambles, then they cannot claim that this
government has any power to part with those peo-
ple over which it lias acquired the right of jurisdic-
tion. He cared not how many treaties were made;
it would still be in vain to argue that there is a grant
of power in the constitution to do such an act; and
although it might be said that here we are resuming
what we have already disposed of, the answer is
perfectly plain. In forming this constitution, we
intended to limit the operations of this government;
and when they are so limited, we must keep them
within those limits, or make an act beycnd tho&c
limits null and void.
If there is a concurrencc of every portion of the
sovereign authorities of this government that, they
possess 110 power but what they derive from this'
instrument, then Texas, so far as it was included in
the treaty of 1807, belongs to us; and he rejected
the idea that, if it once belonged to us, we could
part with it. He denied that our acquiescence
had anything to do with it. We had no right
whatever to dispose ol" its people and property.
We might acquiesce for u hundred years; but we
must recur back to it again, and inquire what was
the authority? and if we find that it was not given
to us, we are bound to observe our relations to it
as if we had never done that act. To whom did we
cede this territory? Not to Mexico, which
now claims it. Wc ceded it to Spain.
And has she interposed any claim since
this question was iii st agitated? No! Mexico was
the only claimant. And how did she make a claim?
By rebellion—by forming herself into a distinct gov-
ernment. But did she even maintain her independ-
ence in Texas at that time? Never. He claimed,
then, that this territory was legitimately and prop-
erly ours now, and steered clear of ail the objections
that he had heard upon all sides upon this subject?)
He would not detain the Senate by referring to
them.
This was the view of the people who inhabited
that portion of the country. We had evidence of it
iu the convention that met at Mackalok, ill 1811).
They there cubic forward and indignantly remon-
strated against this act of usurpation—for he should
give it no other name—on the part of the govern-
ment of the United States, in ceding them and giv-
ing them away to Spain, in the way that it did.
Lot him refer to another point. How did we get
rid of the obligation of the treaty of 1803? He ad-
mitted it was not binding upon us that new States
sould bo admitted by the t'oice of tlie treaty, unless
with the sanction of Congress. And why? iiecausc
Congress alone, in the terms of the constitution, had
the power to admit new States into this Union; and
although the treaty undertook to oblige us to do that
act, yet the treaty did not bind Congress; but
Congress ratified it, and made an appropriation of
fifteen millions of dollars to purchase that territory.
Therefore it was an act of all the powers ot the
sovereign authorities of this government. How did
wc get rid of those obligations? We never got rid
of them.
He would refer to one other fact in relation to
this subject. The Slate of Arkansas, unlike most
of the members of this American confederacy, came
here with no humble petition for leave to be admit-
ted as a State into the Union. No; they claimed to
come into it as a matter of right. They did not ask
leave. They demanded it as a matter ot right.
They called a convention, and demanded admission
under the guaranty of the treaty of 1803—not as a
matter of favor, but of right. Congress admitted
the demand, and did no more than right. It was
under the provisions of the treaty of 1803 that the
first idea presented itself to them of forming a con-
stitution, and presenting themselves for admission.
He passed over that subject, and referred back
again to the subject of the treaty. What is a treaty?
He was a good deal instructed and edified by the
argument of the gentleman from Virginia, [Mr.
Rives,] and highly gratified with the discourse
which he had delivered to the Senate; but he was
not quite satisfied with his definition of a treaty.
That a treaty is a contract, all agree; but what kind
of a contract? He would refer to what, he believed
was as good a definition as could be found;
"A treaty is an agreement, league, or contract, between
two or more nations, or sovereigns, signed by commission-
el's properly authorized by the supreme power of the
state."
Now, the very terms of this definition show that
it is a contract that is entered into through the agen-
cy of commissioners.
[Mr. Dayton interposed to inquire from what
authority the honorable senator quoted?],
Mr. A. resumed. From the dictionary. It ■ was -
a definition which accorded with liis judgment, gid
he believed it to be a correct and proper one. But
the distinctive feature between this and any oilier
contract, was, that it was made through the agency
of commissioners. It was perfectly immaterial what-
name you give to it.
Now, there was another poition of this matter
that he could not understand. The gentlemen from
Virginia, [Mr. Rives,] m the whole course of his
argument, had seemed to assume that there were
separate and distinct grants of power given to the
treaty-making department of our government. He
(Mr. Ashley) did not find that the treaty-making
department had a shadow of power at all under the
constitution, or was anything more than a kind of
organ—a sort of handmaid, for performing the du-
ties of this government. There was no express
grant of power given to it in the constitution. He
had looked into that instrument, and his common
sense had failed to point out to him any such express
grant. To be sure, he had heard half a dozen
specchcs upon the subject, yet lie could find no grant
of power ; and if he applied the argument that lie
had heard made use of by half a dozen gentlemen on
the subject, to look back to the old law, and there
find the evils and remedy, how would it apply to the
tieaty-making power now? What was tile old law?
It was, that the treaty-making power should i est with
the legislature. What was the evil? They could
lint negotiate with proper security and proper des-
patch. What was the remedy? They appointed
neecsaary agents to do what they could not ih)
themselves. Was this, then, a special grant of
power? No. There was no special grant of power
given to the treaty-making department of the govern-
ment It was merely selected as an agent, to do the
business for anolliei department of the government.
Qiii Jacit per aUwn,fac'U per se."
There was another point. Gentlemen claimed
that the only mode by which we could acquire this
foreign territory, was by treaty; and his honorable
friend [Mr. Huntinoto.v| who had given him in-
struction in the provisions of law, contended for the
same exclusive power to acquire it by treaty. Now,
let him ask gentlemen was it not the strangest posi-
tion ever advanced, that we could do that indireoi'y
which we could not do directly? If she can first he
admitted by the treaty-making power, and then, by
the action of Congress, admitted as a State, what is
it but doing indirectly what wc can do directly?
Why not go forward at once and admit her directly,
instead of indirectly? The treaty of the last session
had been referred to. He (Mr. A.) could not pre-
tend to say what wore the sentiment of the Texian
minister when ho entered into this treaty with our
government. But he could say, in the language of
Mr. Webster, that weic lie the functionary of
the Texian government, when our minister was pro-
ceeding there with such a proposition so insulting,
he should sec that his feet should not rest upon the
the soil. What was the preposition? A proposi-
tion bearing indignity on the very face of it. And
yet gentlemen arc claiming that we were treating
with Texas as an equal. Treating her as an equal!
by asking her to come and depend upon our mag-
nanimity to restore her to the rights of freemen !
The very proposition of asking them to treat with
us,was such an indignity, thai, so help him Heaven,
if he was the President of the Texas, he would re-
gard it as the gieatest insult that could he perpe-
trated upon his country. Turn the tables, and see
how it would apply. Regarding a little State as
equal to the largest and most powerful empire, if
Texas were to come to the United States and say
if we consented to reduce our present Union to a ter-
ritory, she would afterwards introduce us into her
Union, and raise us up to her standard, how would
ltjje treated? Why, it would be treated with scorn.
And yet such was the indignity offered to Texas.
You must comply with the forms of our consti-
tution—was The proposition—by reducing your-
selves to servitude, so that we may lake you by the
hand, and extend our fostering care over yon.
It was among the strangest things that the Tex-
ian minister ever could have been content to nego-
tiate a treaty with this government, which was to
reduce the people of Texas to a state Of colonial
Mr. A. here adverted to the objections urged oh
the other side that this was a new exercise of the
constitutional power of admitting new States by
legislation-^that nobody ever heard of an external V
independent State being, admitted under that clause
till ntnv. The reason was perfectly obvious: it
was because this was the'first time such a case re-
quired the'exercise of the power. It was ourselves
that had raised the necessity by the wrong we' had
done to Texas in 1819.
Mr. A. then argued the question of compacts,
.showing that the supreme power was vested in
Congress, and the auxiliary power—the treaty-ma-
king power—was only a subordinate power,-to be
exercised or not exercised, as convenience might
dictate.
He next dwelt upon the expediency of the meas-
ure now proposed, and presented many new and
original views on' the subject, which are passed
over in this necessarily brief synopsis, but will ap-
pear in his speech when it can be published in full... ..
Mr. 0ICKLNSON said he had no disposition to
protract lEwtleEate, for he felt the disadvantage of
entering into the discussion after the subject had,
been exhausted; for he believed no question had re-
ceived more attention from this Gongress than..that
of the annexation of Texas. But it was not alone
in Congress that it had been dismissed; it had' been
thoroughly investigated and canvassed before the'
people xti every section of the country. He here ad-
verted to the definitions which had been given in
this debate of the word " state and stated the various
authors on national and international law, who had
been quoted o.i the subject; but after all, he consider-
ed the question narrowed down to the literal words
of the constitution, and by it the power of admitting
new States by Congress into the Union was clearly
applicable to the admission of Texas; and it was
only by construction and interpolation that those
who held a contrary opinion were able to drag this
clause of the constitution into the support of their ar-
guments.
What danger could arise from exercising an ex-
press power granted by the constitution, and re-
quiring no interpolation, particularly when the
people concurred in that exercise of powei? - For,
this was a subject fully canvassed before the peo-
ple. And he thanked the senator from Louisiana
[Mr. Barrow] for calling his attention, and that
of his colleague, [Mr. Dix,] to the fact, when he in-
quired of them, the other day, if the issue had not
been evaded in the State of New York during the
last elections. He was ready to answer the sena-
tor; and, in speaking for himself, he believed he
but uttered the sentiments of his colleague, too,
when he said, that in all the mass meetings'through-
out the State, held by the party which cafne out
triumphant at the elections, the question of an-
nexation was advocated as a prominent issue.
In all their processions the banner of the lone star of
Texas waved conspicuous, and was hailed with en-
thusiasm. In the meetings of the other party the
question of annexation wes denounced in terms of
hostility as strong as were the terms of approbation
with which it was spoken of by the triumphant
party. , He did not mean to say that the friends of
annexation concurred as to the details of the mea~
biuc; what he said was, that the general principle
of annexation met with the universal concurrence of
the party which camc off triumphant in the elections.
And although it was well known that the favorite
and distinguished citizen of that State who so re-
cently was one of its representatives in this cham-
ber had taken grounds against the treaty of last
session, it was equally well known that his oppo-
sition was to the treaty, and not to annexation. If
lie undersstood that distinguished statesman's sen-
timents on this subject, they were favorable to the
annexation of Texas upon terms and conditions
which would satisfy his judgment. It was, then,
only in respect to the details of annexation that, any
difference of opinion existed' in the State of New
York among the democratic party. But so far as '
the general question of annexation was concerned,
it afforded him pleasure to be able to answer the
senator from Louisiana, [Mr. Barrow,] that it was
a prominent issue in the State of New York, and
that the party which advocated it came out triumph-
ant in the elections. The issue was pressed forward
by the opposite party; and it was met openly and
fearlessly.
Mr. D. next proceeded to the question of coiisti-
