330
CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE
tutionality, and investigated the positions taken on
both sides by those who had piecedcd him in de-
fcgte. • -
Jfle thought there was a question which supersed-
eaFthe necessity of debating the constitutional power,
inasmuch as, if it were established, the exercise of the
constitutional power would admit of no doubt or
deliberation. It was whether Texas ever constitu-
tionally was severed from the United States after the
acquisition of Louisiana. It was agreed on all
hands that, after the purchase of Louisiana from
Prance, in 1803, Texas was just as much a portion
of our territory as Arkansas, Missouri, or any other
part of that purchase. Ry the terms of that treaty,
we encouraged our citizens to settle there, under the
guaranty that, when entitled by population, they
would be admitted as a new state. Once they
were settled, then wo had no constitutional power
to deprive them of this right; hence the act of
transferring them to Spain in 1819 was, so far as
Texas was concerned, null and void. But even
if Spain, by that transfer, had acquired any light
over Texas, she never administered it; and it very
soon lapsed, in consequence of the Spanish do-
minion in North America having been successfully
repudiated by the revolution which followed,
and whereby the Mexican States asserted their in-
dependence.... Texas never, for a moment, had
parted with her independence; she always asserted
and maintained it from the time she met in conven-
tion, in 1819, to remonstrate and protest against our
breach of faith towards her. When the Mexican
States fornned a confederation, and adopted a con-
stitution, she was willing to join them. But when
Santa Anna overthrew that confederation and con-
stitution, and set up a military despotism, she with-
drew, and declared herself absolved from the com-
pact—which had, in fact, become a nullity. She as-
serted and maintained her independence; and,
when attempted to be subdued, conquered her in-
vaders, and maintained her independence. She is
still where she was in 1819, with this only differ-
ence, that our citizens occupying her territory arc
now 100,000, and entitle lier to the rank of a
State amongst us. If she has then been
acting independently of us, it is through
our own fault, not hers. We wrongfully cast her
out, and forced her to shift for herself. She now is
willing to forget this wrong, and asks—what she was
always entitled to as soon as she had a representa-
tive population—admission into our Union.
On these general principles he concurred fully with
the senator from Arkansas [Mr. Ashley.]
Mr. D. then entered into a legal examination of
the technicalities upon which the arguments on the
other side were based, and showed that they were
altogether untenable.
In conclusion he adverted to the remarks of the
senator from Louisana [Mr. Barrow] commenting
upon the personal expressions of regard made use
of by the senator from New Hampshiie [Mr.
Woodbury] in the close of his speech, wherein lie
expressed a wish that this measure might pass
before General Jackson desended to his grave. Mr.
D. eloquently called to mind the services of that dis-
tinguished soldier and statesman; he reminded the
senator from Louisiana of what he had done for the
State and city Which he represented, and asked
whether itVas fit and becoming of a representative of
that State'to draw a shaft from the quiver of ingrati-
tude to wound the feelings of him who had shed
his blood in defence of all that her citizens held
dear.
Mr. DAYTON next obtained the floor.
Mr. WALKER observed that it had been sug-
gested, and he believed there was a general under-
standing, that the vote ought to be taken on this
question on Wednesday. He hoped there would
be no objection to a resolution to that effect.
Mr. SEVIER was not aware of any understand-
ing of that nature.
Mr. CRITTENDEN hoped the Senate would go
into executive session.
Mr. BUCHANAN felt that it was very desirable
some arrangement should be made to take the vote
on Wednesday.
Mr. CRITTENDEN had heard of no such ar-
rangement, and would not consent to it. The Sen-
ate could, on Wednesday, if it saw fit, decide upon
taking the vote just as well as if a resolution were
adopted now that it should do so.
Mr. McDUFFIE hoped that, on Monday morn-
ing, a resolution would be adopted to go on^ with
the debate till 9 or 10 o'clock every night till fin-
ished. A recess of an hour could be taken from
4 to 5 o'clock, and an arrangement could be made
that it should not bo in order to move an adjournment
till 9 or 11 o'clock at night, until the discussion was
closed.
Mr. ALLEN asked why not sit to-night till 9
o'clock. He would move to take a recess and re-
turn.
Mr. DAYTON insisted on his right to the floor,
and moved an adjournment.
Mr. WALKlSR callcd for the yeas and nays;
which were ordered, and resulted—yeas 24, nays
21.
So the Senate adjourned.
HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES.
Saturday, February 22, 184!>.
On motion of Mr. LEONARD, the reading of the
journal was dispensed with.
congressional temperance society.
Mr. HAMLIN asked leave to submit a motion
to giant the use of the Hall of the House of Repre-
sentatives to the Congressional Temperance Society
for to-morrow (Sabbath) afternoon. It would he of
no expense, he said, and he hoped lio gentleman
would object to it.
Objection was made.
Mr. HAMLIN moved to suspend the rules to en-
able him to make tins motion; and on this motion,
he asked the yeas and nays; which were ordered.
A quorum not voting,
Some conversation arose as to the fact whether
the yeas and noes could be taken in the absence of
a quorum of members.
The SPEAKER decided that they could be, the
constitution providing that the yeas and nays be
taken "at the desire of onc-fiflh of those [members]
present."
Mr. G. W. JONES moved to lay the motion to
suspend on the table.
The SPEAKER said the motion was not in
older.
The question was taken and decided in the nega-
tive, (two-tlnrds not Noting tberefoi',) yens (>.r>, nays
52, as follows:
YEAS— Messis Abbot, Barnaid, James Blnrk. James
Black, Blinkeiholl. Milton Blown, Jeiemiah Brown, Bmke,
Cai-penter, 1 ohb, i otl.imer, Cranston,Dana. Daiiagli, Dick-
ey, Dillingham, Dunlap, Failee, Byiam <■ iecn, (Innnell,
Cnder, Ilanlnbal Hamlin, Edwaid S Hamlin, Haidin, Hud-
son, Waslungfon Hunt, .1 B limit, John P. Kennedy, Pres-
ton King, Daniel P. King, Mc('1< lland, Mo<'oiinell, Mellow -
ell, Mellvaine, Mckny, Moseley, Murphy, Owen, Parmen-
ter, Paterson, I'olloek, Kiish.i Jt. Potter, Jfani.sey, Charles
M. Reed, Rockwell. Sample, Heater, Sr'veianoe, Simons,
Albert Smith, Caleb B. Smith, Itobeit Smith, Steenrod, Stet-
son,^Styles, Alfred P. Stone, Sykes, Thomtlsson, Tibbatts,
T> ler Vinton, Wheaton, John White, Williams, and Joseph
A. Wright—r,' .
N-\YS—Messrs. Adams, Benton, Bowlin, Boyd, Caldwell,
Reuben Chapman, clmginan, Colts, Daniel, Garrett Davis,
Ricluud D Davis, John W. Davis, Dellet, Diomgoole, Ellis,
Visit, French, Fuller, (ioggin, Hale, Harper, Houston. Hun-
geiford.C J. Ingersoll, Cave Johnson, Andrew Johnson,
Ceorge W. Jones, Lahranche, Lucas, Lumpkin, I.yon, 1 d-
ward J. Morns, 'Isaac E Morse, Norm, Payne, Emery i).
Potter, David S. Reid, Reding. Hitter, Rogers, Russell,
Saundeis, David L Seymour, Slidell, Thomas Sniith, John
Stewart, Thompson, Vance, Welter, Wentwoitli, Benjamin
White, and Yancey—62.
So the rules were not suspended, and the motion
was not received.
chickasaw indians.
Mr. THOMPSON made an appeal to the House
to take up and pass the bill "to legalize the sales of
certain lands made at the Chocchuma and Columbus
land offices, in the State of Mississippi;" which he
said would not take five minutes. He explained
that its passage was demanded as an act of justice
to the Chickasaw Indians. Their lands had been
sold to the amount of some §10,000, the receipts for
which had gone into the Chocchuma land office. For
four years had these poor Chickasaws been de-
prived of the interest on this sum, to which they
were justly and fairly entitled. The object of this
bill was to transfer this sum to the credit of the
Chickasaws. It was a bill which had passed both
Houses at the last session, but had failed to become
a law by being presented to the President for his
signature about five minutes too late.
Mr. McKAY and Mr. HOPKINS objected to the
motion, and called for the consideration of the gen-
eral appropriation bill.
Mr. THOMPSON moved to suspend the rules to
accomplish his object.
The SPEAKER replied that this motion was not
in order if the call for the appropriation bill was per-
sisted in, that being first in order, and.the main ques-
tion thereon having been ordered.
CIVIL AND
APPROPRIATION
DIPLOMATIC
BILL.
This bill-came up, being first in, order, on which
the previous question had been sustained, and the
main question ordered.
The question was first on concurring in. the sev-
eral amendments reported from the committee. •
The SPEAKER suggested, with the view ef econ-
omizing time, that the amendments should first all
be read over, and upon all those which were not ob-
cctcd to, the question could bo taken at once.
Wherever they were objected to, or any gentleman
wished to call the yeas and nays, the amendments
would be noted by the Clerk and laid aside to be
separately acted on afterwards.
This suggestion was acqueseed in, and the Clerk
proceeded to read over the long list of amendments, of
which all those not herein subsequently noticed were
agreed to en masse.
The first contested amendment was that which
appropriated §87,750 for the payment for books dis-
tributed to the members by order of the House—
which, in committee, was amended, on the motion
of Mr. McKay, by the reduction of the sum appro-
priated to $69,943, and the addition of a proviso
that no part of this sum should be paid until the
Committee on Accounts had examined the charges,
and reported to the Clerk that they were fair and
reasonable.
The amendment to the amendment was agreed to.
On the amendment as amended, Mr. C. JOHN-
SON callcd for the yeas and nays; and they were
ordered, and icsulted thus: yeas 98, nays 64.
So the amendment was agreed to.
When the name of Mr. 1. E. Morse was callcd,
he desired to be excused from voting, and to state
his reasons for that motion. He said that he was
not a member of Congress at the time these books
were ordered; but, as "they had been ordered by a
majority of the House, he thought, as a gentleman,
lie should not repudiate the debt.
Objections were made to any observations on this
subject, and the honorable gentleman voted in the
affirmative.
The next amendment was that which proposed
to increase the item of appropriation for the con-
gressional library from $2,500 to $5,000.
Mr. C. JOHNSON called for the yeas and nays.
The yeas and nays were ordered, and being taken
resulted thus: yeas 92, nays 82.
So the amendment was agreed to.
[A message was received from the Senate by the
bauds of their sccretury, announcing the passage by
that body of certain bills, and requesting concur-
rence therein.]
president's furniture.
The next amendment was that appropriating for
repairing and painting the presidential mansion
ffi,000; and for furnishing the same with furniture
of American manufacture, in addition to the pro-
ceeds of the sale of the old furniture $14,000.
Mr. HUDSON and Mr. DICKEY asked the yean
and nays, which were ordered.
The question was taken, and the vote stood yeas
120, nays 42, as follows:
YEAS—Messrs. Abbot, Adams, Atkinson, Barnard, Bid-
lack, James Black, James A, Black, liowlm, Bimkcrhoff,
Brodhead, William J. Brown, Burt, Carpenter, Jeremiah
E. Cary, Carroll, Catlui, Causm, Augustus A. Chapman,
Chappell, Clulton, Clmgman, Clinton, Cobb, Cranston,
Cross, Dana, Dariagh, Richard 1). Davis, John W. Davis,
Dawson, Deilet, Dillingham, Dromgoole, Dunlap, Farlee,
Fish, poster, Fuller, Goggm, Unmiell, Under, Hale, Han-
nibal Hamlin, llammett, Hardin, Hays, Hcrrick, Hogo, Hu-
bard, Hudson, Hnngeilord, James B. Hunt, Chailes J. ill-
geisoll, Jameson, Jenks, Cave Johnson, Andrew Kenned}
John P. Kennedy, Daniel P. King, Kirkpatrick, I-.abiuiiclie,
Lneas, Lyon, .McCauslen, Maclay, McClelland, MeCler-
nand, McKay, Marsh, l.dward J. Morris, Joseph Morris,
Isaac E Morse, Newton, Owen, Parmenter, l'ayne, Pol-
lock, Elisha R. Potter, Emery i). Potter, Pratt, llatlibun,
Charier- M. Reed, David S. Reid. Relfe, Rliett, Hitter, Rob-
cits, Rockwell, Rogers, Russell, Saunders, Schenck, Da-
vid L. Seymour, Simons, Simpson, Slidell, John T.Smith,
Robert Smith, Steenrod, Andiew Stewart, John Stewait,
Stiles, Alfred P. Stone, Strong, Summers, Sykes, Thomas-
son, Thompson, Tilden, Tyler, Vance, Vinton, Went-
woitli, Wethered, John AVlute, Benjamin White, Wm-
throp, Woodward, William Wright, Yancey, and Yost—
120.
NAYS—Messrs. Arrington, Ashe, Barringer, Benton,
Blackweli, Boyd, Aaron V Brown, Milton Brown, Bur-
lington, Caldwell, Rculien Chapman, Cullom, Daniel,
Deberry, Dickey, Mcldin, Fiencli, Giddmgs, Byram
Green, Haralson, Henley, Houston, Perley B. Johnson,
Andrew Johnson, (JeorgeW. Jones, Lumpkin, IVlcCon-
nell, Norris, Peyton, Reding, Sample, Senter, Severance,
Thomas 11 Heymoui, Thomas Smith, Caleb B. Smith, Tib-
batts, Tucker, Weller, Williams, and Joseph A. Wright
—42
So the amendment was agreed to.
