CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE
331
MAGNETIC TELEGRAPH.
The amendment appropriating $8,000 for defray-
ing the expenses of the magnetic telegraph between
the city of Washington and Baltimore, for the cur-
rent year ending on the 1st February next; the said
sum to be disbursed under the direction and super-
intendence of the Postmaster General, being under
consideration,
Mr. McKAY asked the yeas and nays, which
were ordered.
The question was taken, and the amendment was
agreed to: yeas 112, nays (j4, as follows:
YEAS—Messrs. Abbot, Adams, Anderson, Barringer,
Barnard, Benton, Bidlack, Bowlin, Brengle, Biinkcrhoft',
Brodhead, "Wm. J. Brown, Jeremiah Brown, Bxiftington,
Carpenter, Jeremiah E. Cary, Carroll, Catlin, Causm,Chap-
pell, Chilton, Clmgman, Clinton, Coles, Collamer, Cranston,
Crosv, Garrett Davis, Richard JO. Davis, Dawson, Debeny,
Delict, Dickey, Douglass, Farlee, Florence,toot, Foster,
trench, Goggm, Grinnell, Grider, Hale, Hannibal Haiplin,
Edward S, Ilamlm, Hardin, Harper, Hays, Henley, Her-
nck, Holmes, Hubbell, Hudson, Washington Hunt, Irvm,
Jenks, Perley B. Johnson, Andrew Kennedy, John P. Ken-
nedy, Daniel P. King, Kirkpatrick, Labranche, Leonaid,
McCauslen, McClelland, Mc demand, McConnell, McDow-
ell, Mclhame, Marsh, Edward J. Morns, Freeman II.
Morse, Isaac E. Mom;,Moseiey, Murphy, Newton. Owen
Parmenter, Phcenix, Pollock, Eli&ha K. Potter, Emery D
Potter, Rayner, Charles M Reed, Relfe, Bitter, Roberts,
Rockwell, Rogers, Sample, Saunders, Seveiance, Thomas
H. Sej mour, David L. Seymour, Albert Smith, Caleb B.
Smith, Stephens, Andrew Stewart, Summers, S>kes, Thorn-
asson, Tildeu, Tyler, Vance, Vinton, W-.ntwoith, Wetlier-
ed, John White, Benjamin White, Winthrop, William
Wright, and Yancey—-112.
NAYS.—Messrs Arnngton, Ashe, Atkinson, Edward J.
Black, James Black, James A. Black, Blackwell, Bo\d,
Milton Brown, Burke, Burt, Caldwell, Reuben Chapman,
Augustus A. Chapman, Cobb, Culloni, Dana, Daniel, John
W. Davis, Dillingham, Dromgooie, Ficklm, Fuller, Bjram
Green, Hammett, Haralson, lioge, Hopkins, Houston, flu-
bard, Hungerford, James B Hunt, Cave Johnson, Andiew
Johnson, G W. Jones, Lucas, Lumpkin, Lyon, Muclay, Mc-
Kay, Jos Morris, Norris, Peyton, Purdy. I). S. Reid, Red-
ing, Rhett, Russell, Senter, Simpson, Slidell, John T. Smith,
Thomas Smith, Steemod, Stiles, Alfred P. Stone, Thomp-
son, Tibbatts, Tucker, Wheaton, Williams, Woodward,
Joseph A. Wright, and Yost—64.
On the amendment appropriating- for improved
water posts on Pennsylvania avenue, for flagging in
front of the treasury building, for purchase of hose
for the Anacostia fire engine company, $4,327,
Mr. G. W. JONES asked the yeas and nays;
which were refused.
The question was taken by tellers, and the amend-
ment was agreed to—ayes 72, noes 59.
NEW BUILDINGS FOR THE WAR AND NAVY f
DEPARTMENTS.
On the amendment authorizing the President of
the United States to appoint a skilful architect to
prepare and submit to him the necessary plans for
a fne-proof building, of materials similar to those of
the present post office building, and on such plans
of arrangement as ultimately required for the War
and Navy departments—said building to be erected
o ) the enclosed lot on which the present War and
Navy offices are situated; and further authorizing the
President to employ said architect to .superintend
the erection of such portion of the building as is re-
quired for the immediate wants of said departments,
and for the erection of said building, appropriating
$80,000,
Mr. REDING called for the yeas and nays.
Tellers were appointed to take the vote on the
demand for the yeas and nays, and it was found
that 37 voted in the affirmative; which was a suffi-
cient number. The yeas and nays were according-
ly taken, and resulted thus: yeas 95, nays 81.
So the amendment was concurred in
The House concurred, without a ^division, in the
proviso which requires the surveory general north-
west of the Ohio river to reside in Michigan.
The next amendment was the item of $30,000 for
the erection of a custom-house at Savannah, Georgia.
The yeas and nays were called for and ordered;
and being taken, they resulted thus: yeas'88, nays
58. So the amendment was agreed to.
The next amendment taken up was that of Mr.
Labranche. as follows:
"That the Secretary of State be authorized to pay to the
clerks of the custom-house at New Orleans the arrears of
their salaries from 1s32 to 1S36, both inclusive, on the same
principle as has been applied at the custom-houses at New
York, Philadelphia, and Boston."
Mr. McKAY called for the yeas and nays; which
being ordered, the question was taken and decided
in the negative—yeas 62, nays 71, as follows:
YEAS—Messrs Ashe, Barringer, Barnard, Edward J.
James A. Black, Buffington, Caldwell, Augustus A. Chap-
man, Chilton, Clinton, Cobb, Cross, Cullom, Garrett Da-
vis, Richard D. Davi , Dawson, Dean, Deberry, Dellet,
Duncan, Fish, Grinnell, Hammett. Haralson, Hays, Holmes,
Hopkins, Charles J. Ingersoll, John P. Kennedy, Daniel
P. King, Labranche, Lumpkin, Lyon, Maclay, McConnell,
Edward J. Morris, I. E. Morse, Parmenter, Payne, Phcenix,
Elisha R. Potter, Relfp, Sample, Saunders, Schenck, David
L. Seymour, Slidell, Albert Smith, Steenrod, Stiles, Thom-,
asson, Thompson, Tibbatts, Tyler, Vanmeter, Weller,
Wentworth, Wethered, John White, Winthrop, Joseph A.
Wright, and Yancey—62.
NAYS—Messrs. Adams, Atkinson, Baker, Bayly, Black-
well, Bowlm, Brengle, BrinkerholT, Milton Brown, Burke,
Burt, Carpenter, Jeremiah E. Cary, Shepard Cary, Carroll,
Reuben Chapman, Clingman, Goles, Collamer, Daniel, Dil-
lingham, Dromgooie, Dunlap, Ficklin, Florence, Foot,
French, Fuller, Grider, Hale, Hannibal Hamlin, Hardin,
Harper, Henley, Hoge, Houston, Ilungerford, James B.
Hunt, Cave Johnson, Preston King, Kirkpatrick, 'Lucas,
McCauslen, McClernaid, McKay, Marsh, Joseph Morris,"
Newton. Peyton, Purdy, David S Reid, Reding, Ritter,
Rockwell, Rogers, Russell, Thomas H. Seymour, Thomas
Smith, Robert Smith, Stetson, Andrew Stewart, J. Stewart,
Summers, Sykes, Tucker, Vance, Benjamin White, Wood-
ward, and Yost—71.
The amendment offered *by Mr. J. P. Kennedy
was taken up, and read as follows:
'•For the liquidation and settlement of the debt due to the
Maryland hospital for the support of the lunatic paupers of
the District of Columbia, from Muich 10 to June 10, IS44,
$.),U00—the same, or so much thereof .is may be necessary ,
to be disbursed by oruei ot the marshal of the Distnot of
tnct of Columbia, and according to the adjustment of such
account as he may find coirect."
This amendment was decidcd in the affirmative—
ayes 82, noes not counted.
Mr. C. J. Ingersoll's amendment was next ta-
ken up, viz: to add to the clause for the salaries of
ministers to England, France, Russia, Prussia,
Austria, Spain, Mexico, and Brazil, the following:
words: "And for outfits for said ministers, $72,000,
or so much thereof as may be nccessary.
Mr. HARDIN called for the yeas and nays;
which were ordered.
Mr. ADAMS asked leave to submit some re-
marks on the pending amendment.
Mr. C. .T. [NGERSOLL hoped that lie should
have the privilege of replying to the gentleman.
Objections were made on all sides] and
The question being taken, tt was decided in the
affirmative—y«us 103, nays 69.
The amendment making an appropriation of
#9,456 for salary and outfit of Henry Letlyard as
charge^ d'affaires at Paris, was agreed to, without a
division.
On the amendment appropriating #8524 for pay
and mileage of William L. Goggin, while contest-
ing the seat of Thomas W. Gilmer, the yeas and
nays were called for and ordered, and resulted thus:
yeas 115, nays 39.
On the amendment which cnacts that the mileage
of members of Congress shall be computed by the
neaicst mail routes, to be taken from the books of
the Post Office Department, the yeas and nays were
ordered, and, being taken, resulted ihiu>: yeas 13(>,
nays 13.
►So the amendment was agreed to.
On the amendment further enacting that, from
and after the passage of this act, no accounts which
shall have been adjusted by the accounting office)s
of the treasury shall be reopened without authority
of law; nor shall the accounting officers, on any ac-
counts which are not presented within three years
after the time when the claim first existed, unless
the person so claiming shall be an infant, lunatic, or
fimme. covcrt, and in that case within three ycais af-
ter the disability is removed—
Mr. BARNARD called successively for the yea^
and nays and for tellers; both of which were re-
jected.
The question was taken, and the amendment was
adopted—ayes 61, noes 53.
The amendment (adopted in committee, on mo-
tion of Mr. E. J. Black, by ayes 6x2, noes 61) fur-
ther enacting that the materials and furniture ncces-
sary for the repairs of the President's House shall
be of American manufacture, if it can be purchased
on equal terms, as to price and quality, with the
foreign, and, if it cannot be, providing that it shall
be purchased on the best terms practicable, without
regard to the place where manufactured, being un-
der consideration—
Mr. COBB asked the yeas and nays; which were
ordered.
The question was taken, and decided in the nega-
tive—yeas 75, nays 82, as follows:
YEAS—Messrs. Anderson, Arnngton, Atkinson, Banin-
ger, Benton, Edward J. Black, Blackwell, Bowlin, Boyd
W. J. Brown, Burke, Burt, Caldwell, Reuben Chapman'
Augustus A. Chapman, Clingman, Clinton, Cobb, Coles'
Cross, Cullom, Daniel, Dawson, Douglass, Dromgooie'
Dunlap, Ficklin, Byram Green, H. Hamlin, Hammett'
Haralson, Herrick, Holmes, Houston, Hubard, Hubbell
Hucgerford, James B. Hunt, Cave Johnson, Andrew John-
son, George W.Jones, Lucas, Lumpkin, Lyon, McCaus-
len, McClelland, McClemand, McConnell, McDowell, Mc-
Kay, Joseph Morris, Norris, Owen, Payne, Rayner, David
S. Reid, Reding, Relfe, Roberts, St. John, Saunders,
Simpson, Slidell,'Thomas Smith, Robert Smith, Steenrod,
Stiles,Alfred P. Stone, Sykes, Thompson, Tucker, Benjamin
White,Woodward, and Joseph A. Wright—76.
NAYS—Messrs. Abbot, Adams, Ashe, Baker, Barnard,
Brengle, Brinkerhoff, Jeremiah Brown, Carpenter, Jere-
miah .E. Cary, Carroll, Chilton, Collamer, Cranston, Dana,
Darragh, Ganett Davis, J. W.Davis, Dickey,.Dillmgham,
Fish, Florence, Foster, French, Fuller, (biddings, Grinnell,
Grider, "Edward S. Hamlin, Harper, Hays, Hudson,
Washington Hunt, Charles J. Ingersoll, Irvin, Jenks,
Perley BJ. Johnson, John P. Kennedy, Daniel P. King,
Kirkpatrick, Mcllvaine, Marsh, Edward J. Morris, Free-
man H. Morse, Newton, Parmenter, Peterson, Peyton,
Pollock, Purdy, Ramsey, Rathbun, Charles M. Heed,
Jtitter, Rockwell, Rodney, Rogers, Sample, Schenelc,
Senter, Severance, Thomas H. Seymour, David L. Seymour,
John T. Smith, Caleb B. Smith, Stetson, Andrew Stewart,
John Stewart, Summers, Tibbatts, Tilden, Tyler, Vance,
Vanmeter, Vinton, Wethered, John White, Williams,
Winthrop, William Wright, and Yost—82.
So the amendment was rejected.
The amendment of the cliairman of the Commit-
tee of Ways and Means in relation to costs of suits
charged against the United States was agreed to.'
The amendment restricting the Clerk of the House
for drawing from the Treasury, on account of the
contingent fund of the House, a sum greater in
amount than the amount of his official bond, was
also agreed to ; and f
The amendment making the assignments of the
property and assets of defaulters liable, was also
agreed to.
The question was then put on the engrossment of
the bill, and it was carried.
Mr. HOPKINS then moved the previous question
on the passage of the bill, which was seconded by
the House. Under its operations, the bill was read
the third time and passed.
Mr. McKAY gave notice that, he should on Mon-
day next move to take up the army and navy ap-
propriation bill; and he requested those gentlemen
interested to attend, as itwps important that these
bills should be passed that day.
Mr. OWEN made an ineffectual motion for an
evening session after seven o'clock ; when
The House adjourned.
The following notices of petitions presented to-
day, were handed to the reporters by the members
presenting them:
By Mr. MACLAY: The petition of L, Cole and other
riti/.ens of New York, for the passage ofthe Senate bill to
reduce the rates of postage. .Also the petition of Wm. A.
Dailing, and sundry other citizens of New York, on the
same subject
By Mr. BUFFINGTON: The petition oi William Walker,
and &0 other citizens ol western Pennsylvania, prajing for
the construction of a national Macadamized road from the
( umberland road, by way of the arsenals at Pittsburgh and
Meadville, to the Juibor of Erie. Also the petition of Dan-
iel T. Childs and 30 others, of similar import. .Also, the pe-
tition lor a pension to Hiram Mechlin, of Butler county,
Pennsylvania.
By Mr. P. B. JOHNSON: The petition of George W.
Jackson, of Western Virginia, praying compensation foi
extia material put on the ('umberland road.
By Mr. W. HUNT: The petition of numerous citizens o
Lorkpoit, New Yoik, m favoi of the Senate bill for the re
dution of postage
By Mr. A STEWART: The petition of Rev. C. Jones for
the extension of a patent right
By Mr. H HAMLIN: The petition of Enoch Pond, Dan-
iel Temple, jr., and othcis, faculty and students of the
Bangor Theological Seminary, Maine, in favor ofthe Senate
bill icdncing the iateb of postage.
By Mr. PRATT- The petition of James Little, for remu-
neration as keeper of the Congiessional Burial Ground.
By Mr. T1LDEN: The petition of Jesse M. Williams, and
66 oth<>r citizens, of Elh-worth, Trumbull county, Ohio,
prating for a leduction ol postage to two cents, and for the
abolition ofthe franking pnvilege: referred to the Commit-
tee on the To&t Oflice and Post Roads.
By Mr. BARER: The petition of Joseph Stevens, and 30
other citizens of Warwick. Massachusetts, praying for a
reduction oi the rates ol postage, and the abolition of the
flunking privilege.
By Mi. DILLINGHAM: The petition of Samuel Prentiss,
and 87 others, citizens of Montpeher, Vermont, asking the
House of Repies-entatives to pa&s the Senate bill reducing
postage °
Correction*—In our report of the House proceed-
ings ol yesterday, it was erroneously stated that
Mr. Slidell offered the amendment to the general
appropriation bill, relative to the arrears of salaries
ofthe clerks of the custom-house at New Orleans.
It ought to have been reported that Mr. Labranche
offered that amendment.
IN SENATE.
Monday, February 24, 1845.
The PRESIDENT pro tem, laid .before the Sen-
ate several communications from the Treasury De-
