CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
■■m
sorting to a latitudinous construction of the consti-
tution; and, touching upon this point, ^he accused
the party which made the loudest declamation about
strict construction with being the most unscrupu-
lous m adopting latitudinous construction when it-
suited their purpose/'
Adverting to the sfecond section of the joint reso-
lution, requiring (as he conceived) the mines, min-
erals, &c., to be given to the United States, he
asked how much of the fossil world it was expected
Texas would convey to the government, and how
much of the territory covering her iron and coal
mines'. His object was to show the, indefiniteness
of the specifications of the joint resolution.
Mr. WALKER interposed to let the senator
know that, in the joint resolution which passed the
House, that clause had been stricken out.
Mr. DAYTON resumed, and explained that he
was drawn into mistake by the printed bill he found
on Ins table.
Taking the coirect bill now put into his hands by
the Senator from Mississippi, he examined it and
objected to its provisions in detail. He objected to
the supervisory power awarded to the general gov-
ernment of looking into the domestic affairs of Texas,
and regulating the payment of her debts. He asked
how would South Carolina feel if the supervisory
eye of the federal government were directed to herdo-
.mestic relations and affairs ? She would not, he said,
endure it one moment. In reference to Texas it
was a nugatory provision ; for the federal govern-
ment could never exercise the control assumed. He
said that, in the eye of the law, and in the eye of
nations the very recognition of this supervision
would compel us to pay the debts of Texas. We
have, he remarked, enough of repudiating States in
tiie republic; if we admit another, with the badge of
repudiation on her back, it will be our own fault, and
a matter of just reproach.
He examined the third section of the joint resolu-
tion, and characterized it as most delusive. Nobody
could suppose the whole State of Texas, now a
slave State, would ever consent to let any States
formed out of her territory become free States. It
was all gross delusion.
The people of the North, he contended, had ever
acted fairly by their brethren of the South. They
had consented to the admission of State for State,
free and slave; and even now, Florida on the one
side and Iowa on the other, awaited but the action
of the Senate and executive to come into the Union,
preserving the balance-
Looking to the admission of the thirteen States
since tlie confederation began, nine came in without
any disaent He stated by States the votes given on
tlie admission of each. On (his ground he defended
the State of Massachusetts from the aspersion cast
upon her by the senator from Arkansas as having
been the constant opponent of the admission of new
.States.
Mr. ASHLEY explained that, not having been
able to investigate the matter himself, he, had em-
ployed a person to do it for him, and having received
ihe statement, he. took it for granted it was correct.
He was happy to be better informed by the senator
from New Jersey, and assured him he had no dis-
position to do injustice to Massachusetts.
Mr. DAYTON felt from the beginning that the
senator had labored nnder some mistake. And here
it was proper to say that he himself had made his
statement on a memorandum drawn up by an officer
of this House, and whether altogether right or not
he was not prepared to say, but he presumed it
was substantially so.
Mr. D. continued his remarks in reference to the
claims of the South for further securities by the in-
crease of Southern States. He had no faith in the
assurances that the Missouri compromise had settled
all questions of agitation. He was satisfied that with
the further admission of new free States, the de-
mands of the South would increase as long as there
was territory "below the, compromise line, and if that
fell short, more fields like that of San .lacinto would
be resorted to for the acquisition of Southern terri-
tory. Ho protested against the three-fifths princi-
ple of Southern representation, which weighed three
sla\es against two freemen; and his voice should
never be sriven for extending that principle beyond
the Sabine.
He concluded with an eloquent eulogy on tlie con-
stitution and the necessity of preserving that sacred
instrtfftent.
Mr. ARCHER said he had become very sensi-
ble that the motion now under the consideration of
the Senate, arid which he had himself proposed,
was not the true way of bringiug the sentiments of
this body to the test He had supposed when he
reported the resolutions of the Committee on For-
eign Relations, adverse to the adoption of the resolu-
tion from the other House, that the question would
come up upon the resolutions from the committee.
He was advised that it would not; and he then sub-
mitted the motion for indefinite postponement.
This seemed to him to present no question at all in
relation to the subject now under consideration.
He therefore proposed to withdraw that -motion if
the. Senate would give their general consent—for the
general consent was required in cases where the
yeas and nays had been called—that the real ques-
tion presented might be upon the resolution from
tlie other branch of Congress to which some gentle-
men might wish to offer amendments.
Mr. WOODBURY wished to know which mo-
tion the honorable chairman referred to?
Mr. ARCHER. The motion upon indefinite
postponement.
Mr. HAYWOOD. The question then recurs
upon the resolutions now before the Senate.
There being no objection, the motion of indefinite
postponement was withdrawn.
The CHAIR then explained that the House joint
resolution was now up in committeee of the whole,
and open to amendment.
Mr. BERRIEN said he had hoped tlmt, upon a
question so grave and interesting as this was—one
which had been subjected to a very earnest discus-
sion, we should not be prosed without notice to
its final decision by calling the question. He de-
sired to express his views to the Senate upon this
subject; and he felt that he was particularly called
upon to do so by the position in which he stood to
this question. With the indulgence of the Senate,
he would endeavor to do so; but he would ask that
the deecison of the Senate might not be precipitated
by an immediate call for .the vote; and as lie had
been neccssaiily engaged in the performance of du-
ties assigned to him by the Senate elsewhere until
the present moment, he would avail himself of their
indulgence to proceed in the discussion this after-
noon, if they would consent to take a rccess for an
hour.
Mr. IIANNEGAN moved that the Senate take a
recess till 4 o'clock.
Mr. SEVIER suggested to the honorable senator
from Georgia the propriety of going for a short
time into executive session.
Here some conversational discussion as to this
proposition ensued; and the suggestion was not
agreed to.
Mr. BERRIEN said the Senate would perceive
that it would be very inconvenient to get back by 4
ocloclt, no provision having been made for this re-
cess.
The hour of five was then named, and agreed
upon,
Mr. DICKINSON inquired whether it would be
in order to make a motion that a day be fixed for
taking the question upon the joint resolutions. If
so, lie hoped the Senate would agree to take the
question on to-morrow at 12 o'clock.
Mr. MERRICK said that, according to the usage
and high courtesy which had always prevailed in
this body, he hoped a day would be fixed by gener-
al consent when the vote should be taken upon this
question, with a view that a previous understanding
might exist upon the subject, so that senators might
come on that day prepared to record their votes ITe
now suggested that three o'clock on Wednesday next
should, by general consent, be agreed upon for taking
the vote upon this question. If it should be the
general understanding, nothing more was necessary.
All that was important was, that there should be
some definite day when the honor of gentlemen was
pledged that the vote should be, taken. This would
t>e sufficiently binding without a motion to that ef-
fect.
Mr. CRITTENDEN had not the slightest reason
himself to protract the decision of this question;
but it was a question of too great moment for the
Senate to undertake to prescribe any day or hoar
upon which the vote should be taken, lie was not
willing to pledge his honor that the vote should be
taken on any day at all. There was one Senator
[Mr. Pearce] now absent, (and he rejoiced to be-
lieve that the Senate was otherwise entirely full,)
for a reason that must justify that absence to every
one—the extreme illness of his wife; and that gentle-
man was a colleague of the honorable senator who
proposes that we should take the vote to be given
upon this question upon Wednesday next. He
trusted the Senator, now absent, would be here
by Wednesday; but if not until next day, he
should be unwilling that he should lose his vote.
Mr. MERRICK remarked that he should certain-
ly be the last man in this body to desire that his •
honorable colleague should be deprived of the privi-
lege of voting upon this question; and he had only
named Wednesday' in 'the hope that his colleague
would be here, for, indeed, he understood he was
expected to arrive this evening. His object was to
give that gentleman an opportunity of "learning the
precise day upon which the vote was to be taken, in
order that he might be here on that occasion, if
nothing should transpire to prevent him. How-
ever, if the suggestion was objected to, there was
an end of it. ■
Mr. BENTON was opposed to fixing upon any
day.' If we began by attempting to fix upon a day, '
we might bring it to half a day, and little by little
down to an hour, and at last down to ten minutes.
There was no knowing where such a thing would
end. He was not for invading the usual course of
the Senate—the old, course, which was for gentle-
man just to sit still in their chairs, day in and day
out, night in and night put. He wished to go on in
the old way.
If the Senator from Georgia, or any other Senator,
desired a recess, he was willing fo -grant it to him,
with the expectation that'we should make up more
than the two hours afterwards. He was willing to
come in the morning as early as gentlemen pleased,
and sit as longasany one in the body jbuthe was not
willing to cut off any Senator who wished to speak.
He was therefore opposed to fixing upon any day.
But he was in favor of bringing this matter to a ter-
mination ; and the only way to do that was, as he
had suggested, for Senators to sit in their chairs, if
necessary, till twelve o'clock at night.
Mr. BERRIEN said that, so far as he was per-
sonally concerned—listening to the suggestions of
the Senator from Missouri, as to the proper course
of proceeding, with respect to the business before the
Senate—he had no objection to the specification of
time. He was desirous that this matter §fcould be
brought to a close, for there was other business wtucfo
he thought imperatively demanded the action of the
Senate. He was desirous that this question should
be brought to a close at some time when there could
be a full expression of the opinions of this branch
of the national legislature.
Mr. WALKER hoped that this suggestion to
fix upon a day would be acceded to. He rose
simply to remark that he would suggest Wednesday
himself, without any desire that it should be fixed
upon by any imperative motion, but by, way of giv-
ing notice, having reference to the very case alluded
to by the honorable senator from Kentucky, in or-
der that the senator who is absent from a cause
which all lamented, might have full opportunity of
being informed by his friends that the vote would
be taken on that day. He wished ito give him no-
tice—not that we would be able to take the vote
upon that day, but that, it was the general expecta-
tion that it would be taken then. He did not think
beyond that period ought to be fixed upon, or that
the vote should fail to be taken even on account
of the absence of that senator, because thh delay
might defeat not only this measure but other meas-
ures of great importance which were now awaiting
the action of the Senate.
The motion was then put in form, to take a recess
till 5 o'clock, and agreed to.
EVENING SESSION.
The Senate was called to order by the PRESI-
DENT pro tem at 5 o'clock, p. m.
There being but four or five senators present,
Mr. SIMMONS suggested that the Senate should
lay aside the special order of the day, and take up
some other business, until the senator from Georgia,
[Mr. Berrien,] who was entitled to the floor, should
be in his seat.
The suggestion was concurred in, after some con-
versation between Messrs. ALLEN and SIM-
MONS.
The following bills were then taken up, consider-
ed by the Senate as in committee of the whole, re-
ported without amendment, and passed.
A joint resolution for* the relief of Mrs. Mary W.
Thompson.
An act to enable the Chickasaw nation to fry the
validity of their claims in the courts of the United
States.
An act to authorize the payment of certain ar-
rearages to the Stockbridge and other tribes of In-
dians, and for other purposes,
