CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
885
and that was by purchase. Now, in regard to this
thing of purchase, if his historical reading had not
misled him, or if his memory was correct as to what
he had read, he was rather under the impression that
political philosophers in England, in speaking of the
acquisition of dominion over that territory by Wil-
liam the Conqueror and his associates, set it down
as title acquired, by purchase, and held the expenses
incurred in acquiring that territory as quite equiva-
lent to the acquisition by purchase. He should
say, as a rule, that the power in the government
that could acquire territory by conquest, naturally
implied that the power was vested in that depart-
ment also, as a necessary consequence, to acquire it
by purchase.
But there was a much stronger reason than this.
Suppose we buy Texas or Mexico for money by
making a specific contract, as in the case of Louis-
iana or Florida; Louisiana for fifteen millions, and
Florida for ten millions: what are the elements of
the contract? What were the elements of the con-
tract' We contracted to pay them ten and fifteen
millions of dollars. Could the President, with two-
thirds or three-thirds of the Senate, raise one cent
of this money? Could they raise one cent of reven-
ue? Could they raise money enough to pay their
own salaries? They had no power at all in the col-
lection of it; and yet they are to make a contract,
which consists in paying money on our part, with-
out the power to raise one cent of it! This was
against all analogy. It was against all those anal-
ogies drawn, not from the practices of other gov-
ernments, but from the constitution of the United
States, and its express grants.
Congress has the express grant of raising revenue,
and appropriating money; but gentlemen argue that
Congress has nothing to do with purchasing foreign
territory. Mr. Jefferson in the purchase of Louis-
iana, according to his recollection, and Mr. Monroe
in the purchase of Florida, first required Congress to
appropriate the means. Mr. Jefferson asked the sum
ot twenty millions of dollars for certain mysterious
purposes connected with our foreign relations. [Mr.
Buchanan said that was too large a sum.] He was
pretty sure that was the amount of the appropria-
tion for this secret service. He knew this, that he
had often heard it stated as a part of the history of
the times, lhat Mr. Jefferson would not move in this
purchase until he got the sanction of Congress by
this secret approjjriation. Mr. Jefferson knew too
well the disposition of power, not to know that all
the power in making contracts belongs to Congress
exclusively.
Without any sort of qualification therefor, he (Mr.
Mcduffie) should say, if this clause authorizing
Congress to admit new States into the Union did not
exist; if there had been no clause upon the subject;
that if foreign territory was to be acquired at all,
the power properly belongs to Conress. By a
strange inversion of rules, gentlemen take for grant-
ed that the framers of the constitution looked upon
the President and two-thirds of the Senate as a sort
of sacred security, subject, like the sacredness of
kings in some countries, to none of the frailties of
our nature. When the honorable senator from
Virginia, who was really instructed in all the
branches of the government, looked at the. President
and two-thirds of the Senate as the great guaranty
against mischief of every description, uid not the
gentleman roeollcct what was the difference m the
formation of thft constitution, between a majority of
the Senile then and now? He would tell him. A
two-thirds majority of (he Senate then—thirteen
States, twenty-six votes—was four. A majority
was fourteen. Two-thirds of the Senate eighteen—
difference four. Now, the honorable senator, per-
haps, believed that these illustrious patriots, so often
eulogized as more than men, who formed the con-
stitution of the United States, regarded a miserable
squad of four senators,miserable frail beings as we are,
as a safer depositary of power than the whole of the
departments of the government united. Did the
fiamers of the consitution actually suppose that the
President, with this corps of four senators, furnished
a much better security against abuse of this power
of carrying on a treaty with a foreign nation than
that popular branch of the national legislature, com-
ing directly from the people?
[Here Mr. Rives, who had been absent, entered,
and took his seat.
Mr. McDuffie expressed his satisfaction at see-
ing the senator fiom Vnginia in his place, and re-
capitulated the latter part of his remarks.]'
He would ask the honorable senator how long he
expected that high degree of political purity to con-
tinue in thiis government—how long he expected it
to be before he could stand up before the people of
the United States and say, I am sure the President
of the United States cannot buy up four senators by
four foreign missions; and to say to the Senate and
and President, that our forefathers were^ said to
have had such extraordinary confidence in them
that they deemed four such individuals a safer de-
positary of power than all the government together.
At the last session of Congress when it appeared
to be important to show that the Senate of the
United States could not introduce a bill reducing
revenue, because it could not introduce a bill to in-
crease revenue; he thought it was the earnest desire
of some gentlemen then to show that the President
and the Senate were worse than nothing; and could
not put their fingers upon it until they got the com-
mand from the other House.
Herecollected reading that one of the old members
of the convention—a very wise man, too—contend-
ed very gravely that this was a very dangerous
body; and went on to speculate that, in the course
of fifty years, Congress would be in everlasting
session—the Senate referring to precedents at every
step, aristocratic in every movement, and separat-
ing itself as much as possible from the people.
" Was it to be supposed that, in those primitive days,
those sagacious men should have given this treaty-
making power to the President and the Senate upon
the ground that they were the safest depositaries of
the whole government?
Gentlemen might rest assured that the framers
of the constitution looked upon the Senate, in con-
nection with the executive, only in relation to par-
ticular subjects, which it was convenient to refer to
them. It was with no suspicion or alarm in regard
to the legislative department. They never expected
to see the anomaly here which has been presented.
They expected that if they ever saw a Csesar, it
would be a Cmsar with a Senate at his heeels. And
allow him (Mr. McD.) to say, that if we now bad
the Cfesar of the gentlemen on the other side, this
Senate would be at his heels.
The Senate was a small body; and from that cir-
cumstance alone, it was ten tunes as easy to buy
them up as it would be to buy up the House of
Representatives. It was a small body, and held its
office by a long tenure. Therefore if there was any
truth in this principle, it was that the Senate
was a more dangerous body—a body less to be
trusted than the body in whom no power had
been vested by the the forms of the constitution,
Except m case of necessity. Look over the records
of the time—look over the history of the constitu-
tion, and you will see that the President was se-
lected to make treaties because he was a single man,
not because he was a man more worthy of trust
than three hundred coming directly from the peo-
ple. They selected him because, being a single
man, he could carry on a treaty with that secresy
necessary to its success, which, in a large body of
men, could not be so well observed.
Such were the grounds upon which the powers of
making treaties were conferred upon the President
and Senate by the framers of the constitution.* It
was upon no conception that the Senate represented
the States;but upon the conception that the Senate
Was a small body, and therefore less liable to de-
lays, and better for secresy than the larger body.
If this apply to the treaty and war-making pow-
ers, what do we say' If it can be.done by legisla-
tion, let it be done. That is the mode. Butcom-
pare these powers. Which is the more dangerous,
to acquire territory by Congrpss or by purchase? If
it is acquired by Congress, it is done at all events by
the same power which is to pay for it, and by the
same power that exercises the war-making power—
the power which authorizes the raising of armies,
creatmgthem in all their panoply, by which victory
and conquest are achieved. In the case of pur-
chase by treaty, the President, who should pur-
chase ateriitory without being assured of the ratifi-
cation of the House of Representatives, would de-
serve, if he stipulated to pay the money,_to receive
the just reward of presumption and unauthorized
authority; and even Mr Jefferson, all-powerful as
he was m the confidence of the people, would not
venture to enter into the negotiation of Louisiana,
before he was assured, by an appropriation made by
Congress for secret service, that the stipulations
which he made should be fulfilled.
If the honorable senator from Massachusettes had
stood 011 theground which he (Mr. McD.) understood
him to take originally, it would have been a bold
and manly ground. He understood him to say,
that he did not contend for the power of the
President and Senate against the legislature,
or the legislature against the President; but
he contended for the people against both; and that
no branch of this government could bring in terri-
tory that did not belong to the United States at the
time of the adoption of the'constitution. That would
have been ground to stand upon. The honorable
senator could stand upon terra firma there. But the
moment you abandon that, and say that the framers
. of the constitution did not intend to give this power
to admit new States out of territory subsequently
.acquired to Congress—the moment you admit that
Louisiana, Missouri, and Arkansas had been consti-
tutionally admitted as members of this Union, you
admit away the whole argument. You have not an
inch of-eonstitutional ground to stand upon. What
was the argument? That the President and two-thirds
of the "Senate may negotiate for the acquisition of
Mexico, with Santa Anna, or any other usurper
sitting there, who cedes the whole Mexican territo-
ry, peopled as she is with Spaniards and In-
dians, jiegroes and mestezos, and all possible
varieties of kind and color, and this territo-
ry, thus acquired to-day, with this heterogeneous
population—"black spirits and-white spirits, grey
spirits and blue," by this clause cvnverzgtione, the
treaty-making power, (the President and the Senate,)
and to-morrow what is done? Why this dreadful,
tremendous, frightful legislative power may come
in, and admit as a State into this Union, this very
territory thus acquired, with all its classes of inhabi-
tants, of all casts and all religions, to a sacred fra-
ternity with the other States of the Union. Now,
he would ask the honorable senator from Virginia
if there was any mode by which a distinction could
be drawn, so as to make it understood that Con-
gress cannot admit a new State peopled with our
own people—once belonging to us, of our own stock,
brought up under the same institutions, educated at
the same schools, worshipping at the same altar, and
protesting against the act by which they were ceded
to a foreign power—that this people, desiring to
come back to us, cannot be admitted into the Union;
and yet we could admit Mexico to-morrow if she
were acquired by treaty to-day, with all her popula-
tion, which constitute treble that of Texas. It did
appear to him that all the analogies of the constitu-
tion hold us to this fact irresistibly, that if a foreign
territory can be acquired at all, it can be acquired by
the legislative power, unless there is some physical
obstacle in the way. If you stipulate terms that
can only, in point of fact, be accomplished by
ministers, these ministers undoubtedly must be
sent to the President; but even then, the Presi-
dent would be as much a ministerial function-
ary in the service of Congress as the minister
from another government would be in his
hands. What was the function to which reference
had been so often made during this debate, both in
the halls of Congress and in the newspapers, which
it was so indispensable that the President and Sen-
ate should perform? Suppose we buy territroy,
do we call upon the President and Senate alone to
give our consent? Was there any senator here who
supposed that the framers of the constitution had
confided this power exclusively to the President
and Senate, without any reference to the popular
branch of the national legislature' The President
and Senate would not dare to act unless the consent
of the people and of Congress had been given in
some form.
Thus it appeared, from the arguments of honor-
able senators upon this subject, that because, in
so'joe cases, it might be necessary to call upon the
President and Senate to ratify and record a contract,
this was an exclusive power sacredly given to
them.
The honorable senator on the other side [Mr.
Dayton] said nothing more to-day than that, the
treaty-making power was vested in the President
ond Senate, without advancing an argument, if he
(Mr. McD.) understood him, to show the extent of
that power on the subjects embraced in it. That the
acquisition of territory belongs to that power, had
not yet, in his judgment, been established by any
arguments which he had heard on the other side.
On the contrary, all the analogies of the constitu
tion proved directly the reverse.
Now, in regard to precedents upon this subject.
How was Scotland united to England' He had not
looked at the books of history to refresh his mem-
ory, but, if his recollection was correct, it was done
by a mutual act of Parliament.
Mr. DAYTON here interposed to say, that as his
