336
CONGRESSIONAL GLC BE
reading was rather fresher than the honorable sen-
ator's, he would, with his permission, state how
that union was, performed. There were commis-
sioners mutually appointed by the two govern-
ments. They .made the treaty, signed the mstru-
. merits of writing, reported each to their respective
government, and then an act of Parliament was pass-
' ed recognising what had been performed by the com-
missioners.
' Mr.-MoDUFFIE resumed. That did not alter
the truth of his position at all. The whole act waa
in point of fact a legislative one; and it was also by
an act of Parliament that Ireland was united to Eng-
land.
What are we about to do? We are about to ad-
mit a foreign State—a State which is now a foreign
State, but which ceases to be foreign the moment she
comes in; and preparing herself according to the
prescribed forms of the constitution before she
comes in; we are about to admit her as a sister State
into this confederacy of sister States. By all the
analogies of constitutional law, and all the antilogies
of history—by all the analogies of sense and reason,
lie appealed to the honorable senator from Massa-
chusetts if he [Mi'.Ciioate] believed that this thing of
acquiring foreign territory with a view to admitting it
as a State hereafter,belonged at all to the treaty-making
power? It was against all reason—all analogy. The
honorable senator thinks it lawfully belongs to the
people of the United States to admit new States.
He (Mr. McD.) should have thought so too, if it
had not been for these five or sixplain words: -'New
States may be admitted by the Congress." But for
that he should go back with the honorable senator;
but there was no half way ground. He thought
that upon this quicksand the honorable senator must
go down. He hoped lie might not do so in politics,
although some had prophesied as much. There
was no half-way house to rest at upon this question.
A few words in regard to another point. In
attempting to construe away one of the very plainest
clauses of the constitution, and one of the shortest,
it was a little extraordinary that the honorable
senator from Virginia, forgetting that brevity is the
soul of wit, seemed to regard it as a conclusive rea-
son why such a tremei dous power should not be
given to Congress because it waa in so short a clause.
It was not to be believed for a moment that the
framers of the constitution should delegate to Con-
gress a power so important, so comprehensive, in
a few words. The honorable senator found another
objection, which was still more striking. He seem-
ed to think it placed in an extraordinary position
m the constitution. Now he (Mr. McD.) suspected
that the honoialjle senator had not ascertained pre-
cisely whether this was not a mistake committed
by the printer. Did he go to the original manu-
script? Perhaps the largest letters in the manu-
script, conspicuous over all others, like the inscrip-
tion of John Hancock in the declaration of inde-
pendence, had attrai ted his attention first. Really,
if we were to object to this power because it was in
a few words, or happened to be found in a dark
corner, the constitution would soon be divested of
its more important grants.
But it was a little extraordinary that the honora-
ble senator from Virginia, who had been brought
up as one of the most strict of that sect, in the
school of State rights and strict construction, should
be the first, thus educated and thus associated, to
set a woful example of annihilating the plain and
express powers of the constitution, by this exor-
cism—this glorious system of construction. Did
not the honorable senator see—did he not know
that the same, power that destroys can create—a
power ten thousand times more dangerous5 He,
warned him to beware when he attempted to trample
down an express clause of the constitution, he
struck at all the rights granted to us by the framers
of that instrument.
Thus these words in the constitution, plain as
they are, comprehensive as they are, unequivocal as
they are—"Congress may admit new States into this
Union'1—weie deemed by the honorable senator to
read, by interpolation, "Congress may admit new
States into the Union, arising within the territory
now belonging to the Union." Yet he claims to ad-
here to the constitution! Did he find this limitation
upon the face of that instrument'
According to his (Mr. McD.'s) views of the con-
stitution, every proposition submitted m relation to
that clause before the contention was a fair sub-
ject of consideration. He well remembered that the
first proposition upon this subject was, that Con-
i could admit new States lawfully wising within
the limits of the United States. Every logical reft-
soner—every judge upon the bench—avery states-
Ulan would say that, if this proposition was origin-
ally submitted to the convention, and riot finally
found in the constitution, it would be conclusive
evidence that the words not therein found were in-
tended to be stricken out. This proposition was con-
fined to those States which would lawfully arise within
the existing territory of the Union. Now, senators
said that the reason why this clause of the constitu-
tion was not finally incorporated, was to get rid of
the word lawfully; that, Vermont was in a sort of re-
bellious unlawful state, so that if they incorporated
the clause with this word it would exclude her;
and it was,, therefore, deemed indispensable to ex-
clude sthe word lawfully. Did it not occur to the
honorable senator's ingenious mind that if
the object of the convention had been mere-
ly to get rid of the word lawfully, they
could have stricken it out, and left the rest as it was?
How would it then road? Exactly as honorable
senators oil the other side interpreted the existing
clause: "Corgress may admit into the Union new
States arising within the limits of the Union." If
that was what they intended, why did they not
strike out the single word lawfully? Why did they
insert another clause calculated to deceive if it
does not mean what it says?
Again: To show of how little value are all these
readings of the intention of the framers of the con-
stitution, and to show how little importance we
ought to attach to the reasons which influenced this
great man or that, in the convention or out of it, he
referred to the conflicting inferences which senators
had drawn from the remarks of the same authorities.
One senator gets up and reads a quotation from the
remarks of Gouverneur Morris, sits down, and is
followed by another senator, who reads an extract
from a letter written by him, contradicting all that
was read before.
All these readings amounted to nothing, lie
would not give a pinch of snuff for the interpreta-
tion drawn from what tins member or that mem-
ber of the convention said. He protested against
considering the constitution by anything but itself,
and the various propositions submitted during its
discussion. If gentlemen went beyond that, they
went out upon the boundless ocean.
He stood upon the plain letter of the constitution,
not because it was a plain letter merely, but because
it was sustained by reason and the nature of things,
and all the analogies existing under this govern-
ment, and the analogies of the constitution itself.
This power to admit'new States into the Union, as
far as thrtt could be done, was expressly given to
Congress; and it was in vain to say that Congress
could not admit a foreign State, but could admit
territory acquired by the treaty-making power—that
Congress could admit the, citizens, and army, and
navy, and "all the pomp and circumstance of war,"
but not the land itself.
He did not intend, when he rose, to make a
speech half so long. Tfe had thrown out the prom-
inent suggestions which laid uccuired to him, with-
out any previous preparation; and he would con-
clude by asking if the power to admit Texas—con-
stituted as she. is, a neighboring province, thttsoil
originally belonging to us, her population in a great
pait once citizens of our own countiy, who went
away from us under a protest, and now come back
with their hands and hearts open to embrace us—
was now to be denied, given as it is under an ex-
press clause of the constitution' ;
(The uiguments which he had heard urged upon
this floor, would, ill the hands of a despotic Presi-
dent, annihilate the liberties of this country. It was
a most dangerous thing to establish a precedent of
this kind. It was equally as dangerous to deny this
power to Congress now, as if it did not exist m the
constitution at all, and gentlemen were attempting
to create it by construction. He trusted, therefore,
that honorable senators would throw off their preju-
dices, and approach this great national question with
that spirit m which such a question as this ought to
beapproached. '
tile had often imagined what an extraordinary
spectacle the Congress of the United Suites must
present to the European nations. He had imagined
how the ministers and kings of Europe were laugh-
ing m their sleeves at the spectacle which we were
now presenting: while Great Britain, three or four
thousand miles from Texas, is moving heaven and
earth to prevent the United States from doing the
just, and necessary, and rational act of national
prudence, of admitting a neighboring territory that
once belonged to her, and peopled by her own peo-
ple, Great Britain is exerting all her ingenuity to
extend that tremendous power which she exercises
over the deep, and oyer the face of the whole world.
While she is pursuing her purpose in endeavor-
ing to secure an alliance, we here, with a free offer
on the part of Texas to surrender her sovereignty to
us, conformably to her constitution and Ours—while
she is coming into our arms without money and
without price—we are gravely debating here technical
and constitutional questions to establish a conohtsion
by which we can deprive ourselves of the great ben-
efit that is offered to us. He regretted that he had
not brought a statement with him, which he had cut
out of the Intelligencer the other day, taken from the
London Times, that he might show honorable sen-
ators in what a glorious estimate we a;e held by the
ministers of England. They say that the Senate of
the United States is the only part of the government
worth a fig—because the Senate had the boldness to
set itself up against the President!
Suppose we lose Texas finally? Senators might
judge as tlicy pleased of his belief, but he said now,
in conclusion, that if we should lose Texas by the
conduct of this Senate, we would be the,jest and the
laughing stock of Europej 1
Mr. MeD. having finished his remarks,
The Senate then adjourned.
HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES.
Monday, February 24, 1845.
The SPEAKER laid before the House a report
from the Secretary of the Treasury on the tonnage
and navigation of the United States: laid on the ta-
ble and ordered to be printed.
Mr. G. W. JONES moved the printing of 10,000
extra copies of the report received a few days ago
from the Treasury Department, giving the amount
of goods imported into the country, distinguishing
the free goods from the dutiable goods, with the
rate of duty on each.
The SPEAKER said that the motion could not
be, entertained without the unanimous consent of the
House.
Mr. BRODI-IEAD objected, and the motion was
not received.
Mr. J. P. KENNEDY moved for the printing of
the usual number of extra copies of the report just
received from the Treasury Department on tonnage
and navigation.
The, CHAIR said the motion could only be enter-
tained by general consent.
Objections were made, and the motion was not
received. ,
The SPEAKER laid before the House a report
from the Treasury Department transmitting a state-
ment from the First Comptroller of the Treasury of
the official emoluments of the officers of the customs,
together with a statement of commissions on dis-
bursements: laid on the table and ordered to be
printed.
Also a communication from the Treasury Depart-
ment enclosing a report from the Treasurer of the
United States containing an account of the receipts
and disbursements of the United States for the year
ending ,10th June, 1844: laid on the table, and order-
ed to be printed.
Also a message from the President of the United
States, made in compliance with a resolution of the
House of the 33d January last, inquiring if any, and
what, officers of the Tinned States have been guilty
of onibez/,lenient since the, 19th of August, 1841, and
if so, whether such officers have been prosecuted as
provided by law, transmitting letters from the Sec-
retary of the Treasury, War, and Navy Depart-
ments, and the X'ost Office Department, giving the
information that no cases of embezzlement had taken
place since 19th August, 1841, except in the case of
;t postmaster in Kentucky, who had been removed
from office, and instructions given for his immediate
prosecution: laid on the table, and ordered to be
printed.
Also a letter from the Secretary of the Treasury
transmitting copies of contracts relating to light-
houses, marine hospitals, &c.: laid on the table, and
ordered to be printed.
Also a communication fiom the War Department
transmitting the report of Lieut. Fremont,of his ex-
pedition west of the Rocky mountains.
Mr. BOWL1N called for the reading of the report
which he wished to follow up with a motion to print
it. As the printing of this document eould not be
executed before the adjournment, he wished the
House to order its being done in the recess. The
