6LOBE.
PUBLISHED BY BLAIR AND RIVES, AT ONE DOLLAR PER SESSION, IN ADYANCE.
28th Cong 2d Sess.
WEDNESDAY, FEBRUARY 26, 1845.
Volume 14....No. 22.
[Continued from JVo. 21.]
document was a very interesting one, and he thought
no objection would be made to printing it.
Objections were made by several, and the motion
was not received.
The following bills from the Senate were several-
ly read twice, and referred to appropriate commit-
tees:
An act extending the jurisdiction of the district
courts, in certain cases, to the lakes and navigable
waters of the same.
An act extending the patent heretofore granted to
William Woodward.
An act for the relief of Noah Miller, of the State of
Maine; and
An act for the relief of the corporation of Wash-
ington.
The bill from the Senate entitled An act supple-
mentary to the act to repeal the act for the better or-
ganization of the district courts of the United States
in the State of Louisiana, and for other purposes,
was read twice.
Mr. I. E. MORSE moved that the bill be put on
its passage, which was agreed to; and if was accord-
ingly read the third time and passed.
The bill from the Senate entitled An act to amend
the act entitled an act to carry into effect in the
States of Alabama and Mississippi, the existing
compacts with those States in regard to the five per
cent, fund for school purposes, was read twice.
Mr. HOUSTON moved that the bill be put on its
passage, which was agreed to; and it was according-
ly read the third time and passed.
WESTERN WATERS.
Mr. TIBBATTS said that, with the view of
moving to take up the bills making appropriations
for the improvement of rivers and harbors, he moved
that the House resolve itself into a Committee of the
Whole on the state of the Union.
The SPEAKER said the gentleman could move
to go into Committee of the Whole on the state of
the Union; and when that motion was carried, it
would be competent for the committee to take up
what business it pleased.
Mr. T1BBAT fS said he was aware of that. He
only intended to give notice of the motion he would
make, if the motion to go into Committee of the
Whole prevailed.
The question being put, the motion of Mr. TtB-
batts was agreed to; and die House accordingly re-
solved itself into a Committee of the Whole on the
utate of the Union, Mr. Wellkr, of Ohio, in the
chair.
Mr. BURKE moved to take tip the joint resolu-
tion of the Senate authorizing the Attorney General
to contract for a certain number of copies of a pro-
posed edition of the laws of the United States.
Mr. RATH BUN moved to take up the post office
bill.
Mr. TIBBATTS moved to take up the bill ma-
king appropriations for the improvement of certain
harbors and rivers.
Mr. McltAY moved that the committee take up
the army appropriation bill.
The question was first put on Mr. BurkeV mo-
tion; ami it was rejected.
The question was next put on Mr. McKay's mo-
tion; and it was also rejected—ayes 73, noes 95.
POST OFFICE BILL.
Mr. RATHBUN moved that the committee take
up Senate bill No. 46, to reduce the rates of postage,
to limit the use and correct the abuse of the frank-
ing privilege, and for the prevention of frauds on the
revenues of the Post Office.
Tellers were then called for, and Messrs. Caleb
B Smith and Tibbatts were appointed; and, hav-
ing taken the vote, they reported 101 in the affirma-
tive and 28 in the negative.
The CLERK then read the bill through all its
sections.
The. reading of the bill having been concluded,
and the firstsection being under consideration,(which
establishes a uniform rate of postage, viz: 5 cents
for all distances for letters or parcels not exceeding
in weight one-half ounce, which are deemed single
letters; charges two cents on drop letters, and on ad-
vertised letters the additional charge of advertising,)
Mr. HOPKINS moved to amend by striking out
and inserting as a substitute therefor, the first sec-
tion, slightly modified, of the bill reported by Mr.
Hardin, from the committee of the House. This
amendment proposes to make the rates of postage
on "single sheets of paper" for 100 miles and un-
der 5 cents, and over that distance 10 cents; doubles,
trebles, or quadruples the charge for two, three, or
four sheets; until the package arrives at the weight
of one ounce avoirdupois, when it is charged quad-
ruple the single rates, and an additional single post-
age for each additional half ounce; provides that the
postages aforesaid be prepaid, and if not prepaid,
doubles the foregoing rates; charges 3 cents on drop
letters, unless prepaid, in which case 2 cents; charges
2 cents additional on advertised letters; prescribes
that it shall not be necessary to advertise letters
which have been refused by those to whom directed;
providing for their being sent, marked "refused,"
to the dead-letter office; subjects to the foregoing rates
and charges every article or thing sent by mail, ex-
cept those by this act sent free, unless it be a news-
paper, pamphlet, or other printed matter "hereinafter
mentioned, containing no written matter whatever
beyond the address and the name of the person send-
ing the same, nor any mark or sign to serve the
purpose of a written communication; and which
shall be so folded or enveloped as to be open at least
at one end."
Mr. HOPKINS obtained the floor, but yielded
for a moment at the request of
Mr. JAMESON, who moved an amendment to
the first section, to establish the rate 5 cents for 200
miles and under; of 10 cents between 200 and 400
miles; and of 20 cents over 400 miles.
Mr. HOPKINS said he had, from the commence-
ment of the present session, believed the Post Office
Department a doomed department of the public ser-
vice; he had believed that it would not bear the re-
duction which seemed to be desired on almost every
side of the House. He was content, however, upon
reflection, to agree to three rates of postage—5,10,
and 15 cents That, of itself, would be a heavy re-
duction. He did not believe the service would bear
a greater one. But the committee of this House,
after great reflection on the subject, and, as he be-
lieved, with an anxious desue on the part of every
member of the committee to arrive at some safe con-
clusion, differed with him, and had recommended
to the House two rates—5 and 10 cents; for 300
miles and less, 5 cents. He believed that distance
ought to be reduced to 100 miles. He knew there
were strong arguments against it. It would be con-
tended, if this lowest rate did not extend to 300
miles, so as to embrace the points between which
the private expresses chiefly operated, that that illi-
cit service would still continue, to the injury of the
Post Office Department; and that much of the mail
matter would find its way of transmission through
these expresses. But gentlemen must carry along
with that idea another, viz: that the private express-
es between the chief cities of the Union would
make a profitable business at less than 5 cents.
When they reduced to five cents between New
York and Philadelphia, the private expresses would
still carry at 3 cents, and make it a profitable busi-
ness. It was utterly impossible, therefore, to put
down the private expresses by reducing the rates
of postage if they still preserved the cardinal prin-
ciple of the department, viz: that it shall be left to
its own income for support; for it must be perceived
that the moment the rates of postage were reduced
so as to break down these expresses the unprofit-
able routes must be broken down, or the depart-
ment must become a charge on the treasury.
That was clear. This government could not com-
pete witli the private expresses, and they could not
compel the private expenses to keep up on unpro-
fitable routes. The consequence was that the pri-
vate expresses would never supply the interior of
the country—that they would never carry the mail
matter along the sparsely settled regions of the South
and West.
The proposition, therefore, presented this alterna-
tive: if they adopted the rate of postage established
by the Senate bill, the service must either be cur-
tailed and crippled in a corresponding degree, or the
department must be put on the national treasury.
He appealed to gentlemen to vote with him to
apply the Scent rate to 100 miles; and if hereafter it
was found that the service would admit of its boing
extended to 200 or 300 miles, how easily it anight
be accomplished by a bill of one section to that ef-
fect. He would be glad, if the service admitted, to
see the 5 cent rate extended to the whole Union,
and for small distances the 2 cent rate; but it was
not for a moment imaginable that it could be
done. He warned gentlemen if the Senate
bill passed there would result a deficiency in
the revenues of the department of not
less than three millions dollars. The bill proposed
a uniform rate of five cents. The present number
of letters averaged about twenty-seven millions; let
them suppose that the mail correspondence of the
country was increased in the highest ratio claimed
by the most imaginary advocate of the cheap sys-
tem, and then we had forty millions of letters, which
would give a revenue at farthest not exceeding two
millions; and this on the hypothesis that each letter
was a single letter. But this bill went further, and
applied the single rate to all packages not exceeding
half ounce in weight, which it considered single let-
ters. Instead of this increasing the commercial
correspondence of the country, it would reduce it.
The thin French letter paper would be obtaine^^
eight sheets of which might enclosed in an envelope,
and not weigh over half an ounce. Did they believe
that our merchants would send single sheets, when
the law would allow them eight sheets at the same
rate? If one had not so many letters to send, some
half dozen houses would combine together for the
purpose of making up the half ounce. Then the
whole increase of the correspondence of the coun-
try would be of frien"dly correspondence. The
commercial correspondence would be decreased un-
der the Senate bill.
But supposing that the correspondence was in-
creased, and that the number of letters was swollen
up to forty millions, it would give but two millions
of revenue; and he maintained, with the half ounce
principle, we would not realize more one and a half
millions of dollars; and that the returns to the next
Congress, if the bill became a law, would demon-
strate it.
He knew it had been said that the mail matter in
England had greatly increased under the penny-
postage system. He referred to several circum-
stances which, in this country, would tend to oppose
its so successful operation, viz: the comparative
sparcity of population, the greater distance of routes,
the greater expenses thereon, &c., and, in view of the
utter failure in which the experiment must result,
declared he would leave it to other gentlemen to
perform the miserable office of catering to the com-
mands of the commercial cities of the Union.
He did not mean to labor this question. He sub-
mitted the bill to the gentleman from Illinois, [Mr.
Hardin,] who was familiar with it in all its opera-
tions, to take chaige of it. The gentleman's con-
stituents had a deeper interest in it than his constit-
uents had.
But he would enumerate one or two among the ,
many objections to it. After all that had been ss.id
on this subject by the city presses—after they had
applied the lash so freely on this House, and on no
member in a spirit of greater denunciation than on
himself, notwithstanding it was said that this bill
was amply discussed in the Senate, and we ought
not dare to amend it, it would be found, in his hum-
ble judgment, one of the crudest pieces of legisla-
tion that had ever passed any deliberative body.
Under this bill would it be believed that the post-
master in Boston would be annually a debtor to the
government of some $7,000? He explained that
the necessary incidental expenses of the post office
were about $17,000, and that with the highest esti-
mated increase of letters of 100 per cent., his com-
mission would still fall short of this amount by
$7,000. There would be. a like defieit of commis-
sion to the amount of $2,000, in St. Louis; and
similar would be the slate of the case in Philadel-
phia, New York, and the other large cities.
Another objection which he named was in rela-
tion to the franking privilege. If any one thing
more distinctly than another was demanded
in the numerous petitions on this subject, it was the
entire abolition of this franking privilege; yet it was
reserved undefc this bill, and that in a very objec-
tionable form, as by it members of Congress wer§
