CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
tion; and he desired to offer .an amendment to ex-
tend the privilege to the utmost limit of the State
in which they were published. If there was any
reason why a newspaper should be sent free for
thirty miles, that reason was good for its free circula-
tion throughout the State; for it was as important
that information should be sent to one part of a State
as to another.
Mr. HARDIN called the gentleman from Maine
to order.
Mr. S. CARY. 1 hope the gentleman will not
interrupt me.
Mr. HARDIN. But I will interrupt you.
The SPEAKER said the gentleman from Maine
was in order.
Mr. HARDIN said the gentleman from Maine
was arguing a section of tins bill, which proposes to
allow newspapers to be sent free for thirty miles
from the place of publication, and an amendment by
which lie proposes to extend that privilege to all
parls of a State.
The.SPEAKER said he did not consider the gen-
tleman from Maine out of order as far as he had yet
heard his alignment.
Mr. S. CARY hoped gentlemen would not
lie so sensitive: they had better let tins bill be dis-
cussed quietly, and if it was seen that it ought to
pass, discussion would not obstruct it. This bill
was brought into this House this morning at half
past 11 o'clock, and now it wanted 20 minutes of
3 o'clock, and in this short time gentlemen were
in feverish haste to hurry it through without dis-
cussion, although it would entirely change the
whole mail and post-office .system of the country.
Why, if this bill should pass, many of our post
offices would not be able to employ any of the clerks
which the business of tlmse offices now required.
But he would return to the point at, which he had
arrived when ho was interrupted. He repeated, then,
that he desired to offer an amendment, to allow
newspapers to circulate free of postage through the
State in which they were published. He desired,
also, to submit an amendment by which he proposed
toiestore the franking privilege to postmasters.
This he intended to offer as an amendment to the
fifth section of the bill in the form of the following
proviso-
■'I'liiritlctl, That the rights of dqmtv postmasters to
n-eei v r :'iti(i transmit mail mutter free of elmrge, now i-*-
ishng by law, ?hall not bo atl'ectecl by anything in tins act
continued."
Tins bill, he was satisfied, would destroy nil the
small offices in the less settled parts of the country.
Mr. HUNT rose to a point of order. He in-
quired if it was in order to discuss the merits of the
bill on a question of reconsideration.
The SPEAKER said it was difficult to prescribe
the exact line within which gentlemen should be
be limited, but in this cane the resolution was one
which proposed to limit debate to two hours in
Committee of the Whole. That resolution had
been adopted, and the gentleman from Maine hud
moved a reconsideration of (he vote by which it was
adopted; and as a reason for that motion, lie was
showing what amendments he had to offer, and how
impossible, it would be to explain them properly in
the lime to which the debate was limited. In the
opinion of the Chair the gentleman from Maine was
ill order.
Mr. HUNT. The objection is, that the gentle-
man is discussing the details of the bill
The SPEAKER replied that the Chair under-
stood the, gentleman from Maine to be discussing
the amendments which he wished to offer, and to be
showing as a reason for a reconsideration, that the
time to which the debate was limited would not
afford him an opportunity to explain them in com-
mittee.
Mr. J. P. KENNEDY inquired if it would be in
order to reply to the gentleman from Maine. [Cries
of "certainly."]
Mr. 0. J. 1NGERSOLL said if the gentleman
from Maine were held to be out of order, lie should
move that that gentleman be allowed to proceed in
order; and on that he should call for the yeas and
nays. [Laughter.]
Mr. CARY said he had another amendment,
which he wished to offer. He desired to move to
sti ike out all that part of the 23d section after the
word "paid," in the 11th line, and ending with the
word "appropriated," in the 12th line, and to insert
in lieu thereof the following:
"Raised and supplied by an increase of the rates of post-
age upon letters; as by this aei prescribed, such measure to
be by uniform additions of twenty per centum, and to be
continued until.the deficiency is supplied by orders to that
effect, to be issued from time to time by the.Postmaster
General."
He proceeded at some length to explain this
amendment. He then made'some "general remarks
on the sweeping changes which this Senate hill pro*
posed to make, and the possible expenditures which
it might entail on the treasury of the country.
Mr. SAMPLE called the gentleman to order, and
inquired if the gentleman had any right to discuss
the question of the general revenues of the coun-
try.
Mr. CARY reiterated that he only wished to say
what he was prevented from saying in Committee of
the Whole. He wanted to say that his colleague had
introduced a resolution here, for which he did not
thank him. He made some other remarks, which
were not distinctly heard.
Mr. RATHBUN moved the previous question;
but withdrew it at the request of
Mr. HAMLIN, who said there was a period
when he had a desire to discuss, a3 fully as any gen-
tleman on this floor could desire, the principles and
provisions contained in this bill, relating to a reduc-
tion of postage. He had examined the matter care-
fully, and lie doubted not the other gentlemen had
done so too, and now the late hour of the session
admonished him that action would be more desira-
ble than talk. He had made up his mind to that
purpose, and he accordingly submitted the resolution
which had been adopted to terminate the debate in
two hours after the House should again go into
committee upon that bill. And he would ask his
colleague if in those two hours he would not have an
opportunity to explain the amendments which he
desired to offer.
Mr. CAREY made some observations which
were too indistinctly heard to be given; but he was
understood to characterize the two-hour limitation
as a miserable doling out of our rights.
Mr. HAMLIN would tell the gentleman from
Maine that he had no privileges to dole out to any
man. It was for the House, in its own character
and dignity, to say what should be the rule by
which it should be governed; and it was for the
House, oil its own judgment, to determine what
rules it would adopt to control its action. He (Mr.
H.) was not the "dictator" his colleague would
make him appear to be. lie never attempted in
any way to dictate to the House, or to dole out to
any the rights they might had there. He submit-
ted his proposition, and then it became the proposi-
tion of the House, and not his, (Mr. H.'s;)butif
the House, could only have anticipated that ii would
have excited so much the ire of his eolleague, he
was appiehensive the House would have shrunk
from its adoption. [Laughter.]
But one word more to his colleague. That gen-
tleman had stated that he, (Mr. H.,) in the late can-
vas, had opposed the present iniquitous tariff. His
colleague stated the fact truly. He did oppose, the
tariff system when he was face to face with his
constituents, and he should do it again whenever
he had the opportunity.
lie went for low rates of postage, on the same
principle that lie went for low duties on imposts;
and he saw not why we should not have the first as
well as the second. He was willing—nay, he would
chcerfully vote—to saddle upon the treasury some
charge, for the Post Office Department. If the gov-
ernment sent one-fourth of the mail matter, then
why call on the community at large to pay for this?
A gentleman stated that the government paid #180,-
000. He cared not what; let it pay according to
what it used the department. Suppose the present
Post Office Department should, for the present,
prove a burden on the treasury: he maintained, first,
that then the department would not get back what it
should have received for advantages which it
had conferred on the government; and, second,
that the reduction of the rates of postage was
not only designed, but would operate an in-
crease of communication to the extent which
would give lis more revenue than was produced by
the present rates of postage. The Postmaster Gen-
eral, and every gentleman of intelligence, told them
that, with the existing high rates of postage, a vast
amount of mailable matter was transmitted in pri-
vate channels, depriving the Post Office Department
of a vast amount of revenue; and should that state
of things be continued?
Mr. HAMMETT (Mr. Hamlin yielding for ex-
planation) said that this experiment of low postage
had been made only in one country—in England.
He had asked the other day of the minister from
England to this country how the system worked, -
(for he was sincerely desirous of giving a fair ana
full examination to this whole subject.) He had
told him that the government of England had
already lost eight millions of dollars under the
penny system, from what it would have received
under the former system. If the gentleman intended
to depend on this argument of the successful opera-
tion .of the penny system in England, he would
be most egregiously mistaken.
Mr. HAMLIN continued, if he understood the
matter correctly, the amount of mailable matter liad
more thad doubled since the reduction of the rates
of postage in England, and the amount of revenue
received more than paid the expenses of the depart-
ment, although he understood it had not yet quite
come up to the amount received under the former rates.
But did thegentleman from Mississippi desire, in this
country, to tax the people through the medium of
the post office, to raise a surplus above the expen-
ditures of the department, to be applied to defray
the expenditures of other departments of the gov-
ernment' This experiment showed that the post of-
fice, under this penny system, in England, yielded
abound four million^ of pounds sterling more than the
expenditures.
Mr. HAMMETT said he understood the British
minister to assert that the department in that coun-
try now only paid its expenses.
Mr. HAMLIN continued. "He only came to
the conclusion from the facts stated that the reduc-
tion of the rates of postage, like the reduction of
fare on railroads arid steamboats, would increase
the amount of business, and, on a fair trial, of rev-
enue.
For another cause he was in favor of this bill; be-
cause he had had the honor to preseut great quan-
tities of petitions from all sections and classes of the
community in the district he represented on this
floor. It was a matter which came directly home
not only to the mercantile, but to all the other class-
es of the community. If there was a single ques-
tion on which the public mind was thoroughly alive
it was this; if there* was any voice sent up here
above and beyond all others, it was the demand
that they should give the country a low rate of post-
age. And whatever might be the fate of the bill,
he rejoiced that he had the opportunity of recording
his vote in favor of it. And letit be understood that
the gentlemen who were so extremely sensitive in
this matter were the gentlemen representing sections
where the revenues raised from the department were
not equal to the expenditures of it.
Mr. PAYNE had but little to say in reference to
the bill now under consideration, because he had
been allowed no time to examine its provisions.
He had not been able to read the bill. What was
its legislative history? It had been read at the
Clerk's table, amid the noise and confusion of this
lmll. No man could understand its provisions by a
single reading under the most favorable circumstan-
ces; but under existing circumstances it is quite out
of the question to do so. The bill contains twenty
pages, closely printed upon foolscap paper. Who
could understand this mass of matter by a single
reading from the Clerk's table? No one.
What are we told is to be its effect on the Post
Office Department? The chairman of the Post Office
Committee [Mr. Hopkins] has informed the House
that it is to ruin, to annihilate that department. The
gentleman from New York [Mr. Rathbun] admits
that the bill has inherent defects; but says that it
also contains some good provisions; and, after pro-
ducing a compromise with his conscience, balanced
the account, and is willing to take the bill with all
its defects. This compromise of conscience is fol-
lowed, upon the part of that gentleman, by moving
that the committee rise, with a view of allowing ten
minutes to investigate the whole bill. Who ever
heard of such an outrage upon the freedom of de-
bate?
The gag rule of the 27th Congress, and the whip
and spur applied to the party hacks under the op-
eration of that rule, in the passing the fiscality, fur-
nished no parallel to the present enormity. He had
examined one or two sections of this bill; and he
must say, take them up one side and down the oth-
er, they had no parallel in the legislative history of
this country: for enormity and iniquity they had
no rivalry. And yet we are called upon to take it
upon trust. Why take it upon trust? Because the
Senate has passed it, and it satisfies the gentlemen
from New York. Is it the duty of this body to
take upon trust, without consideration, any bill sent
us by that unerring body—the Senate? Was thi*
