340
CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
the object Tor which the members of this body were
chosen by the people? or Were we selected to con-
sider and act as $ co-ordinate branch of the legisla-
tive department of the government? If the former
be our duty, then where the necessity of two legis-
lative branches? If the latter be our duty, then
are we discharging our legislative duty to the people
by taking this bill upon trust, without consideration,
or even examination? We are not. He; for one,
would not consent to do so. Pass that bill, without
examination, because it passed the Senate! Non-
sense! What did we see one year ago? The
Senate—this body which cannot err, whose edicts
we are called upon to register—adopted a
resolution raising a select committee to judge of
the quantum of intellect necessary to authorize a
member to sit in that wise, deliberative body. It
never occurred to a majority of the Senate that the
State legislature was the only tribunal to decide
that fact. This select committee was raised in ref-
erence to one of the wisest and most patriotic mem-
bers of that body. But if the provisions of this bill,
so far as I have read them, are to be taken as a speci-
men of senatorial wisdom, it ia not to be wondered at
that such a committee should have been raised; and
it has now become a matter of profound philosophy,
whether that select, should not be changed into a
standing committee, for the perpetual benefit of the
majority of that body. Be that as it may, he could
take nothing upon trust with these evidences before
him. From what quarter does this proposition
come? From the city of New York? It is a bill for
the benefit of citics, to the injury of the country.
It is a New York bill; a New England bill. What
does tho first section propose? It reduces the post-
age without reference to distance to ftvp cents upon
a letter. No man doubts but that the effects of this
bill will be so to diminish the revenues of the post
office department, that it will not defray its own
expenditure- No one, I repeat, doubts this. How,
then, is that department to be supported? By an ap-
piopriation from the treasury. Who, under exist-
ing laws, pay the postage upon letters? The
letter-wiiiers themselves; composed of merchants
and business men; love-sick swains and city
belles; these are the persons who write the let-
ters, and are benefited and gratified by the Post
Office Department. It is not right that they should
pay the expenses of it. Who pays into the treas-
ury your custom-house revenue? The planter, me-
chanic, and laboring man. He pays it by a secret
and indirect tax upon his salt, sugar, axe, hoe,
leather, and wearing apparel of every kind. These
men rarely write letters; if they do, they pay the
postage upon them, and therefore bear their full pro-
portion of the burden of the department. This is as
it should be. But if you transfer the burden of sup-
porting the Post Office Department from the revenue
derived from postage to the revenue derived from
customs, is it not obvious that you tax the planter,
mechanic, and laboring man, to pay postage upon
the letters of the merchants, beaux and belles of your
cities? Is this just? If not, why force this bill
through under the operation of your gag-rules.
Mr. Payne next said it was not remarkable that
New York should be found true to herself—that is,
to her own interest—upon this proposition. But
when he reflected upon the tribute paid by this nation
for half a century to New York—a tribute which had
raised her from poverty and obscurity to her present
wealth and commercial renown—he considered
this new efifom to transfer the burden of paying the
postage upon letters written in support of that
wealth and commerce which the tribute of the whole
nation has bestowed upon her, a pitiful attempt to
reward generous liberality by an act of selfish, par-
simonious meanness, altogether unworthy the com-
mercial metropolis of the Union. When he reflect-
ed upon the energy, enterprise, and commercial im-
portance of New York, he felt proud of her; but
for her parsimonious meanness, grasping avarice,
and love of monopoly, he had no respect whatever;
and for this insidious attempt to transfer the bur-
dens of the Post Office Department from the writer of
letters to those who write but few, or no letters, he
felt absolute contempt.
Mr. P. continued. The gentleman from Maine
[Mr. Hamlin] has said that it is not intended by
this bill to quarter the Post Office Department upon
the national treasury. How are we to account for
this error of opinion? In but one way: The gen-
tleman has not read the bill which he is now endea-
voring to force through without examination. The
22u section of the bill provides for an immediate ap-
propriation of seven hundred and Jtfty thousand dollars
to supply the deficiency contemplated by the reduc-
tion of the postage ; thus showing the object of
the friends of the measure is to make the country
pay the expense of city correspondence. We all
know this. The gentleman would have known it
had he read the bill. It is unjust; and for that rea-
son alone, if there were no others, he should oppose
its passage.
He found other objections. This was also a
New England bill, and not a bill for the whole
Union; it is sectional in more aspects than one. The
second section exempts every man from the pay-
ment of postage upon newspapers, who lives with-
in thirty miles from the town in which said paper is
printed. New England is composed of cities and
towns ; a newspaper is published in nearly every
one of them; and hence New England will be ex-
empted from the payment of postage upon news-
papers under this bill. Not so m the South or West.
Towns are scarce, and papers more so; not one-
fourth of the people of the South or West reside
within thirty miles of a town in which a paper is
published, if papers are taken at all, it must be from
a distance over thirty miles; and hence postage must
be paid. In a sectional point of view, this is a bill to
exempt New England from the payment of postage
upon newspapers altogether, and, at the same time,
leaves three-fourths of the South and West to pay
postage as they now do.
Mr. P. continued: he believed the laws of Con-
gress ought not only to be just, but to wear the face
of justice. This bill is a bold, impudent, and un-
blushing effort to create distinctions by exactions
and exemptions upon citizens entitled to equal jus-
tice at the hands of Congress. Why should a man
residing tlnrty-one miles from a point in which a
newspaper is published, be forced to pay postage
upon papeis, when his next door neighbor, re-
siding within thirty miles, is exempted1* Is this
not unjust' and is it not inequitous m principle,
when it is remembered, that both are to lie taxed
equally upon their consumption to pay the cxpen-
dituies of the Post Office Department'1 He should
like to hear, the answer of a repiesentative to an in-
quiry from one of the advocates of equality and jus-
tice in the operation of law, who may be found in
every cottage of the valley of the Mississippi, as to
the injustice of the operation of this bill. lie would
not convince either the man living within thirty
miles, or over that distance, from the pointat which
a newspaper is published, that he was warranted in the
introduction of a principle into our law by which one
man is to be taxed, and another exempted, for read-
ing a newspaper. These distinctions are odious
and dangerous; and for these reasons he would oj>-
pose the bill.
His next objection to the bill was, that it would
close foiever all hope of increasing mail conveniences
in the new States. The old States are now supplied
with those conveniences. They desire 110 increase;
and cheapness of the transmission of the mail is all
they desire. Not so with the new States. The
sparsely populated sections of those States have no
post omcc convenience. We are, therefore, interest-
ed in extending them. Our friends and relatives, in
many cases, reside far away in the old States. Most
of us were bom and raised in the old States. Our
sympathies cluster around the scenes of childhood;
and our only communication with them is through
the post office. When this is denied us, we are ex-
cluded from all communication not only with the
scenes of childhood, but from friends of riper years.
Life is thus robbed of half its interest; and the be&t
feelings of the human heart, rue stifled and de-
stroyed. He would long pause before he would
support a measure the tendencies of which are to
such results. Look at the vast regions now uncul-
tivated, which extend to the setting sun. These
are to be populated. Your children are to inhabit
them. Are you prepared, by the adoption of this
bill, to annihilate the Post Office Department, and
thereby cut off all communication with thein? He
might be told that we can repeal the law, if it works
badly. Those who yield to this suggestion know
but little of human nature. It is much easier to de-
feat than to repeal a measure. Its advocates are
now asking a boon. They will hereafter demand
as a right what you now concede them as a privi-
lege. He asked, then, the members from the new
States, if they value the privileges, conveniences,
and blessings of the Post Office Department, to join
him in united opposition to the measure: reconsider
and reject, or amend the bill.
In conclusion, Mr. P. stated that he was willing
to reduce the postage upon letters to five, ten, and
twenty cents. This would not material!jraffect the
revenue, and would be a convenience to the .people.
He would even go further. He would vote for any
reduction—as a revenue measured-recommended by
the department: beyond that point he would not go.
He repeated, he had not read the bill; he had not been
allowed time to do so, and had only glanced at such
defects as his eye had fallen upon. Re doubted not
its enormities would be found ten-fold greater, when
critically examined.
Mr. JAMESON moved the previous question.
Mr. THOMPSON moved that the House ad-
journ.
Mr. ROBERTS called for the yeas and nays on
the adjournment; and tellers being called for and'or-
dered on the call for the yeas and nays, Messrs.
Hale and Winthrop were appointed, who, on tak-
ing the question, reported—ayes 31, noes 92.
So the yeas and nays were ordered, one-fifth of
the members present voting for them.
The question was then taken on the motion to
adjourn, and decided in the negative—yeas 31, nays
134.
Mr. WINTHROP moved to lay the motion to
reconsider on the table; and the yeas and nays being
called for, tellers were ordered on that call.
Messrs. Owen and Grinnell were appointed;
and they reported 35 in the affirmative, which was a
sufficient number.
So the yeas and nays were ordered; and being ta-
ken, resulted thus—yeas 102, nays 54. "
So the motion for a reconsideration was laid on
the table.
Mr. McKAY submitted a resolution to provide
for a recess of this House hereafter from half-past
2 o'clock to half-past 4.
Objection was made.
Mr. McKAY moved 0 suspension of the rules;
and on this it appeared that there were 98 in the af-
firmative.  
Tellers were called for, and ordered, and Messrs.
Haralson and Pollock were appointed; and they
reported 81 in the affirmative, and 50 in the nega-
tive.
So the motion was not agreed to.
A motion was then made to adjourn; and after va-
rious attempts to take the vote verbally, tellers were
called for, and Messrs. Thompson and Barringer
were appointed; and they reported 75 in the affirma-
tive, and 68 in the negative.
The House then adjourned.
The following notices of petitions presented to-
day, were handed to the reporters by the members
presenting them:
By Mr. SIMONS: The petition of S. T. Cook, and £34
others, citizens of Winchester, in Connecticut, for the re-
duction of postage, and of the franking privilege: ieferied
to the Committee of tbe "Whole on the s-tate of the Union
By Mr. A. 1'. STONK: The memorial ol Jame9 Russell,
and 85) other citizens of the State of Ohio, praying Con-
gress to ltirmsh said Russell with means to construct a
national planetarium at Washington: referred to the Joint
Committee on the Library.
By Mr. McDOWELL: Sundry petitions from Clermont
county, Ohio, lor a mail route from Cincinnati, through
Bethel, to Felicity, in said county: referred to the Com-
mittee on the Post Ollice and Post Roads.
By Mr W WRHxHT: The petition of Charles Davis and
120 others, citizen* of fclivabethtown, New Jersey, j r.tj irg
for the of the Senate lull reducing postage. Also the
petition of J. Kdwin Mart.li, and 110 others, citizens ol'Klmi-
beth Port, New Jei«ev, of a similar import. Also, the peti-
tion of Samuel Oliver and 0-2 others, citizens of Rahu ay,
New Jeisey, praying for the passage of the Senate bill in-
ducing postage without amendment.
By Mr. Pll'CENJX: The memorial of the insurance com-
panies, and 101 merchants, captains of vessels, and others, m
favor of meeting light-houf.es on Hog [aland, opposite
Muchapungo shoals, in Northampton county, Virginia
By Mr. HUiNfiKtlKORD: The petition of inhabitants of
the county ol Jefferson, New York, for 0 induction of post-
age and abolition of the franking piivilege: referred to the
Committee of the Whole on the state of the Union.
By Mr. MUItPHY: The petition ol l.. 00 citizens of Brook-
lyn, in the Statu of New York, praying the passage of the
bill to reduce the rates of postage as passed bj the Senate:
referred to the Committee ot the Whole on the state of the
t-nion.
By Mr. COLLAMKlt: The petition of George Lyman and
fl"> others, for an alteration of postage: referred to the Com-
mittee of the Whole 011 the state of the Vmon.
By Mr CA.ItPF.NTKR The petiuon ol 182 citizens of the
State of New York, nraj mg for the passage by the House
ot Representatives of the bill to reduce the rates oi postage
recently passed b) the Senate.
By Mr. J. K CARY: The petition of J. Washington Tay-
lor and 63 other citizens of Cherry Valley, Otsego county.
New York, praying that the Senate bill for the reduction of
postage maybe passed and become a law: referred to the
Committee 011 the Post Oilice and Poft Itoads.
B) Mr. KULLRR: Two petitions signed by 78 citizens ot
Susquehanna county, Pcnnsj Ivania, praying for the imme-
diate adoption of a sj stem of uniform and cheap postage,
