CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
Mi-
the tiasis being a fixed rate of two cents postage on all let-
ters not exceeding Half an ounce, in weight.
By Mr. ATKINSON: The petition of Captain 'Bedell and
many others, masters of vessels, asking fo'f t%$ establish-
ment of two lights on Hog Island, in Northampton c<?urity,
Virginia: referred to the Committee on Commerce.
By Mr. SEVERANCE: The petition of Elijah Page and
4-2 others, of Orono, Maine, that the bill for the reduction of
postage which has passed the Senate may also pass the
House. Also of Lewis Bates and 8 other ministers of the
Methodist church in Massachusetts, of the same import.
By Mr, C. M. REED: The memorial of C. B. Cattor, esq.,
and the members of the grand jury for the county of Potter,
Pennsylvania, asking Congress to reduce the rates ol post-
age to three, five, and ten cents. The petition of Lewis
Mann, esq., and others, citi'/.ens of Potter county, praying
the immediate adoption of a uniform and cheap system of
postage
By Mr. H DODGE: The petition of 61 residents in the vi-
cinity of the northwestern lakes. Michigan, Huron, and
Erie, asking Congress for ail appropriation for the construc-
tion of a harbor at the mouth ol the Manitowoc river, on the
western shore of Lake Michigan, in the Territory of Wis-
consin. The petition of l\'2 citizens of Foil du Lac county,
Tetii.ory of Wisconsin, asking Congress for an appropria-
tion for the construction of a harbor at the mouth of She-
boygan liver, on the western shore of Lake Michigan, in
said Terntoiy: referred to the Committee on Commerce.
IN SENATE.
Tuesday, February 25, 1845.
On motion, the reading of the journal was dis-
pensed with.
Mr. JOHNSON presented a preamble and reso-
lutions passed by the legislature of the State of
Louisiana, urging the adoption of measures to in-
sure a greater degree of regularity in the transmis-
sion of the mails from Washington city to New
Orleans; which was referred to the Committee on
the Post Office and Post Roads, and ordered to bo
printed.
Mr. J. also presented a resolution passed by the
legislature of the State of Louisiana, requesting the
senators and representatives of that State in Con-
gress to use their efforts to obtain an appropriation
for completing the marine hospital at New Orleans;
which was referred to the Committee on Com-
merce.
Also resolutions from the same source, requesting
the senators and representatives of that State m
Congress to use their efforts to obtain an appropria-
tion for removing obstructions to the navigation of
the Sabine and Red rivers; which was referred to
the Committee 011 Finance.
Also resolutions of the legislature of Louisiana,
requesting the senators and representatives from that
State to use their exertions to procure an appropri-
ation to build a custom-house in the city of New
Orleans; which were refcired to the Committee 011
Commerce.
On motion by Mr. MILLER, it was
Rewired. That tin rroaident of the United Ktutes lie re-
quested, if not incompatible with the public interest,
to furnish the Senate with copios of all tlie oorrasnond-
ence between the commands! (it the I'-ast India Mjuddron
and toieign poweri, or United Ktntoa agents abroad, during
the year!. 18-12 ami 1813, relating to the trade and other in-
terests of this government.
Mr. WOODBURY remarked that it was neces-
sary that some arrangements should be made in ad-
vance for the inauguration on the 4th by the mar-
shal of the District. He thercfoie submitted the
following resolution, which wa.s agreed to, viz:
RtMilml, Tll.it a committee of the Senate be appointed to
make the necessary air.ingenients for the inception and in-
auguration of the I'residcnt elect, and lo apprise linn ol the
same.
On motion by Mr. W., the Chair was empowered
to appoint the committee, to consist of three; when
Me&sis. Woodbury, Bhbebe, and CouwiTr, were
appointed.
Mr. BARROW, from the Committee on Com-
merce, reported back, without amendment,and with
a recommendation that it do pass, the bill autho-
rizing the extension of Morse's magnetic telegraph
from the city of Baltimore to the city of New York.
Mr. HUNTINGTON, from the Committee 011
Commerce, to which was recommitted the bill re-
turned from the House with amendments, the act
allowing a drawback on goods and merchandise im-
ported in original packages to 'Chihuahua and Santa
Fe, in Mexico, reported the same back, with a rec-
ommendation that the Senate disagree to the amend-
ment of the House.
Mr. D1X said he was in favor of concurring with
the House 111 it.s amendment, and hoped, therefore,
that the matter would be laid on the table till to-
morrow.
The motion was agreed to.
On motion by Mr. HUNTINGTON, the report
from the Post Office Department, in answer to a res-
olution, containing information in relation to the re-
ceipts and expenditures of that department for four
years past, was ordered to be printed.  
On motion by Mr. HUNTINGTON, the cotfl-
munication which was transmitted from the State
Be'p'Srteect a, few days since, showing the changes
and modifications of the commercial systems of the
nations with which the tfnited States have treaty
regulations, was taken up, aria 1,800 eXtfa-sopies
were ordered to be printed for the use 01 tlie Senate.
On motion by Mr. JARNAG1N, the pr^'ioas
orders of the day were postponed, and the bill froffl
the House for the relief of Walker, Kinkle, and
Caruthers, was taken us for consideration as in
committee of the whole.
Mr. JARNAGIN explained that this bill was, at
his instance, laid on the table a few days ago, to en-
able him to obtain information which he supposed
would show the invalidity of the claim. It was, he
explained, a claim for losses by an annulment of,
and modifications of, contracts for carrying the
United States mtiil. He had since made it his bu-
siness to inquire into the matter, and was now per-
fectly convinced that the claim Was a most just one,
and would withdraw all opposition to it.
The bill was then reported to the Senate; and, ac-
cording to order, read the third time, and passed.
On motiort by Mr. BATES, the previous orders
of the day were postponed, and the bill from the
House for the relief of Johfi Adams and John
Adams, jr., was taken up for consideration as in
committee of the whole; and after explanation by Mr.
FOSTER, was reported to the Senate; and, accord-
ing to order, was read the third time, and passed.
On motion by Mr. WHITE, the previous orders
of the day were postponed, and the bill for the relief
of the legal representatives of William D. Cheever,
deceased, was taken up for consideration as 111 com-
mittee of the whole.
Mr. FOSTER explained that this bill was most
just in its object. It was to indemnify for losses
sustained by an agent of the government upon
treasury and other notes, in disbursing the moneys
of the government. There was not a dissenting
voice in the committee to ils passage.
The bill was reported to the Senate, and ordered
to be engrossed for a third reading.
On motion by Mr. BAYARD, the previous or-
ders of the day were postponed, and the bill for the
relief of John R. Bryan, the administrster of Isaac
Garrctson, late purser in the navy of the United
States—allowing certain items in the settlement of
his accounts—was considered, as in committee of
the whole, reported to the Senate, and ordered to be
engrossed for a third reading.
On motion by Mr. PORTER, the Senate took up
for consideration, as in committee of the whole, the
bill for the relief of the State of Michigan, and
several railroad companies; it was considered, re-
ported to the Senate, and ordered to be engrossed
and read a third time.
Mr. STURGEON called for an explanation of the
provisions of the bill.
Mr. PORTER explained that it was not a bill
which proposed any modification of the existing
tariff law, by a remission of duty on railroad iron.
It was a bill similar to one winch, at the instance of
the senator from Pennsylvania, he (Mr. P.,) a few
years ago, gave his support. In the year 1842, the
State of Michigan made application to Congress for
an extension of the time for laying down certain
railroad iron, which was exempted from duty. The
application was granted, and the time allowed by
the act of 1842, during which the iron thus exempt-
ed was to have been laid down, expired in conse-
quence of unforeseen embarrassments in that State,
before it could be done. This bill provided for a
further extension of the time. The bill, however,
went a little farther. It provides relief in all cases
where the iron was imported prior to the 3d of
March, 1843, and not laid down in the time required
on any railroad or inclined plane. He repeated tlmt
alt the Slate of Michigan, and these companies
solicited was, that, where the iron was imported
prior to the 3d of March, 1843, it might be exempted
from the payment of duty, on satisfactory proof
being given to the Secretary of the Treasury that
the iron was laid down at any time prior to the
passage of the act. The bill was not intended to be
prospective Rtall.
Mr. COLQUITT proposed that this bill be laid
aside, with the view of taking up the general bill
upon the subject of the remission of duty on rail-
road iron.
Mr. PORTER expressed the hope that the sen-
ator from Goorgia would not press his request.
The passage of this bill could not in any manner
affect that bill.
Mr. COLQUITT remarked that railroad compa-
nies in' other sections of the eountry were in the
same situation as those provided for m this bill, ana
he saw no good reason -why there should be partial
legislation upon the subject.
Mr. HENDERSON again explained the differ-
ence between this bill and the general one upon the
table; when . , .
Mr. COLQ.UITT agreed not to press hi3 mo-
RHt/LEft did not consider that this bill inter-
fered witli the tariff law of 1842. The simple ques-
tion was, whetfce* it Was good policy to relieve these
companies of duties imposed upon iron imported,
and laid down by them, tot not within the time
allbwed by the law subsequently passed exempt-
ing-that iron from duty. He was opposed to the
bffl, because he looked upon it as a entering
wedge for the general bill lying upon the table. I
they released the duties to these companies, other
companies would come in and demand a like ex-
emption. He knew how these things jcredone.
He considered that it was bad policy, and he would
vote against the bill, because it would wtroduc.e a
precedent for other railroad companies to come in
for relief*
° Mr.1 HENDERSON explained, that this case
could form no precedent for the general remission
of duty on railroad iron. e
Mr. STURGEON was opposed to the passage of
that bill,- on the ground that great injury would
enure to the inierests of Pennsylvania thereby. It it
were passed it #oti1<1 be an entering wedge by
which the iron interests Of that State and the State
of New Jersey would be seriously affected. He
could not conceive why three £ f f°ur. corporations
should claim, and be invested with 8 privilege which
is denied to individuals equally if not more entitled
to the bounty of government. The whole country
the machinist, the agriculturist, the fanTier with
his one plow—wereas much entitled, heconceiV6cl,to
the consideration of government in this respect as
those corporations. He then alluded to the difficulty"
the Post Office Department had in getting those com-
panies to carry the United States mail, for which they
charge the most exorbitant prices—$250 per mile 1
when the owners of stage coaches (who ask no
bounty from the government) are well pleased to
get §125 per mile for doing a like service. Not-
withstanding the extortions these corporations prac-
tised upon the government, they now seek a bounty
from it. He was opposed to giving it. He said that
the bill introduced by the senator from Maine,
[Mr. Evans,] and for the passage of which this was
but an entering wedge, would cost Pennsylvania
millions of dollars. He then alluded to the facility
with which the iron establishments in Pennsylvania
and Maryland could manufacture railroad iron
equal to that imported, and to the extent they were
now manufacturing it for several companies. There
was, he said, one single establishment in Pennsyl-
vania which turned out more than 100 tons of manu-
a ctured iron of this character per week; and the
moment they are informed that it was likely the
duty on the foreign manufactured article was like-
ly to be withdrawn, it would create embarrassment.
He hoped the Senate would, by the rejection of this
bill, show that the government did not intend to in-
terfere with their interests.
Mr. HENDERSON remarked on the impropri-
ety of the senator from Pennsylvania holding up
the general bill for the remission of duty, now lying
upon the table, to prejudice the claims of these com-
panies, which asked for no remission of duties on
iron to be imported, but which had been actually
laid down, though not in time to entitle them to
the benefits of the law heretofore passed for their re-
lief. If the former law making an exemption in
their favor was just, it was most unjust now to
withhold the benefit of that law. The passage of
this bill, he maintained, could be no entering wedge
for the passage of the general bill. He hoped the
senator from Pennsylvania would reconsider his ob-
jection.
On motion by Mr. WALKER, the above bill
was passed by informally, with the view of pro-
ceeding to the consideration of the special orders.
ANNEXATION.
The Senate then resumed the consideration of the
joint resolu.ion from the House for the admission of
Texas as a State into the Union.
(Mr. ALLEN was understood to say, in com-
