342
CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
mencing his'remarks, that no portion of the globe,
habitable or uninhabitable, stood in a more interest-
ing attitude than Texas at this moment. The an-
nexation of Texas to the United States was a sub-
ject of considerable speculation abroad and at home.
"But viewed in the relation which this nation bears
to the other great nations of the earth, and especi-
ally to the nation of Texas, it becomes an object of
deep importance in reference to our well being. It
was in this view of the matter that he should pro-
ceed to consider the subject exclusively; doubting
not, himself, the competency of the law-making
power to consummate the object now proposed.
/ In speaking of our relations with other countries
upon this question, he should not confine himself to
mere arbitrary arrangement about treaties, but
should refer to the general condition of the civilized
world. . It was necessary to remember that we lived
" inan age when the plow and the loom, and the
well-freighted bark, were the legislators of the
world—m an age when commerce was the prepon-
derating influence in the councils of all nations. If
this fact were remembered, and the relation which
we bore to the greatest commercial nation of the
earth considered, the great importance of the ques-
tion would be readily comprehended-
v Mr. A. remarked that there was in the whole
world but eight milltons of tonnage. Of this amount,
three and a third millions were owned by Great
Britain, and about two and a third millions by the
United States. Thus, the fact is presented that
Great Britain, owning three-eighths, and the United
States two-eighths of all the tonnage of the world,;
thfse two nations are brought in direct rivalry for 1
commercial ascendency. It was thi3 which made '
the Gulf of Mexico so important in this contest
about the annexation of Texas to the United States.
Through that Gulf of Mexico two-thirds of our
commerce now passes. Through that gulf, one hun-
dred years hence, nine-tenths of it will pass; and the
Gulf of Mexico is commanded by Cuba, a great
• island nearly as large as England, and standing like
a tongue at the mouth of the gulf. How did Great
Britain stand in relation to the Gulf of Mexico,
which was the outlet of two-thirds of our commerce?
Would she not command it, if she obtained pos-
session of Cuba? Great Britain, now, has almost
within cannon shot of us, eighteen colonies in the
West Indies. Throughout the world she has 67 col-
onies; and 18 of them are in the vicinity of that Gulf
through which nine-tenths of our future commerce
is destined to pass. What was the present con-
dition of Cuba' It was like a ripe apple, ready to
drop down from the tree which held it. To Spain
it belonged—to Spain, a worn-out and exhausted
country; but the ancient ally of Great Britain
Long since, the island would have been reduced to
the condition ot a British colony, but for the inter-
vention of France, which kept it in a state of be-
tweenity. It could not, Mr. A. thought, be long
held by Spain, unless the United States should pre-
vent its violent seizure by Great Britain, which
would thus acquire the strongest post in the world
for commercial purposes.
Politicians might wi h to do so, but it would be
vain to attempt to disguise the fact that England
was more precariously situated than any other gov-
ernment. And why? Because her throne rested
upon a commercial basis. All the empire which
she possessed abroad was necessary to the preserva-
tion of her peace at home. Her empire was not
like ours, possessing, as she did, sixty-seven colo-
nies, extending from the north to the south pole.
How was this vast empire occupied? By one hun-
dred millions of population. And of these, there
were only two millions of the European race! Out
of Canada and the colonies which Great Britain
has on this continent, there were not half a million
of the European race; and this vast number of peo-
ple are swayed by her, contrary to their will. he
colonial system of Great Britain depends updn her
commercial system; and Bonaparte—that great ge-
nius who knew her strength and her weakness—
when he undertook to break down her dominion,
attacked her commerce. He imposed restrictions
upon it. He closed the ports of the continent to
her manufactures. But he did not succeed, because
his measures produced such a sudden and violent
change in the business transactions of Europe that
the merchants were compelled to confederate against
him. They overthrew him, and caused the trimuph
of the British system at the battle of Waterloo.
What has been the effect of a long peace upon that
system? The interest upon the debt incurred to sus-
tain it amounts to near #150,000,000 per annum.
" Last year it was ten millions greater than her export
1 trade. It put up the price of labor, and now the
continent of Europe competes with her in the South
American and other markets. With all her white
slavery at home, she commenced the work of negro
emancipation abroad. Affecting to be the head of the
Protestant church, she carried the truncheon of war
over the most unfortunate part of the human race. She
went to the Oriental world, attacked its defenceless
people, and carved her way to their possessions.
Yet, she told us we must not take Texas. She was
forced to the robbery which she thus committed by
being forced out of the markets of Europe arid
America. She knows that our tonnage will soon be
paramount to hers. Should our tonnage increase in
future as it has done in the past thirty years, he
(Mr. A.) calculated that it would equal that of
Great Britain in twenty-three years.
•'From the time of Cromwell, who was the greatest
genius that ever ruled England, that country had
well understood what was her true interest.,yCSlie
now knew full well that, with all the raw material
for manufactures in our own hands, she could not
command the commerce of this side of the world.
■VThe export trade of Great Britain w<is about
•£50,000,000; in 1843 it was <£40,000,000. Now,
what proportion of this amount was cotton manu-
factures' VHe answered, more than one-half; the
raw material of which was furnished by us.V (His
friend there [Mr. Simmons]—a cotton manufactur-
er—was far more deeply interested in this question
than he was; and yet that gentleman had, among
others from New England, opposed the admission of
a territory which would give us the monopoly of
the raw material, and prevent England from being
able to compete with us in an article suited to the
warm climates of the West Indias, South America,
and Mexico.
■ What England wanted was stations about the
world to promote her commerce and navigation.
At the Congress of Vienna, where the smaller king-
doms of Europe were unceremoniously partitioned
among different nations, she did not ask for part of
the kingdom ofSaxony or Italy, but she asked for
a few islands, forts, and rocks. She wanted Gib-
raltar, and she retained it. She wanted Malta, and
she retained it. She wanted other strong points,
and she obtained them. She was perfectly willing
to see Norway, Italy, Saxosy, the ancient German
Empire, &c., partitioned out to Austria and other
powers, but she held on to her strong posts. She
held on to the costly Canadas, and spent millions in
putting down rebellions (there, when even in peace
they were a dead expense. Was this merely to
gratify a desire for territorial possessions? Certain-
ly not; for England was wise and calculating; but
it was for gain. She had Halifax, a great na-
val depot, which affords her the means of an-
noying our commerce in time of war. She had a
long line of frontier, and she maintained the Can-
adas to aid her in hemming us in. One of her
prime ministers acknowledged that the people
were taxpd to the starving point; yet Canada was
held fast.\JLook at the line which was adopted in the
"""Ashburton" treaty. A ridge of mountains was acquired
by her as a barrier against us. It was not Peel, but
Wellington—the military spirit of Wellington—who
dictated that line. Why these preparations on the
part of Great Britain? Because she foresees a com-
mercial rivalry. Because she knows that there
will be a collision between the American and British
systems, in opposition to the wishes of politicians
on both sides of the ocean.
. It was the desire which man had to look to him-
self, and minister to his wants; it was the impulses
which made him seek gain, and promote his own
happiness; it was this which made commerce, and
not nations or governments. At was necessity which
made commerce; and, therefore, when commerce is
a paramount interest, it is not in the power of legis-
lators to turn the course of events. They may pass
what luws tbey please; but the people will cultivate
the soil, will make a surplus, will export that sur-
plus, and will come into competition with British
trade. This was a result which could not be pre-
vented; and notwithstanding the coyness of some
gentlemen on this subject, he (Mr. A.) foresaw that
there would be a clashing of the two systems of com-
merce. We now have two-eighths, and England
three-eighths of the tonnage of the world. What is
the situation of the two countries? Theirs is an em-
pire of fragments: ours a consolidated mass, inhab-
ited by a homogeneous population. Our people
are now sending their productions abroad with a
rspidity and success never known before; and in
many markets Great Britain cannot compete with us."".1
Our commerce might be prostrated in a day, anil"'
the country would not feel it. In the case of the great
fire in New York, $20,000,000 worth of property
was destroyed, and not a ripple was caused in the
stream of commerce. Such a fire, in London, would
have produced starvation in many instances. Sup-
pose such a victory should be obtained over an Eng-
lish fleet at sea as she gained at Trafalgar or the
Nile; the distress produced would be unlimited. In
such a, case, the bank would not pay a dividend, and
the whole commerce of the country would be a
heavy sufferer.
' England understands this, and she will endeavor
to check the commercial ascendency which the ^
United States must have, if not cramped. The
Gulf of Mexico is the point where the contest be-
tween the two countries will turn. ' It will be settled
the Gulf of Mexico. The question will be,
whether England shall be allowed to
Spain of- Cuba—that island which is the most irn
portant 600 miles by 70 in_the world. If we had a
battery upon the Thames, we could not annoy the
commerce of England as she would be able to an-
noy ours from the island of Cuba. Years ago she
endeavored to get; but could not, because France op-
posed her. Now she is trying to bridle our com-
merce; and should she take possession of Cuba, he
(Mr. A.) did not hesitate to say that this country
would declare war against her immediate'y. There
was not a man who tilled "the valley of the Mis-
sissippi, and saw his produce go Jout liable to seizure,
who would not takeuphisriflein.such a contest. We
would put a battery of fleets in the Gulf of Mexico
and the harbors of Texas. '
vMr. A. said he considered that this question of the
annexation of Texas involved the interests of the
whole of the Western and New England States.
He was amazed to see manufacturing;, commercial,
and navigating New England standing up here and
protesting against a measure which would afford the
power of protecting their commerce. On a question
exclusively commercial, as he regarded it, New Eng-
land said No! and told the Texians we care not for
the employment which your commeice will give to
our capital and navigation. We would rather let
Great Britain control your commerce than extend
the nigger line two hundred miles!}, England has in
fact at this time all the ports of any value for com-
merce in the West Indies, but Cuba. She only wants
that to become an Algiers, able to levy tribute upon
us. Should she get it, even if it takes twenty years'
war to dispossess her, we must declare war. The
people would demand it. What if war should deso-
late our fields and sweep our conimerfce from the
ocean: we might have all of our ships blown up,
and n<\ one would starve. But with England, a great
commercial disaster would produce starvation, insur-
rection, and probably revolution.
A Mr. A. instanced the interior, agricultural country
of Austria, which in the late European war mus-
tered legion after legion, and repaired disaster
after disaster. A commercial empire, like Great
Britain, he maintained, could not have done
the same. It was an empire of credit, and
depended on the footing-up of figures at the
counting-house. /Since the failure of Napoleon to
break down the commerce of England our tonnage
had doubled; and now our vessels went side by side
with hers to every part of the world. But it re-
quired ten guns to protect her commerce where one
was required for ours; and this was because her ex-
tensive colonial system had to be sustained^) Car-
thage crumbled before a power which, before the
second punic war, never had a navy. When Rome
commenced a navy, and destroyed her commerce,
she could not longer pay her forty thousand niei-
cenary troops. Her credit was destroyed, and she
was overcome. Yet this was Carthage which dis-
puted the empire of the world with Rome, as Eng-
gland did with Napoleon.
v Mr. A. replied to the argument of the senator
from Massachusetts [Mr. Choate) that the Ameri-
can government would not bear extension. He
(Mr. A.) admitted that, if the federal were the only
government in the country, it would not bear exten-
sion. But where was the government of the coun-
try? Was it hereJ Was Congress the government?
It was not one-tenth part of the government of the
country. The great objects of liberty—the regula-
tion of property, marriages, deeds, personal pro-
tection, &c.—were all alien to thisgenera! government,
and were matters belonging to the States. Take the
State of Ohio. How aid that State feel the influ-
ence of the federal government? In the operation of
