CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
340
the tariff, in the Post Office Department, and in a
few harbsrs on Lake Erie. This was all. With-
out the federal government, the farmers of Ohio
would get along as happily and as well as they now
did. Blow up the government of Ohio, and what
would the federal government do? It would destroy
the whole system. Blow up the federal govern-
ment, and the people could construct another in
three weeks that might be just as good. The ob-
ject of the federal government was to unite Massa-
chusetts and Louisiana and Texas in one common
country against influences from without. The ob-
ject of its framers was to make a common struggle
against the despots of Europe. They desired to
form a great American'system hostile to the system
of European princes, and they intended that new
States which were contiguous or convenient should
be taken into the confederacy. Even on the ground
of self-preservation there was a right in us to take
Texas, as there would be to prevent England from
taking Cuba.
Mr. A. 3aid that if a line were drawn from
Utica, in New York, to Savannah, in Georgia, and
the progress of our people westward calculated, it
would be found that they had advanced at the rate
of 18J miles per annum; and this not upon turn-
pikes,2but against tomahawks; against the pestilen-
tial diseases incident to rich countries; against the
dissuasion of government, (for in 3ome instances
our government had discouraged emigration;) and
through tribes of Indians, even before the ground
had been purchased of them. All that it was in
the power of the federal government to do was to
send a government West alter the people hud gone
there; or else the people would soon set up a gov-
ernment themselves. It would be vain to attempt
to'arrest the progress of man, when his instincts im-
pelled him to cross the Mississippi. These instincts
would be found too strong for any law. Where
would the senator from Massachusetts [Mr. Choate]
draw his line to arrest the progress of our people?
At the Sabine, he said; but they were already beyond
it. If Congress does not permit them to go out and
be brothers, they will go and become rivals. The very
fact of their being homogeneous with us will make
them more jealous, and incline them to be enemies.
Stop our people at the Sabine! It was, he thought,
preposterous: they were already beyond it. Do so,
and the principle of a division of this confederacy
is established. The people will soon begin to
cipher where the line shall run. They will look to
ridges, and mountains, snd rivers for lines between
North and South, East and West. Let nottlio men
of the East start this idea of division. The people
will say, if it -is better that Texas shall be outside
of the confederacy, why is it not belter that Ken-
tucky and South Carolina should also be outside?
Ajjd thus they will break it up.
'Mr. A. regarded it as an error on the part of gen-
tlemen to discuss this and other questions as if they
related altogether to the present time, or were mere
matters of fluctuating or party interest. This was
a question about an empire, and, he thought, should
be treated and decided as such. 1
.. According to Professor Tucker, and other able
men, the population of the United States would, in
one hundred years hence, be ^00,000,000. What
was to become of this great population? The ene-
mies of Texas said they must not go beyond the
Sabine. Did they mean for them to have a new
government? Would they rather have fifty millions
of men, hostile, than have them as brothers?Certain
it was that we must have Texas either as a friend or
as ail enemy; and it was for us now to say which.^
She might control the commerce of the Gulf of
Mexico.' In twenty years, she would overrun and
conquer Mexico; for gentlemen should bear in mind
that Texas would grow as the United States had
grown. She would then become our rival—and by
consequcnce our enemy, for the very reason of the
sameness of blood.-' . .
Mr. A. drew a picture of the peaceful adminis-
tration of justice in the United States without the
intervention of armed soldiers, and contrasted our
situation in that respect with the monarchies of the
Old World. In Europe, every ninetieth man was
armed by the government against the people them-
selves. Even now, after thirty years of profound
peace, the number of armed men kept up in Europe
was three millions. The government of Europe
and the administration of justice rested on the
power of three millions of bayonets; whilst ours
was seated upon the hearts of twenty millions of
Pe\$c' had not hung a man for treason in fifty
years, and no one was ready to raise an arm
against the constituted government. Still, it had
been said, there was a tendency to turbulence in
the country. He (Mr. A.) was afraid that his
friends from the East had another reason for op-
posing annexation. The senator from Massachu-
setts [Mr. Chqate] thought that the valley of the
Mississippi should not be strengthened in the con-
federacy. SThe senator feared the votes of Texas
would count against New England. In the argu-
ment made by the senator, he though he had taken
a political view of a commercial question. He
(Mr. A.) had however great objections to one of the
Senators arguments, which was his endeavoring to
prevent the people from going westward. He
thought the representatives from Massachusetts
should not endeavor to force the people of the
State to stay at home. He had supposed that gov-
ernment was made for men, and that laws should
be so shaped as to promote their happiness. If
the comforts of the people of Massachusetts could be
increased by emigration, they should be allowed to
go, though Massachusetts should lose their votes.
Mr. A. referred to the remarks of Mr. Clay,
who said that, upon a question of this kind, on
the acquisition of a thing so permanent as Texas, no
question about slavery should be allowed to inter-
vene. "He fully concurred with Mr. Clay in this re-
mark". For his own part, he always felt for the
sufferings of o'hers, wherever found. He would
vote to relieve the distress of every country on the
globe, if it were practicable. He would have no
mortal sigh to emanate from the agonized bosom of
man—no teais—no diseases. He would have the
sun to shine, and thef shower come down in such
pioportions as to extinguish sickness from the
world. He would have every land teem with
bountiful products. But neither he nor govern-
ment could do this. We must legislate for our-
selves as we find ourselves situated. We found
one portion of the population of the country pos-
sessed by another portion. This was the fact as
we found it. How came it to be? Was it the
fault of the people of the South, or of Great Britain
which professes to be the champion of universal
liberty? Should we change this fact? Admit it to
be an evil; so is disease; but where was the power
to remove it' The senator from Massachusetts
[Mr. ChoatbJ said the evil ought not to be spread.
Now, he (Mr. A.) asked ifit was material whether
the master of the slave paid taxes in Washington,
Texas, or in Washington in the United States? The
fact of slavery was there. Philanthropy did, or
should, know no geographical limits. What, then,
would it gain by running u line at the Sabine?
. K. Mr. A. next replied to the argument of the sena-
tor from New Jersey, [Mr. Dayton,] who had
maintained tliut the three-fifths principle of represen-
tation in .Congress was unjust and burdensome to the
North.-- He referred to the fact that the slave States
were powerlefs in the House of Representatives,
where they could do nothing against a heavy op-
posing majority. The very fact that slavery exist-
ed in Texas prevented many a settler from going
there, and made him go to the Northwest in prefer-
ence. Thus their votes counted on the free side in-
stead of on the side of the South. The fact of
slavery seared the Yankees away from Texas. He
(Mr. A.) liked the Yankees very well—although not
pleased with the way in which they generally voted—
for they cut down the forests, built towns, and im-
proved the country. Many of them now came to
the Northwest; whereas, if there were no slavery
m Texas, they would go there. Thus he thought
the argument of the senator amounted to nothing;
for what was lost by the three-fifths principle in
Texas, would be made up by the current of emigra-
tion settipg towards the free States of the Northwest.
The State of Ohio now had double the power of
Kentucky in the House of Representatives. Yet they
were about the same in extent. Kentucky had every
advantage of talented and able men to promote her
prosperity; but still she was outstripped by Ohio;
and the reason was because of the existence of
slavery in one and not in the other.
,'In voting on this question (Mr. A. said) he
should vote for that proposition which would give,
to the question the greatest strength in the Senate,
without regard to any slavery line. There need
not be any line traced where slavery should go.
That line would be according to the sun. The ex-
istence of slavery was a counting-house question,
and would be decided according to the profits made.
Why did it not exist at the North? Because it
had ceased to be profitable. It was still profitable
in the South; but would cease to be so when the
price of labor was diminished by competition and
machinery. Then, there would be emancipation.
He (Mr. A.) should live to see Kentucky, Missouri,
and Virginia, free States. He should see the up-
rising of another great question, and he would be
ready to meet it, as he was ready to meet all ques-
tions that might arise in this country. That question
was, who should receive the emancipated slaves
Should the Northwest receive them? Should
' they cross the Ohio to work side by side with the
free laborers of the Northwest? He did not wish
to take them. He wanted Texas as an outlet; for
the free States would say to" tlieBoutn, r x ou have
worn out these negroes, and now you shall noJ
put them upom us.'VWhen it came to be a question
of meat and bread, then he predicted that abolition,
with its abstractions, would cease. He knew .
what he said, and he did not fear the abolition
question. ■ The people understood that question.
The people, of the free States knew that if they
succeeded in obtaining emancipation at present, they
must fake the negroes. Fifty thousand would prob-
ably go to Providence and say, "Here we are, put
us at your tables, give us your ballot boxes, let us
sit in your legislature and tin your judiciary, and
make us equal to you in all respects." What would
the men of the spinning jennies say to all this? They
would say "You have been kept in the South until
you are worn out and cannot support yourselves; and
you must go back where you came from." Sup-
pose, however, the people of the free States should
take these negroes on terms of equality, except in
their domestic relations, there would then be a war
of races, and, of consequence, a war of extermina-
tion. He (Mr. A.) wished it to be understood that,
he wanted the negroes kept out of the State of Ohio.
One per cent, of the population of his State was now
composed of free blacks, and the fruits of that
small proportion had been seen and lamented. It
was, he thought, impossible to imagine the calami
ty that would befal the country from emancipation
He wished Texas to be the gate—the great gang-
way—for the slaves to pass out of our country. It
was impossible for two races of different colors to
occupy the same soil upon terms of equality.
And why so? He (Mr. A.) kn^w , not,
except that nature had made it so. .-iLooSc
to Europe. There it would be found "that the '
lighter the color, the higher was the power and in-
fluence of men. In all contests, the lighter had tri-
umphed over the darker; and the two races disagreed
as much in action as in color. He (lid not know
why it was, but such was the fact—a fact which
could not be changed. So long as it remained un-
changed, the consequences must be unchanged.
The world was about 6,000 years old; and he asked
if there ever had been an island or spot of earth
where two races of different colors had existed to-
gether on terms of equality? Did they do so now
anywhere? He would take the community of Bos-
ton, by way of illustration, because the black race
probably received more sympathy there than any-
where else. Take the abolitionists themselves.
There were, of course, some bad men among them,
as in all communities; but in the main they were
serious and conscientious m their views and objects.
Now, did these abolitionists treat the blacks on the
same terms as if thoy were white? Did they sit at
table with them? associate or intermarry with them?
Certainly not; and their color was the only reason.
M.\ A. continued his argument further; but the
lateness of the hour prevents us from continuing
this sketch of his speech. The remaining portion
was principally devoted to a reply to the constitu-
tional objections to the admission of Texas, urged
by various senators, and an explanation of his own
vote against the treaty at the last session of Con-
gress. He concluded by expressing the hope that,
if this great measure was destined to fail by any one
man's vote, that man might not be a democrat.
Mr. BERRIEN next obtained the floor.
™ Mr. MOREHEAD moved a recess till 5 o'clock.
On this qnestion the vote was ayes 19, noes 19;
so it was decided in the negative.
Mr. JARNAGIN moved to go into executive
session.
Mr. SEVIER said it was only a quarter past 2
o'clock.
The vote on this motion was, ayes 18, noes not
counted; so it was decided in the negative.
Mr. BERRIEN then proceeded. He had been
perfectly ready to accommodate himself to the de-
cision of the Senate (that he should now go on.)
If lie should be so fortunate as to obtain the ear of
