CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
345 ^
the field in faror of Texas; proving that, in 1835
and 1826, he himself entertained the very opin-
ions he now entertained, of the power of Con-
gress to admit new. States. He also quoted the
opinion of Mr. Nicholas, expressed to Mr. Jeffer-
son in 1803. He next referred to Mr. Madison's
opinion on this point. He quoted what Mr. Madi-
son saidj which was, that he could not doubt the
power of admitting or adding to the original thir-
teen States new States arising not only out of their
own bosoms, but out of territory in their neighbor-
hood. "Where would this take us? It would take
in Louisiana, bordering on Virginia territory, and
Georgia, and Florida bordering on Georgia. Hence
he proved that this mode of admitting Texas was
not an after thought as stated by the senator from
Massachusetts [Mr. Choate.]
In relation to the argument that all the legislative
powers granted to Congress in the constitution, are
infra-territorial, he quoted various acts of Congress
making compacts with foreign governments about
postages, exchange of books, borrowing money, the
regulation of commerce, &e.; and showing, on Chief
Justice Marshall's opinion, that the authority of a
power is not impaired, enlarged, or diminished by
the extent to which it is used; and lie maintained,
from these examples, that Congress has ample and
often-exercised powers of making compacts with
foreign governments. He showed that the same
things had been done by treaty; proving that the
same power was exercised in two ways—primarily
by Congress, and subserviently by the treaty-mak-
ing power.
/Here was indubitable proof that the power of
Congress extends beyond the United States; and ho
further maintained that Congress had power to pass
all laws necessary to carry out the granted powers
ef Congress. The treaty-making power is only an
implied power; the power of Congress to admit new
States is an express power; if necessary for Con-
gress to pass a law carrying out the express power,
it is authorized by the constitution to do so; hence
the power to pass this joint resolution was fully and
unequivocally established.
He denied that one inch of territory would be
acquired under this joint resolution by the United
States. He denied that it was all of the nature of a
treaty; it had not the slightest reserablancc to a
treaty. Great Britain never failed to make treaties
with foreign powers which it was licr interest to
make. If Texas is rejected, and rejected with
scorn, a treaty will be 'made between' Texas and
England; and the production of sugar and cotton in
Texas will be encouraged by u premium of 13 per
cent, exemption from duties in the British market,
and the advantages her planters would have ofgetting
manufactured goods free of duty—giving i!5 per cent,
premium to them over the planters of the United
States. In five years Europe will be supplied with
cotton from Texas; we will lose our cotton trade
altogether. It seemed almost providential that Texas
was now offered to us; it was the only spot on the
globe that could cultivate cotton in competition with
us. If Texas is permanently rejected, in 18G0 the
southern States will have less leprcsentatioii in Con-
gress than they have wow.
Mr. MILLER next obtained the floor, and on his
motion,
The Senate adjourned.
HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES.
Tuesday, February 25, 1845.
The journal of yesterday was read and approved.
EXECUTIVE COMMUNICATIONS.
The SPEAKER laid before the House the follow-
ing executive communications:
A letter from the Secretary of War, in answer to
the resolution of the House of the 29th ult., stating
that no report, journal, and map of Captain J. Al-
ien, of the 1st regiment of dragoons, of his expedi-
tion during the past summer to the heads ot the
rivers Des Moines, Blue Earth, &c., in the northwest,
has been received. It was laid upon the table.
A letter from the Secretary of the Navy, trans-
mitting, in answer to the resolution of the House, a
report as to what substitute can be made for the
present mode of corporeal punishment in the navy
without endangering the discipline of the service. It
was referred to the Committee on Naval Affairs.
BILLS PROM THE SENATE.
The House proceeded to the consideration of the
bill from the Senate entitled an Act to regulate the
appointments and promotions of officers in the Uni-
ted States revenue service; and it was recommitted
to the Committee on Commerce.
The Holtsc proceeded to the consideration of the
amendments of the Senate to the bill entitled An act
making appropriations for the Military Academy;
and it was referred to the Committee of Ways and.
Means, and subsequently to the Committee of the
Whole on the state of the Union.
The joint resolution directing the Secretary of the
Treasury, whenever any State shall have been or
may be in default for the payment of interest or
principal on investments in its stocks or bohds held
by the United States in trust, to retain certain mon-
eys to which such State is entitled for the purposes
therein named, was read the third time, and passed.
REPORTS OF COMMITTEES.
The House agreed to reccive such reports from
standing committees as would not give rise to de-
bate, and the following were presented:
Mr. DROMGOOLE, from theCommittee ofWays
and Means, reported back Senate bill entitled An act
explanatory of an act entitled "An act making ap-
propriation's for the civil and diplomatic expenses of
the government for the year 1839," without amend-
ment. The bill was then read a third time, and
passed.
Mr. McKAY, from the Committee of Ways and
Means, to which had been referred the amendments
of the Senate to the bill entitled An act making ap-
appropriations for the service of the Post Office De-
partment for the fiscal year ending 30th June, 1846,
reported the same with an amendment thereto, which
was concurred in.
Mr. RATI1BUN, from the Committee of Ways
and Means, to which was referred tho case of the
claim of Samuel If. George, made a rcpoit thereon,
accompanied by a bill for his relict'; which was read
a first and second time, and refeired to the Com-
mittee of the Whole House on the state of the
Union.
On the motion of Mr. NORTHS, the Committee
of Ways and Means was discharged from the con-
sideration of the petition of Joseph Sewell & Co.;
and it was laid upon the table.
On motion of Mr. ADAMS, it was
Rt'S'ritwd, Thut the I'tesident of the United States be re-
qwsti <1 <u usp to b<  communicated to this House, if not
incompatible with tho public interest, tho correspondence
ol (JeoiKi' W. Slocum, lute consul of the United States> tft
Rio tie jaueiio, with the Department ol State iclaUng to the
African slave trade
Mr. VANCE, from the Committee of Claims, re
ported hill# of the following titles:
A bill for the relief of the sureties of Elijah J.
Weed, late quartermaster of marines, deceased.
A bill for the relief of Harvey Parke.
They were respectively read twice, and committed
to the Committee of tho Whole House.
Mr. VANCE, the same committee, to which
was referred the hill for tho relief of Jeremiah Moors,
made an unfavorable report thereon, and the bill and
report were laid upon the table.
On motion of Mr. VANCE, the same com-
mittee was discharged from the further considera-
tion of the memorial of Andrew McLean, and it
was referred to the Committee on the Judiciary.
Mr. IiAMSKY, from the,same committee, made
an adverse report upon the ease of Francis Swann;
which was laid upon the table.
Mr. HOLMES, Aom the Committee on Com-
merce, to which was referred the bill from the Sen-
ate, entitled An act to authorize the South Carolina
Railroad company to import certain pipes and ma-
chinery free of duty, reported the same without
amendment; and the bill was read a third time, and
passed.
Mr. LABRANCHE, from the Committee on
Commerce, reported, without amendment, the Sen-
ate resolution authorizing the employment of addi-
tional inspectors of the customs at the port of New
Orleans: referred to the Committee of the Whole on
the state of the Union.
Mr. L. also, from the same committee, reported
a bill in alteration of an act entitled An act to estab-
lish a port of delivery at the city of Lafayette, in
the State of Louisiana; which was read a first, sec-
ond, and third times, and passed.
LIEUTENANT FREMONT'S REPORT.
Mr. BOWL1N, on leave, offered the following
resolution; which was agreed to:
Resolved, That the Clerk of this House be, and he is here-
by, directed to receive, in the recess of Congress, tfie re-
port of Lieutenant (now Brevet Captain) Fremont's expedi-
tion of 1843 and 1844, to Oregon and North California, as the
same shall be published from the War Department; and that
ten thousand extra copies thereof be printed, together with
the lithographed maps and drawings accompanying the '
same, for the use of the members of the present Congress;
and also the report of the same officer of Ins expedition^- ,
the Rocky mountains, In the year 184-2, be reprinted with
the report of the last expedition, without the appendix of
astronomical, barometrical, and meteorological observa-
tions. .
Mr. P. KING, from ^ the Committee on Com-
merce, reported Senate bills .providing for the ap-
pointment, and regulating the pay, of engineers and
assistant engineers in the revenue service; and for
the relief of Thomas Smith; the first of which was
referred to the Committee of the Whole on the state
of the Union, and the second to the Committee of
the Whole House, and both ordered to be printed.
Also the following resolution; which was adopt-
ed:
Resolved, That 10,000 copies of the report of the Secretary
oi the Treasury ortcommerce and navigation, for the year
ending 30th June, 18-li, be printed.
On motion of Mr. WILLIAMS, from the same
committee,
Ordeted, That the same committee be discharged from the
consideration of the resolution of the 23th of January la§t,
relative to the publication of a monthly statement of im-
ports and exports, and that it belaid on the table
Mr. J. W. DAVIS, from the Committee on Pub-
lic Lands, reported, without amendment, Senate bill
vesting in the county commissioners of the county of v
Wyandot the right to certain town lots and out Jots
in the town of Upper Sandusky, in the State of
Ohio.
The bill was read a third time, and passed.
Mr. DAVIS, from the selcct committee appointed
on the 17th of January last, in relation to the best
mode of disposing of the maps, plates, and other
materials belonging to the United States, connected
with the late exploring expedition, repot ted a joint
resolution "in relation to the charts of the exploring
expedition;1' which was read a first and secona
time, and referred to the Committee of the Whole
on the state of the Union.
Mr. McCLERNAND, from the same committee,
icported back Senate bill granting to the State'of
Illinois certain alternate sections of land, to aid in
the construction of certain railroads: referred to
the Committee of the Whole on the state of the
Union.
Mr. GRINNELL, from the Committee on the
Post Office and Post Roads, reported, with amend-
ments, the bill to provide for the transportation of
the mail between the United States and foreign coun-
tries: referred to the Committee of the Whole on
the state of the Union, and ordered to be printed.
Mr. D. S. IlEID, from the some committee, made
an adverse report m the case of John Robinson;
which, on his motion, was laid on the table and or-
dered to be printed.
Mr. STETSON, from the Committee on the Dis-
trict of Columbia, made adverse reports on several
petitions and papers to that committee referred;
which, on his motion, were laid on the table.
Mr. DILLINGHAM, from the Committee on
the Judiciary, reported a bill for the relief of Joseph
Edson's administrators: referred to the Committee of
the Whole House, and ordered to be printed.
Mr. VINTON, from the same committee, report-
ed a bill for the relief of Henry Gardner and others:
referred to the Committee of the Whole House, and
ordered to be printed.
Mr. DOUGLASS, from the same committee, re-
ported Senate bill, without amendment, to extend
the jurisdiction of the district court in certain cases
on the adjacent lakes and navigable waters.
On motion ofMr, D. the bill was three times read
and passed.
Mr. FRENCH, from the same committee, re-
ported a bill to reorganize the circuit and district
courts of the United States in the State of Ohio.
Objections being made to the bill by Mr. STONE,
it lies over.
Mr, SAUNDERS, from the same committee, re-
ported Senate bill, with amendment, to change the
time of holding the federal courts,in the district of
Kentucky, and for other purposes.
The amendment was agreed to, and the bill wa&
passed.
Mr. LUCAS, from the Committee on Revolu-
tionary Claims, to which had been referred the bill
from the Senate for the relief of the heirs and legal
representatives of James Bell, reported the same
without amendment; and it was referred to the Com-
mittee of the Whole House, and ordered to be
printed.
Mr. RCiBERT SMITH, from the Committee on
Revolutionary Claims, reported a bill for the relief
of Benjamin J. Porter; which was read twice, re-
