346
CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
ferred to the Committee of the Whole House, and
ordered to be printed.
Also, from the same committee, reported a bill
for the relief of Christian Orendorf; whicn was twice
read, referred to the Committee of the Whole
House, and ordered to be printed.
On motion of Mr. S., the said committee was dis-
charged from the further consideration of the case
of Jonathan Sbafer.
Mr. DICKEY, from the same committee, reported
a bill for the relief of the heirs and legal representa-
tives of Thomas Sumter, deceased: reud twice, refer-
red to the Committee of the Whole House, and
ordered to be printed.
Mr. D., from the same committee, made an un-
favorable report on the case of R. M. Livingston;
which was laid on the table
Mr. CLINTON, from the Committee on Public \
Expenditures, moved that the report of that com-  
mittee in the case of Lieut. J. T. McLaughlin be
printed: carried.
Mr. PERLEY B. JOHNSON, from the same
committee, made a minority report on the case of
Lieut. J. T. McLaugh in; which was laid on the
table.
Mr. SLIDELL, from the Committee on Private
Land Claims, reported, without amendment, the
bill from the Senate to confirm the sale of lands in
certain cases, and for other purposes, and reported a
resolution from said committee to discharge the
Committee of the Whole from the further consid-
eration of said bill; and the resolution being agreed
to, the bill was read the third time and passed.
The CHAIR, stated that the hour for receiving re-
ceiving reports had passed. °
Mr. THOMPSON moved that the rules be further
suspended, to receive the reports of such committees
as had not reported: agreed to.'
Mr. W. J. BROWN, from the Committee on Pri-
vate Land Claims, made an unfavorable report on
the ease of Robert Graham; which was laid on the
table, and ordered to be printed.
Mr. SLIDELL, from the same committee, re-
ported a bill from the Senate to authorise the relo-
cation of land warrants, in certain cases, which was
put on its passage, and read the third time, and
passed.
Mr. J. E. CAREY moved that the Committee on
Private Land Claims be discharged from the further
consideration of the bill for the relief of Martha
Perch;~which was agreed to.
Mr. YANCEY, from the same committee, re-
ported a bill for the relief of Alfred Long; which
■was twice read, referred to the Committee of the
Whole House, and ordered to be printed.
Mr. FRENCH, from the Committee on the Ju-
diciary, reported the reorganization of the district
and circuit courts of the United States in the State
of Ohio; which was read the first time, and laid
over on notice of debate.
Mr. FOOT, from the Committee on Indian Affairs,
made an adverse report on the petition of Israel
Johnson; which was laid on the table.
Mr. COLES, from the Committee on Military Af-
fairs, reported, without amendment, the bill from the
Senate providing payment for the 4th regiment of
the Vermont militia, who served at the battle of
Plattsburg, and moved to lay the bill on the table;
which motion was agreed to.
Mr. McDOWELL, from the Committee on Pri-
vate Land Claims, reported the bill from the Senate
for the relief ofMary E. Zantzinger, widow of Ma-
jor Zantzinger, deceased; which was laid on the
table.
Mr. J. A. BLACK, from the Committee on Mili-
tary Affairs, reported a joint resolution for the bu-
rial of the martyrs of the British prison ships at the
Wallabout, New York, during the war of the revo-
lution: read twice, and referred.
Mr. FISH, from the same committee, reported a
joint resolution amendatory of the resolution of
April, 1844, respecting the application of appropria-
tions heretofore made: read twice, and referred.
Mr. PARMENTER, from the Committee on
Naval Affairs, reported a bill for the relief of
Thomas Brown; which was read twice, and referred.
Mr. PARMENTER, from the same committee,
reported a joint resolution for the relief of Rodman
Price; which was twice read and referred.
Mr. T. H. SEYMOUR reported a joint resolu-
tion for the sale of lot No. 13, in the village of Sack-
ett's Harbor; which was twice read and referred.
Mr. JOHN STEWART, from the Naval Com-
mittee, made an unfavorable report upon the peti-
tion of mechanics, &c., at the Washington navy
yard; and it was laid .upon the table, and leave was
granted the petitioners to withdraw their petition.
On motion of Mr. JOHN STEWART, the same
committee was discharged from the "consideration of
the cases of Isaac Bigelow and James Davis, and the
petition of the citizens of Jefferson county for a
bulkhead at Sackett's Harbor; and they were laid
upon the table.
Mr. WINTHROP, from the Committee on For-
eign Relations, reported a bill to regulate commer-
cial intercourse with the islands of Miguelon and St.
Pierre; and it was read three times and passed.
Mr. BAYLY, from {he .Committee on Foreign
Aflairs, reported a bill for the relief of John K.
Cooke; and it was read twice, and committed to the
Committee of the Whole House, and ordered to be
/inted.
. Mr. DANIELS, from the Committee on Territo-
ries, reported a bill supplemental to an act for the
admission of Iowa and Florida as States into the
Union; and it was read twice, and committed to the
Committee of the Whole on the slate of the Union.
On motion of Mr. D. L. SEYMOUR, from the
Committee on Revolutionary Pensions, it was or-
dered that the Committee on Revolutionary Pen-
sions be discharged from the consideration of the
resolutions of the 17th December last, relative to
extending certain pension laws to the officers and
soldiers who served in defence of our frontiers in
the Indian wars, and relative to providing similar
compensation for the officers and soldiers who served
in the Indian wars of 1783, &c., as is now author-
ized to be paid to those of the revolution, and that
the said resolutions be laid on the table.
Mr. D. L. SEYMOUR, from the same committee,
reported a bill for the relief of Freclove Ward;
which was read twice, and committed to the Com-
mittee of the Whole House.
Also, a bill for the relief of Joseph Carter; which
was read twice, and committed to the Committee
of the Whole House.
On the motion of Mr. D. L. SEYMOUR,
Reso'red, That Jacob Addison, ol' Ohio, be permitted to
withdiaw Ins pension \\ aiiant oi ceitilicate hom t!u< liics
of the Boiit.e
On motion of Mr. SAMPLE, from the Commit-
tee on Foreign Affairs, Peter Von Schmidt was
permitted to withdraw his papers from the files of
the House.
Mr. THOMASSON, from the Committee of
Claims, reported a bill for the relief of Samuel Per-
ry, assignee, &c.; and it was read twice, and com-
mitted to the Committee of the Whole House.
Mr. THOMAS SMITH, from the Committee on
Claims, reported a bill for the relief of Joseph
Gerard; and it was read twice, and committed to the
Committee of the Whole House.
Mr. CULLOM, from the Committee on Invalid
Pensions, reported a bill for the relief of William
Evans; and it was read twice, 'aud committed to the
Committee of the Whole House.
On the motion ofMr. CULLOM,
Oidered, That the Committee on Invalid Pensions lie dis-
charged from the consideration of the petition ot Elemtiel
Robinet, and that it be laid upon the tabic.
Mr. RUSSELL, from the same committee, made
an adverse report upon the petition of Adams Payne;
and it was laid upon the table.
On the motion of Mr. RUSSELL,
Ordered, That the same committee be discharged fiom the
consideration of the petitionsoi John Nappertandy, of An-
drew McOows 11, of Wm. J3. Adams, of Jonas B. Piatt, of
Charles Walworth, and of Beiyamin Dwinell, James Wil-
son, arid Aaron Wilson, jr
Mr. HENLEY, from the Committee on Patents,
reported back Senate bill to extend the patent here-
tofore granted to Wm. Woodward; and it was read a
third time, and passed.
On motion of Mr. RODNEY,
Oidered, That the Committee on Patents be discharged
from the consideration ofthe petition of Klisha K. Holmes;
and that it be laid on the table.
Mr. PRATT, from the Committee on Public
Buildings and Grounds, made a report concerning
the various national edifices at Washington, and
showing the necessity for increased and fire-proof
accommodations for transacting the public busi-
ness, which report was laid upon the table.
Mr. P. B. JOHNSON, from the Committee on
Mileage, asked and obtained leave to be discharged
from the further consideration of the petition of citi-
zens of Cayuga county, New York, for a reduction
of the per diem pay of members of Congress.
Mr. PRATT, from the Select Committee on
Statistics, made a report; which was laid on the
table.
On motion of Mr. BURKE, the Committee on
the Library was discharged from the considera-
tion of certain memorials; which had been referred
to it.
Mr. SIMONS, from the Committee on Engrav-
ing, made a report, accompanied by a resolution,
directing the Clerk to procure all the plates of
maps which have been ordered by the House.
The resolution was agreed to, and the report was
ordered to be printed.
Mr. S. also reported a resolution for the printing
of 5,000 extra copies of Professor Owen's sur-
vey.
Mr. BURKE offered an amendment to provide
that the Clerk be authorized to contract for the
same; which was negatived. (
Mr. BURKE offered an amendment to direct the
Clerk to contract with Mr. Haas for a map of
Texas; and the rejection of those procured by~the
Committee on Engraving as erroneous, for which
lie offered the testimony of a letter of Commodore
Moore.
[A message in writing was received from the Presi-
dent of the United States, by the hands of Captain
Wagoaman, his private secretary.]
After some conversation by Messrs. BURKE,
SIMONS, HALE, and H. HAMLIN,
Mr. H. HAMLIN demanded the previous ques-
tion.
Mr. RATHBUN moved to lay the whole subject
on the table: rejected.
Mr. HAMLlN withdrew the demand for the pre-
vious question, at the appeal of
Mr. bRINKERHOFF, who Said he was glad that
this proposition had been made, as it gave him an op-
portunity of giving to the country the truth in relation
to the map of Texas now in the course of publica-
tion under the order of this House. According to
this map, the boundaries of Texas are made to ex-
tend up to forty-two degrees of north latitude.
Now, he had always doubted the correctness of the
map in that particular, inasmuch as it was in direct
conflict with every other map of that country which
hud fallen under Ms observation; and, as it was a
matter of no small moment that the people should
be correctly infoimed on the subject, he had taken
some pains to inquire into it. He had addressed a
note to the head of the topographical bureau, under
whose direction this map has been prepared, en-
closing with it a copy of the Texa« map published
by order of the Senate, and of which the House map
is a copy, requesting him to mark upon it the boun-
daries of the States of Texas, New Mexico, and
other Mexican States adjacent, as recognised by the
Mexican confederacy prior to the Texian revolu-
tion. In reply to my note, I received the following
letter:
Bureau ok Topo<;raphicai, Enujnekrs,
Washington, Feb. 13, 184a.
Sin: I have the lionor to acknowledge the receipt of your
letter of the 12th instant, in reply, I have to. state that
this bureau is not in possession of the acts of the Mexican
Congress, defining the boundaries of tho piovinces of that
republic, and therefore that the means necessary to delin-
<iate the boundaries of the several States enumerated by you
are net nt our command.
In Tanner's American Atlas, edition of 1839, there is "a
map of the United States of Mexico, as organized and de-
fined by the several acts of Congress of that lepublic," but
whether these boundaries were recognized by the "Mexican
confederacy prior to the Texian revolution," 1 am uiiable to
state.
The raap of Texas enclosed by you, is returned here-
with.
Very respectfully, sir, vour obedient servant,
J. J. A BERT,
Colonel Corps Topographical Engineers.
Hon. J Brinkf.rhoi f,
House of lleprebciitativet..
It seems, therefore, sir, (said Mr. B.) that the
Topographical Bureau has no information in regard
to theola boundaries of Texas; can tell us nothing
as to what Texas was; and refers us to the atlas of
Mr. Tanner. Now, sir, I have consulted Mr. Tan-
ner's atlas, and find that it corresponds substantially
with all our other generally received maps of those
countries. And, sir, what is the result What is
the northern boundary of Texas there? Is it lat-
itude forty-two degrees north? No, sir. It is the
Red nver, in latitude thirty-four degrees north. Ail
the ancient Mexican territory north of the Red
river north of thirty-four degrees, icj included with-
in the State of New Mexico, of which Santa Fe ia
the capital! And this unquestionably is the true
state of the case. Texas never extended north of
thirty-four degrees; all north of that line is New
Mexico.
This map, then, intended for thfc information of
the people, is grossly indirect; it is, in effect,-a mis-
