CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
347
erable cheat, a monstrous fraud upon the people of
the free States. Here we have passed resolutions
for the annexation of Texas to the Union; and, by
way of compromise, we have provided for the ex-
clusion of slavery from all that part of Texas lying
north of latitude 3G degrees 30 minutes north; when
in truth, and in fact, Texas never extended—her
northern boundary never reached—within two de-
grees of that so-called compromise line! Yes, sir,
this map is a cheat, a fraud upon the people of the
free States. From it they are led to believe that
some portion (though small) of the Texian territory
is secured to them; when, in truth, not one foot of
it reaches the line of the compromise. This com-
promise does not run through Texas, or any part of
it; it runs through New Mexico, and New Mexico
is a part of Mexico as much as is the city of Santa
Cruz itself, Texas never exercised any jurisdiction
over it, either when she was herself a member of
the Mexican confederacy, or since her independ-
ence. Texian laws were never acknowledged there,
and the foot of Texian soldier never trod upon the
soil of New Mexico, except in the character of a
prisoner of war. It was not hers originally, nor is
it hers by right of revolution, possession, or con-
quest. And we ourselves are daily in the habit of
recognising the right of Mexico to this province by
t he protection we afford to the Santa Fe trade, and
by the payment of duties on the goods we export
to that city. If, therefore, New Mexico shall ever
become a part of our territory, we must first acquire
it by purchase, or take it by conquest. I hope,
therefore, Mr. Speaker, that an amended edition of
this map will be ordered. Let the people have the
truth on this subject; and then, if tliey are willing to
acquiesce in a compromise which is no compromise
—in a division of territory which is no division—a
shadow, a mockery and a cheat—our duty will be
discharged, and with them will be the responsi-
bility.
Mr. J. P. KENNEDY said it was true, as the
gentleman from Ohio [Mr. Biunkeiuiokk] had said,
that Texas, as known to the maps, did not extend
beyond 34° north. In 183B, the legislature of Texas
passed an act declaring that her boundaries extended
north, embracing New Mexico, Santa Fe, Coahuila,
&c., up to 42°. The treaty of the last session was
based on this claim by Texas; and it was one great
objection to it that it proposed to embrace a part of
Mexico, which there was no desire, he believed, on
the part of any of our statesmen that our govern-
ment should take possession o< whenever Texas
was admitted into the Union.
In conclusion, at the request of many gentlemen,
Mr. K. moved the previous question.
Mr. BURKE, at the suggestion of Mr. I-I. ham-
i.w, withdrew that part of his amendment pro-
1 ibitnig the payment for the map already fur-
nished.
The amendment to the amendment, as modified,
was agreed to. *
The question recurring on the adoption of the
original resolution, was taken, and the resolution
wan agreed to.
daily recess.
Mr. McKAY moved a resolution providing for a
daily recess of (lift House for the remainder of the
session, from 2< to 4^ o'clock, p. m.
Mr. SLIDELL, Mr. THOMPSON, and other
gentlemen objected.
Mr. McKAY moved a suspension of the rules for
the reception of the resolution.
The question was taken, and the House refused
to suspend the rules.
Mr. HENLEY asked leave to make a report.
Objections being made, it was not received.
reduction of postage.
On motion of Mr. McKAY, the House resolved
itself into a Committee of the Whole on the state of
the Union, Mr. Wbller in the chair.
The bill under consideration when the committee
last rose, was the bill from the Senate to reduce the
rates of postage, to limit the use and correct the
abuse of the franking privilege, and for tlie preven-
tion of frauds on the revenues of the Post Office De-
partment, to the first section of which amendments
had been offered by Mr. Hopkins and Mr. Jame-
son—the amendment of the latter gentleman being
the first pending amendment.
Mr. COBB obtained the floor.
Mr DROMGOOLE wished to offer an amend-
ment for the bill to take effect at some future time
instead of immediately, as proposed by the bill.
The amendment not being in order at this time,
was not received.,
Mr. COBB proposed to address a few remarks to
the general features of the bill. He wished not to
be misunderstood m the course he took on this sub-
ject. He had been one of those gentlemen who
yesterday had voted to defeat the efforts of the friends
of this measure to press it through the House in ten
minutes, as was first proposed, and in two hours,
as provided in the resolution under which they were
now acting. Whenever the rates of postage could
be reduced, consistently with the principles of the
department, and with its efficiency, lie should be as
willing to go for such reduction as any gentleman.
Here was an entirely new system, which was to be
forced on the country; the details, and hardly the
general features of which, had not yet undergone
examination by this House. It had required the
Senate more than three weeks to digest this undigest-
ed system; and now it was to be hurried through
this House in two hours! In the annals of legisla-
tion in this country there could not be found a par-
allel to this. He argued that it would be policy
even for the friends of this measure to afford time
for gentlemen to express their objections to the de-
tails. It was not only necessary that it should be
passed, but that the various feelings and interests of
the country should be in some measure reconciled.
In order to this, at least, let them be heard, and the
bill would be passed under the sanction of debate
and consideration.
There were very many objectionable features to
the bill. The first and most prominent of them was
the reduction of postage to five cents for all distances
throughout the country. And further, all packages
not weighing over half an ounce, consisting no mat-
ter of how many pieces of paper, weie considered
single letters. In this way, by procming thin pa-
per, many sheets might be sent for a single post-
agc.
He went into many other serious objections to this
bill, to one of which he called the attention of t he friends
of American manufactures, viz: that it would have the
effect of bringing into use thin French writing pa-
per, instead of paper of American manufacture. He
appealed to gentlemen, if their object was to pro-
mote the public good, to agree on a compromise,
and mould their measure into such a shape as
would give general satisfaction. He understood
that his friend from Indiana was about to propose
an amendment, which he vastly preferred to this
bill, and he hoped that gentlemen would accept it.
lie would simply refer to that amendment, without
going into any argument in favor of it, trusting that his
friend from Indiana would obtain the Hour and ex-
plain it himself. The proposition was to fix the rates
of postage at five, ten, and fifteen cents to operate
for two years; and after that, if it should be found
that the diminution of the rates of postage was
accompanied by an inci ease of revenue, to make a
further reduction. Indeed he was willing to carry
the reduction to the lowest point at which it should
be ascertained that the Post Office Department
could be supported from its own revenues. He did
not believe, however, that the department could be
supported under the provisions of this bill, and that
the ultimate effect of it would be to throw the de-
ficiency on the national treasury; and it was evident
that this result was contemplated by the framtrs of
the bill, for they had inserted a provision appro-
priating four millions to supply the deficiency
that might occur from that source. Among the other
objections Mr. C. urged to this bill was the
vast patronage and power it gave to the head
of the Post Office Department. It would make the
Post Office Department the most dangerous power
ever known m any government. 'Mr. C. then
entered into an argument against the injustice of
the bill, which would compel citizens who were but
little benefited by the facilities of the Post Office
Department, to pay for the facilities which were so
largely enjoyed by others of their fellow-citizens,
tie considered this bill as an assault on the little
post offices in the country; and in fact he had heard
of no arguments on that floor, or in the public press,
in favor of it that did not contain attacks on the
smaller post offices. In answer to these assaults,
it was only necessary to advert to a fact but little
known, that in all the correspondence of the business
portions of the community, the postages paid at the
large cities were charged by the merchants to the
persons in the interior with whom they had deal-
ings. One of the prominent evils complained of in
the country was the extent to which the franking
privilege was carried; but how did this bill propose
to correct it? Why the franking privilege was taken
away from the deputy postmasters, who used it
carparatively to a small 'extent, and left in the hands
of members of Congress, who used it to an extrava-
gant extent.
However the expense might be paid, he said
"down with the franking privilege!" He was in
favor of taking it away where it was retained, and
restoring it to the small postmasters from whom it
had been taken. He said this bill would operate as
a deception to the country on this subject. It would
deprive the postmasters of the franking privilege,
but it allowed the Postmaster General to increase
their salary. Where did this clamor for low post-
ages come from? Large cities. He knew petitions
were shown here from other places, but they origin-
ated from, and were printed in, the large citiesj
and by sending out a few persons with such peti-
tions any amount of names might be procured. It
was not the wish of the people, and it would be
found injurious to the people of the country, as dis-
tinguished from the people of the great commercial
cities. The people (he said) were much more op-
pressed by a high tariff than by the postage system.
He said this might be technically stated as a case of
the commercial cities versus the country, and he ap-
peared as the advocate of the country.
Mr. YANCEY said there were few questions that
involved more important principles than the bill be-
fore the committee, and yet its friends—and he ad-
mitted they were a large majority—lefused to give
more than two hours for its discussion by those
who held different opinions, and they were de-
prived of the opportunity of laying their views be-
fore the country and their constituents, that their
votes might be properly understood. He was, jiot
indisposed to make changes in the Post Office De-
■partment; he should say reforms were necessary,
and they might go to a great extent, and postage
might be considerably reduced; but what did this
till propose? To abolish the rates of 6|, 12i, 18j,
and 25 cents, and to fix one uniform rate of 5 cents
only. This was a radical change, which must strike
with alarm every mtnd which was disposed to ex-
amine the subject calmly, and to view the advantages
of the Post Office Department as he did. He
was opposed then to his bill, on the ground of the
sudden and radical change which it proposed to
make. This bill proposed that it should go into im-
mediate operation, and suddenly reduced the rates
of postage to 5 cents, from an average of 15 cents,
which the department had hitheito realized, mak-
ing a reduction of 66,! per cent, at once. He object-
ed to it, also, because it conferred great powers on
the Postmaster General as the head of that depart-
ment. By this bill he would have power to in-
crease the compensation of all postmasters in the
United States whose compensation does not reach
a certain amount, and his only limit was 50 per
cent, on letter postage received at such office. There
were thousands of offices whose compensation did
not reach the amount here set forth; and therefore'
the Postmaster General would have power to in-
crease the compensation of all such postmasters.
This was a dangerous power to intrust to any
man's discretion, and he was not disposed to sanc-
tion it. But while they were about to make such
a radical change, as a reduction of postage from
an average of 15 to 5 cents, they were incieasjng
four-fold the privileges of those who send letters.
At present the rates of postage were charged on
single sheets; but hereafter the postage was to be
regulated by weight; and instead ot'each letter in ail
envelope being charged letter postage, thiee letters
could be sent as a single letter—for three united in
one envelope would not exceed the prescribed
weight of half an ounce. Here, then, was another
serious consideration which appeared to have been
oveilooked. But another objection which he had to
this bill was, that it was to be a burden on the treasu-
ry. One of its provisions makes an appropriation
of $750,000 to defray the expenses which the fall-
mg-off of letter postage may throw as a burden on
the treasury; but he called the attention of the com-
mittee to the fact, that the contingent fund might
be made chargeable with four and a half millions of
dollars. And yet such a bill was to be hurried
through this House in two hours.
Now on what was all this based? Did the Post
Office Department do its duty? It was as extensive
as the Union itself. Mails were carried to the ex-
tremest frontier of the Union; and he at the farthest
East could write to his friend at the farthest West
and have his letter delivered. It was a system which
should command the admiration of the whole Union.
