CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
$40
The question again recurred oh Mr. Relef's
amendment; on which the vote was taken by the
same tellers, who reported 27 in the affirmative, and
97 in the negative. So the motion was lost.
Mr. OWEN proposed to amend those words so
aS them the privilege to receive as well as
send free letters during the year; which was agreed
Mr. COBB moved to amend so as to deprive
members of the franking privilege; which was
negatived.
Mr. D. L. SEYMOUR moved to strike out the
words "except newspapers, pamphlets, magazines,
and periodicals," so as to make those articles
mail matter, and to prohibit their transportation by
private expresses.
•The amendment was lost.
Mr. HOPKINS moved to strike out the word
"newspapers;" which was lost.
Mr. DROMGOOLE moved to strike out the
whole 9th section, which prohibits private expresses.
The amendment was negatived.
Mr. WOODWARD offered an amendment to
make all periodical matter free of postage; which
was lost.
Mr. DAVID S. REID moved to substitute $2,000
for $150, as the penalty for establishing privae tex-
presses; which was negatived.
Mr. HARALSON moved that the committee
rise; which was negatived.
Some other amendments were offered; but great
confusion prevailed, and they were not heard.
It was now half-past 5 o'clock.
Mr. HOPKINS moved that the committee rise,
and asked for tellers on this motion; which were
ordered.
The motion was rejected—ayes 33, noes 77.
Mr. HOPKINS moved to strike out #150 and in-
sert $500, as the penalty against private expresses:
rejected.
Mr. G. W. JONES moved that the committee
rise.
Mr. HOPKINS asked for tellers; which were
refused.
The committee refused to rise.
Mr. THOMPSON moved to strike out £150 and
insert $1,000, as the penalty against private ox-
presses.
Mr. G. W. JONES called for tellers; which were
ordered.
The question was taken, and the amendment was
rejected—ayes J5, noes 82; no quorum voting.
[Cries of "report that fact to the. House.''!
Mr, RATHBUN moved, in order that the House
might get in better temper, that the committee now
rise.
Tellers were naked and ordered; and the question
being taken, was decided in the negative—ayes f>(5,
noes 59.
The question recurring on the amendment of Mr.
Thompson, was taken, and the vote stood—ayes
1*2, noes 74; no quorum voting.
The committee at length rose, and reported that
fact to the House.
Mr. DOUGLASS was successful above many
other competitors for the lloor. He now moved a
resolution to discharge the Committee of the
Whole from the further consideration of the bill.
[Cries of " No ! no! you can't do it until the
amendments are disposed of."J
Objections being made,
Mr. DOUGLASS moved to suspend the rules for
this purpose.
Mr. COBB moved that the House adjourn.
The yem and nays were asked and ordeied on this
motion.
[A message was received from the Senate, an-
nouncing the passage by that body of certain bilU,
and asking concurrence therein.]
The question was taken on the motion to adjourn,
and decided in the negative—yeas 52, nays 110.
Mr. THOMPSON moved a call of the House:
rejected.
Mr. DROMGOOLE asked if the effect of the res-
olution would not be to bring the bill into the
House, and supersede all the amendments, as the
committee would be dischaiged without making a
report.
The SPEAKER said he would answer that
question when it came up.
The question was then put on the motion to sus-
pend the rules; and it was decided in the affirmative
—yea3 114, nays 48.
Mr. DOUGLASS then offered his resolution to
discharge the Committee of the Whole from the
further consideration of the bill; and that it, to-
gether with the amendments of "the t Committee
of the Whole; be brought to the immediate notice of
the House.
Mr. G. W. JONES moved a call of the House;
which motion was rejected. '
Mr. A. A- CHAPMAN moved that the House
adjourn: rejected.
Mr. G. W. JONES moved to lay the resolution
on the table; and on that he called for the yeas and
nays.
An adjournment was moved, and negatived.
Mr. E)ROMGOOLE called for the reading of the
resolution under which they had been acting in
Committee of the Whole, and the resolution now
offered.
The Clerk read them accordingly.
The question then recurred on the motion of Mr.
G. W. Jon^s, on which the yeas and nays were
ordered, and taken; and resulted—yeas 31, nays 119.
The question then recurred on, seconding the de-
mand for the previous question; and there was a
second. The main question was ordered to be now
put, and the resolution was agreed to.
Mr, RATHBUN inquired if the bill was then be-
fore the House.
The SPEAKER then said the bill was before the
House for its action. He next announced that the
question was on agreeing to the amendments.
Mr. DROMGOOLE said the House could have
no knowledge of the action of the committee unless
it was reported by its chairman; but the House had
dispensed with the report of the chairman, and con-
sequently no amendments were reported.
The SPEAKER submitted that he could not
shut his eyes to the facts, and to what the record
shows.
Some other conversation ensued.
Mr. HALE moved tl io previous question.
Mr. COBB moved a call of the House, and de-
manded the veus and nays thereon; but submitted
that he would withdraw that motion if the friends
of the bill would consent to an adjournment. [Loud
cries of order.]
The SPEAKER then took the vote on ordering
(lie yeas and nays, and announced that there were a
sufficient number to order them.
An adjournment was moved.
The yeas nnd nays were called for oil that mo-
tion, but they were not ordered.
The. adjournment was then negatived.
Tellers were, called for, and Messrs. Simons
and Cahi'KNTKR were appointed, who, on taking
the vote, reported—ayes 45, noes 100.
The question recurring on the motion for a call of
the House, the yeas and nays were called for by
several, but thev were not ordered.
Mr. C. JOHNSON appealed to his friends to let
the previous question be ordered, unci agree to take
the question to-morrow. He asked the Chair if that
would not be the first question to-morrow.
The SPEAKER said that, underjtheresolution of
the gentleman from Illinois, [Mr. Douoi.ass,] it
would.
The question was then put on the motion for a call
of the House, and rejected.
The question on tfie second to the previous quis-
tion being carried without a division,
Mr Gr. W. JONES called for the yeas and nays
on ordering the mam question, hut they were not
ordered.
The main question was then ordered.
Mr. CLINUM AN moved that the llouse adjourn.
Mr. DROMGOOLE rose to a question of order,
and said that when the, House ordered the main
question to he taken, it must be taken immediately;
and no motion to adjourn was in order.
The SPEAKER decided the motion to adjourn
to be in order; and the question being put, it was
decided in the affirmative
So the House adjourned.
IN SENATE.
"Wednesday, February 20, 1845.
On motion, the reading of the journal was dis-
pensed with.
Mr. ASHLEY submitted the following; which
was agreed to:
Whereas the general assembly of the State of Arkansas
has provide! by law for the opening of a road from Little
Hock to Fort Smith, upon the south side of the Arkansas
river, therefore
Rcsolmt, That the ( ommittee on the Post Office and Post
Roads hi- instructed to inquire into the expediency- of estab-
lishing ,i post road from Little Rock to Fort Smith, on the
south side of the Arkansas river, in the State of Ar-
kansas.
Mr. FAIRFIELD presented a petition from M.
S. Littlefield, and other citizens of Maine, praying
for the establishment of a mail route from Fryeburg,
to Bridgeton, in .Maine; which was referied to the
Committee on the Post Office and Post Roads.
Also, presented a petition from James D. Parker
and others, of Maine, praying for an appropriation
for the erection of a light-house, on one of the
Goldsborough islands aiid on Morton's Ledge;
which was referred to the Committee on Com-
merce. ' -
MT. STURGEON presented a petition from a
number of inhabitants of Alleghany county, Penn-
sylvania, praying that the naturalization laws may
be so altered as to require of foreigners a residence
of twenty-one years to entitle them to citizenship:
referred to the Committee on Foreign Relations.
Mr. DIX presented three several petitions from
citizens of the United States, praying for the an-
nexation of Canada to the United States; which
were ordered to lie on the table.
Mr. DICKINSON presented a petition from in-
habitants of the Seneca county, New York, pray-
ing for the immediate reannexation of Texas to the
United States, and the whole of the Oregon Ter-
ritory; which was ordered to lie on the table.
PAY OF. THE ARMY.
Mr. BARROW, from the Committee on Military
Affairs, reported back, without amendment, and
with a recommendation that it ■ be indefinitely post-
poned, the bill from the House regulating, by re-
ducing, the pay of the aimyof the United States,
and for other purposes.
On motion by Mr. TAPPAN, the Committee on
the Joint Library was discharged from the further
consideration of the memorial of David Haas, pro-
posing to engrave a new map of Texas.
Also, on hij motion, the same committee was dis-
charged from the further consideration of the me-
morial of Alexander Vattemare, praying for the
establishment of a permanent system of interna-
tional exchanges of works published by order of
Congress; and its further consideration was post-
poned till the 1st of December next. The reason
for this disposition of the memorial was, that there
was.not time for any action upon it at this session of
Congress.
Mr. ARCHER presented two memorials, nume-
rously signed by citizens of St. Louis, praying for
a change in the naturalization laws; which were re-
ferred to the Committee on the Judiciary.
On motion by Mr. FOSTER, it was
Rtsoloed, That there be paid out ofthe contingent fund of
the Senate, and under the direction of the committee to
audit and control the same, to each of the messengers, assist-
ant messengers, pages, and laborers, in the service of the
Senate, the same amounts respectively that were paid
them under a resolution of the Senate at the last ses-
sion.
The engrossed bill for the relief of John P. Skin-
ner, and the legal representatives of Isaac Green,
was read the third time, and passed.
Several bills from the House were read twice,
and appropriately referred.
The bill from the House in alteration of the act
entitled "An act to establish a port of entry at the
city of Lafayette,"in the State of Louisiana," was
read twice with a view to reference; when,
Mr. BARROW remarked that there was no ne-
cessity for the reference of the bill to the Committee
Oil Commerce. It was precisely similar to the bill
of the Senate which had been ordered to a second
reading without opposition. Therefore, on his mo-
tion, the previous orders of the day were postponed,
and the above bill was taken up, and considered as
in committee of the whole, reported to the Senate:
and, according to order, read the third time, and
passed.
On motion by Mr. BREESE, the Chair was em-
powered to appoint an additional member on the
Committee on Enrolled Bills.
"1 he Honse took up for consideration the bill to
change the time of holding the federal courts of
Kentucky, which had been returned from the House
with amendments; and, on the motion by Mr.
MOREHEAD, the amendments of the House were
concurred in.
Several adverse reports of the standing commit-
tees, on private claims, among which was the case of
William Buchanan were taken up, and concurred
Mr. COLQUITT made a motion that the Senate
proceed to the consideration of the general bill for
the remission of duty on railroad iron
Messrs. PORTER, JARNAGIN, JOHNSON,
