354
CONGRESSIONAL GLOB®.
I consider the title offered, in my opinion, the moat
correct and truthful title that can De made. The
only object I have in view is to illustrate this propo-
sition.
No member on this floor, in the discussion of
this bill, has pretended to assert that the revenues
that will arise under the rates established by this
law will be sufficient to keep in operation the pres-
ent post routes as they now exist. This is a fact
beyond all dispute. No one has the temerity to de-
ny it. Then it follows, as a consequence, that,
either the present mail service must be discontinued,
or the money necessary to keep it in operation
must be drawn from the treasuiy; and by the calcula-
tion of the chairman of the Post Office and Post
Roads, we are informed that the receipts under this
bill will not exceed $2,000,000; and that a require-
ment, to keep up the present mail facilities, will be
at least $3,000,000 in addition. Now, sir, this sim-
ple statement verifies the amendment of the title
now offered.
Mr. Speaker, the great mass of the people of the
United States are agriculturists; and in this mat-
ter their interest is adverse to the commercial men
of the cities. And while the members on this floor
from the cities are few, and the members from the
interior are numerous, yet the cities, weak as they
are, are now prevailing over the country. And the
effect will be that, if you discontinue the mail
routes and mail service now existing in the coun-
try, the great mass of the people of the United States
will sensibly feel the Post Office Department as a
public nuisance; and such will be the discon-
tent in this country that I am greatly mistaken if
members will not yet feel the wrath of an indignant
people. The canting phrase that your letters are
cheap, will not save members from their severest cen-
sure. The people know this government, and feel
its advantages, only through the post office. Here-
tofore they have been content with such facilities as
they were afforded by the accruing revenues of that
department; they are not willing to give up these
advantages, so long and so happily enjoyed by the
mass of the people.
But, Mr. Speaker, I am to be told that it is not
the intention of this bill to curtail the mail service
now enjoyed. Then you must draw from the treas-
ury the necessary means to sustain the department.
This fact will make this bill a public nuisance,
and guaranty the continuance of the tariff law of
1842. Thus you will make the man who does not
use the post office pay for the correspondence of
those who choose to avail themselves of its conve-
nience. You make those who do not correspond,
defray the expense of the correspondence of those for
whose benefit the post office was established. For
sixty years it has been generally agreed that those
who are the post office should meet and pay the ex-
penses necessary to keep it up; and this violation
of the general wish will form another reason for the
propriety of the amendment to the title.
But there is another part of this bill which will
render it odious to the country, and, in my estima-
tion, is an outrage to the common sense of the country.
I will allude to the franking privilege of the members
of Congress. It is required of each postmaster to
keep an account of all the free matter which comes
- to each office. The postage is to be paid out of the
treasury of the United States. The result of this ar-
rangement will be, that while but few will be the re-
cipients of our favors, the many will have to pay
the charges incurred in dispensing these bounties of
the members of Congress. Thus this bill will be-
come a public nuisance.
In addition to this, while the poor postmasters,
and the contractors and others connected with the
Post Office Department, have heavy penalties at-
tached to the violation of their privileges, small as
they are under this bill, yet lordly members of
Congress can use or abuse their privileges and no
penalty is affixed. This supposes a purity on the
part of members of Congress, and a suspicion of
the other persons connected with the post office,
which will strike our constituents with amazement,
and will entitle this bill to the appellation I have
given it.  
Mr. GARRETT DAVIS raised the point of
order against the discussion of the merits of the bill
on the question of its title.
The SPEAKER overruled the point of order, and
referred as a precedent confirmatory of the decision
to a debate which had arisen of similar character on
the sub-treasury Will. It was difficult to prescribe
the exact lines within which the debate might prop-
erly be carried on, but the Chair did not consider
the gentleman's remarks thus far inapplicable to the
amendment.
Mr. DAVIS appealed from the decision of the
Chair, and demanded thereon the previous ques-
tion.
The demand for the previous question was sec-
onded, the main question was ordered, and being
"shall the decision of the Chair stand as the judg-
ment of this House?" was taken, and decided in the
affirmative—ayes 74, noes 40.
So the decision of the Chair was confirmed.
Mr. THOMPSON was again proceeding with
his remarks, when
Mr. STETSON raised another point of order,
that the previous question having been ordered on
the passage of the bill, itattached to the title thereof as
an incident to the bill; and in support of this, he re-
ferred to a decision of the Chair ruling out of order
debate on the title of the bill to repeal the sub-treas-
ury act.
After a brief discussion on the point of order, in
which Messrs. STETSON, WELLER, COBB,
and THOMPSON, took part,
Mr. THOMPSON resumed. I will relieve gen-
tlemen if they will withdraw their points of order.
I will content myself with merely entering my pro-
test against this bill, though I was exceedingly de-
sirous of expressing my views in extenso in opposi-
tion to this iniquitous measure. In five minutes I
will conclude my remarks. I will not embarrass
the Speaker.
The franking privilege, as secured by this bill, is
an odious privilege. Under it a member may frank
the letters of all his friends, and incur no penalty.
He becomes a poor agent of the Post Office Depart-
ment; and all others abusing its privileges are se-
verely punished. This provision will make this bill
an abomination in the eyes of the people, or I am
greatly deceived.
One other point. So meagre and despicable
will be the remuneration to your country post-
masters, that it will be impossible for the gov-
ernme« t to command materials worthy of the high
trust to be reposed in this most useful and necessary
class of officers. It throws the post offices into un-
worthy hands, and thus this bill will become a public
nuisance. As I have no hope of carrying the
amendment I have proposed, I will relieve gentle-
men and withdraw it.
The tide of the bill was then agreed to.
Mr. D. L. SEYMOUR moved the reconsidera-
tion of the vote on the passage of the bill, and
moved the previous question; "which was seconded
by the House, and under its operation the reconsid-
eration was refused.
Mr. HOUSTON moved to take up the motion to
reconsider the vote laying the graduation land bill
on the table.
Mr. SUMMERS asked the gentleman to with-
draw his motion for five minutes, to allow him to
make a report.
Mr. HOUSTON declined on the ground that
similar applications were made by several other gen-
tlemen.
Mr. VINTON moved a call of the House; which
motion being carried,
Mr. BRINKERHOFF moved to suspend further
proceedings under the call; whieh motion prevailed
—ayes 88, noes 63.
Mr. HOPKINS asked if it was in order to move
that the House resolve itself into a Committee of
the Whole on the state of the Union. It was im-
portant to pass on the bill establishing mail routes,
so that it might be sent to the Senate in time to be
acted on there.
The SPEAKER said the motion would not be in
order.
The question was then put on the motion for re-
consideration, and decided in the negative—yeas
81, nays 97, as follows:
YEAS—Messrs. Anderson, Arlington, Atkinson, Belter,
Benton, Bidlack, James A. Black, Bowlin, Boyd, Brink-
erhoff, Brodhead, Aaron V. Brown, Milton Brown, Burks,
Burt, Caldwell, Campbell, Shepard Cary, Reuben Chap-
man, Augustus A. Chapman, Clinton, Cobb, Dana, Darragh,
John W. Davis, Dellet, Douglas*, Duncan, Dunlap, El-
mer, Ficklin, Foster, Fuller, Hannibal Hamlin, Hammett,
Haralson, Henley, Herrick, Hoge, Hopkins, Houston, Hun-
gerford, James B. Hunt, Jameson, Cave Johnson, George
W. Jones, Andrew Kennedy, Leonard, Lumpkin, Lyon,
McClelland, McClernand, McConnell, MoDowell, Joseph
Morris, Isaac E. Morse, Parmenter, Payne, Emery D Pot-
ter, Relfe, Roberts, St. John, Sample, Simpson, Slidell,
Thomas Smith, Caleb B. Smith, Robert Smith, Steenrod,
Taylor, Thomasson, Thompson, Tibbatts, Tucker, Went-
worth, Wheaton, Benjamin White, Williams, Joseph A.
Wright, and Yancey—81.
NAYS—Messrs. Adams, Biker, Barringer, Barnard, Bay-
ly, Brengle, Jeremiah Brown, Bufttngton, Carpenter, Car-
roll, Catlin, chappell, Chilton, Clinch, Clingman, Coles,
Collamer, Cranston, Daniel, Garrett Davis, Richard D.
Davis, Deberry, Dickey, Dillingham, Dromgoole, Farlee,
Fish, Florence, Foot, French, Giddingi, Goggin, Byram
Green, Grider, Hale, Edward 5 Hamlin, Harper, Hubard,
Hubbell, Hudson, Washington Hunt, Charles J. Ingersoll,
Irvin, Jenks, Perley B. Johnson, John P. Kennedy, Dan-
iel P. King, Kirkpatrick, Lucas, Mcllvaine, McKay, Marsh,
Edward Joy Morris, Freeman H. Morse, Moseley, Newton,
Paterson, Phcenix, Pollock, Elisha R. Potter, Pratt, Pres-
ton, Purdy, Ramsey, Rayner, Charles M. Reed, David S.
Reid, Reding, Ritter, Robinson, Rodney, Rogers, Russell,
Severance, Thomas H. Seymour, Simons, Albert Smith,
Spence, Stetson, Andrew Stewart, John Stewart, Stues,
Strong, Summers, Sykes, Tilden, Tyler, Vance, Vanme-
ter, Vinton, Wethered, John White, "Winthrop, Wood*
ward, William Wright, and Yost—97.
IMPROVEMENT OF HARBORS AND RIVERS
On the motion of Mr. McKAY, the House re-
solved itself into a Committee of the Whole on the
state of the Union, Mr. Boyd in the chair.
Mr. JAMESON moved that the committee take
up bill 541, making appropriations for the improve-
ment of the navigation of certain rivers therein men-
tioned.
Mr. McKAY moved that the committee take tip
bill 501, being a bill malting appropriations for the
support of the army for the year ending on the 30th
June, 1846.
The CHAIRMAN decided that the question must
be first taken on the latter, being one of the general
appropriation bills.
Tellers were called for, and Messrs. Houston
and Paterson were appointed, and they reported
73 in the affirmative, and 75 in the negative.
So the motion of Mr. McKay was negatived.
The question then recurred on the motion of Mr.
Jameson, which was carried; the same tellers re-
porting 99 in the affirmative, and 40 in the negative.
The Clerk then read the bill at length as follows:
A bill making appropriations for the improvement of the
navigation of certain rivers therein mentioned.
Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Representatives
of the United States of America in Congress assembled, That
the following sums be, and the same are hereby, appropri-
ated, to be paid out of any unappropriated money in the
treasury, for the following purposes, viz:
For keeping in repair and extending the public works,
and removing the obstructions ia the Hudson river, between
the cities of Troy and Albany, and below the latter place,
to render more accessible the United States arsenal and
depot situated between these cities, one hundred thousand
dollars;
For removing obstructions in the Savannah river, thirty-
five thousand dollars;
For the improvement of the navigation of Newark bay,
and the Passaic river, near Newark, New Jersey, fifteen
thousand dollars;
For removing obstructions from the mouth of the Susque-
hanna river, near Havre-de-Grace, and improving the ma n
channel into the Chesapeake bay, twenty thousand dollars;,
For the improvement of the Ohio above the falls, one hun-
dred thousand dollars: and of this sum, the Secretary of
War, if he deems it advisable, may apply fifteen thousand
dollars to the improvement of what is commonly called the
Indian chute, in the falls.
For the improvement of the Ohio river below the falls at
Louisville, and of the Mississippi, Missouri, and Arkansas
rivers, two hundred and forty thousand dollars.
Mr. TIBBATTS moved to strike out this bill,
and insert a substitute which he sent to the Chair.
The substitute was understood to embody the whole
of bill No. 542, being a bill making appropria-
tions for the improvement of certain eastern and
western harbors, with some important alterations.
The amendment was read by the Clerk.
Mr. RAYNER obtained the floor.
Mr. D. L. SEYMOUR rose to a question of order.
He said it was not in order to strike out an entire
bill and substitute another bill on the calendar.
The CHAIRMAN replied that the substitute
was not a strict copy of any bill on the calendar,
there being some important alterations made in it.
Mr. J. W. DAVIS contended that it was not in
order to strike out the whole bill and insert any-
thing, the object in Committee of the Whole being
the perfecting of the bill.
Some further conversation on a point of order
arose between Messrs. TIBBATTS and BAR-
NARD.
Mr. BARNARD objected to the amendment of
Mr. Tibbatts, on the ground that it incorporated
another pending bill before the House; which was
in contravention, he contended, of the express pro-
vision of rule No. 55.
The CHAIR overruled the point of order, on the
ground that the amendment was not identical with
the bill, an addition having been made.
Mr. D. L. SEYMOUR moved an amendment ap-
propriating $100,000 for keeping in repair, and ex-
tending the public works, and removing the ob-
structions in the Hudson river, between the cities of
