CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
- 3 5t
the correction of errors ill the returns of the sixth
census; and a report which he made upon the sub-
ject, Was ordered to be printed.
C)n motion by Mr. WHITE, the previous orders
of the day wei-e postponed, and the bill for the re-
lief of Williatn Hanson was taken up and considered,
as in committee of the whole, reported to the
Senate, and finally passed.
GENERAL APPROPRIATION BtLl
On motion by Mr. EVANS, the previous orders
af the day were postponed, and the Senate took up
for consideration, as in committee of the whole, on
numerous amendments proposed by the Finance
Committee, the bill making appropriation for the
civil And diplomatic expanses of the government.
The following amendments of the Committee on
Finance were agreed to, viz-.
Increasing the appropriation from fifty to sixty
thousand dollars for stationery, fuel and printing,
and all other contingent expenses of the Senate.
Striking out the proviso to the appropriation for
certain books ordered last Congress—
That no part of tin's sum shall be paid until the Commit-
tee of Accounts of tile House have examined the prices
charged by the several publishers arid others for their
books, and reported to the clerk tliat the same are fair and
reasonable,
And inserting:
That the accounts for the said books shall be settled at
the Treasury Department, upon satisfactory evidence of
the delivery of the same, accoiding to the intent of sari
resolution.
By inserting:
For compensation of three clerks employed 111 the ufflce
of the Secretary of the Senate, under rfcolutiOlis Of the Sen-
ate, four thousand Jive hundred dollars.
By inserting after the appropriation for the repair
of the President's House, the following:
Provided, That the painting of the same shall ho done
under contract, to be made with the lowest bidder, alter
proposals for the same shall have been published in two of
the principal newspapers printed in the city of Washington,
for the period of sixty days.
An amendment increasing the appropriation for
the expenses of salary of the Secretary of I lie
Treasury and his clerks from $26,050 to $27,800.
An amendment increasing the appropriation for
the office of the First Comptroller from $26,200 to
$28,550.
An amendment inci easing the appropriation for
the office of the First Auditor from $18,000 to
$19,900. "
An amendment increasing the appropriation for
the office oi" the Second Auditor from jf^O/JOO to
#21,900.
An amendment increasing the appropriation for
the office of the Third Auditor from $:).'>,OM) to
$38,850.
An amendment increasing the appropriation for
the office of the Fourth Auditor from $iy,UftO to
#20,950.
An amendment, increasing the appropriation for
the office of the Fifth Auditor from $12,800 to
$14,000.
An amendment increasing the appropriation for
the office of the Register of the .treasury from
$27,200 to $30,300.
By adding the following proviso to the clause ap-
propriating money to pay the expenses of the land
office:
Provided, That it shall be the duty of tho Secretary of the
Treasury to reduce the number ol clerks to bo employed in
the General Land Office, from und alter the thirtieth day ol
June next, to sixty; and any excess ol appropriations horem
made for clerks in that office shall be carried to the surplus
fund of the treasury.
An amendment increasing the appropriation for
the office of the Solicitor of the Treasury from
$7,450 to $13,000.
An amendment increasing the appropriation to
the office of the Secretary of the Navy from $13,350
to $19,500. . . ,
To add to the clause appropriating for compensa-
tion to the office of chief of the Bureau of Construc-
tion the following-
For two clerks at the rate of twelve hundred dollars each,
and one clerk at the rate of one thousand dollars, hereby
authorized to be appointed in the Bureau of Construction,
Equipment, and Repans, three thousand four hundred dol-
lars.
Also by adding the folio wing:
Prm-idcd That whenever the cliiet of the Bureau of Con-
struction, Equipment, and Repairs, or of the Bureau of Pro-
visions and clothing, shall be a captain in the navy, he shall
receive a compensation at the rate of three thousand five
hundred dollars, in lieu of all other compensation in the na-
val service.
Add:
For one additional clerk, hereby authorued to be appoint-
ed in the Bureau of Provisions and Clothing, twelve hun-
dred dollars.
An amendment inserting "superintendent" in
the clause appropriating money for the support of
the General Post Office Department! and also in-
creasing the appropriation from $74,300, to $74,550.
Amended by adding:
For paving and repairing Pennsylvania "ave'miej and re-
pairing the road to the congressional burial gftjtifid ttfld to
the navy rrtrd, agreeably to the mode and under the super-
intendence trto-Hded in a bill for that purpose, which passed
the Senate 1" ebrdarj' twe'nly, OMe thousand eight hundred
and forty-four, thirty-eight tiio'isaiid dollars.
For laying the foundation and cGfflftieflcing Che super-
structure of the west wing of the Post 'Office, fifieeti thou-
sand dollars.
Amended by striking out the following:
For the employment of additional counsel or agents for
tile defence of the interests of the United States in suits au-
thdH/.ed to be brought against the United States by virtue
of the act of the 17th da^ of June, 1844, entitled an act to
provide for the adjusfmfetit of land claims within the States
of Missouri, Arkansas, and Loiiisidiut, and ill those part of
the States of Mississippi and Alabama south O'f the 31st de-
gree of north latitude, and between the Perdido and Missis-
sippi rivers, five thousand dollars.
The next amendment of the committee was to re-
duce the full ministers to Austria and Brazil to
charges.
Mr. BUCHANAN inquired of the chairman of
the Finance Committee, [Mr. Evans,] why the mis-
sion to Austria was reduced.
Mr. EVANS remarked that the committee had
come to the conclusion that a charge to each of these
courts was sufficient, those governments haVitjg
sent that grade of ministers here. There were only
charges from Austria and Brazil here; and, as there
Would be a changc in our missions there by the 1st
of July, tile committeo were of opinion that this
was the proper time to carry into effect the reduc-
tion so much desired. All that the committee pro-
posed was to substitute charges for full ministers at
these courts.
Mr. BUCHANAN remarked that, in regard to
the mission with Brazil at the present time—so far
hs ho was acquainted with the relations of the United
St iteu with foreign governments—there was but one
mission more important. Our commercial relations
with that country are exteniive. He knew that
some time past a leading power was endeavoring
t  obtain commercial relations with that country.
He wished to know better, before such a change
was made, what was the present condition of our re-
lations with Brazil. He believed that they were
going on successfully, und that important benefits
might be expected from (lie present diplomatic
grade there, lie did not know the rank of ths min-
ister of Brazil to this country, lie believd, how-
ever, n diplomatic resident minister, which, under
the law of nations, was just as high as the general
rank of ministers. [Here Mr. Evans said he would
not press the redection of the minister to Brazil;]
Mr. B. then remarked that, as to Austria, he
knew little or nothing. He did not know whether
that government had sent another minister plenipo-
tentiary to this government or not. He was without
any knowledge on that subject. However, after w«
have established a full minister to Austria, and on the
suggestion of the Emperor of Austria, who desired
to maintain the most friendly relations with us,
it appeared to him rather strange to cut
it off—especially without knowing what
our relations with that government were, and
our success in regard to the great tobacco enterprise
set on foot by a convention which met in this city.
He greatly preferred that the senator from Maine,
[Mr. Evans,! would agree to let that mission stand
as it was. If he had time to go the Department of
State, he could speak more confidently as to the im-
portance of maintaining a full minister at that court.
He believed that these appropriations were general-
ly granted on the incoming of a new administra-
tion. It is not to be inferred, Decauss the appropri-
ations are made, that they will be used. The ques-
tion, then, was whether the Senate of the United
States, without knowing or pretending to know the
relations of the United States with Austria, would
at once destroy a mission which was originally es-
tablished by the request of the Emperor of Austria
himself. He sent one of his most dignified diplo-
matic officers, who continued here a number of years.
He did not understand that that government had re-
duced the rank of their minister to this country.
Then, sir, in regard to that,—the oldest and proud-
est monarchy of Europe and always a friend to the
United States,—he must object to this summary
mode of cutting down the rank of our minister
there.
Mr. EVANS said he did not desire tp consume
the valuable time of the Senate, but would merely
state the reason which had induced the Committee
on Finance to proposethis amendment. They were
guided by a desire to maintain missions of the same
grade at Brazil and Austria as were maintained by
the emperors of those-countries in the United States.
He had consented to allow the appropriation for a
full mission to Brazil to remain, inasmuch as it had
been requested by the senator from Pennsylvania,
[Mr. Buchanan,] and other friends of the mission.
In the case of Austria, however, he would remark
that there was no important negotiations in progress
with that country at present, except, perhaps, the
negotiation about fixing the value of coin. If the
friends Of the incoming administration, however,
insisted upon the appropriation, he (Mr. E.) would,
consent, as it was immaterial to him. He had sup-
posed that the senator from Pennsylvania, [Mr.
Buchanan,] who was consulted on tne subject, had
consented to the amendment proposed by the com-
mittee. , ,
Mf. BUCHANAN said he was not aware that he
had been consulted in this matter by the chairman
of the Finance Committee. The senator remarked
that there was no important negotiation going on be-
tween this country and Austria, except that in rela-
tion to the value of com. Had the senator inquired
at the State Department about our relations with
Austria? The mission was established upon the
suggestion of a tobacco convention—a most respect-
able body— which assembled in Washington a few
years since. The subject of our tobacco trade had
been steadily pursued by the minister, as he (Mr.
B.) knew; for he had corresponded with the secreta-
ry of legation. He hoped that the mission would
be continued, and the appropriation not stricken out
by the Senate.
Mr. McDUFFIE desired to know what was the
amount of commerce annually carried on between
the United States and Austria.
Mr. EVANS could not say; but he knew that the
amount was not great.
Mr. McDUFFIE had but a word to say in rela-
tion to the proposed amendment. A new adminis-
tration was about to come into power. Much had
been said in the country about economy and re-
form; and he hoped the new administration would
begin the work of economy. He regarded many of
these foreign missions, as very much like some of
our army and naval establishments, intended rather
for the benefit of persona, than of the government
which supported them. If he understood the com-
mercial relations between this country and Austria,
that country, considering its extent and power m
Europe, was least of all other powers to be regarded
by us. He felt sure that a minister of a lower grade
than-we now kept in Austria would be sufficient for
all our purposes, and that an embassy of a higher
grade than a chargeship was a mere sinecure. Such
was the grade of the minister sent by the Emperor
of Austria to this country; and a reduction of the
grade of our minister could not be considered at all
disrespectful to that sovereign.
Mr. BUCHANAN remarked that the present
Secretary of State was as much attached to economy
and reform as any man in the country, and yet he
had recommended the continuance of this as a full
mission. lie read from the estimates received from
the State Department to show the fact. Neverthe-
less, he (Mr. B.,) would not press the matter further.
If the Senate believed it right to reduce the Aus-
trian mission, he would not object.
The question was then taken upon the amend-
ment of the Committee on Finance, reducing the
mission to Brazil from a full mission to a chargeship,
and non-concurred in.
The amendment of the committee reducing the
mission to Austria, from a full mission to a charge-
ship was agreed to, and the appropriation was re-
duced accordingly.
The nextamendment was agreed to as follows:
For the purchase of five hundred copies of the Digest of
the Revenue Laws of the United States, by Thomas K. Gor-
don, for the Treasury Department, if the same can be ob-
tained lor this sum, four thonsand dollars.
An amendment was agreed to, increasing the ap-
propriation for the publication of maps and" charts in
the office of coast survey from $4,000 to $12,000.
The following amendments of the committeo were
then agreed to, viz:
Page '23, after line 55'J, insert, "For the adjustment of
claims arising under the act of the fifth of March, one thou-
sand eight hundred and fifteen, for the relief of Lieutenant
Colonel William Lawience and otheis, being a leappropria
tionof an amount heretofore carried to the suiplus fund
