358
CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
three hundred aud forty-seven dollars and sixty-seven
cents."
Page 24, after line 587, insert, "For the support, clothing,
and medical tieatment of the insane paupers of the Dis
trict of Columbia, four thousand dollars: Provided, That the
amountpaid for each person shall not exceed four dollars
per week:  3nd'. provided Jurtker, That the marshal of the
District of Columbia be, and he hereby is, authorized to
maintain at Baltimore, or some other suitable lunatic asy-
lum, all such lunatic persons, being paupers, who are now
confined in the lunatic asylum at Baltimore by order ol
Congress, or are in the jails of Washington und Alexandria
counties, and all such as may hereafter be committed as
lunatics by order of the circuit or criminal courts, they be-
ing paupers of said District of Columbia, and their support
being legally chargeable thereto ; and that he pay the ex-
penses of their removal and maintenance in such asylum
as he may select, and be allowed for the same in the settle-
ment of his accounts at the Treasury Department."
Page 25, at end of line 6'20, add, " Jlnd provided, further,
That the Fifth Auditor of the Treasury shall continue to
superintend the several matters and things connected with
the light-houses, beacons, buoys, and public piers, of the
United States, and to perform all the duties connected there-
with, under the direction of the Secretary of the Treasury,
until otherwise ordeied by law
The bill was further amended by'striking out for
minister to China $9,000 salary and $9,000 outfit,
and inserting, " for compensation to a commissioner
to reside in China, $5,000."
Page 29, after line 710, insert, "For compensation to Ben-
jamin E. Green, while officiating as charge d'affaires in
Mexico, one thousand and sixty-nine dollars and forty
cents."
Page 29, after line 712, inseit, "For running and mark-
ing the boundary lme between the United States and the
possessions of Great Britain, seventy-five thousand dol-
lars."
The amendment of the committee reducing the
Congress printing from the resolution of 1819,
twenty-five per cent, on paper and press-work, and
twenty-five per cent, on composition, was agreed
to.
Section four came up for consideration as fol-
lows:
Jlnd be it father enact* d, That from and after the pas-
sage oi this act, no accounts which have been adjusted by the
accounting officers of th^ tiedsuiy shall be reopened without
authority of law, nor ;shall the accounting officers of the
treasury act upon an} account which shall not be pre-
sented within thiee > ears hoin the date, when the claim
first existed, nnless the person having the claim was anin-
fant lunatic, or temo covert, and witinn three years after
the removal of the disability.
This section was amended by striking out all
after the word "law" to the end of the section, and
inserting the following:
Provided, That this section shall not apply to cases
where special acts have passed, or shall pass, for the relief
of individuals.
The 4th section was then considered as follows:
And he it further enacted, That it shall be lawful for the
respective heads of the departments to continue in scrvice
or to employ until the 1st day of January, 1846, the follow-
ing officers and persons, and at th« salaries (unless when
otherwise specified) that are fixed in the act entitled an
act legalising and making appropriations for such necessa-
ry objects as have been usually included m the general ap-
propriation bills without authority of law, and to nx and pro-
vide for certain incidental expenses of the departments and
officers of the government, and for other purposes, approved
26th August, 1842:
The above was amended by striking out all after
the word "service," to the end of the section, and
inserting the following:
During the next fiscal year, the officers and persons, and
at the salaries and compensations authorized in the act ap-
proved the twenty-sixth of August, one thousand eight hun-
dred and forty-two, entitled "An act legalizing and making
appropriations tor such necessary objects as have been usu-
ally included in the general appropriation bills without au-
thority of law, and to fix and provide for certain incidental
expenses of the departments and offices of the government,
and for other purposes." and also the clerks authorized to be
employed in the office of the Kirst Comptroller of the Treas-
ury, by the act of June seventeenth, one thousand eight hun-
dred and forty-four, entitled "An act making appropriations
for the civil and diplomatic expenses of the government for
the fiscal year ending the thiitieth of June, one thousand
eight hundred and forty.five, and for other purposes;" and
also the copying cleik. authorized by the same act, in the
office of the Solicitor of the Treasury, and also the clerk in
the office of the Second Auditor, by the same act.
Pago 33, after lme 14, insert, "for compensation to the
superintendent of the General Post Office, for the year end-
ing June thirtieth, one thousand eight hundred and forty-
five, two hundred and fifty dollars "
Page 34, add to line 48, "and to John M Botts, being the
araount of mileage and attendance in contesting the seat of
John W. Jones, at the first session of the twenty-eighth
Congress, one thousand five hundred and seventy-three dol-
lars and sixty cents."
rage 34, after line 48, insert, "To supply a deficiency in
the appropriation for the contingent expenses of the Senate,
seventy thousand dollars."
The bill was further amended by striking out
the provisions fixing the mode of computing mile-
age of senators and representatives the word "mail,"
so at to leave it by the nearest route, whether by
railroad, stage, or steamboat.
The bill was further amended by striking out the
last three sections, concerning the bills of cost in
courts, the direction of the clerk of the House of
Representatives over the contingent fund thereof,
and concerning the punishment for embezzlement, a
misapplication of that fund, and the penalty there-
for, &.C.
All the amendments of the Committee on Finance
being disposed of,
On the motion of Mr. ARCHER the bill was laid
aside for the purpose of proceeding to the consid-
eration of the special order; before doing which,
however, Mr. Jarnagin asked to make a
PERSONAL EXPLANATION.
Mr. JARNAGIN asked the consent of the Sen-
ate to make a personal explanation. He read from
the New York Herald of February 26th, in which
it was stated that he had charged General Armstrong
with frauds upon the government in relation to the
removal of Indians—with having procured the re-
turn of Indians in order to obtain new contracts for
their removal. He did not know how any person
who heard his remarks could have placed such a
construction upon them. He had said nothing
against General Armstrong, or against the deceased
Iadian agent, Major Frank Armstrong.
Mr. WALKER remarked that he had listened to
the remarks of the senator from Tennessee, and he
knew that the version of them in the New York
Herald was entirely incorrect.
Here the matter dropped, and the Senate proceed-
ed to the consideration of the order of the day.
ANNEXATION OF TEXAS.
The Senate then resumed the consideration of the
joint resolution from the House for annexing Texas
to the United States.
: Mr. CRITTENDEN observed that he rose to ad-
dress the Senate with an embarrassment which he
seldom felt in addressing this body. The subject
under discussion was one of immense magnitude ;
not only involving the question of the extension of
this Union, but that of the preservation and duration
of the great charter, the constitution, upon which
this confederation rests.
He could have forborne the expression of his
opinions, had it not appeared important to othersen-
ators to make known their views, and he did not
feel willing to let his silence be attributed to any
backwardness of avowing openly his own senti-
ments.
\ He then stated the principles of the joint resolu-
tion under consideration; and instituted an inquiry
into the granted powers of the constitution upon
which the action of Congress was now invoked. He
proposed, first to examine the arguments upon which
it was assumed, that the power granted in the fourth
article of the constitution extended to the admission
of States erected out of foreign territory, or for-
eign States already formed. In pursuing this ex-
amination, he should confine gentlemen who de-
signated themselves, par excellence, strict construc-
tionists, to their own doctrine. He quoted the
provision of the fourth article that " new States
may be admitted by the Congress into this
Union," and commented upon the construction
which alone should be the guide of legislation, and
asked how could the express grant be applied as
the friends of annexation applied it without opening
it up to such a latitudinous construction as would
be wholly at war with the nature of the instrument
in which it was found, and the natural inference of
the intention of the framers of the constitution?
Could it be imagined by any candid and dispassion-
ate mind—a mind divested of predilections to arrive
at a foregone conclusion—that if it had been contem-
plated by the framers of that instrument to author-
ize the admission of foreign States or foreign terri-
tory by act of legislation, they would have left such
a vast and important power indefinite and hidden
in mysterious expressions, wholly dependent upon
construction and interpolation? To suppose such a
thing was to suppose what was contrary to all
reason. Was it to be supposed that the wise, jeal-
ous, and cautious men who weighed and deliberated
upon the grants of power so long and so carefully,
would, if they intended that foreign States and for-
eign territory should be admitted by Congress at its
discretion, have forborne the expression of their
intention in clear and explicit terms which could not
be misunderstood?
Mr. C. reviewed at considerable length the argu-
ments urged throughout this debate by the friends
of annexation, commenting on each, and dissenting
from all, and in many instances insisting that gen-
tlemen had totally misapprehended the authorities
upon which they reliedj
/* He did .not intend to undertake the task of de-
fining the exact line of demarkation between the
legislative and treaty-making power. He argued
with the senator from Alabama, [Mr. Bagby,] that
there is a line. It would be sufficient for him to
show, that the acquisition of territory was confined
exclusively to the treaty-making powef. He .quoted
Justice Story's definition of the power to make'
treaties. It might be that some part or portions of
the subjects enumerated by Justice Story may be
regulated by law. Justice'Story.says the treaty-
making power embraces the power of treating for
peace or war, regulations of commerce, or for ter-
ritory. Did not, then, the treaty-making power em-
brace the case of acquiring territory? Mr. C. di-
rected much of his review to the remarks of the
senator from South Carolina, [Mr. McDuffie.]
He also reviewed the remarks of the senator from
New Hampshire, [Mr. Woodbry,] and of the sen-
ator from Mississippi, [Mr. Walker.] In the course
of this extensive range of review, Mr. C. quoted
largely from the Federalist and otherffauthorities, for
the purpose of establishing hisposition that the power
to admit new States into the Union was confined ex-
clusively to the admission of States arising out of the
bosom of the old thirteen States, and territory in
their neighborhood—the neighborhood meaning the
territory Belonging to the States, but out of the lim-
its of the State confines. He next touched upon
the functions of the treaty-making power, with,*
view of showing that, from their very nature, and
their possible effects upon our foreign relations, the
power was lodged, where it ought to be lodged, in
the executive and Senate; and he argued that the
experience of the government before the adoption of
the constitution had proved the inconvenience and
impropriety of exercising the power by Congress.
He denied, the position assumed by the senator
from South Carolina, that Congress has the power
to declare war and make peace. Where, he would
ask, was the power of making peace given to Con-
gress by the constitution? W ould the senator tell
him how Congress eould make peace?
Mr. McDUFFIE. Yes, sir: by disbanding th«
army and navy. [Laughter.]
Mr. CRITTENDEN. That would not stop the
war.
Mr. McDUFFIE did not presume the executive
and Senate would undertake to carry on the war af-
ter Congress disbanded the army and navy.
Mr. CRITTENDEN. No, sir; but it would be
a very good time for the enemy to carry on the war.
[Great laughter.] Mr. C. continued his review of
the treaty-making power. In the course of his
remarks, he referred to Mr. Jefferson's opin-
ions concerning the power of acquiring territory.
'/Qje maintained that, if it can be acquired by this
government, it must be exclusively through the
treaty-making power. It was admitted by the sena-
tor from South Carolina that territory might be ac-
quired properly by treaty; but it was denied by him
that the acquisition of it belonged exclusively to the
treaty-making power. Now, he (Mr. C.) held that,
if foreign territory can be acquired properly by the
treaty-making power, it is exclusively by that power,
and that alone, in this government that it can be ac-
quired.
. He admonished the Senate to hold fast to the
prosperity of the Union as it is; not to attempt ex-
panding its territory—not to hazard anything by
dangerous experiments. He denounced the idea of
grounding any course of policy upon apprehension
of the grasping power of England. He feared noth-
ing himself from England, or any other power; his
fears were as to the destruction of our own constitu-
tion and institutions by novel and dangerous experi-
ments.
•, His objections to the annexation of Texas were
founded upon public considerations. Some of these
had passed away, and others were passing away.
They may yet be wholly removed. He feared, at
present, the measure would disturb our foreign rela-
tions. It was, in his mind, unwise to act upon it
now. The people have not had an opportunity of
expressing their will upon the subject at the ballot-
box. The question was started for purposes of
presidential election, since the people last appointed
their representatives. Let the matter be postponed
till the people can speak; and let its consummation
be reserved for the m-coming administration. But
to do it in an offensive way, at an improper time,
and by unconstitutional means, can excite nothing
! but hostility to the whole movement and its authors^ >
