CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
3'SI
He looked forward to this measure as one of the
most vital importance to this country. Be patient
and be just, and all may be well. The hand that
grasps ambitiously, dishonestly, or unlawfully at
the plunder of others, particularly when they are in
a defenceless condition, is sure to be festered with
the leprosy of dishonor and disgrace. He objected
to the consolidation of all the powers of govern-
ment into the Hands of a bare majority, to favor this
measure trow.'
Mr. ARCHER next obtained the floor, and ad-
dressed the Senate for upwards of an hour.
< "JJ? rose, he said, in'right of the position assigned
him in the Senate of the United States, (as chair-
man of the Committee on Foreign Relations,) to
address the Senate in conclusion of this debate.
No man could enter into this discussion with a
more solemn appreciation of the great magnitude of
the question now at issue, than he did. In that
question was involved the preservation or destruc-
tion and entire overthrow of the constitution. The
question was, whether we are to have a constitution
for ourselves now, and whether our posterity for
ages to come are to have a constitution.
He knew full well that the annexation ofTexas
is ordained; that it is the will, not alone of a majori-
ty of the people, but of a very largo majority of the
people of his own constituency. To his constitu-
ency ho yielded the question of expediency, und
respect for their decision 011 that point would, if
nothing else interposed, have due influence on him.
But ifthe whole embodied will of the people of his
State, or of the Union, were hero and persented to
him in favor of that expediency, it could not pre-
vent him from interposing his voice aguinst the
violation of the constitution, even for the accomp-
lishment of their will.
' It'he found that will rumiins counler to the con-
stitution, it was his determination to open his brenst
in opposition to it.
! He asked gentlemen who had discovered in his
report an admission—and lie now reiterated it—
that there is a constitutional mode of admitting
' Texas into tlie Union, why they did not abundon
the unconstitutional mode which they propose, and
unite with him in resorting' to the only constitution-
al and undisputed mode of lulmiesioti? What did this
joint resolution, sent here by the House of Repre-
sentatives, propose to do? To set down in a schoii-
-• ule a list ot requisitions, which we enjoin Texas to
t comply with. What possible power could we as-
sume under the constitution of commanding or re-
"• quiring Texas to do these things?
"YOne evidence of the determination to override
1 every obstacle—conf titution,an(l everything else—to
arrive at the consummation of this object, was to
be found in the first proposition on the subject, of-
fered to the Senate this session by the senator from
South Carolina, and in the other House by the
chairman of the Committee on Foreign Affairs.
Until were in Hie identical words of the. treaty,
which the Senate had rejected last session by, a large
majority. This, lie said, evmeed the determination
with which the measure, was pursued.
' Mr. A. here entered upon the question of the
constitutional power of Congress to foun compacts
with foiei n govcrnmeiits, which may properly be
made by he treaty-making power, and reviewed the
positions taken by the friends of annexation.
He passed then to what he considered an often-
repeated axiom—so often repeated, as to become a
form of slang—that, on the success of the experiment
of this federal republican government depended the
extension of freedom throughout the world, and the
assertion of public liberty everywhere. In that
principle he concurred. He reviewed the character
of this government us contrasted with that of gov-
ernments of despotism, and recalled the history of
our revolution.
This is a government of balances and compro-
mises, intended to extend over the larger part of this
continent, and involving a great diversity of classes
of interests. Our discussions in national legislation
were evidences of this diversity of interests. We
were all familiar with the opinions of those favora-
ble to free trade, and of those m favor of the protec-
tive system; of those attached to southern interests,
and those favorable to the free States. If the doc-
trine, by which the proposition now under the con-
sideration of the Senate was advocated, could he ad-
mitted as a principle of legislation—-that it was ne-
i-essaiy to do this thing to sustain particular inter-
ests-—would not that principle be in direct opposition
to the very principles of confederation upon which
this government was founded, and entirely at vari-
ance with the intention and object of'its framers?
v He adverted incidentally to the balance of politi-
cal power assumed by abolitionists in various por-
tions of the country; and predicted the power which
they, though composing so small a minority, would
have in , forcing their influence to be felt in legisla-
tion, both State and federal. He depicted the con-
sequences which he conceived must result from this
fanaticism, and denounced the authors of the disso-
lution which must ensue.
'( He commented at some length upon what he con-
sidered democratic doctrines, with a view of show-
ing that, if carried out on the principle of the prop-
osition and means of accomplishing it now pro-
posed, the same arguments would lead to the intro-
duction of Cuba, Hayti, and the West India islands
into this Uuion, and colored representative's in Con-
gress; and, as a necessary result, the people of the
North would insist on getting in New Brunswick,
Newfoundland, and Canada, on the plea that a bal-
ance of power was guarantied and intended by the
constitution. After acquiring these immense terri-
tories north and south, then comes the question of
thporights of man.
4H was not a question merely of the breach of the
constitution, but of the overthrow of all the checks
and balances of the constitution. It was the ques-
tion to be decided on the battlefield—the Fharsnlia
battlefield, in which was to be determined whether a
great republic or a Cmsar is to be overthrown—the
Gtesar of "progressive democracy."
vj % blow parricidal is now aimed at the constitution
of the United States. So much earth as—com-
paratively speaking, vile earth—as could be grasped
in a man's hand, was to be accepted ill barter for the
noblest charter of the noblest institutions ever raised
by the wisdom of man.
Mr. JOHNSON explained his position in refer-
ence to this question, and stated his willingness to
vote (bra constitutional proposition for annexation,
if presented to him.
Mr. WALKER offered the following amendment,
to come in as an additional section:
Jhul b? it further provided, That if the President of the
United btfite's shall, in his judgment and disciction, deem it
more advwablo, instead of m*oc<;fding to submit the forego*
injj resolution to the republic of Texas fts an overture on
this part of the United states for admission to negotiate with
that ft-public, then
lie it rrtolvrd. That a State, to be foimed out of the pres-
ent republic of Texas, with suitable extent and boundaries,
and with two representatives in Congress, until the next
apportionment of representation, shall be admitted into the
Union, by virtue of this act, on an equal footing with the
existing States, as soon as the terms and conditions of such
admission, and lUe cession of the remaining Tevian terri-
tory to the. United States, shall be agreed upon by the gov-
ernments of Texas and the United States.
Sk«'. 'i. ,'lnd be it further enacted. That the sum of one
hundred thousand dollars be, andth« same is hereby, appro-
priated to defray the expenses of missions and negotiations,
to agree upon the tenns of t^old admission and cest-ion,
either by tieaty to be submitted to th s Senate, or by articles
to be Mibmitted to the two Houses of Congress, as the
President may direct.
Mr. ALLEN called for the yeas and nays; which
were ordered.
Mr. BERRIEN did not hope to be able to influ-
ence the question by anything he should say, but
ho asked if gentlemen were going to precipitate the
vole 011 that important amendment. He claimed ns
a right, as ail American senator, time to consider it.
A recess could be taken till 5 or 6 o'clock, and in
the interval it could bo investigated. The only in-
terval he asked was that of recess. He moved to
take an interval tdl 6 o'clock.
Mr. WALKER said the amendment had been
offered and debated twenty days ago, und printed.
Mr. CRITTENDEN" thought there was an incon-
sistency between the House resolutions and the
amendment.
Mr. BARROW thought this the moat extraordi-
nary proceeding he had ever witnessed. Many seals
were vacant. He considered it unfair, and hoped j
gentlemen would not persist in putting it to the vote
on the instant. If they did his side could prevent it
by speaking on till the 4th of March. The request
of a recess for an hour and a half was so reasonable
that he was surprised there should be any objection
to it. He and his friends were willing that it should
come to a conclusion to-night. Ho wanted to know
if the question was to be put now? If so, he could
talk two hours—whether sense or nonsense was not
material to him—if his friends could obtain time to
examine and reflect upon the proposition. What
was the resolution ? He asked it to be read again.
The amendment was again read by the Secretary
of the Senate.
Mr. TAPPAN said it was understood yesterday
that the question would be taken at halt' past three
o'clock, as intimated by the chairman of the Com-
mittee on Foreien Relations.
Mr. BARROW understood the chairman of the
committee as saying the debate would close about
half-past 3 or 4 o'clock, and the Senate could then
vote upon the bill; but did not under.stund Inm to
pledge himself to vote on a new proposition-
Mr. CRITTENDEN hoped there would he no
needless controversy about an hour. Several gentle-
men were absent; let the Senate take a recess and
meet again.
Mr. WALKER asked if the suggestion was ac-
cepted, \yould gentlemen be ready to vote on reas-
sembling. _ , .
Mr. CRITTENDEN had no reason to doubt it.
Mr. JOHNSON hoped the Senate would consent
to a recess.
Mr. BUCHANAN, in consideration of the cir-
cumstance that two senators were absent, was not
willing to place them in a position of not having an
opportunity of casting their votes. He believed it
would be more satisfactory to all parties here and to
the country, to take a recess and then proceed to
vote.
The joint resolution was then passed over infor-
mally.
Mr. PEARCE was anxious to state that he hoped
the question would be taken this evening, as he
could not be here to-morrow.
The Senate then agreed to t.ike a recess till sis
o'clock.
EVENING SESSION.
The Senate was called to order at six o'clock.
The question pending having been staled by the
Chair—
Mr. FOSTER rose and called for the reading of
the amendment of the senator from Mississippi, [Mr.
Walker;] which was read accordingly, as follows:
Jlnd be it further jnocided, That if the President of th«i
Unrted States shall, in his judgment and discretion, deem it
more advisable, instead ot proceeding to submit the forego-
ing resolution to the republic of Texds as an overture on.
the part of the United States for admission to negotiate with
that republic, then
Be it rewlvtd, That a State, to be iormed out of the pres.
ent republic of Texas, with suitable extent and boundaries,
and with two repiesentatives in. Congress until the next
apportionment of representation, shall be admitted into tho
Union by virtue of this act, on an eq'ial feotmg with the
existing Statoe, as soon as the terms and conditions of s>uch
admission, and the ce^ion oi the rcridiumg Tr\i«in terri-
torytothe United States, shall be apeed upon bv ihe gov-
ernments ofTexas and the United
Skc •} .'hid be itjuithei (uwi<d, '1 bat the ft one hun-
died thousand dollars be, ami tin* su!m> i> lim by, a^prn.
priated to defray the expein.es of missions an*' nt gutiations,
to agree upon the teirns of said admission and cession,
either bv treaty to be submitted to the Senate, or by articles
to be submitted to the two Houses oi Congies^, as the Pres-
ident may dircct
\/Mr. F. then piocccded to address the Senate. He
commenced by apologising for his aUenec. from the
Senate this morning when the vote was about to be
taken. That absence was caused by a supposition
that the Senate had taken a recess. Had he, been
in his seat he should have ufteted an "amendment,
which he would now propose for the consideration
of the Senate, it was not his purpose to lu-iass th«
Senate at this late stage of the debate, ilis position
was as well defined as that of any membei <>■ Con-
gress—he had no secrets to keep, nothing to fear,
lie occupied the same position now whicn he did at
the lagt session of Congress, when the tie.ny fm tho
annexation of Texas was submitted to the Senate.
He had not formed his opinions without due dehb
eration, and he would not change tho-c opinions.
He could not, dared not, and would not, abandon (lit;
ground he had taken upon the resolution which he had
presented to the Senate, nnd which was presented to
the other House by an honored colleague of his. Thai-
resolution was prepared with the greatest, mre; and
as Jong as those pillars which he saw before him
should stand fast, he should adhere to it. He wished
to have no future Missouri compromises t«. settle
here. He would not consent to ogibUe th ' question
of slavery at a future day, when it might seuh*d
now. • We should secure the matter in this prn< ced-
ing, or else we would repent of it hereaftei. If we did
not do this now, hereafter, when new States, formed
out of the Texian territory, should apply for ad-
mission into the Union, the free States would say
"Stand back and wash out the stain of sku *ry which
defiles you." These States had said so to Missouri,
and all remembered the scenes v-in-h to^k place
when her application for admission mfo ihe
was agitated. Courage and hope foiled the ^toi-U'U
