362
CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
ings innumerable upon his fellow men, now, hence-
forward, and forever.
Mr. BERRIEN said he would not consent that
this debate should close with the declaration of the
senator from .Pennsylvania, [Mr. Buchanan,] that
the convention had not determined the sense of the
terjn "new States."
rMr. BUCHANAN rose to explain. "What the
senator from Pennsylvania did say was, that at first
the clause granting power to Congress to admit new
States into the Union had been confined to States
arising within the United States; but that after de-
bate and a full discussion, the constitution was
adopted with the clause in its present clear unre-
stricted form, written as in letters of light.
Mr. BERRIEN said that the proposition of the
senator, as first stated, meant much. Now, it
meant nothing. At first, he said the question
"what were new States!" was answered by the con-
vention. It was upon these words "lawfully aris-
ing"—new States lawfully arising within the United
States—that that question was decided; and he main-
tained that it was determined contrary to the prop-
osition of the senator from Pennsylvania. At first
it was "States lawfully arising;" and the "new"
was substituted for "lawfully arising.'1
Mr. B. commented on the speech of the senator
from Alabama, [Mr. Bagby,] who he declared was
about to commit an inconsistency in voting for the
resolution after the declarations he had made. That
senator had said he could not sustain the House
resolution; and yet he would vote for a proposition
in which the President is invested with the power
of admittin&Texas either by treaty or legislation.
By voting for this agglomerated resolution now be-
fore the Senate, the senator would commit to the
President all power over the subject.
Mr. MOREHEAD said there was one view of
the subject which he desired to present to the con-
sideration of the Senate. All admitted the impoit-
ance of this question; and he asked that it might be
settled on the principles upon which the constitution
was founded. Nothing was more common than the
saying that the constitution was the offspring of
concession and compromise. Now, up@n tne prop-
osition of the senator from Virginia [Mr. Archer]
the Senate was equally divided; and when twenty-
six senators had declared in favor of a proposition,
was it not a fair case to indulge concession? Why
rush us on to the accomplishment of an important
measure, which might be settled hereafter? Was
the spirit which gave birth to the constitution no
longer living? Was the voice of twenty-six sena-
tors not to be respected? He appealed to this body,
as members of a common family, not to decide this
question in this manner, and throw the whole coun-
try into a state of excitement.
Mr. CRITTENDEN had one remark to make.
The resolution of the House could not pass the Sen-
ate:—a majority could not be obtained for it. That
fact was acknowledged; and it was found necessary
to tack on an amendment to help it along. The res-
olution was about to be passed, not because the Sen-
ate approved it, but because of the alternative power
it gave the President to admit Texas by treaty.
Thus, it would depend on her whether she would be
admitted according to the terms of the House res-
olution, against the sense of the Senate, or by
treaty.
Mr. FOSTER said he wished to record his vote
properly; and therefore he called for a division of
the question. He had always been in favor of the
admission of Texas on proper terms. He believed
either mode of admission would do; but the terms
were important. If the amendment of the senator
from Mississippi [Mr. Walker] was kept with the
resolution, he sh' uld be compelled to vote agains
the whole proposition.
, He believed that amendment had been placed
there to qualify a great act—placed there oy the
opponents of the institutions under which he lived,
and which were guarantied by the constitution.
He had no confidence in the North on this subject.
It would crush the South if it could. It had already
driven us to the borders of a gulf, and it would (fyive
us into the briny ocean if it could. He was for
the Union without Texas, but not for Texas with-
out the Union. He was willing to vote for the
House resolution; but could not vote for it ridden
down by the amendment which had been appendedj
After some conversation upon a point of order,
the question was taken upon concurring in the
amendment adopted by the Senate when in commit-
tee of the whole (Mr. Walker's proposition.) 'It
was decided in the affirmative—yeas 27, nays 25,,
as follows:
YEAS—Messrs. Allen, Ashley, Atchison, Atherton, Bag-
by, Benton, Breese, Buchanan, Colquitt, Dickinson, Dix,
Fairfield, Hannegan, Huger, Johnson, Lewis, McDniiie,
Merrick, Niles, Semple, Sevier, Sturgeon, Tappan, Walker,
and Woodbury—27.
NAYS—Messrs. Archer, Barrow, Bates, Bayard, Ber-
rien, Choate, Clayon, Ciittenden, Dayton, Evans, Foster,
Francis, Huntington, Jarnagin, Mangum, Miller, More-
head, Pearce, Phelps, Porter, Rives, Simmons, Upham,
White, and Woodbridge—25.
Mr. CRITTENDEN then moved to Strike out
the whole of the House resolution. He wished to
make the mode of admission definite. If it was the
intention ofCongressto admit Texas by treaty, let
them say so; if oy resolution, say so; but not leave
the mode discretionary with the President.
Mr. McDUFFiE inquired if it was in order to
move to strike out all of the resolution as it came
from the House.
The CHAIR said it was, inasmuch as it had not
yet been passed on by the Senate.
The question on striking out the House resolu-
tion was decided in the negative, as follows:
YEAS—Messrs. Archer, Barrow, Bates, Bayard, Berrien,
Choate, Clayton, Crittenden, Dayton, Evans, Francis, Hun-
tington, Jarnagin, Mangum, Miller, Morehead, xPearoe,
Phelps, Porter, Rives, Simmons, Upham, White, and
Woodbridge—24.
NAYS—Messrs. Allen, Ashley, Atchison, Atherton, Bag-
by, Benton, Breese, Buchanan, Colquitt-. Dickinson, Dix,
Fairfield, Foster, Hannegan, Haywood, Henderson, Huger,
Johnson,' Lewis, McDuihe, Merrick, Niles, Semple, Sevier,
Sturgeon,Tappan, Walker, and Woodbury—28.
J vMr. ARCHER said he could not hope to alter any
maif's vote now. The proposition before the Sen-
ate had taken a definite form. He, however, de-
sired the country to know that the object desired by
senators—the admission of Texas—was to be ac-
complished in a manner which outraged the consti-
tution. As the resolution now stood, no one could
tell who was to exercise the function which was to
consummate this act—whether it was to be done
by the executive or the legislature. He was not,
however, astonished at the mode proposed, when
he considered the history of a ceildin class of poli-
ticians m this country for some yeais past. In or-
der to test the sense of the Senate, he would again
propose the substitute for the House resolution,
which he had offeied in committee of the whole^
The substitute was then read. (Reported abo%.)
Mr. HAYWOOD contended that it was not in
order, because the whole resolution now consisted
of what the Senate had acted on.
The CHAIR ruled it in order.
Mr. WALKER mentioned a case in point, which
occurred some years ago. A bill to confine the
sales of the public lands to actual settlers was before
the Senate, and the several parts having been passed
on, the friends of the bill wished to amend it, but
could not do so. They therefore were compelled
to refer it to the Committee on Public Lands, in or-
der to save it.
Mr. CRITTENDEN said he knew very little of
parliamentary law; but what he did know, applied
to this case exactly. He knew that the rejection of
a proposition to strike out A, and insert B, did not
exclude a proposition to strike out A, and insert C.
Therefore he thought the amendment in order.
Mr. HAYWOOD read from Jefferson's Manual,
to sustain the point of order he had raised.
The CHAIR overruled the question of order.
Mr. FOSTER then moved to amend the amend-
ment of the senator from Virginia, [Mr. Archer,]
by adding thereto the proviso, which he offered m
committee of the whole to Mr. Walker's amend-
ment, (as reported above.)
This motion was rejected as follows:
YEAS—Messrs.Archer, Barrow, Bayard, Berrien, Clay-
ton, Crittenden, Foster, Henderson, Jarnagin, Johnson,
Mangum, Merrick, Morehead. Pearce, Rives, and Sevier—16
NAYS—Messrs. Allen, Ashley, Atchison, Atherton, Bag-
by, Bates, Benton, Breese, Buchanan, Choate, Colquitt,
Da) ton, Dickinson, Dix, Evans, Fairfield, Francis, Han-
negan, Haywood, Huger, Huntington, Lewis, McDuftie,
Miller, Niles, Semple, Sturgeon, Tappan, Upharn, Walker,
White, Woodbridge, and Woodbury—33.
The question recurring on Mr. Archer's prop-
osition, it was rejected as follows:
YEA-S—Messrs. Archer, Barrow, Bates, Bayard, Berrien,
Choate, Clayton, Crittenden, Dayton, Evans, Francis,
Huntington, Jarnagin, Johnson, Mangum, Miller, Moie-
head, Pearce, Phelps, Porter, Hives, Simmons, TJpham,
White, and Woodbridge—25.
NAYS—Messrs. Allen, Ashley, Atchison, Atherton,
Bagby, Benton, Breease, Buchanan. Colquitt,- Dickinson,
Dix, Fairfield, Foster, Hannesran, Haywood,j Henderson,
Huger, Lewis, McDuffie, Merrick, Niles, Semple, Sevier,
Sturgeon, Tappan, Walker, and Woodbuiy—27.
Mr. MILLER moved to amend the resolution by
striking out all after "resolved," and
following:
. inserting the
Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Representatives of
the United Stales of Avieiica in-Confess assembled,.That
the President of the United States be, and he hereby it, au-
thorized and advised to open negotiations ^ith Mexico and
Texas, for the adjustment of boundaries, and the annexa-
tion of the latter to the United States, on-the following
bases, to wit; . °
I. The boundary of the annexed' territory to be in the
desert prairie west of the Nueces, and along the highlands
and mountain heights which divide the waters of the Mis-
sissippi from the waters of the Itio del-Norte, and to latitude
forty-two degrees north.
II. The people of Texas, f*y a legislative act, or „by any
authentic act which shows the will of the majority, to ex-
press their assent to said annexation.
III. A State, to be called "the State of Texas,'' with boun-
daries fixed by herself, and an extent not exceeding that
of the largest State in the Union, be admitted into the IK-row,
by virtue of this act, on an equal footing with the original
States.
IV. Tho remainder of the annexed territory to be held
and disposed of by the United States as one of their Territo-
ries, anu to be called "the Southwest Territory."
V. The existence of slavery to be forever prohibited in
the northern and northwestern part of said Tei-ritory, west
of the hundredth degree oflongitude west from Greenwich,
so as to divide, as equally as may be, the whole of the an-
nexed country betw een slaveholding and non-slaveholding
States
VJ. The assent of Mpxico to be obtained by treaty to Mich
annexation and boundary, or to be dispensed u ith when the
Congress of the United States may deem such assent to be
unnecessary.
VII. Other details of the annexation to be adjusted by
treaty, so far as the same may come within the scope of the
treaty-making power.
Mr. MILLER said this was the same proposition
which was introduced by the senator from Missouri
[Mr. Benton] last December.
Mr. BENTON (from his seat.) The senator
from Missouri will vote against it. [Laughter.]
The proposition having been read,
Mr. MILLER said that the speech delivered by
the honorable senator had made a strong impression
upon him, and he hoped the senator would not de-
stroy his own child.
Mr. BENTON (from his seat.) I'll kill it stone
dead.
[General laughter, with an attempt at cheering,
suppressed by the President.]
The question was taken on this proposition, and
decided in the negative, as follows:
YEAS—Messrs. Archer, Berrien, Choate, Crittenden,
Dayton, Evans, Fiancis, Miller, Phelps, Upbam, and Wood-
bridge—U.
NAYS—Messrs. Allen, Ashley, Atchison, Atherton, Bag-
by, Barrow, Benton, Breese, Buchanan, Clayton, Colquitt,
Dickinson, Dix, Fairtield, Foster, Hannegan, Haywood,
Henderson, Huger, Jarnagin, Johnson, Lewis., McDuffie,
Merrick, Niles, Pearce, Hives, Semple, Sevier, Sturgeon,
Tappan, Walker, and Woodbury~33.
The question recurring on the engrossment of the
amendment, and ordering the bill to a third reading,
it was decided as follows:
YEAS—.Mes.sis. Allen, Ashley, Atchison, Atherton, Bag-
by, Benton, Breese, Bnchannn, Colquitt, Dickinson, Dix,
Fairfield, Hannegan, Haywood, Henderson, Huger, John-
son, Lewis, McDuffie, Merrick, Niles; Semple, Sevier, Stur-
geon, Tappan, Walker, and Woodbury—27.
NAYS—Messrs. Archer, Barrow, Bates, Bayard, Berrien,
Choate, Clayton, Crittenden, Dayton, Evans, Foster, Fian-
cis, Huntington. Jarnagin, Mangum, Miller, Morehead,
Peaice, Phelps, Portei, liives, Simmons, Upham, White,
and Woodbridge—26
Mr. BARROW objected to the third reading at
this time.
The CHAIR overruled the objection.
The resolution was then read by its title.
Mr. BARROW inquired if it had been engrossed.
The CHAIR said it was engrossed; and taking
the resolution from the Secretary, held it up in the
face of the Senate.
Mr. ARCHER hoped no objection would be
made by his friend from Louisiana to taking the
question at this time. They had fought it manful-
ly, but in vain; and no good could come out of fur-
ther opposition. ^
VThe joint resolution was then passed, as fol-
lows:
JOJNT RESOLUTION declaring the terms on which Con-
/ gress will admit Texas into the tmon as a State.
Be it resolved by the Senate and House of Representatives of
the United States of Jlmei ica in Congress assembled, That
Congress doth consent that the territory properly included
within, and rightfully belon^inc; to the republic of Texas,
may be erected into a new State", to be called the State of
Texas, with a republican form of government, to be adopted
by the people of said republic, by deputies m convention
assembled, with the consent of the existing government, in
order that the same may be admitted as one of the States of
this Union.
Sec. 2. Jlitd be further resolved, That the foregoing con-
sent of Congress is given upon the following conditions,
and with the following guaranties, to wit:
