COKGRMONAL GLO&E.
m
£9, after line 710, by inserting:, "for compensation
to J. Pemberton -Hutchinson, for diplomatic services
at Lisbon, §9,900."
Mr. EVANS objected to the amendment.
Mr. ARCHER supported it, aa in conformity with
the practice of the government in similar cases.
Mr. BATES inquired, if that was the case, why it
had not been paid.
Mr. ARCHER replied that a special act of Con-
gress was^equired in each case.
Mr. BATES. Why put it in an appropriation
bill ? Why not leave it for a special act?
Mr. ARCHER. Precedents of this mode may
be found in many appropriation bills heretofore
passed.
Mr. CRITTENDEN asked what authority con-
suls had to act as charges des affaires ?
Mr. ARCHER explained that a charge d'affaires
leaving his mission has to appoint some American
citizen to take care of the correspondence of the gov-
ernment; and, if there is no secretary of legation, the
practice is to confide the duty to the American con-
Sill.
Mr. CRITTENDEN only wanted to do right.
Mr. PEARCE. Did this government recognise
him as its correspondent?
| {Mr. ARCHER. My impression is it must have
done so, from the nature of the correspondence,
which is voluminous and important.
Mr. EVANS objected to this encouragement of
yearly applications for self-imposed services.
Mr. HUNTINGTON objected to its introduction
into an appropriation bill. It ought to stand on its
merits as o private claim, and be reported upon by
one of the committees.
Mr. ARCHER. There is abundant evidence of
the justice of the claim. Knowing it to be just,
why, on the mure plea of want of formality, reject
it?
Mr. BUCHANAN bore testimony to the pains
with which the claim had been investigated by the
Committee on Foreign Relations. It was thought
just to remunerate Mr. Hutchinson for diplomatic
services as consul.
The question was then taken, and the amendment
was adopted—ayes 19, noes 17. •
Mr. JOHNSON moved to amend the bill in the
4th page after the 91st line, by inserting a provision
that the clerks in the New Orleans custom-house b#
paid arrears of salary from 1833 to 1837, being the
difference between what they then received and what
they received last year, so as to equalize their pay
to that of the clerks in the custom-houses of New
York, Philadelphia, and Boston.
Mr. EVANS. What will the appropriation
amount to ?
Mr. JOHNSON. I will read what the Commit-
tee of the House of Representatives said about it.
Mr. EVANS. That cannot be authority here—
it will throw no light on the subject.
Mr. JOHNSON. If it is objected to, I may read
it as part of my speech.
Mr. EVANS. Without urging my objection, I
Kay the report will throw no light oil the justice of
the claim.
'1 he Secretary of the Senate was allowed to read
the report, and proceeded with H for half an hour,
until it was manifest all the senators piesent were
engaged in conversation about something else;
u hen
Mr. ARCHER rose and said: Mr. President, I
Miggo.it to the honorable senator from Louisiana
that, inasmuch as nobody is listening to the report-—
for 1 looked round before I rose to make the re-
mark—I put it to Ins courtesy and candor to say,
is there any use in delaying the business of the Sen-
ate by going through with it?
Mr. JOHNSON. Sufficient has been read to
prove the merits of the claim.
Mr. EVANS. The whole thing is wrong. The
< ieiksgot the salaries they were entitled to, and all
they had a right to expect. It was nothing but a
distribution of so much money to them. If such
tilings have been done heretofore any where, it was
wrong to do it, and it is now high time to put a stop
to it. Talk of arrear.\! What arrears were due to
these clerks? They got all they had a right to, and
should get no more.
Mr. JOHNSON. Thejduties at I\ew Orleans are
heavier and more onerous than in New York; why
not pay the cleiks there as well as in theother great
commercial cities?
Mr. EVANS. Because, if wrong has been done
heretofore, it is no reason we should persist in do-
iu°- it still. They have no claim whatever. !
Mr. CRITTENDEN read the provisions of the
existing law governing the case, which prohibit
extra allowances to clerks in custom-house3, be-
yond their fixed salaries.
The amendment was rejected.
Mr. MILLER moved to amend the bill in the
24th page, after line 587, by inserting an appropria-
tion of $30,000 for the purchase or construction of
a free bridge across the eastern branch of the Poto-
mac, above the navy-yard.
Mr. CRITTENDEN hoped his friend would
withdraw the amendment. It might, with as much
reason, be proposed to buy up the roads in the
District.
Mr. HUNTINGTON. Has not the House in-
definitely postponed the bill for this very purpose?
Mr. MILLER. No; the bill was only laid on
the table in the House. The District of Columbia
never can get anything unless through the appro-
priation bills.. As to purchasing a bridge, where
was the difference between that and purchasing any
other property necessary for the government?
Mr. EVANS. Let the matter stand on the spe-
cial bill now in the other House. It can be taken
up any moment the House isdi posed to act upon it.
The amendment was rejected.
At half-past 4 o'clock,
Mr. ALLEN moved the Senate to take a recess.
"No, no," from'various quarters of the Senate.
Mr. EVANS. There is no occasion for a recess;
we will be done in half «n hour. The motion can-
not be entertained while a bill is undergoing amend-
ment.
Mr. ARCHER moved to amende the bill in the
29th page, by inserting an appropriation of #1,450
for compensation to Arthur Middleton for diplomatic
services in Spain. It was a case similar to that al-
ready adopted.
Mr. EVANS. As this is a similar case, it may
go in now. When the bill is reported, both cases
can be acted on.
The amendment was adopted.
Mr. HANNEGAN moved to strike out the eighth
section, which is—
"That from and uitiT tIn* :10th June, 181.,, the mileage of
members and delegates of the House of Representatives and
Senators shall be computed by the nearest mail route Irom
tin- scat ofeineuiment to tlieir respective post offices, to be
ascertuinad from the books of thf Post Office Department."
Mr. BERRIEN called for the yeas and nays.
Mr. CRITTENDEN—alluding to the fact
this was a matter of modification of other laws—
the hist place he should expect to find it was in an ap-
propriation bill. What is an appropriation bill? It
is merely a bill to provide for the payment of mon-
ey tor the ordinary purposes of the government.
And here is a provision introduced foreign to the
character of the bill—a provision regulating the
mileage of members of Congress. It might, with
just as much propriety, undertake to regulate the
salaries of judges.
iV1r. BUCHANAN remarked that he lived so
near Ihe seat of government that he had no person-
al interest in this mutter; but it was one ill which
the whole country was interested. 'I here were
many considerations why the existing law should
not be interfered with in this way. Western and
southern members coming from great distances
have many inconveniences "in coming here which
those near at hand me not subject to. They have
to^ leave their families and to neglect their own
affairs at home. This was n small affair, and seemed
an improper attack individually upon members of
Congress.
Mr. ARCHER concurred with the senator from
Kentucky as to the impropriety of this clause in an
appropriation bill. Whilst he should vote,for strik-
ing it out, he wished to he understood as doing so
not for the same reasons urged by the senator iiom
Pennsylvania, lie iegnrded the present mode, of
calculating mileage as u great abuse, and therefore
was favorable to a reform of that abuse; but not of
doing it in this irregular way.
Mr. BERRIEN withdrew his call for the yeas
and nays.
Mr. SEVIER explained what did not seem to
be understood by those who were so anxious for
the reform of this item of mileage. He would take
his own case; he lived in a portion of Arkansas
where, by the mail route, nothing but a horse mail
could travel; and if he was to come to the seat of
government by that route he should have to come
without a trunk, and he presumed it was not ex-
pected a member was to do that. In order to bring*
his trunk or anything he had to carry for his own
that
said
use, he was necessarily compelled to take a suitable
route and come by steamboat the greater part of the
way. Many other members were similarly situa-
ted.
Mr. HANNEGAN asked if any abuse of the ex-
isting law could be pointed out. The terms of the
law are, that mileage should be calculated by the
distance of the usually travelled route. Now, in
what instance was there an abuse of these provi-
sions? . But he could tell the senator from Virginia
of a real abuse—and a very serious abuse in the
two Houses: it was in the absence of those drawirg
their money for daily attendance and services they
did not perform. [Mr. Benton, from his seat.
Non-attendance, sir, non-attendance is the abuse.]
The great abuse, and that loudly ealling for reform,
was the daily absence of members from their seats;
not the mere mileage on fifty or sixty miles in travel-
ling to the seat of government.
The motion prevailed, and it was agreed that the
section should be stricken out.
MEXICAN INDEMNITIES. -
Mr. BENTON moved to amend the bill by in-
serting the following clause:
For paying the April and July instalments of the Mexi
can indemnities due in 1844, $276,001); Provided, It shall be
ascertained, to the satisfaction of the Ameriean govern-
ment, that said instalments have been paid by the Mexican
government to the agent appointed by the United States to
lecture the same.
In support of his motion Mr. B. read the follow-
ing paragraph from Mr. Shannon's official despatch
of the 21st of September last, to show that the in-
stalments referred to had been paid to the United
States agent in Mexico on the 27th day of August
last:
"The instalments which fell clue on the 30th of April and
30th of July last, under the convention of the 30th January-
's, were paid to the agent of the government appointed to
receive and transmit the same, on the 27th ultimo. I am in-
clined to believe that this government will hereafter be
more prompt in meeting its engagements under the above-
named treaty than it has heretofore been; and if it should
turn out otherwise, it will be owing to a real inability to
raise the means. I am advised that it was with the utmost
difficulty that this government was able to raise the money
to pay the two last instalments The truth is, there is no
money ill the treasury; and the large military establishment
kept up by the government, and which must be paid, ab-
sorbs the revenues as fast as they come in. But, as Santa
Anna is desirous to avoid a rupture at this time with the
United States, 1 am inclined to think that every exertion
will be mode on the part of this government to meet the fu-
tme instalments as they become due."
Mr. B. said this was an authentic declaration to
our government that the money had been paid six
months ago to the United States agent, and in con-
formity to it official notice was given by the Depart-
ment of State, immediately on the receipt of Mr.
Shannon's letter, that such was the fact; but on ap-
plying at the treasury, the claimants were informed
that nothing had been remitted, and this continues
to be the answer up to the present day. In conse-
quence of this disappointment, a call had been made
upon the President, at the instance of the claimants,
for nil the information in relation to these payments;
and in answering that call, the President had com-
municated the letter of Mr. Shannon just quoted,
stating the payment six months ngo, and also a let-
ter from Mr. Benjamin E. Green, dated in this city,
on the 25th of January last, to rebut the letter of
Mr. Wilson, by saying that the payment on the
97th of August was made by giving orders on an
empty treasury, which were not paid when pre-
sented. To this letter of Mr. Benjamin E. Green,
Mr. B. said that there were three or four different
answers to be given, each of which invalidated it.
In the first place, Mr. Shannon affirms positively,
twenty-five days after payment, that it was made in
money, and with money raised with great difficulty
and m order to avoid any difficulty with the United
States. This was a statement totally at variance
with a fictitious payment, by an order on an
empty treasury. This was one answer. Another
was that Mr. Shannon wrote another letter early in
ISovember to give notice to the government that the
instalment due on the 30th of October had not been
paid, and saying nothing about those of April and
July, and this m a letter full of complaints against
the Mexican government. This prompt communi-
cation of the non-payment of the October instalment
without suggesting or stating any failure to pay the
two previous ones, or any mistake in his letter, was
full proof that, up to that time, which was upwards
of two months after the alleged payment of the two
previous instalments, he had not heard of any
mistake or default about these two payments
Another answer was, that the letters from Mr'
Shannon were continued down to the 9th of Jan^
