370
CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
The SPEAKER put the question on seconding
the demand for the ye^s and nays, and they were
ordered* and being taken, resulted thus—yeas 82,
nays 107.
So the House refusad to suspend to go into Com-
mittee of the Whole.
RHODE ISLAND AFFAIR®.
The report of Mr. Burke, from the select com-
mittee on the memorial of certain democratic mem-
bers of the legislature of Rhode Island, made at the
last session of CoDgress, and concluding with a
series of resolutions, was announced by the Speaker
as the first business regularly in order during the
morning hour, and on this Mr. Elmer was entitled
to the floor.
Mr. C. J. INGERSOLL called for the regular
order of business. He inquired of the Speaker how
long the morning hour lasted. [Laughter.]
The SPEAKER replied one hour from this time.
It wanted now five minutes of 1 o'clock.
Mr. ELMER having taken, the floor,
Mr. RATHBTJN appealed to him to move the
.reference of this subject to the Committee of the
"Whole on the state of the Union, so as to enable
them to proceed to other business.
Mr. ELMER not pressing his right to the floor
for debate, complied with the request, moving the
reference accordingly, and moving the previous
question thereon.
The SPEAKER said the previous question, if
sustained, would cut off the motion to refer, and
bring the House to a direct vote on the resolutions.
Mr. ELMER withdrew the motion.
Mr. CAVE JOHNSON and Mr. STEENROD
appealed to the gentleman to move to lay the sub-
ject on the table.
Other suggestions were made to postpone the sub-
ject.
Mr. ELMER finally concluding not to waive his
right to the floor, proceeded with his remarks.
Mr. Elmer said this question had come up un-
expectedly and suddenly; and it was ccrtainly not
a little awkward to be called on to finish a speech
to-day which was commenced nearly two months
ago; and besides, he was afflicted, as the House
would peiccive, with a hoarseness, which almost de-
prived him of the physical power of speaking. The
importance of the questions involved, however, for-
bade that he should suffer them to be passed upon
without further discussion.
In continuing his remarks, (which may be here-
after reported more at length,) Mr. E. proceeded to
remark that the committee, in announcing their first
proposition, affirming the natural equality of men,
had actually narrowed the great principle announced
in the declaration ofindependence, that "all men are
created equal," to a very different proposition, viz:
that "all free men, when they form the social com-
pact, are equal." For his part, he held to the great
truth for which our revolutionary fathers fought and
bled, that all men are created equal, be they black or
white; and that all men have a right to be free.
The general truth announced in the three first
resoluiions, that the people are the true source of all
government, and have a light to alter, reform, or
abolish such government as they suppose will best
promote their happiness, was not disputed. Much
discussion had taken place upon the question, who
constituted the people, and have this right. In his
(Mr. E.'s) judgment, the people, in theory, n*e all
men, high and low, rich and poor, wise and simple,
black and white. Practically, however, and, in-
deed, in the very nature of things, and by providen-
tial arrangements which no resolutions or paper
constitutions cun supersede, the people thus entitled
io govern themselves are only those people, or that
part of the people, who have the intellectual, the
moral, and the physical capacity to carry on the
government. So it has been from the beginning o
the world, and so it will be to the end of time.
Eveiy attempt of the body of people not prepared
for it to establish a free government has failed, and
must continue to fail.
The committee, having announced certain general
principles, proceed with resolutions affirming that
the constitution said to have been adopted by the
people of Rhode Island in 1841, (by the movement,
he added, of Mr. Dorr,) was lawfully adopted. In
his (Mr. E.'s) judgment, this proposition was
founded upon the assumption of a false principle,
viz.: upon the principle that a constitution might be
legally adopted, and supersede a government alrea-
dy in existence, without, and even against, the con-
sent of that government. This. principle Mr. E.
emphatically denied, and insisted that it involved a
contradiction in terms. It is admitted that the peo-
ple are supreme. They are the source of power,
and have a perfect right to set up, alter, ana over-
throw their own government. But this they can
only do legally, by means of a process prescribed in
the constitution itself, or by authority of laws en-
acted by authority of the legislative power of gov-
ernment.
When a people establish a government with
general powers—that is, such a government as is
instituted in all our States, not like the government
of the United States, having only such powers as
are expressly granted, but haying all power not.
actually denied or restrained—such government, in
the very nature of things, is intrustea by the people
themselves with the power of self-preservation, and,
of course, with the power of declaring what shall
constitute treason, the very element of which crime
consists in a forcible attempt to overthrow the gov-
ernment. In any legal .sense, there is no such thing
as treason against "the people."
But the committee seem to suppose that, if the
people are admitted to have a right to supersede
their government, this must necessarily be a legal
right. How can an act be legal (Mr. E. asked) which
is authorized by no law either prescribed by the
constitution or by the legislative .power? This
question (Mr. E. went on to say) was by no means
unimportant, or without any practical application.
The documents appended to the report of the com-
mittee show that, if a majority of the people of
Rhode Island really did vote in favor of the Dorr
constitution, (which is at best doubtful,) they did it
under the unfounded impression that the mere act
of voting for it would supersede, and put an end to,
the existing government; and that, when that gov-
ernment, denying both the legality of the proceed-
ings and the fact that a fair majority of the people
had adopted that constitution, it resisted the actions
of the officers claiming to act under it; and Mr. Dorr
took up arms, and all the officers and the members
of both branches of his legislature resigned their
offices, and refused to support him. If there was a
majority on Dorr's side up to this time, it is very
certain that there was afterwards a large majority
against him.
Mr. E. went on to deny that there was any com-
petent evidence before the House to show whether
a majority of the people did, or did not, adopt the
Dorr constitution. In fact, there never was, and in
the nature of things there could not be, any legal
evidence on the question, either on one side or the
other. No law had prescribed how, or when, or
where, the votes should be taker.; and there neither
was, nor could be, any legal authority to judge
whether those only voted who were invited to do so
by the convention. No oaths of office were taken
by the persons who took and returned the votes.
In point of fact, it appears that one person was al-
lowed to vote for another, upon merely producing a
writing purporting to be signed by the person whose
vote was offered, without any proof that the person
thus voting ever saw the paper, or was in the limits
of the State, or alive. Some five thousand votes of
this kind were taken; and well might Mr. Atwell,
one of Dovs original and active supporters, declare,
as he did on the floor of the Rhode Island legislature,
that he doubted whether a majority of the people
had voted for the constitution.
Well might this House pause, then, (said Mr.
E.,) before it undertook thus to decide upon doubt-
ful facts, which it did not belong to this body to de-
cide; with which, in fact, they had nothing to do;
and the decision of which, either one way or the
other, can produce no result. And especially should
they pause before they adopted principles which, it
carried out, would utterly subvert all government,
and would authorize the people of this District to
meet in convention and establish their own govern-
ment, and turn the Congress of the United States,
neck and heels, out of the doors of their own halls.
One of the resolutions censures the President for
his interference in this matter. This interference, so
far as it went, Mr. E. defended as authorized by the
constitution of the United States, and as having been
exercised in this case with proper forbearance and
discretion. He quoted that part of section four of
article four, which declares that the United States
shall protect each State, "on application of the legis-
lature, or of the executive when the k*gislatuie can-
not be convened, against domestic violence;" and
the act of Congress prescribing the manner in which
the President shall carry into effect that provision of
the constitution. He insisted that the "domestic vio-
lence" here referred to, was any violence attempted by
the peqpIe,or any_part of them,against the existing
' i i ' <f _l . "gcuiios, uio
laws of a State. This was a grant of power, by
the people themselves, to the general government,
which took away from these same people the right'
of revolution; or, in other words, required that rev-
olution to be strong enough, not only to overcome
the physical and legal power of the State govern-
ment, but the power of the general government alstf.'
The constitution-of the United States recognises the
charter government of Rhode Island as "a republi-
can government," having power to protect itself
from alteration or violence in any shape.
The last resolution of the committee undertakes
to censure Mr. Pitman, (United States judge "in
Rhode Island,) and other citizens of Rhode Island,
who held offices under) the general government, for
their interference with arms m support of the State
government. No complaint is made that, in thus
acting, they were using any of their official powers.
Surely (said Mr. E.) this House will never sanction
such an attempt to scrutinize and condemn the con-
duct of any man, in his capacity as a citizen of a
State, upon the ground that he was, at the same "
time, an officer of the general government. His
holding such an office does not supersede, nor in any
wise interfere with, his rights or duties as a citizen
of the State. Mr. E. concluded by remarking, that
ho was anxious not unnecessarily to detain the
House at this late hour of the session, and by apol-
ogizing for the desultory character of his remarks,
which would finil their excuse in the peculiar cir-
cumstances in which he was compelled to make
them.
Mr. WILLIAMS made a brief address in reply
to Mr. E.—contending that the people were the sov-
ereign power, and that they had the inalienable right
to alter, abolish, or amend their form of govern-
ment, at their will and pleasure; and that govern-
ments could only rightfully exist by the consent of
he governed.
The morning hour having expired, the gentleman
was cut o(T in the midst of his remarks.
Mr. HAMMETT inquired what the regular or-
der of business was now.
The SPEAKER replied that it was the bills, res-
olutions, &c., on the Speaker's table, (amongst
which was the resolution for the annexation of
Texas.)
Mr. HAMMETT hoped the House would pro-
ceed with the regular order of business.
Mr. BARNARD said there were yet several ap-
propiiation bills which had not been acted upon;
and, amongst others, were the bills making appro-
priations for the army and navy for the next fiscal
year. For the purpose of disposing of those bills,
ne moved a suspension of the rules, tlmt the House
might resolve itself into Committee of the Whole
on the state of the Union; and on that motion he
called for the yeas and nays.
The yeas and nays were ordered; and, being ta-
ken, resulted thus—yeas 58, nays 113.
So the motion was rejected.
The SPEAKER then announced that the busi-
ness in order was the executive communications
and other, matters on the Speaker's table; and he an-
nounced "a communication from the President of
the United States.1'
Mr. WINTHROP rose and called the attention
of the Chair to the rule, which said that, after the
expiration of the morning hour, a motion may be
made that the House do now proceed to dispose of
the business on the Speaker's table.
Mr. C. J. INGERSOLL said he would remove
the difficulty by making such amotion.
The motion was agreed to.
The SPEAKER then laid before the House a
communication from the President of the United
States, in answei to a lesolution from the House,
calling for the correspondence which has passed be-
tween this government and that of Mexico in rela-
tion to the claims of our citizens for indemnities;
and it was referred to the Committee on Foreign
Affairs.
The SPEAKER next announced a communica-
tion from the Treasury Department.
Mr. BARNARD said they had received one com-
munication, and therefore it was competent for him
to move that the rules be suspended, that the House
might resolve itself into Committee of the Whole
on the state of the Union; and he made such a mo-
tion. [Loud cries of "Order," "Go on with the
business "<!?r.c.^
The SPEAKER decided that the House had
agreed to dispose of the business on the.Speaker's
