372
CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
-nut1
which the House had ordered the consideration of
the bills on the Speaker's table, but withdrew for a
moment at the suggestion of sfeveral gentlemen.
The remaining bills frota- the Senate lying on the
Speaker's table were severally taken up, twice read,
and appropriately referred; with the exception of
the bill for the relief of Mrs. Mary W. Thompson,
which, on motion of Mr. RATHBUN, was read a
third time, and passed.
. . ANNEXATION AGAIN.
Mr WELLER moved that the rules be suspend-
ed, and the House resolve itself into a Committee of
the Whole on the state of the Union for the purpose
of taking up the amendment of the Senate to the
Texas bill.
The motion being agreed to, the House resolved
itself into Committee of the Whole on the state of
the Union, (Mr. C. Johnson in the chair.)
Mr. WELLER moved that the committee take
up the Joint resolution for the annexation of Texas
to the Union, with the amendment of the Senate.
Mr.-WfNTHROP asked if there was no busi-
ness before the committee which had the precedence.
If so, the Texas resolution could not be taken up
till that business was postponed.
Mr. BARNARD inquired if the appropriation
bills had not the precedence under a rule of the
House.
The CHAIR replied in the affirmative.
Mr. BARNARD then moved that the committee
take up the army appropriation bill: rejected without
a division.
Mr. BARNARD then moved that the committee,
take up the nav.y appropriation bill, and called for
tellers on the motion.
Tellers were ordered; and Messrs Winthkop, and
Stewart of Connecticut, were appointed, who, on
taking the vote, reported—ayes 52, noes 99.
The question recurred on tailing up thejoint res-
olution for the annexation of Texas to the Union,
with the amendments of the Senate, and it was de-
cided in the affirmative.
The amendment of the Senate having been read,
Mr. WELLER moved that the committee rise.
Mr. PEYTON offered an amendment.
The CHAIR said it was not in order, there being
a motion pending.
Mr. RAYNER asked if it was in order to move
to amend the motion of the gentleman from Ohio,
by adding the words, "and report the bill to the
House.
The CHAIR said it would not be in order.
The question was then put on Mr. Weixer's
motion, and it being decided in the affirmative, the
committee rose and reported progress.
Mr. JAMESON then submitted a resolution that
all debate on the joint resolution in Committee of
the Whole shall cease in five minutes after the same
shall again be taken up in Committee of the Whole,
and that the committee should then proceed to vote
upon the amendments pending, and that might be
offered; after which ii should report the resolution
to the House as amended. Mr. J. moved the pie-
vious question on this resolution, which was sec-
onded, and the main question ordered.
Mr. BARNARD called for the yeas and nays;
which were ordered.
The main question, being on the adoption of Mr.
Jameson's resolution, was then put, and decided m
the affirmative—yeas 128, nays 51.
On motion by Mr. WELLER, the rules were sus-
pended, and the House again resolved itself into a
Committee of the Whole on the state of the Union,
Mr. C. Johnson in the chair, and resumed the con-
sideration of the joint resolution for the annexation
of Texas to the Union, together with the amend-
ment of the Senate.
Mr. DROMGOOLE obtained the floor for the
five minutes allowed for debate, and said before he
commenced the remarks which he designed to offer
to the committee, he desired to inquire if it was ne-
cessary that he should make a motion to entitle him
to make a speech.
The CHAIRMAN satd the amendment of the
Senate was before the committee, and the gentleman
could speak on that.
Mr. SCHENCK rose and was about to make
some remark-
Mr. DROMGOOLE said he hoped the gentleman
from Ohio would not interrupt him.
Mr. SCHENCK hoped the five minutes would
be divided between him and the gentleman from Vir-
ginia.
Mr. DROMGOOLE said the gentleman had had
as much of it as could be allowed him, and he
could not be allowed to have any more. [A voice,
"Oh, give him two and a half."] He thought jest-
ing had gone far enough.
Mr. RAYNER inquired if the resolutions had
been taken up by the committee.
The CHAIRMAN replied that they had.
Mr. DROMGOOLE said he was about to say that
an extraordinary effort had been made to defeat this
great proposition; but it had been sent to, and was
returned from the Senate, and he begged to call the
attention of the committee to the source from which
the intimation had come, on which the gentlemen
opposite were here acting.
He begged to read from the National Intelligen-
cer. He was proceeding tq read the following pass-
age from the Intelligencer of this morning, when he
was called to order:
"Our readers must not fall into the error of supposing
that this decision by the Senate settles the Texas question.
It unsettles it, on the contrary, apparently beyond the pos-
sibility ofits being 'determined at the present session of
Congress. .Itis hardly possible that the House of Repre-
sentatives, with one-halt of all the business of the session in
its hands untouched, can again reach a question which,
once taken up, will leave for other business no remainder
of the session. But, should the question ht  readied, it is
still less within the compass of probability that the amend-
ment made by the Senate will receive the sanction of the
House. The joint resolution passed by chance: that chance
can hardly again recur.
"We could have wished, indeed, that the sanctity of the
constitution, and the rights of the Senate, had been vindica-
ted by that body itself; but there is consolation in the re-
flection that, in the checks and balances of the government,
and especially of each House of Congress upon the other,
a compensation is sometimes happily to be found, and may
be hoped to be found in this case, for the confusion of the
senses under which bodieff even so elevated as the Senate
of the United States sometimes stray from the path of right
and duty."
Mr. WETHERED called the gentleman to order.
Mr. W1NTHROP also rose to a question of or-
der. He believed it was the rule in the House not
to allude to what had taken place in committee, and
he also believed it was not in order in committee
to allude to what had taken place in the House.
Mr. GARRETT DAVIS also rose to a point of
order.
Mr. DROMGOOLE said that was not in order,
as there was already one question of order pend-
%dr. WINTHROP reiterated his point of order.
Mr. DROMGOOLE said when he was out of or-
der, and was called to order by the Chair, he would
submit.
Mr. SCHENCK called upon the gentleman from
"Virginia to take his seat, aucn, he understood, being
the requirements of the rule when a gentleman was
called to order.
Mr. DROMGOOLE said he had not yet been de-
cided to be out of order.
Some further conversation ensued, and then Mr.
Dromgoole surrendered the floor.
Mr. PEYTON submitted an amendment to pro-
vide that, in the terms of the admission of Texas,
it should be stipulated that that part which lies
south of 36° 30', commonly known as the compro-
mise line, should be admitted as free or slave States,
as the people of such States may determine when
they apply to be admitted into the Union; and, fur-
thermore, that it shall be also stipulated and de-
clared that the public debt of Texas shall in no
event become a charge on the United States.
Mr. JAMESON remarked that that was already
provided for in the resolutions.
Mr. PEYTON called for tellers; and they were
ordered; and Messrs. Burke and Winthrop were
appointed; and they reported 39 in the affirmative,
and 98 in the negative.
So the amendment was rejected.
Mr. SAMPLE then offered an amendment, which
was not heard distinctly, but it was understood to
provide that one of the terms of admission should
oe the freedom of the territory of Texas from
Blavery.
The vote on the amendment was taken by
Messrs WiNTHROr and G. W. Jokes, tellers, who
reported 37 m the affirmative, and 87 in the nega-
tive.
So the amendment was rejected.
Mr. SAMPLE then ofiored an amendment as a
proviso, to fix as a basis of admission of Texas, /
that the territory should be equally divided into free/
and slave States. N
On this the vote was 35 in the affirmative) and 93
in the negative.
Mr. HARDIN offered an amendment to provide
that in no event shall the debt ofTexas be a chatge
on the government of the United States.
It was rejected—31 in the affirmative, and 101 in
the negative.
Mr. BARNARD offered an amendment to strike
out certain words, the effect of which would be to
deprive the President of the discretion given to him
in the resolution to negotiate on Mr. M. Browns
or Mr. Benton's plan, as he may think proper.
Mr. J. P. KENNEDY offered an amendment,
the precise purport of which was not heard. -
It was rejected—31 in the affirmative, and 90 in
the negative.
Mr. GIDDINGS moved an amendment to the
amendment of ,the Senate, to add a proviso to - the
second clause, that' all the negotiations be made on
the express understanding that, in fixing the ratio
of representation in Congress, no State hereafter to
be formed out of the territory included in the bounda-
ries ofTexas shall include other than the free popu-
lation therein: rejected.
Mr. SCHENCK moved an amendment to the
amendment, in the form of a proviso at the same
place, that this annexation and cession do not take
effect unless some of the territory ceded by the re-
public of Texas shall be found to lie north of 36
degrees 30 minutes of north latitude.
Mr. S. asked for tellers; which were ordered.
The question was taken, and the amendment was
rejected—ayes 34, noes 87. • r
The question being on concurring in the amend-
ment of the Senate, it was taken, and decided m the
affirmative without a division.
The committee then rose, and reported the amend-
ment to the House.
The question then being on- concurring in the
amendment of the Senate reported from the com-
mittee,
Mr. HOGE, successful above many other com-
petitors for the floor, moved the previous question.
The demand for the previous question was sec-
onded, and the main question was ordered.
Mr. BRODHEAD, and other gentlemen, asked
for the yeas and nays on the main question; which
were ordered.
The question was then taken, and decided in the
affirmative—yeas 132, nays 76, as follows:
YEAS—Messis. Anderson, Arrington, Atkinson, Bayly,
Belter, Benton, Bidlack, EdwajdJ. Block, James Black,
James A. Black, Blackwell, Bowliu, Boyd, Brinkerhofl",
Broadhead, AaronV. Brown, William J.Biown, Burke. Burt,
Caldwell, Carpenter, Jeremiah E. Gary, Shepard Cary,
(Jatlin, Reuben Chapman, Augustus A. Chapman, Chappell.
Clinton, Cobb, Coles, Cross, Cullom, Dana, Daniel, John
\V. Davis, Dawson, Dean, Dellet, Dillmgham, Doug-
lass, Dromgoole, Duncan. Dunlap, Ellis, Farlee, Ficklin,
Foster, French, Fuller, Hannibal Hamlin, Hammett, Haral-
son, Hays, Henley, Herrick, Holmes, Hoge, Houston, Hu-
?jard, flubheil, Hughes, Hungeiford, James B. Hunt, Charles
J. Ingevsoll, Jameson, Cave Johnson, Andrew Johnson,
GeoigeW Jones, Anarcw Kennedy, Preston King, Kirk-
patrick, Labranche, Leonaid, Lucas, Lumpkin,, Lyon, Mc-
Cuuslen, Maclay, MoClolland, McClernand,McConnell, Mc-
Dowell, McKay, Joseph Morris, Isaac E. Morse, Murphy,
Noms, Owen, Parmenter, Payne, Emery D. Potter, Piatt,
lurdy, Itathlmn, David S. ReiO, Reding, Ilelfe, Rhett,
Kilter, Roberts, Hobir^on, Bubiiell, St. John, Saunders.
Thomas H. Seymour, DavidL-Se>moui, Simons, Simpson,
Slidell, John T. Smith, "ihomasj&mjth, llobeit Smith, Sleen-
rod Stetson, John Stewait, Stilps, James W. Stone, Alfied
P. Stone, Strong, Sykes, Taylor, Thompson, Tibbatts,
Tucker, WeJler, Wentwortli, Wheaton, Benjamin White,
Williams, Woodward, Joseph A. Wright, Yancey, and
Yost- m.
NAYS—Messrs. Abbot, Adams, Ashe, Baker, Barringer,
Bernard, Brengle, Milton Brown, Jeremiah Brown, Buffing-
ton, Caxroll, C.iusin, Chilton, Clinch, Chngman, Collamer,
Cranston, Darragh, Gairett Davis, Richard D. Davis, Deber-
ry, Dickey, Fish, Florence, Foot, Giddings, Goggin, Willis
Green, Grinnell, Grider, Hale, Edward S. Hamlin, Hardin,
Harper, Hudson, Washington Hunt, irvin, Jenks, Perley B.
Johnson, John P Kennedy, Daniel P, King, Mcllvaine,
Marsh, Edward Joy Morris, Freeman H. Morse, Moseley,
Newton, Paterson, Peyton, Plicenix, Pollock, ElishaR. Pot-
ter, Preston, Ramsey, Kayner, Charles M. Reed, Rockwell,
Itodney, Roger.*, Sample, Schenck, Senter, Severance,
Albert Smith, Caleb B. Smith, Spenee, Andrew Stewart,
Summers, Tilden, Tyler, Vance. Vanmeter, Vinton, Weth-
ered, John White, Wmthrop, and William Wright—76.
So the amendment of the Senate was"concurred
in.
Mr. McCONNELL moved to reconsider the vote;
and on this demanded the previous question.
The demand for the previous question was seconded;
the main question was ordered; and being taken,
,-was decided in the negative.
Thus the joint resolution "/or annexing Texas to the
United States" is finally passed, and awaits only the
signature of the President to become a law.
Mr. McKAY moved that the House resolve itself
into a Committee of the Whole on the state of the
Union.
