CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
37S
Mr. WETHERED moved that the House ad-
journ: rejected.
The motion of Mr. McKay was agreed to, and
the House resolved itself into Committee of the
Whole on the state of the Union, (Mr. Duncan in
the chair.)
Mr. McKAY moved that the committee take up
the naval appropriation bill; which motion was
agreed to.
The bill being read,
Mr.'SLIDELL offered an amendment providing
that the appointments of midshipmen shall hereafter
be made in due proportion from the se.veral States
and Territories; and
After some remarks from Mr. Brinkerhoff in
favor of the motion, it was agreed to.
Mr. PARMENTER offered an amendment pro-
viding that no further appointments shall be made
ofthegrade of commander, til! the number is re-
duced to 65; after which, there shall not be a greater
number of commanders than 65 in the service. This
was agreed to.
The section making appropriations for pay, being
read,
Mr. C. JOHNSON moved to strike out the pro-
vision for the pay of the chief engineer, there
being no such officer authorized dy law.
Mr. McKAY made some remarks in opposition
to the motion; and, after some further conversation,
the motion was waived for the present.
On motion by Mr. McKAY, the bill was further
amended by increasing the appropriation for the
salary of the naval storekeeper at Memphis, Ten-
nessee, from $1,250 to $1,5(10; whieli was agreed to.
Mr. J. A. BLACK offered an amendment making
an appropriation of $11,800 for tilt-hammer and
machinery ill the anchor-whop of the Washington
navy-yard.
Mr. PRATT offered some remarks in opposition
to the amendment.
Mr. Black's amendment was rejected.
Some conversation ensued respecting that amend-
ment, in which Messrs. HOLMES, PRATT,
McKAY, J. A. BLACK, and others took part.
Mr. POLLOCK moved that tho committee rise ;
on which the vote was 32 in the affirmative, and 6(i
in the negative ; no quorom voting.
The committee rose and reported that fact to the
House.
Mr. HALE moved that when the House adjourn,
it adjourn to meet to-morrow morning at 10 o'clock ;
which was agreed to
Mr. RAYNER moved that the House do now
adjourn.
On this motion the yeas ami nays were ordered
and taken, and resulted thus : yeas 21, nays 81; bo
the motion was negatived.
Mr. HAMLIN, advening to the fact of no quo-
rum voting, moved a call of the House ; agreed to.
The roll was called, urul ISM members answered
to their names.
Mr. VINTON moved to dispense with further
proceedings in the call: carried.
Mr. JAMESON moved a resolution to terminate
debate in ten minutes on the bill under considera-
tion m committee, and that the committee then pro-
ceed to vote on the amendments tlmt may be offered,
and report the same, with the amendments agreed to,
to the House.
Mr. RATH BUN moved an amendment, to limit
the time for debate to one minute.
The previous question was asked and seconded,
and the main question was ordered ; and being
taken, the amendment of Mr. K.vrniii'N was re-
jected, and the original resolution was adopted.
Mr. WETHERED moved that the House ad-
journ : rejected.
On motion of Mr. McKAY, the Committee of the
Whole on the state of the Union resumed its ses-
sion, and the consideration of the above bill, appro-
priating for the naval service, (Mr. Duncan, of Ohio,
in the chair.)
The question was again put on the amendment of
Mr. J. A. Black, appropriating $11,SOU for a lilt
hammer for the Washington navy yard anchor
shop; and it was rejected.
Mr. HAMME'fr offered an amendment appro-
priating $75,300 for compensation to the heirs of
Robert fVlton, in full of his claims against the gov-
ernment for inventing floating steam batteries, super-
intending the building of the steam frigate Fulton
&c., &c.
Mr. DROMGOOLE inquired whether the amend
ment was in order.
The CHAIR decided that it was not in ordei,
Mr. E. J. MORRIS offered ah amendment to
itrike out the appropriation for the Washington
'iavy yard, and accompanied his motion with some
remarks; after which he withdrew-it.
Mr. RATHBUN offered an amendment appro-
priating^,000 for building bulk head and sea wall,
and repairs of shores at Sackett's harbor navy, yard:
agreed to.
Mr. McKAY offered a proviso to come in under
the appropriation of $600,000, that $17,202 of the
money shall be appropriated to the building of a
depot for charts and instruments: agreed to.
Mr. HAMMETT then renewed his amendment
making an appropriation for Robert Pulton's heirs as
above stated.
The CHAIR decided it to be out of order.
Mr HAMMETT appealed from the decision of
the Choir; and on taking the question the decision
of the Chair was sustained by the committee.
Mr. ELMER offered an amendment providing
that articles of the growth, produce, and manufacture
of the United States shalL have the preference [in
purchases made for the naval service] when they
can be obtained of proper quality and fair price.
Mr. HOLMES raised the question whether this
amendment was in order.
The CHAIR decided that it was in order.
Mr. D. P. KING offered an amendment to the
amendment, providing for abolishing the spirit
ration, and substituting a commutation of money in
lieu thereof.
On taking the question the amendment to the
amendment was rejected, and the question being put
on tho omendment, it was also rejected.
Mr. HAMLIN offered an amendment to provide
for a serni-anmial inspection of the marine corps,
and an annual report to be made thereon by the Sec-
retary of the Navy: rejected.
Mr. HALE submitted an amendment to repeal
all laws authorizing corporal punishment in the
navy: rejected.
Mr. PARMENTER offered an amendment to
regulate the number of midshipmen in the navy. It
was agreed to.
Several other amendments were offered by Messrs.
PARMENTER, HUNGERFORD, WILLIAM J.
BROWN, REDING, &c.
Mr. PARMENTER offered several by direction
of the Committee on Naval Affairs, of which he is
chairman. One of these, which was agreed to, was
intended to provide that but one purser employed at
navy yards shall, at the same time, be entitled to the
pay paid by law for that service. Another extend-
ed to the marine service the operation of the law re-
cently passed in relation to the enlistment of boys,
and the extension of the time of service.
Other amendments were offered bv Messrs.
D. P. KING and SIMPSON.
A further amendment of Mr. WETHERED
was rejected.
On motion of Mr. HAMMETT, the committee
rose and reported the bill and the amendments
adopted to the House.
Mr. HOUSTON moved the previous question;
which was seconded,
The main question was ordered.
Mr. SAMPLE moved that the House adjourn:
rejected.
Mr. McKAY called for the reading of all the
amendments, that the question might be taken at
once on all those, to which objection was not made.
The suggestion being acquiesced in, all theamend-
ments not hereinafter mentioned were concurred in
en wtajsf.
On the amendment enacting that no further ap-
pointments of commanders in the navy shall be
made until the number is reduced to 65, which shall
not hereafter be increased unless authorized by law,
Mr. HOLMES asked the yeas and nays; which
were refused.
The amendment was agreed to.
The bill was then ordered to be engrossed, read
a third time, and passed.
ARMY APPROPRIATION BILL.
Mr. McKAY asked the consent of the House to
go into Committee of the Whole on the state of
the Union, to take up the army bill, which had been
fully considered some time since and was laid aside
to make room for the army retrenchment bill. It
would take but ten minutes for the debate.
He moved a resolution to terminate debate on this
bill in ten minutes, and moved the previous question.
Mr. E. J. BLACK objected to terminating debate
so soon. If the resolution was pressed, he should
move to adjourn.
The demand for the previous question was sec-
onded, the main question was ordered, and bang
taken, the resolution was agreed to.
Mr. STILES and Mr. HARDIN moved an ad-
journment: rejected.
On motion of Mr. McKAY, the House resolved
ito a Committee of the Whole on the state of the
Union, (Mr. Hamlin of Maine in the chair.)
Mr. HUNGERFORD moved an amendment pro-
viding that, after 1st June next, the one inspector
general shall n#t receive compensation, the office of
the other having, been abolished by act of J84S.
Mr. H. explained the propriety of the amend-
ment.
Mr. McKAY opposed it as unnecessary, pro-
vision on the subject having been made in another
bill.
He referred to the subject of national foundries,
exhibiting the reductions in appropriations proposed
by the bin for this purpose, and vindicating the bill
in this apd other particulars.
Mr. BAKER objected, on a point of order, to the
discussion of this subject on the amendment pend-
The objection was overruled by the Chair.
The allotted time for debate expired.
Mr. LUCAS made made an unsuccessful appeal
to the House to grant him a few moments to reply
to Mr. McK.'s remarks on the subject of national
foundries.
The committee proceeded to vote.
The question was taken, and the amendment of
Mr. Hungerford was rejected.
Mr. McKAY offered an amendment providing
that the three horses for which general officers are
allowed forage, shall be o%oned, and actually kept by
them: agreed to.
Mr. G. DAVIS offered an amendment appropria-
ting $5,000 for barracks and improvements at New-
port, Kentucky: rejected.
Mr. A. C. DODGE offered the following amend-
ment:
For the payment of quartermasters' and subsistence stores
furnished by citizens of Iowa Territory to the militia of said
Territory, called into service in the autumn and winter ot
1838 and 1bsq, and mustered by Lieutenant D. Ruffgles, of
the United States army, under a resolution of the House of
Representatives, three thousand four hundred and eight) -
four dollars.
Mr. McKAY offered an amendment for one of
his colleagues on the Committee of Ways and
Means, which said committee had authorized him
to offer, appropriating ยง2,000 for continuing thfi
meteorological observations under the direction of
the Surgeon General.
Mr. M. said he did not approve of this amend-
ment himself, but offered it for the gentleman who
was instructed to do so, in his absence. This amend-
ment was rejected.
Mr. STILES offered an amendment making an
appropriation of fl 00,000 for the purchase of two
suitable sites, and the commencement of buildings
thereon for national foundries for the fabrication of
arms for the land and naval service, one at North-
ampton county, Pa., and the other at Cass county,
Georgia.
Mr. McKAY raised the question of order that
there was no law authorizing the appropriation.
Mr. STILES replied, and read a law authorizing
the establishment of foundiies.
The CHAIR decided the amendment to be out of
order.
Mr. STILES appealed; but on taking the ques-
tion on the appeal, the decision of the Chair was af-
firmed. \
Mr. STILES offered an amendment appropria-
ting .$2,000 for defraying the expenses of examina-
tion and surveys for the purpose of ascertaining two
suitable sites, one in Pennsylvania, and the other m
Georgia, for national foundiys for the fabrication
of arms for the land and naval service of the United
States.
Mr. BRENGLE moved to amend the amendment
by striking out that part designating the Slates, and
inserting a proviso for the appointment of three com-
missioners to select suitable sites.
This amendment was rejected.
Mr. McCLERNARD offered to amend the
amendment by appropriating $25,000 for purchasing
a site, and commencing the necessary works for a
national foundry at Massac, Illinois.
Mr. McKAY raised the same objection, that the
appropriation was not sanctioned by an existing
law. "
Mr. McCLERNAND said that the appropriation
was sanctioned by law, for there had been an appro-
