a?4
CONGRESSIONAL GLOBfe.
priation made for the surrey and selection of a site;
and the site had actually been selected at Massac.
Mr. M. here read tlie act be referred to.
The CHAIR decided that the amendment was in
order; when .the question was put on it and it was
rejected.
Mr. R. CHAPMAN offered an amendment to the
amendment, by adding after the word "Georgia"
the words "or Alabama."
This amendment was also rejected.
Mr. BIDLACK offered an amendment as a sub-
stitute for Mr. Stiles's amendment,afterwards mod-
ified by him in substance as follows: Authorizing
the President to appoint a board-of commissioners,
consisting of officers of the army, navy, and topo-
graphical engineers, whose duty it shall be to select
two suitable sites for natiqna! foundries.
Mr. COBB raised the question of order.
The CHAIR decided the amendment to be in or-
der; when, in putting the question on it, it was re-
jected.
The question recurring on Mr. Stiles's amend-
ment,
Mr. A. P. STONE moved to strike out Georgia
and insert Ohio: rejected.
Mr. BRENGLlS moved to amend the amendment
by striking out Pennsylvania and Georgia, and in-
serting "one to be located east, and the other west, of
the Alleghany mountains: rejected.
The question was then put on Mr. Stiles's
amendment, when it,was rejected.
Mr. LUCAS desired the indulgence of ten min-
utes to explain an amendment which he offered;
but objection was made, and a conversation ensued
thereon.
His amendment proposed to increase the appro-
priation for the manufacture of arms at the national
armories from #200,000 to $306,000. The vote
thereon was 62 in the affirmative, and 42 in the neg-
ative—no quorum voting.
Tellers were called for and ordered, and Messrs.
Hungerford and Woodward were appointed, and
they reported 62 in the affirmative, and 22 in the
negative—still no quorum voting.
Mr. LUCAS called upon the committee to rise
and report that fact to the House.
The committee rose and reported accordingly.
Mr. McKAY said it was very important that
this bill should be passed to-night, tie therefore
moved a call of the House.
Mr. G. DAVIS moved that the House adjourn;
which was negatived.
The question was put on the motion for a call,
and 43 voted in the affirmative, and 3A in the nega-
tive.
The call was therefore ordered.
Mr. WINTHROP again moved an adjournment.
(It wanted but 15 minutes to 10 o'clock.)
The motion was negatived.
The Clerk then proceeded to call the roll. After he
had proceeded some time,
Mr. McKAY said he would withdraw the call, on
the understanding that the House would consent to-
morrow to take it up and suspend the rule which
prevents bills being sent to the Senate during the
last three days of the session.
The understanding was tacitly entered into; and
all further proceedings under the call were sus-
pended.
On Mr. McKAY'S motion, one of the appropria-
tion bills which had come back from the Senate was
committed to the Committee of the Whole on the
state of the Union.
The House then adjourned.
The following notices of petitions presented to-
day were handed to the reporters by the members
presenting them:
By Mr. RlTTEXt. A memorial from a committee appoint-
ed by the eiti7ens of Reading, Pennsylvania, m town meet-
ing, setting forth the advantages said town otters as a site
for locating a national foundry; its centrality in regard to
the points of defence; its facilities of obtaining iron, coal,
water-power, and its healthfulne&s, its connection with the
mam channels of transpostation—-the Philadelphia and
Pottsville railroad, and Schuylkill and Union canals, pass-
ing through the place where iron and coal of the best qual-
ities, and in abundant quanties, arc at hand at the cheapest
rates, and having, within the limits of Berks county, an
area of 900 square miles, It furnaces, 1 rolling mill and fac-
tory. and21iorges: referred to the Committee on Military
Atfairs.
By Mr. HUBBELL: The petition from Allegany county,
New York, praying a reduction of postage, and for a la^ to
elect postmasters by the people.
By Mr. CROSS: The petition of John T. "Williamson and
EUen P. Bryan for the passage of an act authorizing them
to enter a half quarter section of land in Arkansas.
By Mr. HALE: The petition of Joseph Morrill and 47
others, citizens of Dover, New Hampshire, that the "area
of freedom" may be enlarged upon its northern as well as
southern boundary, by the annexation of the two Canadas
to the]Union: referred to the Committee on Foreign Affairs.
The remonstrance of John P. Varney and 21d others, legal
voters of the town of Dover, New Hampshire, against the
annexation of Texas to the Union: referred to the Commit-
tee on Foreign Aftairs.
By Mr. MURPHY: The proceedings ofa public meeting
of the citizens of Brooklyn, in the State of New York, in re-
lation to a reduction of the rates of postage,-and, in favor
of the Senate bill on that subject: referred to the Committee
of the Whole on the state of the .Union.
The following amendment was offered by Mr.
Robert Smith, on Wednesday evening, to the river
and harbor bill, and accidentally omitted in the re-
port of that (Jay's proceedings:
For the Cumberland road, to be divided in aqual parts in
Ohio, Indiana, and Illinois, $300,000.
Agreed to—yeas 70, nays 43.
Mr. C. M. Reed also offered the following amend-
ment:.
For a ship canal around the Falls of St. Mary, and extend-
ing ship navigation to Lake Supeiior, to be expended under
the direction ol the Secretary of War, $100,000.
Rejected.
Mr. Harper offered the following as an amend-
ment, and it was adopted:
Ptofided, that no part of the sum appropriated for the
erection of said bridge shall be expended, until the owner
or'owners of the land necessary loi the erection ot said
bridge shall relinquish all clam for damages to the United
States for said land „
TO THE EDITOR OF THE GLOEE.
As my remarks a few nights ago on the resolu-
tions for admitting the republic of Texas into the
Union were imperfectly reported, no doubt from the
difficulty of hearing where the reporters were seat-
ed, and as the state of my health precludos the pos-
sibility of my writing out these remarks at length,
I propose simply and distinctly to slate some of the
leading propositions I advanced on that occasion,
which you will oblige me by publishing.
I commenced by stating that all the senators who
had spoken against the pending "resolution had dis-
tinctly affirmed and laboriously argued that the
framers of the constitution, in granting to Congress
the power to "admit new States into this Union,"
intended to limit that power to States "arising with-
in the(A«t existing territories of the United States;"
and yet that every one of these senators, with the
exception perhaps of the senator from Massachu-
setts, had as distinctly admitted, throughout the re-
maining portion of their speeches, that Louisiana,
Missouri, and Arkansas, were constitutionally ad-
mitted as States of this Union, although they have
arisen in territory that then belonged to a foreign power.
That if this palpable and suicidal contradiction, in
which senators seemed to forget at one end of their
speeches what they had maintained at the other,
could be reconciled at all, it must be by a process
of logical reasoning and metaphysical require-
ment, which might be ingenious, but, I must
add, ingenious beyond all comprehension. That
there was "no middle course" by which sen-
ators could "reach the height of this great ar-
gument;" but that they must either admit that
the power of Congress to "admit new States"
extended beyond the territory embraced in the lim-
its of the United States at the time the constitution
was adopted, and had no limit but the discretion of
Congiess,or they must be driven to the unavoidable
alternative of affirming, with the Senator from Mas-
sachusetts, that all the combined departments of this
governments were constitutionally incompetent to
admit Louisiana, Missouri, and Arkansas, into this
Union, and that there was no human power by
which this could be rightfully done, but that which
made the federal constitution—the consent of all the
States given by the people of each assembled in con-
vention. That it was impossible to urge any argu-
ment to show that Congress could constitutionally
admit the State of Louisiana, peopled mainly by
foreigners, speaking a different language that
would not more concIusivc 1 y justify the admission
of Texas, formerly pertaining to the United States,
and almost exclusively peopled by native horn citi-
zens of the United States, speaking our language,
educated in the same schools, worshiping at the
same altars, and imbued with the same political
principles with ourselves.
On the construction of the words " new States
may be admitted by the Congress into this Union,"
it had been shown by Mr. Buchanan and others that
the proposition-originally submitted to the conven-
tion was, "to admit new States lawfully arising
vjilhin the limits of Ihe United States," and that as
the clause finally adopted contained no such limita-
tion, the inference was clear; upon every sound prin-
ciple of construction, that no such limitation was in-
tended. In answer to this, Mr, Rives very inge-
niously contended that Vermont was then in a sort
ofjrebellious attitude toward New York; and that, to
avoid her exclusion upon the ground that she
might not be regarded as a State lawfully arising
within the limits of the United States, the convention
gave up the the whole of the clause originally pro-
posed, and adopted the clause as it now stands, con-
taining no limitation at all. To this I replied that it
was against every rule of rational construction to
suppose that" the convention, to get rid of one limita-
tion, had given up another ten times as important.
That if the object had been merely to .meeCthe case
of Vermont, it would have been effected more nat-
urally and easily by simply striking out the word
"lawfully," and then the clause would have provid-
ed for the admission of "new States arising within
the limits of the United States;" expressly imposing a
limitation upon the power of admitting new States,
which senators on the other side of tilt house say
the convention intended, though they deliberately
abandoned the words that would have expressed
that intention! That to suppose the convention, in-
tending this limitation, had deliberately abandoned
the clause containing it, and substituted another as
unlimited in its terms, as it is clear and unequivocal,
would be to ascribe to that wise and patriotic as-
sembly the folly and wickedness of creating in the
constitution an intentional ambiguity.
As to the treaty-making power, I remarked
that some senators had devoted one-half of
their speeches to the purpose of proving the
power of making treaties exclusively belonged
to the President and two-thirds of the Senate—a
self-evident proposition, which no body denied—but
had entirely overlooked the questions really in-
volved: What is a treaty, and what are subjects ex-
clusively embraced in the scope of the treaty-making
power? That to assert that every compact with
a foreign power was necessarily a treaty, was
to assume the proposition in controversy, and,
in reference to the question before the Senate, was
precisely the reverse of the fact. That the admis-
sion of Texas into the Union as necessarily in-
volved the acquisition of the territory embraced in
the limits of that republie, as the purchase of a
mansion would involve the-acquisition of the soil
on which it stood; and that the compact we propose
to make could not be constitutionally made by any
power but that which can "admit new States into
this Union," and was anything but a treaty. In
answer to the strange and incomprehensible assump-
tion that Congress may constitutionaly admit
Texas into the Union, provided the treaty-making
power shall first acquire the territory, I denied that
the constitution gave any color to a proposition so
absurd and anomalous. That even if this were
simply a question of acquiring territory, without
admitting the State, the constitution does not assign
that function, either to the treaty-making, or to the law-
making power; but leaves it to be accomplished by
the one or the other, according to circumstances.
That if, indeed, one branch of the government
had a preference over the other, all theanalogies of
the constitution gave that preference to Congress, as
being exclusively vested with the power of making
war and conquests, the most usual mode of acquir-
ing territory, and of raising revenue, and thereby
providing tho only means of acquiring territory in
the only otliermode—to wit,bypurchase. In the case
of acquiring territory by conquest, it is clearly and
exclusively the act of the war-making power; and
Congress would proceed to organize a provincial
government, without even the form of a treaty.
That m the case of acquisition by purchase, though
the formal parts of the transaction are usually,
as a mere matter of convenience, performed
by the treaty-making power, the substance
of the compact—the stipulated payment of
a sum of money for a given extent
of territory—could only be performed by Con-
gress, which was exclusively invested with the
power of raising and appropriating money. That
Mr. Jefferson, in the height of his popularity, did
not dare to purchase Louisiana until Congress had
given its consent by appropriating a large sum of
money, under the disguise of secret service, but no-
toriously to be applied to the purpose of making
that great acquisition to the United States.
In answer to the doctrine advanced by most of
