CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
the opponents of the resolution^ that the treaty-ma-
king power was designed by the convention as a
great conservative power as against Congress, I
stated that it was a notion founded upon a total mis-
conception of the checks and responsibilities of our
system of government. That the power of making
treaties was not conferred upon the President and
his senatorial council of advisers because they
we^e supposed to be a safer depository of power,
but because the President, being' a single individual,
was better qualified to conduct negotiations with the
secrecy indispensable to success, and the Senate, be-
ing .a small body, could he more easily assembled
and consulted. That nothing could be more ex-
travagant thati the supposition that the treaty-ma-
king power was intended as a check upon Congress
or the law-making power, or in any respect conser-
vative. That a brief analysis of those two powers
would show that, when the Senate consisted of
twenty-six members, in every case of a conflict be-
tween Congress as the law-making power and this
boasted treaty-making power, it was i;eally a con-
flict between the House of Representatives, coming
directly from the people, a majority of the Senate,
representing the States, and the President, repre-
senting both on the one hand, and a miserable frac-
tion of four senators 011 the other—that being the
precise difference between a majority and twe-thirds
of the Senate!
1 stated that it was as dangerous to curtail an ex-
press grant of power by the refinements and subtle-
ties of construction, as to enlarge it; as the same
wand that could exorcise spirits could conjure them
up; and 1 was surprised to sec the advocates of
strict construction, particularly those who had been
brought up at the feet.—not of Gamaliel, but of one
much greater—of Thomas Jetleison, the apostle of
liberty—senators whom I had long known as State
rights republicans of the "most strictest sect"—now
engaged in this work of destroying an express grant
by construction. That the fanciful dangers anticipat-
ed from assuming the power to admit Texas by
Congress without first acquiring the territory by
treaty, would equally exist under the siiigular and
arbitrary construction of our opponents. For under
that construction we ran acquire Mexico to-day by
treaty, and to-morrow admit it into the Union by
act of Congress, with its miserable and heterogeneous
population of Indians and negroes, nuilattoeH and
mestazoes, upon an equal looting with the other
States.
Having now stated the prominent position taken
in my remarks 011 the admission of Texas, I avail
myself of the occasion to explain n lenunk I niaihi
in reply to a question asked by Mr. Cmi-i i i.nio n' in
the course of hia speech, Referring to my remarks
Oil the war-making power, he inquired whether Con-
gress, because it had the exclusive 1 lower to make
war, could therefore make peace, and how tins
could be done? 1 replied, fiom my place, "by dis-
banding the army and navy;" intending merely to
show the absurdity of supposing that a war could,
in fact, be continued against the will of the only
power that could make and carry it on. 1 will now
explain how the war-making power can make peace.
Mr. Crittewiien, and his associates in debate, seem
to have overlooked the fact that the war-making
and law-making power includes the whole ot the
functionaries of the treaty-making power, except
as many senators as constitute the diffeience be-
tween a majority and two-thirds of the Senate—that
is to say, eight members, all told, when the fifty-two
senators are all present. With this remark, I pio-
ceed to trace the usual process of making a treaty of
peace. The President—a branch of the war-inaknig
power, and the sole depositary of ail the positive
and active functions of the treaty-making power-
appoints a minister, with the consent of a majority
of the Senate; and, without consulting the Senate,
sends him to the court of the foreign belligerent, with
instructions and full powers to make a treaty of
peace. The treaty is signed by the ministers ot the
two powers, and ratified by the foreign government;
upon which orders are despatched to the hostile
armies and navie< for a cessation of arms, lite
treaty is brought to the United States, and submitted
to the Senate for ratification. In the mean time
Congress passes a law disbanding the army and
navy; but only a majority of the Senate can be in-
duced to concur in the ratification of the treaty.
This state of things has been constitutionally pro-
duced by the functionaries of the war-making pow-
er; and 1 ask, are the United States at war or peace?
Tke foreicn power has foimaliy ratified the treaty,
and the United States has substantially ratified it by
the best of all pledges, the constitutional act of the
whole government, disbanding the army and navy;
yet it is contended that eight pertinacious and pug-
nacious senators can keep the country in a state of
war for an indefinite period, exhibiting the strange
anomaly of a war continued without armies or na-
vies, and against the will of both parties! Such are
the consequences of arraying a small fraction of the
Senate against the legislative power, under the guise
of a conservative power.
GEO. McDUFFIE.
IN SENATE.
Saturday, March 1, 1845.
Mr. ASHLEY moved to be excused from serving
oil the Committee on Enrolled Bills, as his other
duties precluded him from giving that attendance to
the committee now required. He was excused.
On motion of Mr. EVANS, who said the duties
of the committee till the close of the session would
he arduous, the Chair was authorized to appoint
two members to fill the vacancy.
IVlr. CHOATE said it would be necessary to
have a chairman of the Joint Committee on the Li-
brary for the recess of Congress; and with a view of
having one appointed in his place, he moved to be
excused from serving on that committee. He was
excused.
On motion, the Chair was authorized to appoint a
chairman of the Committee on the Library in lite
room of Mr. Choate.
Mr. SEVIER, from the Committee on Pensions,
reported adversely on the House bills for the relief ^
of Messrs. Elliott and Pitch, and the report was or-" I
dered to be printed.
Mr. S. also reported back the House bill for the
relief of Isaac Allen, with a recommendation that it
pass.
Mr. EVANS reported back the House bill ma-
king appropriations for the Indian service, with
some amendments, and moved the printing of the
amendments.
At the. request of Mr. WOODBURY, the bill and
amendments were, on motion of Mr. EVANS, re-
committed.
Mr. DICKINSON, from the Committee on Na-
val Affairs, reported adversely on the case of A. H.
Thompson; and ihe report was ordered to be print-
ed.
On motion of Mr. JARNAGIN, the C umniittee
on ('hums was discharged from the further consid-
eration of the claim of Robert Wilmoti.
THE POSTAGE BILL.
On motion of Mr. MERRICK, the Senate bill for
the reduction of postage and regulation of the frank-
ing privilege was taken up, and tlic amendments
made by the House of Representatives were placed
under consideration.
Mr. MERRiCK moved that the Senate concur in
the amendments of the House.
Mr. SIMMONS thought perhaps the best course
the Senate could pursue would be to concur in these
" amendments, although they were not unobjection-
able. He had a motion to offer in amendment, but
rather than send the bill back to the House, he would
not now make it.
Mr. WOODBRIDGE did not concur in the opin-
ion expressed by the honorable senator before him,
[Mr. Simmons,! that the objectionable amendments
of the House should be concurred in through appre-
hension of dissent on the part of the House. He
called for the yeas and nays, on the motion to con-
cur.
Mr. MERRICK was very sorry that his friend
from Michigan, [Mr. Woodbrioge,] thought it ne-
cessary to call for the yeas and nays. There were
but two amendments to the bill. One was to post-
pone the operation of that portion of it which fixes
the rate of postage, until the commencement of the
fiscal year commencing on the 1st day of July next.
The other amendment was to alter the rates of post-
age, fixed upon m the bill a.s it passed the Senate,
so as to make, instead of the uniform rate of five
cents, two rates of 5 aijd 10 cents—5 cents for all
distances less than 300 nules, and 10 cents for all
greater distances.
While up he would make this remark: he would
be disposed to non-concur in the amendments him-
self; but every gentleman here must know, and he
was assured by the friends of the measure in the
other House, that if the Senate should now send
the bill back, and did not concur in the amendments
which came from the House, the whole bill would
fail, and we should have no reform at all this ses-
sion. He therefore hoped, in consideration of.'this
fact, that the Senate would concur in the amend-
ments.
Mr. DICKINSON concurred fully in the remarks
of the honorable chairman. He considered the bill
deficient in carrying out thoroughly that great and
salutary reform contemplated, and in other respects;
but he did not deem it worth while risking its re-
jection by sending it back to the other House. He
should therefore most cheerfully vote to concur in
the amendments from the House, believing that, at
some future time, when the opportunity offered,
any alteration necessary could be made. He "was
willing to vote by yeas and nays.
Mr. SEVIER was in favor of the bill; and if the
senator from Maryland would consent to make one
little addition—to make the rate of postage, for all
distances over six or seven hundred miles," 15 cents
—he would be still better pleased with it. He
hoped the senator would amend the amendment to
that effect..
Mr. MERRICK said it was impossible to amend
the bi;i without destroying it altogether. It would
have to go back to the House, and the result would
be its failure there,
Mr. SEVIER intended, then, to agitate the mat-
ter until next session, and see if the bill could not
be altered or repealed
Mr. WOODBRIDGE had no great objection to
the first amendment of the bill; but the second de-
stroyed the prospect of a uniform rate of postage,
which had so well succeeded in other countries,
and which was necessary to make the experiment
successful.
Mr. SIMMONS was sorry to hear the chairman
of the committee say we could not insert this fifteen-
cent rate. This bill had made a great alteration in
the existing rates of postage. The amendments
from the House made a great alteration in the bill
as it was originally raqjorted here, and would act
unequally and unjustly. It would accommodate
about one-third of the people of this country with
a five-cent rate, and throw the heavy postage upon
that portion of the country where he had hoped the
desire of Congress was to facilitate correspondence.
Anybody, who would take the trouble to look,
would see that of the postage in the State of Loui-
siana three-fourths of it was at a high rate; but in
thickly settled portions of the country not one-
fourth was at the high rote. If the Senate would
allow him, he would obviate this objection, by his
amendment fo make a fifteen-cent rate. The bill,as
it stood, relieved those thinly populated portions of
the country to some extent, but not as far as it j,vas
desirable orjust.
Mr. MERRICK hoped the Senate would concur
in the amendments without sending the bill back to
the House, or it would be lost altogether. Although
it was true that the rate of 10 cents fell upon Loui-
siana and other southern and southwestern States,
yet the whole Senate would perceive that it was a
very great reduction upon what they now have to
pay. It was better to have 10 cents than 25 cents
to pay. If he had the oppoitunity, Ik; would re-
store the uniform rate of 5 cents; but it could not
possibly be done without destroying the bill. He
repeated his hope that, under the necessity of the
case, the Senate would concur in the amendments
Mr. SEVIER was astonished to hear gentlemen
talk so kindly about Louisiana, particularly those
whose sympathies towards that quarter were not
often manifested. But the bill was a very good bill
for them—its relief would be very great to their
States, but very little to Louisiana or his State, if
any.
Mr. ASHLEY should vote in accordance with
the sentiments expressed by the chairman of the
Committee on the Post Office and Post Roads. He
voted originally for this bill; and it might be sup-
posed, from the vote he was now about to give, that
there was a contradiction m it. He had voted for post
oflice reform, with instructions; hut with or without
instructions it v, ^uld be in accoidancc with his judg-
ment. It was his opinion that the rates of postage
should be uniform throughout the United States.
As it was now, he believed the bill rendered it un-
equal; and gave an advantage to the thickly populat- '
ed portions of thecountry; but as it gave the sparse
portions some relief, he would vote for concuring in
the amendments reported by the House, sooner
than lose the bill altogether.
Mr. HAYWOOD rose for the purpose of calling
the attention of the Senate to the fact that they had
had been engaged for some time in endeavoring- to
introduce here something like Mr. Hill's post office
