CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
fa*
a number of adverse reports; all of which were or-
dered to be printed.
Mr. BREESE offered a resolution, which, under
the one-day rule, lies over for consideration. It
was, that the Secretary of War be directed to trans-
mit tothe Senate the report of John Stockton.
Mr. EVAN'S, from the Committee on Finance,
made a report on the subject of drawbacks: referred
to that committee.
Mr. ATHERTON reported back a bill without
amendment.
On motion by Mr. HUNTINGTON, two hundred
and fifty additional copies of the commercial docu-
ment, for the use of the Treasury Department, were
ordered to be printed.
On motion by Mr. CHOATE, the vote taken this
morning, at his request, discharging him trom the
duty of chairman of the Committee on the Library,
was reconsidered, and his application to be excused
from serving on the committee was withdrawn. v.
/ THE NEW STATES OP IOWA AND FLORIDA.
/ On motion by Mr. ALLEN, the consideration of
the House bill for the admission of Iowa and Flori-
da was into the Union was resumed—the question
pending being on the amendment offered by Mr.
Evans.
Mr. CHOATE being entitled to the floor, address-
ed the Senate for about an hour.
He expressed a strong wish tliat there had been a
division of this subject, and that iv bill for the admis-
sion of each State, separately, had been presented
instead of a' joint bill making the admission, of the
one dependent upon that of the other. To say the
least of it, this joint legislation, under the power of
Congress to admit newStates, was of an extinordinn-
ry character. For the first time in the history of
the exercise of that power, this mode of proceeding
Was now adopted. This was a peculiar circ.uiu-
.stance, to which lie wished, to ™I1 I lie m ton lion of
the Senate and the country. VWhen Maine, and Mis-
souri were about to be admitted into the Union, it
was by separate bills, one of which was passed on
the 3d of March, and the other on the (itn. Now,
it was a great injustice to him and such of his friends
in the Senate as would vote with him, to be obliged
to vote against this bill. They should be compelled
to do so, as they could not conscientiously give their
sanction to the recognition in the constitution of one
of the States now presented, of what they could not
approve; although tliey would gladly open their
srms to receive the other State into the family em-
brace. lie, for instance, could most cheerfully and
heartily give the ha*d of welcome to Iowa; but he
could not—he would not say constitutionally, hut he.
would say, conscientiously—give his hand to Flor-
as ida. j^r-
✓ He was unwilling that hereafter, when the stand
[taken by her representatives, and all trace of their
leasons and objections shall liavo passed away,
Massachusetts shall be cited, as she was through
mistake the other day, as the unvatying opponent of
the admission of new States into tins Union. It
was on that account that he submitted to the Senate
the remark that there was great injustice in this
mode of admitting two States by one and the same
bill; yet he said this, not as meaning that it was m-
' tentional injustice, but that, practically, injustice
was the consequence of this mode of proceeding.^
He need-only go back a few hours, almost, to < ite a
single ease illustrative of the effects of blending in
one two measures, each of which, separately, could
not have the. same support commanded by their junc-
tion. He alluded to the joint resolutions for the an-
nexation of Taxas. Did not senators know that they
had laid themselves open to the, charge of having
admitted Texas into this Union by the force of ex-
ecutive power, aided by a minority of this body?
No senator would say that the joint resolution from
the House of Representatives could have had any
possible chance _of passing the. Senate. Neither
would he say that the bill of the senator from Mis--
soun would, alone, command u majority of this
body. It was perfectly plain, very well known,
and conceded 011 all hands, that neither, singly,
had the least chance of commanding a majority
of votes 111 the Senate. They were, in point of
fact, as far as this body was concerned, mi-
nority measures. What was done? Instead
of resorting to the usual mode of proceeding, by
imoving to strike out what came from the House, as
it could not receive the necessary support, and mov-
ing to insert a substitute more agreeable to the Sen-
ate, this good old-fashioned mode was laid aside,
and under the influence of a passion for novelty, or
something else, you kept in what came from the
House, and tacked to jt a provision that, if the Pre-
sident-of the United States did not oliose to act in
conformity to the first branch of the measure, he
might act upon the other. By that device you
united on it the votes in favor of each, and, com-
bined, you obtained a bare majority to carjry the
measure; though neither, separately, could possibly
prevail. - Suppose the President chooses to act up-
on the joint resolution of the House, disregarding
your proviso: will not Texas then be admitted
by the executive and a minority of the SsnateFj Or,
suppose he acts on your provision, disregarding the
proposition of the House: will not the same thing
happen? Instead of the majority, which gentlemen
admit to be the least minimum of constitutional
power that ought to sanction any act of govern-
ment, the President and a minority exercise a func-
tiou as potent as if they were the whole combined
legislative and executive body. By thus uniting
two measures, that may be done, which involves in-
justice to those who would support the one consci-
entiously, but could not the other, forcing them to
do violence to their feelings, and placing them in a
wrong position before those for whom they act.
So in reference to this case now under considera-
tion.
Since Florida made application for admission
into the Union by her legislature, and Iowa for her-
self; and since even the chairman on the Judiciary
Committee reported back this bill, cncumstances
have occurred which very much changed the nature
of things in relation to this question. He held in
his hand certain resolutions of the legislature of
Florida, named no longer ago than the 14 th of Feb-
l'li'irv, IH4f>, which he would read.
i Here Mr. C. read the resolutions.]
The preamble says, since Iowa is to be admitted,
let Florida come in pan passu. But since that, we
have admitted a teintory on the southwest much
linger than luwu and Florida together—a territory
that may be cut up into forty States larger than our
small States, or five or six States as large as our
largest Stales. Whews and how is the balance
to ba found by the North and East for Texas,
now given to the South?1 Where is it to be foumi
but in the steadfast part of America? If not there,
it can be found nowhere else. Uod grant it may
be, there!
Everything has been changed. An empire ill one
region of the country has been added to the Union.
I.ook east, west, or north, and you can find no bal-
ance for that. Before ibis thing was done, it would
have seemed more fit anil proper, if the chairman of
the Committee on the Judiciary could have made
his report ami recommended—
Mr. ,BF,RRlliN. Will the senator from Massa-
chusetts allow me to say, the report of the Judiciary
Committee was made befoie the action of the Sen-
ate. to which he alludes, and is now in the hands of
every senator?
Mr. CI IOATE. Before you annexed Texas it
might have been supposed some reason, but not a
conclusive one, that if a great free Statein the North
is to he admitted, another 111 the South rimstutthe
same time, be admitted. But the, point of argu-
ment at which he aimed was this: whether, under
1 /the changed aspect to which he had alluded, it was
' not fail' and ju.it to allow those who, by an act
against their will, had lost the balance they deemed
necessary, to vote separately on the admission of
these, two new States.
Passing, however, from this to the more imme-
diate. proposition of his friend from Maine, he would
say a single word. He understood his motion to
be one that would provide for the striking out of
two clauses in one of the articles of the constitution
of Florida. Ill oneofihe.se. clauses it is put beyond
the power of the legislature of Florida to abolish
slavery. The other is in relation to local legis-
tion, which, if not mentioned there at all, it is held
by some the legislature would have, as much right to
enact as if recognised in the body of the constitution.
Now, in the first place, he should he permitted to
say that he did not quite agree with the senator
from Ohio, [Mr. nor with the senator from
Maine [Mr. Fairi if.i.o] that our only business was
to look into the constitution of anew State present-
ing itself for admission, merely to see whether it
was republican or not. He did not so read the fed-
eral constitution. He believed we had a right to
look to what we please, to satisfy ourselves that it
is right, and proper, and safe, to exercise, the power
we are about to exercise in the particular case. The
federal constitution says Congress muy admit new
States into this Union; but there is no express con-
stitutional obligation that they shall be admitted -be-
cause they are republican. What the constitution
does is merely to .guaranty to the members of con?
federation a republican form of government. The
provision is this: "The United States shall guaranty
to every State in this Union a republican form of
government."
"We may admit a new State or we may refuse it
admission. If we see nothing objectionable, and do
admit it, we guaranty to it a republican form of gov-
ernment. Whilst deliberating, we may; in order to
guide our discietionary power, look to her constitu-
tion, or beyond it, to the consequences affecting our-
selves; and, on the whole case, legislative discretion
is given to us whether we exercise the power we
possess of admitting the applicant to our Union or
not.
He did not find, by the constitution of the United
States, that he was obliged to look to the constitu-
tion of the applying State to sec that it was republi-
can; still less, that, if having found it was republi-
can, we should be obliged to grant the admission.
Suppose she should present herself with a republi-
can constitution, but in it was contained an article
which would nullify one or more constitutional laws
of the general government, or retained a powergrant-
ed by the other States to the federal government:
the constitution of the applicant may not only be
republican, but conformable to the forms of republi-
canism which we recognise; but, so long as it re-
fuses to comply with our common requisitions, we
may not comply with the application for admissioVi.
He did not mean to argue that one or other of the
provisions now under consideration was or was not
republican. His argument was as to their conform-
ity to our federal constitution. He should illustrate
his meaning by referring to an unpleasant controver-
sy in which Massachusetts,as it is very well known,
has been, engaged in with two other States. That
subject was not now before us. But he wished to
point attention to the fact, that the very thing which
Massachusetts demands is, that this controversy
may be determined by the supreme judicial tribunal
of the United States. And if that tribunal shall
decide against Massachusetts, he here pledged him-
self that very man, woman, and child in that State
would remain satisfied with the judgment.
Here Mr. C. alluded to a quotation from Peters's
reports made by Mr. Walker the other day; which
led to a long and discursive controversy about legal
opinions given by various judges, touching the per-
sonal rights of citizens of one State guarantied by
the constitution to them in respect to other States,
&c.
In conclusion, Mr. C. urged that there was neither
occasion nor propriety for the two provisions in the
constitution of loriila, to which he and his friend
from Maine objected, since it was admitted that if
not there, the legislature would, with respect to one,
have undoubted power to act; and with regard to
the other, the people of Florida would themselves
have the indisputable power to act.
Let Florida be admitted without these provisions,
and then let her legislature pass such municipal laws
or police as her circumstances may require. Let her
then go, with those who dispute them, to the su-
preme judicial tribunal, and there she would be se-
cure of eveiy right that was constitutional. But let
not him and his friends be called upon, m a mere
act of legislation, on a matter not necessarily con-
nected with that subject, [to give the sanction of
Congress to be quoted us an authority for what is
done, here. He should support the amendment
of the senator from Maine.
Mr. ARCHER said he wanted to address a word,
not in the way of argument, for it was too late in
the session for argument, but in the way of testimo-
ny and appeal, to produce some harmonizing upon
this subject. He was one of those who thought
that it would have been much better on the part of
those who framed this constitution to have omitted
the clausc which was the subject of present conflict.
And why' Becausejjthe same obj#ct could be at-
tained by the passage of State laws without this pro-
vision in the constitution. But let him tell the hon-
orable senators from Maine and Massachusetts,
[Messrs. Evans and Ciioate,] that the power to in-
troduce a provision of this sort belonged to that
form of law that overrides all forms of political insti-
tution, or constitution—the law of self-preservation.
If you had a hundred provisions in the constitution
of the United States in express terms prohibitory of
such legislation as was now the subject of our con-
sideration, some of the States might be in a condi-
