CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
381
ed from him. He [Mr. F.] said we were instructed
to protest against the laws, and he did protest
against them. But we were also instructed to use
our best efforts to procure the repeal of all such
laws in the States arid Territories. He thought the
best cpurse he could pursue was to evince, by his
vote, his disapprobation of such laws; and more es-
pecially when lie was about to admit a Territory as
a State, that he should say he did not consent that
she should have the power to enact such laws; or,
in other words, he did not intend, by his vote, to
give his approbation of such a power in the consti-
tution of that State or Territory, because it would
be sanctioning the inducement held out in that ex-
press grant, and would be in direct contradiction to
the opinion of the legislature of his State, that all
such laws are unconstitutional.
He had been instructed, not only to protest sol-
emnly—and he did protest quite as strongly as his
colleague but to go farther,.and use his best efforts
to procure the repeal of such laws; and he thought
one mode of doing this was to express the judgment
of Congress that such laws ought not to be in exist-
ence; and to say that we will not sanction a consti-
tution which expressly confers authority to enact
such laws.
Mr. ARCHER had a few words of explanation
in relation to the remarks which he had made when
up before. He then expressed his regret that this
clause had been' introduced into the constitution of
Florida. And why did he entertain that regret'
Because he undertook to pronounco that the exer-
cise of such a power in the State of Florida would
be unnecessary? Very far from it. So far from
entertaining or expressing that opinion, he consid-
ered that the importance which gentlemen on the
other side attached to this clause, would go to con-
demn such an opinion; and although he might
think it perfectly competent for the State to have
such regulations, he still regretted that sucli a pro-
vision had been introduced m the constitution. Ho
would have had that State to wait until circumstan-
ces should have demonstrated that such a provision
was required, and then, by her legislative power, in-
troduce this protective regulation. He would not
have it in the constitution of Florida, because
it actually constrains Florida to do that which
she may see occasion to abstain from doing,
or, at least, she may consider herself constrained, be-
cause the clause is in the constitution, to exercise
this power. Hut a much more material question is
presented in this case. Suppose we all concur in
reprobating the insertion of this clause in the con-
stitution: did it follow—and lie asked the attention
of the honorable senator from Maine to this ques-
tion—that we, the Senate of the United States, had
tlio right to prescribe exceptions to a clause, in the
constitution of the State of Florida, because we
might not entertain an opinion concurrent with
Florida upon those subjects? He denied any such
assumption of autliorityon the part of the Congress
of the United States. What is the limitation which
Congress has the power to impose upon the consti-
tution of a State asking for admission? Is it not
comprehended in a single phrase? and that is, that
the constitution of the State must lie republican.
Does the power given to us in that clause of the con-
stitution of the United States charge us to range
through the whole constitution of a State coming
here for admission, and pass our judgment upon
every single clause of that constitution, and say to
the State, "You shall have no provisions in your
constitution which are not accordant with our judg-
ment and opinion, no matter what may be the char-
acter of the clause?" Did any man mean to main-
tain here that wo have a right to supervise the whole
constitution of a new State, and substitute our will
for her will in regard to the formation of her consti-
tution?
He should be glad to know from the honorable
senator from Maine, [Mr. Evans] if he asked the
(xclusion of this clause betbie the new State could
be admitted, why should he not go into an examina-
tion of the other clauses which he might disapprove,
or consider unauthorized by the constitution of the
United States: It was assumed hero that Congress
has the power to prescribe restrictions upon the con-
stitutions of a State coming into the Union, which
in none of its provisions conflicts with the constitu-
tion of the United States. His \iesv of this assump-
tion was, that you have no right to make a constitu-
tion for a State under the authority to See that she
has a republican constitution.
His honorable friend had said—and he had no
doubt had spoken with the utmost sincerity—that
if mischief-makers were coming among us in the
South, the remedy was in our own hands,—to ar-
rest and punish them. He (Mr. A.) had a case to
put to him. Suppose we think that the fact of the
introduction of these people—whom he (Mr. E.)
said came as sailors, and we say come in the guise
and character of sailors—really operated upon our
people as firebands and matches: were we not justi-
fied in excluding them? We may exclude the effect,
whatever may be the purpose of their coming. Let
him put an analogous case to the honorable senator.
Let us suppose that, in South Carolina, there were
110 laws of quarantine. Suppose a vessel came there
full of yellow fever or plague: would His honorable
friend tell him, that because the vessel did not come
there knowing she had the yellow fever or plague
on board, the authorities of that place were to em-
ploy no means of preservation? The vessel came
there in good faith. She was not aware of the fatal
and infectious disease which existed on board; but,
on that account, was there no remedy to be pre-
scribed to prevent its extension among the inhabit-
ants? Were they to stand willing victims to the
pestilence that was about to come upon them? Cer-
tainly not.
What he said was this: that if the persons who
come into the southern ports in the garb of sailors,
and who might come in that character really, and
yet produced these very mischiefs, were we not au-
thorized to exclude them by the very laws of self-
preservation? Why were we not as much author-
ized to exclude them as we were to exclude this
vessel, which contained these infections to which he
had alluded?
He had thrown out his first remarks in a spirit of
conciliation. He meant to say to his honorable
friends that there , was a fever m the mind of the
North on this subject of slavery lie had appealed
to them not to lend their eminent instrumentality
to the mischiefs which it was the design of this
clause to urrest. There were many things in our
federative government which it was impossible that
laws could take hold of. There were sacrifices
which we must make to conciliate evils ofthis kind.
It might be a grievance for black sailors who came
in good faith from Maine to South Carolina to be
excluded from the limits of the State; but when
senators reflected that an evil ten thousand times as
great not only might be, but would be inevitably the
consequence of the admission of these peoplo, he
asked them to overlook this prohibition, even sup-
posing they had the law on their side, when it was
in no unfriendly spirit, but in the spirit of defence
that it was made. He asked them to pass it by for
the peace, harmony, and union of the States, and to
maintain that temper which was best calculated to
preserve the union of the States. There were eases
in which, for the sake of this spirit of conciliation,
they ought to overlook matters of right, admitting
them to be on their side.
That was the view which he had desired to sub-
mit when up before; and it was upon a conception
of duty that he had now risen to give additional il-
lustration to that view. He knew the honorable sen-
ator from Maine acted under the instructions of his
State, and perhaps thought he was bound to do so.
For his (Mr. A.,s)own part, he never let his con-
stituents bind his conscience in Congress. If he
concurred in judgment with them they should have
the bcnclitol his voire; but when it came to the de-
partment of conscicncc, he recognised no authority
but ihut which the Deity hud implanted in lum.
Mr. McDUFFlE entertained very serious ap-
prehensions that the gentlemen on the other side of
the Mouse would not be able to convince a major-
ity that theirs was the correct view of this subject.
He therefore rose to express the hope that the ques-
tion would be allowed to be taken without further
debate.
Mr. W00DBR1DGK observed that the honora-
ble senator from Virginia [Mr. ArchkrJ had said
there was a fever in the public mind. If such was
the fact—and undoubtedly it was so—why should
we aggravate that fever by giving our sanction to a
clause which many gentlemen thought an unconsti-
tutional clause, and, at most, an act of supereroga-
tion? He knew of no proverb of greater value than
that which tells us to let well enough alone. What
Slate has raised a revolt against the constitution?
Against what Slate could any charge of that sort be
now urged? Not one. There were wiM visiona-
ries, they said; there were incendiaries, they said,
all about the country; but you increase the num-
ber, and stimulate the efforts of those abolitionists,
by holding them in defiance and suspicion, when
they come to you and you deny what you;,
justice give them. No human being couldbe,more
entirely opposed to what are called political aboli-
tionists .than he was;, but you created them your-
selves, by throwing before them this stimulating
cause. If the clause tyas objectionable—if the right
to pass an act of this kind was a matter of doubt,- let
th# vote decide it; let it be made with a clear deter-
mination. Why not reject this clause, and leave it
to the tribunal of the country?
The honorable senator from Virginia [Mr. Arch-
er] had said that we have nothing to look to ip the
form of constitution which has been submitted to
the Senate but the single, isolated, abstract ques-
tion whether it be republican. If it contained-a
proposition within it, beyond,all human doubt, di-
rectly conflicting with the constitution of the Uni-
ted States, would you take a. silent vote upon it?
That argument was not new. Gentlemen might
recollect the discussion upon the northern bounda-
ry of the. State, of Ohio. Her claim was that, in
her constitution, she had herself defined her north-
ern boundary. She submitted it to Congress, and,
without any expression of disapproval, it was pass-
ed as she had submitted it. She inferred that you
had given it your full and. entire approbation.
Again: What was done in the case of Michigan?
There was nothing in her constitution* decidedly
against the constitution of the United States; but
her laws were disapproved. Congress said to her,
"If you do not alter those laws, we will not admit
you." She thus kept out year after year.
He did not think, if the question was a matter of
doubt, that it would be proper, expedient, prudent,
or wise, to pass silently upon a matter like this.
There could be no possible injury fiom an expres-
sion of your disapprobation of the continuance of
this clause here, because it takes from Florida no
right whatever. If it be necessary for any State to
pass such an act, where, he asked, was the right of
Louisiana and South Carolina to pass acts of that
kind? It was not m their constitutions. It was one
of the several rights which they claimed as sove-
reign States. It wsuld tend to harmonize the op-
erations not only of this body, but of the Ameri-
can people, to leave the people of Florida to their
rights, and let them resort to that legislation to
which they could resort, if we struck out this clause.
He thought it was not expedient, wise, or prudent,
to insist upon its retention.
Mr. HENDERSON made an able and elaborate
judicial argument on the controverted points under
discussiwn. On the general principle of southern
rights he pointed out the inconsistency, and the
want of appreciation of justice, in the conduct of
Massachusetts with regard to the southern States.
One striking position of his (much abbreviated here)
was this: The people of the South have slaves on
board their ships as sailors, engaged in carrying on
their commerce. If one of those ships happens to
get within the jurisdiction of Massachusetts, these
colored sailors are laid hold of by her laws, and
brought on shore, where they are set free, and per-
haps become her citizens. Subsequently they enter
as sailors on board her vessels; and if those vessels
land ut a southern port, and these colored sailors
arc detained by the laws of a slave State either as
the property of their owners, or as emissaries of
abolitionists, (should they be so,) Massachusetts
makes a great outcry of unconstitutional injustice, as
if violence was committed upon her citizens. By
her own laws she first violates the rights of others,
and then, because the laws of the South give redress
and security to the party she has injured, she com-
plains!
Mr. H. opposed the amendment of the senator
from Maine.
Mr. WHITE, although willing to vote for the
bill as it was, would be much better satisfied with it
if^ tliose objectionable clauses in the constitution of
Florida were left out. He saw no necessity for that
in relation to colored persons touching on the shores
of Florida, since the legislature could enact police
laws to legulate that matter; and with regard to
slavery, it was a question which should be left open
to the people of the State to act upon through their
legislature. However, as they would have the pow-
er m their own hands to amend their constitution
he should not hesitate to go for the bill. He would
first vote for the amendment of the senator from
Maine.
Mr, SEVIER'S impression was, that honorable
senatois on the other side were mistaken in suppos-
ing this was the first time such clauses as these were
introduced into the constitution of any State enter-
