386
CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
Several minor amendments, rendered necessary by
thai just adopted, were agreed to.
The amendment to reduce the grade of minister to
China from minister plenipotentiary to commission-
er, and to reduce the appropriation, from $9,000 out-
fit and $9,000 salary to go,000 for the commissioner,
was non-concurred in.
All the amendments have been gone through in
wh:eh tile Committee of Ways and Means recom-
mended concurrence, at the suggestion of Mr. McKay
the lemainder were read, so that the question might
be taken on them at once, unless exceptions were
taken.
The remainder of the amendments of the Senate
were accordingly non-concurred in.
On motion of Mr. McKay, the committee rose
and reported its action to the House.
Mr. RATH BUN stated there were 65 amend-
ments to this bill, the yeas and nayson which would
take till the 4th March. He hoped the House would
see fit to be cautious how they ordered them.
He moved the previous question, which was sec-
onded, and the main question was ordered.
The amendments in which the Committee of the
Whole on the state on the Union recommended con-
currence with the Senate were first read over, and
those were selected for separate action to -which ex-
ceptions were taken. Those which were not except-
ed to, were concurred in.
The amendments to which no exception was
taken having been gone through with,
The amendments that were excepted and laid
aside, were taken up, and
The question was first put on concurring with the
Committee of the Whole in their disagreement to the
amendment of the Senate, for enlarging the law libra-
ry, and compensation to John Skirving for flues for
warming and ventilating the building, and decided
in the affirmative.
The next question was on agreeing with the com-
mittee in its disagreement to the amendment of the
Senate appropriating $38,000 for paving and repair-
ing Pennsylvania avenue, the road to the congres-
sional burying-ground, &c. The disagreement was
agreed in.
The next amendment was an appropriation of
$15,000 for laying the foundation and commencing
the superstructure of the west wing of the Patent
Office. The disagreement of the Committee of the
Whole on the state of the Union was agreed in.
The next amendment was an appropriation of
$4,000 for the purchase of 500 copies of Gordon's
Digest of the Revenue Laws. The disagreement of
the Committee of the Whole on the state of the
Union was agreed in.
The next amendment was an appropriation of
f 1,000 for the erection of a monument over the re-
mains of General Alexander Macomb, under the di-
rection of the Secretary of War.
Mr. ADAMS called for the yeas and nays; and
they were ordered, and resulted thus: yeas 69,
nays 65.
So the amendment of the Senate was disagreed to.
Mr. ARRINGTON moved a reconsideration of
that vote; which was negatived.
The next was an appropriation for completing
the publication of the work on the exploring expe-
dition.
The disagreement of the Committee of the Whole
was agreed to.
The House also agreed to the disagreement of the
committee to the amendment respecting the China
mission.
The House also agreed to the disagreement of
the committee in the amendment of the Senate
which makes appropriations for the district judges
of Missouri and Arkansas.
The House likewise agreed with the disagreement
of the committee in the Senate's amendment appro-
priating $1,573 60, the amount of mileage and at-
tendance of Mr. John M. Bolts in contesting the
seat of Mr. John W. Jones, at the 1st session of the
2Sih Congress.
The next amendment was that in relation to the
instalments of the Mexican indemnities, for which
the Senate had appropriated $275,<W0.
Mr. HOUSTON demanded the yeas and nays;
which were refused.
Mr. H. called for the reading of the amendment;
which, he said, was not understood by many gen-
tlemen. The question being put, the House refused
the rereading of the amendment.
The question on the amendment was again taken
by tellers, and the vote stood, ayes 57, noes 57—
a tie.
The Speaker voted in the affirmative, making ayes
58, noes 57.
So the House concurred with the committee in
their disagreement with the Senate—thus rejecting
the amendment.
In the disagreement of the committee with the
amendment of the Senate making it the duty of
the Secretary of the Treasury to pay the amount of
postage chargeable to the executive departments or
any bureau thereof, under the act in reference to
postage just passed—
The question being taken, the House concurred.
On the amendment requiring that proposals for
contracts of the departments shall be advertised in
Washington in two newspapers having the largest
circulation, and at the discretion of the executive in
any third paper, provided no higher rates shall be
paid than are paid Dy private individuals—
Mr. DICKEY called the yeas and nays; which
were refused.
The question being taken, the House agreed with
the committee in their disagreement with this amend-
ment of the Senate.
The House concurred with the committee in their
disagreement with the remaining amendments of the
Senate.
Mr. TUCKER moved to reconsider the vote on
the amendment in relation to Mexican indemnities;
but, after some conversation, withdrew the motion.
On motion of Mr. PARMENTER, the House
resolved itself into Committee of the Whole on the
state of the Union—Mr. Boyd in the chair.
Mr. PARMENTER moved to take up the wid-
ows' navy pension bill.
Mr. McKAY moved to take up the amendments
of the Senate to the fortification bill, and he claimed
that his motion was first in order under the rule.
The question was first taken on the motion of Mr.
McKAY, and it was agreed to.
The bill making appropriations for the fortifica-
tions for the year accordingly came up; the first
amendment of the Senate being that appropriating
$40,000 for the sea-wall on Brewster's island, Bos-
ton harbor.
Mr. McKAY said a few words against this amend-
ment, stating that it was provided for in the river
and harbor bill that had passed the House, and was
not in its proper place in this bill.
Mr. PARMENTER briefly and cogently urged
the importance of the appropriation.
Mr. McCLELLAND made some remarks in op-
position to the amendment; after which,
The question was taken, and it was rejected.
The remaining amendments were concurred in.
On motion by Mr. McKAY, the committee pro-
ceeded to the consideration of the Senate's amend-
ments to the military academy bill.
The first question was on concurring in the amend-
ment providing for the compensation of a board of
visiters to attend the annual examination of the
academy.
Mr. HARALSON made some explanations in
regard to the condition of the academy, and for the
purpose of showing the expediency of the appro-
priation.
The question was then put and decided in the af-
firmative—ayes 69, noes 58.
Mr. PARMENTER moved to take up Senate
bill No. 40, entitled "An act renewing certain naval
pensions."
Mr. PRESTON KING moved that the committee
rise and reports the amendments: rejected.
The question was put on Mr. Parmenter's mo-
tion, ana carried; ana the navy widows' pension bill
was read; and after consideration,
On motion by Mr. BURKE, it was laid aside to
be reported; and the joint resolution authorizing the
attorney general to contract for a certain number of
copies of a proposed edition of the laws and treaties
of the United States was taken up. This bill having
been read and considered,
On motion by Mr. HARALSON, the resolution
was laid aside to be reported, and
Mr. HARALSON then moved that the committee
take up bill No. 509, making appropriations for cer-
tain defensive works of the United States for the
fiscal year ending 30th June, 1846.
The motion was not agreed to; but another mo-
tion was made and agreed to, to rise and report the
bills acted upon in Committee of the Whole to the
House.
The committee rose and reported accordingly.
The first bill taken up in the House from amongst
those reported by the committee, was tlje fortifica-
tion bill; and all the amendments of the committee
were concurred in.
Mr. WINTHROP moved a reconsideration, for
the purpose of getting the opportunity to make
some remarks in relation to a sea wall at Boston—
one of the objects of which had been contemplated by
an amendment to the bill. He concluded by moving
the previous question.
IOWA AND FLORIDA.
A message was received from the Senate by As-
bury Dickins, esq., its secretary, announcing that
the Senate had passed the bill for the admission of
Florida and Iowa into the Union.
[Cries of "Good! that makes 29 stars."]
Several other bills were also reported; amongst
which was the civil and diplomatic appropriation
bill, on their amendments to which the Senate insiat-
ed. The House also agreed to insist; and a com- *
mittee of conference was appointed—Messrs. McKay,
G. Davis, and Dromgoole, being the committee on
the part of the House.
The question was then put on Mr. Winthrop's
motion. The previous question was sustained by
the House; and the motion to reconsider was nega-
tived.
The next was the military academy bill; and the
question was on agreeing with the committee in re-
lation to the Senate's amendment.
The yeas and nays were asked and ordered.
Mr. STEENROD moved that the House adjourn:
rejected.
The question recurring on agreeing to the Sen-
ate's amendments, was taken by tellers, and decided
in the negative—yeas 62, nays 72.
Mr. W. J. BROWN, from the Committee on
Enrolled Bills, reported several bills, among them
the postage bill, which received the signature of the
Speaker.
Mr. A. P. STONE moved that the House adjourn:
rejected.
It was now 20 minutes past 10 o'clock.
NAVY PENSIONS.
The bill renewing certain navy pensions for five
years was ordered to be engrossed, and read a third
time.
Mr. C. JOHNSON called for the yeas and nays
on the passage; which were refused.
The bill was then passed.
The joint resolution authorizing the Attorney
General to contract for copies of a proposed edition
of the laws and treaties of the United States came
up.
Mr. CAVE JOHNSON asked the yeas and
nays on its passage; which were refused—no quorum
voting. •
Mr. G. W. JONES moved that the House ad-
journ: rejected
Mr. McKAY made a brief statement to show
that true economy required the passage of this reso-
lution.
Mr. J. P. KENNEDY demanded the previous
question; which was seconded.
The main question was ordered, and being taken,
the joint resolution was passed.
Mr. HAMMETT asked leave to offer a resolu-
tion for extra pay for extra service of Charles W.
Stewart: objected to.
Mr. McKAY moved an order, when the House
adjourn, they adjourn to meet at 9 o'clock, a. m.,
on Monday.
Mr. WETHERED moved a substitute amend-
ment that the House meet to-morrow, (Sunday,) at
11 o'clock.
Mr. ELMER and D. S. SEYMOUR asked the
yeas and nays on the amendment.
Mr. WETHERED withdrew the motion, after
some conversation.
Mr. THOMPSON moved an amendment to meet
at 10 o'clock, Monday: agreed to.
The motion as amended was agreed to.
It was now 10j o'clock.
On motion the House then adjourned to Monday,
at 10 o'ciock.
IN SENATE.
Monday, March 3,1845.
The Senate met at 10 o'clock, pursuant to the
motion of adjournment, made by Mr. Evans, on
Saturday night.
The CHAI
IR laid before the Senate several com-
munications from the executive departments, in an-
swer to resolutions heretofore adopted.
Mr- BREESE presented joint resolutions passed
