CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
by the legislature of Illinois, in favor of the annex- :
ation of Texas; and said that, as the subject had
been disposed of, he should merely ask that the res-
olutions should be read and laid on the table.
They were accordingly read, and laid on the ta-
ble.
On motion of Mr. JARNAGIN, the adverse re-
ports of the Committee on Revolutionary Claims on
the petition of the heirs of Nathaniel Ashby, and
on the petition of Francis Sumter, administrator of
Thomas Sumter, were taken up and concurred in.
The resolution offered by the senator from Vir-
ginia, [Mr. Archer,] on Saturday, was next in or-
- der; but at his request it was passed oyer.
Mr. JOHNSON moved to postpone the previous
orders, and take up the joint resolution passed by
the House of Representatives some time since, rel-
ative to the evidences of land title issued for the
Houma claims; but the Senate refused to postpone
the previous orders.
On motion of Mr. WHITE, the Senate bill for
the payment of certain arrearages equitably due to
the Stockbridge Indians, and for other purposes,
was taken up, considered, and passed.
Mr. WOODBR1DGE, on behalf of the Commit-
tee on Public Lands, reported adversely on the fol-
lowing House bills, which had been referred to that
Committee:
An act for the relief of John Hollingsworth.
Aji act for the relief of John Boyd.
An act to grant to the Tennessee and Coosa rail-
road company a right of way through the public
land3.
The reports were concurred in.
Mr. "VV. also reported back the House bill for the
relief of Stanley White, and recommended its pas-
sage. On his motion, it was taken up, considered,
and passed.
Mr. ARCHER presented a memoiial from St.
Louis, Missouri, and also one from Mississippi,
praying for a reform in the naturalization laws. We
wished them to be referred to the Committee on the
Judiciary, that they might be preserved till Con-
gress should come to act upon the subject. They
were so referred.
OREGON.
Mr. ATCHISON moved to postpone the previous
orders, and take, up the House bill (439) to organize
a territorial government in the Oregon Territory,
and for other purposes.
Mr. ARCHER hoped the Senate would not eon-
sent to postpone the previous orders for any such
purpose, fie confessed he was utterly amazed at
the proposition. Had not gentlemen read the late
message from the President of the United States in
relation lo the pending negotiation? The President,
m answer to a call of the Senate for information
touching the progress ami prospect* of the negotia-
tion, had stated 
Mr. ALLEN rose to a question of order.
Mr. ARCHER I have aright to aay that the
President has stated that the negotiation is still in fa-
vorable progress; that it has been going on satisfac-
torily, and would probably have been ready to pre-
sent to us this session had not our negotiator fallen
sick. It was not the fault of the British negotiator,
who had shown no disposition to protract it. 1
cannot conceive the cause of this hot haste. We
ought not to go into even the consideration of the
uubject at the present session. Suppose we do: it
will take more time than remains to ns for legisla-
tion, even if we devote every moment to it from this
till to-morrow morning; and we could not get
through a single appropriation billjiecessnry for car-
rying on the government.
Mr. ATCHISON was aware that the President
had sent to the Senate a message that the negotia-
tion was still pending, and that there is a probabili-
ty it may be terminated in less than six months;
but, if the senator from Virginia had examined this
hill, he would have found nothing in it calculated to
put a stop to the negotiation. That was a matter
well considered, and it was not understood by the
friends o! this measure, that the adoption of this bill
would at all interfere with the rights of England,
us to the portion of territory she claims. Every
section of the bill had been so constructed an not to
violate the existing treaty, or anticipate the negoti-
ation. On the contrary, it was confidently believed
the passage of the bill would facilitate the negotia-
tion.
Mr. EVANS was really astonished that any such
motion should be made. It could not be expected
that it could prevail. Here were the -large appro-
priation bills to take up, every one of which was ne-
cessary for the carrying on of the government.
Gentlemen must know very well that this Oregon
bill would consume the entire day, unless it was in-
tended to force it through without discussion .
Mr. ALLEN said it ought to be borne in mind
that the President himself, in his annual message,
recommended the passage of a bill not unlike the
bill which was now the object of this motion; and
in his executive message to the Senate stated the
necessity of such a measure, notwithstanding the
pendency of the unfinished negotiation, or what
might be the issue of that negotiation between the
executive departments of the two governments.
According to the President's opinion this bill ought
to be passed. Now, had we not had time to dis-
pose of it? We had had it before us for three
months. It had passed the House of Representa-
tives by an immense majority. It had been here_
five or six weeks. The committee had had time to
examine its provisions. It had been postponed
from day to day arjd from hour to hour; and it was
now to be lost, when we had the President's mes-
sage recommending it, and the earnest appeals of the
people calling for it.
He hoped there would be no obstacle thrown in
the way of the passage of this measure. It was a
measure of far more vital importance than senators
seemed to imagine. It was a measure involving the
question whether you will protect a large body of
American people who emigrated there, expecting to
be followed by the laws of the United States, whilst
they owe allegiance to the government of the United
States. No man doubted the title of our govern-
ment to the Territory of Oregon. Every man knew
it would be eur soil; every man knew it was to be
covered by our people, and that they are bound to
be protected; ana the question was, whether they-
believed that the American people were to be left
unprotected to the attacks of the English agents
there?
There could be no reasonable objection to the
passage of the bill. The voicc of the nation had de-
manded, and the voice of the people, in the House
of Representatives, had repeated that demand; the
President himself had recommended this measure,
independent of the fact of the pending negotiation.
Should we nowsay to these people,that they shall owe
allegiance to that government which now refuses to
extend over them the sovereign rights of citizenship?
He thought nothing could be more unjust than the
refusal of the Senate to exercise sovereignty over
that people.
He hoped, therefore, that all those who were real-
ly friendly to this measure, and of extending the
laws of the republic coextensive with the territo-
ry owned and settled by the American people,
would now stand forward, and show their hands at
a moment so vital as regarded the action of the Sen-
ate upon it at this session. He had no idea that a
great body of American people who had been en-
couraged to go to Oregon—encouraged by the sol-
emn declaration of this government that the territory
belongs to the American people, and by the vote of
the Senate that the protection of this government
would be extended over that territory—encouraged
by the executive messages not only at this, but
former sessions of Congress—and encouraged by the
almost unanimous vote of the House of Representa-
tives—should now, after having been encouraged to
go there, under the solemn promise that the laws of
this government would be extended over them, be
refused this protection.
Mr. CRITTENDEN thought the motion a most
unseasonable one. He never did witness a more
unseasonable occasion for the display of oratorial
flourishes than this. On the very last day of the
Hession the chairman of the Committee on Finance,
in charge of the appropriation bills necessary to be
passed for the carrying on of the' government, in-
forms the Senate that they demand its attention, and
that no other business can interfere without stopping
the wheels of government. He hoped the question
would be taken at once. The whole country should
know what gentleman preferred getting up this bill
to acting upon measures indispensably necessary for
sustaimi g the government. He wished to mark
this transaction to the whole American people. He
hoped the gentlemen would be indulged by record-
ing their votes for this motion in preference to going
on with the necessary business at the closing hour
of the session.
Mr. ALLEN had but a short explanation to make
in answer to the senator from Kentucky. The
friends of this measure had been lying in wait the
whole session for it. The fault was not theirs that
it was not acted upon long ago. They were ready
and anxious to act upon it, when there was abun-
dance of time. But it had been held back against
their Will—forced back to the very lust day of the
session by those who now give, as a sufficient rea-
son for not acting upon it, that it is too late for dis-
cussion. The subject had been fully and ably dis-
cussed; there was nothing now to be done but to
vote upon it. Had not its friends over and over
again urged the propriety x>f shortening the protract-
ed debate on another question, on the ground that
it was necessary to act this session upon the Ore-
gon bill? They proposed to sit out that discussion
day and night to get it to a close, in order to reach
this question. Had they not !one all they could to
reach it before the lastdays of the session' And novy
the argument urged against considering it is, that it
is too late. Who made it too latc? Not the friends
of the measure, for they have been readyat any time
to act upon it. They had, day after day, implored
gentlemen on the other side to despatch other mat-
ters with a view of giving full time for disposing of
this, but to no purpose.
Mr. WHITE interposed to ask if it was in order
to debate the subject on the motion to postpone the
previous orders.
The CHAIR said it was in order to state reasons
for the object in view of postponing the previous
orders.
Mr. ALLEN only intended to make the remarks
he had made, in consequence of the observations of
the senator from Kentucky, to the effect that the
people should know whose fault it was that the
business of the government was delayed. He (Mr.
A.) wished to clear his side of the Senate from the
charge, by declaring what every body here knew—
that the friends of Oregon had been anxiously press-
ing, the whole session, for action on this measure,
and that if it had been delayed to the last moment,
it was not their fault.
Mr. CRITTENDEN. Who has made any
charge of delay against the senator and his friends?
or does the gentleman mean to imply that there has
been any course of obstructive opposition resorted to
by gentlemen on this side, for the purpose of shrink-
ing from the subject?
Mr. ALLEN. The senator called upon the peo-
ple of this nation to mark that we were, at the last
day of the session, calling up this measure, and
should be responsible for the consequent defeat of
other measures. In reply, the question was asked,
whether or not we had been urging again and
again the despatch of other business, in order to get
at this subject in time for its disposal. The object
was, to show that the excuse of want of time could
not be urged with fairness or propriety against us.
I did not say gentlemen had wasted time for the
purpose of obstructing this measure; but that we
on our part constantly proposed despatch of other
business, in order to reach this question.
Mr. CRITTENDEN was satisfied with the sena-
tor's explanation. He had said—what he would now
repeat—that if the subject was taken up, as proposed
by the pending motion, it would be leaving the
Senate open to the charge of preferring debate upon
it to the despatch of necessary business for sustain-
ing the government. He had no objection to the
display made by such a motion as this, of the supe-
rior zeal and patriotism of gentlemen on the Oregon
question. He knesv that the senator had been ex-
hibiting himself as a sort of champion on this thing,
and had no doubt at all that it arose out of his great
zeal for the service of his country. He did not
blame gentlemen for taking a conspicuous part in
every question calculated "to win popularity. But
there is a time and a place for this sort of thing. It
was not certainly here, when .the real business of the
government is pending, and whilst there is not the least
hope of successful action on the question proposed
to be taken up, to the interruption of all other meas-
ures. Did the gentleman expect that a measure of
such vital consequences should be gone blindly into
without debate, because his own mind is made up,
and he is satisfied it should be adopted^ Did he
think that a sufficient motive fox the action of the
whole Senate* Was that to justify its silent con-
currence? He hoped the senator from Missouri
would yield to the necessity of the cose, and with-
draw his motion; if not, he hoped the Senate would
at once promptly vote it down. The consequence
of its adoption would be the loss of all the important
business yet to be acted upon.
Mr. ALLEN observed that, so far as the remarks
of the senator from Kentucky were personal to him,
