38 8
CONCESSIONAL globe
it was not necessary to say more than that, for eve-
ry part he took on thiti or any other question, he
was responsible only to his own constituency and
that tribunal which searches ami judges the motives
and actions of men. And so, with regard to the
consequences of the motion now pending, the sena-
tor from Kentucky mi^ht rest assured that, on this
side of the Senate, there were hearts out-and-out
ready to meet and to bear the responsibility of their
action. They would not waste time unnecessarily
in long speeches on this bill; they were ready to
vote on it as fast as the gentlemen on the other side
chose to vote. They wanted the vote, and they
would take the responsibility on themselves. They
only deeired the gentlemen on the other side to do
the same. There is responsibility on both sides of
the question.
Mr. WOODBURY considered this a mere practi-
cal question; and it should be looked at dispassion-
ately. The business before the Committee on Pi-
nance was, he believed, in as mature a state of ad-
vancement as usual at this stage of the session. Mr.
W. was friendly to the Oregon bill, and wished it to
be taken up at least for a limited time. This, he
presumed, might be done without necessarily sacri-
ficing important business of another kind. He
would Sderiike neither one branch of the public
busmen nor the other. He thought there was a
c;ood opportunity to < ousider this bill while some of
the appropriation bills were being perfected in com-
mittee.
Mr. HUNTINGTON remonstrated against the
course of Mr. Allen-, and considered it most ex-
traordinary that, at a time like this, within twelve
hours of the termination of this session and of the
present Congress, a measure of this magnitude
should be called up. As to the fact that the other
House had passed the bill, and the President had
recommended iho measure, he would ask, had the
Senate nothing to "ay in the mattei? The taking up
this hill would interrupt all other business. How
could the comnii'tecH, still having unfinished busi-
ness before, them, mature any thing while their mem-
bers were .sntin^ lieie debating and voting in open
Sennte'
Mr. WOODBURY. We may take up this bill
for an nilcrvctl, lu-vau.se some of the appropriation
bills arc yet m committee, and not ready for imme-
diate action.
Mr. HUNTINGTON, There are appropriation
bilk on the table.
Mr. EVANS. Tt is very true some of the appro-
priation bills are in committee—some that did not
come to the Senate till ]] o'clock on Saturday night
—but how are the}' to he considered in committee,
if senators, who an4 responsible for that considera-
tion, air to sit line (kbating the question proposed
to be railed up5
The question was then taken on the motion to
postpone tlit* previous orders, and resulted—yeas
21, nays 23, as fullows:
\ F.AS --Musi's Allen, Ashley, Atchison. Atherton, Bag-
by, Behton, Broo-«e, 13ueh:maii, <'olqmtt, Dickinson, Dix,
Fairfield. Hannogan, Haj woo.l. Lcwis.Semple, Sevier, Stur-
(jcon, Tappon, U oll;< i\ and V\'uo<Hmij — iil
jNA\S.—.\]pc->rs Arehfr, Barrow, Borrien, Choate, Clay-
ton, CrittaicVn, urn, J< vans, Fo-ter, Francis, Iluger,
Huntington. Johnson, McI)uHh>, Mangnm, Mil-
ler, vioroluMtl, f helps, Porter, Simmons, Upnam, and
VVhitti— vio
EXPLANATION.
Mr. I5AGBV rose to say, that for the first time
Finer lie had had the honor of being a member of this
body he had to ask the indulgence of the Sena'e for
a lev/ iiio.ni ills, while he called its attention to a
iiuittri entirely and exclusively personal to himself.
He regretted exceedingly that he should be under
the in:u'-,.Miy of asking this favor, at any time or
under any circumstances; and more especially did
he regret being called upon to ask this indulgence
when he reflected that the last hours of the session
were rapidly mnniiig out. Hut the Senate 'of the
United States had a high collective character to
maintain; and that diameter could only be preserved
by eacii member individually maintaining what was
due to himself as a senatoi and as a man, and repel-
ling false, calumnious, and unjust accusations made
upon him.
He felt called upon by a solemn sense of duty to
state, in relation to the great question which had so
long agitated this country—which he must, without
he slightest imputation of vanity,be permitted to say
he had had some humble instrumentality in settling,
so far as the, action of Congress was concerned—
that his course upon that question had brought upon
Jiim, in a communication from the Washington cor-
respondent of the Richmond Enquirer, what he beg-
ged leave to send to the Secretary's table to have
read.
Here the Secretary 'of ihe Senate read the fol-
lowing extract from the Richmond Enquirer, dated
28tli t2t:
"A correspondent fromWashington, on Wednes-
day night, (from the Capitoi, 11 o'clock,) informs
us :
"To the surprise of a great many—nearly all—hut
not all, Bagby, of Alabama, spoke to-night against
the House resolutions as unconstitutional. Such
bursts of triumph as the whigs generally sent forth
in the hotels and streets, you can hardly imagine—
nor the full extent of the denunciations of the demo-
crats who proclaimed him a treacherous deserter.
Texas was considered lost. My own sanguine tempe-
rament did not allow me so to consider it. I said, off-
'hand, it is a bullying finesse, and he does not mean
to do what he says. Presently D. H. Lewis rose to
his feet, and was about to give his colleague what he
deserved, when he sent word to Lewis, by Payne of
Alabama, if he (L.) would not speak, he (B ) would
vo'e for the resolutions, with a very slight modification.
With that understanding, Lewis took his seat again;
and thus the anti-Texans triumph in his speech, while
her friends say but little, under his promise made
since his speech to vote for the resolution. At the
moment of his defection, it was announced that a
whig (not heretofore claimed as a friend) would vote
for the resolutions, and thus the vote slill appeared
to stand 28 to 24. Whether the Benton men will
come in (as they promise) or shall pursue a course
that is to defeat the great measure, we have yet to
learn. Our friends still say we shall carry the ques-
tion to-morrow. 1 fear there is muh greater cause
to doubt it than we had supposed.
"11 o'clock^ Wednesday night.) The Senate adjourn-
ed at half past 10—after "an agreement was made,
that at or about 3 o'clock to-morrow, the vote should
be taken."
In this time of general acrimony and defamation,
when slander after slander was stalking on stilts
over the fences of human reputation, and detraction
mercilessly hurling her envenomed shafts at per-
haps far better men than he was, it was not aston-
ishing that even he should have come in for a small
portion of unjust denunciation. But he had made
it a rule through life (and it was one from which he
should not depart) to vindicate his character from
unjust assaults, and to repel all assults upon it, come
from what quater they might, provided they were
worthy of notice.
The editor of the Richmond Enquirer was a man
venerable for his years, distinguished for his in-
telligence, and, he understood, for his social virtues,
occupying a high rank in that profession in which
he had so long labored. How far it might be com-
patible with the duties of such an editor, and such a
man, to give circulation, coequal in extent with
the extent of the circulation of his paper, to the
atrocious calumny contained in that article upon a
member of this body, he should not pretend to dis-
cuss or determine here. He left that to the editor's
own future deliberate reflection, and to the enlight-
ened and intelligent judgment of an impartial world.
That paper was published m the land of his birth.
It was published in that land where his ancestors,
through all past generations, lay entombed—pub-
lished in that land where the friends of his youth
and his childhood, and where the brothers of his
heart, still resided. The effect that a publication of
that kind, uncontradicted by him, would be likely
to have, under the representation that was made, and
the character of the place where it was published,
called upon him to contradict it.
He did not know who the author of that commu-
nication was—he went further, he did not care who
the author was. It might be one of those harpies
who prowl about this Capitol, whose occupation is
lying, and the bread of whose life is the scandal
and defamation of other men. If the author was
of that class, he left him to the infamy and detesta-
tion to which his occupation consigned him. If he
belonged to that class of whom better things might
be expected than "bearing false witness against his
neighbor," he left him to Heaven, and to the
"thorns that in his bosom lodge, to prick and sting
him."
What did the article imply? It implied this, and
charged this: that m the face of the American Sen-
ate—in the face of the American people—in the
face of all Christendom where the Richmond En-
quirer was read—he was induced to recede from
and abandon the position in which he stood in re-
gard to the annexation of Texas, under the influ-
ence of a motive which, permit him to say, had
no abiding place in his heart. And that was,
that after his honorable colleague, [Mr. Lewis,]
whom he intended, with great pleasure, to exempt
from all participation in this business, took the floor
for the purpose of giving him '(Mr. B.) what he de-
served, he took the alarm, and sent a member of the
other House to him [Mr. Lewis] to say that, if he
w#uld not sacrifice him, (Mr. B.,)butwouldsavehim
from therod, he would vote for the Hou3e resolutions
with a very slight modification. He exempted his
colleague from all participation in this matter. He
denied it in the presence of the Senate of the United
States. He denied, desirable as it might havebeen
to have conferred with liis colleague upon that or
any subject, that he ever sent a message to him ei-
ther upon that subject, or his speech in regard to
Texas, or his vote in regard to Texas!, or conferred
with him in reference to that subject. He denied
another thing—that lie had ever said to any human
being that he would vote for the House resolutions,
" with a very slight modification." And he denied
thirdly another thing—that he had ever said, or
intimated, that he would vote, for the House resolu-
tions upon any other condition than that condition
which fie stated to the Senate on the night upon
which he declared his views upon the subject, and
that was, that the amendment offered by the senator
from Mississippi [Mr. Walker]—which was the
bill proposed by the senator from Missouri (Mr.
Benton)—should be attached to them.
[Mr. Benton. It was your bill as well as mine.]
That was the condition, and the only condition
upon which he ever said he would vote for the reso-
lutions from the House of Representatives. These
were the three great points implied in that communi-
cation; nnd, without detaining the Senate any longer,
he would avail himself of this high and solemn oc-
casion, when the time of the Senate was passing
away, to say that every substantive averment con-
tained in that communication in relation to his con-
duct, his speech, and his vote upon the Texas ques-
tion—that all the allegations in that communica-
tion were foul, unfounded, and villanous false-
hoods. In saying this, he was discharging, first of
all, a duty which he owed to himself; he was dis-
charging a duty which he owed to this honorable
body; he was discharging and fulfilling a duty which
he owed that constituency whom he had never de-
serted and never betrayed; he was discharging a duty
which he owed to his children.
He thanked the Senate for its indulgence; and he
would no longer trespass upon its time.
Mr. WALKER said it was due to the senator from
A labarna to state that he (Mr. W.) knew, before
that honorable senator made his speech, as well as
at the time, that the amendment which it was his in-
tention to offer had received his sanction, and would
receive his vote. Everything that he (Mr. B.) had
said, therefore, in relation to that matter, was in
strict conformity to truth.
Mr. CRITTENDEN. Sir, I move for leave to
withdraw the papers in relation to the case of John
White. Leave was granted.
civil. AND DIPLOMATIC APPROPRIATION
BILJ..
Mr EVANS, on behalf of the Committee on Con- '
ference appointed by the Senate to meet the com-
mittee of the House, communicated their report on
the amendments agreed upon in reference to the
civil and diplomatic appropriation bill.
Several senators requested the amendments agreed
upon would be explained.
Mr. WOODBURY said it would only be neces-
sary to state the amendments disagreed to, and
those which the committee recommended the Senate
to recede from.
Mr. EVANS then proceeded to explain the re-
commendations of the Committee of Conference.
First they proposed to recede from the Senate
amendment to increase the compensation to the
chief of the bureau of construction, and bureau of
provision. They also receded from the amendment
appropriating £200 for the librarian of the Patent
Office: also from the amendment for alterations
about the law library: also that of $3,000 for laying
the foundation of the west wing of the Patent Office:
also the $5,000 for the employment of additional
counsel to defend the United States in suits in
Louisana, Arkansas, Mississippi, &c.; also the
$4,000 for copies of the laws of the United States:
also, the $ 1,000 for a monument to the memory of
