390
CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
Mr. WALKER rose to say that, as a member of
the Judiciary Committee, he had not seen the re*
port or the testimony which it contained. He must
not, therefore, be considered as concurring in,any
part of ik
Mr. BERRIEN said, no; that the report was
adopted by the committee during the absence of the
senator from Mississippi.
Mr. McDUFFIE inquired whether it was a vo-
luminous report that was proposed to be printed.
Mr. BERRIEN said tne report was very short,
but embraced a good deal of testimony.
• The question was taken on the motion to print
5,000 extra copies of the report, and decided in the
affirmative, as follows:
Messie,. Archer. Barrow, Bayard, Berrien, Choate,
Clajton, Ciittendeii, Dayton, Kvans, Foster, Francis, Hen-
derson, Huntington, Jainagin, Johnson, Mangum, Miller,
Morehead, Phelps, Poiter, Simmons, Upliam, White, and
Woodbridge—'2-i.
NAYS—Messrs. Allan, Ashley, Atchison, Atlieiton, Bag-
by, Benton, JBreese, Buchanan, Dickinton, Dix, Faiifield,
Hannegari, Haywood, Lewis, McDuftie, Niles, Semple, Se-
vier, Sturgeon, Tappan, Walker, and Woodbury—ii2-
A message was received from the House of Rep-
resentatives announcing the rejection of the bill to
enable the Chickasaw Indians to try the validity of
their claims m the courts of the United States.
Also, a message announcing the suspension of
the 16th joint rule, so far as related to a joint reso-
lution dcelanng that the new post office bill shall go
into operation m July next.
Mr. EVANS, from the Finance Committee, re-
ported, with amendments, the navy appropriation
bill.
After some reports from committees were received,
the Senate, at half-past three o'clock, took a recess
till five.
EVENING SESSION.
The Senate having reassembled at five o'clock,
Mr. EVANS, fiom the Committee on Finance,
reported back the army appropriation bill. On his
motion, the committee was discharged from the fur-
ther consideration of all subjects referred to it and
not acted upon.
He also o lie red a resolution to purchase the re-
mainder of the printed copies of the document on
the funding system of the United Suites at $1 50per
copy. The resolution was adopted.
On motion of Mr. WHITE, the Committee on
Indian Affairs was discharged from the further con-
sideration of subjects referred to it and not acted
upon.
On motion of Mr. HUNTINGTON, the Com-
mittee on Commerce was discharged from the fur-
ther consideration of subjects referred to it, and not
acted upon.
A similar motion prevailed in relation to the Post
Office Committee, at the instance of Mr. MER-
RICK.
DRAWBACKS.
On motion of Mr. DIX, the Senate bill (with
amendments made by the House,) allowing draw-
backs on foreign goods exported in the original
packages to Chihuahua and Sante Fe, was taken up
for consideration of the House amendments.
The amendments were to the effect of making the
law general, so as to admit of drawbacks on foreign
goods transported any where through the United
States to adjacent countries.
Mr. DIX explained the amendments, and spoke
in favor of concurring in them.
Mr. EVANS, although heretofore opposed to the
extension of this system, had since given more at-
tention to it, and was now satisfied that it would be
advantageous to the commerce oi the United States.
After a few remarks from Messrs. CRITTEN-
DEN, EVANS, HUNTINGTON, WOOD-
BRIDGE, and McDUFFIE, the amendments were
concurred in.
On motion of Mr. JOHNSON, the joint resolu-
tion in relation to the j1 >uma claim was taken up,
amended, read a third time and passed.
NAVY APPROPRIATION BILL.
On motion of Mr. EVANS, the navy appropria-
tion, bill reported back from the Committee on
Finance with amendments, was taken up as in com-
mittee of the whole, and the amendments were
adopted. -
Mr. HUNTINGTON moved an amendment regu-
lating the pay of engineers of steam vessels in the
naval service: adopted.
Mr, CRITTENDEN moved an amendment to
the effect that notices of contracts for the navy be
advertised in two newspapers in this city of the
largest circulation: adopted.
Mr. TAPPAN moved an amendment appropri-
ating $25,000 for the erection of a marine hospital in
Pittsburgh on the site purchased by the government
for that purpose: adopted.
Mr. STURGEON moved an amendment to ap-
propriate a sum not exceeding $2,276, for the dis-
charge of the Zantzinger claim against the Navy
Department.
Mr. EVANS opposed this introduction of private
claims into the appropriation bills, and would resist
every such attempt.
After some discussion as to the merits of the
claim, the amendment was rejected.
On motion of Mr. BAYARD, an amendment was
adopted appropriating #5,000 for testing plans to
prevent the explosion of steam-boilers.
Mr. STURGEON moved to amend the bill by
adding an appropriation for the relief of Charles S.
Sibber.
Mr. EVANS opposed the motion.
After some discussion the amendment was re-
jected.
Mr. McDUFFIE concurred with the chairman of
the Committee on Finance, that it was highly im-
proper to introduce private claims into the general
appropriation billsj there was, however, a claim
which should be regarded as of a public nature—it
was that of the heirs of Robert Fulton, a bill for
which had several times passed the Senate. He
moved to amend the bill by inserting an appropria-
tion of $76,300 "for compensation to the heirs of
Robert Fulton, in full for the claim of said Robert
Fulton against the United States, due at the time of
the death of said Fulton, for inventing and building
steam batteries and superintending the construction
of the steam ship Fulton, and for the detention and
damages to his steamboat Vesuvius, and for the
great oenefUs conferred on the country by the appli-
cation of steam to navigation."
After a few remarks from Messrs. EVANS and
BUCHANAN, as to the evil consequences of in-
troducing private claims in the general appropria-
tion bills, the question was taken on the amend-
ment, and resulted—yeas 19, nays 27, as follows:
YEAS—Messrs. Bajard, 13einen, Choate, Foster, Fiancis,
finger, Johnson, McDufhe, Mangum, Merrick, Miller, More-
head, Phelps, Porter, Simmons, Sturgeon, Upharo, Walker,
and Woodbridge—19
NAYS—Mes&rs. Allen, Archer, Ashley, Atchison, Ather-
ton, Bagby, Barrow, Benton, Breese. Buchanan, Clayton,
Colquitt, Crittenden, Dayton, Dickinson, Dix, Fairfield,
Hannegan. Haywood, Henderson, Jarnagm, Lewie, Niles,
Semple, Sevier, Tappan, and Woodbury—*27.
So the amendment was rejected.
Mr. BAYARD moved to strike out the fifth sec-
tion.
Messrs. TAPPAN and SIMMONS hoped it
would not be stricken ouj.
The Senate refused to strike out the fifth sec-
tion.
On motion of Mr. BAY ADD, it was agreed to
strike out the sixth section.
On motion of Mr. JARNAGIN, it was agreed to
insert the District of Columbia as a territory for the
apportionment of scholars and apprentices in the
naval service.
The bill was then reported back to the Senate; the
amendments were concurred in, and being engrossed,
the bill was read a third time, and passed.
ARMY APPROPRIATION BILL.
On motion by Mr. EVANS, the Senate took up
the army appropriation bill, reported from the Com-
mittee on Finance with amendments.
The bill was considered by the Senate as in com-
mittee of the whole.
The first amendment was agreed to. It required
that, of the $360,000 appropriated for the manufac-
ture of arms at the national armory, $100,000 should
be applied for repairs.
The second amendment, increasing the appropria-
tion for "surveys in reference to the military de-
fences of the frontier, inland and maritime," from
$10,000 to $20,000, was concurred in.
The third amendment increased the appropriation
for surveys of the northern and northwestern lakes
from $20,000 to $30,000; which was agreed to.
The fourth amendment proposed to strike out ihe
following item:
"For purchasing the site and commencing the necessary
works for an armory at Fort Massac, in the State of Illinois,
the sum of $20,000, to be expended under the direction of
the Secretary of War."
Mr. BREESE was sorry that this amendment had
been reported by the Committee on Finance. If
the appropriation should not be passed, injustice
would be done the West. The militia of that country
now amounted to 700,000 men, and its annual
increase was 20,009. It was a well known fact
that they were suffering for want of arms. The
two armories now in existence at Harper's Ferry
and Springfield could not supply them. Upon
these two armories the government had already ex-
pended from twelve to fourteen millions of dollars;
and yet 020,000 was to be refused to an armory in
Illinois. He read from the report of a board of
officers appointed to ascertain the best point for an
armory in the West. That board, composed of the
most competent officers, had examined 48 sites,
and finally decided in favor of Fort Massac as hav-
ing more advantages than any other point. They
said this point was destined to be the commercial
centre of the West. It was in a region of coal and
iron, and accessible to steamboats at all seasons of
the year.
Mr. EVANS said he objected to the establish-
ment of an armory in an appropriation bill. If an
armory was to be established, let it be done by a
separate bill, authorizing the appointment of a su-
perintendent and other officers. This bill only asked
$20,000 for the armory at Fort Massac; but did any
one believe that 20,00(5 dollars would build a armory?
Besides, there were already two armories, and some
thought one enough. They were in good order,
and made arms very cheaply at present. As to the
wants of the militia for arms, he contended that the
arms given by the government to the States were
not intended for distribution among the militia, but
to be deposited in the State arsenals.
Mr. WALKER said he had supposed that the
question of the establishment of an armory in the
West was setled. It was determined years ago that
an armory should be established, and the only diffi-
culty had been in relation to the site. But now the
senator from Maine reopened the question.
Mr. EVANS said he was in conference with the
head of the ordnance department to-day, and that
officer begged him not to allow this appropiiation to
pass.
Mr. WALKER said he did not care for the opin-
ion of one colonel of ordnance, and that opinion
was no argument against a conclusion hitherto ar-
rived at by Congress. Although this armory at
Port Massac was not to be located at the point
which he desired, yet it was dee.ided upon by a com-
petent board of officers, who had convinced him by
the force of argument contained in their report. He
appealed to western men to sustain this appropria-
tion; for the armory must be at Fort Massac or no-
where at present.
Mr. JARNAGIN did not consider Congress
bound by the reports of boards of officers on this
subject.
Mr. CRITTENDEN said he could not assume it
for a fact that this armory must be located at Fort
Massac or nowhere. He differed with the board of
officers that Fort Massac was the best sile for an
armory. That site was not favored by the War
Department. Mr. C. entered into an advocacy of
certain points in his own State as superior to that of
Fort Massac.
Mr. BREESE replied to the objections urged
against the establishment of an armory at Fort Mas-
sac. He regarded the matter as long since deter-
mined upon. As to the sites in Kentucky referred
to by the senator, [Mr. Crittenden,] they had no
no doubt been examined by the board of army offi-
cers. True, there was not water power at Fort
Massac, but there were abundant facilities for
steam-power, which was much better and cheaper.
Had it not been for the interference of Col. Talcott,
the appropriation would not have been objected to.
Mr. CRITTENDEN said there was no interfer-
ence on the part of ordnance officers.
Mr. EVANS explained that he had himself de-
sired to have the opinion of Col. Talcott upon this
matter.
Mr. BREESE said lie was willing to pay proper
respect to the opinion of Col. Talcott; but he was a
mere subordinate, whose views should not over-
weigh the heretofore expressed will of Congress.
Mr. CRITTENDEN urged the advantages pre-
sented by several sites in Kentucky. The legisla-
ture of the State gave authority over the necessary
water power. And yet, out of four advantageous
sites for an army, one only was examined.
The question was then taken on the amendment
of the Committee on Finance, and it was rejected as
follows;
