392
CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
Huger, Niles, Phelps, Porter, Setople, Sevier, Simmoas,
Tappan, and White—"26.
Mr. McDUFFIE now rose and said he consider
ed it his solemn duty to oppose this bill, though the
effort to do it should, exhaust the remainder of the
session. He considered it ti;e most enormous, un-
principled, infamous measure—but he would not be
forced into the debate. He moved to lay the bill on
the table.
Mr. WOODBRIDGE demanded the yeas and
nays; which being taken, resulted as follows:
YEAS—Messrs. Archer, Atherton, Baghy, Evans, Fair-
field, Hugm-, McDuttie. jSiles, Sevier, and Woodburj—10.
NAYS-Messis Allen, Ashley, Atchison. Bairow, Bay-
ard, Benton, Bemen, Breese, Buchanan, Ghoate, Crittenden,
Dayton, Dickinson, Dix, Foster. Francis, Ilannegan, Hay-
wood, Henderson, Jarnagm, Johnson, i\langum, Miller,
Morehead, Phelps, Porter, tfemple, Simmons, Sturgeon,
Tappan, I pham, Walker, "White, and Woodbridge—34.
So the Semite refused to lay the bill on the table.
Mr. EVANS inquired what was tlie aggregate
amount appropriated by the bill.
Mr. WOODBRIDGE said it was about one mil-
lion six hundred thousand dollars.
Mr. McDUFFIE. More than that. It was nearer
two millions.
Mr. EVANS asked if the Senate was aware of
the amount of appropriations which had been made
at this Congress' He had endeavored to keep up
with them as well as he could, but he confessed they
had got far beyond his calculations; and he apprised
gentlemen now that they must not be surprised if
they should find the finances of the country running
very low indeed before the year was out. And if,
as was not impossible, they should find themselves
under the necessity of borrowing money, he prayed
them to remember that that necessity, ifitcame, would
have been imposed by their own legislation. Mr.
E. had no scruples on the subject ofinternal improve-
ments, yet he confesced that the amount proposed in
this bill appeared to him enormous. If Congress
should appropriate half a million, or even seven or
eight hundred thousand dollars a year for objects of
this description, ho should consider it a just propor-
tion of the public expenditure; but to present a mass
ofitcms of so large an amount, to be passed in this
lumping manner, at this last hour of the session,
was, in his judgment, an unwarrantable proceeding.
He asked when this bill had been received from the
House'
Mr. WOODBRIDGE replied, it had come in on
Saturday.
Mr. EVANS. On Saturday; and it was now
Monday night, and gentlemen had been sitting in
the Senate all day: how was it possible that the^
could have examined the details of the bill? Mr. ill.
should not vote for it. It was a bill which, without
appropriate data, went to impose a severe burden on
the treasury. He had no desire to revive the old
contioversy 011 this vexed subject ofinternal im-
provements; but he could not help recollecting with
what rejoicings and jubilations gentlemen on the
other side had congratulated the country that this
great, all-devouring monster had at length been
strangled by the hero of New Orleans; and it was a
matter of pude and boasting that so nefarious a sys-
tem had been put down forever under Gen. Jack-
son's administration. His partisans promulgated to
to the world that all works of internal improvement
by rhe general government were thenceforth to cease
forever. The whole proceeding was stigmatized as
unconstitutional, latitudinarian, wasteful, and profli-
gate. Yet some of those very gentlemen were
among the strenuous advocates of this bill. Mr. E.
entertained no such scruples; he did not object to
the appropriations in this bill as an unconstitutional
application of the public money: but he prayed gen-
tlemen on the democratic side, who argued in favor
of a bill like this, to expunge that article from their
political creed Let us hear no more about its being
a political heresy to advocate internal improvements
by the general government.
Mr. E. objected to this bill because so large a
number and \aiiety of objects were embraced by it
without incrimination. lie was in favor of the ap-
propriations for the improvement of our western
rivers, and he would include with some other im-
portant objects, but to a vast many others he could
not'consent. He admitted, and he had personal rea-
sons to know, the great difficulty of framing a bill
which should give satisfaction to all. But he com-
plained of the late period of the session at which all
the appropriation bills of the present year had been
sent from the other House. However, as it was
late, he would not prolong the debate, but only
wished to say, in voting against this bill, that he
was influenced by no hostility to works of internal
improvement.
Mr. SIMMONS expressed his surprise at the
course and at the language of his honorable friend
from Maine, who had so recently proposed still fur-
ther to augment the number of items in this very
harbor bill, by proposing some appropriations of
his own. These had been rejected, and Mr. S.
was not without his fears that that might be the
true source of the sentor's sudden and violent oppo-
sition to the bill. His friend complained of the
large amount, but he was inclined to believe that if,
instead of a million and a half, the bill had appro-
priated two millions, it would have received that
gentleman's warm support.
Mr. EVANS interposed to say that it would have
encountered his decided hostility.
' Mr. SIMMONS said he was only induced to
think so from the fact that the senator liad voted for
every one of the additions to the bill. Now, gentle-
men all knew that great and unprecedented losses
had recently been experienced in the West; and he
thought it was better that the Senate should do ef-
fectually whatever it did for the benefit of that por-
tion of the Union. Let gentlemen in the East be
contented to wait till their turn should come round.
Mr. S., for one, was willing to be postponed for the
present, and let his friends from the West have the
objects they desired. He did not consider this as a
mere local bill: its objects were of national import-
ance; and he thought the nation was a gainer as
much when improvements were made in Louisiana,
as when they were made in Maine. Our internal
commerce floated on the lakes and rivers, while our
external covered every sea. He thought it was a
duty as much to guard and facilitate the one as the
other; and for objects in his part of the country he
was content to wait his time.
Mr. McDUFFIE said he was very sorry to be
obliged to oppose this bill; but he was constrained,
by a solemn sense of duty, to occupy the floor for a
brief period in endeavoring to prevent the final eon-
summation of an act so monstrous as this. Could
he suffer a bill like this to pass without an attempt
to oppose, to analyze its objects, and to show to the
country their true, character, he should despise
himself as a base traitor to the trust reposed in
him. The Senate had been told by the senator
from Massachusetts, [Mr. Choate,] and with
some force of reasoning, when the bill was up
for the admission of Iowa and Florida into the
Union, that the principle of thus combining two
States in the same bill was radically wrong, because
many would be induced to vote for such a bill for the
sake of introducing one State who were entirely op-
posed to the admission of the other. Now, though
the principle of argument was right, yet it did not
apply in that case, because the Union being estab-
lished upon compromises between the North and the
South, the admitting of a Northern and Southern State
by the same bill was only a further canjing out of
the compromise principle, and was therefore m strict
conformity to the spirit of the constitution. But
what did they see now? Here was a bill which
combined not two, but more than two hundred dif-
ferent objects, not one of which could stand alone
on its own merits, and owed its entire prospect of
Buccess to this very suspicious combination. Why
were all these put in one and the same bill? When
the senator from Kentucky [Mr. Crittenden] pre-
sented that item of the bill which was clearly the
most national in its character, (if any one of them
was national,) what was the result? It was reject-
ed, and rejected on the ground that, if it was taken
out of this harbor bill, the bill must be lost. It was
the first time in the Congress of the United States
when a principle, he would not say so corrupt, be-
cause that was a harsh word, but so very objection-
able, had been openly avowed as that a measure must
be retained in order, by its merits, to carry this
monster, this many-headed hydra, through both
Houses of Congress. Let gentleman take out of
this bill the appropriations for the benefit of any one
State, and put them together in a bill by themselves:
would such a bill pass? Every body knew that it
would not. But they were put together, and kept
together, that the whole might be carried by a coup
de main. It would be inconsistent with the respect
which he entertained for himself, and the decorum
imposed by the presence of the Senate, to apply to
an attempt like this the language which he felt pre-
sented itself to his lips; the least he could say of it
was, that it was a combination to plunder the public
treasury. Yes; he repeated the assertion: it was
neither more nor less than a combination, to plunder
the public treasury.
Mr. McD. could say, with the senator from
Maine, [Mr Evans,] that he entertained no consti-
tutional scruples in voting for objects of internal
improvement, if they were of a strictly national
character. He was not opposed to this bill on party
grounds, nor simply as an expenditure of public
money; but if he was called upon, as the last pub-
lic act of his life, to swear that he believed these ap-
propriations were asked rather for the sake of hav-
ing the public money expended in different portions
of the country than for the sake of the public
works indicated in the bill, he could do so with a
good conscience. The question on this bill was a
question of the distribution of money from the treas-
ury; and he must again solemnly protest against
the principle of thus combining a multitude of local
objects—the improvement of small rivers, and the
opening of little harbors, and similar improvements
—in one bill, merely for the sake of carrying that
which, on the ground of its own meiit, cooW not
pass either House of Congress.
One administration was now on the eve of going
out of power, while another was in the dawn ef its
advent. The party which was going out had come
into power on the avowed principle of the propriety
of works of internal improvement by the -general
government. The party now conning into power
had, from the days of Gen. Jackson downward,
been distinguished by its uncompromising opposition
to the whole system, with but a very few exceptions.
Yet what a spectacle did the Senate chamber pre-
sent at this moment? Is this bill should pass, it
would pass by more democratic than whig votes.
And if Mr. McD. knew anything of the President
who was to be sworn in to-morrow, (and he thought
he did, for he had served with him in the other
House for ten years,) he could say with truth, that
there was no one man who, in his public course, had
been more irreconcilably hostile to this system, in
all its forms and throughout all its disguises. He
trusted that gentlemen would not, in these last mo-
ments of an expiring Congress, precipitately rush
upon a measure thus indiscreet and extravagant.
Andrew Jackson had derived a large part of the
glory which encircled his name from the very fact
that he had arrested this system by his veto. And
if there was one act which in a certain portion of this
countryhad reflected more credit on the present admin-
istration than any other, it was the veto of John
Tyler on this very bill. Mr. McD. predicted that,
should this bill be repeated at the next session, it
would, as a matter of course, receive from the com-
ing President a like commentary.
Mr. McD. not only opposed the principle of the
bill as wrong in itself, but he opposed its large ap-
propriation on principles of national economy. An
economical expenditure of public money had been
inscribed on the banner of the party to which he be-
longed as one of the leading maxims of its policy.
Now, what was the.present condition of the treasu-
ry, and what was it likely to be for years to come!
He called upon the chairman of the Committee on
Finance [Mr. Evans] to state to the Senate what
would be the probable amount of revenue for the
coming year, and whether it was likely to be such as
would justify the appropriation of nearly two mil-
lions of dollars to objects of this description—ob-
jects which were not at all necessary, and which
could only be justified by the existence of an over-
flowing treasury. Mr. McD.'s own opinion wan,
that, if the amount of imports was to be regulated
by that of exports, the imports of dutiable articles
during the next twelve months would be from
twenty to thirty millions less than during the last
year. Admitting the cotton crop to be ever so
much inceased, yet at the present price of cotton
(from four to six cents a pound) the exports of
the country were not likely to exceed forty mil-
lions of dollars; and every financier and intelligent
merchant must know that the imports could not
largely exceed them. The minds of gentlemen were
carried away by a delusion, growing out of the
large amount of import1! and of revenue during the
past year. That delusion would be removed by a
brief explanation of our financial experience during
the two years last passed. During the first year
after the passage, of the tariff of 1842, the revenue,
instead of increasing, as had been expected, had suf-
fered a great reduction. All were astonished at this,
and predictions were confidently made that the
commerce and revenues of the country were per-
manently destroyed; but those who understood tlie
subject better, told them at the time that this reduction
