\-n
394
CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE
The main question was ordered.
Mr. A. P. STONE modified the resolution by ac-
cepting the amendment.
Mr. C. JOHNSON called for the yeas and nays
on the resolution as modified; which were ordered.
The question was taken, and vote stood—yeas
99, nays 44.
So the resolution was agreed to.
CHICKASAW INDIANS.
Mr. CAVE JOHNSON wished the attention of
the House for a few minutes. The House had
this morning passed and sent to the Senate a
bill to authorize suits to be brought against the gov-
ernment of the United States in favor of the Chicka-
saw indians—a bill which he considered very inju-
rious to the interest of the Indians as well as of the
United States. He wished the House to have an
apportunity to reconsider the vote.
Mr. REDING moved to reconsider the bill.
Mr. CAVE JOHNSON remarking that it was
necessary, before they could act on the motion, to
get the bill back from the Senate, moved a resolution
requesting the Senate to return the bill.
Mr. SAUNDERS replied to what he considered
some very round statements of Mr. Johnson, impli-
cating the Judiciary Committee of the Senate, and
opposed the resolution.
Mr. C. JOHNSON said, if he could get the at-
tention of the House for a few minutes, he would
state his objections to the passage of this bill. It
authorized the Chickasaw nation to bring suit against
the United States in the district court of this Dis-
trict, for the amount of this trust fund of some mil-
lions of dollars. He had, on a previous occasion,
stated to the House that one among the first princi-
ples established in the government, and acted on ever
since its formation, was that the United States
should never be brought into court to answer to its
citizens. The reason was a very obvious one. The
United States, in such cases, must always lose, be-
cause they would be decided on ex parte statements,
to which the district attorney must, of necessity,
file an insufficient answer. If suits of this natuie
were authorized, they might as well authorize suits
for every claim against the government on the cal-
endar. Why make the distinction, and give this
case a preference over other claims against the gov-
ernment? At the last session of Congress suits were
authorized against the United States in some land
cases, and he should not be surprised if the amount
involved some fifteen millions of dollars. He ex-
pressed his regret that this case was not sent to the
Committee on Indian Affairs, which properly had
charge of subjects of this nature, instead of the Ju-
diciary Committee. He thought this bill would be
a material injury to the Indians themselves.
Mr. SAUNDERS said that one of the objections
of the gentleman was that the principle had been
established that the government was never to be
sued by its citizens. But the gentleman admitted
that there had been several such cases, one of which
occurred last winter. That objection, therefore, fell
to the ground. He contended that there was no
case which would, with more propriety, be brought
into the courts than:'this. The gentleman endeavored
as usual to alarm the House by stating the large
amount of the sum involved, but he was satisfied
that the amount would not be more than $120,000—
the greater part of the trust fund had been properly
accounted for.
Mr. S. here explained the item that had been
charged against the Indians, and to which they dis-
sented, and said that this item only would be brought
before the court, and not the whole amount of the
trust fund, as the gentleman stated. He did not be-
lieve that the United States would suffer injustice
by bringing this matter into court, for he could not
believe that a court of high standing, like that of this
District, would permit any injustice to be done.
There was less danger of injustice in this particular,
as there was an appeal to the Supreme Court.
Mr. C. JOHNSON inquired of the gentleman if
this bill did not authorize the suits to be brought for
the whole of this trust fund.
Mr. SAUNDERS did not understand it so. He
thought that only a part of the fund was to be sued
for.
Mr. C. JOHNSON wished to hear an explana-
tion from the gentleman from Mississippi, who was
on that committee, and who was familiar with the
whole subject.
The question was then put on laying the resolution
on the table.
Tellers were called for and ordered; and Messrs.
Hammett and Tucker were appointed, and they
reported 49 in the affirmative, and 65 in the nega-
tive.
So the motion did not prevail.
Mr. DOUGLASS moved the previous question;
and it was sustained by the House.
The SPEAKER stated the question to be on re-
considering.
Mr. WHITE insisted that the House could not
reconsider a vote on a bill which was not before the
House.
The SPEAKER put the question on the recon-
sideration.
Tellers were called for and ordered, and Messrs.
Grik'nell and Dillingham were appointed; and
they reported 65 m the affirmative, and 13 in the
negative—no quorum voting.
A long conversation and mutual explanations en-
sued between Mr. SAUNDERS, Mr. WELLER,
(who was acting as Speaker pro Icm.,) Mr. C.
JOHNSON, and others.
The SPEAKER (Mr. Jones having resumed the
chair,) stated the question as it stood.
Mr. WHITE again stated his point of order. He
insisted that the question of reconsideration could
not be entertained until the bill itself was in posses-
sion of the House.
The SPEAKER replied that the Chair decided
that same question at the last session. The gentle-
man from Kentucky [Mr. White] took an appeal
at that time; but the House then sustained the de-
cision of the Chair. The Chair now entertained the
same opinion.
After further conversation between Mr. WHITE
and the SPEAKER,
The SPEAKER suggested the propriety of first
passing the resolution requesting the Senate to send
back the bill.
The resolution accordingly came up, and was
agreed to.
The motion to reconsider was then postponed for
the present, and until a message from the Senate in
return was received.
CIVIL AND DIPLOMATIC APPROPRIATION
BILL.
On motion of Mr. McKAY, the report of the
Committee of Conference on the civil and diploma-
tic appropriation bill was taken up and read by the
clerk.
Mr. McKAY moved that the House concur in
the report of the Committee on Conference, and
with the consent of the House, he would make a
very brief explanation of the several items.
[Cries of "No, no: we'll agree to the report."]
Mr. McKAY proceeded m a hurried manner to
run over the several amendments and the recommen-
dations of the Committee on Conference thereon.
In relation to China, the House had original! ap-
propriated $9,000 salary, end $9,000 outfit for a
minister to that empire; the Senate had reduced die
appropriation, and the grade of agent to that of
commissioner. The committee recommended to the
House, to recede, on a statement from Mr. Cushing,
that the Chinese government would not receive a
minister, and it would be sufficient to send a simple
commissioner there. The House had yielded the
appropriation for pay and mileage to John M.
Botts. They had also yielded the item relative to
Mexican indemnities, with a proviso that the ap-
propriation therefor should not be made unless it
was satisfactorily made to appear to the government
that the money has been received by the agent of
the United States, in such a manner as to discharge
the Mexican government; (it was required that it
should be delivered in Vera Cruz;) and also that the
agent of the United States having received this
money was m default m paying it over to the
United States. The House had also yielded to the
Senate the appropriation of $38,000 for paving and
repairing Pennsylvania avenue.
Mr. McK., after reference to the other details,
moved the previous question on concurring in the
report of the committee.
Mr. HOUSTON inquired if the question was di-
visible, so as to vote on separate items.
The SPEAKER replied in the negative. The re-
port must be adopted entire or rejected.
The previous question was seconded; the main
question was ordered; and, being taken, the report
of the committee was concurred in.
PRESENTATION OF BILLS TO THE PRES-
IDENT TO-DAY.
Mr. McKAY moved a suspension of the joint
rule, prohibiting the sending of any bills to- the
President for his signature upon the last day of the
session, as far as related to the appropriation bills
for the Military Academy, the army, and navy, for
post roads, for fortifications, and the civil and diplo-
matic service.
Mr. McCLELLAND moved to amend the reso-
lution, so as to provide for a general suspension in
regard to all bills passed.
The previous question was demanded.
Mr. McKAY withdrew the resolution.
Mr. SEIDELL and several other gentlemen ad-
dressed the Chair, and Mr. S. renewed the prop-
osition of amendment as an original proposition.
Mr. McKAY claimed that he still held the floor,
and he renewed his proposition, and demanded
thereon the previous question, (which, if sustained,
would cut off amendments.
The SPEAKER gave the floor to
Mr. SLIDELL, who moved the general suspen-
sion of the said rule.
The SPEAKER, in reply to inquiry of Mr.
Houston, decided that a vote of two-thirds was re-
quired only for a suspension of a rule of this House.
In this case of the suspension of a joint rule, the
vote of a majority was sufficient to suspend it.
Mr. CAVE JOHNSON asked the yeas and nays;
which were ordered.
The question was taken, and resulted in yeas 121,
nays 47.
Mr. McKAY moved that the House take a re-
cess from 3 to 5 o'clock.
Mr. HOUSTON moved to amend the motion, by
making the recess from 2 o'clock to 5; which was
rejected.
The question was put on Mr. McKay's motion,
and it was agreed to.
Mr. HARALSON moved that the House resolve
itself into a Committee of the Whole on the state
of the Union.
The CHAIR said that the business before the
House was the motion to reconsider the vote on
passing the bill to enable the Chickasaw Indians to
institute a suit against the United States, &c.
At the request of Mr. C. JOHNSON, the bill
was then read; and
At the request of Mr. SAUNDERS, the report
was read.
Mr. CAVE JOHNSON explained the object of
the bill.
Mr. SAUNDERS replied.
Mr. THOMPSON continued the debate. He
warmly opposed the bill.
Mr. TUCKER opposed the reconsideration, and
defended the bill.
Mr. BRINKERHOFF moved the previous ques-
tion; which was seconded.
The main question was ordered, and being taken,
the vote by which the bill was passed was recon-
sidered.
The question recurring on the passage of the bill,
Mr.JOHN P.KENNEDY called the previous
question; which was seconded, and the main ques-
tion was ordered.
Mr. CAVE JOHNSON moved to lay the bill on
the table; but withdrew the demand, content to have
the yeas and nays on the passage of the bill.
The yeas and nays were asked and ordered, and
being taken, resulted yeas 81, nays 8G.
So the bill was rejected.
Mr. ROBERTS asked leave to offer a resolution
directing the Secretary of War to institute an inves-
tigation into the investment and disbusement of the
Chickasaw fund arising undei the treaties of 1833
and 1834, and to request the Chickasaws to collect
any information contained in said nation in regard to
said fund, and to report the result of such investi-
gation at the next session of Congress.
Mr. JOHN P. KENNEDY moved to go into
Committee of the Whole on the state of the Union,
to take up the fortification bill.
Mr. THOMPSON and Mr. CAVE JOHNSON
wished to bring up other bills respectively; but
Mr. KENNEDY declined to waive his motion.
The question was taken, and the motion was re-
jected.
NEW POST OFFICE LAW—TIME WHEN TO
TAKE EFFECT.
Mr. PRESTON KING asked the general consent
of the House to offer a joint resolution in reference
to the post office law. The design of that law was,
that it should go into operation on the 1st of July;
but there were different constructions of the law.
He wished to offer a resolution to declare that it
