396
CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
amount of cettain starts which he had been directed
by the commander of the vessel in which he served
to throw overboard, under circumstances which jus-
tified this order and the compliance therewith.
The CHAIR ruled it out of order.
The question was then taken on the amendment
of the Senate, and it was concurred in—73 in the
affirmative, and 48 in the negative.
The committee then rose, and the bills were re-
ported to the House, and the action of the committee
was agreed to.
On the motion of Mr. McKAY, the fortification
bill was taken up for the consideration of several
amendments on which the two Houses differed.
Mr. McKAY made some explanations in relation
thereto.
Mr. McKAY moved that the House insist on
their disagreement; and to the amendment of the
Senate appropriating $80,000 for a sea wall in Bos-
ton harbor, aiwl to other amendments, ask a com-
mittee of conference; and moved the previous ques-
tion.
After a word from Mr. WINTHROP in reply to
Mr. McKAY, and some further conversation by
Messrs. ADAMS, and DROMGOOLE, and the
SPEAKER, on a point of order,
Mr. McKAY modified his motion, and moved to
adhere to the disagreement of the amendment of the
Senate, and renewed the demand for the previous
quesfion.
Mr. ADAMS moved that the House recede,
(which takes priority of the motion to adhere,) and
supported his motion in brief remarks.
Mr. McKAY moved the previous question; which
was seconded.
The main question—being on the motion to re-
cede—was ordered.
Mr. WINTHROP called for the reading of the
bill; which was refused.
The question was then taken on the motion to re-
cede, the yeas and nays having been asked and or-
dered, and resulted—yeas 25, nays 88.
So the House refused to recede.
Mr. HOLMES moved the reconsideration of the
vote just taken, and made some remarks in support
of the motion.
Mr. DROMGOOLE made some remarks in oppo-
sition to the motion, and moved the previous ques-
tion, which was seconded by the House; and un-
der its operation the motion was rejected.
Mr. McKAY then moved that the House adhere
to its disagreement, and moved the previous ques-
tion, which was seconded by the House, and the
main question was ordered.
Mr. WINTHROP called for the yeas and nays,
which were ordered; and the question being taken,
it was decided in the affirmative—yeas 89, nays
56.
Mr. McKAY moved that a committee of confer-
ence be appointed, which was agreed to; and the
Chair appointed Mr. McKay, Mr. Dromgoole,
and Mr. G. Davis, on the part of the House.
On the motion of Mr. McKAY, the naval appro-
priation bill was once more taken up; and the House
insisted on its disagreement, and appointed a com-
mittee of conference on its part.
On the motion of Mr. McKAY, the army appro-
priation bill, which had been sent back to the House
from the Senate, was committed to the Committee
of the Whole on the state of the Union; and the
House then resolved itself into Committee of the
Whole on the state of the Union thereon, (Mr.
Boyd in the chair.)
Mr. McKAY moved that the committee concur
in the amendments of the Senate.
The question was taken, and the committee con-
curred in the amendments of the Senate.
On motion of Mr. McKAY, the committee rose
and reported its action to the House.
The question being on agreeing to the report of
the Committee of the Whole on the state of the
Union, was taken, and the report was agreed to.
FOREIGN POSTAGE.
Mr. J. P. KENNEDY called for the considera-
tion of the bill on the table for the transmission of
the mail between the United States and foreign
countries.
Mr. GARRETT DAVIS submitted to the eour-
tesey and justice of the House to go into Committee
of the Whole to take up private bills which had
passed the Senate, and been reported on favorably
by committees of the House.
POST ROADS.
The SPEAKER suggested the propriety of taking
up the bill appropriating for certain post routes
(which had just been returned from the Senate.) It
was a very long bill, and was necessary to be taker!
up immediately.
The suggestion was acquiesced in, and the bill
appropriating for certain post roads, was taken up,
and the amendments of the Senate thereto were read.
Mr. HOPKINS said there was no objection to the
amendments'of the Senate, except that establishing
a post route to Oregon. He hoped the question
would be taken on all except that to Oregon.
Mr. THOMPSON moved that the House concur
in all the amendments.
Mr. PRATT wished to offer an amendment to
this amendment.
The amendments were all concurred in with this
exception.
The amendment establishing a post route to Ore-
gon was concurred in.
Mr. SL1DELL, at the request of Mr. C. John-
son, moved to reconsider the vote concurring in the
amendment of the Senate for a post route to Ore-
gon.
Mr. C. JOHNSON briefly expressed the hope
that it would be reconsidered. It would cost the
government, he said, $100,000.
Mr. CROSS opposed the motion to reconsider.
Mr. HAMMETT was a friend to Oregon—to
our occupying Oregon; but he believed, in the an-
nals of legislation, there was nothing more Gluixotic
than this amendment, which had been adopted in
the Senate contrary to expectation. He hoped, af-
ter having thrown the department already on the
treasury, that they would not further burden it in so
wild a manner.
[A message was received from the Senate trans-
mitting certain bills.]
Mr. RATHBUN called for the reading of the
amendment in question; which was read by the
Clerk.
After a word of explanation, showing (as was
understood) that the matter was left by this amend-
ment at the discretion of the Postmaster General—
Mr. R. moved the previous question; which was
seconded.
The main question was ordered, and, being taken,
the vote was reconsidered.
Mr. HOPKINS now moved that the House non-
concur in the amendment.
The question being taken, the House non-concur-
red in the amendment.
FOREIGN POSTAGE.
Mr. J. P. KENNEDY repeated his call for the
consideration of the bill to provide for the transmis-
sion of the mail between the United States and for-
eign countries, and for other purposes.
The amendments of the Committee of the Whole
on the state of the Union were concurred in, and
the bill was read a third time, and passed.
REVENUE CUTTERS AND STEAMERS.
Mr. RAYNER asked if it was not in order to
call up the bill passed by the Senate, by the consti-
tutional majority of two-thirds, against the veto o(
the President.
The SPEAKER replied that it would be in order.
The bill concerning the building of revenue cut-
ters and steamers (which had been returned to the
Senate by the President with his objections, and
which the Senate had passed by a two-thuds vote)
came up, with the ob]ections of the President
thereto.
The veto message of the President, and the bill it-
self, were read.
The SPEAKER observed that the question be-
fore the House was, "Shall this bill pass, notwith-
standing the objections of the President thereto?"
Mr. BAYLY said that, if the House would give
him their attention for a few moments, he would
give them the reasons why this veto was made, and
satisfy them that this bill ought not to pass. Under
the law as it at present stood, the President had
made contracts for building two iron steamers, one
at Richmond and one at Pittsburg; and the contracts
having been signed, sealed, and delivered, the con-
tractors had commenced purchasing materials for
the work. If this bill passed, it would be a virtual
repudiation of a solemn contract, which the Presi-
dent had a right to make, and cause great injury to
innocent persons, for which they could have no re-
dress but by petitioning Congress. The steamers
were wanted for the public service, and would have
to be built, even if this law should pass. Mr. B.
concluded by moving the previous question.
Mr. WM. J. BROWN madea report on enrolled
bills. , ; ,
Mr. RAYNER rose, and was about to address
the Chair; when
Mr. BAYLY contended that he had not yielded
the floor, except for the purpose of allowing the
fentleman from Indiana to make a report on enrolled
ills.
The CHAIR decided that the gentleman from
North Carolina was not entitled to the floor.
Mr. RAYNER appealed, and on-taking the ques-
tion on the appeal, the decision of the Chair was
sustained by the House.
Mr. DROMGOOLE, from the Committee of Con-
ference, appointed to confer with a like committee of
the Senate, on the disagreeing votes of the two
Houses in relation to the amendments to the forti-
fication bill, reported that the said Committee of
Conference were unable to agree
The previous question being seconded, and the
main question ordered,
The question was taken as the constitution re-
quires, by yeas and nays, and the roll of the mem-
bers having been called about half through,
Mr. BAYLY rose to a question of order. Point-
ing to the clock, the hand of which was just at 12,
he said that it had been stopped for five minutes,
and that by the constitution the House was ad-
journed. [Loud cries of order, order, and go on,
go on.]
The clerk proceeded.
Mr. BAYLY again rose; and, amid loud cries of
order, order, said that he rose to a constitutional
question. The hour had passed at which the House
could constitutionally do business.
The SPEAKER said he could not entertain any
motion while the House was dividing, and ordered
the clerk to proceed.
The roll having been called over a few names
more,
Mr. BELSER arrested the call, and said that 12
o'clock had passed, and that the House could not
lawfully transact business. [Cries of order, order,
and go on with the call.]
The Clerk then proceeded, and finished calling the
roll, when the vote was announced by the Chair,
as yeas 126, nays 31.
So the SPEAKER announced that the bill was
passed by the constitutional majority of two-thirds,
the President's veto notwithstanding.
Mr. CHAPMAN, when his name was called,
answered that he would not vote after 12 o'clock.
Mr. CAVE JOHNSON submitted a resolution
having m view a prospective arrangement of the
seats of the House of Representatives; but the rules
were not suspended for its reception.
Mr. WINTHROP addressed the House in favor
of the appointment of another committee of con-
ference on the fortification bill.
Mr. DROMGOOLE hoped it would not be the
pleasure of the House to make this proposition. If
another committee of conference was to be appoint-
ed, let the proposition come from the Senate.
Mr. HOPKINS demanded the previous question.
[Mr. WILLIAM J. BROWN, from the Com-
mittee on Enrolled Bills, reported that the commit-
tee had found correctly engrossed several bills;
which received the signature of the Speaker.]
The previous question was seconded, the mam
question was ordered, and, being taken, was decided
in the negative—ayes 58, noes 70. So the motion
of Mr. WraTHaor was rejected.
Mr. BAYLY, in order again to bring the two
Houses together on this unfortunate disagreement,
moved that the House still further adhere to their
disagreement with the Senate.
Mr. HALE moved to lay the bill on the table.
The SPEAKER decided the motion out of order
The motion was agreed to.
IOWA AND FLORIDA.
On motion of Mr. A. V. BROWN, the bill ;up-
plementary to the act to provide for tha admission of
Florida and Iowa into the Union, was taken-up.
The amendments of the Committee of the Whole
on the state of the Union were agreed to.
The bill was read a third time and passed.
Mr. DAVID L. SEYMOUR called for the con-
sideration of the amendments to a bill for the cor-
rection of a clerical error in the bill passed for the
lelief of Harvey & Slagg, of New York.
The amendments of the Senate were concurred in.
On motion of Mr. CAVE JOHNSON, submitted
after some conversation, by general. consent the re-
