CONGRESSIONAL ©LOfcE.
$9f
ports of the minority and of the majority in the case
of Lieut. McLaughlin were ordered to be printed.
The amendments of the Senate to the bills for the
relief of John E. Wright, Eliza Merrell, and Sam-
uel  , were concurred in.
Mr. ALFRED P. STONE moved a resolution
for extra pay to messengers.
Objections were made.
Mr. WELLER moved that a message be sent to
the Senate informing that body that this House,
having disposed of the business before them, was
ready to adjourn sine die.
The question being: put,
Mr. JOHN P. KENNEDY called for the yeas
and nays; which were ordered.
Mr. WELLER withdrew his motion.
Mr. HUNT offered a resolution allowing extra
pay to certain messengers; but objections being
made, the resolution was not received.
Several executive communications were presented
by the Speaker, and laid on the table, and ordered
to be printed.
Mr. WETHERRD moved that the House re-
solve itself into a Committee of the Whole House
on private bills: rejected.
Mr. OWEN moved that the Committee of the
Whole House bo discharged from the further con-
sideration of the bill for the relief of Scth M. Leav-
enworth; but the motion was rejected.
On motion by Mr. WELLER,
Oidervd, That ft message bo sent to the Senate, inioiming
that hody that the House having finished the legislative
business before them, u ere ready to adjourn.
Mr. WELLER submitted a resolution for the ap-
pointment of a committee to wait on the President
of the United States, and inform him that the House
having finished the legislative business before them,
were ready to adjourn, provided that he hnn
no further communications to make.
The resolution having beon agreed to, Messrs.
Wellkr and Wwrnnop were appointed.
Mr. CRANSTON asked leave to present the rcn-
olutions of the general assembly of the State of
Rhode Island, remonstrating against the annexation
of Texas.
Objections being made,
Mr. CRANSTON moved to suspend the rule.s,
but the motion was not agreed to.
A great, variety of motions were made* but as ob-
jection was made in each case, they were not re-
ceived.
It was now nearly two o'clock, and Mr. W.J.
BROWN reported the last enrolled bill from the
Committee on Enrolled bills.
light liounks.
Mr. SCHKNCK", at the special iimtmiee of his
friend from South Carolina from the Charleston
district, {Mr. Hoi.mks,] Maid lie made u motion to
take up the light-houKC bill, (laughter.)
The motion was rejected.
Mr. PATKRSON moved a resolution directing
the Clerk of the Flouse to procure the tjuarto edi-
tion of Lieutenant Wilkes's Exploring Expedition
for each-congressional district in the United States.
Mr. P. commenced some remarks in advocacy of
this resolution, but had not proceeded far, when he
yielded amid much confusion.
Objections being made,
Mr. P. moved a suspension of the rules for the
reception of the resolution.
On this motion, no quorum voted.
Mr. P. finally withdrew the resolution.
Mr. G. W. JONES inquired if the President had
not signed nil the bills presented to him. [Cries of
"Not all of them.1'] There were seme ho hoped he
would not sign.
CUMBERLAND ROAI).
Mr. SCI-JENCfC moved a suspension of the rules
to take-up the bill for the continuation of the Cum-
berland road, which had passed the Senate .some
time since.
Mr. WELLER, from the committee to wait on
the President of the United States, said they had
discharged their duty, and that they had been in-
structed, by the President of the United States, to
say that he had no further communication to make
to Congress, and to express to the members of both
Houses his ardent desire that they might reach their
respective homes in safety.
It was now ten minutes past two.
Mr. WINTHROP moved that the House adjourn
sine die.
The question having been taken,
The SPEAKER rose and addressed the House "
as follows:
Gentlemen of the House of Representatives:
The period has arrived which, for the Congress,
terminates our labors as the representatives of the
people; and we are very soon to part, it may be to
meet no more. And before I perform the last of-
ficial duty of my station, allow me to return to you,
gentlemen, my sincere thanks for the very kind ex-
pression of approbation of my conduct which your
resolution, just adopted, conveys; and to say, that
if, in the performance of a high public trust, you,
with whom it has been my fortune and my pleasure
to act, have seen anything in my course, as the pre-
siding officer of this House, to commend, to assure
you that your approbation of my conduct, the high-
est reward that a faithful public servant can ever re-
ceive, affords to me a satisfaction equalled only by
that I enjoy arising from a consciousness of having
at all times faithfully, to the best of my poor abili-
ties, performed every public duty that has ever de-
volved upon mo.
These duties, always important, always arduous
and difficult, are often delicate in the extreme; and I
have sometimes doubted whether the dignity and
honor of the station, exalted as it is, more than
compensates for the deep anxiety and care which its
duties impose. "Its trappings al) may wee, but its
anxieties and its trials must be endured to be under-
stood.M In their discharge I may, and doubtless
have, often erred; but the generoua confidence and
support, the kind indulgence, which you have, un-
der all circumstances, extended to me, afford the
surest guaranty that my errors, whatever they may
have been, have been errors of the head and not of
the heart; and of this I desire no higher evidence
than is afforded by your resolution, which has been
this night adopted—a testimonial, gentlemen, that 1
Khali long cherish as one of themont pleasing recol-
lections of my life.
It haw been been said that the power of legislation
is the highest trust that man can confide to his fel-
low-mun. If this be so, how strikingly must every
member of this body he impressed with the in-
creased magniture of the trust, in view of the mighty
questions upon which you have been called upon to
act and to decide. There has, herhaps, been no pe-
riod in the history of this government, when so many
questions of deep mid pervading interest have agi-
tated the public mind, and engaged the deliberations
of the American Congress. On one extreme of our
Union an empire has been admitted into thiw great
confederacy; in another direction your laws have,
so far a t regards the action of this House, heen ex-
tended beyond the Rocky mountains, reaching to the
shores of the Pacific; while Florida and Iowa, twin
sisters, have been admitted into the Union on a
footing of perfect equality with their sister States.
Tims have you enlai&ed the area of freedom, and
secured to its inhabitant the blessings of civil lib-
erty and of free government.
That these great and agitating questions should
have been discussed and decided m the spirit of
entire calmness and moderation, was scarcely to
have been expected; and if, in the collisions of dis-
cussion which heated debate is but too npt to pro-
duce, "an occasional spark of excitement shall have
have been atiuek out," may not the hope be in-
dulged "that, like that strucfc fiom the flint, it will
have been extinguished in the moment that gave it
birth;" and that in this the hour of our separation, it
will be remembered only to warn us against its re-
currence. in after time?
May health and happiness attend you through
life, and may you all return in safety to the circle of
your friendH, and to the bosom of your families.
H remains for me to announce that this House
stands adjourned sine die.
The following notice of a petition, presented to-
day, was handed to the reporter by the member
presenting it:
Hy Mr. AND STRWART: The petition ol 0!ti7<Mss o(
Somerset couuU, IVnnsj Ivfrnia. lor imiiroiement ol tin*
Kox and Wisconsin n\crs: lel'ened to Ou- * ummittet' on
Public Lands.
THE INAUGURATION, &c."
IN SENATE.
Tuesday, March 4, 1845.
At 11 o'clock, a. m., the Hon. WILLIE P.
MANGUM, President pro lent., of the Senate, call-
ed the Senate to order.
Mr- CRITTENDEN presented the credentials of
the Hon. Thomas Corwin, elected by the legisla-
ture of Ohio United States senator" from that State
for the term of six years, from the 4th of March,
1845; and they were read, and laid on the table.
The following senators elect were then called by
the President pro Um.f and duly sworn senators of
the United States for six years from this date:
Hon. Thomas H, Benton, re-elected senator from
Missouri.
Hon Lewis Cass, elected senator from Michigan,
in the room of Hon. Augustus S. Porter, whose
term expired.
Hon. JohnM. Clayton, elected senator from
Delaware, in the room of Hon. R. H. Bayard,
whose term of service expired.
Hon. Thomas Corwin, elected senator from Ohio,
in the room of Hon. Benjamin Tappan, whose
term of service expired.
Hon. William L. Dayton, elected senator from
New Jersey, his appointment by the governor of
that State having expired.
Hon. Daniel S. Dickinson, elected senator from
New York, in the room of Hon. Silas Wright, re-
signed, for residue of Mr. Wright's term.
Hon. John Fairfield, elected senator from
Maine, his appointment for the previous residue of
a term expired.
Hon. Albert S. Greene, elected senator from
Rhode Island, in the room of Hon. John B. Fran-
cis, whose term of service under appointment ex-
pired.
Hon. Jabez W. Huntington, re-elected senator
from Connecticut.
Hon. Reverdv Johnson, elected senator from
Maryland, in the room of the Hon. William D.
Merrick, whose term expired.
Hon. Samuel S. Phelps, re-elected senator from
Vermont.
Hon. Jf.sse Speight, elected senator from Missis-
sippi, in the room of Hon. John Henderson, whose
term expired.
Hon. Daniel Sturgeon, re-elected senator from
Pennsylvania.
Hon. Daniel Webster, elected senator from
Massachusetts, in the room of Hon. Rufus Choate,
whose term expired.
Tho senators then present were, from
wliuinc—Hon. George Evans and Hon, John
Fairfield.
JVnn Hampshire.—Hon. Chas. G. Atherton and
lion. Levi Woodbury.
Vermont.—Hon. Samuel S. Phelps and Hon.
Wm. Upliani.
Massachusetts.—Hon. Daniel Webster.
Mode Island.—Hon. Albert C. Greene and Hon.
 Simmons.
Connecticut.—Hon. Jabez W. Huntington and
Hon. John M. Niles.
JVfto Yirrk—Hon. Daniel S. Dickinson and Hon 
John A. Dix.
Pennsylvania.—Hon. James Buchanan and Hon.
Duvid Sturgeon.
JVnp Jersey.—Hon. Wm. D. Dayton, and Hon.
Jacob W. Miller.
Delaware.—Hon. Thomas Clayton and Hon. J.
M. Clayton.
Maryland.—Hon. Reverdy Johnson.
Vitghiia.—-Hon. Wm. S. Archer.
North Carolina.—Hon. Wm. H. Haywood ar:d
Hon, Willie P. Mangum.
South Carolina.—Hon. Daniel E. Huger add
Hon. Geo. McDuffie.
Georgia.—Hon. John M. Berrien and Hon. Wai-
ter T. Colquitt.
Jllabama.—Hon. Arthur P. Bagbv and Hon.
Dixon H.Lewis. *
Louisiana.—Hon. Alexander Barrow and Hon.
Henry Johnson.
Mississippi.—Hon. Jesse Speight and Hon. Rob-
ert J. Walker.
.'Mniisas.—-Hon. Chester Ashley and Hon. Am-
brose II. Sevier.
Crittenden and Hon.
Atchison and Hon.
Kentucky.—Hon. John
Jas. T- Morehead.
Missouri.—Hon. David R.
Thos. II. Benton.
Illinois.—Hon. Sidney Breese and Hon. James
Seniple.
Indiana.—Hon. Edward A. Hannegan.
Ohio—Hon. William Allen and Hon. Thomas
Corwin,
Michigan.—Hon. Lewis Cass and Hon, William
Wnodbridge.
Tumtssee,—Hon, Spencer Jarnagm,—47.
