CONGRESSIONAL GLOfcE.
m
our trade and intercourse have extended throughout
the world. Mind, no longer tasked in devising
means to accomplish or resist schemes of ambition,
usurpation, or conquest, is devoting itself to man's
true interests, in developing- his faculties and pow-
ers, and the capacity of nature to minister to his en-
joyments. ^ Genius is free to announce its inven-
tions and discoveries; and the hand is free to accom-
plish whatever the head conceives, not incompatible
with the rights of a fellow-being. All distinctions
of birth or rank have been abolished. All citizens,
whether native or adopted, are placed upon terms
of precise equality. All are entitled to equal
rights and equal protection. No union exists
between church and State; and perfect freedom
of opinion is guarantied to all sects and creeds.
These are some of the blessings secured to our
happy land by our federal Union. To perpetuate
them, it is our sacred duty to preserve it. Who
shall assign limits to the achievements of free minds
and free hands, under the protection of this glorious
Union5 No treason to mankind since the organiza-
tion of society, would be equal in atrocity to that
of him who would lift his hand to destroy it. He
would overthrow the noblest structure of human
wisdom, which protects himself and his fellow-man.
He would stop the progress of free government, and
involve his country either in anarchy or despotism.
He would extinguish the fire of liberty which warms
and animates the hearts of happy millions, and in-
vites all the nations of the earth to imitate our ex-
ample. If he say that error and wrong are commit-
ted in the administration of the government, let him
remember that nothing human can be perfect; and
that under no other system of government revealed
by Heaven, or devised by man, lias reason been al-
lowed so free and broad a scope to combat error.
Has the sword of despots proved to be a safer or
surer instrument of reform m government, than en-
lightened reason? Does he expect to find among
the ruins of this Union a happier abode for our
swarming millions than they now have under it?
Every lover of his country must shudder at the
thought of the possibility of its dissolution, and will
be ready to adopt the patriotic sentiment, '"Our fed-
eral Union—it must be preserved." To preserve it,
the compromises which alone enabled our fathers
to form a common constitution for the government
and protection of so many States and distinct com-
munities, of such diversified habits, interests, and
domestic institutions, must be sacredly and religi-
ously observed Any attempt to disturb or destroy
these compromises, being terms of the compact of
Union, can lead to none other than the most ruinous
and disastrous c onsequences.
It is a source, of deep regret that, in some sec-
tions of our country, misguided persons have occa-
sionally indulged in schemes and agitations, whose
object is the destruction of domestic institutions ex-
isting in other sections—institutions which existed
at the adoption of the constitution, and were recog-
nised and protected by it. All must see that if it were
possible for them to be successful in attaining their
object, the dissolution of the Union, and the conse-
quent destruction of our happy form of government,
must speedily follow.
I am happy to believe that at every period of our
existence as a nation, there has existed, and con-
tinues to exist, among the great mass of our people,
a devotion to the Union of the States, which will
shield and protect it against the moral treason of
any who would seriously contemplate its destruc-
tion. To secure a continuance of that devotion, the
compromises of the constitution must not only be
preserved, but sectional jealousies and heartburn-
ings must be discountenanced; and all should re-
member that they are members of the same political
family, having a common destiny. To increase the
attachment of our people to the Union, our laws
should be just. Any policy which shall tend to
favor monopolies, or the peculiar interests of sec-
tions or classes, must operate to the prejudice of
the interests of their fellow-citizens, and should be
avoided. If the compromises of the constitution be
pieserved,— if sectional jealousies and heart-burn-
ings be discountenanced,—if our laws be just, and
the government be practically administered strictly
withm the limits of power prescribed to it,—we may
discard all apprehensions for the safety of the
Union. , , ,
With these views of the nature, character, and ob-
lects of the government, and the value of the Union,
f shall steadily oppose the cieation of those institu-
tions and systems which, in their nature, tend to
pervert it from ite legitimate purposes, and make it
the instrument of sections, classes, and individuals.
We need no national banks, or other extraneous in-
stitutions, planted around the government to control
or strengthen it in opposition to the will of its
authors. Experience has taught us how unneces-
sary they are as auxiliaries of the public authorities,
how impotent for good, and how powerful for mis-
chief.
Ours was was intended to be a plain and frugal
government; and I shall regard it to be my duty to
recommend to Congress, and, as far as the execu-
tive is concerned, to enforce by all the means within
my power, the strictest economy in the expenditure
of the public money, which may be compatible with
the public interests.
A national debt has become almost an institution
of European monarchies. It is viewed in some of
them as an essential prop to existing governments.
Melancholy is the condition of that people whose
government can be sustained only by a system which
periodically transfers large amounts from the labors
of the many to the coffers of the few. Such a sys-
tem is incompatible with the ends for which our re-
publican government was instituted. Under a wise
policy, the debts contiacted in our revolution, and
during the war of 1812, have been happily extin-
guished. By a judicious application of the revenues
not required for other necessary purposes, it is not
doubted that the debt which has grown out of the
circumstances of the last few years may be speedily
paid off.
I congratulate my fellow-citizens on the entire
restoration of the credit of the general government of
the Union, and that of many of the States. Happy
would it be fur the indebted States if they were
freed from their liabilities, many of which were in-
cautiously contracted. Although the government
of the Union is neither in a legal nor a moral sense
bound for the debts of the States, and it would be a
violation of our compact of Union to assume them,
yet we cannot but feel a deep interest in seeing all
the States meet their public liabilities, and pay off
their just debts, at the earliest piacticabie period.
That they will do so, as soon as it can be done with-
out imposing too heavy burdens on their citizens,
there is no reason to doubt. The sound, moral, and
honorable feeling of the people of die indebted
States, cannot be questioned; and we are happy to
perceive a settled disposition on their part, as their
ability returns, after a season of unexampled pecu-
niary embarrassment, to pay off all just demands,
and to acquiesce in any reasonable measures to ac-
complish that object.
One of the difficulties which we have had to en-
counter m the practical administration of ih« gov-
ernment, consists in the adjustment of oui revenue
laws, and the levy of the taxes necessary for the
support of government. In the geneial proposition,
that no more money shall be collected than the ne-
cessities of an economical administration shall ic-
quire, all parties seem to acquiesce. Nor does
there seem to be any material difference of opinion
as to the absence of right in the government to tax
one section of country, or one class of citizens, or
one occupation, for the mere profit of another.
"Justice and sound policy forbid the federal gov-
ernment to foster one branch of industry to the
detriment of another, or to cherish the interests
of one portion to the injury of another portion of
our common country.1' 1 have heretofore declared
to my fellow-citizens that, m "my judgment, it is
the duty of the government to extend, as far as it
may be practicable to do so, by its re\eniie laws,
and all other means within its power, fair and jnst
protection to alt the great interests of the whf le
Union, embracing agriculture, manufactures, the
mechanic arts, commerce, and navigation." I have
also declared my opinion to be "in favor of a tariff
for revenue,''1 and that, "in adjusting; the details of
such a tariff, I have sanctioned such moderate dis-
criminating duties as would pioduce the amount of
revenue needed, and, at the same time, afford real
sonahle incidental protection to our home industry,"
and that 1 was "opposed to a tariff for pruteuion
merely, and not for revenue.*"
The power "to lay and eulleet duties, imposts
:>nd excises," was an indispensabl one to he con-
ferred on the federal government, whjee, without it,
would possess no means of providing for its own
1 support. In executing this power by levying a
tariff of duties for the support of government, the
raisin0, ot'rpvemie should be the ohjrct, and protection
the incident. To reverse, this principle, and make
■protection the object, and revenue the incident, would
be to inflict manifest injustice upon all other than
the protected interests, In levying duties for reve-
enue, it is doubtless proper to make such discrimi-
nations within the revenue principle, as wili afford
incidental protection to our home interests. Within
the revenue limit, there is a discretion to discrimi-
nate; beyond that limit, the rightful exercise of the
power is not conceded. The incidental protection
afforded to our home interests by discrimina-
tions within the revenue range, it is believed will
be ample. In making discriminations, all our home
interests should, as far as practicable, be equally
protected. The largest portiorJ of our people are
agriculturists. Others are employed in manufac-
tures, commerce, navigation, and the mechanic arts;
They are all engaged in their respective pursuits,
and their joint labors constitute the national or
home industry. To tax one branch of this home
industry for the benefit of another would be un-
just. JNTo one of these interests can rightfully claim
an advantage over the others, or to be enriched by
impoverishing the others. All are equally entitled to
ihe fostering care and protection of the government.
In exercising a sound discretion in levying discrimi- •
nating duties within the limit prescribed, care should
be taken that it be done in a manner not to benefit
the wealthy few, at the expense of the toiling mil-
lions, by taxing lowest the luxuries of life, or arti-
cles of superior quality and high price, which can
only be consumed by the wealthy ; and highest the
necessaries of life, or articles of coarse quality and
low price, which the poor and great mass of our
people must consume. The burdens of govern-
ment should, as far as practicable, be distributed
justly and equally among all classes of our popula-
tion. These general views, long entertained on this
subject, I have deemed it proper to reiterate. It is a
subject upon which conflicting interests of sections
and occupations are supposed to exist, and a spirit
of mutual concession and compromise in adjusting
its details should be cherished by every part of our
wide-spread country as the only means of pre-
serving harmony and a cheerful acquiescence of all
in the operation of our revenue laws. Our patriotic
citizens in every part of the Union will readily sub-
mit to the payment of such taxes as shall be needed
for the support of their government, whether in
peace or in war, if they are so levied as to distribute
the burdens as equally as possible among them.
The republic of Texas has made known her de-
sire to come, into our Union, to form a part of our
confederacy, and enjoy with us the blessings of lib-
erty, secured and guarantied by our constitution,
Texas was once a part of our country—was un-
wisely ceded away to a foreign power—is now inde-
pendent, and possesses an undoubted right to dis-
pose of a part or the whole of her territory, and to
merge her sovereignty, as a separate and independ-
ent State, in ours. I congratulate my country that,
by an act of the*late Congress of the United States,
the assent of this government has been given to the
reunion; and it only remains for the two countries to
agree upon the terms, to consummate an object so
important to both.
1 regard the question of annexation as belonging
exclusively to the United States and Texas. They
are independent powers, competent to contract; and
foreign nations have no right to interfere with them,
or to take exceptions to their reunion. Foreign pow-
ers do not seem to appreciate the true character of
our government. Our Union is a confederation of
independent States, whose policy is peace with each
other and all the world. 1 o enlarge its limits, is to
extend the dominions of peace over additional terri-
tories, and increasing millions. The world has
nothing to fear from military ambition in our gov-
ernment. While the chief magistrate and the popu-
lar branch of Congress are elected for short terms
by the suffrages of those millions who must, in their
own persons, bear all the burdens and miseries of
war, our government cannot be otherwise than pa'
cific. Foreign powers should, therefore, look on
the annexation of Texas to the United States, not
as the conquest of a nation seeking to extend her
dominions by arms and violence, but as the peace-
ful acquisition of a terntory once her own, by ad-
1 ding another member to our confederation with the
: consent of that member—thereby diminishing the
' chances of war, and opening to them new and ever-
increasing markets for their products.
1 To Texas, the reunion is important, because the
strong protecting arm of our government would be
extended over her, and the vast resources of her
fertile soil and genial climate would be speedily
developed; while the safety of New Orleans and
of our whole southwestern frontier against hostile
