CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
For one hundred and sixty bushels- of salt,
stipulated in the third article ot the treaty of
sixteenth October, eighteen hundred and
twenty-six .....
For education, during pleasure of Congress,
stipulated in the same article .
For blacksmith and assistant, stipulated in the
same article .
For iron and steel, &c., for shop
For blacksmith and assistant, stipulated in the
third article of the treaty of twentieth Sep-
tember, eighteen hundred and twenty-eight,
For iTOn and steel, &c., for shop
Fcr two thousand pounds of tobacco, fifteen
hundred pounds of iron, and three hundred
and fifty pounds of steel, stipulated in the
second article of the treaty of twentieth
September, eighteen hundred and twenty-
eight
Tn the Pottawatomies of Huron.
For permanent annuity, stipulated in the sec-
ond article of the treaty of seventeenth
November, eighteen hundred and seven
To the Pottawatomie# of the Pram'?.
For limited annuity for twenty years, stipu-
lated m the third article of the treaty of the
twentieth October, eighteen hundred and
thirty-two ...
For life annuity to two chiefs, stipulated in the
same article . . . .
For and on account of limited annuity, foi
twenty y ears
To the Pottawatomiea of the Wubaih.
For limited annuity, for twenty years, stipu
lated in the third article of the treaty of
twenty-sixth October, eighteen bundled and
thirty-two .
To the Pottawatomie? of htdnnw
For education, during pleasure of Congress,
stipulated in the fourth article of the treaty
of twenty-seventh October, eighteen hun-
dred and thirty-two ....
To the Puniki i/uur.v.
For permanent annuity, as per fourth article
of the treaty of third August, seventee n
hundred and ninety-live
For permanent aimunity, as per fourth article
of the treaty ofthirtieth I>eeembei, eighteen
hundred and five
To the Pawners
For agricultural implements, for live years,and
during the pleasure of the President, stipu-
lated in the fourth article of the treaty ol
ninth October, eighteen hundred and thirty-
three ......
To the Quapuws
For limited annuity, lor twenty years, stipu-
lated m the fouith artiolc ol the treaty ol
tirteenthMay, eighteen hundred and thirty-
three ......
For education, during the pleasure of the
President, stipulated in the third article
For blacksmith and assistant, dunng the plea-
sure of the Piesident, stipulated m the thud
article of the same tienty
For iron and steel, Ste., lor shop .
For pay ol farmer, stipulated iri the third aiti-
ele of the treaty ol thirteenth May, eighteen
handled and thirty-tlwee
To the Si.r A'utinn<j Niii' J hi k
For permanent annuit}, stipulated in the
sixth article ol the t*ieaty ol eleventh No-
veniber, m>\ enteen bundled and nmety-
loin .....
To the Se)uii'ti\ of New Yo)k.
For permanent annuity, in lieu ol interests
on stock, pel aet ot nim teenth February,
eighteen hundred arid thirty-one
To the Sioux oj ■isijiji'.
For blacksmith and assistant, for ten years,
during the pleasure of the President, stipu-
lated m the fourth article of the tieuty of
fifteenth July, eighteen hundred ami thuty,
For iron and steel, &o , lor shop
Foragiicultural implements, (luring the plea-
sure of the President, stipulated m the fourth
article of the tieatyol fifteenth July, eigh-
teen hundred and tlurty
For interest on investment in stock, at live per
centum, on three hundred thousand dollars,
stipulated in the second article of the treaty
of twenty-nith September, eighteen hundred
and thirty-seven . • -
For limited annuity, for twenty years, stipu-
lated in second articled Uouty of twenty-
ninth September, eighteen hundred and
thirty-seven . . . . .
For purchase of medicines, agricultural im-
plements and stock, support of farmers, phy-
sicians, blacksmith, and for other benelicial
objects, for twenty years, stipulated m the
second article of the treaty of twenty-ninth
September, eighteen hundred and thirty-
seven ....
For purchase of provisions, for twenty years,
stipulated in the second article ol tHe treaty
of twenty-ninth September, eighteen hun
dred and thirty-seven ....
To the Yancton and San lie Siour•
For blacksmith and assistant for ten years,
and during the pleasuie of the President,
stipulatedin the fouith article of the treaty
of fifteenth July, eighteen hundred and
thirty
For iron and steel, &c.> for shop
320
2,000
720
220
720
220
15,000
400
13.f)00
20,000
2,000
2,000
1,0(10
mo
220
0,000
fllO
220
720
220
For agricultural implements, during the pleas-
ure of the President, stipulated in the fourth
article of treaty of fifteenth July, eighteen
hundred and thirty ....
To the Sacs and\Foxe8 of Missouri.
For interest on investment in stock, at five per
centum on one hundred and fifty-seven thou-
sand four hundred dollars, stipulated in sec-
ond article of treaty of twenty-first October,
eighteen hundred and thirty-seven .
To the Sacs and Foxes of Mississippi.
For permanent annuity, stipulated in third ar-
ticle of treaty of third November, eighteen
hundred and four . t .
For limited annuity, for thirty years, stipula-
ted in third article of treaty of twenty-first
September, eighteen hundred and thirty-
two ......
For blacksmith and assistant, during the pleas-
ure of the President, stipulated in fourth ar-
ticle of treaty ot fourth August, eighteen
hundred and twenty-four
For iron and steel, Stc. for shop .
For blacksmith and assistant, for thirty years,
stipulated in fourth article of treaty of twen-
ty-first September, eighteen hundred and
thirty-two .....
For iron and steel, &.C., for shop .
For gunsmith, for thirty years, stipulated in
fourth article of treaty of twenty-first Sep-
tember, eighteen hundred and thirty-two
For iron and steel, &c., for shop
For agricultural implements, during the pleas-
ure of the President, stipulated in fourth ar-
ticle of treaty of fourth August, eighteen
hundred and twenty-four
For forty barrels of salt, for thirty years, stip-
ulated in the fourth article of the treaty of
twenty-first September, eighteen hundred
and thirty-two .....
For forty kegs of tobacco, for thirty years,
stipulated in the fourth article of the treaty
of twenty-first September, eighteen hundred
and thirty-two .....
For limited annuity, for ten years, stipulated
in the second article of the treaty of twen-
ty-eighth September, eighteen hundied and
thirty-six
Foi interest on investment in stock, at rive per
centum, on two hundred thousand dollars,
stipulated m the fourth article of the treaty
ol twenty-first October, eighteen hundred
and thirty-seven ....
Foi interest on eight hundred thousand dol-
lars, at five per centum, stipulated in the
second article of the treaty of eleventh Octo-
ber, eighteen hundred and forty-two
To the Shawnee?.
For permanent annuity, stipulated in the
fourth article of the treaty of third August,
seventeen hundred and ninety-five
For permanent annuity, stipulated m thelourth
aiticle of the tieaty of twenty-ninth Septem-
ber. eighteen hundred and seventeen
For limited annuity, per act of fourteenth Ju-
ly, eighteen hundred and thirty-two
For purchase of-salt, stipulated in the third ar-
ticle ot the treaty of seventh June, eighteen
hundred and three ....
Foi blacksmith and assistant, durim? the nit as-
ure of the Piesident, stipulated m the fourth
article of the tieaty of seventh November,
eighteen hundred and twenty-live
For iron and steel, &e., for shop
For blacksmith and assistant, during the pleas-
ure of the President, stipulated in the fourth
article of the tieaty of eighth August, eigh-
teen hundred and thirty-one .
For iron and steel, &c., for shop
For blacksmith and assistant, during the pleas-
ure ol the President, stipulated in the fourth
article of the treaty of seventh November,
eighteen hundred and twenty-five
For lion and steel, &c., for shop
To the San'Cus and Shawnee?
For permanent annuity, stipulated m the fourth
article of the treaty of seventeenth Septem-
ber, eighteen hundred and eighteen
For blacksmith and assistant, during the pleas-
ure of the President, stipulated in the fourth
aiticle of the treaty of twentieth July, eigh-
teen hundied and thiity-one .
For iron and steel, &c., for shop
To the. Seneeas.
For permanent annuity, stipulated in the fourth
article of the treaty of twenty-ninth Septem-
ber, eighteen hundred and seventeen
Foi permanent annuity, stipulatedin the fourth
article of the tieaty of seventeenth Septem-
ber, eighteen hundred aud eighteen
For blacksmith and assistant, during the pleas-
ure of the President, stipulated in the fourth
article of the treaty of twenty eighth Febiu-
ary, eighteen hundred and thirt)-one
Foi iion and steel, &c., for shop
For pay of miller, during the pleasure of the
President, stipulated in the fourth article of
the treaty of twenty-eighth tebiuary, eigh-
teen hundred and thirty-one .
To the }\'ijandots.
For permanent annuity,''m lieu of all former
annuities, stipulated in the third article of
the treaty with them of seventeenth March,
eighteen hundred and forty-t\\ o
For the support of a blacksmith and assistant,
stipulated in the tenth article of the treaty of
twenty-ninth September, eighteen hundred
and seventeen .....
For the purchase of iron and steel, &c., for
; shop
$40
220
840
220
600
220
1,000
2,000
2,000
840
220
S40
220
840
220
1,000
840
220
840
220
17,*00
720
220
For the support of a blacksmith and assistant,
stipulated in the eighth article of the treaty
of seventeenth* March, eighteen hundred
and forty-two t. . • • •
For the purchase Of iron, steel, &c., lor shop .
To the fVeas.
For permanent annuity, stipulated in the fifth
article of the treaty with them, of the second
of October, eighteen hundred arid eighteen .
For the Winnebagots.
For limited annuity, for thirty [years, stipula-
ted in the second article of the treaty with
them, of the first of August, eighteen hun-
dred and twenty-nine
For limited annuity, for twenty-seven  years,
stipulated in the third article of the treaty
of fifteenth September, eighteen hundred and
thirty-two . - - • •
For the purchase of fifty barrels of salt, for
thirty years, stipulated in the second article
of the treaty of the first of August, eighteen
hundred and twenty-nine
For the purchase of three thousand pounds of
tobacco, for thirty years, stipulated in the
same . . • •' • , •
For the purchase of one thousand five hundred
pounds of tobacco, for twenty-seven years,
stipulated in the fifth article of the treaty of
fifteenth September, eighteen hundred and
thirty-two . •   • •
For the support of three blacksmiths and as-
sistants, tor thirty years, stipulated in the
third article of the treaty of the first of Aug-
ust, eighteen hundred and twenty-nine
For the purchase of iron, steel, &c. for shops . -
For pay of laborer and for oxen, for thirty
years, stipulated in the same
For the purpose of education, for twenty-sev-
en years, stipulated in the fourth article of
the treaty of the fifteenth September, eigh-
teen hundred and thirty-two
For the support of six agriculturists, purchase
of oxen, plows, and other implements, for
twenty-seven years, stipulated in the fifth ar-
ticle of the same ....
For the pay of two physicians, stipulated in
the fifth article of the same
For interest on investment in stock, at five per
centum, on one million one hundred thou-
sand dollars, stipulated in the fourth article
of the treaty of first November, eighteen
hundred and thirty-sevon
For payment to William Armstrong, to make
good the loss sustained by him in conse-
quence of the explosion of the boilers of the
steamer Cherokee, while transporting gov-
ernment funds from New Orleans to the In-
dian country west of Arkansas, in the year
one thousand eight hundred and forty
For the payment of the claim of Thomas Bole,
for goods and provisions furnished the New
York Indians, in the years one thousand
eight hundred and thirty-nine and one thou-
sand eight hundred and forty, allowed by
the accounting officers of the treasury
For the re-appropriation of the annuity due
the Christian Indians for the years one thou-
sand eighthundred and thirty-eight and one
thousand eight hundred and tlurty-nine, re-
funded by Major Garland later disbursing
agent of the Indian Department^ and subse-
quently used in closing accounts, under the
authority contained in the act of third of
March, one thousand eight hundred and for-
ty-three ......
For carrying into eft'ect the Cherokee treaty
of one thousand eight hundred and thirty-
five, being the amount of the fund appropri-
ated in one thousand eight hundred and thir-
ty-six, lost in'transportation by the explosiun
of the steamer Black Hawk, in December, one
thousand eight hundred and thirty-seven
For the removal of the Choctaws west of the
Mississippi, and for their subsistence for one
year, including contingent expenses con-
nected therew ith ....
To make good the inteiest on investments in
State blocks and bonds, for various Indian
tribes, not yet paid by the States, to be reim-
bursed out of the interest when collected .
For payment to the Bank of Michigan, or its
assigns, for moneys advanced under author-
ity of the Secretary of War and Secretary
of the Treasury, in fulfilment of a treaty
with the Ohippewas of Saganaw, of Jan-
uary, one thousand eight hundred and thir-
ty-seven, together with interest on the prin-
cipal sum due said bank, from first day of
February, one thousand eight hundred and
forty, at six per cent, per annum
720
220
.3,000
18,000
10,000"
250
360
3,000
2,500
400
soo
6b,439 93
12,500
1,059,503 74
By the act making appropriations foi' the payment, of
navy pensions, for the year ending thirtieth June,
eighteen hundred and forty-six.
To pay invalid pensions . . $40 000
To pay privateer pensions . . . 3,000
To pay widows' pensions . . . ]-/of>0
To supply a deficiency m the appropriation for
paying widows' pensions, under the act of
June thirtieth, eighteen hundred and thuty -
four, for the year ending thirtieth June,
eighteen hundred and forty-five . . 6.000
61,000
