408
CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE*
By the act making appropriations for the support of the
Military Academy for the year ending on the thir-
tieth June, eighteen hundred and forty-six.
Forthe pay of officers, instructors, cadets, and
musicians .....
For commutation of subsistence
For commutation of forage for officers' horses,
For clothing for their servants .
Foe repairs and improvements, fuel, and appa-
ratus, forage of public horses and oxen, sta-
tionery, printing, and other incidental and
' contingent expenses ....
For the building of barracks for cadets.
$79,460
8,577
2,592
420
22,000
30,000
138,049
$9,950
4,331 25
2,000
By the joint resolution authorizing the Secretary of
War to pay any balance that may be due the Shawnee
Indians who served in the Florida war.
For balance due Shawnee Indians who served
in the Florida war—[Indefinite.]
By the act for the relief of John H. Mcin-
tosh.
For property destroyed by order of the milita-
ry othcers of the United States
For cotton destroyed on the same occasion, by
order of the commanding officer
By the act for the relief of Edward A. Lam-
bert.
To correct a mistake made in his bid, or his
contract, for the supply of stationery to the
.New York custom-house
By the act for the relief of Dunning R-
McNair.
For carrying the great western mail from Bed-
ford to Washington, Pennsylvania, at the
rate of eleven thousand five hundred and fif-
ty dollars, from the time it shall be found
that the great western mail from Philadel-
phia to "Wheeling, Virginia, was put upon
said route, until the same was restored to the
original route, via Baltimore and the na-
tional road, to Wheeling.—[Indefinite.]
By the act for the construction and improve-
ment of certain roads in the Territory of
Wisconsin.
For the construction and[improvement of thw
road from Sheboygan, by way of Taychu-
dah and Fond du Lac. to the Fox river, in
the vicinity of "Green lake" -
For repairing the United States military road
between Fort Howard and Fond du Lac
For the improvement of the road from South-
port, by way of Geneva, to the town of Be-
loit ......
By the act for the relief of Benjamin S. Rob-
erts.—[Indefinite.]
By the act for the relief of Elisha Morrell,
administrator of Joseph Icard, deceased.
On account of an award made by the commis-
sioners under the convention with France,
of the fourth of July, eighteen hundred and
forty-one, in behalt of Julien S. Raulet, on
account of the loss of the cargo on board of
the vessel called the Cadoz.-—[Indefinite ]
By the act for the relief of Daniel Ho-
mans.
For damages sustained by lightning, money
retained, and extra work done on the marine
hospital built by him ....
By the act to continue the harbor improve-
ments already commenced at the town of
Southport, in the Teiritory of Wisconsin.
To aid in completing the harbor already com-
menced ......
By the resolution for the relief of Mrs. Mary
W> Thompson.
For services which shall appear to ha\ e been
rendered by her husband, the late Lieuten-
ant Colonel A. R. Thompson, of the United
States army.—[Indefinite.]
By the act for the relief of William Rich.
For relinquishing his interest as a custom-
officer in Vermont, in the result of a suit at
law, to enable him to become a witness
By the act for the relief of Philip Schwartz-
trawber, of Oh io.
For his services in taking caie of the booms
left on Red river by Captains Tyson and
Shreve ------ 210
By the act making appropriations fur certain jortificaiions
of the United States for the year ending on the 30th
Junej 1846.
For defensive works and barracks near De-
troit, Michigan - - - *
For defensive works and barracks near Build-
lo, New York -
For repairs of Fort Ontario, near Oswego,
New York - *
For fortifications at the outlet of lake ( ham-
plain, New York - - ■
For fort at narrows of the Penobscot river,
pear Bucksport, Maine
15,000
252 22
$35,000
35,000
7,500
30,000
20,000
For repairs of Fort Preble, Portland harbor,
Maine - 10,000
For repairs of Fort McClary, Portsmouth har-
bor, New Hampshre .... 2,500
For repairs of Fort Independence, and sea-wall
of Castle Island, Boston harbor, Massachu-
setts ...... 7j000
For Fort Warren, Boston harbor, Massachu-
setts ...... 60,000
For Fort Adams, Newport harbor, Rhode Is-
land  10,000
For rebuilding Fort. Trumbull, New London
harbor, Connecticut .... 30,000
For Fort Schuyler, East river, New York . 60,000
For repairs of Fort Wood, and sea-wall of Bed-
loe's island, New York . . ^ . 35,000
For repairs of Fort Hamilton, New York . 20,000
For repairs of Fort Washington, Potomac river,
Maryland . . . . 20,000
For Fort Monroe, Hampton roads, Virginia . 60,000
For Fort Calhoun, Hampton roads, Virginia . 15,000
For repairs and protection of site of Fort Ma-
con, Beaufort harbor, North Carolina . 6,000
For preservation of the site of Fort Moultrie,
Charleston harbor, South Carolina . . 12,000
For dike to Drunken Dick shoal, Charleston
harbor, South Carolina . . 35,000
For Fort Sumter, Charleston harbor, South
Carolina ..... 70,000
For preservation of the site of Fort Johnson,
Charleston harbor, South Carolina . . 1,000
For Fort Pulaski, Savannah river, Georgia . 17,000
For repairs of Foi t Jackson, Savannah river,
Georgia ..... 10,000
For completing the sea-wall at St. Augustine, 6,400
For Fort Pickens, Pensacola harbor, Florida . 12,000
For Fort Barrancas, Pensacola harbor, Florida, 30,000
For repairs of Fort Morgan, Mobile point, Ala-
bama - . s . . . . . 15,000
For repairs of Fort Jackson, Mississippi river,
Louisiana .... - 7,000
For repairs of Fort St. Philip, Mississippi riv
er, Louisiana ..... 10,000
For Fort Livingston, Grand Terre island, Bar-
rataria bay, Louisiana .... 50,000
For fortifications on the Florida reef . . 30,000
For contingencies of fortifications . . 41,600
800,000 00
By the act providing payment for certain military ser-
vices in Florida.
Col. Robert Brown's command, from the sixth
April to the twenty-second July, eighteen
hundred and thirty-eight, except the compa-
ny of Captain North, which shall be paid to
the twelfth July, eighteen hundred and thir-
ty-eight. [Indefinite, j
Major Isaac Garrison's command, from the
nineteenth March to fifth July, eighteen
hundred and thirty-eight. [Indefinite.]
Captain Arthur Roberts's company, from Sep.
tembcr thirteenth, eighteen hundred and
thirty-eight, to January thirteenth, eighteen
hundred and thirty-nine. [Indefinite.]
Captain J. T. Thigpen's company, from first
March to thirty-first August, eighteen hun-
dred and thirty-eight, f Indefinite J
Captain William Williams's company, from
sixteenth August, eighteen hundred and
thirty-eight, to February sixteenth, eighteen
hundred and thirty-nine. [Indefinite.]
Captain William Cone and John Bryan's com-
panies, from eighteenth August to fifteenth
September, eighteen hundred and foity. (In-
definite ]
Captain J. T. Stewart's company, from nine-
teenth August to thirteenth September,
eighteen hundred and forty. [Indefinite.]
Captain Stephen Daniel's company, from Oc-
tober thirteenth to November twenty-sixth,
eighteen hundred and forty-two. [Indefi-
nite.]
For such supplies as were actually purchased
for the use of any of said troops. [Indefi-
nite.)
By the act making appropriations for certain improve-
ments in the Territory of Iowa.
For making the following roads in the Terri-
tory of Iowa, to wit:
From the Mississippi bluffs, opposite to the
town of Bloomington, to Iowa city . . $o,000
From the Mississippi bluffs, opposite to the
town of Burrington, to the old Sac and Fox
agency ...... 5,000
From Dubuque to the northern boundary of
Missouri ..... 8,000
For the improvement of the harbor at the
town of Dubuque .... 7,000
25,000 00
By the act for the relief of Harvey and
Slagg.
Forthe drawback of duties upon ten cases of
merchandise — [Indefinite.]
By the act for the relief ef John .ftdams and
John Adams, junior.
For a fine imposed by Mr. Charles, the revenue
officer, at Elizabeth city, North Carolina
By the act for the relief of Stanley White.
For land improperly patented to Charles H.
Lewis, by the United States .
By the act for the relief of the legal repre-
sentatives of Alexander Mitchell—fin-
definite.]
By the resolution to authoiize the Attorney
General to contract for copies of a pro-
posed edition of the laws and treaties of
the United States .
By the act foi'the relief of Joseph Ramsey.
To release him from a judgment outstanding
against him, in favor of tnt* United States.—
[Indefinite.]
By the act for the relief of Walker, Kinklt,
and Caruthers.
For their service in transporting the mails
from the first of February, one thousand
eight hundred and thirty-five, to the sixth of
August, one thousand eight hundred and
thirty.six —[Indefinite.]
By the joint resolution for annexing Tex-
as to the United States.
To defray the expenses of missions and nego-
tiations, to agree upon the terms of said ad-
mission and cession ....
By the act for the purchase of certain copies*
of the Histonj of Oregon, California^
and the other Territories on the northwest
coast of America.
For one thousand five hundred copies of the
History of Oregon, California, and the other
Territories on the northwest coast of Amer-
ica, published by Robert Greenliow
By the act for the relief of J. McFarlane
To settle his accounts as hospital surgeon at
the port of New Orleans during the year
one thousand eight hundred and forty-one.—
[Indefinite ]
By the act for the relief of Asahel Brainard.
f«or the arrears of a pension, at the same rate
per month as now received by him, as a
captain of a rifle company in the service of
the United States during the late war with
Great Britain.—[Indefinite ]
By the act for the relief of Gideon Batchel-
der and others.
For stone delivered in the years one fthou-
sand eight hundred and thirty-eight, and one
thousand eight hundred and thirty-nine, to-
wards .the erection of Sandy Bay break-
water,* near Gloucester, Massachusetts.—
[Indefinite.]
By the act /or the relief of James Ritchie.
To settle his accounts as hospital surgeon of
the port of tNew Orleans during the years
one thousand eight hundred and forty-two,
and one thousand eight hundred and forty-
three.—[Indefinite.]
By the resolution authorizing an allowance
to purser D. M. F. Thornton, in the set-
tlement of his accounts.
For stores, destroyed or injured [on board] the
United States snip Erie
By the act for the relief of Peter Von
Schmidt.
Kor his translation of a pamphlet on the cul-
ture and preparation of hemp .
By the act for the relief oj the president and
directors of the Dimal Swamp Canal
Company.
For monej s advanced by said company to
complete the work originally undertaken,
and partly executed by the agents of the
United States.—[Indefinite.]
Recapitulation.
Civil and diplomatic expenses -
Revohitionary and other pensioneer?
Support of the army -
Support of the navy
Support of the Post Office Department
Support of the Indian Department
Support of the Military Academy
INavy pensioners
Fortifications - .
Improvements in the Territories
Miscellaneous -
21,900
3,000
853 >:
$4,270,954
2,255,000
3,929,766
6,350,789
5,166,000
1,059,503
138,049
61,000
900,000
50,000
144,025
Total
- £24,225.088 90
Offices created, and the salaries thereof.
Two clerks m the Bureau of Construction, Equipment
and Repair, Navy Department, (see civil and diplomatic ap-
priation act:) salaries $1,200 per annum, each.
One clcrk in the Bureau of Construction, Equipment, and
Repair, Navy Department, (see civil and diplomatic appro
priation act,) salary $1,000 per annum
One clerk m the Bureau of Provisions and Clothing,
Navy Department, (see civil and diplomatic appropriation
act,) salary $1,200 per annum.
One Commissioner to reside in China, (see civil and dip-
lomatic appropriation act;) salary $5,000 per annum.
One secretary and Chinese interpreter, to reside in China,
(see civil and diplomatic appropriation act;) salary $2,500
per annum.
To be published once in the Constitution, Madisoman,
ana Intelligencer.
