TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
28th Cong 2d Sess.
Correspondence with, Mexico and Texas.
C^"We shall print several thousand
surplus copies of the Congressional
Globe and Appendix, for the purpose of
supplying those who may subscribe
within a reasonable time—say by the
middle of January—with the back num-
bers. The Congressional Globe will
contain a condensed report of the pro-
ceedings in both Houses of Congress
during the session. The Appendix
will contain the reports of the several
heads of departments accompanying the
President's message, and all the long
speeches made by members of Congress
and written out by themselves. The
price to subscribers is § I for the Con-
gressional Globe, and $1 for the Ap-
pendix, during the session. We fur-
nish complete indexes to both. We
suppose that the business of the pres-
ent session will allbrd matter for 25 or
30 numbers of the Congressional Globe,
and an equal number of the Appendix.
As the President's message has been
widely circulated, and the reports of the
heads of the departments which accom-
panied it have not, we have thought it
best to omit the message in the first
number of the Appendix, for the pur-
pose of getting into it all the reports.
DOCUMENTS
Accompanying the President's message.
CORRESPONDENCE WITH MEXICO AND
TEXAS ON THE SUBJECT OF ANNEX-
ATION.
Mr. Calhoun to Mr. Shannon.
Department ok Si-ate,
Washington, .Tunc 20, 1844.
Sin: I have the honor to acknowledge the receipt
of your letter of the 17th of April last, announcing
your acccptance ef the appointment tendered you
by the 1'reBident of the United States as envoy ex-
traordinary and minister plenipotentiary to the re-
public of Mexico, and notifying tlus department of
your readiness to enter on the discharge of the du-
ties of your oilice.
You have already received your commission; and
I herewith encloao to you a full power, n special pass-
port, printed personal instructions, a sealed letter
accrediting you to the President of the Mexican re-
public, and an open copy of the same for your own
use. In presenting this letter of credence to the
President, you will avail yourself of the occasion to
express to the President of Mexico the sincere do-
sire of the President of t he United S'ates to muntam
the most amicable n Kuions with the government of
the Mexican lepublie, ami hispmpose to pioniote
this end by every proper means in his power.
By a convention between the United States and
the Mexican republic, signed on the 11th day of
April, 1839, a joint commission was agreed upon,
for the purpose of adjusting the claims of the citi-
zens of the former on the government of the latter.
This commission, agreeably to the provisions of
the convention, met in the city of Washington in
August, 1840; but much of the time allowed for
the transaction and close of its business was
consumed by the commissioners of the two govern-
ments in discussing the organization of the board,
and proper forms of procedure to bo adopted before
it. The consequence was, that, at the expiration of
the period when, by the terms of the convention,
the commission should expire, many of the claims
submitted for its decision remained undecided by the
, Senate and H. of Reps.
board; while others referred to the umpire were
left in the same state, as he considered his functions
terminating with those of the commission. >
The convention also provided that the claims
which should be allowed might be discharged by the
payment of Mexican treasury notes; but as these
were much depreciated in value at the time when
the commission expired, it became a matter of im-
portance to effect some arrangement by which spe~-
cie should be substituted in their stead. To this
end, your predicessor was empowered and instruct-
ed to enter into a negotiation with the government
of Mexico; and a convention was concluded on the
30th day of January, 1843, providing for the pay-
ment of the awards, and the interest accruing there-
on, in specie, in five years from the 30th day of
April, 1843, in equal instalments every three months.
These instalments have been paid punctually, with
the exception of that which fell due m the
month of February last—a part only of which
vvas paid on the day;- and though the balance has
since been discharged, it is important to the inter-
ests involved that tl c strictest punctuality should be
observed. The last instalment, due on the 30th day
of April, 1844, had not been paid at the date of our
last advices from Mr. Green, the charge d'affaires
ad interim of the United States, though repeated ap-
plications had been made by him to the minister of
foreign relations. This neglect of solemn and ex-
press stipulations cannot be otherwise regarded than
as violations of national faith, injurious alike to the
honor of Mexico and the interests of the United
States. It will, therefore, be your duty to remon-
strate, in the strongest terms, against this apparent
indifference to the obligations of contracts, and to
urge upon the government of Mexico the necessity
of complying with tke stipulations of the conven-
tion, agreeably to its terms.
You will find on the files of the legation li c.orres-
pondence between your predecessor (Mr. Thomp-
son) and the Mexican minister of foreign relations,
in regard to an order addressed by the Mexican Sec-
retary of War, dated the 14th of July, 1843, to the
governors of the States of California, Senora, Sinn-
loa, and Chihuahua, directing the expulsion of the
citizens of the United States from their territories
icspoctively. The result of this correspondence
seems to have been none other tlmn an enlargement
of the terms of the order, so as to embraco foreign-
ers generally, or such of them as might be deemed
vagrants, or dangerous to the public peace.
It is not designed to enter into a grave argument
to expose the character of such an order, or to show
its opposition to the treaty of the 5th of April, 1831.
1 he correspondence referred to will put you in pos-
session of the points in issue, and of the views of
the government m regard to them.
As a large number of our citizens, for the purpose
of trade, have settled themselves in the States re-
ferred to, whose property and liberty may be en-
dangered in its enforcement, it will be necessary
that you give to the subject your earliest atten-
tion. You will perceive, by reference to the cor-
respondence on the files of the legation, that
tho governors of the Stales to whom the order is
addressed are empowered arbitrarily to fix thu time
when those deemed obnoxious shall leave the coun-
try, while no opportunity seems to be vouchsafed to
the suspected to vindicate their characters. In the
execution of such an order, it is more than probable
that much individual wrong and sullering maybe
nillicted; and while you will protest in slicing terms
against the oidci itself, ;is a flagrant violation of the
treaty of lb31, you will, at the same time, exe:t
your utmost vigilance to piotect the pel sons and
property of those who maybe made unjustly the
subjects of its operations. Enjoining on our citizens
on the one hand, a proper obedience to the laws of
Mexico, as a condition ot your interference in their
behalf; and, on the other, giving the Mexican "ov-
ernment to understand that the United States cannot
allow their citizens, induced to take up their resi-
dence in its territories under the solemn sanction of
a treaty, to be driven from their abodes, or other-
wise injured in their persons or property, on frivo-
lous pretexts. 1 ''
Another question of very grave impoitai.ee, and'
which is still pending between the two governments,
grows outof the Mexican decree of the 23d of Sep-
tember, 1843, prohibiting foreigners resident in
Mexico from engaging in the retail trade. Your pre-
decessor (Mr. Thompson) was instructed to protest
against the application of this decree .to the citizens
of the United States, as a dir'ect and palpable in-
fringement of the 3d article of the treaty of 1831,
and incompatible with other stipulations con-
tained in it. The Mexican Minister for For-
eign Affairs attempts to sustain the degree' on the
general ground, that by the treaty the citizens of
each country resident in the other are subject to
their respective laws and usages. This, as a gen-
eral truth, may be admitted; but surely it cannot
be pretended that rights guarantied by treaty be-
tween two independent powers may be abridged or
modified by the municipal regulations of one of the
parties, without and against -the consent of the
other. Such a position is so utterly untenable, that
it would be needless to dwell on it.
This subject will demand .your prompt attention;
for it is of the highest importance to prevent the in-
justice, injury, and distress -which must necessarily
attend the execution of the decree, rather than to
resort to protracted negotiations in order to repair
them.
You will, therefore, inform the government of
Mexico, in firm but conciliatory language, that,
while the United States concede to Mexico the right
to enact laws not inconsistent with her treaty stipu-
lations, they cannot tamely submit to the execution
of this decree; and that it is confidently expected it
will bo countermanded, so far as their citizens are
concerned.
Another decree, dated in August last, was also
issued by the Mexican government, which appears
to conflict, very clearly, with the stipulations of the
treaty of 1831. By the 4th article of this decree,
merchandise lawfully imported into the territories
of Mexico is subjected to forfeiture, after a limited
time, unless it be sold or reshipped in one year.
This is so obviously in contravention of the 2Gth
article of the treaty existing between the two coun-
tries, and so hostile in its spirit to those relations of
friendship which it was intended to secure, that, in
the last interview between your predecessor (Mr.
Thompson) and the President of Mexico, a prom-
ise was made by that functionary so to modify the
said decree as to divest it of its obnoxious provis-
ions in respect to the citizens of the United States.
You will avail yourself of the first occasion, after
your arrival, to 6ring the subject to the notice of
the Mexican government, and to urge the immediate
fulfilment of the promise made to your predecessor.
You will embrace some convenient opportunity,
after you have complied with the foregoing instruc-
tions, to address a note to the Mexican government
in which you will say that you are instructed to in-
form it that the President perceives with regret it has
entirely misconceived the object of the communica-
tion which the secretary of the legation of the United
States, in conformity with his instructions, made to
it, in reference to the treaty recently entered into
with Texas. Its object, as it plainly imports to be,
was to announce to the government of Mexico that
the treaty had been signed, and submitted to the
benate for its approval; that the measure'had been
adopted with no unfriendly or hostile feelings to
Mexico; and that the government of the United
States way ic.idy to adjust, on liberal terms, the
question of boundary, aed any other that might
grow outof the treaty. It constituted no part ofits
o.ijoct to invito a discussion as to its right to make
the treaty. To suppose so, would be to assume
tnat it had made it without duly examining and es-
tablishing, to its entire satisfaction, its right to do
so; a supposition which would neither comport with
the fact, nor with what is due to its honor and dig-
nity. Such being the case,-it cannot, consistently
with either, permit itself to be drawn into a contro-
veisy with the government of Mexico as to its l-Wit
to make the treaty; and you will inform it, accord-
ingly that you have been instructed to pass unno-
ticed the inconclusive arguments by which it has at-
tempted to convert our right to enter into it. We hold
lexas to be independent de jure as well as defaj
as competent, in every respect,, to enter into a tres'--
of cession, or any other, as Mexico herself, ors-'v
other independent power; and that, in entering
the treaty of annexation with her, we vioiated no
