APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
28th Cong:....2d, Sess.
Correspondence with Mexico and Texas.
Dec", 18I4.
Senate and H. ofReps. <
guarantied to Texas, by the constitution, to form
a separate State as soon as her population would
permit. The several States remained equal in
rights, and equally independent of each other, un-
til 1835, when the constitution was subverted by
the military, and all the States which dared to resist
were subjugated by force, except Texas. She stood
Up manfully and bravely in defence of her rights
and independence, which she gloriously and suc-
cessfully asserted on the battle-ground of San Ja-
cinto in 1836, and has ever since maintained. The
constitution of 1824 made her independent, and her
valor and her sword have maintained her so. She
has been acknowledged to be so by three of the lead-
ing powers of Christendom, and regarded by all as
such, except Mexico herself. Nor has she ever
stood, in relation to Mexico, as a rebellious depart-
ment or province, struggling to obtain independence
after. throwing off her yoke; much less 'as that of a
band of lawless intruders and usurpers, without
fovernmerit or political existence, as Mexico would
ave the world to believe. The true relation be-
tween them is that of independent members of a fed-
eral government, but now subverted by force; the
weaker of which has successfully resisted, under
fearful odds, the attempts of the stronger to conquer
and subject her to its power. It is in that light we
regard her; and in that we had the right to invite her
to renew the proposition for annexation, and to treat
with her for admission into the Union, without giv-
ing any just offence to Mexico, or violating any
obligation by treaty, or otherwise, between us and
her. Nor will our honor, any more than our wel-
fare and safety, permit her to attack Texas while
the question of annexation is pending. If Mexico
has thought proper to take offence, it is we, who
invited a renewal of the proposition, and not she,
who accepted it, that ought to be held responsible;
and we, as the responsible party, cannot, without
implicating our honor, permit another to suffer
in our place. Entertaining these views, Mexico
would make a great mistake if she would suppose
that the President would regard with indifference
the renewal of the war which she has proclaimed
against Texas. Our honor and our interests are
both involved.
But another, and a still more elevated considera-
tion would forbid him to look on with indifference?
As strong as are the objections to the renewal of the
war, those to the manner in which it is to be con-
ducted are still more so. If honor and interest for-
bid a tame acquiescence in the renewal of the war,
the voice of humanity cries aloud against the man-
ner of conducting it. All the world have an interest
that the rules and usages of war, as established be-
tween civilized nations in modern times, should be
respected, and are in duty bound to resist their vio-
lation, and see them preserved. In this case, that
duty is pre-eminently ours. We are neighbors; the
nearest to the scenes of the proposed atrocities;
most competent to judge, from our proximity; and,
for the same reason, enabled more readily to inter-
pose. From the same reason, also, our sympathy
would be more deeply wounded by viewing the
mingled scenes of misery which would present
themselves on all sides, and hearing the groans of
the suffering; not to mention the dangers to "Which
we would be exposed, in consequence, on a weak
and distant frontier, with numerous and powerful
bands of Indians in its vicinity.
If anything can add to the atrocity with which
it is proclaimed the war will be waged, it is the bold
fiction, regardless of the semblance of truth, to
which the government of Mexico has resorted, in
order to give color to the decree of June, 1843, and
the orders of General Woll. Finding nothing in
the conduct of the government or people of Texas
to justify their bloody and ferocious character, it
has assumed, in wording them, that there is no
such government or community as Texas; that the
individuals to be found there are lawless intruders
and usurpers, without political existence, who
may rightfully be treated as a gang of pirates, out-
casts from society, and, as such, not entitled to the
protection of the laws of nations or humanity. In
this assumption it obstinately persists, 111 spite of
the well-known and (excepting the government of
Mexico) the universally-admitted fact that the colo-
nists ofTexas, instead of being intruders and usurp-
ers, were invited to settle there—first, under a grant
by the Spanish authority to Moses Austin, which
was afterwards confirmed by the Mexican author-
ity, and, subsequently, by similar grants from the
State of Texas Coahuila, which it was authorized
(0 issue by the constitution of 18.2,4. They came
there as invited guests—not, invited for their own in-
terests, but for those of Spain and Mexico—to pro-
tect a weak and helpless province from the ravages
of wandering tribes of Indians; to improve, culti-
vate, a.nd render productive, wild and almost unin-
habited wastes; and to make that Valuable .which
was before wprthletes. All_this they effected at great
costs, and with much danger and difficulty, which
nothing but American energy and perseverance
could overcome, not only unaided by Mexico, 'but
in despite of the impediments caused by her inter-
ference.
Instead of a lawless gang of adventurers, as they
are assumed to be by the government of Mexico,
these invited colonists became, in a few years, a
constituent portion of the members of the Mexican
union, and proved themselves to be the descend-
ants of a free and hardy race, by the bravery and
energy with which they met the subverters of the
constitution of 1824, and successfully preserved
their independence. This done, they gave a still
higher proof of their descent by establishing wise
and free institutions, and yielding ready obedience
to the laws of their own enacting. Under the influ-
ence of these causes, they have enjoyed peace and
security; while their industry and energy, protected
by equal laws, have widely extended the limits of
cultivation and improvements over their beautiful
country. It i3 such a people, living under a free
and well-established government, and on whose
soil "no hostile foot has found rest" for the last eight
years—who have been recognised and introduced as
one of its members into the family of nations—that
Mexico has undertaken to treat as a lawless banditti,
and against whom, as such, she has proclaimed a war
of extermination, forgetful of their exalted and gen-
erous humanity, when, during the former invasion,
they spared the forfeited lives of him who ordered,
and those who butchered, in cold blood, the heroic
Fannin and his brave associates, regardless of plight-
ed faith. The government of Mexico may delude
itself by its bold fictions; but it cannot delude the
rest of the world. It will be judged and held re-
sponsible, not by what it may choose to regard as
facts, and to act upon as such, but what are in reali-
ty facts, known and acknowledged by all, save her-
self.
Such are the views which the President entertains
in reference to the renewal of the war, after so long
a suspension, and under existing circumstances, and
the barbarous and bloody manner in which it is pro-
claimed it will be conducted. He instructs you, ac-
cordingly, to address, without delay, to the proper
department of the Mexican government, a commu-
nication, in which you will state the views en-
tertained by him in reference to the renewal
of the war while the question of annexation
is pending, and the manner in which it is
intended to be conducted; and to protest against
both, in strong language, accompanied by declara-
tions that the President cannot regard them with in-
difference, but as highly offensive to the U. States.
You are also instructed to renew the declaration
made to the Mexican secretary by our charge d'af-
fairs, in announcing the conclusion of the treaty—
that the measure was adopted in no spirit of hostili-
ty to Mexico; and that, if annexation should be con-
summated, the United States will be prepared to
adjust all questions growing out of it, including that
of boundary, on the most liberal terms.
I am, sir, respectfully, your obedient servant,
J. C. CALHOUN.
Wilson Shannon, esq., &c.
Orders of General Woll.
[Referred to in the instructions of Mr Calhoun to Mr. Shan-
non of tlie 10th of September, 1844.]
Headquarters of the Army of the North,
Mier, June 20, 1844.
I, Adrian Woll, general of brigade, &c., make
known:
1. The armistice agreed on with the department
ofTexas having expired, and the war being, in con-
sequence, recommenced against the inhabitants of
that department, all communication with it ceases.
2. Every individual, of whatever condition, who
may contravene provisions of the preceding article,
shall be regarded as a traitor, and shall receive the
punishment prescribed in article 45, title 10, treatise
8, of the articles of war.
3. Every individual who may be found at the dis-
tance of one league from the left bank of the Rio
Bravo, will be regarded as a favorer and accom-
plice of the usurpers of that part of the national
territory, and as a traitor to his country; and, after
a summary military trial, shall receiye the said pun-
ishment. ' 1 •
4. Every individual who may b« comprehended
within the provisions of the preceding article arid
may be rash enough to fly at the sight of any force
belonging to the supreme government, shall be pur-
sued until taken or putto death.
5. In consideration, of the situation of the towns
ofLareda and Santa Rita de Ampudia, as well as
of all the farm-houses beyond the Rio Bravo, in
which remain all the interests of the inhabitants of
the line committed to my charge, I have this day
received from the supreme government orders to de-
termine the manner 'by which those interests are to
be protected; but, until the determination of the su-
preme government be received, I warn all those who
are beyond the limits here prescribed, to bring them
within the line, or to abandon them; as those who
disobey this order will infallibly suffer the punish-
ment here established.
ADRIAN WOLL.
Translation of a decree of the Mexican Government.
[Referred to in the instructions of Mr. Calhoun to Mr. Shan-
non, of 10th September, 1844}
Department of War and Marine,
National Palace, Mexico, June 17, 1843.
I, Antonio Lopez de Santa Anna, benemerito of
the country, general of division, and provisional
President of the Mexican republic, hereby make
known to the people, that—
Considering the criminal and destable abuse which
has been, and is now, committed by many foreign-
ers, belonging, for the most part, to naiions in peace
and friendship with Mexico, in usurping its territo-
ry, invading it with arms, in fighting the troops of
the republic, in robbing property, and committing
other acts of violence worthy of hordes of banditti
and pirates out of the pale of the laws of nations;
and that tho time has at length come to put an end
to these evils and villanies, by exercising the rights
and employing the forces used by nations in such
cases, inasmuch as the same persons, whom the
government has pardoned through its generos ty
and clemency, have returned to try their fortune by
committing new aggressions for the advancement of
their nefarious ends: I have resolved, for the good
of the nation, in order to preserve it from the at-
tacks of such adventurers, and to prove the firm-
ness with which I uphold the rights of the republic,
to cause the following articles to be observed, which
I have decreed in virtue of the 7th article of the
Bases of Tacubaya, sanctioned by the nation:
Article 1. In future, bo quarter shall be granted
to any foreigner who invades the territory of the re-
public on his own account, whether he be accompa-
nied in his enterprise by a few or by many adven-
turers; and even if he do so ostensibly with the pre-
text *>f protecting civil discords, in which a polit-
ical object is set forth; and all such persons, taken
with arms in their hands, shall be immediately
put to death. This punishment shall be in-
flicted on all foreigners, from whatsoever country;
because, as Mexico is at peace with all nations,
every one who makes war on her does it purely on
his own individual responsibility, and places him-
self out of the protection of existing treaties.
Art. 2. The generals-in-chief of the divisions of
the army, the commandants-general of the coast and
frontier departments, and any other military author-
ity whatsoever, who may take a foreigner in the act
of invading our territory, or promoting civil war
with arms in hand, shall be responsible for the most
exact fulfilment of this decree; and the penalty for
non-compliance with it shall be loss of employment
on the part of the person responsible.
ANTONIO LOPEZ DE SANTA ANNA.
Jose Maria Tornel,
Secretary of War and Marine.
Mr. Calhoun to Mr. Donelson.
Department of State,
Washington, September 17,1844.
Sir: Annexed hereto is a copy of a despatch re-
cently forwarded to the late charge d'affaires of the
United States to Texas, which, should you accept
the appointment conferred on you by the President,
will be regarded as if directed to yourself. The
package containing the original,. and other papers,
was delivered to Lieut. George Stevens, who, as a
special messenger, was instructed to deliver it into
the hands of the charge, Gen. Howard. It is not
improbable that owing to the untimely death of
