Dec. 1844.
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
9
&8th Cong 2d Sess
Report of the Secretary of War.
Senate and H. of Reps-
except at great and unnecessary loss. Organization
and discipline have always been the means of mili-
tary power. In modern times, wealth, population,
and skill in the mechanic arts, are necessary to ena-
ble a nation to sustain a serious and protracted con-
test with any of the great powers of the world.
We are deficient in none of these elements. If our
power is properly developed and directed, we shall
be found fully able to cope with any nation. We
have every materiel of war, except sulphur, in great
abundance within our own territory, and the enter-
prise and well-established mechanical skill among
our own citizens to construct its most formidable
implements. A war, therefore, should our honor or
safety demand it, would be a self-sustaining measure
with us, bringing out the many natural resources of
the country, keeping all the internal channels of
trade in full activity, and creating a constant de-
mand for every product of our domestic manufac-
tures.
The regular force, consisting of eight regiments
of infantry, four of artillery, and.two of dragoons,
is under the command of the major general of the
army. Its disposition, condition, and movements,
will be found in his report. If information more in
detail should be required, it will be furnished by a
reference to the registers and reports of the adjutant
general.
I have had Fort Kent, in the Madawaska settle-
ment, (our recent acquisition on the northeastern
frontier,) occupied, so as to give the countenance and
fostering protection of our government to its inhab-
itants, many of whom have not yet realized their
being citizens of the republic. A road leading di-
rectly fiom Bangor to that fort, agreeably to a
recent survey, which greatly diminishes the dis-
tance, is important and necessary as a military
work, and should be constructed with a view
also to great economy in public transportation.
The expediency of the work, and the necessity of
further attention by this department to our north-
eastern frontier, are not likely to be superseded by
the final adjustment and demarcation of the treaty
line, when we reflect that a contiguous foreign na-
tion must unavoidably, for a portion of the year,
make the circuit of that boundary in conducting the
military intercourse between her different prov-
inces.
I have had a military post established at Copper
Harbor, on the extremity of the peninsula which juts
out far into Lake Superior from the middle ot its
southern shore. Besides giving protection to the
Indians and miners, and preserving order 111 a new
settlement of such a mixed population,it forms one
point in the new cordon, which the general cxten-
sion of our settlements and the enlargement of our
territories by Indian treaties are about rendering
necessary to be established m accoidance with the
policy which has heretofore been adopted on our
northwestern frontier. With two intermediate
posts, between St. Peters, the head of navigation
on the Mississippi river, and Copper Harbor, this
new cordon will be complete. The Fur company's
post, at La Pointe, near Fond du Lac, should be one;
and the Portage, on the water communication be-
tween Lake Superior, near Fond du Lac and St.
Peters, the other.
With a view to the policy to which I now advert,
and to preserve the military posts aheady establish-
ed upon our lake frontier, it is proper 1 should rec-
ommend the appropriation of funds to renew the
buildings of Fort Gratiot, commanding the straits
between Lake Huron and Lake fee. Clair, and ol
Fort Brady at the Falls of St. Mary, upon the outlet
of Lake Superior, originally constructed in haste
and of slight and perishable materials. The usual
liberal allowance for constructing military roads in
the Territories can no where be more judiciously
granted than for the country south of Lake Superior.
When such communications shall be well opened,
and a canal at the Falls of St. Mary—a work much
urged upon us by national considerations—shall bo
constructed, this frontier would be capable of re-
ceiving supplies, and be well secured in a military
point of view, besides the enhancement which
would thereby be given to the value of the public
lands and the encouragement for their occupation
by a nulling and other population, possessing the
skill and the capital to explore, develope, and
bring into n^arket the mineial treasuies oi iho
country.
The remounting of the second regiment of dra-
goons will enlarge the very best force for military
service in the prairies—an indispensable duty now
devolving on the government. As long as a foreign
territory makes so marked an encroachment into
the natural boundary of our southwestern frontier,
Fort Jesup, or a post in the rear of it upon the Sa-
bine, must remain one of the most important mil-
itary positions on any of our frontiers. In addition
to the propriety of having a large force stationed
there, it was increased by the necessary detention
of the rifle regiment, preparatory to its being re-
converted into the second regiment of dragoons,
whose proper station is in the Indian country.
Without destroying the military departments, as
established by a general order of the 12th day of
July, 1842, and at the same time preserving the
command and the control of the major general, com-
manding in chief, over the forccs of the line, 1 have
reinstated the two geographical divisions of the
army. In making this reinstatement I have reserved,
as convenient for military purposes, from the
command of the generals of geographical divisions,
the fourth department, commanded by Brevet Brig-
adier General Brady, and the ninth, at present com-
manded in Florida by Brevet Brigadier General
Worth.
The termination of the Florida war and the tranquil-
lity which prevails there under the vigilant eye of
the officer in command, have led to the withdrawal
of most of the troops from that territory. They
have generally returned to their former posts and
garrisons. I feel assured that the instructions, which
Tssued in conformity to your suggestions, from this
department on the 18th day of October last, to the
general commanding m Florida, will, without inju-
rious delay, hasten the gradual and humane removal
of the few Seminoles remaining in that country, so
as to secure its people fiom every apprehension of
change in that pacific disposition by which those In-
dians appear to have been governed since the termi-
nation of the war.
Efficiency and military spirit are much improved
by keeping troops in mass. Central depots oil
healthy sites, whether forts or not, so that they are
readily accessiblc from all points where the service
of the regiment might be required, are the best loca-
tions for the barracks of troops. In several of the
seacoast fortifications, the plan of defence has exclu-
ded, as bariacks and quarters for the garrison, sep-
arate and exposed buildings; but, providing instead
thereof, and m the body of the rampart, bomb-proof
accommodations, designed to avail for the comfort,
health, and safety of the troops, as well as for the
proper defence of the works, under all the circum-
stanccs of actual warfare and of sieges. Proper and
well-designed as the casemates no doubt are for
these objects, 1 have nevertheless formed the opin-
ion, from my limited personal observation, that it is
advisable, in time of peace, to afford the assembled
troops and the hospitals barrack establishments, on
airy and spacious sites, separate from the forts.
With this impression upon my mmd—an impres-
sion which seems to prevail throughout the army—
1 would be remiss in my duty did 1 not express the
hope that Congress may authorize and appropriate
funds for the erection o'f banacks at the necessary
points on the seaboard; caie being taken that, by
their location and construction, they shall not inter-
fere with the proper purpose and action of the forti-
ficatiuns.
Connected with the subject of barraeks and ac-
commodations for the soldiers, 1 cannot omit the
opportunity to recommend to Congicss to authorize
the substitution of the single iron for the double
wooden bedstead, and the erection of buildings for
religious worship and schools at all our permanent
fortifications. The first would add to the comfort,
health, and cleanliness of the soldier, and the two
latter would certainly elevate Ins moral condition—
an object to u Inch the national legislature has so far
benevolently and effectually attended, as to give to
the rank-and-file of the army an elevation of charac-
ter not to be found in the military service of other
countries.
Of the horse, or light field artillery, we have now
four companies well drilled and expert in their exer-
cises, and yet defective in their organization. To
make these companies fully efficient, and to enable
them to receive all the instruction which so valua-
ble an arm of the military service demands, and to
afford the full and piopei example to other portions
of the ai niy, it is necessary that legal authority
should be given for the enlistment of a lew addition-
al men to each of these companies. The increase
would be valuable, and the expanse inconsiderable.
It would obviate, too, the necessity of resorting to
ail expedient adopted m general orders of the 17th of
October last, by the commanding general of the
army, from his very proper and earnest desire to
extend the peculiar instruction now imparted to
those light companies of artillery by periodical
changes in their regiments, and to have the nui& 
ber of men necessary at each school of exercise to
manoeuvre with a full, instead of a partial battery.
The horse artillery is'generally injudiciously sta-
tioned when in forts, for it is emphatically an arm
for open field service. Superiority in horse artille-
ry in the French revolutionary wars generally se-
cured the victory. It is therefore an. arm which
cannot with impunity be neglected. It should be
stationed in time of peace in the interior, or in the
western States, where forage and horses are cheap,
and where it would probably also serve to more ad-
vantage, as a model for forming spirited uniformed
volunteer companies, that portion of the militia the
most efficient and the more to be encouraged.
I visited the military academy at West Point
during the examination, and must unite my com-
mendations of this valuable institution to the many
which have been so repeatedly bestowed upon it by
all my predecessors. Its great prototype, the cele-
brated Polytechnique, the creation of that greatand
bold convention, which, with all its faults, showed
that liberty in its very excesses still paid homage
to mind and science—this school, so identified with
the glory of France, and so instrumental in the dif-
fusion of modern science, has been twice disbanded
on account of its republican tendency; while ardent
but jealous lovers of freedom in our own country
attack the strongest, if not the only democratic element
of our military system with, I apprehend, a mista-
ken and groundless charge of aristocratic tendency.
The register of appointments of cadets affords ample
testimony of the impartiality which follows the prac-
tice adopted by the department, in the nominations
to the academy, and that a great portion of the selec-
tions arc made from those conditions in our society
the least likely to imbibe principles, in the course of
a valuable education, at variance with the free re-
publican institutions of the country. Neither should
ft be overlooked, that the knowledge and science ac-
quired at the academy are equally and fairly diffused;
and in very many and highly important instances,
the graduates, whether they continue in the army,
or are restored to private life, are engaged in the ex-
ecution of civil and commercial works throughout
the country.
Whilst, in my opinion, neither good sense nor
sound policy can sustain a proposition to cut off the
very principle of vitality from a military establish-
ment, yet it must be admitted that the average sup-
ply of new members to an army must be made to
depend upon its size; and it certainly should not be
allowed much to exceed the annual number of casu-
alties, causing vacancies in the service; otherwise
the lower grade, if left open to it, would at times
become so encumbered with numbers, as to close
the avenue for future accessions and promotions.
The tables of the adjutant general's office show that
the average number of vacancies, from all casual-
ties in the army, is about thirty;which, therefore,
should be the limit of annual promotions from the
academy, or of new appointments m the army. The
vacancies aie usually anticipated by attaching the
Graduates of tin academy to the army as brevet sec-
ond lieutenants. It is objected that the many graduates
thus carried into the at my by brevet commissions,
have been so great as to swell that class of young
officers, not very justly designated as "supernumera-
ry,'1' to'a number unnecessary and burdensome up-
on'the government. Tins w ould be true if all the
officers belonging to regiments and companies were
actually present and performing regimental duty;
but the records of the adjutant general's office show
that one officer is necessarily absent from each com-
pany to perform duty in the general staff, at the mili-
tary academy* in the general recruiting service, &c.,
including also those on leave of absence, and a very
few occasionally engaged on some special duty.
When regard is paid to the officers thus drawn on, it
will be found there is no redundancy; and the tech-
nical military term "supernumerary" is unjustly ap-
plied in our service, where all are attached, and ac-
tually engaged upon public duty.
The number of this class of officers depends upon
casualties, and of course so vibrates as at t.mes to .
have required appointments directly trom cm life.
So lone therefore, as those bievc t second lieuten-
ants are actually necessary and engaged m public
service and whilst it may be deemed the policy of
the country to secure and preserve an amount of
military skill and knowledge which might be dif-
fused and employed with advantage and riUacney
