10
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
28th Cong 2x> Sess.
Dec, 1844.
Report of the Secretary of War.
through a larger army, if our safety demanded the
increase, I trust that public expediency may be so
brought to bear upon this subject as to save and
continue those young officers in a profession for
■which they have been well and laboriously educated,
and encouraged to enter by the institutions of their
country.
What may be the effect of the reduction of the
number of cadets appointed agreeably to the pro-
visions of the recent act of Congress of 1st March,
1843, is yet to be discovered. If the consequences
of that act, when fairly brought out, shall so dimin-
ish the classes of graduates that they will not be
equal to the casual annual vacancies in the army,
would it not be proper to pause, and suspend the
adoption of any contemplated measure in relation to
the brevet second lieutenants until it shall be ascer-
tained by experience whether that class of young
officers will not be gradually reduced, and finally
absorbed, by the operation of the present law? I
think such will be the ultimate effect, notwithstand-
ing it may safely be admitted as a good rule to be
established, not to permit the anticipation of more
than the probable vacancies in the army in promot-
ing a graduating class. This result may the more
safely be relied upon, unless the present admirable
system should be departed from, and graduation be-
come a mere form incidental to, and necessarily fol-
lowing, an appointment as cadet. It is only while a
high proficiency shall be rigidly exacted from each
cadet, that this school will retain its reputation. If,
however, a mistaken leniency shall ever be allowed
■ to impair this, it will then no longer be a merit to
graduate at this institution. Its reputation depart-
ing, true friends of science and learning would de-
mand its disbandment.
In closing my remarks upon the academy, I cannot
avoid the expression of my earnest desire that a joint
committee of Congress may _be appointed and ena-
bled to visit and make a close and rigid inspection of
the institution; to report its condition, and such
amendments as they might deem to be expedient.
If legislative engagements render the selection of
such a committee impracticable, I think it would
then be proper to restore to this department the au-
thority to appoint an annual board of visiters.
I do not consider it to be disadvantageous in the
military service of a republic to encourage resigna-
tions, thereby causing enough vacancies to afford
reasonable opportunities of promotions. Advance-
ment in rank is the best stimulant to the zeal of the
promising officer. Without discussing the policy of
a pension system, such as would arise from a half-
pay or retired list, I shall venture the proposition
that no army can ever endanger the republic, if its
officers, after any term of years of service, again
become simply private citizens. Expediency, there-
fore, leads to the eneouragement of resignations.
This encouragement should be founded in justice
to the faithful servant of the public. Twenty-five
years continuous service is enough to exact from
any man, and it may safely be assigned as a general
limit of the greatest efficiency of an officer. It would
also enable him to retire at a time of life when still
young enough to enter upon other pursuits. I
would, therefore, submit the proposition for the pas-
sage of a law entitling an officer, after twenty-five
wars good and faithful service, to a section of public
land, and two years' furlough on full pay, with the
condition, should he avail himself of this privilege,
tnat his commission be vacated at the termination of
his furlough. The officer thus voluntarily retiring
would carry with him valuable information into the
ranks of civil life, which might be applied to the in-
struction of the militia, and would always be availa-
ble upon any emergency requiring the employment
of military experience.
Officers of staff corps are unavoidably exposed,
from the nature of their duties, to serious expenses,
and cannot practise that economy in their living, or
derive any of the advantages incident to fixed posts
and stations. On these accounts, it is believed, the
laws have given to such officers a slight increase of
pay. When officers of the line are assigned to staff
duties, they are exposed to the same causes of in-
creased expense, but do not receive the increased
pay. It is therefore suggested, as an act of justice,
that provision should be made by law, granting to
officers of the line the same pay, emoluments and
allowances now given to officers of the same grade of
the staff corps in which those officers of the line
may be detailed for service.
The construction of the fortifications or permanent
defences of the eountry is an essential branch of the
military profession. In all countries it is the. pecu-
Seriate and H. Of' Reps.
liar function of the engineers of the army. These
works, costing great sums and requiring many years
for their completion, ought, therefore, to be mature-
ly devised with a view to the future as well as the
present state of the country. Some of the larger
works on the northj Atlantic seacoast have been
completed; mid at this moment the system
of defence is so "advanced that there is no
important post north of Cape Hatteras unpro-
vided with the means of vigorous resistance against
any insult from merely a naval force. Troops are
not likely to be tempted to debark on any of the
densely settled parts of our coast: if they were, I
do not doubt that thejr first efforts would be directed
to regain their ships. But in a national matter of
this kindb where such immense interests are at
stake, we should not desist short of the achieve-
ment of full security; nor should we be directed in-
to any course which is without the sanction of ex-
perience. The policy of this system of defence by
permanent fortifications is every day more impres-
sively brought to the public mind by our rapid'ad-
vancement in population and all the means of na-
tional wealth—by the increase of our large towns
and cities, which everywhere, upon our frontier,
and the gulf and sea coast, display the vigor of the
country, and at the same time its exposure to for-
eign aggression. I therefore invite attention to some
prominent positions in this System of national de-
fence more essentially demanding the means of com-
mencing the works.
Whilst Fort McHenry—a work of inferior force
—is available to resist a particular kind of hostile at-
tack upon Baltimore, it forms the only defence by
fortification to that important city. The true de-
fence and safety of Baltimore will, it is believed, be
found in the erection of permanent works on Soller's
Point Flats, about ten miles below the city. Let
the proposed fort upon those flats be completed, and
the inhabitants of that city will no longer have oc-
casion to apprehend a second battle of North Point.
The resumption of the work upon Fort Dela-
ware, at the Pea Patch, is anxiously desired by all
those interested in the commerce and the country of
the Delaware, in the defence of Philadelphia, Wil-
mington, and Newcastle, of the Delaware and Ches-
apeake canal, and of the Baltimore and Philadel-
phia railroad.
The sum of twenty thousand dollars, reappropri-
ated at the last session of Congress, if it can be
rendered available, would be sufficient for this im-
portant object for the ensuing year. But, upon
turning to the phraseology of that appropriation, it
will be found that its use is prohibited, unless "the
title to the Pea Patch island shall be decided to be in
the United States.1' As the question now stands,
the presumption—resting upon the positive opinion
of the Solicitor of the Treasury, strengthened by a
judgment by default in the circuit court for the dis-
trict of Delaware, and possession accordingly deliv-
ered to the authorities of the general government—
fairly arises that the title is vested in the United
States. But still there has not yet been a trial upon
the merits, and of course no final judicial decision
pronounced upon the title, so as to be a bar to a re-
newal of the controversy by a second ejectment.
It therefore rests with Congress to say whether
the government shall continue satisfied with the pre-
sumption of title in its favor, and will remove the
restriction upon the expenditure of the appropria-
tion.
I renew the proposition for the general government
to purchase from the State of New York, upon the
terms liberally proffered by her, the important posi-
tion upon Staten Island, immediately opposite to
Fort Hamilton, and essential to the command of the
main channel of approach to the city of New York.
The occupation of this post should not remain with
the State, but should be placed under the authority
of the United States, because the military works in-
dispensably required there are essentially national.
This has already been recognised by the expendi-
ture of the money of the general government in re-
pairs of the batteries. With a view to effect this
purchase, I concur in the suggestions made by the
chief of the corps of engineers, for the sale or ex-
change of Fort Gansevoort, now rendered useless as
a national work by the growth and encroachments
of the city of New York.
The subsidence of the vast and expensive mate-
rials collected at the Rip Raps, for the construction
of Fort Calhoun, having ceased, or nearly so, the
present may be deemed a favorable time for Con-
gress to encourage the renewal of that important
work, designed, to cojpplete the defence of Hampton
Roads, and to cover the entrance into the Chesa-
peake. ;
South of Cape Hatteras, sufficient has not been
done. Some psint oh the southern shore of the
State of Georgia, if fortified, would seem to afford
an advantageous position for a refuge for our own
vessels and cruisers, at the outlet of the Florida
gulf, and would prevent its use for the same pur-
pose by an enemy; and we would thereby gauvalso: 
what is a matter of deep concern—security from
that dangerous influence which might be exercised
over the black population by a hostile occupation.
Congress, by their act of the 17th June last, de-
clared their intention, and appropriated funds for the
commencement of the works, to erect fortifications
on the Florida reef. Notwithstanding your prompt
instructions to this department, the lateness of the
passage of the law, the season of the year, and the
necessity of a preliminary reconnaissance, if not of a
very minute and detailed survey, would of course
occasion some delay in the actual commencement of
the work, under the appropriation of fifty thousand
dollars. All the positions in the entire range of the
Reef, including the Dry Tortugas group, having been
thrown open by the law to the examination of this
department, it imposes a duty of much official re-
sponsibility to select the proper site for the first
work in this extensive scheme of fortification.
For the purpose of obtaining the necessary pre-
liminary information, an officer of the engineer
corps was ordered to proceed to the Reef and the
Tortugas, and to enter upon the proper examina-
tions, as far as his time would permit, of the more
prominent positions within the limits prescribed by
the act of Congress. A report, submitting the result
of his labor and personal surveys, has been received
within the last few days. The information thus com-
municated, leads to the opinion that the first work
should be constructed either at the harbor of Key
West or the Tortugas rock. Unless a more detailed
survey, or future views of public utility, should
produce a change of opinion, no time shall be lost in
devising the plans and arranging the preparatory
measures for the commencement of a work at the
former island. Those plans shall be formed with a
view to harmony in the general scheme of defence
indicated by the language of the appropriation, and
so designed as ultimately to include the Dry Tor-
tugas.
Either of these points, if its fortification shall be
completed, will be of vast advantage in a contest
with a naval power, if our own naval force could
keep command of the gulf. But whilst this latter
was problematical, it would only have been build-
ing a Malta, or erecting a Gibraltar, to add to thd
superiority of an enemy, who, if master of the gul*
would easily starve the most devoted garrison,
placed on a small and barren island, into a capitu-
lation. If our naval force on the gulf should only
be furnished from the seaports on the Atlantic,
(which, for a long time, was admitted to be the case,)
such in fact, notwithstanding the acknowledged
prowess and devotion of that national arm of defence,
would inevitably have been the destiny of a garri-
son on the Dry Tortugas. A report from this de-
partment to the executive, on the 5th December,
1840, was the first official announcement that our
government had discovered its possession of other
elements of naval power. Its existence had at-
tracted your attention, and has since been recog-
nised by Congress in the establishment of a naval
depot at Memphis, with the wise forecast to bring
into harmonious action with the permanent fortifi-
cations for the defence of the gulf coast, the mari-
time resources of the great West and Southwest.
It cannot any longer be doubted that we can, at
will, by the union of the engineer's work with this
new succor from the Mississippi, become the strong-
est naval power on the gulf of Mexico, which is,
emphatically, "our own sea." This being con-
ceded, a strong fortification, placed well in advance,
so as to overlook, not only the vessels navigating
the gulf, but every one doubling Cape San Antonio,
would be the most powerful auxiliary to the steam
force which we would have afloat m the gulf. With
the small appropriation of $50,000 for commencing
this work, but little could have been done towards
its actual construction. A million of dollars would
be a mod rente expenditure for such fortifications
as we should have on this Reef. The important
positions on the shores of the gulf having been
secured, or nearly so, there no longer exists any
cause which should lead to a further delay in the
commencement of a work of a class fully commen-
surate with the wishes of eiU those (.but little, in-
