Dec. 1844.
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLQgff.
> ti
28th Cong 2d Sess.
Report of the Secretary of the JVivy.
Senate and H. of Reps.
cilia'tion shall prove to be impracticable, the execu-
tive and the legislature will Be enabled to devise and
apply the proper remedy, and to grant the suitable
redress for any real wrong or oppression.
"When presenting to the executive the views of
this department upon its various concerns, it is not
practicable to avoid frequent recurrence to subjects
which had previously attracted the notice of many
of my distinguished predecessors. I cannot con-
clude my report without another instance of the
kind, by earnestly repeating the recommendation to
the government to provide, by additional buildings,
for the safety of the records of this department, as
well as for the ready and convenient despatch of its
public business. The present occupation of the
scattered private houses by the heads and the officers
of the various branches of the department, whilst it
does not promote true economy, involves the highly
valuable archives in continual peril, and gives great
personal inconvenience to the public officers, as well
as to our oiti/.e.ns having intercourse and business with
the several bureaus. This is not one of those exi-
gencies from which we can escape by postpone-
ment; for every hour the mischief advances, and the
necessity of reform urges upon us with the more
force.
I have the honor to bo, sir, with high respect,
your obedient and humble servant,
WM. WILKINS,
Secretary of War.
To the President of tin United Suites.
THE
REPORT OF Till?, SKCtUiTARY 01
NAVY.
Navy Dkfak-i nknt, Nov. 25, 1H 14.
Snt: 1 ha\etli<: honor to present to you the an-
imal report of the condition and operations of this
denui't.iiiciil of the public .service.
The navy of the United Kittles consists of six
ships of the line, one riv/ee, fourteen frigates, twen-
ty-one sloops of war, sixteen brigs and schooners,
three stove-ships, and eight steamers afloat.
There are on the stocks in an unfinished state,
four ships of the line, three frigates, one slorc-slup,
nt\ iron steamer at Pittsburg, and one at the navy
yftt'tl at Washington to be used as a water lanlt.
Since the last annual report, al'n r careful survey and
inspection, it was found most conducive to the pub-
lic interest to sell the frigate Hudson, and the slore-
phips Consort and Chipohi, and orders have been
recently given for the sale, of the Pioneer. In each
case the navy agent conducting the sale was lnmled
as to the piiee, and (he sales are saiisfac.tory. The
Hudson was oiigmally built by contract lor a for-
eign government, was found to he unwouliy of re-
pair, and it was believed to be more advantageous to
sell than to break her up.
The v< ssols in commission have been employed
as follows:
In the home squadron, the frigate. Potomac, the
sloops Vincenncs, Vnndidia, and Falmouth, the
brigs Somers and Lawrence, and the steamer
Union, under the command of Commodore Connor.
In the month of August the Vmeeimes returned
north from the Gulfof Mexico, was put in ordinary,
and her crew discharged.
Ill the Mediterranean sea, the squadron was un-
der the command of Commodore Morris, until he
left that station in the Delaware 74 in February,
when the command devolved on Commodore .Tos.
Smith. Our naval forces in that sea consist of the
frigates Cunibeiland and Columbia, sloops Ply-
mouth and ^'airfield, and store-ship Lexington. I- he
new sloop St Mary's is under orders, and will pro-
ceed, as soon as she is ready for sea, to relieve the
.Fairfield.
On the coast of Brazil, the sqitadron has con-
sisted of the Columbus 74, frigates Rurilan and
Congress, sloops John Adams and Boston, brig
Bainbridge and schooner Enterprise.
The Columbus, John Adams, and Enterprise,
"have returned home, been put m ordinary, and their
crews discharged. The squadron is under the com-
mand of Commodore Daniel Turner.
In the Pacific ocean there have been employed
the frigates United States and Savannah, sloops
Cyane, Levant and Warren, schooner Shark, and
store-ship Relief, The United States and Cyane
have returned home,been put m ordinary, and their
crews discharged. The new sloop Portsmouth has
been fitted for sea, and is under orders to join this
squadron. Commodore Thomas ap O. Jones was
relieved from the command by Commodore Alex-
ander J. Dallas, by whose lamented death in the
month of June last, the command devolved on
Captain James Armstrong, the second in command.
Commodore John D. Sloat has been ordered to the
Pacific to assume command on that station.
No change has been made in the vessels compo-
sing the Ea3t India squadron since the last annual
report. The frigate Brandywine arrived at Macao,
with the Hon. Caleb Cushing on board, in Febru-
ary last. The sloop St. Louis and the brig Perry
have since arrived at the same port. Both of these
vessels were detained on their outward passage by
the illness of Com. Cocke, of the St. Louis, and of
Com. Dupont, of the Perry. To the mortification
of both these officers, and to the regret of the de-
partment, each was compelled, by the state of his
health, to relinquish his command and return to the
United States. Captain McKeever and Com. John
Stone Paine were sent out to supply their places.
The squadron is commanded by Com. Foxhall A.
Parker. The frigate Constellation, bearing the
pennant of Com. Kearney, returned home in April
last, after a cruise of nearly four years. She lias
been hud up, anil her crew discharged.
The squadron on the ccmst of Africa, under the
command of Com. M. C. Perry, consists of the frig-
ate Macedonian, sloops Saratoga and Decatur, and
brig Porpoise, mounting ninety-three guns. The
sloops Preble and Yorktown, and brig Truston,
have been sent out to relieve the Saratoga, Decatur,
and Porpoise. " The new sloop Jamestown has been
launched, and is in active preparation to go to sea to
relieve the Macedonian. Com. Charles W. Skin-
ner has been ordered to proceed ill her to the sta-
tion, and relieve Com. Perry. Another sloop will
be ordered to the station with all practicable de-
spatch. The squadron, as thus constituted, will
mount eighty-three guns. It is found that single,
decked vessels are best suited to tins service, and
that in them the heallh of theotliceis and <rew will
be more secure than in those of a larger class and
more difficult of ventilation. It affords me pleasure
to stale that the apprehensions which wen; enter-
tained for the health of the stjuadron have not been
realized. While at sea it is found that their health
i,x good, and the deleterious influence of the climate
is only felt by those on shore. The operations of
the squadron have, it is believed, exercised a favor-
able intluence in preventing the slave trade. With
the provision of our laws denouncing it as piracy,
and the. presence of our naval forces, with authority
to visit all vessels under the American flag, it is not
probable that our citizens will engage in this dis-
giacel'ul and perilous traffic, or our flag be used by
others to any great extent.
If other Christian nations would indict the sains
punishment on the offenders, it is not improbable
that the trade would cease.
The storcship Eric is about to sail from New
York with stores fortius squadron. The unlieallhi-
nessofa residence on shore, the influence of the
climate in deteriorating provisions when in store,
and the difficulties of landing them, make it very de-
sirable to have a large and well-found storcship per-
manently attached to the station.
No alteration has been made in the cruising
grounds of the several squadrons since the last an-
nual report.
The following vessels have been employed on
special service. The frigate Constitution, Captain
Percival, sailed from New Yoilcon the 2!Hh May
last, on a cruise in the Indian Ocean. The Hon.
Henry A. Wise took passage in this ship, and was
landed at Rio lie Janeiro on the 6th August, when
she proceeded on her cruise.
The steamer Princeton, Capt. Stockton, has been
employed in gun-practice and experiments. She is
under orders to be prepared for a cruise to test her
qualities, as well under her sails as her steam, and
to determine the advantages of her mode of pro-
pulsion.
The steamer Poinsett, Lieut. Semmes; has been
employed in making surveys between Apalachico-
la bay and the Balize. The work is finished, and
she will be laid up for the winter.
The bring Tuxton, Lieut. Upshur, returned from
Constantinople m January Inst, with the remains of
Com. David Potter, and m .Tunc sailed to join the
squadron on the coast of Africa, under the command
of Commander Bruce.
The steamers Col. Harney and Gen Taylor were
transferred from the War Department for the use of
the navy. The former has been employed in the
transportation of recruits and supplies for the navy,
and is now under orders to sail without delay under
command of Lieut. Lynch, to prevent trespasses on
the live oak and other timber on the public lands;
between Cape Sable and the Balize, with instruc-
tions to give aid to merchant vessels in distress dur-
ing the coming' winter. The Gen. Taylor, Lieut.
Farrand, has been employed for like purposes dur-
ing the past season.
The schooner Phenix, and brig Oregon, have
been successively employed under the command of
Lieut. Arthur Sinclair, as a packet between this
country and the Isthmus of Darien. The mails for
the squadron, and for such of our citizens as choose
to adopt this mode of conveyance are regularly for-
warded by this route. The schooner Flirt, Lieut.
Davis, will be employed on the same duty. It is
believed that great advantage to the service and - to
the public will result from this mode of communica-
tion with the Pacific ocean.
The Pennsylvania, at Norfolk; the North Caro-
lina, at New York; the Ohio, at Boston; the Expe-
riment, at Philadelphia; the On-ka-hy-e, at Charles-
ton; and the Ontario, at Baltimore, are employed as
receiving'vessels.
The force estimated for and "proposed to be em-
ployed during the year, commencing on the first day
of July, 1845, consists of 10, frigates, 13 sloops of
war, 7 brigs, 2 schooners, 4 armed steamers, 3 small
steamers, 4 store-ships, and 2 small vessels.
It is not so large as that estimated for in the last
annual report; but it is somewhat larger than that
authorized by the appropriations for the current
fiscal year. It is confidently believed that this
force may be most advantageously employed in giv-
ing protection to American commerce, which is dai-
ly enlarging its operations in every region of theglobe.
The cruising grounds of the several squadrons are
so extended, and the interests of our fellow-citizens
requiring their protection so large, that it is hardly
possible, with the utmost zeal and activity on the
pait of the officers, to visit many points where the
presence of a national ship is necessary to attain this
great object. To this protection they are entitled.
In affording it, a high public duty is discharged, the
officers and men are kept familiar and practised
in their duties, and it is riot believed that the
public vessels sustain more damage than if kept in
ordinary.
By the act of the 17th June, 1844, it is provided
that the whole number of petty officers, seamen,
ordinary seamen, landsmen, and boys in the naval
service during the current fiscal year, shall not ex-
ceed, at any one time, seven thousand five hundred
men. The department promptly gave orders to
suspend the enlistment of men,#nd to discharge the
crews of the vessels as they reached our own wa-
ters, until the required reduction was effected. The
Ime-of-battle ships have been put out of commis-
sion, except as receiving vessels, and the comple-
ments of men allowed to the several classes careful-
ly revised and reduced to the lowest point consist-
ent with the safety of the vessel and the honor of
the flag. It is hardly possible, in view of the
changes of crews on foreign stations, to maintain any
specific, number with exact precision. The depart-
ment has endeavored to conform to the law, and it
is believed that the measures adopted have been
successful.
I deem it my duty to suggest that the reduction
made by that proviso will, in my opinion, be in-
jurious to the public interest. It precludes the em-
ployment of ships of the largest class; and if it
should become the settled policy of the government,
the officers who will be required to command tham,
in the event of war, will not have that degree of
familiarity with the order and management of ships
of the line which is essential to success. There are
also considerations of great weight against adopting
as a maximum the number of men intended to be
actually employed. In sending reliefs to squadrons
abroad, it will frequently happen that the relief ves-
sel sails before the one to be relieved returns home;
while one is on the way to her station and the other
on her return, there is apparently a double coew in
service, but not so for any valuable purpose. With
such a restriction, no public exigency or unforeseen
national necessity would authorize an addition to
the number until the law could be repealed. The
coast survey, the ordinary, and the receiving ships,
all require men, and they form apart of those allow-
ed to the navy.
I have, therefore, caused estimates to be prepared
for nine thousand men for the next year, and it is
believed that thi-i number will not leave available,
for the ships of war in their appropriate duty on
foreign service, more than seven thousand five hun-
dred men.
