mc. mi
APPENDIX TO TttE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
M
28th Cong 2d Sess.
Message of the President.
Senate and H. of RepfT
PRESIDENT'S MESSAGE.
To the Senate and
Howe of Representatives of the United States:
We have continued cause for expressing our
gratitude to the Supreme Ruler of the Universe for
the benefits and blessings which our country, under
his kind providence, has enjoyed during the part
year. Notwithstanding the exciting scenes through
which we have passed, nothing has occurred to dis-
turb the general peace, or to derange the harmony
of our political system. The great moral spectacle
has been exhibited of a nation, approximating in
number to 20,000,000 of people, having performed
the high and important function of electing their
Chief Magistrate for the term of four years, without
the commission of any acta of violence, or the mani-
festation of a spirit of insubordination to the laws.
The great and inestimable right of suffrage has
been exercised by all who were invested with it
under the laws of the different States, in a spirit
dictated alone by a desire, in the selection of the
agent, to advance the interests of the country, and
to place beyond jeopardy the ^imitation* under
which it is our happiness to live. That the deepest
interest has boon manifested by all our countrymen
in the result of the election, is not iesn true than
highly creditable to them. Vast multitudes have
assembled, from time to time, at various places, for
the purpose of nuivaHSuig the merits and preten-
sions of those who were presented for their suifmges,
but no armed soldiery has been necessary to restrain
within proper limits the popular zeal, or to prevent
violent outbreaks. A principle much more control-
ing was found in the love of mder and obedience to
the laws, which, with incrc individual exceptions,
every where possesacw the American mind, and
controls with an influence far more powerful
than hosts of armed men. Wo cannot dwell
upon this picture, without recognising in it
that deep ami devoted attachment on the part of
the people to the institutions under which we live,
which proclaims their perpetuity. The great objec-
tion which has always prevailed against the election
by the people of their chief executive officer, has
been the apprehension of tumults and disorders,
which might involve in ruin the entire government.
A security against this is found not only in the fact
before alluded to, but in the additional fact that we
live under a confederacy embracing already twenty-
six States, no one of which has power to control the
election. The popular vote in each State is taken
at the time appointed by the laws; and such vote is
announced by the electoral college, without refer-
ence to the decision of tin* other States, The right
of suffrage, and the mode of conducting the election,
ore regulated by the laws of each State; and the elec-
tion is distinctly federative in all its prominent fea-
tures. Thus it is that, unlike what might be the
results under a consolidated system, riotous proceed-
ings, should they prevail, could only affect the elec-
tions in single States, without disturbing, to any dan-
gerous extent, the tranquillity of others. The great
experiment of a political confederacy—each mem-
ber of which is supreme as to nil mattcis apper-
taining to its local interests, and its internal peace
and happiness, while, by o voluntary compact with
others, it confides to the united power of all, tin* protec-
tion of its citizens in matters not domestic—has been
so far crowned with complete success. The world has
witnessed its rapid growth in wealth and population;
and, under the guidance and direction of a superin-
tending Pro\ idence, the developments of the pas't
may be regarded but us the sit ulowiug forth of the
mighty futiue. In the bright pio- pt < 5-. of that fu-
ture, we shall llud, as patiiots and philanthropists,
the highc.-t inducements to cultivate and cherish
a love of union, and tofiowu dow n rvery mee.suie
or effort which may be made to nlicnato the States,
or the people of the States, m sentiment and fell-
ing, from each other. A ugid and close adherence
to the terms of our political compact, and, above
all, a sacred observance of the guaranties of the
constitution, will preseive union on a foundation
which cannot be shaken; wlule personal libeity i*
placed beyond hazaid or jeopardy. The. guaranty
of religious freedom; oftbe fieedom of the press; of
the liberty of speech; of the tual by jury; of the ha-
beas corpus, and of the domestic institutions of each
of the States—leaving the private citizen m the full
exercise of the high and enoblmg attributes of his
nature, and to each State the privilege which, can
only be judiciously exerted by itself, of consulting
the means best calculated to advance its own happi-
ijess;—these are the gieat and important guaianties of
(2)
the constitution, which the lovers of liberty must
cherish, and the advocates of union must ever culti-
vate. Preserving these, and "avoiding all interpola-
tions by forced construction, under the guise of an
imagined expediency, upon the constitution, the in-
fluence of our political system is destined to be as ac-
tively and as beneficially felt on the distant shoresof
the Pacific, as it is now on those of the Atlantic
Ocean. The only formidable impediments in the
way of its successful expansion (time and space)
are so far in the progress of modification, by the im-
provements of the age, as to render no longer spec-
ulative the ability of representatives from that re-
mote region to come up to the Capitol, so tlmt their
constituents shall participate in all the benefits of-
federal legislation. Thus it is, that in the progress
of time, the inestimable principles of civil liberty
will be enjoyed by millions yet unborn, and the
great benefits of our system of government be ex-
tended to now distant and uninhabited regions. In
view of the vast wilderness yet to be reclaimed, we
may well invite the lover of freedom, of every land,
to take up his abode among us, and assist us in the
great work of advancing the standard of civilization,
and giving a wider spread to the arts and refine-
ments of cultivated life. Our prayers should ever-
more be offered up to the Father of the Universe
for his wisdom to direct ns in the path of our duty,
so as to enable us to consummate these high pur-
pose*.
One of the strongest objections which has been
urged against confederacies, by writers on govern-
ment, is the liability oftbe members to be tampered
with by foreign governments, or the people of foreign
States, cither ill their local affairs, or 111 such as af-
fccted the peace of others, or endangered the safety
of the whole confederacy. We cannot hope to be
entirely exempt from such attempts on our peace
and safety. Hie United States are becoming too
important in population and resources not to attract
the, observation of other nations. It therefore
limy, in the progress of time, occur that opinions
entirely abstract in the States in which they may
prevail, and in 110 degree affecting their domestic
institutions, amy be artfully, but secretly, encour-
aged with a view to undermine the Union. Such
opinions may become the foundation of political
parties, until at last the conflict of opinion, pro-
ducing tin alienation of friendly feeling among the
people of the dilll'ient States, may involve in one
general destruction the happy institutions under
which we live. It should ever be borne in mind,
that vvlmt is true in regard to individuals, is equally
so in regard to .Suites. An interference of one in the,
affairs of another is the fruitful source of family
dissensions mid neigborhood disputes; and the same
cause affects the peace, happiness, mul prosperity
of States. It may be most devoutly hoped that the
good sense of the American people will ever be
ready to repeal nil such attempts, should they ever
lie nuide.
There lias been no material change in our foreign
relations since my last annual message to Congress.
With all the powers of Europe we continue 011 the
most friendly terms. Indceu, it affords mc much
satisfaction to state, that at no former pciiod has the
pence of that enlightened and important quarter of
the globe ever been, apparently, more firmly estah-
lishod. The conviction that peace is the true pol-
icy of nations would seem to be growing and be-
coming deeper amongst the enlightened everywhere;
and there, is no people who have a stronger inter-
est in cherishing llie sentiment, and adopting the
means of pscerving and gniif it permanence, than
those of the United IStates. Amongst the...-, 1!■ c
fusluud most tlii-cuve are. 110 doul-t, the atiMtob-
M'rvnni'O of justice, and the hone-u and punctual
fulfilment of nil en^ngi incuts. Ihit it is not to
be forgotten that, in the present state of the world,
it is no less necessary to be ready to enforce their
obsci vance and fulfilment, in rtference to ourselves,
than to observe and fulnl them, on our part, in re-
gard to others.
Since the close of your last session, a negotiation
has been formally entered upon between the Secre-
tary of State him! her Britannic Majesty's minister
plenipotentiary and envoy extraordinary residing at
Washington, relative to the rights of their respective
nations 111 and over the Oiegon territory. That ne-
gotiation is still pending. Should it, during your
session, be brought to a definitive conclusion, the
result will be promptly communicated to Congress.
I would, however, again call your attention to the
recommendations contained in previous messages,
designed to protect and facilitate emigration to that
Territory. The establishment of military posts' at
suitable points upon the extended line of land travel
would enable our citizens to migrate in comparative
safety to the fertile regions below the falls of the
Columbia, and make the provision of the existing
convention for the joint occupation of the Territory
by subjects of Great Britain and the citizens of the
United States more available than- heretofore to the
latter. These posts would continue places of rest for
the weary emigrant, where he would be sheltered
securely against the danger of attack from the In-
dians, and be enabled to recover from the exhaustion
of a long line of travel. Legislative enactments
-should also be made which should spread over him
the <egis of our laws, so as to afford protection to
his person and property when he shall have reached
his distant home. In this latter respect, the British
government has been much more careful of the inte-
rests of such of her people as are to be found in that
country than have the United States. She has made
necessary provision for their security and protection
against tne acts of the viciously disposed and law-
less; a'fid her emigrant reposes in safety under the
panoplj- ot her laws. Whatever may be the result
of the pending negotiation, such measures are ne-
cessary. It will afford ftie1 the greatest pleasure to
witness a hapoy and favorable termination to the
existing negotiation, upon terms compatible with
the. public honor; and the best efforts of the govern-
ment will continue to be directed to this end.
It would have given me the highest gratification,
in this, my last annual communication to Congress,
to have been able to announce to you the complete
and entire settlement and adjustment of other mat-
ters in difference between the United States and the
government of her Britannic Majesty, which where
adverted to in a previous message. It is so obviously
the interest of both countries, in respect to the large
and valuable commerce which exists between them,
that all causes of complaint, however inconsidera-
ble, should be, with the greatest promptitude, re-
moved, that it must be regarded as cause of regret
that any unnecessary delays should be permitted to
intervene. It is true that, in a pecuniary point of
view, the matters alluded to are altogether insig-
nificant in amount when compared with the ample
resources of that great nation; but they neverthe-
less ( more particularly that limited class which
arise under seizures and detentions of Americar
ships 011 the coast of Africa, upon the mistaken sup-
position indulged in at the time the wrong was com-
mitted, of their being engaged in the slave trade
deeply affect the sensibilities of this government and
people. Great Britain having recognised her rk
sponsibility to repair all such wrongs, by her action
in other cases, leaves nothing to be regretted upor,
this subject as to all cases prior to the treaty o.
Washington, than the delay in making suitable rep
aration in such of them as fall plainly within the
principle of others which she has long since adjust-
ed. The injury inflicted by delays in the settlemen
of these claim falls with severity upon theindividu
al claimants, and makes a strong appeal to her mag
nanimity and sense of justice for a speedy settle-
ment. Other matters, arising out of the construc
tion of existing treaties, also remain unadjusted, and
will continue to be urged upon her attention.
The labors of the joint committee appointed by
the two governments to run the dividing line, estab-
lished by the treaty of Washington, were, unfortu
nately, much delayed in the commencement of the
season, by the failure of Congress, at the last ses
sion, to make a timely appropriation of funds to
mc, t (lie expenses of the American party, and by
otln r causes. The United States commissioner
however, expresses his expectation that, by in
noised diligence and energy, the party will be able
to make up for lost time.
We continue to receive assurances of the mos
friendly feelings on the part of all the other Europe-
an powcis; with each and all of whom it is so ob
viously our interest to cultivate the most amicable
relations. Nor can I anticipate the occurrence o,
any event which would be likely, in any degree, to
disturb those lelations. Russia, the great northern
power, under the judicious sway of her Emperor,
i3 constantly advancing in the road of science and
improvement; while France, guided by the counsels
of her wise sovereign, pursues a course calcula
ted to consolidate the general peace. Spain has ob.
tained a breathing spell of some duration from the
internal convulsions which have, through so many
years, marred her prosperity; while Austria, the
Netherlands, Prussia, Belgium,cand the other po\y
