Dec, 1844.
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
£JL'
28th Cong 2d Sess.
Report of the Secretary of the Treasury.
Senate and H. of Reps.
plans for the improvement and management of the
revenue, and for the support of the public credit, to
prepare and report estimates of the public revenue
and the public expenditures."
By "An act supplementary to the act entitled 'An
act toestablish theTreasury Department,'" approved
March 10, 1800, it is " the duty of the Secretary of
the Treasury to digest, prepare, and lay before Con-
gress, at the commencement of every sessiM, a re-
port on the subject of finance, contaming estimates
of the public revenue and public expenditures, and
plans for improving or increasing the revenues,
from time to time, for the purpose of giving infor-
mation to Congress in adopting modes of raising
the money requisite to meet the public expendi-
tures."
By other acts, certain other duties arc required of
the Secre'ary of the Treasury.
In obedience to those several acts, the Secretary
of the Treasury submits most respectfully to the
Congress the following report and estimates:
The support of the public credit is of the first im-
portance to the national honor, national safety, na-
tional prosperity, and the welfare of the citizens indi-
vidually and collectively.
Public credit is a faculty to borrow at pleasure
large sums on moderate terms, the art of distrib-
uting over a succession of years the costs of the ex-
extraordinary efforts found indispensable in one; a
mean of accelerating the prompt employment of all
the abilities of a nation, and even of disposing of a
part of the overplus of others."
The means by which public credit is to be sup-
ported, are the exertion of the will and the power to
provide, by prudent forecast, the ways and means
amply sufficient for the punctual payment of all
debts according to the terms of the contracts; and
good faith in fulfilling all engagements expressly en-
tered into, or impliedly and morally obligatory.
A nation is composed of natural persons, united
together as a body politic, for the purpose of pro-
moting their mutual safety and advantage, by the
joint efforts of their combined strength. Such a
society is a moral person, susceptible of rights and
obligations. As individuals who fulfil their engage-
ments are respected, trusted, prosper, and are able
to obtain succor in emergencies; so St.itcs, by liko
means, are respected, trusted, prosper, and arc able
to obtain succor m exigencies.
Breaches of publiceiigagements which have arisen
out of special emergencies, which seemed to plead
for them as having been inevitable, have not been
without efi'ect, in a greater or less decree, to weaken
public credit. But violations of public engagements
proceeding from negligence, choice, want of knowl-
edge, or want of firmness of moral purpose to levy
taxes und provide the ways and means, are highly
injurious to public credit.
The mischiefs which ensue from non-fulfilment of
public engagements are numerous and complex,
baleful to the affairs of individuals, and hurtful
to the successful operations of the government.
Public and private ciedit are closely allied. Credit
may be considered as one whole—an entirety: each
part having a dependency upon, and sympathy
with, every other part. A shock to public credit
diminishes the resources of private credit; deranges
exchanges, sales and payments; causes disorders
and strictures in commerce, domestic and foreign.
If the creditors of government are disappointed
in receiving punctual payments, they fail in their
engagements to their creditors, and so on between
Other debtors and creditors, until the disappoint-
ments are felt throughout a long series of creditors
and debtors, the circulation is obstructed, business
languishes, losses are incurred, and bankruptcies en-
sue.
The inviolability of public faith, the support of
public credit, is recommenned by considerations of
public utility, public virtue, and public happiness;
it is commanded by the unchangeable precepts of
morality. The aflairs of a nation can not be happi-
ly administered without the strict observance ofjus-
tice and good faith.
In the affairs of nations, exigencies have arisen,
and may be expected to occur, to produce a neces-
sity for borrowing. The changes made in modern
times in the condition of nations, the great altera-
tions introduced into the art of war, have rendered
modern wars very expensive; insomuch that money,
to a considerable extent, may be accounted an in-
strument which conduces to victory. No nation
has been able to defray the expenses of a modern
war by the proceeds of taxes during the war. The
•yeifht  oreas?4 annual taxation to pay the
"whole increased annual expenses of the war would
be intolerably oppressive. Therefore a necessity
arises of borrowing large sums, of charging the pay-
ment upon after generations, by funding the debt,
imposing taxes to pay the annual interest, and pro-
viding a sinking fund to pay the principal gradual-
ly in times of peace.
To be able to borrow, and to borrow on good
terms, the national credit must be firmly established;
a system of revenue must be provided by taxation
adequate to the punctual payment of interest, and
pledged for that object. If the public faith and
credit of the nation be doubted, loans cannot be ob-
tained without extravagant rates of interest reserved
in one form or another; and the like disadvantage
will arise to the government upon purchases of
commodities upon promises of future payment.
The safeguards interposed by the texture of the
federal constitution have saved us from wars from
trivial causes, or schemes of personal ambition. But
the just and pacific policy manifested by the United
States in their intercourse with foreign nations has
not saved us from wass in time past from the calam-
ities of war; nor can we reasonably expect that the
blessings of peace which we now enjoy will be
ever during.
To be prepared for war is one of the safeguards
against foreign aggressions which lead to war. A
wiso people will, in time of peace, look to the pos-
sibility that in their intercourse with foreign nations
they may be involved in war, and will not wholly
neglect to provide for the exigencies of such an
event, by laying up supplies of military stores and
implements, disincumbering themselves from the
debts of former wurs, and instituting a just system
of permanent revenue, which might be readily aug-
mented when occasion requires, thereby placing the
public credit and national resources upon the most
solid foundation, and in the most commanding pos-
ture.
On the first day of July, 1844, the debts of the
United States consisted of the following particulars,
vidclic.it:
1. 01 the old fundrd debt, being unclaimed principal and in-
teioat returned horn the loan ottice, payable on presenta-
tion ..... '   
2 Outstanding ctjrtifioutci of the old unfunded
debt, u ith interest to the 31st DeCembei,
payable on mcsentation
Treasury notes during the \\ ar of 1812, tt i-
imnuted m tlu< year Itflft
•i. Certificates of Mississippi stock, issued un-
der the net* of3b.l March, 1811, and 23d
Jimimr) , 1S16 -
6. UehtM assumed by the United States for the
M'Ntsral nties in the Dn-tiiot t>t Columbia,
under the act of May -0, IH^o, uiigiiiall)
amounting to one million live hundred
thousand dollars, bearing interest at the.
rate ol 0 per cent, per year, pa) able m
) early sums of sivty thousand dollars in
each and every year, now reduced to
«. Outstanding treasury uotes,\i7,:
Of those issued alter WUi Ottober, 1S37,
und before 3d March, IrtKl - $').W,807 31
Of those issued the act of 3d
March, lb 13 - - - 1.30.*,,400 00
$178,031 81
'1,317 -14
i ,'260,COO 00
">,<572,076 !
Aggregately making the hitm of
7. Certificates of stock lor loans under the act
of^lstJuly, lrt-11, redeemable on the lit
humar\ , lrt which ueieto the Mini of
jive million vix hundred and seventy-two
thousand nine hunched ami seventy-six
dollars and eighty-eight cents, bearing m-
teie*t at the rate of five and a half per cent.
per annum, payable half yearly
8. Certificates of stock issued under the act
of 15th April, IK'1'2, to the sum of eight mil-
lion tluec hundred and forty-three thous-
and eight hundred and oighty-si\ dollars
and vignty-eight oent«, redeemable nt the
pleasme of the go\ ei urnent, on or after the
first day of lanu.irj .in the uar one thous-
and eight bundled and <ixt) -three, bearing
interest payable half j eaily. at the iate of
six percent, per) ecu - - - 8,343,886 88
9. Certificates ot stock issued under the act of
Match 3d, 1813, to the sum of seven mil-
lion four thoustoml two hundred and thir-
ty-one dollars and thirty-five cents, bearing
interest, payable half yearly, at the iate of
five percent, per year, redeemable at the
pleasure of the government, on or after the
Jirst day of July in the > car one thousand
eight hundred and fiftj -three - - 7,004,-231 36
The aforegoing loans under the acts of 1841,
1SV2, and 1343, make together the sum of
twenty-one million twenty-onw thousand
nine-four dollars and twenty-six cents of
principal, bearing interest at the rates on
the sums respectively, before stated - 21,0-21,004 -20
All the aforegoing nine particulars amount to a
debt of twenty-four million seven hundred and
forty-eight thousand one hundred and eighty-eight
dollars twenty-three cents ($34,748,188 23.)
Of the treasury note? issued since |he year 1837,
the Secretary of the Treasury has caused to be re-
deemed, in this fiscal year, commencing on the 1st
July, 1844, the sum, for principal and interest, of
three hundred and twenty-two thousand five hun-
dred and eighty-four dollars, sixty-one cents ($322,-
84 61.) _ ,
' Of the stocks redeemable 1st January, 1845, he
has caused to be purchased to the sum of fiv« hun-
dred and thirty-nine thousand nine hundred and
fifty dollars of principal and interest, ($539,950;) by
which anticipation a saving of interest to the sum
of four thousand and eleven dollars and seven cents
has been effected.
To support the public credit and preserve the
national faith, an annual revenue is necessary cer-
tainly productive, according to common occurren-
ces and human foresight, exceeding the ordinary
annual expenditures in time of peace; the surplus
to be applied to pay th<£ annual interest, and towards
lessening and ultimately extinguishing the principal
of the debt. .,
The amount of public debt which can be paid,
during any period of peace depends upon the length
of the continuance of the peace, and the amount of
the annual surplus above annual expenditures which,
shall be applied. . ■ - "
If the periods of war compared with those ot
peace, and annual excess of the war expenditures
compared with the annual savings during the peace
establishment, be so related as that more debt is
contracted in every war than is discharged in the
succeding peacc, the consequence will be a contin-
ual increase of debt, and the ultimate sequence
must be that debt will swell to a magnitude which,
the nation will be unable to bear.
The only effectual safeguards against such dan-
ger must be sought in extending the relative length
of the periods of peace, compared with the periods
of war; in frugality in the peace establishment; in
lessening the war expenditures, and in the increase
of revenue from taxes levied during the war, or per-
manently.
By increasing the war taxes, the sum to be bor-
rowed will be lessened; by increasing the taxes in
times of peace, the sum applicable tothe discharge
of the public debt will be increased. In the propor-
tion in which annual income exceeds annual ex-
penditures will be the gradual discharge of existing
public debts. By such means, the halcyon days of
no public debt and the alleviation of the burden of
taxation, may be restored.
The excess of revenue above expenditures is the
only ical sinking fund by which a public debt can
be discharged. The lessening of expense and the
increase of revenue are the only means by which
the sinking fund can be enlarged, and its effectual
operations be accelerated.
The certificates of the public stocks are now above
par value in the market, transferable and readily
convertible for gold and silver at the pleasure of the
holders. If guarded against depreciation, they may
be accounted as so much capital to aid business and
enterprise—as a currency of the most approved order
in the genus of paper currency, entitled to implicit
confidence.
It is of high concern to the interests of the hold-
ers and dealers in those certificates of public debt,
tothe general transactions of business, to the pros-
perity of the country, and to the national honor, that
the certificates of public stocks and treasury notes
be guarded against depreciation, and established
firmly in the confidence of moneyed men.
To those ends the Secretary of the Treasury
deems it not unapt, nor without utility, to give a
summary view of the public debts of the United
States, which sprung out of the war of the revolu-
tion, the succeeding extraordinary expenditures
caused by the Indian wars and campaigns of Gen-
erals Charles Scott, Harmar, St. Clair, and Wayne;
by the insurrection in the western part of Pennsyl-
vania; by the war with the Barbary powers; by the
troubles and quasi war consequent upon the French
revolution; by the war of 1812, terminated by the
treaty of Ghent in 1815; by the purchases of terri-
tory and public domain; from the State of Georgia
of her western lands; of Louisiana from France;
and of Florida from Spain; in connection with the
numbers of the population of the United States, and
the means by which those massps of debt and ex-
penditures have been gradually lessened and finally
extinguished.
2d. To bring into view the resources of- the Uni-
ted States for public revenue, and inci easing the in-
come of the nation whenever future emergence?
shall require,
