Dec. 1844
APPENDIX. TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
M
28th Cong 2d Sess
Report of the Secretary of the Treasury.
Senate and H. of Reps.
Treasury has ca*sed public notice to be given, so
as to stop the running of interest from and after
that day.
"An act for the extension of the loan of 1841,
and for an addition of five millions of dollars there-
to, and for allowing interest on treasury notes due,"
approved April 15, 1842, extended the time limited
by the act of July 21, 1841 for obtaining a loan of
twelve millions of dollars, authorized the certificates
of stock to be issued under this latter act to be made
payable at any time not exceeding twenty years
from the 1st of January, 1843, and authorized an
additional loan of five millions of dollars.
By the fifth section of this act of 1842, the money
arisingfrom duties on imports of goods, wares, and
merchandise are pledged and appropriated for pay-
ment of the interest from time to time, and for pay-
ment and redemption of the principal of the certif-
icates of stock to be issued under the act of 1842,
and under the act of 21st July, 1841, as amended;
and so much of the proceeds of duties on imports
"as may be necessary to pay the interest on said
stock, and redeem the same when due, is hereby
appropriated to that object, to be first applied by the
Secretary of the Treasury to such payments and re-
demption."
The seventh section of the act of 1842 enacts
that all the provisions of the said act of 21st July,
1841, "not hereby modified or changed, shall be,
and remain in force, and apply to this act of the
15th of April, 1842."
By authority of the act of 1842, certificates of
stock were issued to the sum of *$8,343,887 03
bearing interest at the rate of 6 per cent, per year,
payable half yearly, the principal payable on the
1st day of January, in the year 1863.
By "an act authorizing the issue of treasury notes
and for other purposes," approved March 3u4 18-13,
another issue of certificates of stock wits author-
ized under the same restrictions, limitations, and
provisions as are contained in the act of April 15th,
1842, except that the certificates of stock to be
issued shall be redeemable at a period not longer
than ten years from the issue thereof.
Under the provisions of this act, certificates of
s'ock to the airni of (.even million four thousand
two hundred and thirty-one dollars and thirty-live
cents were issued, hearing an interest, payable sem-
iannually, at the rate of 5 per centum per annum,
the principal redeemable on the 1st day of July, in
theyear one thousand eight hundred and filly-throe.
The acts of 1843, adopting the act of 1812, which
adopted the fourth section ol the act of 1841, taken
together, eontain express pledges of the faith of the
government, and of the proceeds of the duties on
goods and merchandise to pay the interest and re-
deem tho principal, and appropriate any surplus in
the treasury (after meeting the demands upon it)
to redeem the principal; the. fourth section of the
act 1841, adopted by the two latter acts, authorizes
the Secretary of the Treasui y to use any surplus of
funds after meeting ail demands upon the treasury,
to purchase any certificates of the stock before the
period limited for redemption.
In the national faith which lias been so honorably
observed in paying the principal and interest of the
former debts to the sum of four hundred and fifteen
millions of dollars and upwards; in the pledge and ap-
propriation of the proceeds of the duties on imports
of goods and merchandise; in the increasing ability
of a population now numbered at not less than nine-
teen million seven hundred thousand souls, to pay
taxes, the holders of the certificates of the public
debt of the United States, and all dealers in those
certificates, have cause forjmplicit faith and perfect
confidence that the interest will be paid punctually,
and that the principals will be redeemed and paid
according to the terms of the contracts.
No citizen of the United States of America, un-
derstanding the polity of the federal government,
and its past action in fulfilling its engagements, can
have a loop whereon to hang a doubt, of the fu-
ture fidelity of the national government in paying
the principal and interest, and redeeming the princi-
pal of the national debts as they respectively shall
become payable and dcinandable.
If aliens, not understanding the texture of the na-
tional government, do not distinguish accurately be-
tween engagements entered into by the government
of the United States, and those entered into by the
several States, in their capacities of distinct local
governments, each State having power to contract
for itself, but without capacity to bind other States,
' or the government of the United States, have dis-
trusted the credit of the national government, be-
cause of the failure of some of the States to comply
with their respective engagements, such distrust is
to be regretted. That any one of the States should
have been under a necessity, real or imaginary, to
incur a default in payment to those who had loaned,
her money, is to be deplored. But most of all it is
to be lamented that any State should have resorted
to repudiation of her debt. It may, however, be con-',
fidently expected that reason will resume the helm
of State; that the good sense of the people will in
time correct these evils. With their increasing
population and resources, when they shall have re-
covered from the debilities caused by extravagant
issues' of unsound bank paper; premature under-
takings of internal improvements and fanciful spec-
ulations; from the panic of depreciated bank notes;
fall in the prices oflands and products; when a pros-
perous commerca and a sound circulating medium
shall have restored reasonable prices for staple com-
modities,—the people of the States will manifest a
sincere determination to make reasonable reparation
to their creditors for delay caused by adverse neces-
sitous circumstances. The momentum of moral
force embodied in the States against non-fulfilment
of engagements anil repudiation of debts, the imtnu-
able principles of justice and moral obligation, will
ultimately prevail. The States will pay, must pay
their debts. State faith and State obligations will
be redeemed. The virtuous precepts and bright
example,of the federal government will not go un-
heeded. Justice will be done.
4. Tho Secretary of the Treasury recommends
the establishment of a sinking fund to anticipate the
payments of the certificates of stock issued under
the authority of the acts of 1842 and 1843.
The certificates of stock bear a premium in tho
market. Tho 5 per cent, stocks, redeemable in
1853, are at one hundred and six dollars for every
hundred dollars of stock; the G per cent, stocks, re-
deemable in 1863, are at one hundred and sixteen
dollars for every hundred dollars of stock. Those
premiums arc superinduced by the extraordinary
accumulations of large sums ol money in the prin-
cipal cities of the United States, (particularly at
New Yoik mid Boston,) sought to be employed at
low rates of interest, upon good securities; by the
large slims of deposits to the credit of the Xlnited
States in the banks of depositc, for which those
banks pay no interest; and by other adventitious
circumstances. IIow long such a state of things
shall continue depends upon seasons, crops, com-
mercial operations, and foreign afiiurs, beyond the
ken of human foresight. Of the dangers to be ap-
piehended from an overissue of bunk notes, and
bank n<Totnmod,itions, which might encourage ex-
cessive importations, fanciful speculations, and over-
trading, the Secretary of the Treasury has not been
unmindful, and watched with a view to counterac-
tion in ease the banks of desposit had yielded to
the temptation arising from the large sums depos-
ited to the credit of the United States.
The present time is propitious for laying the
foundation for mi anticipated redemption of the
public debt, and for alleviating the burden of taxa-
tion. The circulating medium is sound, and suffi-
cient for all useful purposes; business is re-
viving from Lhc depression of past events; the
habits of the great body of the people are
frugal; the rates of duties imposed by the act
of 1842, with the sales of the public lands, and
tonnage duties, may be fairly estimated as
yielding an annual revenue greatly beyond the
wants of the government, frugally and economically
administered, m time of peace. The taxes imposed
upon the people indirectly, but certainly, by duties
on imports of goods and merchandize, ought to be
revised, reformed, and lightened, as soon as justice
to the creditors of tho government, and sound policy
as regards the interest of those who are importers
and dealers in goods and merchandize imported un-
der the existing rates of duties, will permit.
Before the law for reducing the rates of duties to
the proper standard of necessary revenue should
take effect, reasonable notice and time should be giv-
en to those who have imported and dealt in goods
and merchandize under the high rates of duties to
dispose of their stock of merchandize before they
shall be in competition with those who shall import
like goods and merchandize under the lower rates of
duty. Merchants should have notice to accommodate
their outlays and adventures to the new scale of du-
ties. Commerce is beneficial and essential to the
prosperity of the country; it is the handmaid of ag-
riculture and manufactures. The interests of mer-
chants deserve to be respected by the government,
and should not be oppressed by sudden changes in
legislation any more than the interests of any other
class of men who are contributory to the public
* Prudence, justice, and duty require that the annu-
al charges upon the treasury for interest upon tho
public debt be lessened and finally extinguished
with all convenient and proper despatch, and that
the burdens of taxation be lessened.
The public debt to be provided for after the first
day of January, in the year 1845, will consist of
the debts assumed by the United States for
the several cities in the District of Columbia, the
two-loans redeemable in 1853 and 1863 respectively,
and such parts of the treasury notes, old debt, and
Mississippi stock, as shall not have been then pre-
sented for payment with the annnual interest ac-
cruing. '
The interest upon the two loans amounts to the
sum of eight hundred and fifty thousand eight hun-
dred and forty-four dollars and seventy-seven cents,
until the 1st day of July, 1853; and after that to the
annual sum of $500,633 21. The sum of interest
from and after the 1st July, 1845, to the 1st July,
1853 on those two loans will amount to the sum-of
S6 806,718 16; and "on the residue redefnable'in
1863, to the sum of $4,813,015 02—together $11,-
601,773 25. The principal and interest on the two
loans, if not redeemed before the times limited, will
charge the treasury with the sum of $26,967,891 48.
The existing rates of duties on imports and tonnage,
with the other sources of revenue, would, according
to the best estimates, after keeping down the inter-
est until the 1st July in the year 1853, and after
paying the ordinary annual expenditures for the
support of the government, and after discharging
the loan of seven millions of dollars redeemable 1st
July, 1853. leave an accumulated surplus of not less
than fifty millions of dollars; and of revenue if con-
tinued until the year 1863, would, after defraying
the ordinary expenditures for the support of the
government, and discharging the principaland in-
terest upon the debt then redeemable, leave an ac-
cumulated surplus in the treasury of not less than
one hundred and twelve millions of dollars.
The system of accumulating national treasure to
be hoarded and locked up for future wars, or un-
known wants, has been exploded. Such a .system
was suffered only in times and countries where the
government was considered as a person having an
interest distinct from the welfare of the people;
where men were considered as the property of the
government, the vassals of the few who ruled. But
where government is the property of the people, to
be administered for their welfare, the accumulation
of annual sums far beyond any known wants, to be
hoarded for unknown future contingencies, will not
bo endured
All taxes, whether direct or indirect, subtract so
much from the funds by which the p«ople taxed
supply their wants and their comforts, tend neces-
sarily to lessen their enjoyments and means of im-
proving their condition. The amount of revenue
required, even in time of peace, for the administra-
tion of justice and police, for the support of the
army and the navy, and various other objects consti-
tuting the civil list, and the support of the govern-
ment, is necessarily^large. The sum raised from
each individual is so much taken by government
from his earnings. The farmer pays in taxes a
part of the produce of his farm—that is its value in
money—for his proportion of contribution to the
public revenue, and has so much less for other pur-
poses. He is so much poorer; and so of all others
who are taxed for'the public revenue.
The money raised by taxes never returns to those
who pay in the proportions in whieh they respect-
ively contributed; hence the interest of the tax
payers, and the interest of the tax enjoyers
become antagonists. The higher the rate of
taxation, the poorer the tax payers, and the richer
those who receive and enjoy the proceeds for em-
ployments, services, jobs and profitable contracts.
The sums annually taken from the people by
taxes for the support of government, lessen the sur-
plus of each individual above his own wants, which
surplus he would apply in the pursuits of his own
piivate industry. If money then be taken annually
by taxation, beyond the known wants of the gov-
ernment, and merely to be hoarded for unknown
contingencies, the general increase of wealth by the
produce of agriculture, mechanical labor, and com-
merce will be proportionably retarded. Such tax-
ation,for the purpose of hoarding, is a waste of cap-
ital, a wast® of the means of improvement. A gov*
