26
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
Dec. 1844.
28th Cong 2d Sess.
Report of the Secretary of the Treasury.
Senate and H. of Reps.
tember, 1843, to 30th September, 1844, the net rev- "
enue received into the treasury was equivalent to
an ad valorem duty on goods imported, paying
duty, of thirty-one dollars twenty-six cents and
eight mills upon the hundred dollars.
from the various rates of duties upon the differ-
entdescriptionsof articles, whereof some are specific,
others ad valorem,ranging from twenty to one hundred
and to two hundred per cent, ad valorem, it follows
that the averaged duty per centum ad valorem in
each year depends upon the respective descriptions
of articles paying higher or lower duties during the
year, and the proportions of each, and so the duty
ad valorem must vary in the different years. No
fixed rate of duty can be applied in future to the
articles to be imported subject to the various rates
of duty.
In computing the value of goods paying duty and
goods exempted from duty, the aggregate value of
both conjoined may be estimated for a given popu-
lation under the act of 1842; but the proportions of
each cannot be so satisfactorily estimated. The
past events show that high rates of duty on some
articles, whilst others are admitted free of duty, in-
creases the propprtion of free articles and decreases
the proportion of articles paying duty, to which
effect the increased - supply of domestic manufac-
tures has been an auxiliary.
In estimating the revenue to be expected from the
customs for the three quarters of the current fiscal
year and the four quarters of the fiscal year ending
30th June, 1846, the probable consumption of for-
eign articles required by the existing population of
the United States, compared with the consumption
and population at former periods and under former
laws, the actual operation of the act of 1842 and
the supplies of domestic manufactures have all been
taken into view, together with the sum of the value
of exports of articles of domestic products. The re-
sults of the estimates are submitted to the Congress
of the United States with great respect, and with
due confidence in their combined information and
deliberation.
An indubitable conclusion as to the sum of reve-
nue hereafter to be received up to 30th June, 1846,
cannot be asseverated. Presumption must be in-
dulged. From the past course aiid process used, a
violent presumption arises as to the future. Time
and experience alone can substitute fact in place of
that which is now but argument.
It is not probable that, for the seven ensuing quar-
ters, the averaged sum of revenue per quarter will
fall below the average of the last four quarters. The
value of importations is not inordinate for the in-
creased and increasing population, when compared
with other years of prosperity and the then exist-
ing population. The country is recovering from
the diseased state of the circulating medium^ and the
depression of commerce and industry caused there-
by; the exports of domestic products and manufac-
tures daring the fiscal year ending 30th June, 1844,
to the value of one hundred millions one hundred
and eighty-three thousand dollars, (as appeared by
the returns from the custom-houses, in which (he
value of ships and vessels built in the United States
for foreign States and individuals are not included,)
indicate a healthful, prosperous condition, promising
to the people an ability to supply themselves with
the comforts and luxuries of other climates and
countries, and affording a well-grounded expectation
that there will not be any extraordinary exporta-
tion® of gold and silver.
The value of goods and merchandise imported
free of duty bears a great proportion to the value
of those imported paying duty. By such exemp-
tions from duty, the inequality of the burden of
taxation between the respective classes of consumers
is increased. By enlarging the circle of articles
charged with duty, and diminishing the circle of
articles exempted from duty, the proportions of
contribution to the public treasury can be made to
bear more fairly and equitably upon those who pay
these indirect taxes. By lowering the rates of du-
ties, and abridging the list of articles admitted free
of duty, the comforts and consumption of the peo-
ple will be enlarged; the temptations to smuggling
will be decreased; and the necessary sum of rev-
enue will be more certainly raised. Therefore, the
Secretary of the Treasury most respectfully recom-
mends to the consideration of Congress the pro-
priety of lessening the rates of duties; and that all
articles imported be subjected to duty, excepting
such as shall be imported for the use of the United
States, for literary institutions, wearing apparel,
tools and implements pf a piechapical trade, profes-
sional instruments and books; such wearing apparel,
tools and implements of mechanical trade, instru-
ments and books of a professional calling,' being
brought along with such person arriving in the
United States, and bringing such not for sale or
merchandise, but for the especial use of himself,
herself, or his or her family.
It is respectfully recommended, that the mode of
ascertaining the tonnage of any ship or vessel, as di-
rected by an "an act to regulate the collection of du-
ties on imports and tonnage," approved 2d March,
1799, (Laws U. S., vol. 3,.chap. 128, sec. 64, p.
196,) be so far altered and amended as to require
that the actual-depth of the ship or vessel be meas-
ured, that the breadth thereof be measured at every
perpendicular foot at the broadest part above the
main wails; that average of the breadth be made; and
then that the length and breadth, as averaged, and
depth as measured, be multiplied, with the deduction
as directed by that act. This change has become
important; because, in modern times, models of ships
and vessels have been so altered, as that the mensu-
ration directed by that act does not approximate to
the true tonnage, but makes it appear far less than
the truth. By such short mensuration, our ships'
papers are brought into suspicion and. discredit in
foreign ports; the duties in oui: ports are lessened,
and our tonnage and navigation appear untruly to
have declined greatly.
The seventh section of the act of 17th June, 1844,
"making appropriations for the civil and diplomatic
expenses of government for the fiscal year ending
30th June, 1845, and for other purposes," enacts,
that the number of inspectors, gaugers, measurers,
or markers, in any custom-house, shall not be
increased beyond the number then in service.
That restriction, evidently intended for economy, has
turned out to be the reverse. The allowance to in-
spectors of three dollars per day whilst actually em-
ployed in aid of the customs, sinks into littleness,
when compared with the sum of duties evaded by
smuggling, and with the delays in discharging car-
goes. The pressing demands for additional in-
spectors to guard certain points used by smugglers,
and for assisting in taking charge of vessels m the
busy season, urged by collectors at some of the
ports, could not be granted, because of that prohibi-
tion. The repeal of that section, so far as it relates
to the inspectors of the customs, is most respectful-
ly recommended.
The accompanying statement A shows the debt
of the United States as it existed on the 1st July, in
the year 1844.
The statement B shows the debt as it existed on
the 1st December, 1844.
The statement C shows the receipts and expendi-
tures during the fiscal year commencing 1st July,
1843, and ending on the 30th June, 1844, leaving a
balance in the treasury on the 1st July, 1844, of
$7,857,379 64.
The statement D shows the receipts and expendi-
tures during the 1st quarter of the fiscal year com-
mencing 1st July, 1844, and ending 30th September,
1844: the receipts from customs during that quar-
ter, $10,873,718 04; from the sale of public lands,
$434",902 06; from miscellaneous and incidental
sources, $27,839 16; total of receipts during that
quarter,' §11,336,459 24: the expenditures during
that quarter, §7,333,844 42.
Statement E shows the articles imported during
the nine months ending on the 30th June, 1843, the
duties on which exceeded thirty-five per cent, on
the wholesale market value of such articles.
Statement F shows the value of the imports and
exports during the year ending on the 30th June,
1844: imports free of duty $24,766,082; those
charged with duty $83,668,620; total $108,434,702:
exports of domestic products $100,183,497; of for-
eign merchandise $10,944,781; total of exports
|111,128,278: gross revenue from customs $29,137,-
060 60; net revenue from customs paid into the
treasury $26,183,570 94: difference $2,953,489 69.
Statement G shows the purchases of certificates
of stocks to the sum of $529,970, in anticipation of
the redemption thereof on the 1st January, 1845,
by which a saving of $4,011 07 was effected by such
anticipated redemption.
Statement H shows the new depositories of the
treasury, which have been selected by my prede-
cessor and myself since his report of 6th December,
1843.
None of the former depositories have been
changed. New ones havelieen added to the former,
whose services have been retained. In making
t&e additions, these motives operated; to accomrao-
and agents employed in paying
money according- to 'appro-
date officers
out the public
priations as well as those entitled to • receive-
to prevent overgrown accumulations in banks
begetting temptations to inordinate discounts
ana issues of bank notes and bank credits, producing
speculations, overtrading, &c.; to diffuse the bene-,
fits of the public deposites, and thereby obtain great-
er security for the public money until'disbured ac-
cording to the appropriations. -
Messrs. Corcoran & Riggs, bankers, doing busi-
ness in Washington, District of Columbia, and also
in New York, were selected as'depositories, they
giving security by pledge' of stocks to the full
amount of the moneys deposited; and they were in-
structed to purchase for the government certificates
of stock in anticipation of the redemption on the
1st January, 1845, provided a saying to the govern-
ment of a part of the interest, which would be due
on the 1st January, 1845, could be effected; which -
proportion of interest was fixed in the instructions.
Mr. Dodge, of Georgetown, District of Columbia,
was also made a depository by giving security by
pledge of certificates of stock to the full amount of
the same deposite.
. No depository has paid , nor been required to pay,
anything for those deposites. They are bound to
pay when and where required, aiid to transfer-the
funds to any part of the United States, free of charge
to the government.
The purchase of the banking-house formerly own-
ed by the president, directors, and company of the
Bank of the United States, has been completed, and
the custom house at Philadelphia is now located in .
that building. The agents of the bank agreed to take,
in part payment of that purchase, the old custom-
house and grounds thereto appurtenant. The agents
and trustees of the bank are willing to take the sum
which was allowed for the old custom-house and
grounds, viz: fifty thousand dollars, instead thereof.
It has been suggested that it would be advantageous
to the interests of the government to retain the old
custom-house, and pay the sum of fifty thousand
dollars: that it is needful for a store-house for the
customs, and also for other public purposes. - But ,
this is submitted most respectfully to the judgment
of the Congress, with this remark: that if it be de-
sired to 'retain that property, the decision of the
Congress should be made at the earliest eonvenient
day.
My predecessor in office, the Hon. J. C. Spencer,
engaged Mr Gordon to collate and print in one
volume all the laws relating to the Treasury De-
partment, and the matters under the superintendence
of this department, with a special agreement that
Mr. Gordon should take the risk of an appropria-
tion by Congress too pay the price of five hundred
copies or thereabout. Mr. Gordon has printed
the book, and delivered a few copies as specimens
of the execution, and is desirous to deliver'the num-
ber; but the undersigned did not think fit, as no ap-
propriation had been made, to take the copies pro-
posed. The work is useful, and especially for the
officers of the customs. It is submitted most re-
spectfully to the consideration of the Congress
whether or not they will make an appropriation for
that object.
The report of Prof. A. D. Bache, superintendent
of the surveys of the coast, contains a collection of
facts and information for the benefit of navigation
worthy to be communicated to the world. The ap-
propriations for continuing the surveys of the coasts
are respectfully recommended.
In concluding this report, the Secretary of the
Treasury will remark, that the proposed review and
modifications of the act imposing duties on imports
are presented to the consideration of the Congress,
not with a view to action during the present ses-
sion, but to awaken attention and inquiry, and to
lead the way towards eliciting all the information
necessary for such matured legislation as the im-
portant principles and interests involved seem to re-
quire. Sudden changes are no more desirable in
the political than in the natural atmosphere. But
circumstances render changes in public policy and
legislation as wholesome in the political world as
the changes of the seasons are in the natural world.
All which matters are submitted with due defer-
ence and the most profound respect to the Congress
of the United States.
GEO. M. BIBB,
Secretary of 'the Treasury,
Teeascrx Department, Dec, 16, 1844* „ .
