28
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
Dec. 184ft
28th Cong 2d Sess.
Correspondence vjith Mexico.
Senate and H. of Reps,
objects of continual abuse by all parties here, and
our forbearance is attributed to our party divisions
rather than a sincere desire on our part to cultivate and
preserve friendly relations with Mexico. The two
notes ofMr. Rejon of the 31st ultimo and 6th in-
staftt were' each sent to the press for publication im-
■ mediately, they had been received by this legation.
They were written for the purpose, and with the view
of arousing the jealousies andexciting the prejudices
of this peopie against the government and southern
people of the United States, and thereby to made
political capital for the party in power. To accom-
plish this object, you will see that Mr. Rejon has
not hesitated deliberately and purposely to misrep-
resent, in the most gross and palpable manner, both
of my notes, and to charge the government and
southern people of the United States, in language
of the most exceptionable character, with acts and
motives highly dishonorable. Under these circum-
stances I thought I would not'be doing my duty to
the government and the people of the United States
by permitting the two notes of Mr. Rejon to go to
the Mexican pfeople, calculated as they were to ex-
cite against us feelings of the most unfriendly char-
acter, without a reply, placing the Mexican Secre-
tary and his two notes in what I conceive to be their
true character. (See No. 4, accompanying this des-
patch.)
The revolution, of which I spoke in my last as
being probable, has actually commenced. General
Parede's, who is said to be at the head of about two
thousand trbops at Guadalajara, in the department
of Jalisco, has pronounced against the government.
The Secretary of War a few days since made a for-
mal communication of this fact to the Congress now
in session, asking at the same time for the necessary
means to enable the government to put down this
revolution. This request will not be granted, as a
majority of Congress are anxious for the success of
the revolution and the overthrow of General Santa
Anna. General Paredes is not alone in this move-
ment. It is said that four of the neighboring de-
partments are co-operating with him, and wilt pro-
nounce against the government in due time. The
seeds of disaffection are widespread and broadcast
over the whole country; and nothing can save Santa
Anna but the scattered condition of his opponents,
and a bold-and rapid movement on his part, before
they have time to concentrate their forces. He sees
this, and has set his forces in motion. Seven thou-
sand infantry, with fifteen hundred cavalry and
twenty pieces of cannon, are now on-the road from
Jalapa to this place, and are expected to reach here
in a few days. President Santa Anna is at their
head, and commands in person. It is said that Gen-
eral Paredes will be able to concentrate an equal
force before Santa Anna can reach him. In the
south there is a general rising of the people in oppo-
sition to the payment of the contributions levied to
raise the four millions voted by Congress some time
since to carry on the war against Texas. The offi-
cers of the government charged with the duty of col-
lecting these contributions have in many instances
been arrested, their rights hands cut off, and in oth-
er respects cruelly treated. Large military forces
have been sent by the government to restore order
and enforce the collections of the contributions.
The malcontents in the south will co-operate with
General Paredes and others against the government.
Such is the present condition of this country, and
the prospects for the future are still more gloomy.
This revolution is a natural consequence resulting
from the measures adopted to renew the war against
Texas. A large army, distributed at various
points over the country, under different leaders, all
ambitious to promote their own interest and selfish
puroposes, would at any time be dangereus to the
ruling powers m this country; but at a time like
this, when the country has been drained of nearly
all of its resources, and the taxes and contributions
levied on the people greatly increased, a revolution
is the necessary consequence. Had the war against
Texas been abandoned, the army reduced to about
five thousand, the taxes diminished, a rigid account-
ability of public officers enforced, and a liberal for-
eign policy adopted, all of which might have been
done, the present government would not now be
threatened with being overthrown.
.When I say that this revolution is the necessary
consequence of the measures adopted to renew the
war against Texas, I do not wish to be understood
as saying that the people of Mexico are opposed to
that war. On the contrary, they are unanimously
infavorof it. For the reasons which have induced
the rsYolutignists.to.promttnee against the govern-
ment, I refer you to the manifesto of General Pere-
des, which I herewith send you.
Permit me to call your special attention to the
claims of the citizens of the United States on this
government. It will be recollected that a conven-
tion was concluded and signed on the 20th of No-
vember, 1843, by the accredited agents of the two
governments, which provided for the adjustment of
the claims of our citizens on Mexico, and was sub-
mitted By the President to the Senate at an an early
period of.the last session, by which it was approved,
except as to the articles relating to the adjustment
of the claims of the two governments on each other,
and the designation of the city ofMexico, instead of
Washington, as the place where the board should
hold its sessions. It therefore became necessary -to
refer this convention, with these amendment's, back
to the government of Mexico for its approval. This
was done only last spring; and Mr. Green, the charge
d'affaires ad interim, pressed the subject on this
government, and repeatedly urged its speedy action
in the premises. Yet no action was had, and -no
steps ha ve been taken up to this day by this gov-
ernment in lelation to this convention, and the two
amendments proposed by the Senate. Mr. Green
received no other satisfaction than delusive and de-
ceptive promises and evasive answers. Shortly af-
ter my arrival in this city, finding that the time fix-
ed for the exchange of ratifications had expired, I
addressed a note, in obedience to my instructions,
to the Mexican Minister of Foreign Relations, re-
questing the appointment of plenipotentiaries to treat
with me on this subject.
Feeling anxious to conclude a convention in time
to have it submitted to the Senate at its. next ses-
sion, I sought and obtained a personal interview
with President Santa Anna, in which 1 urged on him
also the early appointment of a minister to treat on
this business. From both I received the strongest
assurances that the subject should receive the imme-
diate consideration of the Mexican government. I
was induced to believe such would be the case, and
that the business would be concluded in time for the
action of the Senate at its next session. Having re-
ceived no answer on the 1st instant, I addressed a
second note to the Mexican Minister of Foreign
Relations, calling his attention again to the subject,
and requested an early reply. (See No. 5.) To
this note I have received no answer. From these
facts, and other circumstances which might be
stated, I am compelled to believe that it is the set-
tled purpose of this government to decline all action
upon this subject, so long as they can do so without
incurring the risk of a war with the United States.
The very fact of baffling all efforts on our part to
procure an adjustment of those claims will be made
the grounds by the party in power for further de-
mands on the confidence and support of the Mexi-
can people. It would seem to me that when Mexi-
co'hae refused even to talk upon this subject, it is
time for Congress to begin to act, and vindicate the
honor of the country as well as the just rights of
our plundered citizens. Until Congress takes hold
of this subject, and gives this government distinctly
to understand that the claims of our citizens must be
adjusted in a fair and just manner, I do not believe
anything can or will be done. The whole tendency
of things in this country is downward, and there is
great danger, if these claims are postponed a few
years longer, that they will be entirely lost to our
citizens.
Our agent is appointed to receive the instalment
due our citizens under the convention of the 30th
January, 1843, was directed to call at the proper de-
partment on the 30th ultimo and demand payment of
the instalment that fell due on that day. He did
so, and payment was refused on the alleged ground
that there was no money in the treasury applicable
to such a purpose. He has called on two occasions
since, but has not received any satisfactory answer
as to the time when payment may be expected.
Taking into consideration the revolution that has
just commenced; the evident indisposition on the
part of the Mexican government to do justice to our
citizens or government; the exhausted state of the
national treasury and the ruined condition of the
country, I do not feel myself justified in giving you
any encouragement as to the payment of the last or
future instalments under the'eonventiun of the 30th
of January, 1843.
My note, a copy of which I sent you with my
last despatch, protesting against the decree for the
expulsion of citizens of the United.States from the
four northern departments, remains unanswered,
and I do not beliw any answer is intended.
No. 6 is a note which I addressed to the Minister
of Foreign Relations, requesting that our whaling
ships may be permitted as heretofore to sell goods
in the .ports of California to the amount of f 50©-. The
document marked A is a copy of a letter from'our
Consul in Monterey, upon which this request was
made. •
Ne. 7 is a note to the Mexican government in re-
lation to the conduct of the governor of Acapulco to-
wards one of our whaling ships, th,e Braganza.
From the note itself you will learn the particulars, of
the case.
No. 8 is another note to the Mexican minister in
relation to the crew of the William A. Turner; and:
No. 9 is the reply to that note, this moment re-
ceived.
The document marked B is the reply of our con-
sul in Tabasco to the inquiries made by Mr. Green,
in relation to this affair of Sentmanat, and as to the
truth of the rumors here in relation to Patterson's
connection with the expedition.
I have the honor to be, very respectfully, your
obedient servant,
WILSON SHANNON.
The Hon. John C. Calhoun,
Secretary of State of the United States.
[Translation.]
M. 1.—Mr. Rejon to Mr. Shannon.
National Palice,
Mexico, October 31, 1844.
The undersigned, Minister of Foreign Relations
and Government, had the honor to receive the note
addressed to him, under date of the 14th instant, by
the Hon. Wilson Shannon, Envoy Extraordinary
and Minister Plenipotentiary of the United States,
protesting solemnly, by order of his government, as
well against the invasion of the territory of Texas,
which the government of the Mexican republic has
determined to effect, as against the manner in which
it is proposed to conduct that invasion.
As the object of the said note, which has revealed
fully the duplicity with which Mexico ha3 so long
been treated, may be to cause the suspension of the
hostilities projected against the colonists^ of that
province, who have risen in rebellion against her,
whilst the work of annexing it to the United States
is going on, the undersigned, in repelling this pro-
test, finds himself under the necessity of examining
how far it is founded on justice; and, with that
view, he must be permitted to lay down certain
facts, which should be kept always present to the
mind, in order to be able to decide with accuracy as
to the right which the American government has to
interfere in this affair.
The undersigned agrees that the first colonists of
Texas established themselves in that territory, as
well under grants from the Spanish government,
confirmed after thecompletion of theindependence of
Mexico by the authorities of this republic, as sub-
sequently by others of a similar nature, made by
the State of Coahuila and Texas, which was fully
authorized to make them: but he must, at the same
time, strongly direct the attention of the honorable
Mr. Shannon to the very essential circumstances
that, in the proclamation and act of independence of
Texas, those who figured as the principal persons
were almost all natives of the United States; that
such was the general, as well as the others compo-
sing the army which fought under the standard of
Texas in the action of San Jacinto; and that in
many parts of the United States, meetings were at
that tune publicly held, for the purpose of afford-
ing, as were in fact afforded, supplies of men, arms,
and other materials and munitions of war, and pro-
visions, to the so-called Texians, in order that they
might sustain their cause; that if, at that time, it
might have been believed that they united them-
selves to effect their independence of Mexico, it has
since been clearly shown that they were endeavor-
ing to separate that rich and extensive territory
from its lawful sovereign, in order to annex it to the
United States—a measure of policy which, as the
honorable Mr. Shannon expressly says in his note,
has been long cherished and has been deemed in-
dispensable for the safety and welfare of the United
States, and has accordingly been steadily pursued
by all parties in that republic, and by all its admin-
istrations, for the last twenty years. Well! does
not this open confession, united to the public and
notorious facts which the undersigned has rapidly
noticed, prove that the proclamation of the mde-
. pendence of Texas, and the. demand for its annexa-
tion to the United States, arc the wis of the %ot 
