Bee. 1844.
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
28th Cong 2d Sess.
Correspvndence with Mesoico.
Senate and H. of Reps.
ernment and citizens of those States interested in
effecting this acquisition, which they have for the
Jast twenty years considered indispensable for the
safety and welfare of that republic? And, this be-
ing the case, can the right be admitted as just, which
they claim, to interfere in this question, by prevent-
ing the Mexican government from reconquering an
interesting portion of its territory, whilst the ques-
tion of its annexation to that republic is pending?
In order to justify an interventionof this nature,
it was necessary to recognise solemnly, as existing
in each of the nations of the earth, the right to raise
itself by means of the territories of its neighbors, by
first peopling them with its own citizens, then caus-
ing them to withdraw themselves from obedience to
the territorial authorities and to proclaim their inde-
pendence, aiding them at the same time in an effect-
ive manner to sustain it, and finally to ask that the
territory thus occupied be incorporated with that of
the country to which those citizens belong. This is
the position in which the United States stand with
regard to the Texas question; and the North Amer-
ican government may thus far deceivc itself by its
fictions; but it will not be able to deceive the world,
which, knowing the circumstances here menlioned
by the undersigned, and taking into consideration
the note of Mr. Shannon, most important as it is, to
bring into relief the justice ofthe cause ofMexico in
this affair, will see that the proclamation of the inde-
pendence of Texas, made and sustained almost en-
tirely by citizens of the United States, who were
not repressed by their government, but on the con-
trary assisted by it and by the southern States of
that republic, was intended for no other object than
to aggrandize the United States by 1 lie annexation
of that territoiy, thus endeavoring to give an honest
appearance to the spoliation which is attempted
against this nation, by supposed right, to be found-
ed on circumstances intentionally brought about by
the southern people, and the government of the
United States themselves.
Who, indeed, does not see that this independence
of Texas has been effected, and is now sustained
• with so much warmth and energy in the Hon. Mr.
Shannon's note, only because it was agreed that the
Texians should be made all independent and sov-
ereign nation, in order to give them the right to con-
clude treaties, and thereby to annex themselves to
the republic of wh'ieh the so-culled President of that
Mexican province, as well as all the authorities
governing it, are natives? The artifice, as well as
the arguments founded on it, may surprise those
who are unacquainted with the facts, and have not
seen the note to which the undersigned has now the
honor to reply; but those who know all the circum-
stances here mentioned cannot but agree that by
these means only has an appearance of justice been
given to that by which the law of nations and the re-
lations of good feeling between neighboring powers
are so deeply wounded. Did not president Jack-
son, one of the most extreme partisans of the an-
nexation, and against whom has been brought the
heavy charge of having sent General Houston to
Texas m order to carry his design into execution,
confess, in deference to truth and justice, in a mes-
sage which he addressed to the House of Represent-
atives in December, 183G, and that when the ques-
tion was only as to recognising the independence,
that such an ac' would be regarded as one of serious
injustice to Mexico, and that by it the United States
would render themselves subject to the most severs
censure, as the Texians had all emigrated from that
country, and were endeavoring to obtain their recog-
nition with the manifest intention of effecting their
incorporation into the United States? This confes-
sion being no less than that of the government of
that republic, whilst it corroborates what has been
already said, to wit, that the independence of Texas
was effected by emigrants from the United States
with the object of annexing Texas to their country,
affords clear proof of the assertion of the under-
signed that an attempt has been made to give to the
occupation of Texas by the United States a course
whicn should divest it in some manner of the odium
of a barefaced usurpation, making it appear as if it
had been obtained by the express consent of a peo-
ple who had succeeded in emancipating themselves
from their mother country, conquering their inde-
pendence by their own sword and valor.
Thus, as the Texians who proclaimed the inde-
pendence of Texas were emigrants from the United
States; as it could not be doubted that they were
openly protected in the United States, in order to
support their rebellion against the authorities of a
country which received them with so much gen-
erosity; as it was public and notorious that the gov-
ernment of the United States, which affected so
much respect for the opinion of the world, fearing
lest its acknowledgment ef the independence of
Texas might be regarded as an act' of' serious injus-
tice to Mexico, was the first to hasten to make such
acknowledgment while aware that the independence
had been proclaimed with the object of annexing
that Mexican province to that northern republic; it
being afterwards seen that this same government
of the United State,_and a large portion of its people,
were openly, and without any attempt at conceal-
ment, laboring with enthusiasm for the annexation
of Texas to their territory, so far as to have solicited
a renewal of the proposition for incorporation when
there was no necessity for such a demand, because,
the Texians and the people of the United States
being one and the same, they all had and still have
the same interests and. tendencies; and, finally, as
the history of this question between the two coun-
tries presents everything that could be desired to
prove that the independence of Texas is the work
of the government and the southern people of the
United States, and that they effected it only for the
purpose of obtaining possession of those rich and
extensive territories, how can this independence be
represented as a matter in which they had no part?
And how can the foreigners who proclaimed it be
considered as having the same title which the Mexi-
cans (the owners by every right of the soil in
which they were born) had to their independence'
But it will be said that these foreigners, having been
invited to establish themselves in that province, set-
tled there under the federal system which then gov-
erned the Mexican republic; and that this system
having been dissolved by armed forces, they had the
right to separate themselves from Mexico, espe-
cially as the constitution of 1824 had given them the
right to be an independent State whenever they
should possess the requisite qualifications.
Tn answer to this, it should be borne in mind that
the citizens of the. United States who proclaimed the
independence of Texas, with the exception perhaps
of the first colonists, went there not to remain in
submission to the Mexican republic, but with the
object of annexing Texas to their own country,
thereby strengthening the peculiar institutions ofthe
southern States, and opening a new theatre for the
execrable system of negro slavery; that they never
subjected themselves to the laws of Mexico, but
lived as they pleased; and that, when they consid-
ered that they could erect themselves into a State of
the confederacy, to regulate their affairs in their own
way, they formed their constitution, which the gen-
eral administration of the republic did not approve,
because that act wanted the requisites fixed by the
fundamental law. This, together with the decree
for the suppression of slavery, and the means adopted
to subject them to compliance with the laws which
they contemned, irritated them and disposed them
to raise the standard of rebellion against the nation-
tional authorities. They did in effect rise in re-
bellion; and then, finding a pretext in the variation
ofthe federal constitution, the dispositions of which
they had never observed, except so far as suited
their convenience, they relied upon it to advance
their movement, malaciously denying the right of
the nation to vary its institutions whensoever it
might be proper for its interests—then proclaiming
their independence, and afterwards their annexation
to the United States, which had been the real object
of their coming to Texas, and the end to which all
parties and all administrations in that republic have
directed their efforts for the last twenty years,
as the Hon. Mr. Shannon declares in his note.
And docs not all this manifestly prove that a system
of falsehood has been constantly pursued to-
wards Mexico? Does it not destroy even those
semblances of right by which it is attempted to
jnstify the rebellion of the colonists of Texas5
Moreover, was the independence promised to that
province in the federal constitution such that it
might separate itself from the republic whenever it
should possess the qualifications required, and an-
next itself to a foreign nation; Examine that consti-
tution with care, and it will be seen to promise no
more than that the State should be independent in
its internal administration; but not that it should be
emancipated from the national sovereignty, which
all the States were under obligation to acknowledge
and respect. Besides, what has one nation to do
with the institutions of another in its vicinity? Or
by what right can it take to itself the territories of
another, in which its citizens have established them-
selves, because the constitutional forms of the-people
who received them have been varied?. •
Will it also be jsaid that they have effected- their
independence, and that, possessing means sufficient
to maintain it, they should be recognised as an in-
dependent nation, having the right to conclude trea-
ties, and thereby to annex themselves to another
power, which may be jmore agreeable to them and
will admitthem into its Union? . But here the un-
dersigned will repeat what he has already said re-
specting the artifices by which the government and
the southern people of the , United States have
brought on the actual situation ofMexico, in order
to form an argument apparently solid-on "which
they might support the acquisition of that territory,
which has been for the last twenty years "deemed
indispensable by all parties and successive administra-
tion of that, republic." But those called Texians
are not the persons who have effected the indepen-
dence of that province, or who have the means to
carry it through; the people of the southern States
of the Union hav^ done • every thing, not- to make
Texas an independent nation, but to annex it to
their own territory with some show of justice. The
note to which the undersigned is replying is a proof
of the insufficiency of those so-called Texians; be-
cause, had their resources lieen adequate to sustain
them against the power of the Mexican- republic,
there would have been no necessity for the Hon.
Mr. Shannon's government to place itself thus
openly on their side, and to tear away at once the
veil with which it has long sought toover its in-
trigues and designs.
But, proceeding now to the belief—that which is
said to be generally entertained in the United States—
that Texas was comprised in the cession of Louisi-
ana, made by Prance to that republic in 1803, the
undersigned will ask, can it be sufficient to invali-
date subsequent treaties, concluded with the proper
solemnities? By the treaty concluded at Washing-
ton on the 22(1 of February, 1819, between the
plenipotentiaries of the United States and of Spain,
the Americans acknowledged the province in.ques-
tion to form part of the Spanish possessions; and if
it be now said that this renunciation was improper-
ly made, and it be pretended to found'upon that be-
lief a right superior to that given by the said treaty,
what guaranty can there be to public conventions
in future, when against all may be alleged some
pre-existing right, improperly renounced or stipula-
ted? Could not Spain have adduced the same rea-
son, with much better titles, for disputing the pos-
session of Louisiana by the United States? Did she
not, on retroceding Louisiana to France, which sold
that territory to the American government for eighty
millions, reserve to herself, by the treaty of October,
1800, the right of preference, in case France should
be about to part with it? And did the United States
depend upon her previous consent to making this
important acquisition? Far from so doing, this
business was entered upon without giving her any
notice whatsoever; and when she became informed
of it, she bitterly complained of this conduct, and.
refused for one year to approve the treaty of cession
of Louisiana. What, then, would the United States
have said, if the court of Madrid, notwithstanding
this solemn approval, should now come forward
with a declaration that it had been given in an im-
proper manner, and that this territory, clandestinely
transferred to another, should be returned to her?
Would they fail to adduce in this case the conven-
' tional right flowing from the treaty of approval, as a
peremptory reason in opposition to the pretensions
of Spain? Well, this is precisely what Mexico now
does. She relies not only on the treaty "of Wash-
ington of February 22, 1819, but on the treaty en-
tered upon and concluded on the 12th of January,
1828, between the plenipotentiaries of this republic
and the United States, and afterwards solemnly rat-
ified by the two contracting parties.
Tn both treaties it is agreed that the dividing lines
should be marked out; that Texas should not be-
long to the United States, but first to Spain and after-
wards to Mexico, as succeeding to the rights of
Spain. In neither treaty will be found the reserva-
tions which could give to the American government
the titles which it appears to found upon a belief
contrary to solemn conventions; whilst both treaties
contain express and positive renunciations of that
territory m favor of Spain and this republic, as may
be seen by reference to the third article ofthe treaty
of Washington, and the second article of the treaty
of Mexico.. . '
As it is thus asserted that this belief that the terri-
tory of Texas belongs to the United States, has ex'
