Dee. 1844, APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
' 0
28th Cong 2d Sess.
Independent Treasury—Mr. Kennedy.
H. of Reps.
are not generally rewarded with the credit they are
entitled to.
The nature of the land system requires that, at
each of the local land offices, as well as at the Gen-
eral Land Office, there should be kept what are de-
nominated "tract books," wherein spaces are pre-
pared for each tract, or legal subdivision of land, in
each section or fractional section, numbered seriatim
in each township, anij in the regular order of town-
ships in every range. In the spaces so prepared,
are entered all the necessary particulars of sale of the
corresponding tract when made. These books were
originally opened for all time, under the provisions
of law then existing; but have been materially af-
fected by subsequent legislation, either of a special
or general nature—special, as when the boundaries
of land districts have materially modified, and a
body of land detached from one district and made
to form a portion of one or more adjoining districts;
general, as when by the act of 5th April, 1832, ad-
mitting of tlje more minute subdivisions of sections
into quarter quarters, the books which had been,
prepared for entries of half-quarter sections only
under previous legislation, became necessarily liable
to innumerable interlineations between the origi-
nal spaces, which, in progress of time, together with
wear and tear consequent on long use, as may read-
ily be supposed, have materially impaired, and in
some instances destroyed, their usefulness. In theex-
ercise of its supervisory power, this office has deemed
it a duty to afford relief to the local offices in all ca-
ses where the exigency demanded, by renewing the
tract books rendered unavailable from the causes
stated—thereby incurring the heavy labor of post-
ing up the entire operations of many land districts
from the period of their institution. Thus, within
the last three years, there have been prepared here,
and furnished to local offices, renewed tract books
of this description, amounting to nearly fifty folio
volumes, and containing upwards of fifty thousand
full descriptive entries of sales; and, during the same
period, all the new land districts which have been
instituted, have a bo been furnished with original
tract books prepared here, to enable them at once to
commence their operations. Theso labors, so essen-
tial to the well-being of the system and the good of
the public service, arc, it will be perceived, of a
character not liable to enter into any public estimate
of the duties performed at this office.
Among the various duties of the office, there is
perhaps none of more general interest than the ad-
justment of its accounts—none in regard to which
you may more especially expect to be informed in
a report of tins character. As you are aware, the
receivers of the land offices are held to a rigid re-
sponsibility in forwarding to this office monthly
statements and quarterly accounts. All these ac-
counts have been settled up to, and including, the
third expired quarter of the present calendar year,
and sent from tins office to that of the First Comp-
troller of the Treasury for his action.
Very respectfully submitted.
T1IOS. H. BLAKE, Commissioner.
Hon. George M. Bibb,
Secretary of the Treasury.
REMARKS OF MR. KENNEDY,
OF INDIANA,
In the House of Representatives, December 20, 1844—
Jn Committee of the Whole House—in answer
to Mr. C. B. Smith's remarks on the bill to regu-
late the collection, safe-keeping, and disburse-
ment of the public moneys.
Mr. C. B. Smith, of Indiana, having resumed his
seat, after charging the democracy, and especially
those of his State, with using deception in the
avowal and discussion of the issues presented to
the people in the late presidential campaign—
Mr. KENNEDY rose, and said he had not in-
tended to enter into this debate, nor was that, the in-
tention with which he had now risen; but he felt
himself bound, in justice to the democracy of In-
diana, to clear them from some of the charges
which his colleague [Mr. C. B. Smith] had made
or insinuated against them, of not having fairly and
clearly, before the people, met the issues presented
in the late presidential campaign. He had thought
that, of all the States in this Union, the democracy
of Indiana were entitled to the credit—as credit it is
 of fighting that battle on principle, and on princi-
ple alone. There was no question at issue, which
divided the two parties of the country, that was in
the slightest degree evaded in the State of Indiana.
There was no democratic candidate far elector—
there was no democratic member now occupying or
entitled to a seat upon this floor—there was no dem-
ocratic speaker that he had heard, or heard of—in
short, there was no democrat in the State, that, at
any time, or at any place, repudiated any one of
the great principles or administrative measures of
the democratic party. And if, as his colleague had
complained, there was any time or place that
the great question of the independence of the
treasury was not sufficiently discussed before
the electors, it was because the friends of his col-
league were not ready or willing to discuss that
question; for the democrats, speakers and writers,
were ready, at all times and at every place, to meet
their opponents upon that as well as every other is-
sue. So far as that question was concerned, how-
ever, he was free to say that it had not been the
leading or main question under debate in Indiana,
for the simple and single reason that they could
not bring their opponents up to the scratch.
In the late campaign, he said, the democratic party
were brought per force to rely upon the strength of
those great principles which are the life and soul
of the people's party in this country. The main
reason of this necessity grew out of the fact that
their candidate was selected from the private walks
of life; he had no epaulette glory surrounding his
name; he had not been (as was the case with his
competitor) fruitlessly seeking the presidency for
the last twenty years; enlisting in his support the
office-seekers and political hucksters who pollute
and defile the party to which they attach themselves,
and who are ever ready and willing to shout for,
and sing in every conceivable poetic measure, the
name of their rallying chief. No; the democratic
party had for a candidate a plain, unobtrusive
man; and on the flag which he bore at the head
of the column was plainly and intelligibly written in
flaming letters of light, the principles of tho demo-
cratic party. And the people—ay, the people
of the country rallied round and sustained that ban-
ner, not mo much for the love of the man who was,
for the time being, delegated to bear it, as for the
glorious truths which were written upon its ample
folds. True, the democrats of Indiana did not
advocate "free trade," as the whigs pretend to un-
derstand that term. But they did advocate the doc-
trine wlucli is common to the party from the ex-
treme eastern verge of Maine to the Rio del Norte;
a doctrine which cun be summed up in one single
sentence—a tariff for revenue, furnishing such pro-
tection as will result as an incident from that basis
of taxation. Such is the doctrine, not only of the
democrats of Indiana, but of tho Union. Beyond
this, the democracy never have and never will go;
because more than this is unjust and as well as un-
called for. On the question of the government's
connection with the currency, they were opposed to
a United States bank, or any association of banks
into which the treasure, of the nation was to be
poured for the uso of shavers, speculators, or stock-
jobbers, managed and controlled by a set of irre-
sponsible money sharks, who, after using the peo-
ple's money for years, when the proper time arrives
for a grand blow-up, knock out the bottom of
the corrupt and corrupting institutions, letting
the remnant of the people's money sink in the com-
mon wreck of their explosion. The people of In-
diana are against any more of such fixint; and, as a
necessary consequence, they are ill favor of an in-
dependent treasury, depending more upon strong
laws, with wholesome penalties and solvent bonds,
than locks and keys and strong boxes for tho safe-
keeping and safe disbursement of the public
moneys.
So far as the comparatively new and transcend-
ently great question of reannexation of Texas
was concerned, the democracy of Indiana have taken
the clear and decided ground of immediate annex-
ation. True, they had no desire to act without
the consent of the people, or in violation of good
faith with Mexico, or in contravention of the law of
nations. The democracy of Indiana, however, believe
that when the people of the Union and citizens of
Texas have given their consent, there is no power
on earth authorized to forbid the banns; and they
will suffer no government, great or small, to inter-
meddle with their concerns; much less will they
heed the protest of England's Queen er the threats
and gasconade of Mexico's tyrant. From these
positions he assured his colleague the Indiana de-
mocracy would never shrink. Of "Pisgah's Mount,"
about which his colleague had so feelingly and elo-
| quently discoursed, he confessed he knew nothing.
[Laughter.] Nor should he ever attempt the aSr
cent of that mount to look after either "the valley
of free trade" or the promised land of "high
protection." [Renewed laughter.] The idea ap-
ired to him to be too full of "poetry" for a plain
man like hith, who was ever content with humble
prose. He must be permitted to to say, however,
that he feared his colleague, instead of viewing the
land of promise from "Pisgah's top," had been
looking up the valley of Salt river. [Great laughter.]
And that, he feared, would be about as near the
"promised land" as his colleague would ever get.
[Roars of laughter.] But to be serious, he assured
his colleague that, in the late canvass, which resulted
in the election of James K. Polk, (to whotn he
hoped before long to be able to introduce his Col-
league, that he might in future know who James'
K. Polk was,) the democracy dealt not in poetry;
they held out no extravagant hopes of getting "two
dollars a day and roast beef." On the contrary,
they labored diligently to impress on their minds
this plain and eternal truth—that no positive good
can oven be expected of any government; that the
perfection of human government is, if possible, to
prevent evil from being done. That the great ob-
ject and aim of our glorious institutions are to pre-
vent one man from m any manner trespassing upon
the rights of his fellow, leaving the liberty of each
as full and entire as is consistent with the protec-
tion of the whole. That each should be,
without let or hindrance, suffered to pursue
his own individual happiness and fortune in his
own selected mode, provided that in so doing he
trespass not on the rights of others. These were
the theories they taught, and the doctrines they
preached; the fruits of which would be, when hon-
estly put into practice, to secure to evefy laborer in
the country the full amount of the product ofhi«
honest toil, deducting only what was necessary to
keep his government in successful operation.
There was one other remark of his colleague to
which he wished to refer. He says: "There is in
this wide world a great deal of humbug." A truer
declaration he never made. This article called
"humbug" is in great demand, heingusecj as a prin-
cipal ingredient in most of the transactions of life,
but in none more than in our political campaigns,
and our declarations as to what issues the event has
settled; and whatever may be said to the contrary,
the declaration that the election of General Harrison
in 1840 was a decision of the people against the "in-
dependent treasury," is one of the greatest humbugs
of the age. If the independent treasury law, as it
was called, had been what it was represented by its
enemies to be, there would have been no need of a
decision of the people against it; for no person
would have been for it. Why, sir, it was jepre-
sented to be a great treasury bank, swallowing
up all the metallic currency of the country, and is-
suing out its bills instead. Many were the times
that he had been faced by a young whigli g, with
a treasury note in his hand, with the declaration of
"here is one of the bills of your sub-treasury!" And
no amount of argument was sufficient to convince
him that treasury notes and the sub-treasury had no
connection whatever with each other. The truth
was, that in that contest there were many issues made
up, many promises of reform made, and many
"humbugs" practised. "Change! change!" was
constantly rung in the ears of the people, so much
and so ofte« that the honest masses of our voting
population concluded that probably there was some-
thing wrong in the administrative measures of the
government, and, therefore, they would try a
"change." And dearly have they paid for that
"change." But my colleague may be disposed to
ask if the people, in 1840, did not decide against the
independent treasury bill. Did they, in 1844, decidein
its favor? Truth requires the answer to be, they did
not. Yet, although they did Hot decide in terms in
favor of that measure, they have repeatedly decided
against a United States bank, which I look upon
as the alternative; and so expressly have they repu-
diated a connection of "bank and state," that it is
a clear negative declaration that in future the gov-
ernment money shall be kept and disbursed by .gov-
ernment agents, responsible to the authority of the
people; so that no man can hesitate a moment as to
the course he is to pursue. With this conviction,
he would vote for the bill, at the same time that he
would discountenance a fruitless consumption of
time in its discussion. What he wanted was, econ-
omy in act as well as in word. He wanted no time
spent in mere party debate. The country was sick
unto death with it already. He demanded, in thg
