Dee. 1844.
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
28th Cong 2d Sess.
The Public Land Bill—Mr. Mc demand.
H. of Reps.
graduation of their price is the means by which it
would effect the onject; second, that all lands of
every description will soon find a market under such
a system.
It is objected that the bill, should it become a law,
would diminish the revenues derived from the lands.
JNow, if this should turn out to be so, the fact would
constitute no valid objection to the bill. To treat
the publiG -lands as a source of pecuniary gain, or
the means of speculation, is to degrade a great ques-
tion, involving the highest considerations of national
policy, to one of mere dollars and cents—to consider
the government in the light of a land-jobber, rather
than as a wise and beneficent patron of the interests
and happiness of its citizens. But returning to the
objection, it is without any foundation in truth.
The "Committee on Finance" of the Senate, (the
distinguished senator from Missouri, Mr. Benton,
at the head,) and the Secretary of the Treasury, in
1839, reported a different opinion. The Secretary
of the Treasury (Mr. Woodbury) expressed him-
self m this language:
"1st. I think such a bill (to reduce and graduate the price
of the public lands) would, during a fuw years, (say fire to
ten,) increase somewhat the whole amount of sales and pro-
ceeds from public lands. 2<1. After thdt, I think its opera-
tion would be to reduce somewhat the whole amount de-
ceived. Consequently, its operation on the linances would
not be very essential either way, looking to a series of
years." * * * "In other respects, it would doubtless
materially promote individual and public convenience."
The Committee on Finance held that—
"Considering that those lands (the public lands) lie dis-
persed through nine Suites and ono 'territory; that they
extend from the northern ljl.es to the Gulf ol" Mexico: that
they he intel mixed with the cultivated lauds of several mil-
lions of fanners and planters, to whom they must be desi-
rable, although oi' infeuorquality, prov ided they can be ob-
tained at prices adapted to their worth, the committee feel
justnied ill believing that the bill would acceleiate their
sale, and thereby supply the deficiency of u declining tcrenuc
from customs; and therefore lecommend the passage of the
bill in tfinamial point of riew, as a measuie bc.nrjlcinl to the
Ircaiartj, and coming: opportunely to its aid."
"Such would be the direct and immediate efl'ect of the
hill. Its indirect and consequential effect would also be
beneficial to the treasury, by bringing into use and cultiva-
tion many millions of acres of land, now idle and unpio-
ductive, contributing nothing to agriculture, but which, m
piivate hands, would speedily be made productive; and, in
swelling the aggregate of national wealth, would augment
the means of leplenislung the tleasuiy,"
# # # # * *
"The time has fully arrived when the new States should
have tile use of these lehise lands for taxation, and then
inhabitants should have the use of them for cultivation, and
that the whole should become piivate property; ami tins
can better be effected by reducing the puce to the vnlue of
the lands, than by waiting indefinite terms of years for the
lands to lise to the present minimum,"— See Semite Doc. A';).
14, vol. 1, 3d $ess., 'i'>th Cim^i m', lBoW-0.
Aside from these high authorities, what docs our
own observation tind reflection teach us on the sub-
ject? Those at nil conversant with the subject, must
know (hat the operation of the bill would be mainly
confined to such lands as have been exposed to sale
for many years without being sold. Those remain-
ing after the first selections made by the earliest
class of emigrants to the new States, and their
neighbors, friends, and relatives coming after them
nt a later day, for the most part too wet, barren,
broken, and prairie lands, remote from timber,
which will never sell for $1 25 per acre, as long as
more valuable selections can be made at the same
price. Affecting this description of iands chiefly,
the only question of pecuniary gain arising for the
consideration of the government is to determine be-
tween holding on to these lands at a heavy expense,
and selling them at once for their cash value. By
one alternative, the lands would be withheld from
sale for many years, arid in the mean time, suffer
much deterioration from the destruction of timber,
the removal of quarries and the exhaustion of the
soil; whilst by the other, their value would be re-
alized at an early day. There are now about
2,000,0U0 of acres of land in the Shawneetown land
district, in the State of Illinois, which have been ex-
posed to sale for thirty years, the interest on which,
at 6 per cent., for the same period, added to the
aggregate amount of their value at fifty cents
per acre, would be $2,800,000, or #300,000
more than their present valuation, exclusive
of the exoense of the offices kept up for
their sale. Yet it is urged that all lands are worth
the present minimum, and that therefore a loss
would aeciue to the government if it should be
reduced. This position, however, as those already
noticed, is unsupported by the experience of the
country. There are now about a million of acres
of land in the State of Ohio, which hare been offer-
ed for sale for about forty years—a portion of which
was first offered on a credit, but is yet unsold. In
fact, the average price received for the millions of
acres sold from the date of the present land system
is but a fraction over jjl 25 per acre—thus proving
that the best lands will not bring more than the
present minimum. The proposition is self-evident
that inferior lands will not bring the present price,
when the best will bring no more. The case is anal-
ogous to that of a merchant, when he has -sold all
of his stock save a remnant of refuse articles, as a
prudent man he sells these for what they will bring,
without regard to established prices. This is the
policy of a prudent man in business, and it should
be of a wise government.
It is well ascertained that there is a large remnant
of refuse lands in the States; the fact is rendered
certain by the concurring testimony of two tests,
which hare been applied^ to them—1st, the length
of time they have been exposed to sale; 2d, the clas-
sification of the lands, according to their value, from
actual examination. From a report made at the
last session of Congress by the Secretary of the
Treasury, in answer to a resolution moved by my-
self, it appears that the quantity of lands which had
been offered for sale, for twenty years and upwards,
in the nine new States, was 41,262,328 acres; and the
whole quantity which had been offered for various
periods, from five to twenty years and upwards, in-
clusive, was 94,272,91)4 acres—less now, perhaps,
about half a million. It appears, also, that the quan-
tity of land reported, fit and unfit for cultivation, in
the States of Ohio, Indiana, Illinois, Missouri,
Louisiana, Mississippi, Alabama, Arkansas, and
tho Territory of Florida, on the 3Uth day of June,
1828, and the proportions sold and unsold in the
same States and Territory on the 30th of September,
1840, were as follows:
Proportion fit for cultivation . - . '.10,437,964
unfit - • ■ 26,438,!ll'i
Proportion sold during the 1'2 years - . bi.b'is, lev
unsold at the end o'f 1-2 years - '^1,078,7(58
[House flue. Xo. HI?, 1 it tm, 'ibth Com;., col. 1, 1813-4.
Now both of these te3ts establish the fact that
there are large quantities of refuse lands, the price of
which must be reduced, if they are to be sold. And
(lie fact is particularly worthy of attention, that the
statement of the lands fit and unfit for cultivation,
considering the large amounts of both classes, shows
a sinking cournpoiitlence between the quantity re-
ported fit for cultivation in 1828, and the quantity
soUl from that period to 1840, and of course the
quantity reported unfit and not sold at the end of the
intervening twelve years.
It has been said that the bill confers a monopoly
on the present proprietors of land, by allowing them
to purchase any additional quantity not exceeding
320 acres. In estimating the force of this objection,
it will be remembered that the privilege thus'confer-
red is to be exercised only for the purpose of adding
to "an adjacent farm or plantation." It can do no
harm, anil may be of great advantage in stimulating
and promoting agricultural enterprise. The object
of the provision is to protect the interests of a
worthy and meritorious class of citizens—the pio-
neers and hardy adventurers, who, at an early
day, braved the perils and privations of the wilder-
ness to find new homes; who, surrounded by diffi-
culties and dangers, with strong arms and stout
hearts laid broad ami deep the foundations of a new
empire, in the great valley of the West. And is it
not proper that their interests should be protected,
that they should be allowed the humble privilege
of extending their little farms by adding a limited
quantity for the purposes of fuel, timber, water,
pasturage, quarries, and to provide for their chil-
dren' Gratitude, humanity, would say yes ! Kin-
dred to this is another provision of the bill, which
limits all purchases under it to those who intend to
settle and cultivate the land. This provision is ques-
tioned on the ground that it will stimulate agneul-
ture, which is said to be already too predominant:
and because it discriminates between classes of the
same community. This feature should commend
the bill to favor, rather than excite opposition. It
proposes a practical discrimination between the set-
tler and the sjieculator—the man who buys land to
inhabit and cultivate, and the man who buys it to
sell for profit. The one is the honey-bee that con-
tributes to the store of the hive; the other the drone
that lives by robbing it. Hence the reason and
propriety of the discrimination. Strike out this
feature and there will be a re-enactment of the mem-
orable scenes of 1837, '38, and '39, when whole
counties and large districts of the new States were
monopolized by mammoth land companies for the
purposes of speculation, to the serious detriment of
the country.
To avoid this great evil, and to do justice to the
settler, this provision was introduced. But what are
the effects of agricultural labor, that it should not
be stimulated ana encouraged? Has its influence been
injurious to the country, that it should be exeluded
from the fostering care of the government? The
happy experience of the country teaches a different
result—that it is the great interest of the communi-
ty. Within the last fifty years it has added nine
new States to the Union; leveled the forest; sub-
dued the rank grass of the prairies, and peopled
their broad extent with 7,000,000 of inhabitants. It
has freighted the noble rivers of the West with its
abundant treasures, and swelled our national com-
merce to a magnitude that excites the envy and ad-
miration of the world. It is the strength of the me-
chanic's arm; the breeze which spreads the canvass
of your ships; the sinews of war; the dispenser of
hospitality, and the patron of liberty. The govern-
ment leans on it for support; and, Atlas like, it sup-
ports all other classes and interests of society. Yet
the gentleman from Ohio [Mr. Vinton] thinks we
should not encourage agriculture. Mr. Clay said
agriculture "needs no protectionand this seems to
be the doctrine of the federal party. - The policy of
that party is to favor another subordinate interest—
to tax agriculture for the benefit of manufactures; to
make the first the drudge and pack-horse of the lat-
ter. Hence we find them voting for a high pro-
tective tariff on one side, and against preemptions;
o increase the price of the lands to the settler, and to
make it the duty of the President to drive the set-
tler from the public lands at the point of the bayo-
net, if necessary, on the other. And hence, also,
their opposition to the present bill. If it is wrong
to stimulate agriculture, why is it not equally so to
stimulate manufactures? If the true policy is to
leave labor tn seek its own employments and re-
wards without interference on the part of govern-
ment, then let the doctrine be fairly and fully car-
ried out; let no invidious exceptions be made to a
general rule.
The bill makes no distinction in favor of localities,
as some gentlemen seem to suppose. It invites the
citizens of all the States alike to come forth and
partake of its benefits. The people of the West do
not seek to monopolize the lands; what they want is
population to develope the resources of their highly
favored country; and they are more than willing to
extend the hand of fellowship to any of their breth-
ren of the old States who are willing to join them in
effecting the noble enterprise. They would open
their arms in particular to those who have lately
fallen under the axe of federal proscription, for the
free and conscientious exercise of the elective fran-
chise—those who have been dismissed from employ-
ment by the "loom aristocracy," because, forsooth,
they dared to vote for James K. Polk for the presi-
dency. They would specially invite them to locate
amongst them and share in the blessings of their
rich lands, and the glory and independence of their
triumphant democracy. In the great valley of the
Mississippi they will find happy homes and conge-
nial spirits; men whose ardent patriotism and high
purposes will ever afford a guaranty of individual lib-
erty and national independence.
The manner in which the public lands were ac-
quired, impose an imperative obligation on Congress
to dispose of them on such terms as will insure their
early and complete settlement. The government ac-
quired them in one of two ways—by cession or by
purchase. Those acquired by cession from the
States, were ceded by them in pursuance of a reso-
lution of the Congress of the confederation, which
selomly stipulated that the lands thus acquired
"shall be disposed of for the common benefit of the
United States, and be settled and formed into distinct
republican States, which shall become members of the
federal Union, and have the same rights of sovereigntyf
fieeiom, and independence as the other Slates." And
the same objects and conditions were also expressly
stipulated by several of the States in their deeds of
cession. From which it appears that the cessions
made were not made for the purposes of pecuniary
speculation, nor that the disreputable office and prac-
tices of the land-jobber might be shifted from the
States on the general government; but that the lands
might be "settled" and "formed" into republican
States. This was the high purpose and patriotic
object of the cessions made, and not the venial and
sordid motives of pecuniary gain. This having been
the object of cession, what now was the object of
acquiring the vast domain held by purchase? TJje
