Jan. 1845.
28th Cong 2d Sess.
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE,
4%
Annexation of Texas—Mr. Belser.
H. of Reps.
encc, as the others," which cannot be, as long as the
title of the government to the lands of the new
States is unextinguished. The new States have a
right to demand this of the government—the consti-
tution contemplates it; the resolution of Congress
inviting the cession of the public lands, and the
deeds of cession themselves guaranty it; and why
should not this triple pledge of faith be fulfilled ? It
is now obvious that the States do not occupy a
footing of equality as regards the rights of sover-
eignty. The difference between them is, that
some of them exercise a dominion of soil, and
others are not allowed to do so. In the language
of black letter British law, the old States are
seised of their lands as an absolute allodial estate,
while the new States hold theirs as a feud,
?r fitf! the allodial propriety of the soil being
in the federal government. As the ancient
English vassals had a usufruct, or, as Sir Edward
Coke defines it, a dominium, utile, in the lands of his
lord, upon the condition of pure and absolute villain-
age, so the new States may extend a sort of nonde-
script jurisdiction over the public lands within their
limits, for the purposes of order and good govern-
ment; but still a paramount jurisdiction resides in
the federal government to restrain the citizens of
those States by fine, imprisonment, or by military
force, from the use and occupation of the lands.
The right of taxation and the dominion of the soil
are essential attributes of national sovereignty: one
is necessary to the very existence of a nation; the
other, to its safety. Yet the new States are denied
both of these rights, except as they are exercised
sub modo; while the old States may exercise them
without restraint. This degrading feudal relation of
the new States should be extinguished; and to ef-
fect this object, if no other, the bill should be
passed.
Mr. McC. said it was the duty of this Congress
to pass this bill. It had been frequently said, in
reference to the great question of the annexation of
Texas, that the people had decided in favor of the
measure in the late presidential election; that such
was the clear expression of the popular will in the
election of Mr. Polk to the presidency; and that it
ought to be consummated at once. So with regard
to the question of reducing and graduating the price
of the public lands. Mr. Polk was known to nave
advocated this policy when a member of Congress.
He had both spoken and voted in favor of relax-
ing the rigor ot the present land system; while it is
well known that Mr. Clay was the author of the
antagonist policy of distribution. On this issue and
others, the American people have declared in favor
of Mr. Polk; and effect should be given to their de-
cision by the action of the House-. Now is the
time to adjust the disturbing question of the public
lands. It is the "golden moment," which a prudent
forecast would teach ought not to be allowed to pass
without being improved. It can be now settled on
a satisfactory and solid basis; but if the present op-
portunity is neglected, it would be hazardous to say
that as favorable an arrangement for the old States
can be made in future. Gentlemen from the ok!
States should not close their eyes to the fact, that
the representation of the new States on this floor
was greatly increased under the last apportionment,
while that of the old States was decreased almost in
the same ratio; and that, in 1850, the flag-staff of
the (Jnion will be planted on the battlements of
western ascendency and power, when, if not before,
the doctrine of free tenure and equal rights will be
proclaimed to the hardy millions of the Great West,
when the representation from the West will be able
to take, as a right, what is now asked in justice.
SPEECH OF MR. BELSER,
OF ALABAMA,
In the House of Representatives, January 3, 1845—On
the joint resolutions reported by ihe Committee on
Foreign Affairs, proposing to annex the republic
of Texas to the United States; and on the amend-
ments offered thereto by Mr. Wellek. of Ohio,_
and Mr. Douglass of Illinois.
Mr. BELSER having obtained the floor, rose and
said that, in his opinion, a great error had accom-
panied most of our recent discussions. He had
scarcely heard an argument during the session, on
any subject, in which the speaker had failed to men-
tion some incident connected with the iate presi-
dential election. Believing this to be wrong, he had
prescribed a rule for his guidance m future; which
was, that, whatever might be the topic under c6n-
sideration, he would endeavor, to keep his vision
bounded by the record. Arguments addressed to
the popular ear were usually of a peculiar kind,
well enough in their place, but when reiterated here
they unfit the representative for correct thinking,
and were a waste of the public time.
The subject on which the House was now called
to act had been before the people of the States in
their primary assemblies; and without undertakingto
say what had, or had not, been decided by them, he
would say this: that a sufficient expression of
opinion had been given throughout the United States
to entitle this people, and the governmen t of Texas,
to action on this question. For some time past he
had made up his mind in favor of it; and if, on any
occasion, he had evinced an unnecessary zeal for its
early consummation, he hoped that the fact would
not be attributed to unjust motives. He was an
American in feeling—a native of the sunny South—
early taught to admire her institutions—to love her
people; and, under such circumstances, it was but
natural that he should have the warmest solicitude
for her prosperity. Having said this much, in the
way of introduction, he would next proceed to the
examination of the interesting question before the
committee.
The constitutional right of annexing a foreign re-
public to this government, by a concurrence of the
legislative power of both countries, presents for our
consideration no common matter; and before such
legislation is attempted, the ground on which we
stand ought to b« fully viewed. Candor compelled
him to admit, that, so far as his research had been
extended, he had discovered no precedent embra-
cing the exact point. Since the commencement of
tho present century, the Louisiana and Florida Ter-
ritories had become portions of the United States;
and out of tho former several new States had been
admitted into the Union; but these acquisitions to
our nationul domain had (in the first instance, been
obtained by the treaty-making power. There then
being no legislative exposition which fully meets
the question, we must, at a proper time, look into
tho character of our government for its solution.
Some there are who contend that Texas cannot
be constitutionally annexed to this government,
either by treaty, bill, or joint resolution. They
assimilato tho Union to a political firm, of which
tho States are members, and say that any contract
of annexation made with Texas, without their en-
tile assent, would be void. They entrench them-
selves behind the treaty of 1783, fixing the limits
of the United States, mid publish it as their opinion
that the power to admit now Suites vested m Con-
gress is to be confined to those limits. They further
declare that slavery is a stain on our national es-
cutcheon, and that the authorities of the federal
government have no right to increase it by tho an-
nexation of a new slave territory to tbe Union:
that, by virtue of the compact, it is limited to
those States where it existed when the instrument
was framed: that, under that compact, a single
slave cannot be. constitutionally brought into that
Union; and yet, by the proposed annexation of Tex-
as, all the slaves in that republic are to be made to
form a part of our population.
Those who hold these doctrines, with a few ex-
ceptions, arc the abolitionists of the country—the
men whose daily vocation is to slander and vilify,
as far as they are able, the present administiation.
They hate the President and his Secretary, [Mr.
Calhoun,] because these statesmen have foresight
and firmness enough to counteract Great Britain—
in a word, to be Americans. They are the same
who once desired to see Louisiana remain a desert
for howling wolves to roam over, sooner than it
should become a part of this government. Their
direct influence in the councils of the nation is limit-
ed; but still they hold the balance of power in sev-
eral of the largest States. They arc never found in
any political conventions except their own; and, by
stratagem, are endeavoring to circumscribe our in-
stitutions. They have their friends on this floor 
men of great talent—whose exertions should be re-
served for a better cause; for if slavery be the evil
of which they speak, they should recollect that
Great Britain, with the aid of JNew England,
entailed it on us; and further, that not only our
prosperity, but likewise our personal security, is
involved in the keeping of the two races separate
and distinct.
There are others who to a certain extent disagree
with those whom he had just adverted to. They
acknowledge the right of ths treaty-making power
to admit foreign territory into the union, but deny
that it can be done by the legislation of this govern-
ment and Texas. They maintain that the treaty-
making power must first incorporate the territory
before Congress can admit the new States. They
say that, by the constitution, the power of making
treaties is vested in the President and two-thirds of
the Senate; and, being thus conferred, that Congress
has no authority over the subject; that such legisla-
tion, if permitted, would supersede the written con-
stitution, and substitute for it the omnipotence of
the British Parliament. They further contend that
the United States, having recognised the independ-
ence of Texas, by the act made her a perfect nation;
that every compact between independent nations is
a treaty; and that every treaty must be made by the
President, and afterwards be referred to the Senate
for ratification.
If the views of either of these parties are correct,
then the question is concluded; for neither the con-
sent of all the members of the confederacy, nor that
of two-thirds of the Senate, can be obtained for the
measure; and hence it becomes our duty to examine
with care their positions.
In the settlement of these difficulties, which have
been so eagerly presented by the opponents of an-
nexation, there are three clauses in the constitution
of the United States to which a fair interpretation
must be given:
1st. The legislative power of the Union, vested in
Congress, and to consist of a Senate and House of
Representatives.
2d. The treaty-making power, vested in the Pres-
ident, by and with the advice and consent of the
Senate, two-thirds of the senators present concurring
in any treaty which he may submit.
3d. The power of Congress to admit new States
into the Union, under certain restrictions, intended
to guard and protect the States.
From the reading of these several provisions, he
inferred that there could be but little difficulty in
coming to a correct conclusion, provided the char-
acter of our government is kept clearly in view.
All sovereignties of which history informs us, are
said to be based on three fundamental provisions—
executive, legislative, and judicial. That mode in
which these several powers are to be exercised,
forms the main distinction between governments.
In those which are unlimited, they are concentrated
in a single individual. Sometimes they are lodged
in a few select persons; and when such is the case,
it is denominated an uncontrolled aristocracy. Our
government is unlike either of the foregoing. Sov-
reignty with us originally existed in the people of
the State governments. For the purpose of forming
a more perfect union, a portion of it has been trans-
ferred by the constitution to the federal head. Con-
gress, then, is the best exponent of the public will;
for it is chosen by those who are, to a great extent,
the original fountain of all legitimate authority.
The right of every nation to take care of itself, and
to provide everything which may be necessary for its
preservation, is a principle too plain to be questioned.
The authority to incorporate foreign territory with
our own is not expressly delegated to the President
and Senate, but it attaches as an incident to sover-
eignty; and this sovereignty is more perfect in the
law-making power, than in any other department
mentioned in the constitution. If, then, sovereignty
gives the right to acquire foreign territory either by
conquest or by purchase, that right can be most
properly exercised by that branch of the govern-
ment in which it most clearly exists. The lan-
guage of the constitution is, new States may be ad-
mitted by Congress into the Union. How can new
States be admitted into the Union by Congress,
composed of foreign territory, without, at the same
time, admitting foreign territory? If to admit new
States be a power expressly given to Congress, then
all the means which arc appropriate may constitu-
tionally be employed to 'carry the same into effect;
and the degree of its necessity is a question of legis-
lative discretion. In such cases, the legislature can
mould and model the exercise of its powers as its
own wisdom and the public interests shall require.
This power to admit new States is not be found
in the articles of confederation. Its origin
is but coeval with the constitution; still the debates
on the adoption of that instrument clearly indicate
that those who made it a part of our national com-
pact, did not intend to limit its operation to what
was then considered the territory of the Union.
They were for supplying the defects which mani-
fested themselves during the existence of that eon-
federation; and the task before them was a peri-
lous and difficult one! They did not intend to pro-
