: :
44
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
28th Cong 2d Sess.
Debate on the Oregon question.
; "ijK,, -
1844.
Senate,
south of the State of Georgia and the Mississippi Territo-
ry,and for other purposes, £and the declaration accompa-
nying the same. r
Sec. 1. Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Represent-
atives of the United States of America in Congress assembled,
I hat this act, and the act passed during the present session
of Congress, entitled "an act to enable the President of the
united States, under certain contingencies, to take posses-
sion of the country lying east of the river Perdido, and
south of the State of Georgia and the Mississippi Territory,
and for other purposes/' and the declaration accompanying
the same, he not printed or published until the end of the
next session of Congress, unless directed by the President
of the United States, any law or usage to the contrary not-
withstanding. Approved, 3 March, 1811.
An act authorizing the President of the United States to
take possession of a tract of country lying south of the
Mississippi Territory and west of the river Perdido.
Sec. 1. Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Represent-
atu'es of the United States of America in Csn^ress assembled,
That the President be, and he is hereby, authorized to oc-
cupy and hold all that tract of country called West Florida,
which lies west of therivex Perdido, not now in possession
of the United States.
Sec. 2. Jlnd be it further enacted, That, for the purpose of
occupying and holding the country aforesaid, and of afford-
ing protection to the inhabitants thereof, under the authpri-
ty of the United States, the President may employ such
parts of the military and naval force of the United States as
he may deem necessary.
Sec. 3. Jlndbeit further enacted, That, for defraying the
necessary expenses, twenty thousand dollars are hereby ap-
propriated, to be paid out of any moneys in the treasury not
otherwise appropriated, and to be applied, for the purposes
aforesaid, under the direction of the President. Approved,
12 February, 1813.
DEBATE OJNf THE OREGON QUES-
TION.
In Senate, Thursday, December 19, 1844.
Mr. ATCHISON, pursuant to notice heretofore
given, asked and obtained leave to introduce the
following bill; which was read twice, with a view to
reference:
A BILL to organize a territorial government in the Oregon
Territory, and for other purposes.
Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Representatives of
the United Slates of America in Congress assembled, That
from and after the day of , in the year of
the country belonging to the United States, included within
the following boundaries, shall constitute a territory for the
purposes of a temporary government, by the name or Ore-
gon; that is to say: all the territory lying west of the Mis-
souri river, and south of the forty-ninth degree of north
latitude, and east of the Pvocky mountains, and north of the
boundary line between the United States and Texas, not in-
cluded within the limits of any State, and also, over the ter-
ritory comprising the Rocky mountains, and the country
between them and the Pacific ocean south of fifty-four de-
grees and forty-nine minutes of north latitude, and north of
tne forty-second degree of north latitude.
Sec. 2. Jlnd beitfwtker enacted> That there shall be ap-
pointed a governor of said Territory, who shall continue m
office for'the term of five years, unless sooner dismissed by
the President, and who shall reside m the Territory west of
the Rocky mountains.
Sec. 3. Jlnd be it further enacted, That there shall be ap-
pointed a secretary of said Territory, who shall hold his
office for the term of live years, unless sooner dismissed,
who shall reside in said Territory west of the Ilock} moun-
tains.
Sec. 4. Jlnd be it further enacted, That it shall be the
duty of the secretary to keep the haws passed by the legis-
lature, the public records of the Territory, and the proceed-
ings of the governor in his executhe department; to trans-
mit authentic copies of such acts and proceedings, every
six months, to the Secretary of State of the United States,
to be annually laid by Congress; and to perform such other
duties as are prescribed by law tor the secretary of the Ter-
ritory of Wisconsin
Sec. 5. Jlnd be it further enacted, That there shall be also
appointed a court, to consist of three judges, (any two of
whom to form a court,) who shall have comraen law and
chancery jurisdiction, and who shall reside in said Territory
/West of the Rocky mountains, and hold their offices during
good behavior.
Sec 6. Jlnd be it further cnacttd, That the governor and
judges, or a majority of them, shall adopt and publish
such laws of any of the United States or Territories, crim-
inal and civil, as may be necessary and suited to the cir-
cumstances of the Territory, and report them to Congress,
which laws shall be in force in the district till the organiza-
tion of the general assembly therein, unless disapproved of
by Congress; but the legislature of said Territory ishallhave
power to alter the same.
Sec. 7. Jlnd he it fuither enacted, That the governor of
said Territory shall be commander-in-chief of the militia,
and appoint and commission all officers in the same.
Sec. 8. Jlnd he it further enacted, That, previous to the or-
ganisation of the general assembly, the governor shall have
pow**r to appoint such magistiales, and other civil officers,
as he shall find necessary for the preservation of the peace
and good order in said territory.
Sec. 9. Jlnd U it further enacted, That, when the general
assembly shall be organized, the powers and duties of the
magistrates and other civil officers shall be defined by an
act of said assembly.
Skc. 10. And he it further enacted, That the governor
shall, for civil purposes, lay oft such districts, counties,
and townships, as may be necessary and convenient; sub-
ject however, to such alterations as may thereafter be made
by the legislature.
Sec. it Jlnd be it further enacted, That the governor
gh$lV for military purposes, lay off such districts and beats
as he shall think proper and right; and he shall have power
to ordain and enforce such rules and regulations as he may
think best adapted to render the militia Of said territory
most efficient.
Sec. 12. .find be it further enacted, That so soon as there
shall be five thousand free white male inhabitants over the
age of twenty-one, citizens of the United States, they shall
have authority to elect representatives from the counties,
townships, and districts, to represent them in the general
assembly of said Territory.
Sec. 13. Jlnd be it fuither enacted, That it shall be the du-
ty of the governor to lay off in said Teiritory, districts,
counties, and townships, for the purpose of elections afore-
said.
Sec. 14. Jlnd be it further enacted, That the governor shall
also prescribe the times and places for holdirig said elec-
tions^nd for the purpose of ascertaining the number of
free white males in said Territory; and the governor shall
also cause the census to be taken at least once m every
year, by persons to be appointed for that purpose, in said
Territory.
Sec. 15. Jh id be it further enacted, That for every five hun-
dred free male inhabitants there shall be one iepresenta-
tiue, until the legislature shall otherwise direct: Provided,
That the number of representatives shall never exceed
fifty.
Sec. J5 And be it further enacted, That no person shall be
entitled to a vote for a representative, or be eligible or qual-
ified to act as such, unless he shall have been a citizen of
one of the United States.
Sec 17. And be it further enacted, That the representa-
tives elected as aforesaid shall serve for the term of two
years, and until their successors are duly elected and quali-
fied; and in case of death or resignation of a representative,
the governor shall issue his writ to the district, county, or
township, to elect another in his stead, to serve the residue
of the term.
Sec. 18. And be it further enacted, That the general assem-
bly shall consist of a legislatire council and a hawse of rep-
resentatives.
Sec. 19 And be it further enacted, That the legislative
council shall consist of five members, any three of whom
to make a quorum.
Sec. 20. And be it further enacted, That the members of
the council shall be appointed m the following manner: As
soon as representatives shall be elected, the governor shall
appoint a time and place for them to meet together; and
they shall elect five persons, having the same qualifications
as a representative, who shall constitute and serve as a
legislative council. All vacancies occurring in said coun-
cil shall be filled by the House of Representatives.
Sec. 21. And be it further enacted, That the President of
the United States shall have power to remove any member
of said legislative council.
Sec 22 ./3nd be it fuither enacted, That the members of
the legislative council shall serve as such for the term of
five years, unless sooner removed.
Sec. 23. And be it further enact'd. That the governor,
legislative council, and House of Representatives, shall
have authority to make laws for the government of said
Territory, not repugnant to this act, nor to the law s of the
United States.
Sec. 24. And be it further enacted, That all bills, having
passed by a majority of the legislative council and House
of Representatives, fahall be referred to the governor for
his assent; and no act whatever shall be of any foice with-
out it.
Sec. 25. And be it further enacted. That the governor shall
have power to convcnce the legislative assembly when, in
his opinion, it shall be expedient; and said legislative as-
sembly shall not, at any one time, continue in session long-
er than sixty clays
Sec. 26 And be it further enacted, That the governor, be-
fore he enters upon the discharge of the duties of his office,
shall take an oath or affirmation before some judge of the
Supreme Court of the United States, or di&trict judge there-
of, to support the constitution of the United States, and
faithfully demean himself in office.
Skc. 27. And be it fuither enacted, That so soon as the
governor shall have entered upon the duties of his office, he
shall appoint a time, and designate convenient places, and
make such other regulations as may be right and proper, for
the election of a delegate to Congress; who shall have a
seat m Congress, with the right of debating, but not vot-
ing; said delegate to be elected by the qualified voters in
saidjTerritory, and to hold his office for two years.
Sec -28. And be it fm titer enactcd. That there f-hall bean
attorney and marshal appointed, who shall hold their offices
for four years, unless sooner removed by the President, and
who shall receive the same fees and salaries, and perform
the same services, and be subjected to the same regulations
and penalties as the attorney and marshal of the Territory
of "Wisconsin.
Sec 20. And be it farther enacted, That the governor, sec-
retary, judges, attorney, and marshal, shall be nominated,
and, by and with the advice and consent of the Senate, ap-
pointed by the President.
Sec. 30. And be it further enacted, Thatsofoon as a va-
vancy shall happen in the office of judge, secretary, attor-
ney, or marshal, it shall be the duty of the governor to re-
port, as soon as practicable, the same to the President, who
shall fill such vacancy.
Sec 31. And be it further enacted, That the court estab-
lished by this act for said Territory, shall have and exercise
the same jurisdiction m all cases arising under the constitu-
tion and laws of the United States, as is vested in the circuit
and distnctcourts of the United .States.
Sec. 32. And he it fuithei enacted, That the said court
shall have power to appoint a clerk and regulate his fees
Sec. 33. And be it further enacted. That said court shall
have a superintending control over, and appellate jurisdic-
tion in all cases arisjng in any court, and all subordinate
judicial tribunals that may be established by law in said
Territory.
Sec. 34. And he it further enacted, That the governor shall
perform the duties of superintendent of Indian affairs within
said Territory, and* shall receive an annual salary of
dollars.
Sec. 35. And be it further enacted, That the judges shall
each receive an annual salary of dollars, and the sec-
retary shall receives® aunualsalary of doMars;vwhich
salaries to the above officers to be paid them quarterly, out
of the treasury of the United States. H
Sec. 36. And be it further enacted, That the members of
the legislature shall receive three dollars per day for eyery
day they are in session, and fifteen cents mileage for travel-
ling, in going to and returning from the said session, esti-
mated according to the most usually travelled route.
Sec. 37. And be it further enacted, That the President of
the United States is authorized- and required to cause to be
erected, at suitable places, a line of stockade forts and block-
houses, not exceeding live in number, from spine point on
the Missouri river,- on the most practicable route to the
south pass in the Rocky mountains.
Sec.3S. And be it fuither enacted, That the President is
authorized and required to cause fortifications to be erected
at or nearthe mouth of the Columbia river.
Sec. 39. And be it further enacted, That provision hereaf-
ter shall be made by law to secure and grant six hundred
and forty acres of land to every white male inhabitant of the
Territory of Oregon, of the age of eighteen years and up-
wards, who shall cultivate and use tne same for five con-
secutive years, or to his heirs, in case of his decease.
Sec. 40. And be it further enacted, Tkat to every such in-
habitant, being a married man, there shall be granted, in ad-
dition, one hundred and sixty acres to his wife, and the like
quantity of one hundred and sixty acres to the father, for
each child under the age of eighteen years he may have, or
which may be born within the five years aforesaia.
Sfc. 41. And be it further enacted, That no sale or contract
of any kind of such lands shall be valid before a patent is-
sues therefor, nor shall the same be taken in execution, or
bound.by any judgment, mortgage, or lien of any kind, be-
fore the patent is issued.
Sec. 42 And be it further enacted, That the President i«
authorized and ^required to appoint two additional Indian
agents, with a salary of dollars, whose duty
it shall be, under the direction of the governor of said Tern*
tory, to superintend the interests of the United States with
any Indian tribes west of any agency now established by
law; and that the sum of dollars be appropri-
ated to carry into effect the provisions of this act.
Mr. A. now moved that the bill be referred to the
Committee on Territories.
Mr. ARCHER moved its reference to the Com-
mittee on Foreign Relations. It was only necessary
to call the attention of the Senate to the fact that this
very question would be before the Committee on
Foreign Relations before the termination of the pres-
ent session, in consequence of the correspondence
between the British government and our government
on the subject. It seemed very strange to him that
one committee should be charged with the consider-
ation of that correspondence, the object of which
was, avowedly, by both parties, to lead to an arnica*
ble adjustment of all difficulties connected with the
questions at issue; and that another committee
snould be charged with a measure, the tendency of
which was to frustrate that amicable adjustment.
He hoped the Senate would not hesitate to give its
decision in favor of the reference he had called for.
Mr. ATCHISON observed that there was nothing
of a foreign nature in the bill; it simply proposed the
organization of a government for the Territory of
Oregon, and to donate land. It seemed to him that
there could be no reasonable objection to referring
the bill to the Committee on Territories. If there
was no such committee, the Committee on the Ju-
diciary would be the appropriate committee. There
was nothing touching upon foreign affairs at all in it;
nothing in the bill to be referred to a Committee on
Foreign Relations. If the senator from Virginia
could point out any thing in the bill rendering it
proper to refer its consideration to that committee,
he (Mr. A.) should have no objection to its taking
that coursc, cxcept one—but that objection was a
very strong, and, according to parliamentary usage
an insuperable objection—namely, thatnotamember
of that committee, except one, was favorable to its
object. It was well known that the Committee on
Foreign Relations was opposed to the measure.
Now, according to parliamentary usage, and the
uniform practice of the Senate, he believed that rea-
son alone, if none other existed, would be sufficient
to withhold its reference from that committee.
Mr. ARCHER would inquire of the honorable
senator from Missouri, what it was that the two
governments had to negotiate about, if it was not the
question of territorial jurisdiction? Now he (Mr.
A.) put it to the honorable senator t® say whether
any bill can pass, involving that question of jurisdic-
tion, that will not come in conflict with the arrange-
ments beiHg made by negotiation relative to that very
jurisdiction. Let him suggest to the honorable sen-
ator a single consideration. Suppose that a treaty on
the subject should be sent here some little time
hence, prescribing one form of jurisdiction, and the
bill passed through Congress had prescribed another,
quite different: would the honorable senator tell him
how he would be able to justify the conflict between
the legislative and executive departments' of this
government which might be produced? He (Mr.
A.) had no d<?ubt that if there was no interference
