1844.
APPENDIX to TttE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
28th Cong 2d Sess. ■
Debate on the Oregon question.
Senate.
on the part of Congress to mar the negotiation, there
would be a speedy adjustment, by treaty, which
would supersede the necessity of any such bill as
a step in advance. This was not the proper time
for the provisions contemplated by the bill. But
he had learned to be too distrustful of every thing
sought to be made political capital of, not to know
how far reason can be dethroned by partisan zeal,
and therefore he did not wonder at the haste with
which this measure was urged forward. He hoped,
however, the senate would not permit the bill to go
to the Committee on Territories, but send it to that
committee to which the subject of its conflict with
our foreign relations properly belonged. He could
assure the senator from Missouri that it would not
be delayed longer by that committee than was prop-
er to restrain its action from interfering with those
relations and the pending negotiation.
Mr. BAGBY remarked that, having had some
agency in instituting the Committee on Territories,
he could perhaps call to the recollection of the Senate
the circumstances which induced the necessity for
making it a permanent standing committee. Before
it was instituted, all the business concerning the Ter-
ritories was referred to some one or other of the
standing committees charged with special duties,
which precluded that undivided attention to Territo-
rial affairs which, in the judgment of many senators,
they demanded. Now, he took it for granted that,
in the establishment of the Committee on Territo-
ries, the Senate had some definite object in view;
and, if he understood the matter at all, that object
was, to refer to it such subjects as related to the ter-
ritories of the United States. Here, then, was a bill
especially and simply relating to the domestic affairs
and organization of one of our Territories; yet weare
told it should not be referred to the especial com-
mittee created for taking charge of territorial busi-
ness, but must be referred to a committee that not
only has nothing whatever to do with domestic Ter-
ritorial affairs, but is hostile to the objects of the
bill itself.
But there is a rule on this subject, which has not
only always prevailed in this body, but in every
other legislative body, and which this bill is entitled
to be governed by—a rule founded in courtesy, which
should not be departed from, except under a neces-
sity sufficient to justify that departure; and that rule
is, to give to those who introduce bills the choice of
the committees to which they think proper to make
their reference, provided there is nothing manifestly
improper in the selection. Aside from this rule, he
should be permitted to repeat the question pro-
pounded by the senator from Missouri [Mr. Atchi-
son] to the senator from Virginia; whether there
was one solitary feature in the measure to authorize
its reference to a Committee on Foreign'Relations?
What had the internal jurisdiction of our own terri-
tory, and the judicial protection of our own citizens,
to do with foreign relations? What foreign feature
could there possibly be in an object to provide a
domestic government for one of the Territories of the
United States' If the proposition was to extend
this government heyond our territory, and over the
subjects of a foreign power, then there might be
just reason to apprehend such difficulties as would
call for the interference of the Committee on Foreign
Relations. But nothing of the kind is directly or
remotely chargeable upon the bill; there is no foreign
policy involved in its provisions. And if there were
in it anything to clash with the interests of a foreign
nation, would it not be discovered and corrected by
the Committee on Territories, as well as by any
other committee? When returned to the Senate and
reported upon, it would be time enough to raise the
question of objection made by the seaator from Vir-
ginia. But to take it for granted m advance, that a
bill to organize the government of a territory of the
United States, must be a bill to interfere with and
disturb our relations with a foreign government,
which has no right, under heaven, to question our
internal policy, and claims none, was, to say the
least of it, a new thing to him, and to the
whole country. In regard to the reference of
the bill to the Committee on Territories, or to
a committee of its friends specially chosen, it
was for the Senate to decide. To send it to a hos-
tile committee, the openly avowed object of which
is to keep it back, if not frustrate it, would be to
violate a rule that has long obtained, and has been
found to be attended with no inconvenience. He
hoped the bill was not to be sent to a committee
where it would not have a solitary friend.
Mr. BENTON said the Senate had long existed
before the appointment of a Committee on Terri-
tories. It was a committee of recent creation,
and grew out of the compound, or various
nature of the territorial questions. These ques-
tions often presented, in a single bill, several
different subjects, each of which would appro-
priately refer itself to a different committee. It
was often a question to which of the committees the
question should go, there being several to which it
was equally referable. To avoid all this, and to
have a permanent organ for the territories, the Com-
mittee on Territories was created; and the present
bill was eminently proper to go to it. His colleague
[Mr. Atchison] had stated the provisions of this
bill: they were various, and would properly refer
themselves to different committees, not one of
which would be the Committee on Foreign Rela-
tions. The bill proposed a territorial government—
a government of laws and of courts' this would re-
fer itself to the Judiciary Committee. It proposed
also military posts: that would require troops and
munitions of war, and would refer itself to the Mil-
itary Committee. It proposed also donations of
public land: that would refer itself to the Public Land
Committee. It proposed also Indian agencies: and
that would go to the Indian Committee. Here, then,
was matter for four different committees, not one
of which would be the Committee on Foreign Rela-
tions. All four of the questions were domestic: not
one of them was foreign. If there was no Commit-
tee on Teriitories, either of the committees named
as connected with the provisions of the bill might
claim it. The Judiciary, the Military, the Public
Land, the Indian, might each claim it; but not the
Committee on Foreign Relations. That committee
has no cognizance of any part of its provisions.
But there is a Committee on Territories, created to
take charge of all the multifarious questions which
belonged to the crcation or government of territo-
ries. This bill, being for the creation of a territory,
and being various in its provisions, should proper-
ly go to the Committee on Territories; and he (Mr.
B.) should cheerfully vote to give it that reference.
Mr. ARCHER said that the honorable senators
on the other side of the House seemed to him to
misapprehend the purport of his objections, and
what lie humbly conceived to be the character of
the question now before the Senate. The question
was not how, in what mode, or to what extent, the
territory of the United States ought to be organized.
The real question was, Have we any territory there
over which we are authorized to exercise jurisdic-
tion under present circumstances, with a view to the
oiganization of a government'
There are more departments of the government
of the United States than one. He asked honorable
senators on the other side was not the jurisdic-
tion to organize, dependant on the question of title to
the territory? He said that, according to the forms
of our government, that question was not pending
here, but in another department, which excludes
the effect of its depending here. The honorable
senator from Missouri, [Mr. Benton,] who spoke
last, said right, if the question was, whether, having
territory in Oregon by a decision of the conflicting
claim of Great Britain, we were now to go on to in-
stitute a government over that territory, which is
the appropriate committee to have the organization
of that government? The Committee on the Terri-
tories, beyond doubt. But, he repeated, the question
was not now whether we are to organize a govern-
ment by one committee or another, but whether we
have a right to do it by any committee. That ques-
tion is depending elsewhere—in another department
of the government, which has the proper jurisdic-
tion over it, and which is now in the exercise of the
functions vested in that department by the constitu-
tion. And now, is it proper for another department
to come m and divest the executive of this function'
He assured senators that so far from the Com-
mittee on Foreign Relations wanting to shape
this bill, when it was proper that the sub-
ject should receive shape, they would refuse
to entertain it, and report to the Senate that it was
not appropriate to their functions; but the object of
the motion which he made now, was to prevent any
committee from going on, until the department which
was now engaged in the examination of the subject
should report the result of that examination; and
when that came, he should then acquiesce m a mo-
tion to refer it to the Committee on Territories, or
whatever committee had jurisdiction of the subject.
If the honorable senator on the other side [Mr.
Atchison] should prefer that the present motion
should assume that form, he (Mr. Archer) had no
objection to move to lay the bill on the table with a
view to intercept ■ action on the subject till we had
the President's message in relation to the negotia-
tion which is now in progress between the two gov-
ernments.
Mr. ATCHISON said it seemed to him that the
honorable senator from Virginia went on the suppo-
sition that we had no territory in Oregon; or if we
had, it was in dispute with a foreign power. Now,
he (Mr. Atchison) had examined carefully into the
history of Oregon, and into all the negotiations on
the subject of that territory as far as they have been
published; and it appeared to him to be perfectly
clear that it was distinctly understood between, the
government of the United States and that of Great
Britain, that all the territory south of the Columbia
river was conceded by Great Britain to the United
States. This proposition had been made and re-
peated again and again by Great Britain to us.
All the settlements made by citizens of the United
States are south of the Columbia river; therefore
the question of jurisdiction over them can be settled
equally as well by the Committee on Territories as
by the Committee on Foreign Relations. The ques-
tion really was, whether we had a territory, and
whether it is right and proper to form a government
for it. Now, it was conceded by Great Britain it-
self—the only power presuming to lay claim against
us to other portions of Oregon—that we have terri-
tory south of the Columbia; which settled that por-
tion of the question. And, as nothing remained to
be answered but the question whether it was right
and proper to establish a government over our terri-
tory and citizens there, he could not see the propri-
ety of referring that question to the Committee on
Foreign Relations instead of to the appropriate
committee—the Committee on Territories. The
senator from Virginia should recollect another thing;
that this subject of adjustingthe boundary north of
the Columbia river had been a matter of negotiation
for upwards of twenty years, and that the patience
of the people of the United States had been entire-
ly worn out by a procrastination operating alto-
gether to our disadvantage, so that their determina-
tion to have it settled had become justly irrepressi-
ble. Last session of Congress we were toid that
before its close we should have action upon the sub-
ject, unless the matters in dispute were terminated
by negotiation. There was no negotiation, and we
had no action. But now the question is, we are
told, prematurely raised! How prematurely raised?
The senator from Virginia knows that, even under
the existing convention, we have the right of joint
occupation even in the disputed portion of the^ter-
ritory. Now, according to his (Mr. Atchison's)
judgment, this bill did not, in the slightest degree,
infringe upon the treaty of joint occupation. Even
if it proposed extending our jurisdiction north of the
Columbia river, it would be only putting precisely
the same construction on the existing convention
which Great Britain herself has put upon it.
But there was another consideration in relation to
this bill, of primary importance. There was a well-
settled parliamentary rule, as well established in
relation to the business of the Senate as any other
rule, that no member shall be required to commit a
bill which he introduces to a committee which is
opposed to its object. Now, the records of the Sen-
ate showed that every member of the Committee on
Foreign Relations had, at one time or other, voted
against organizing a government for Oregon Terri-
tory.
It seemed to him, however, that if there was to
be discussion on the merits of the measure, this
was not the appropriate time for it. When the
Committee on Territories made its report on the
bill, it would be time enough for the senator from
Virginia to state his reasons for opposing the bill, or
recommending its postponement.
Mr. WOODBURY said he thought too much im-
portance was attached to the circumstance whether
the bill before us went either to the Committee on
tiie Territories or that on Foreign Relations, because
he had well-grounded fears that the majorities on
both of those committees were unfriendly to the
measure. In either case, then, it would be com-
mitting the lamb to the care of the wolf. He there-
fore preferred a select or special committee to either;
as that, by parliamentary usage, would be com-
posed of senators favorable to the objects of the
bill.
It was too great a question, however, to be influ-
enced much by any committee. The occupation of
Oregon, and the protection of our people there,
speedily, was a question national in magnitude—
one that had been, and would be; discussed and set-
