Dec. 1Q44
APPENDIX tO THE CONGRESSIONAL tiLOftfe.
m
28th Cong 2d Sess.
Debate on the Oregon question.
Senate.
ginia [Mr. Archer] that our title is the only title.
He took for granted that the provisions of this bill
are pretty much those of the bill introduced by the
late senator from Missouri [Dr. Linn.] He took it
for granted that it retains the same provision grant-
ing lands to emigrants. Would the honorable mo-
ver [Mr. Atchison] tell him whether that provis-
ion still remained in the bill?
Mr. ATCHISON, from his seat, replied that it
did.
Mr.-MOREHEAD. ' That, then, was the very
point which presented the difficulty in reference to
our foreign relations. On a former occasion, when
this bill was under discussion, the objection taken -
to it was, that although we might extend our juris-
diction over Oregon, as Great "Britain had extended
hers; and although we might extend the protection
of our laws there, and establish a: line of military
posts from the boundary of Missouri to the Colum-
bia river, yet that Great Britain had never furnish-
ed inducements to her citizens, by granting them
titles of lands or any facility of that kind. It was
contended that it was a joint occupation, and that
although we might send emigrants there, yet that
we could assert no such title as to assume that we
could grant tracts of land as an encouragement to
those who might go there. Such, lie believed, was
the opinion of the distinguished statesman now
at the head of the State Department, formerly a sen-
ator from South Carolina, [Mr. Calhoun.] If that
question still remains, it is a question touching to our
foreign relations. Does this granting of lands con-
sist of such infringements upon the treaty between
the two governments as to forbid us from legislating
upon the subject? Several sessions ago, ho thought
it did not If lie occupied another position on the
subject now, it was because the relations between
the two governments weie changed. The honora-
ble senator on the other side, [Mr. Ben'ton,] told
us we had been twenty yiais and more disputing
the title to this territory. Very well; but the bill
introduced by the late senator from Missouri, [Mr.
Linn,] was passed at a time when there was no
pending negotiation on the subject. Now, how
does the matter stand? A minister sent here by the
British government for the express purpose of set-
tling this question of title to Oregon, is now in ne-
gotiation upon the subject with the American Sec-
retary of State. It is a question pending; and the
President of the United States is to i nibrm us of its issue
in his message. Should the senate, therefore,
in the present aspect of this question, entertain
a provision which, if adopted, would, in the opinion
of intelligent gentlemen, violate the. treaty stipula-
tions between the, two countries? Should we now
proceed and legislate upon this subject, when we
have acreptcd the proposition of Great Biitain to
settieit by negotiating These were the difficulties
which were piescnted in proceeding upon the. suh-
jectattlns time The provision was still in the bill,
which conflicts with our treaty stipulations. Should
we, in that aspect of the ease, while a negotiation
is pending before our very eyes, proceed to legis-
late upon the point most likely to give cause of dis-
satisfaction to England? He thought before, that
such a provision in the bill could give 110 just cause
for dissatisfaction; and should a^ain think so when
the negotiation closes. But, although satisfied that
our title is the only good title—nay more, being un-
v.-iiline, under any circumstances, to yield one foot
of ground, to which we have a real and undisputed
title—he must acknowledge he was unwilling, in
the present coo-lnion of this question, to legislate
npoo a bill like the piesent, without at least giinig
an opportunity to the appropriate committee having
charge of our fore'scn relations, to investigate the
matter, find see how far it conflicts with those rela-
tions. He confessed he was unwilling to legislate
upon this question until rlic negotiation should be
brought to a close; and if it should be closed, ac-
cording to the opinion of his friend from Virginia
[Mr. Archer] and other gentlemen before the pres-
ent session of Congress, then he should be willing
so to legislate as to have it settled. If it were a
mere question of jurisdiction—of extending our ju-
. risdtctiori over the territory about which there was
rio dispute when the subject was up before—then
the question which would present itself here would
be altogether diffeiei.t.
He was not so anxious to legislate upon
this subject, before the negiciat on closes, as to ex-
ercise that power w hen it in vol es peace or war—a
conflict between this government aid another, with
which we are now Ft peace. He was anxious, at the
present stags of affairs to, remain uf on as friendly
[4]
terms as possible with that government. If Con-
gress should be called upon to extend our jurisdic-
tion over the Territory of Oregon, when this negotia-
tion closes—then, in ths£ aspect of the case, the
proper time shall have arrived for legislation upon
the subject; and he would not hesitate to assert and
maintain our territorial rights. At present, he was
willing to let it rest until the proper time should
comc.
■ He had attempted to show the Senate that hereto-
fore, when this question was discussed, it did not
occupy the position which it now occupies. There
had been no time when it was before the Senate,
pending a decision of the question of title. As to
the question whether the Committee on Foreign
Relations, or a select committee to be appointed by
the President of the Senate, was the most appro-
priate committee for the reference, he submited with
all possible respect, that a subject involving as this
did a question depending upon the provisions of
this bill, which in the opinion of the Senate might
conflict with the peaceful relations between the two
governments, should, under these circumstances, go
to the Committee on Foreign Relations. Why
send it to a select committee? Did the honorable
senator who suggested that reference suppose it
could be made more perfect there than it is? Fol-
lowing, as the honorable senator from Missouri [Mr.
Atchison] very properly did, in the footsteps of
the gentleman who had preceded him here [Mr.
Linn]—for the present bill was in substance the
same as that which was introduced by that lamented
senator, who, by a committee acting with him, and
with all his influence and knowledge of the subject,
had perfected it—he (Mr. M.) would ask who,
after that honorable senator had had it under his
rare, would attempt to make that better which he
had perfected, and which had passed the Senate?
He saw no reason why it should go to a Select
Committee. The difficulty seemed to turn on one
solitary point—whether there were not in this bi!i
certain provisions which would come in conflict
with our Foreign Relations? Now, he thought they
did; and for that reason he should vote for the
pending motion.
Mr. FOSTER of New York remarked that, if
the motion now pending was, to lay the bill on the
table, or if the discussion had arisen on the question
of ordering the bill to be|engrossed, the observations
of the senators on the other side, opposed to its
progress, would be more appropriate than they now
were. The form of business m legislative bodies
was very simple and easily understood. If the ob-
ject was to suspend action at any stage of a hill, the
most appropriate mode of doing it would be by mo-
tion to lay it on the table. If circumstances were
such as that it. was not fit and proper to have any
action, the time to arrest its progress was after its
second reading, because then the merits came up for
consideration. At that stage of the bill amotion to
lay on the table would be the proper one for sus-
pending action. But the question now was, as to
what subordinate division of the Senate the bill
shall be committed for the purpose of perfecting its
details. It was not denied that the parliamentary
course was to send the bil! to a committee interested
in maturing it, or at least to a committee which docs
not entertain unfriendly feelings towards its
objects. The motion now under considera-
tion proposed to send it to a eonv^.ttee unfa-
vorable to Us purpose, as shown by its members
who have advocated the motion. There was
no necessity for sending it to that committee on the
present occasion, m any view of the case; for, if
the object he delay—as it avowedly is—who ever
heard it suggested before, that when a parliamentary
body wished to delay a subject, U should bo sent to
a committee, rather than retain it in their own
hands? Or, if the object of sending a bill to a com-
mittee is to forward action upon it, who ever heard
of a parliamentary body givmg such a direction to a
bill for the mere purpose of letting it slumber till the
end of a session?
The Senate was told, however, that this was a
matter of great delicacy; and that, under the exist-
ing relations between tins country and another coun-
try, we should delay or postpone our action alto-
gether for the present. Suppose the pr p sition were
to be conceded that this bill, among na de tails, em*
braces the very question now pending between this
country and Great Britain, and that negotiations are
now going on for the nurpose of settling every ques-
tion about Oreg- n Territory, which has so iong
agitated the two countries; and suppose this bill pro-
vide4 for extending the jurisdiction of this country
even to the boundary claimed by Russia on the
north; what objection can there be, even in' this
case? Why should it create any excitement oh the
part of Great Britain? Did she refrain from passing
a law so extending her jurisdiction for the protection
of her subjects, lest it would create excitement in
this country? "What was there in our action of
greater force to cause her excitement, than there
*Vas in her action to cause ours? It had been asked
on the other side, as if the question was eohclusive,
whether we had given notice of abandoning the
treaty of joint occupation. It should ha,ve been
asked whether Great Britain had given us any such
notice previous to the passage of her law entending
her jurisdiction over the territory. If she did not
deem notice necessary, why should we? If it be
alleged that we should not pass a law something like
that passed by Great Britain, he (Mr. F.) would
also ask, had -she repealed he r statute previous to
the present negotiation? If she has not, how can she
take offence if wc, on our part, take action, and
make a similar law after a lapse of twenty-three
years? He had no apprehension that Great Britain
would either consider herself injured, break off her
negotiation, or deem herself insulted, because this
government, after twenty-three year3 of forbearance,
should interfere, and put the same construction, on
the treaty of joint occupation which she herself had
put upon it. It is not to be supposed she can take
umbrage at this tardy action on our part, after her
own action of twenty-three years.
Now, let him meet the question propounded by
the senator from Virginia. Suppose this bill should
be passed, and become a law, by receiving the sanc~
tion of the executive as well as of the legislature,
and that by it we were to extend our jurisdiction up
to the boundary lme claimed by Russia on the north:
what bar could that interpose between the two gov-
ernments in adjusting a treaty which would super-
sede the law?
How was it when the Maine treaty was negotia-
ted? Were not the laws of this country extended
over a portion of the territory, and also the laws of
Great Britain, and were not they exercised often in
antagonist instances? Yet there was no difficulty in
adjusting a treaty. Cannot the treaty-making power
overrule the laws of both countries, although we, on
our part, claimed a boundary much farther
north than we do, and Great Britain a boundary
much farther south than she does? Cannot the
treaty-making power define and adjust both bounda-
ries. When the executive shall have adjusted these
boundaries, will it not have the effect of annulling a
portion of both laws. Up to the boundaries so de-
fined the law will remain permanent till repealed or
altered by legislative action. The whole question
of disputation about jurisdiction or boundary will
be set at rest by treaty. The honorable chairman of
the Committee on Foreign Relations is much more
fearful of the effect of legislation upon the pending
negotiation than the chief executive officer of the
goverment, who is an acting party in that negotia-
tion, appears to be; for that executive functionary, in
his annual message, invites and advises legislation
this session upon the subject to which this bill re-
lates. The chief magistrate who has control of the
negotiation—the chief actor on the American side—
desires no delay. He has already witnessed the
prejudices to rmr imprests growing out of twenty
odd years' delay. He has seen Great Britain
strengthening herself in that Territory. He has
seen negotiation upon negotiation fail in regard to
the questions at issue during that time; ana, if he
[Mr Fostek] recollected right, one foreign minister
who came heie, as we expected, to settle these diffi-
culties as well as others, instead of doing so, con-
fined himself chiefly to the treaty about the Maine
boundary, stating that he was not authorized
to treat at all on the subject of Oregon. Now,
when it is said the Prfsident hopes for a fa-
vorable issue to the negotiation, and we see at
the same time that in his annual message he
calls to our notice the necessity of providing
for an adverse result, who can tell whether there
will not be some necessity for prompt action after
the middle of February, for which event we should
be prepared by having our measures matured? Now,
if we suspend our action, some question of mere,
etiquette may also suspend the negotiation, and
then we can have no legislative action for another
year, still giving Great Britain more time for
strengthening herself in the territory, and incre*sing
the bonds which bind her to it.
Who ever heard that the sending of an act of
mere domestic legislation on our part, to a select
