Jan. 1845.
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE,
m
28th Cong 2d Sess.
The Public Land Bill—Mr. Chapman.
H. of Reps.
each in behalf of his own section of the country,
and each testify to the operation of a general law, as
it worked in his own State and his own district.
Those of course could speak of the settlement of
new lands who came from those quarters of the
country where new lands were settled. Thegentle-
man from Maryland [Mr. Causin] had asked in
somewhat of a triumphant tone, how, and by
whom, the public lands had been acquired? and liad
answered his own question by saying that they had
been won by the toil and blood and precious lives
of our brave revolutionary fathers. And what spe-
cial interest had the-new States in them? Mr. C.,
in turn, would ask that gentleman what better right
had he and his constituents in what he called a trust
fund, from its having been won with the blood spilt
by his fathers, more than Mr. C. had, whose fath-
er's blood had flowed as freely as his, because (said
Mr. C.) their descendant chanced to have his home
in one of the new States?
[Mr. Causin here explained; disclaiming for the
old States any exclusive, but a common, interest
with the new in the public domain.]
Mr. Chapman said that the gentleman had cer
tainly called upon the members of the old States to
mark the special zeal of gentlemen from the new
in behalf of this bill; and Mr. C. had replied to this
that nothing could be more natural, since western
gentlemen had reason to be best acquainted with the
working of the land system
But the first inquiry was, did gentlemen really de-
sire that the lands should be solcP If a man came
into a horse market, and another came up to him,
his first inquiry was whether he wanted to sell or
swap his horse; because, if he did not want to do
either, there was no use of proposing terms, or
talking any more about it. Mr. C. asked whether
the government did actually desire to sell the lands?
Now, from the extended and expensive machinery
put in operation for the avowed purpose, costing
some five or six hundred thousand dollars a year—
more than twenty-five per cent, upon the gross
amount of sales, it would seem that there was some
wish to sell; but from the pice demanded for there-
fused lands, one would come to a different conclu-
sion. Gentlemen opposed'to this bill express sur-
prise that any one should refuse one dollar and a
quarter an acre for land. Mr. C. said he felt that
ignorance must be very great indeed on this subject
among those who expected the same price for poor
land that the most ferule had brought. A merchant
who has a stock of new goods sells off as much of
his stock as he can at his marked prices; when the
stock is complete, and the goods new, he can, per-
haps, realize his price; but, after they have been
picked and culled, the best taken and the remain-
der of an inferior quality he finds he cannot sell at
his first price. If he is a thrifty merchant he will
not fail to sell off what remains at less profits, or
even without profit. Ail will agree that such a
course woulu be to his interest. Why would
not the same policy work profitably m selling
out the public lands? But it is said that these refuse
lands will sell at the present price—the same price at
which the choice tracts were sold. As well may it be
contended that the shopkeeper who retails out of a
barrel of whiskey may, by putting in as much wa-
ter as he sells whiskey, perpetuate his stock, and
continue to retail at the same pric.o. Both proposi-
tions are destitute of the plainest dictates of com-
mon sense and juMicp. The h:ll under considera-
tion is designed to hasten the sale of the pnulic lands,
hv graduating the price aeeordn 2: to their value, and
confining the sales at the reduced rates to actual cul-
tivators of the soil. Mr. C. would not undertake to
say that this bill was perfect in all its details; on the
contrary, he thought it might be improved; but this
he would say, that the principle upon which it is
based is correct; that a change of the land system is
demanded by the country. If any gentleman would
take the trouble to examine the series of reports
coming from the Commissioner of the General Land
Office, he could riot avoid a conclusion, that such a
change, of the system is necessary. He would ask
the gentleman from Maryland, [Mr. Causi.v,] to
take up and answer the report of Mr. Norvcll, for
example; in which, by an able and convincing argu-
ment, that gentleman had demonstrated that under
the existing land system the title of the United
States in the public, lands could never be extinguish-
ed. Now all gentlemen coming from the. new States
felt thi? as a very great evil; and Mr. C. had often
trembh d when he reflected that, owing to the strong
local interest of his constituents on this subject, he
^•£3 jjot as free as a representative on that floor
ought to be to express himself on all the
great questions of public interest. He would
explain what he meant. Since he hod been honor-
ed with a seat on this floor, while he had acted
firmly, and discharged his duty, by giving his votes
independently, he had endeavored to restrain him-
self from taking the share which otherwise he
would have desired to do in debating great questions
on which parties were divided, lest, by doing so, he
should raise up adversaries who might on that ac-
count be disposed to resist him when he came t©
plead in behalf of those measures in which his own
constituents had such a peculiar concern. The re-
port to which he had alluded advocated the sale of
these lands within the States, because the existing
state of things kept the new States in a condition of
dependency injurious to the interests and unfriendly
to the character and enterprise of their inhabitants.
The gentleman from Maryland [Mr. Causin] con-
sidered this bill as but little betier than that intro-
duced by Mr. Calhoun in the Senate a few years
ago; but if he would examine the data upon which
Mr. Calhoun's bill proceeded, he would find that, in-
stead of its proposing to give to the new States the
unsold lands, it exacted from them as an equivalent
every dollar of their value.
Mr. C. said he knew perfectly well that to pro-
pose any measure of graduation and reduction ex-
posed a man at once to the cry of "Mad dog," and
raised in the minds of most members from the old
States such a prejudice that they refused to investi-
gate. This is an old subject in Congress; it has
been brought up every year; and yet it. is not even
now understood, because of this prejudice. He
entreated gentlemen to look into it—investigate it,—
and they must become convinced thatsomething must
bo done. If the details of the plan are not acceptable,
it is no reason why gentlemen should go against the
principle of the measure, when the necessity
of a change is so manifest. He considered this as
unfair legislation. If the fundamental principle of
the bill was correct, it was the duty of a patriotic
legislator to labor to perfect the details, and not de-
stroy a measure, the substance of which is correct,
because it was accompanied by some defective pro-
visions. The people in the new States could not
comprehend why Congress would not make a re-
duction in the price of refused lands. Mr. C. said
that when he wegt home he was asked by his con-
stituents, Why, in the name of Heaven, have you
not reduced the price of the poor lands? And he
had to tell them that they knew nothing of the dif-
ficulties of carrying such a proposition; that a Mas-
sachusetts man could not be made to believe that
any acre of land was not worth a dollar and a quart-
er, because lands in that part of the country were
valuable, not fiom their fertility, but from their lo-
cation. The people in the West do not appreciate
the strong prejudice raised here the moment a west-
ern man proposed a reduction. It is often said in
this House, in the course of debates on the tariff, by
those who advocate the protective policy, that an
ounce of practice is worth a pound of theory. They
say this because they know that those who oppose
that policy have not had the opportunity of putting
their theories into practice—tariff-men always insist-
ing on presenting them as the duties of a beautiful
but impracticable theory; but it is the maxim of the
tariff-men, and they are. generally the opponents of
the graduation and reduction of the price of lands,
lie thought it fair, on this occasion, to quote their
own maxim upon them, and insist that in this case
an ounce of practice was worth a pound of theory.
Now on ?his su!\j:ct (Mr. C. said) he wps hrppy
to have it in his power to present to gentlemen
a practical case; and he entreated them to listen
while he explained the practical effect of the grad-
uating system, as it had been reduced to actual ex-
periment. There was one case, and only one, where
the practical effect of this mea^iue had been fairly
tested. In the treaty with the Chickasaw Indians—
a treaty that has received the almost unanimous as-
sent of Congress, the lands purchased from that
tribe were subjected to graduation in price-—gradua-
tion much more sudden as to time, and greater as to
amount, than this bill proposes, and, consequently,
it is a still stronger case. The article of the treaty
referred to is as follows:
TREARY WITH- THE CHTCKASAWS OF 1832.
"Art. S As the fhicka«-a\\s have determined to sell
their country, it i« desirable that the nation real)7e the
greatest po ?Mble sum for their lands which can be obtained
it is thesefore proposed and agreed to that, after the Presi-
dent shall have offered their lands for sale, and shall have
sold all that will sell for the government price, then the
price shall be reduced, so as to induce purchasers to buy
who shall not take the land at the government minimum
price; and it is believed that five years from and after the
date of the first sale will dispose of all the lands that will
sell at the government price. If, then, at the expiration of
five yeais, as before mentioned, the Chickasaw nation may-
request the President to sell at such reduced price as the
nation may then propose, it shall be the duty of the Presi-
dent to comply with their request by first offering at public,
and afterwards at private sale, as in all other cases of sell-
ing public lands."
Mr. C. said he would show the working of the
system. He had a letter from the Commissioner of
the General Land Office, who had the management
of the business, which showed a degree of success
in the operation of the system, that must satisfy all
the world of its advantages over the present general
system. The letter was read a3 follows:
"General Land Office,
"December 28, 1844.
"Sir: In reply to your inquiry of the 26th instant, I have
the honor to sta e that the entire area of the Chickasaw ces-
sion is, acres • - -* - 6,718,586.27
Of which there are covered by Indian reserva-
tions about - 3,400,000 00
Leaving subject to sale • . • 4,318,686.00
"The first public sale in the cession took place in Janu-
ary, 1836; the second in October following. At these two
sales about three quarters of the cession were offered. The
lands first, offered graduated to $1 per acre in January, 1837;
those offered at the second sale graduated to $1 in October,
1837, up to which last mentioned period there wereaold,
(including another small public sale in June, 1837,) 1,439,304
acre-?, at an average of $1 62 per acre.
"From the 1st October, 1637, to the end of 1840, m which
last mentioned year the lands offered at the two principal
sales first mentioned graduated to 12£ cents per acre, there
were sold, (including two other public sales of small por-
tions of the cession) 1,382,388 acres, at an average of 38
cents per acre; and from the end of 1840, to the 30th Sep-
tember, 1844, there were sold (including a public sale in.
May last) 514,719 acres, at an average of 24 cents per acre.
"It is proper here to state thatallthe lands offered at the
pubhc sales previous to the sale of May last had gradu-
ated to 12£ cents per acre more than a year before that sale,
with the exception of some tracts temporarily withdrawn
from market.
"The aggregate quantity sold, from the commencement
of the sales in 1836 to 30th September last, is 3,336,412 acres,
and the general average price about 90 cents per acre.
"Very respectfully, your obedient servant,
"THOS. H. BLAKE, Commissioner.
' 'Hon. R. C hapmax, House of Kepresentatives.'' *
Here, Mr. C. said, was an exhibition of the result,
in practice, of the best and fullest test that could be
desired, of the efficacy of the graduation system.
The opponents ofthis bill accuse its friends of de-
parting from the present land system without any-
just reason. The fact was not so. They were not
acting blindly or fancifully in the matter, but from
the light of experience. The system had been tried,
and worked well. Out of the whole mass of these
Chickasaw lands, amounting to 4,318,556 acres,
(exclusive of reservations not subject to graduation,)
all had been sold already except 989,174 acres. More
than four-fifths had been sold, and taken up by
actual settlers at an average of about ninety cents
per acre; and of that which remains, a portion of it
had been lately offered for sale. Where, Mr. C.
asked, can you find, under the present land system,
any portion of the public domain so rapidly settled
as the Chickasaw country? and where have your
lands been sold out as closely, or for as much
money5
Mr. C. was informed by a gentleman who resides
in this Chickasaw country, [Mr. Thompson, from
Mississippi,] that there was no portion of the West
and Southwest which was flourishing to the same ex-
tent, and none where there was the same influx of
population as in that cession. He spoke of course
comparatively, for no poilion of the South or South-
west was now prosperous, when the staple was at a,
price less than the actual cost of production.
Mr. C. had often heard appeals made by members
from the new States to the justice of this House.
They had depicted the suffering condition of the peo-
ple on account of the high prices of the public lands
—the loss their States sustained for the want of the
power to tax the unsold lands &c.; but Mr. C. said
he had been a member of this House a great many
years, during which time he had learned, that all
such appeals were in vain—they were unheeded.
But theie was one argument, and our only, that
might reach the members from the old States who
were in the habit of opposing this measure, and he
would try that: it was an appeal to their own inter-
ests—their packets. Looking at the subject then m
a mere fiscal point of view, and throwing out of the
calculations the obligation of the government to
adopt such a plan as shall sell and settle the lands
according to the deeds of cession, and the compacts
with the States, it could be demonstrated that grad«
