'■'?£ t
54
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
Jari;'*845.~
28th Cong 2d Sess.
The Public Land Bill—Mr. T. Smith.
H. of Eeps.:
debate, and prove to be a matter of great uncertain-
ty. It is relied upon by its friends as a measure of
justice to thepeople, without reference to the effect it
may have upon the treasury. It is intended by it
to impress upon our land system a principle of
equity and justice known and recognised amongst
individuals. It is a practice, in the common trans-
actions of men, and it is a dictate of common sense,
that the man that goes into the market with an arti-
cle must take the market price, and must expect
value only in proportion to the quality of the ar-
ticle.
What would be said by this community of an in-
dividual who had the monopoly of the market of
this city in any particular article of prime neces-
sity, and who should oceupy every stall in the mar-
ket-house, to the exclusion of all others, with arti-
cles good, bad, and worse, all at the same price,
■without" any regard to quality, and who would
doggedly sit the market out from day to day, and
wait the promptings of hunger, and the necessity of
of the people to compel them to buy, and to give as
much for the bad article as for the good, as much
for the worst as for the best' The whole commu-
nity could not possibly fail to see the great injustice
of such conduct, and speedy measures would be
taken to reform the evil. Now, sir, this is the evil
we complain of • in the sale of the public lands.
"Uncle Sam" has all the public lands in the market;
and, without regard to justice, adheres to the above
principle, demands the same price for the good and
the bad, and is incessant in his demands, waiting
the necessity of the people to purchase; and, without
any abatement in price, takes as much for the bad
as the good; for the worst as for the best. This
bill is intended to correct this evil, and is intended
iy its friends to place the land sales on a basis of
greater fairness and equality.
Why should not government recognise those com-
men sense principles that regulate transactions
amongst individuals? Value for value, and value in
proportion to quality, is a principle of such univer-
sal applicability amongst men, in their^private af-
fairs, that they cannot escape from it if they would;
it adheres to them and pursues them in all their bu-
siness transactions. Sir, as soon as the government
parts with a tract or piece of land in the hands of
the first purchaser, and upon the very day of sale,
it takes value in proportion to its intrinsic quality
of soil or situation A man would be thought a fool,
or insane, that would ask, or even expect, as much
for an inferior piece as for a superior or good piece
of land. Shall the government be allowed to dis-
regard all the laws of common sense and common
justice, in its dealings with the people? I hope not.
But, sir, as to the first objection to the bill, if passed
into a law, that it will diminish the receipts into the
public treasury from the land sales: 1 think this
objection not well taj;en; it goes upon the as-
sumption that it will operate as a forthwith re-
duction of all the public lands; and this vio-
lent assumption is made to rest upon another
for its support, which 1 think equally unfounded;
that is, that when lands are brought into the
market, the people will forbear to purchase, and
stand off till they fall down within some one of the
degrees of graduation propostd by the bill, and then
buy them at very reduced prices. Such action and
concert amongst the people, if it could be effected,
might realize the objection. But such a thing never
has happened, and never will; it would contradict
the whole history of the process by which
the public domain has been sold and settled.
In many of the States the settler has gone in advance
of the surveyor, and at the present time he i al-
ways in advance of the public sales.
Such an anti-land conspiracy amongst the people
of this Und-mongering republic, as would reduce in
effect the first land sales, is not to be expected: at
them the wise farmer and shrewd speculator will
be found; and future first sales, under the operation
of this bill, will be found to equal the former sales.
But admit that less would be sold, at the maximum:
more would be sold at the medium; and much, very
much, brought into the market, and sold under its
provisions, that never will sell at present prices. In
this way I apprehend the treasury would be affected
but little one way or the -other. This hill will real-
ize as much mon&y to the treasury, as the former
laws, and do more justice to the people.
This brings me to speak of the land district in
•which I live—the mam object I had in view in
rising. I reside in one of the oldest land districts in
the State,of Indiana, the lands of which have been
in market thirty years and upwards; the lands have
been picked and culled, and repieked and recalled,
from the time they came into market, down to the
present moment. The consequence is that but com-
paratively little land, and that in small and d«tached
parcels, remains unsold; and the residuum is of the
very refuse, which is not saleable, and in my opin-
ion, will not sell at present prices—certainly not
now, perhaps never. But, sir, under the provisions
of this bill it would be taken, if a dread of State tax-
ation does not prevent the purchase. At the min-
imum of this bill it would not be taken in large quan-
tities for actual settlement; but it would be taken as
appendant to settlement: it is not of the quality to
induce the cultivator to purchase it; but the man
who has good land in its vicinity might take it at
the minimum of this bill, for the sake of ownership.
But, sir, these considerations, at present prices, will
not induce the settler to purchase poor appendant
land, because he does not dread competition; he
knows if any one would attempt to settle them they
must starve out; and he very well knows that the
speculator never takes hold of such bad bargains;
and feeling the injustice of the government, in hold-
ing them up at the same prices as those charged for
the good, he will not take them, but will use them
with impunity, not dreading competition or fearing
the enforcement of trespass against them by the gov-
ernment.
But, sir, if they are put down to their real value,
or nearly so, they will be bought for the sake of
ownership, for timber, pasturage, springs, &c. In
this way something will be brought into the
treasury from them; at present prices nothing need
be expected.
Mr. Chairman, it is matter of some surprise that
the friends of this bill support it on the ground that
it will do injury to no one, but will be of some ad-
vantage to the poor man; those who oppose it are
the friends of the poor man, too, but this would not
be their plan of affording him relief; because, they
say, it would only be enabling the rich speculator to
get more land with less money. Now, sir, in my
district this would not be the case, or I am entirely
ignorant of the situation of the unsold lands there,
or I have totally misconceived the true character of
the speculators. If the unsold lands in it are as
poor and worthless as I think they are, and specu-
lators as shrewd as they ought to he, they may re-
main there to doomsday, for aught they care; they
will not touch them.
This mad-dog cry against "speculators" is an old
and approved mode of opposition to the graduation
of the public lands, and on that account demands
more than a passing notice; a mere tip of the hat is
too slight a recognition of such an old acquaint-
ance.
I am told, sir, that in the Great West—in the Far
West—when those vast prairies are on fire, it is
common to fire against fire as a mode of self-pres-
ervation and protection against its ravages. An ap-
plication of this principle to the defence of this bill
might be of some service. A few hot shot thrown
into the enemy's Camp might make them unmask
themselves; and it might appear that this cry was got
up by the speculators themselves to prevent any ac-
tion upon this important subject. To understand
men, we must understand their motives and their
interests.
Then, sir, what is a speculatoi? A man in hu-
man shape, all head and no heart—a man that
thinks all, and feels not anything that does not
affect his interest. Speculators I'sually have money,
or the means at hand of commanding it; their busi-
ness is to take advantage of men, time, and circum-
stances, to make a profitable investment of their
money. The very idea of a "speculator" carries
the mind beyond the investment of funds at com-
mon xiiteiest. Common inteiest is a term too
limited in signification to convey an idea of a "spec-
ulator." Sir, if I am right in my conception of a
speculator, and of speculating operations, I am
quite sure the resident, and the poor man desiring
to make an actual settlement on the poor refuse
lands, are quite safe from their interference.
An investment made in those lands, except for
the purposes contemplated by this bill, would be the
very worst that could be made It would be like
"burying the talent;" for if it was returned at the
end of ten, twenty, or thirty years, it would be
without "usury." Their competition in the pur-
chase of those poor and refuse lands is not to be
dreaded. It does not belong to the history of the
public land sales that the speculators have ever burnt
their fingers in the monopoly of refuse lands.
But it is urged against this bill becoming a law
that it will disappoint the hopes of its friends, and'
the iust expectations of those intended to be Bene-'
fited by it. It will only (say they) enable the spec-
ulator to "get more land with less money." This
is a legitimate argument, and, if true, is entitled to
its proper weight. But the point is, is this a good
argument against the hill; or does it come from the
speculators themselves, and is, therefore, liable to a
well-grounded suspicion that it is insincere -and
hypocritical?
If, upon examination, it be seen they have art an
tagonist interest to the graduation and reduction of
any portion of the public lands, then surely the ar-
gument that speculators will be benefited by the
passage of it is not a good one, and this kind of
opposition may well be suspected of coming from
them.
It is believed that speculators always invest their
money with a view to the largest profits; and, as all
the lands are held and put into the market at the
same price, it is clear they would seize upon the
very best in the market; and the whole history of
their operations will confirm and establish the fact
that the speculators invariably do possess themselves
of the choice lands.
In advance of the public sales, land companies are
formed, with capitals large enough to frown down in-
dividual opposition. Their land agents are appoint,
ed and sent out into the public domain "to spy out
the land;" to explore its location; ascertain its quali-
ty of soil and eligibility of situation;-*-ail these
things, and many others, are carefully noted. Riv«
ers, lakes, water power for propelling machinery,
geographical eligibility for cities, seats of govern-
ment, and county seats, all—all are seized upon with
vulture-like rapacity on the first day of the land
sales.
Sir, if you would trace the operations of the spec-
ulators, you must go into the best regions of all the
West and South: in the South, the fine sugar and
cotton lands are their objects of desire; in the West,
alluvial lands, and lands in the vicinity of cities and
towns. In these localities you may trace the finger
of the speculators—never, no never, in the poor por-
tions of the land districts are they seen.
Sir, I maintain that it is true, almost without an
exception, that the speculators possess themselves
of the good lands, and never the bad, unless they
get them through mistake or misapprehension. If
this be true, then, what is their interest in reference
to the measure now before the committee? Why,
surely, it is that the inferior lands be kept up at high
prices in the market; and that the government rates
be kept (if you please) high; especially that they be
uniform, and not subject to reduction. The law, as it
now stands, drives actual settlers into the net the
Speculators have prepared for them—to buy of them
at speculation prices, or to buy of the government
inferior lands at nearly the same price, and without
any regard to soil or to situation. If the speculators
were to frame a law to be enacted for their benefit,
they could not better the existing one. What
is it, in essence and substance, but a guaranty on
the part of the government to the speculator
that inferior or refuse lands shall be kept in the mar-'
ket at the same price as the good? thereby operating
as a premium in favor of the good, to the extent of
the difference in the value of good and bad land.
With a skilful and practical farmer, this difference
is considered immense. A good acre of land is
cheaper at than a bad one at $1: productive land
to the intelligent cultivator is valuable, and the un-
productive not only valueless, but sometimes even
burdensome, in consequence of State taxation.
The value oi land is ascertained by its productive-
ness : that is worth most that will yield most to
the labor bestowed; that is totally valueless that
will not yield a crop sufficient to repay the wages of
labor bestowed, and the interest on the money in-
vested. Such considerations will ever prevent
speculations in poor land; they would not have
them at any price; tlicy are out upon that cry to pre-
vent the'passage of the bill. It is the mad-dog cry of
the speculators themselves to prevent its passage;
their interest is theft it shall not pass.
Sir, if I could perceive that the passage of this bill
would encourage speculation, I would not support,
il, for the spirit of speculation in the public lands
should be repressed. Let capitalists turn their cap-
ital in some other direction. In manufacturing,
mining, &c., there are ample opportunities for their
money and their skill. If i'.ie lands are to be mo-
nopolized, let them not fall into the hands of the
wealthy, and those that would hold them up for high
prices; Men who would divide them out into large
