Jan. 1845.
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
57?.:
28th Cong 2d Sess.
Annexation of Texas—Mr. J. R. Ingersoll.
H. of Reps;
might ensue were in the distant future, and human
nature, ever- prone to consider those of the day suf-
ficient for the day, put aside anything 1 ke a provis-
ion for theta. In the fulness of time they arose;
but in the long interval Louisiana had been paid for
and newly peopled; the brightest anticipations of
the country had been realized from the possession,
and another step only was wanting to make perfect,
and yet to sanctify the violation of the constitution.
The great river became itself an inland sea, and bore
upon its swelling bosom multitudes of vessels of
capacious burden, and was navigated by them in its
upward as well as its downward course with a cer-
tainty and a speed that had not even been imagined.
National interests were secured; national honor was
vindicated; and the whole region flourished. Its
prosperity, he trusted, would be uninterrupted. This
was the case of Louisiana. Let not an event, alto-
gether so different, be invoked as a precedent for the
voluntary measure now proposed.
Other supposed precedents had been mentioned,
on which it became him to bestow a passing notice.
He did not perceive how the cession of this ten
miles square for a seat of government, or the pur-
chase, by consent of State legislatures, of ground
for dock-yards, forts, magazines, and arsenals, could
affect the matter in hand. These were in terms pro-
vided for in the constitution. The gentleman from
Alabama [Mr. Belser] had supposed that, in point
of principle, two acres were as important as two
millions. It was not the extent, but the object; not
the acquisition itself, but the constitutional power to
make it, that created the difference.
[Mr. Belser said, in explanation, that when he
spoke of territory acquired by thegovernmen tfrom the
States, for the put pose of erecting "forts, magazines,
arsenals, dock-yards," &c., he well knew that Con-
gress could, by the constitution, exercise exclusive
legislation over all places purchased for such objects
by the consent of the legislature of the State in
which the same may be; yet he still contended that
Congress had, in many instances cited by him, giv-
en, by concurrent legislation, jurisdiction over the
same to the States, for winch the power was not ex-
press, but depended alone for its exercise on the doc-
trine of implication. He was reasoning only from
analogy when he used the argument, and so stated
at the time.]
Mr. Ingersoll proceeded to observe, that acts of
Congress to carry out treaties which required them,
or for any other purposes of supplementary legisla-
tion, were clearly within the scope of the constitu-
tion, though not expressly enumerated. But acts
of Congress to purchase foreign territory, merely to
increase the limits of the country, or to add citizens,
or to strengthen particular sections, were quite a dif-
ferent thing. They would require express constitu-
tional support. So far as the admission of new
States was concerned, it was given in terms. What-
ever could be brought within that clause was lawful.
It derived no additional force from the consent
of any States, except those within whose ju-
risdiction, or by whose junction it was to be
effected. There was no danger of the States be-
ing deprived of their power. Our system is endan-
gered by too much centrifugal influence; that is the
rock on which this government will split at last.
Every succeeding year has proved how idle were
the fears once harbored of consolidation. Experi-
ence had now fully demonstrated that the great
perils of the republic arose from tendencies of the
parts of the body politic to fly off from the centre,
and not from centralization.
An important and, as he conceived, not difficult
branch of the argument, consisted in a proper un-
derstanding of the question of boundary. A mis-
take (he apprehended) on this subject had given
rise to the term re-annexation, and all the seduc-
tions which its coinage had occasioned. The shal-
low plausibility was, that Texas, having once be-
longed to the United States, material difficulties in
the way of a primary acquisition would be over-
come by showing it to be secondary. The preten-
sion would overlook a string of propositions, in
themselves perfectly sound, even if it were itself
tenable. If ever acquired, it was acquired by treaty;
and, by a well-known rule, by treaty it might law-
fully be relinquished. No one has pretended that
the well known particular boundary of the original
United States embraced any of the Spanish colonies.
If it had, a severance might indeed be difficult. In
disaffirming the supposed relinquishment of a com-
pact, according to another well-known rule, you
^re bound to disaffirm the acquisition also. If you
" pin the benefit, you must retain the burden; you
cannot take back the price you have paid for an ar-
ticle and keep the article itself. Where would be
the limit to revise settled agreements as to boundary?
The treaty of Washington establishes, permanent-
ly, it was hoped, a northeastern boundary. Agree-
ments with Texas herself fix the boundary between
two empires. Will you at a day, no matter how
distant, resume what you have excluded from,your
lines, for an ample equivalent in what you have in-
cluded, because some peculative eye discovers that
nature, in her silent operations, had marked the line
before the flood more or less straight, or more or
less obliquely, than the commissioners of the high
contracting parties? Have you forgotten that you
have stood by and seen, for five and twenty years,
the revolutions of neighboring States upon the
ground which they believed to be their's, because
you said so, but which, after they have given value
to it, you now interpose and claim to have been all
the time yours? Another well-known rule of jus-
tice says that, if it were yours, you cannot, without
positive wrong, retroactively make a claim which
you had more than tacitly induced the whole world
to believe you did not possess or you had aban-
doned. If Texas agrees to the resumption of claims
or awakened discovery of ownership, the matter is
no better. You have at least led Mexico into the
belief, in great simplicity, that she had claims wor-
thy of being legislated on, negotiated upon, and
fought for, and cannot avail yourself of her even
imaginary title to your own benefit. Her rights,
however small, are great to you, atid they must be
respected. Above all, is this republic, in the midst
of its vaporing about a regard for the rights of other
nations, to take or countenance the taking of what
docs not belong to her, because, forsooth, it is adja-
cent or otherwise convenient? If, as is actually the
case, a portion of Canada, or the whole of Cuba,
would be an agreeable addition to the soil of the
United States, from its shape or position, are you
going to take it and leave the deep disgrace of
the foray which accomplishes it to the reflection of
mankind?
As Mr. I. understood the question of boundary
in the view of the friends of annexation, it was
supposed that once the United States had rights be-
yond the river Sabine to the west, but that the trea-
ty 1819 contracted our borders to that river, and
thus curtailed a territory which had been at a pre-
vious time bought and paid for. The treaty of 30th
April, 1803, establishes no boundaries by measure-
ment or precise line. Louisiana is ceded, however;
and Louisiana was well understood from maps and
history, and possession and claim. It extended to
the Sabine, and it extended no further. It was a
piecise and certain position; liable neither to change
in the course of time, nor doubt from obliteration of
arbitrary or artificial marks upon the ground.
Rivers are a convenient border; and though they
sometimes shift their beds, yet nature seldom per-
forms that violence, and they are understood and
agreed to as natural boundaries. In the course of
time it became important to give to domestic legis-
lation certainty on this point, and an act of Con-
gress was passed upon the subject. Here was no
conflict with foicign nations. An option was pos-
sessed by the Congress of the United States to fix,
so far as this nation was concerned, tiie western line
of Louisiana exactly where it liked. It passed the
act of April 8, 1812, and provided that the boun-
daries of the State of Louisiana shall be as follows:
"beginning at the mouth of the river Sabine, thence by
a line to be drawn along the middle of the said river,
including all islands, to the thirty-second degree of
latitude; thence due north to the nothermnost part
of the thirty-third degree of north latitude; thence
along- the said parallel of latitude to the river
Mississippi; thence down the said river to the thirty-
first degree of north latitude; thence along the said
degree of latitude, to the eastern branch of Pearl
river; thence down the said branch to the Gulf of
Mexico; thence by the said Gulf to the place of
beginning, including all islands within three de-
grees of the coast." Thus it stood upon self-se-
lected ground for about seven years in all its parts.
Then came the treaty of Florida, in which much
was acquired by the United States—on the east of
the Mississippi an important territory, which gave
the name to the treaty; on the northwest a vast
extent of unmeasured territory; on the southwest,
along the G'ulf, not an inch, except that instead of
making the middle of the Sabine the limit, the
western bank of that river was substituted, so as to
bring the whole of its waters within the limits of
the United States. The boundary line between the
two countries west of the Mississippi, that conven-
tion declares shall begin on the Gulf of Mexico, at
the mouth of the Sabine, as it was fixed by the act
of Congress - of 1812, in the sea, continuing north
along thq western bank of that river, instead of the
middle of it, according to the act of Congress, to
the thirty-second degree of latitude; thence by a line
due north to the degree of latitude where it strikes
the Rio Roxo of Natchitoches, or Red river; then
following the Rio Roxo westward to the degree of
longitude 100 west from London, and 23 from
Washington; then crossing the said Red river,'and
running thence by a line due north to the river Ar-
kansas; thence following the course of the southern
bank of the Arkansas to its source, in latitude 42
north; and thence by that parallel of latitude to the
South Sea.
While much was gained by this treaty, nothing,
so far as the Sabine was concerned, was lost. That
river was found in the act of Congress as the south-
western boundary, and it was left so in the treaty
which vouches Melish's map, published at Phila-
delphia, improved to the 1st of January, 1818.
Popular sentiment, scientific researches, and author-
itative legislation all concurred. Something besides
all these is found in the ebullitions of patriotic pride
which were uttered soon afterwards by that stem
and sterling veteran, James Monroe. The treaty
with Spain bears date February 22d, 1819. It was
formally ratified and confirmed by the King of Spain
oil the 24th of October, 1820. The Senate of the
United States advised and consented to the ratifica-
tion on the 19th of February, 1821; and it was for-
mally accepted, ratified, and confirmed by the Presi-
dent on the 22d of February, 1821. These dates
are mentioned to show how promptly the benefits
were claimed, proclaimed, and appropriated, al-
though now greater benefits are supposed to have
been abandoned. A few days after the final ratifica-
tion of the treaty, Mr. Monroe, on the 4th of March,
1821, delivered his second inaugural address as
President of the United States on the occasion of his
re-election for a another term. He dwells on the
subject of fortifications which it had been the policy
of Ins administration to extend along the whole
coast; and he draws the conclusion that by these
fortifications, supported by the navy, an armed front
would be presented to other powers from St. Croix
to the Sabine, "which would protect, in the event of
war, our whole coast and interior from invasion."
Alluding particularly to the treaty, he certainly did
not suppose that he had compromised the interests
of his country. After stating that great conficence
was entertained that the late treaty with Spain had
placed the relations of the two couutiies on a basis
of permanent friendship, he declares that the bound-
aries established between the territories of the par-
ties westward of the Mississippi had been settled on
conditions just and advantageous to both. And
again, in the same congratulating vein, he speaks of
the eminence of our physical attainments: "Twen-
ty-five years ago," says he, "the river Mississippi
was shut up, and our western brethren had no out-
let for their commeice. What has been the prog-
ress since that tune? That river has not only be-
come the property of the United States from its
source to the ocean, with all its tributary streams,
(with the exception of the upper part of the Red
liver only,) but Louisiana, with a fair and liberal
boundary on the western side, and the Floridas on
the eastern, have been eeded to us. The United
States now enjoy the complete and uninterrupted
sovereignty over the whole territory from St. Croix
to the Sabine." In all these different references to
the extent of the national soil along the gulf, the Sa-
bine is the ultima thule. Mr. I did not intend to
touch the question whether in the negotiations with
Spain, preparatory to the treaty of 1819, more could
not have been acquired. That would be foreign to
the present argument. He was endeavoring to es-
tablish the point that nothing was lost, not that all
was acquired which veteran diplomacy might have
compassed. Whether Spam would have yielded a
fata! dowry extending to the Colorado, or even to
the Rio Grande, was of no consequence. Did she
take from us what was our own? That alone'is the
inquiry. A comparison has been presented between
the act of 1812 and the terms of the treaty, and up-
on that he would cheerfully rest the question of re-
annexation.
A question had sometimes been made whether
annexation with Texas would lead to war with
Mexico. Mr. I. did not consider that to be a true
statement of the case. Annexation with Texas was
of itself and of necessity, war with Mexico. How
