APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
28th Cong 2d Sess.
Jmnm*
Annexation of Texas—Mr. Stetson.
H. of Reps.
coultt it be otherwise? A war existed between these
two countries. Whether civil or foreign in its na-
ture^ whether fiercely or sluggishly carried on, was
not the point- Different assertions and for differ-
ent purposes had been put forth. A rebellious prov-
ince in the eyes of the parent country was an eman-
cipated republic in its own. An extinguished war
for purposes of de facto independence, was a flagrant
one for purposes of humane interposition and gra-
tuitous protection. "Whatever was its character, it
must attach to the soil and the inhabitants, no mat-
ter what might be the flag under which they should
march to battle. A mere change of colors did not
- convert an enemy and a belligerent into a neutral.
Otherwise, it would be easy to escape the hazards of
war. IfTexas should become a part of the United
States, that part kept alive the war in which it was
engaged, and every part of the United States adopt-
ed and assumed it. The right hand cannot be at
war and the left at peace of the same body at the
same time. The only difference between the pres-
ent and the possible state of things would be, that a
distant, difficult, and almost inaccessible theatre of
war, narrow in its sphere and without temptation in
its objects, would become one of easy access and
rich incitement. Every inch of every sea might be
the arena; all the commerce of this great nation
might be the victim. Mexico might husband her
own finances and profit by the disposition of com-
missions to privateers of every country in Christen-
dom and elsewhere.
This nation has no right thus to expose the prop-
erty or the lives of its citizens in such a quarrel.
With a just cause of injured right, invaded territory,
or insulted honor, it has felt no fear to encounter
single-handed the mightiest power of the earth. The
God of battles has not frowned npon the bold de-
sign. A causeless, voluntary war, founded upon
interest or ambition, cannot expect the sanction or
the smiles of Heaven. Not even verbal indignity
could be offered as a poor excuse. The first insult
in the late correspondence at least—that between
Mr. Shannon and Mr. Rejon—came from our side;
we, if not too wise and too well bred, ought to
have been at least too proud and too politic to in-
dulge in it. If money would purchase a doubtful
title, why not pay it n®w? To buy property might
be fair and just, but to buy off a provoked though
feeble enemy, was what could not be submitted to
without disgrace.
War was at all times a deep calamity. The
groans of misery in a conquering as well as a con-
quered nation may be indistinctly heard in the mo-
ment of excitement, like the cries of the wounded 011
the field of battle, but they are not the less the proofs
of sorrowing hearts. This happy land has been
exempted from its utmost horrors; but let all Eu-
rope testify, from the frozen fields of Russia to the
fertile -valleys of the peninsula, how cruel has been
the fate of those whose rulers have, from any mo-
tive, let loose the dogs of war. If intestine quarrels
be added to the evils of invasion, no tongue can tell
the tale of wo. We are told of southern coalitions
to grow out of this arrangement—of divisions in the
future among ourselves. In this spirited and stub-
born race once cast the torch of discord, and no
limit can be imagined to the mis:hiefs that may en-
sue. Texas was to be the cau.«c of all these calami-
ties; Texas, that was now at war, and, if incorpora-
ted into our nation, brought directly its flames into
our bosom. No manifesto of hostilities was re-
quired or permitted. No herald need throw the
hostile spear across the border. Hostilities and an-
nexation meant the same thing, and existed at the
same moment. What a change was to be anticipa-
ted from the prosperity and peace that were now en-
joyed!
"Blood and destruction shall be so in use.
And dreadful objects so familiar,
That mothers shall but smile when they behold
Their infants quartered tv'ith the hand of war.
And this fonl deed shall smell above the earth
Like carrion men groaning forbunal."
The next argument m opposition to this measure
was one which Mr. I. approached not without hesi-
tation and delicacy. He well knew that, however clear
and emphatic a disclaimer he might put in, what he
should say in regard to it would be liable to be mis-
understood. Yet he must say that he would be op-
posed to this measure of annexation on the seoie of
slavery alone, were there no other reasons against it.
For the principles connected with that subject as it
now stood, and for adhering to the compromises of
the constitution in regard to it, Mr. I. was prepared
to stand. He would now say, as he had often said
before, that his feeble arm should ever be raised in
behalf of those principles of union which made
Massachusetts, with all her northeastern sisters,
which made South Carolina, and Georgia, and all
the South, one united nation. And he would say
to his brethren in either extremity of the Union, let
us 'hold together in firm and indissoluble union un- •
til our country sinks, if it must be so, in one general
ruin. But if it was proposed to carry abroad the
system of slavery beyond the provisions of the con-
stitution, he was ready, and would be among the
first to say, "Thus far shalt thou go, but no farther."
They were here under a law which declared that not
a slave should be admitted into the United States.
Yet now it was proposed at once to introduce not
less than twenty-five thousand slaves into the Uni-
ted States. Ana this, forsooth, by way of diluting,
and so diminishing the influence of slavery! This
same argument had been urged m the famous con-
flict on the Missouri question, hut it was denied
and derided, and that by many who were on the
slavery side in that contest. They insisted that it
was absurd to pretend that, by extending the area
of slavery, it could be diluted and destroyed. No;
instead of being destroyed, it would be, in the na-
ture of things, increased and multiplied; and for-
tunate would it be to the middle States, where slave-
ry was now much mitigated in its rigor—to those
States now advancing, as they supposed, towards
final deliverance from what they esteemed an evil,
if they did not become, not the holders and em-
ployers merely, but the breeders of slaves for the
distant South.
But, of all the arguments which could.be ad-
vanced in favor of such a measure as annexation,
the very feeblest and worst was that drawn from the
supposed benefits of an extension of our territory.
Had we not territory enough? Could not gentle-
men find land enough to satisfy them in that vast
and almost boundless region by which we were sur-
rounded, and over which centuries must roll before
it could attain the density of European population?
It had been spoken of by writers abroad as a yet
unexplored world; as an interminable solitude;
where activity might tire itself into tameness, and
where the fiercest and direst passions of the human
breast might sink into tranquillity amidst the sur-
rounding stillness. The dangers of such a Union as
ours increased with the increasing weight of its pon-
derous extremities. The more distant m space as
well as feeling any portion was from that great
heart which beat at the centre, the greater danger
was there of aberration and final separation. Surely
in these considerations but a poor argument could
be found for stretching our confines yet farther.
They were told that Texas, if added to the United
States, would present a wider extent for the cultiva-
tion of the great staple of the world. But what was
it that gentlemen from the South held up as the evil
of their day? Was it not over productions? Yet it
was proposed, and that in behalf of the South, to
swell that which they themselves declared to be al-
ready redundant—which they told us was already
produced m such overabundance that it would
scarce pay for the labor of cultivation.
Besides, what did we actually know respecting
this great alleged fertility of the new territory? Mr.
I. had lately had a conversation with a very intelli-
gent gentleman, a man of observation, and one who
knew the world, who had li-ted for the last eigh-
teen months on the soil of Texas, (he could not
vouch for the correctness of the information, but he
gave it as he himself received it,) and he gave him
to understand that so much of the country was cov-
ered with swamps and overflowed by marshes, with
rivers too shallow to drain them, that the produc-
tion of the great southern staple to any large extent
was a matter of doubt. Gentlemen talked about
the vast prairies in that country; but the prairies of
Indiana and Illinois were m all respects more availa-
ble than those of Texas.
Moreover, those who had looked into the question
doubted extremely whether the interposition of
Texas and its western wilds would afford us so great
a frontier protection as some seemed to imagine. It
was by no means certain that its frontier was bound-
ed by any such impassable desert as had been spo-
ken of. Through all that region there were frequent
rains, and this was inconsistent with the existence
of what we undeistood by the term desert. It was
not a sterile region, peopled with wolves, a howling
wilderness; there were throughout oases, fit at least
for the erection of military posts such as had con-
tributed to defend Spain against the forces of Napo-
leon; it would therefore be no impenetrable barrier
for our protection, and not so good a one as we al-
ready possessed in a civilized and thickly isettled re-
gion within our own limits, and an independent
friendly nation beyond.
The President, in his message, had argued in ba-
half of annexation from the strong attachment borne
by the people of Texas to this_ Union. Now, Mr.
I. was not going to say a' word against the pso-
ple of that country: some of them he had personal,
ly known and highly respected; but.the fact was
undeniable, that when Texas was to us a foreign
land, and likely so to- remain, they had abandoned
the Union to form new settlements under the law of
Mexico, or, perhaps more truly, in a country
without law. It was, therefore, not a little extraor-
dinary that an argument should be raised from
their strong attachment to the United States and its
government. They resided in the eSuntry which
had been their own free choice; a country wholly
separated from ours, and then likely to continue
separate for centuries to come. They went there to
make their fortunes, and to take their chance of war
or peace with the United States, but with no pros-
pect of annexation.
If it were true that one administration had encour-
aged the admission of Texas, or a desire for its ter-
ritory, the policy of General Jackson and Mr. Van
Buren was adverse to it. They were animated by
a desire to preserve entire neutrality between Texas
and her foe. Any direct interference might give
the appearance of being actuated by the selfish aim
of getting the country at last, when her soil should
have been improved and her social condition matur-
ed and elevated.
[At this point Mr. Ingersoli/s hour expired,and
he yielded the floor without having finished his ar-
gument.]
SPEECH OF MR. STETSON,
OF MEW YORK,
In the House of Representat ives. January 7, 1845—On
the joint resolutions reported by the Committee
on Foreign Affairs, proposing to annex the re-
public of Texas to the United States; and on the
amendments offered thereto by Mr. WELLER'and
Mr. Douglass.
Mr. STETSON having obtained the floor, said
he thanked the chairman of the committee for giv-
ing it to him. He agreed with many gentlemen
who had preceded him, that a very large portion of
one of the great political parties of the country earn-
estly desired the annexation of Texas to the United
States whenever it could be accomplished on proper
terms, and in a constitutional "manner. They be-
lieved that the union would be mutually advan-
tageous to the interests of both nations. He believed,
however, that no member on this lloer could frame
a plan of annexation that would include the terms
and accomplish the motives of all those-who were
favorable to the general proposition; aadhow many
there were that concurred in any set of terms, or
plan, he could not say. For himself, he desired the
annexation of Texas just so soon as it could be
constitutionally accomplished, on terms acceptableto
a majority of his constituents; but even if the mode
were constitutional in form, he could not vote for a
resolution or bill expressed in two lines, "Texas as-
senting, is hereby annexed to the United Statesfor
that would assume as practicable, what he believed
to be impracticable and improper, viz: the annexa-
tion of Texas to this country without any terms.
The position and condition of the two countries
made it very desirable that terms should be specified
whenever Texas was annexed. He believed this
measure would be accomplished with terms, he
hoped, in which the great body of the nation could
unite. But he had not sought the floor to discuss
the merits of this Texas question as to terms, but to
state to the committee as well as he could, an embar-
rassment which he encountered in acting on any
plan annexing Texas as territory, by act or resolu-
tion of Congress, or in making any contract with
her by act or resolution, as to the terms of admis-
sion, anterior to a proposition from her to be admit-
ted as a State. But before attempting to argue this
question, he would say that the gentleman from Il-
linois [Mr. Douglass] had taken one view of the
subject of annexation, which, if right, would make a
great difference with himself as to terms. If the
gestleman from Illinois was right," he did not know
but it was our duty to annex Texas, regardless of
all terms or conditions; for, according to that gen-
tleman's opinion, as well as language, the United
