60
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
28th Cong.... 2d Sess.
Annexation of Texas—Mr. Stetson.
Jan. 184&.
H. of Reps.*
■Again;
"Whatever, then, concerns our foreign relations—whaiev*
er rcquii es the consent of another nation—belongs to the trea.
ty power; can. only be regulated by it; and it is competent
to regOlate-Bll such subjects; provided (and here are its
true limits) sych regulations are not inconsistent with
thecoiistitution " "It has for its object contracts with foreign
nations'; 'as the powers of Congress have, for their object,
wh^teyer Can be done in relation to the powers dehgated
to- it, without the consent of foreign nations. Each in
its proper- sphere operates with genial influence; bnt
when they become erratic, then they are portentous and
dangerous. A treaty never can legitimately do that which can
be done by law; and the converse is also true."-~Elliott's Deb.,
vol. 4., p. 274-5.
Te say that the matter of these resolutions is not
the proper matter for a treaty, is to say that Mr. Jef-
ferson was in error, Mr. Monroe in error, Mr. Tyler
in error—compels us to abandon the ground f
precedent, and adopt the reasoning of distingui -
ed members of the Senate, hostile to the acquisition
of foreign territory in any form, and who have
culled fanciful arguments to show that "the treaty"
is not a treaty.
But (said Mr. S.) let us examine and see to what
results this doctrine of legislative contracts, and
taking a part at a time, as the mere incidents of
the power to admit new States, if true, will conduct
us?
The fiower in Congress is to admit new States;
• and its literal meaning would seem to imply noth-
ing more than to receive, with the right to decide
upon the terms of admission, when the State is
brought in at once.
The whole power can take effect without the ex-
ercise of the incidental or minor power, as it is call-
ed, as there is ample territory within the United
States on which it can operate; or the power of
Congress to make war may, by conquest, or the
treaty-power by bargain, bring foreign territory
within reach of the specific power to admit new
States.
It is clear that when Congress admits a new
State, it admits territory or land with it. Allow that
you may admit land alone, as a minor part: yet that
does not go one step to establish a right in Congress
to make a legislative contract with a foreign nation
for the land; for it is not proved that Congress has
power to make such a contract to obtain a State,
though it may admit one.
To say that, because territory is part of a State
when admitted, you may therefore not only admit
the territory alone, but make a contract with a for-
eign nation for it by resolution, and set up a terri-
torial government, is to say that the power to ad-
mit a new State is equal to any exigency of obtain-
ing any land, out of which we may desire to have a
State.
And the gentleman from Virginia [Mr. Bayly]
contends, as I understand him, that the simple pow-
er (o admit, is competent of itself to obtain any of
the ingredient parts of a State sepal ately, to the ex-
tent that the power of war could acquire them by
conquest—that is, where a legislative contract could
produce the same end. It appears to me that, by
that mode of reasoning, you would make any one
of the distinct grants of power in the constitution
equal to all the others. He admits that the means,
or incident, should be such as "are absolutely necessa-
ry." I agree to that, when it is applied to the strict
given power to admit; but his error is in assuming
that the means which he may consider "absolutely
necessary" to obtain Texas as territory, under the
exigency of the case, are identical with means
which are only absolutely necessary to admit a new
State. Territory is no more aminor part of a State,
than the people that inhabit it. And if you may take
the minor part alone, and this doctrine of legislative
contract is true, you may, by resolution, pledge any
terms with Texas, Mexico, England, or Russia, for
unoccupied lands as one minor part; and by another
legislative contract with China, bargain for the in-
habitants to people it; and the contract may be made
to include people yet unborn; and give, as the con-
sideration, numerous regulations touching the inter-
course between the two nations.
All this might be necessary "io carry into execution
the foregoing power." The power in Congress to
admit States, would thus become, like a duty to raise
corn or make cloth, including as incidents the
necessary power to obtain by contract any of the
separate things which might be used in the produc-
tion of the one, or the manufacture of the other.
The gentleman from Illinois [Mr. Douglass] re-
fers to the power given to Congress "to borrow
money on the credit of the United States," and in-
quires if any one. doubts that Congress might, by act,
borrow it of a foreign nation? It would, at least, be
a very inconvenient mode of negotiating a loan,
however competent an act might be (and it would
be competent for that) to provide a security for re-
payment. But this power to borrow ought also to
have its incidents, or lesser parts; and borrowing
money includes the receipt of money, which might
give Congress, under the power to borrow money,
the right to pass resolutions, arranging stipulations
with foreign nations for indemnity for spolia-
tions of our commerce. The constitution grants
to Congress the power "to coin money;" but
because the power eould not be exercised upon
the products of a particular mine beolnging to Brazil,
a legislative contract, involving complicated stipu-
lations touching the debts of Brazil, &c., might be
made by resolution, so as to obtain the mine.
There is also the power in Congress to declare
war; and if I understand the learned member from
Virginia, [Mr. Bayly,] he says, "it has always
been admitted in the administration of the govern-
ment, that that power carries with it the power of
doing whatever tends directly to prevent it." Now,
under that power, suppose Congress, as an incident,
sets up the right by resolution to contract with for-
eign nations for peace and amity; such contracts
tend directly to prevent war: the question is, can
Congress make the contract?
When we look at the enumerated powers of Con-
gress, we find that they include all the powers neces-
sary to make us an independent sovereign power,
especially as it regards foreign nations; and if it was
true that, under the power given to Congress to admit
new States into the Union, we can make a contract
with a foreign nation, the same latitude of construc-
tion was applicable to each of the other specific
powers; and thus legislative contracts would be
made to coyer the whole ground of foreign inter-
course, and would leave nothing for the exclusive
action of the treaty power. The whole subject-mat-
ter on which a treaty could be made, would disap-
pear piece-meal.
The treaty power, as a separate substantive power,
would be crowded out of the constitution, or exer-
cised only by permission from Congress; and yet
we fountTthe power there in the constitution,granted
as an exclusive power, and that a treaty is the su-
preme law of the land.
Sir, (said Mr. S.,) if we may thus, by construc-
tion, extend our specific power so as to put in
jeopardy, if not extinguish, the treaty power, he
begged to know what Congress might not do; and
what was the value or meaning of strict construc-
tion?
The first paragraph of the 8th section of article
of the constitution reads as follows:
'•The Congress shall have power to lay and collect taxes,
duties, imports, and excises, to pay the debts and provide
for the common defence and general welfaie of the United
States."1
In former days, a portion of the political party-
opposed to us endeavored to maintain that the
phrase, "and provide for the common defence and
general welfare of the United States," conferred
upon Congress a separate substantive power, and
that under it they might do anything which in their
opinion would provide for the common defence or
promote the general welfare.
But, sir, in the end our political adversaries
yielded the question, and the most learned commen-
tators among them, now admit that the words
"in order," or equivalent words, are implied in the
paiagraph, so as to make the whole read thus:
"The Congress shall have power to lay and collect
taxes, duties, imposts and excises," in order "to pay
the debts, and provide for the common defence and
general welfare of the United States." That was
the first and greatest victory of strict construction
over a "latitude" that would have consolidated the
sovereignty of the States in federal power. But
what was the next step? It was contended by the
Iriends of wide construction, that though the words
"and provide for the common defence and general
welfare," were only a limitation upon the power to
tax and appropriate, yet it was a grant to appro-
priate as they might sec fit within that limitation,
and that under it they could appropriate the public
money to a wide system of internal improvements
—education and the general welfare.
But here they were met, by the friends of strict
construction, with the argument that these objects of
appropriation were not named or included within
the distinct enumerated powers: and that the phrase
"and provide for the common defence and general
welfare" was to be read with the implied words
"in manner following"—or, that is to say, solas'
to limit the power of appropriating the< pub&
money to the inseperable objects contained in -the
enumerated powers which follow the first para-
graph. This was the second victory ofdemocratic
construction on that part of the constitution. But
now if, within the conceded powers of the general
government, you may,, by construction, break down
the barriers of the constitution granting particular
powers to particular departments, and let one exer-
cise the functions or encroach on the ground of tHc
other, why may you not, by analogy, extend and
enlarge the exterior boundaries of the whole power,
so as to allow Congress to do what it may will?
To me, sir, it seems that the argument in favor of
incidental and constructive, powers made here to-
day by a son of Virginia, [Mr. Bayly]—" Virginia,
the custodian of the democratic faith," and whose
statesmen have taught us the first lessons of strict
construction—is more than a restoration of the old
general-welfare clause as a substantive power; for,
wide as that was, it did not psetend to draw to
one department the exclusive powers of the others.
I know it is said that strict construction was in-
tended to limit only the encroachments of the fed-
eral power upon the sovereignty of the States, and
not to limit the power of the general government"
as against foreign nations. Admit it to be so:
still, the prostration of the treaty power may affect
the sovereignty of the States, as much as would a
change of the line dividing the federal power from
the reserved rights of the States. Under this lati-
tude of construction, we might soon have a bank re-
chartered under the powers to borrow money and to
regulate commerce.
The gentleman from Alabama [Mr. Belser] in-
forms U3 that Congress has, in some instances, given
to a State the power to exercise civil jurisdiction
over the site3 for forts, magazines, arsenals, and
dock-yards, which such State had ceded to the Uni-
ted States for those purposes; and over which, by
the constitution, the federal government is to exer-
cise exclusive jurisdiction. If I understand him,
(and I do not know that 1 do fully,) his object is to
show that Congress exercises incidental powers;
and even delegates the exercise of such to the States
in those cases. The constitution does not command
the Congress to exercise the exclusive jurisdiction
in those cases, but "shall have power" to exercise
&c. The Congress, therefore, may take the site
without the civil jurisdiction. If the State exercise
it, it docs not come from the express grant of Con-
gress—she only retains it; Congress saying it only
takes part.
The gentleman from Alabama [Mr. Belser] and
the gentleman from Virginia [Mr. Bayly] have both
referred us to the embargo laws and non-intercourse
acts as clear instances of our power to make interna-
tional legislative contracts. I cannot so understand
them. The object of these acts was the protection
of the neutral commerce of the United States; and if
commerce was entirely prohibited for a time, it was
only for the purpose of protecting and fostering it
the better when those prohibitions should be re-
moved; or they may be viewed as incipient acts of
war.
Power was given to the President to proclaim the
fact, if it should occur, that Great Britain and France
had revoked or modified their edicts so that they
ceased to violate the neutral commerce of the United
States; and m that event, the embargo laws and non-
intercourse act were to be repealed, and the regula-
tions of commerce would fall back upon pre-existing
acts. The law-making power of this country did not
seek to approach France or Great Britain to make a
contract or treaty, but it acted by law directly upon
our own commerce and navigation and revenues,
with a mere provision that, in a certain contingen-
cy, thus or thus should be o,-ir own law; leaving
Congress full power to change the anterior law, and
in no way pledging the national faith for a continu-
ance of the pre-existing law, or denying to a suc-
ceeding Congress the power to alter it according to
their pleasure.
Ana thus far, no laws regulating commerce have
been brought before the committee showing any con-
tract with a foreign nation; though we had been re-
ferred to them in general terms. I would like to see
the law, and the 'particular section and provision
that, asserts the power.
But, Mr. Chairman, if, in the course of careless
legislation, such an instance could be produced, it
would only prove that when you are near the
boundary line of your possessions, you may cas-
, imlly trespass,upon your neighbor through-uiatteu*.-
