Jan. 1845.
APPENDIX TO f EtB CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
6t
28th Cong 2d Sess.
Annexation of Teocas—Mr. S. Cary.
H. of" Reps.
tion to the precise line; but we are, on this question,
in the very centre of the lot, as it has been shown
that contracts for foreign territory have always.been
considered treaties. Besides, the distinction between
treaties, alliances, confederations, agreements, and
compacts, which it has been the object of some gen-
tlemen to establish, and thus raise a constructive
jurisdiction in Congress over a portion of them, only
plunges us into subtilties from which we cannot ex-
tricate ourselves, and know what is a treaty and
what the other.
Mr. S. said he had endeavored to place before the
committee the constitutional impediments encounter-
ed by him in any attempt by Congress to make a
contract with Texas as a foreign nation, even with
proper terms, anterior to an act admitting her as a
fetate or States. He presumed there were many
who did not concur in the argument; yet he believed
that the most fervid, Texas heat, would ac-
knowledge the obligation" we took, on entering this
hall, to support the constitution, which extended to
all its parts, as each understood their meaning.
SPEECH OF MR. CARY,
OF MAINE,
la the House of Representatives, January 9, 1845—On
the propositions for the annexation of Texas.
. Mr. SHEPHERD CARY, in addressing the
House, said that the gentleman from Maryland who
had just spoken had relieved him from the necessi-
ty of informing the House that there was no divis-
ion upon this subject in the whig party; and he re-
gretted that there'had been any manifestation of a
difference of opinion m the democratic party upon
the question. He was astonished that any of his
southern friends should undertake to divide the
democratic party of the Union by Mason & Dix-
on's line. Were he to tell the democrats of his dis-
trict that there was a sectional difference in the de-
mocracy of the country, they would not believe him.
They had been accustomed to regard democratic,
principles of general application, exerting their in-
fluence alike upon every section of the country. It
was not for any portion of the democracy to claim
patriotism and chivalry as belonging exclusively to
their section of the Union.
He said that he held his seat in the House in de-
fiance of the combined efforts of abolitionism and
federalism, aided by the money of manufacturing
monopolists and Boston stockjobbers; and his con-
stituents would be surprised to find themselves in
such company as the gentleman from Alabama had
placed them. The fields of Bladensburg had been
too recently stained with the blood of one of the
most distinguished sons of Maine, who fell a mar-
tyr to the freedom of speech upon that floor, in de-
fending democratic principles, to allow the patriot-
ism of the northern democracy to be questioned by
any section of our Union.
[Mr. Yancey rose to explain. He regretted to
find, from the remarks of his friend, the gentleman
from Maine, that a portion of his speech, delivered
in the committee a few days since, had been misap-
prehended. It had been supposed by some that he
had designed to express the opinion that the people
north of Mason & Dixon's line were deficient in
those high qualities which make up the character of
the patriot and statesman. Such was certainly very
far from his intention; and had he not been cut off in
the midst of that portion of his argument, the bal-
ance of what he designed to have paid would have
convinced the committee that he entertained a high
regard for the character of a very large portion of
his fellow-citizens of the North; and that he fully
appreciated the noble and statesmenhke bearing of
some of the great men of that section of the Union.
The general tenor and course of his remarks were
upon Massachusetts men and measures.]
Mr. Cary resumed. In alluding to the gentle-
man from Indiana, [Mr. C. B. Smiti-i,] Mr. C. said
he had very kindly offered his services to reconcile
some little difficulties of opinion existing in the
democratic party upon the question under discus-
sion. Mr. C. said that, whatever family difficulties
might exist, there was no necessity for whig inter-
ference; democrats can settle their own matters; and
he, for one, was not too conscientious to own his
democracy, and had only to say, God save the dem-
ocrat who required a whig for a conscience-keeper!
The gentleman [Mr. Smith] had read from the
Globe of April a d May last, extracts showing that
organ of the democratic party not to have been or-
thodox upon the question of annexation at that
time. This fact was much to be regretted, he ad,
mitted; but error was incident to human nature.
Even the compilers of the Scriptures, after gleaning
the whole field of truth, found some scraps of doubt-
ful import, and -had appended them to that holy
book; and he thought that even the whigs should al-
low an equal privilege in closing the old, democratic
volume. If the compilers of that volume should de-
termine to retain the exceptionable doctrines to
which the gentleman has alluded, and place them at
the close of the work, as an apocrypha, he did-no.t
see why the whigs should object to it. Put a new
era had dawned upon the country—a new dispen-
sation had succeeded the old, and that paper would
now be found cheering the democracy in its true
and onward course upon this great question. A new
democratic administration is about to assume power.
The people had decided in favor of the immediate an-
nexation of Texas, and the President of their
choice stands pledged, not only by his own declara-
tions, but by the instructions of the convention
which placed his name in nomination, to carry out
their wishes; under such circumstances, it becomes
those reprsenting the views of the people, as declared
in the recent election, to be magnanimous and over-
look all previous transgressions of their political
friends. It was idle (said Mr. C.) to think of put-
ting this measure in any form that will be palatable
to the whigs. It must be settled by the party hold-
ing the majority in this House, in a way to suit
themselves, with the certainty of whig opposition.
In 1830, Mr. Huskisson, one of the British minis-
try, proclaimed, in Parliament, opposition to this
measure, in the following language:
"If the United Slates have declared that thoy cannot al-
low the island of Cuba to belong to any maritime power in
Europe, Spain excepted, neither can England, as the first of
those maritime powers—I say it fearlessly, because I feel it
strongly—sutler the United States to nrrng under their do-
minion <t gieatei portion of the shores of the Gulf of Mexico
than that which they now possess Within the last twenty-
even years, they have become masters ol all the shores, of
that gulf from the point of Florida to the river babme, in-
cluding the mouths of the Mississippi and ol other great riv-
ers, the port of New Orleans, and the -saluable and secure
harbors of Florida; and, within these few days, we hear of
their intention ofiorrrmig a naval station and ammal at the
ielands of the Dry Tortugac—a commanding position in the
gulf stream, between Florida and Cuba with all this ex-
tent ofcoast and islands, we know, lurthur, that designs are
entertained and daily aetcd upon—1 will not say by the pres-
ent government of the United States, but notoriously by the
people—to get possession of the fertile and extensive Mexi-
can piovince of Texas. To borrow an expression oi a de-
ceased statesman of that country, 'the whole people of
America have their eye' upon that province. They look to
all the country between the river Sabine and the river Bra-
ro del Norte as a teiritory that must, ere long, belong to
their Union. They have also, 1 believe, that same eye upon
some of the western coast of Mexico, possessing valuable
ports in the Unlf of < ahfornia. Should they obtain the^e
districts, the independence of Mexico, i will venture to say,
w ill be no better, or more secure, than that of the Creek In-
dians, or any other Indian tribe now living within the circle
of the pu'scnt recognised limits of the United States, and
the Gulf of Mexico will become as much a part oftheir wa-
ters as the Black sea was once the waters of Turkey, or as
the channel \\ Inch separates England from Ireland may be
considered as part of the waters of the United Kingdom ''
Mr. Webster, also, after having visited England
at the expense of his whig friends in Boston and
New York, had proclaimed his hostility to this
measure; and Mr. Clay himself, the great embodi-
ment of whig principles, had avowed the same hos-
tility. Of course, the followers of these shining
lights must say amen. There was (Mr. C. said) an
American and a British side to this question, as
well as to almost every other leading political ques-
tion which lias agitated this country.
The gentleman from Philadelphia [Mr J. R. 1m-
cersoll] has eloquently informed us that the walls
of the Roman Senate were hung with emblems of
the early gleiies of that great republic; and he might
have said, with truth, that those emblems remained
upon those walls long after the liberties of the peo-
ple had been trodden under foot, and the govern-
ment solji at auction by her mercenary rulers and
soldiery.
But if the gentleman had carried us back, in his
historical allusions, to another era in ancient history,
and recounted the means which Philip of Maccdon
resorted to, to subvert aad overthrow the liberties
of Greece, he might have drawn a parallel much
more applicable to the present times. Finding him-
self unable to conquer Greece by his arms, that
monarch resorted to stratagem, and, through his
pensioned orators, scattered'through her cities, in-
duced the Grecians to waste their war resources in
games and theatrical shows; and, by fomenting and
fostering religious and sectional piejudices among
her rival citics, and by hypocritical professions of
sympathy and philanthropy, succeeded in destroy-
ing tjiejn through their own dissensions.
Has not this been substantially the policy of
Great Britain, in her intercourse with every nation
on the globe, where she has desired to extend .-her
dominion or power? Has she not a devoted .party
in every country, ready to resort, under the color.of
"a fair business transaction," to any means, how-
ever unjustifiable or unprincipled, for the accom-
plishment of her designs? After two unsuccessful
wars with this country, has she not changed entirely
her mode of attack? Under the garb of hypocrisy,
and with a false philanthropy, as is often the case
with great sinners, this enslaver of the African race
—this contractor not only to eupply her own colo-
nies with slaves, but those of other nations—has-all
at once become the great champion of emancipation
in the western hemisphere. Using her sword and
drugs in Asia-to purchase apprenticed slavery in
her "West India possessions, and preparing to raise
an army of blacks to threaten the southern portion
of this republic, in order to stand before the world
as the great champion of human rights, has not her
real object been, like that of Philip of Macedon, to
subvert and overthrow rival interests and rival .na-
tions by hypocritical professions of sympathy and
pnilanthropy, and by - creating sectional difficulties
and dissensions?
While her fleets from India are homeward laden
with the spoils of plundered and enslaved nations,
this old offender in the trade of human flesh is held
up to this country, by the party that was too vreli-
gious to rejoice at our victories over her armies, as
a pattern for the admiration of the patriot and Chris-
tian .
To show what is the success of her policy upon
this country, Mr. C. read from the Boston Liberator,
(an abolition paper,) extracts from a memorial pub-
lished on the 27th December, 1844, in that paper, in
which it is declared "that the memorialists look up-
on tiie constitution of United States as enjoining
obligations and duties which are incompatible with
allegiance to GocJ;" and in which it is also declared
that, "in view of these facts, your memorialists, dis-
claiming citizenship and repudiating the constitution as
a covenant with death and agreement with hell,"
asks Congress "to take immediate measures, by a
national convention or otherwise, to dissolve the
Union of the United States." To show the al-
liance between the whig and abolition parties of the
North, Mr. C. also quoted from the Boston Atlas—
the organ of the whig party and whig press in New
England—the declaration that "Massachusetts can-
not, she must not, she will not, submit to the an-
nexation of Texas to these United States." What
(inquired Mr. C.) will be her alternative? Will
she repudiate the constitution? Will she disclaim
citizenship? Will shfe revolt? There is no other
course for her. Slavery and war are the great bug-
bears to fiighten us from our purpose; but, in his
view, (said Mr. C.,) the democracy had nothing to
fear from the slaveholding portion of the Union.
The constitution having recognised slavery, the
democracy of his district were willing to leave it to
the management of those who had power over it.
He had heard of a man who had acquired a fortune
by minding his own business, and he thought the
example would be a good one to follow.
With such alliances and in such views the democ-
racy of the North have no sympathies. They will
always stand by the nation in its onward progress,
adhering to its great interests, regardless of section-
al influence, petty jealousies, on foreign influence.
They view this question as a great national ques-
tion, in which the North and West, as well as the
South, have a deep interest. The trade, growth,
and productions of Texas will become an important
item in the employment of our Northern commerce,
and its annexation will open a valuable and extend-
ed market for our manufactures and the products of
our forests and fisheries. To the West, among
other benefits, it will bring security for the ingress
of their supplies, and the egress of their productions,
through the Gulf of Mcxico.
The annexation of Texas will open a large terri-
tory suitable for the culture of sugar—a matter of
vast interest to nearly the entire Union. We are
now groaning (said Mr. C.) under the burden of
paying five millions annually for the benefit or pro-
tection of some six hundred planters engaged in the
production of that article, without any possibility
of relief, on account of the present confined limits in
which it can be produced. This, among other on-
erous burdens of the tariff, has been forced upon us
in consequence of the inability of the manufacturing
interest of the North to obtain the passage of the
tariff of J842, without paying this vast annual
