«2
28th Cong 2d Suss.
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
Smithsonian Institute—Mr. Choate.
Jan. 1845,
Senate.
amount for the rotes of Louisiana upon that ques-
tion.
The gentleman from Philadelphia [Mr. J. R. Iw-
qersoll] tell us that the extension of territory will
endanger the existence of the Union, and that the
government will break down by the cumbersome
weight of our extremities. Mr. Cart said that it
gave him no pleasure to recur to the disgraceful
scenes that transpired the last summer in the city
represented by that gentleman; and he would leave
the country to judge how much reliance can be
placed upon the strongholds and populous cities of
the law-and-order party, by noticing the fact, that
the whigs had increased their majority at the recent
election six thousand, within the limits embraced by
the riots.
Mr. Ingersoll, in explanation, said that the riots
were in the democratic portion of the county of
Philadelphia. So much the worse, replied Mr. C.
as the whigs went from home to burn Catholic
churches and mob democrats.
Mr. C. added, that we had |nothing to fear from
the extension of territory as long as our government
was just. Let the people feel its justice, not its op-
pressions, and the hard-handed yeomanry of the
country would always rally to its support.
It had always been the policy of the federal party
to prevent an extension of territory. They resisted
the acquisition of Louisiana as they now do Texas.
They view with jealousy and dismay the opening
of any new avenue for the escape of the surplus
population of the old States from their oppressions.
The gentleman from Philadelphia, and the gentle-
man from Boston, [Mr. Wintrop,] had warned us
in the most solemn manner, not to exercise any
doubtful constitutional power. He would ask those
gentlemen if they did not vote for the existing pro-
tective tariff, and where they found the constitutional
authority for its enactment? He would ask them if
they did not vote for the bankrupt law—a retrospec-
tive law, for the abrogation of debts—an ex post
facto law, passed in defiance of a plain provision of
the constitution?
Mr. C. went on to say that nothing would satisfy
the opponents of this measure. When the treaty
for annexation was before the Senate, the President
was denounced as a usurper, seizing upon the war-
making power of the country; and when Congress
undertakes to legislate upon the subject, it is de-
nounced as an assumption of the executive power,
on the ground that the executive only is authorized
to make treaties. But the treaty for the purchase of
Louisiana guarantied the payment of $15,000,000;
and the purchase of Texas would require $10,000,-
000. Have the treaty-making power the right to
appropriate money from the treasury under the con-
stitution? He had not seen the clause in the consti-
tution granting such power to the executive. If
there were any doubts upon this point, he would go
to the clause empowering the House of Repre-
sentatives, and the House only, to originate
money bills; and the power to pay must imply
the right to procure and appropriate—a right not
vested in the executive. He would ask, on the
other hand, wherein Congress would exceed
its authority by admitting Texas by legislative
enactment. It is authorized by the constitution to
make all laws to carry its provisions into effect;
and its authority clearly grants the power to admit
new States—a power which cannot be exercised
without the right to acquire the territory from
which States may be created. Could there be any
danger from the exercise of this power by Congress?
It is said to be entrenching upon the exemth e; hut
is not the President armed, much to the chagrin of
the whig party, with the veto power, w'nirh enables
him to throw all attacks hack upon us, making ne-
cessary the same constitutional majority now re-
quired to ratify treaties?
The gentleman from Hew York had told us that
lie was in favor of the annexation of Texas, but op-
posed to admitting in any other form th?n by ex-
ecutive action; which amounts to an opposition to
the admission upon any terms, as it is well known
that more than one-thi/d of the Senate are already
bound by party alliances to oppose the measure in
every form.
SPEECH OF MR. CHOATE,
OF MASSACHUSETTS.
In Senate, January 8S 1845—On the bill for the es-
tablishment of the Smithsonian Institute.
The Senate having taken up the bill for the estab-
of the Smithsonian Institute-
Mr. CHOATE said he was sure that, whatever
opinion might be at last formed on this bill, its prin-'
ciples, or its details, all would concur in expressing
thanks to the senator from Ohio [Mr. Tappan] for
introducing it. "We shall differ, he proceeded, more
perhaps than could be wished, or than can be recon-
ciled, about the mode of administering this noble
fund; but we cannot differ about our duty to enter at
once on some mode of administering it. A large
sum of money has been given to us, to hold and to
apply, in trust, "for the increase and diffusion or
knowledge among men.5' We have accepted the
trust. "To this application—(such is the language
of our act of the 1st of July, 1836—) to this applica-
tion of the money the faith of the United States is
hereby pledged." The donor is in his grave. There
is no chancellor to compel us to redeem our pledge;
and there needs none. Our own sense of duty to
the dead, and the living, and the unborn who shall
live—our justice, our patriotism, our policy, com-
mon honesty, common decorum, urge us, and are
enough to urge us, to go on, without the delay of
an hour, to appropriate the bounty according to the
form of the gift. I thank the senator, therefore, for
introducing a bill with which, to my own knowl-
edge, he has taken much—and, so far as I can see or
conceive—disinterested pains, and which affords us
an opportunity to discharge a plain duty, perhaps
too long delayed.
I think, too, sir, that the senator has, in the first
section of the bill, declared the true fundamental law
according to which this fund ought to be permanently
administered. He lends to the United States the
whole sum of $508,318 actually received out of the
English chancery, from the 3d of December, 1838,
when it was received, at an interest of 6 per cent,
per annum. He leaves the sum of $209,103, which
is so much of the interest as will have accrued on
the first day of July next, to be applied at once to
the construction of buildings, the preparation of
grounds, the purchase of books, instruments, and
the like; and then appropriates the interest, and the
interest only, of the original principal sum, for the
perpetual maintenance of the institution, leaving the
principal itself unimpaired forever. This, all, is ex-
actly as it should be.
But when you examine the bill a little further, to
discern what it is exactly which this considerable
expenditure of money i3 to accomplish—when you
look to see how and how much it is going "to in-
crease and diffuse knowledge among men," I am
afraid that we shall have reason to be a little less
satisfied. I do not now refer to the constitution of
the board of management, of which, let me say,
under some important modifications, I incline to ap-
prove; although on that I reserve myself. 1 speak
of what the fund, however managed, is to be made
to do. The bill assumes, as it ought, to apply it
"to increase and diffuse knowledge among men.'1
Well, how does it accomplish this object3
It proposes to do so, for substance, by establish-
ing in this city a school or college for the purpose ot
instructing its pupils in the application of certain
physical sciences to certain arts of life. The plan,
if adopted, founds a college in Washington to teach
the scientific principles of certain useful arts. That
is the whole of it. It appoints, on permanent sala-
ries, a professor of agriculture, horticulture, and
rural economy; a professor of natural history; a pro-
fessor of chemistry; a professor of geology; a profes-
sor of astronomy; a professor of architecture and do-
mestic science; together with a fluctuating force of oc-
casional auxiliary lecturer.-; and all these profrs^ors
and lecturer^ a,-'J enjoined "to have special reference,
in all their i lustrations and instructions, to the produc-
tive and libenil arts of life—to improvenu nls in ag-
riculture, manufactures, trades, and domestic econ-
omy. " Thus, the professor of chemistry is to an-
alyze different kinds of soils, and to learn and teach
how to enrich them: the professor of natural histo-
jy is to deal with noxiou- or useful annuals and in-
sects; the professor of neology is to illustrate the
working of mines; the professor of tWunomy io to
teach navigation; the profi s;«">r of architecture and
domestic science is chare,pd wish the theory and
practice of building, licrhting, and venu'latmg all
manner of edifices; and the professor of agriculture,
horticulture, and domestic economy is to make ex-
periments to see what exotics, will grow and what
will not, all over the United States. And, in pur-
suance of the same theory of administration of the
fund, it is provided that not a book is to be purchas-
ed for the institution except "works on science and
the arts, especially such as i c-kte to the ordinary
business of life, and to the various mechanical and
other improvements and discoveries which may be
made." 3
Now, I say that this creates a college or school 
such as it is—on the basis of a somewhat narrow
utilitarianism—to be sure, erroneously so called but
a college or academical institution. ~Who is to be
taught agriculture, architecture, domestic science
rural economy, and navigatioa' Nat you, Mr.
President, I suppose, not Congress, not the govern-
ment, not men at all. Students, pupils, youths, are
to be brought hither, if you can find them; "rules
and regulations" (so runs the 8th section of the bill)
are to be made "for the admission into the various
departments of the institution, and their conduct and
deportment while they remain therein," and instruc-
tion is to be given them by professors and lecturers.
This surely is a school, a college, an academical "in-
sdtute of education, such as it is, or nothing.
Well, sir, in reviewing, as I have had occasion to
do, the proceedings of Congress upon this subject
heretofore, I have received the impression that it
had become quite your settled judgment—settled on
the most decisive reasons—that no school, college,
or aedemical establishment should be constituted. It
seems that in the session of 1838 a joint committee
of the two brauches was charged with this delibera-
tion. The chairman of the committee from this
body was Mr. Robbins, and the chairman, on the
appointment of the House, was Mr. Adams; both
of them, I may pause to say, persons of the most
profound and elegant acquisition; both of them of
that happy rare class who "grow old still learning."
The two committees differed on this very question
whether a school or college should be established.
The opinion of the committee of the House is ex-
pressed in the 4th section of the bill (No. 293 Sen-
ate) which they desired to report, and which is in
these words:
'"Sf.c. 4. Jlnd be it Jurther enacted, That no part of the
said Smithsonian fund, principal or interest, shall be applied
to any school, college, university, institute of education, or
ecclesiastical establishment"
That of the committee of the Senate is distinctly
enough intimated in the beautiful speech with which
Mr. Robbins introduced the subject in January,
1839. I find it in the Appendix to the Congression-
al Globe:
,lI could wish, if all were agreed in it, that this institution
should make one of a number of colleges, to constitute a
university to be established here, and to be endowed in a
manner worthy of this great nation and their immense re-
sources But, as opinions are divided upon this subject—
not, I should hope, as to the great desirableness of such an
establishment, but as to the constitutional competency of
Congress to nnoeitoke it—1 will not embarrass my present
object by involving it with that subject. This, as an inde-
pendent institution, may hereafter be made a part of such a
university, should one be established, but it is now to be
looked at only as an independent institution."
It was to embody and execute this conception
that Mr. Robbins drew the Senate bill No. 292.
Finding themselves unable to agree, it was deter-
mined that each committee should report both of
these bills to their respective Houses. On the 25th
February, 1839, the bill drawn by Mr. Robbins
was taken up in this body, and after an animated
discussion, was laid on the table by a vote of 20 to
15. This vote is regarded, I perceive, by Mr.
Adams, in his subsequent reports of 1840 and 1842,
as expressing the judgment of the Senate against the
establishment of such academical institute of learn-
ing. He says:
'•i* is th-'vx to lie ronn.u
to the fiiiol disposal of th;<
institution the bo** advptv,
ic--;a*Oi'. thst this first but
- -a -U ofhv.ir,;
red a circumstance propitious
; fnn<i, by the organization of an
i to accomplish the design of the
orroneonc impression oi that de-
ocr, siinivorii'v, u;vn ilic ionnHa-
n 1 "-hon'id bp Ic^nhe.l, and vc-t
]dVM'! to it* iii'po^c \\ithoMf i irev appropria-
tion- oi'p -'jiiC i.ionrys ' i, Its ,u.?—5-houIu hive hoen present*
c.l to tuc C! iis.ib'.nnc'ri'C'-. ivtc-red to n numerous
coTinuft f1 <"•!' Voili 1tO!W'<; th^re fVi m-od, reported
for rbr> J<. bbornuon cf both Hou*f s, f'ulv debated m the
Kou-< where it criixin.'ted. ?nd then deci^r. tly rejected.*'
If such may be inferred to have the judg-
ment of iho Senate, it may be defended on the most
decisive reasons It i.$ hardly woifh while to more
the question whether if would he expedient to apply
the fund ns fry as it won'd go to the founding of a
great university desfrvh g of the name—a nation-
al university, m which a*1! the branches of a
thovc
i should 'of taught 5 which should
fii] lli'; spaci between the college and professional
schools which should guide the maturer American
mind to the highest places of knowledge; for such
should be the functions of such a university. It is
not worth while to move this question, because*no
such proposition is before us, I am afra d,
