Jan, 1845,
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE,
67
28th Cong 2b Sess.
Annexation of Texas—Mr. Douglass.
H. of Reps.
federation, but that [no other colony should be re-
ceived except by Ihe assent of nine States. This
provision clearly shows the intention of the framers
of that instrument, and demonstrates that they con-
templated not only the admission of Canada, but al-
so of such othei colonies as nine of the original States
should deem advisable. Thisjnight have reference
to New Brunswick and Nova Scotia, on the east,
or to the Flondas, Louisiana, and the Mexican
States on the west, or to any other adjacent territo-
ry which, in the progress of time, might desire ad-
mission, and the United States should see proper to
receive. These contingencies were forseen, and all
provided for at that early peiiod. When the con-
vention assembled in 1787, to revise the articles of
confederation and form the present constitution of
the United States, an attempt was made to confine
the power of admitting new States to such as might
arise within the limits of the territory belonging to
the original thirteen States. One of the propositions
was "the admission of States lawfully arising within
the limits of the United Stalesand several others
of similar import were offered at different times.
Further attempts were made to restrict the exercise
of this power by requiring the concurrence of two-
thirds of the members present in order to admit a
new State. All of the propositions, after meeting
with some favor at fhst, were finally rejected; and
the general clause, as it now stands in the constitu-
tion, providing thuf-'new States may be admitted by
the Congreto into the Union," was adopted in lieu of
them. Thus, it will be perceived, that instead of
restricting the power as it existed in the articles of
confederation, it was greatly enlarged in the consti-
tution, so as to authorize Congress to admit new
States by a vote of a majority of each House,
whether within the original limits of the United
States or not.
This view of the subject is illustrated and sanc-
tioned by the action of all the departments of the
government in the acquisition of Louisiana and
Florida, and the dd mission of the States of Louisi-
ana, Missouri, and Arkansas into the Union. What-
ever doubts may have arisen, therefore, in the minds
of distinguished statesmen at one period of our his-
tory, those doubts ha\e long since been dissipated,
and the doctrine sanctioned and settled by the uni-
versal opinion of the American people, that foreign
territory may be annexed, organized into Territories
and States, and admitted into the Union on an equal
footing with the original States.
But while it is now generally conceded—the gen-
tleman from Massachusetts, [Mr. Wintiirop,] of
course excepted—that foreign territory may be an-
nexed and admitted into the Union as States, there
are those who entertain doubts as to the power of
Congress to annex territory, with the view to such
admission. This objection requires serious consid-
eration also, for it is not sufficient that we have tho
power to do the act, but we must have the right to
do it in the manner proposed. The constitution
says that "new States may be admitted by the Con-
gress into the Union;" and for the purpose of estab-
lishing; the rule of construction by which the ex-
pressly granted powers shall be interpieted and de-
fined, it has further piovided that Congress is au-
thorized "to make all laws which shall be necessary
and proper for carrying into execution the forego-
ing powers, and all other powers vested by this con-
stitution in the government of the United States, or
m any department or office thereof." Under this
latter clause a difference of opinion has arisen,
which has divided the people into two great
political parties on all great constitutional
questions, fiom the adoption ot the constitution
until the present time: the one adhering to the
very letter of the constitution, and insisting that no
power should be exercised unless it was expressly
granted—or, in the language of that instrument, was
necessary and proper to carry an expressly granted
power into effect; and the other contending that they
were not to be strictly confined to the words necessn-
ry and proper, but were authorized to pass such
laws ay were convenient and expedient in the execu-
tion of the specific powers. By substituting "con-
venience" for "necessityand "expediency" for "yno-
•prietxjthey enlarge the powers of the constitution,
and Extend them to objects not authorized , by it.
Under this loose rule of construction they claim the
power to incorporate a United States bank, upon
the specious plea that it is convenient and expedient
in the collection and disbursement of the public rev-
enue. On the other hand, the opponents of a bank
insist that the revenue can be properly collected and
- disbursed without Bwch nn institution, and hence a
bank is not necessary to carry the enumerated power
into execution. I could cite numerous instances to
illustrate the distinction, but it is unnecessary to
consume time, as the cases and the principle involved
are familiar to the House and the country. It is
sufficient to remark that no political party, and, so
far as my information goes, no individual statesman
has ever doubted or questioned the power of Con-
giess to enact such laws asjare strictly necessary and
proper to the exercise of any one of the enumerated
powers. It might trouble any gentleman on this
floor to find the authority in the constitution for the
construction of this ma<£nifi<enf building in which
Congress is now assembled, except upon the princi-
ple that it was necessary to the discharge of our le-
gislative duties. And i might ask the gentlemen
from New York and Massachusetts for our authori-
ty to appropriate millions of money tor stone docks
at Brooklyn and Charlestown, except upon
the plea that it is necessary and proper "to provide
and maintain a navy," and for their authority for
the millions expended at Boston and New York
for the construction of custom houses, hut for the
same plea of necessity in order to collect the rev-
enue. if I should ask the gentleman from Philadel-
phia for the authority to build the United States
mint, I suppose he would point to the power "to
coin money," and say that the mint was necessary
and proper to carry that power into execution.
Sir, if I should ask the chairman of the Committee
of Ways and Means for his authority to report so
many bills appropriating countless millions for forts,
fortificatiory, and aisenals, I suppose he would
point to tiie clause "to piovide for the common de-
fence," and say that it was necessary for that pur-
pose; and ifl should ask him for his authority to
erect a armory at Springfield, Massachusetts, and
at Harper's Ferry, Virginia, he would leturn mc
the same answer. And if I should ask the Com-
mittee on Commerce for their authority to report
bills for light-houses and harbors on ihcAt'antic
coast and the northern lakes, 1 presume they would
refer me to the power "to regulate commerce," and
perhaps to the power "to provide for the common
defence;" and if I should ask the Committee on the
Post Office and Post Roads for their authoiity to
carry the mails and fix the rates of postage, they
would refer mc to the power "to establish post offi-
ces and post roads,"
It is not my purpose at this time to inquire
whether all of these means are necessary and prop-
el to carry into execution the corresponding enu-
merated power. It is sufficient for my purpose
that, in no one of these cases, is the power express-
ly granted in the constitution; and if it exists at all,
it only exists by virtue of the principle that it is ne-
cessary and proper to carry the expressly grant-
ed power into effect. Apply this principle to
the proposition to annex Texas. The consti-
tution says that "new States may be admitted
by the Congress into the Union." Under this
clause Congress wishes to admit Texas as new
States; but this cannot be done without an-
nexing the territory. The annexation is not only
necessary and proper, but indispensible to the ad-
mission. It is a prerequisite, without the perform-
ance of which 1 exas cannot be admitted. Stiil
the constitution says that Congress may admit her,
and may also pass all laws necessary and proper to
the admission. I repeat, is not the law of annexa-
tion necessary and proper to the admission? If so,
the constitution says that Congress may pass it.
Language cannot be more explicit. The proposi-
tion is almost self-evident, and any attempt at eluci-
dation would only serve to confuse it. 1 am aware
that an attempt will be made to evade or break the
force of this argument, by saying: true Congress
has the power to admit Texas into the Union as a
State or States; but that "it is necessary to annex the
territory first; and that the annexation can only be
made by the treaty-making power. To this objection
I have to reply, that such is not the requirement of
the constitution. That instrument does not say
that the President and Senate may admitnew States,
nor that they shall make laws (for a treaty is de-
clared by the constitution to be a law) for the ac-
quisition of territory, in order to enable Congress
to admit new States. There is no such provision in
the constitution. But it does say that Congress
may admit new States, and that Gongress shall have
. power to pass all laws necessary and proper for the
admission. But it is further objected that a law for
the admission of territory is a contract with a for-
eign nation; that all contracts with foreign nations
tire treaties^ and that the treaty-making power is
vested in the President and Senate. This objection
is plausible, and therefore requires examination.
f apprehend that all contracts with foreign nations
are not treaties within the meaning of the constitu-
tion. For instance, the constitution provides that
Congress may borrow money. This power being;
a general grant, of course is to be exercised in such
manner as Congress shall direct. Congress may-
borrow money of an individual, a bank, or a foreign
government. Suppose it should be found expedi-
ent to effect the loan of the government of France:
this would certainly be a contract between two for-
eign powers; but is it a treaty within the meaning of
the constitution? If so, it must be made by the
President, and ratified by two-thirds of the Senate.
But the constitution says that Congress shall bor-
row money and pass all laws, and of course make
all conuacis necessary to the exercise of the power.
This case shows that the treaty-making power
must be understood to include the right to make
such contracts only as are not specially granted to
some other department of the government, or are
not necessary and proper to carry some one or more
of the enumciated powcis into effect. I could give
many other instance# m illustration of the same
principle. Suppose that Congress should pass a
law admitting English merchandise into this coun-
try at 20 per cent, duty for ten years, on condition
that Great Britain would pass a similai act admit-
ting American products at the same rate of duty,
and that she should accede to our proposition, and
notify our government of the same: would not
that be a contract between the two nations? No
one doubts but that it would be a contract; but is it
a treaty within the meaning of the constitution?
Clearly not; for if so, it could only be made by the
President and Senate, whereas the constitution vests
the power to levy duties, and to regulate commerce,
in Congress. The same principle applies to all
other cases where a power is specifically lodged in
Congress. The grant of a power carries with it by
necessary implication the right to use the means essen-
tial to its exercise. When the grant of power is to
Congress, the authority to pass all laws necessary to
its execution is also in Congress;-'and the treaty-
making power is to be confined to those cases where
the power is not located elsewhere by the consti-
tution.
Returning to the question before the House, and
applying these principles to it, the conclusion is
irresistible that Congress, possessing the power to
admit a State, has the right to pass a law of annex-
ation, when such annexation is essential to the ad-
mission. I do not wish to be understood as saying
that territory cannot be acquired in any other way
than by act of Congress, for it may be acquired in
various ways under particular circumstances. We
may acquire it by conquest, as incident to the war-
making power; or by treaty, discovery, or act of
Congress, dependent upon the peculiar circum-
stances of the case. "Vve claim the Oregon Terri-
toiy by \irtue of the right of discovery and occupa-
tion—a right certainly not derivable from the treaty-
making power, but doubtless having its source in
some of the specific powers of Congress. If Texas
and the U. States were at this moment in a state of
war, and we should conquer that country, I apprehend
that the very act of conquest itself would be, ipso
facto, an acquisition of the country, and that Con-
gress would oe authorized to extend our laws over it,
without the intervention of the treaty-making power,
and without the consent of any other nation on
earth. This would furnish a case of the acquisition
of territory by conquest, as incidental to the war-
making power vested in Congress. But if we wish
to acquire Texas without making war or treaty, or
relying upon discovery, we must fall back upon the
power to admit new States, and acquire the territory
l>y act of Congress, as one of the nccessary and in-
dispensable means of executing that enumerated
power.
Another objection to the annexation which has
been strenuously urged, and is now relied upon with
great confidence, is, that Texas and Mexico are
now at war about the title to this very country, and
that the annexation, under these circumstances,
would be an adoption of the "war. This objection
was taken to the treaty last session, and used with
some success upon the ground' that the war-makjng
power was vested in Congress, and that the Presi-
dent and Senate had no right to make war either by
declaration^or adoption. We were told then that
the treaty was unconstitutional for that reason, and
that if we desired to annex Texas, it must be done
by an act of Congress, where the wwaking wm
