28th Cong.....2d Sess.
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
lodged by the constitution. When we now pro-
pose to pursue the mode pointed out to us by the
gentlemen opposed to annexation, as being the only
one consistent with the constitution, we are told,
forsooth, that this mode ia unconstitutional, and that
we must go back to the treaty. But let us exam-
ine the present objection, that the annexation is the
adoption of war, and see to what conclusion it will
lead us. According to this view, by the passage of
thrne resolutions, we make common c&use with
Texas, and wage war upon Mexico who claims
Texas. When we go on to take possession of
Texas under these war resolutions, and Texas sub-
mits to our authority, she becomes a conquered
prevince, and, by the very act of the conquest, be-
comes ioso/ac<o our territory according to the ac-
knowledged powers of the constitution to ac-
quire _ territory by conquest. The gentleman's
objection, if well taken, is fatal to his own argu-
ment. It demonstrates our constitutional power to
pass these resolutions, and to acquire the ter-
ritory, in pursuance of them, under one of the
acknowledged powers of Congress. He must
abandon one or the ®ther of his positions. They
are inconsistent with each other, and both cannot
stand. For my own part, I regard both as unten-
able. I think I have shown the former to be so,
and the latter, I apprehend, is based upon a miscon-
ception of facts. There is no actual war existing
between Texas and Mexico, and has been none for
nine years. Texas achieved her independence in the
manner, and holds it by the same title as we do
ours—a title which Mexico dare not enter her lim-
its and there dispute. Her independence has been
recognised by the United States, Great Britain,
France, and most of the great powers of the earth.
The only pretext seized" upon by the enemies of
Texas for denying her independence is, that Mexico
refuses to acknowledge it. They do not deny but
what Texas is, in fact, independent; but they in-
sist that she is not legally so, because Mexico has
not honor enough to acknowledge the truth. But
this argument, like many others which have been
advanced in this discussion, is fatal to the cause of
those who use it. If the consent of Mexico is es-
sential to the independence of Texas, then it fol-
lows that Mexico never had any legal claim to
Texas, for the reason that Spain never acknowl-
edged the independence of Mexico until after
Texas had separated from Mexico, and achieved
her own independence.
Mr. D. would like to have discussed several other
questions connected with this subject, but his time
was expiring, and he would be compelled to con-
clude. One word, however, in regard to the exten-
sion of territory. He regarded all apprehensions
unfavorable to the perpetuity of our institutions from
this source as ideal. The application of steam power
to transportation and travel has brought the re-
motest limits of the confederacy, now comprising
twenty-six States, (if we are permitted to count by
time instead of, distance,) much nearer to the
centre than when there were but thirteen. The
revolution"is progressing, and the facilities and rap-
idity of communication are increasing in a much
greater ratio than our territory or population.
Our federal system is admirably adapted to the
whole continent; and while I would not violate the
laws of nations, nor treaty stipulations, nor in any
manner tarnish the national honor, I would exert all
legal and honorable means to drive Great Britain
and the last vestiges of royal authority, from the
the continent of North America, and extend the
limits of the republic from ocean to ocean. I would
make this an ocean-bound republic, and have no more
disputes about boundaries or red lines upon the
maps.
Here Mr. D.'s hour expired.
Railroad Iron—Mr. Payne.
H. of Reps.
SPEECH OF Me. PAYNE,
of alabama.
In the Home of Representatives, December 18, 1844—
The bill to abolish the duties upon railroad iron
being under consideration,
Mr. PAYNE rose and said-
Mr. Speaker: I avail myself of this occasion to
remark, that I am decidedly opposed to the passage
of ihis bill, and for the very good reasons urged by
the gentleman from Illinois, [Mr. Wentworth;] I
can see no good reason why associated wealth
should be exempted from paying the duty imposed
upon iron by the tariff bill of 1842, when the farm-
«rs" planter, or other consumer of that article is to be
taxgd 130 per cent, upon his consumption. But I
desire a reduction of the duty upon railroad iron,
as I do upon nearly every other article taxed by the
bill of 1842. A revenue standard of duties must be
adopted in place of the existing rate of duty; wheth-
er it is to be 20 or 30 per cent, upon imports' must
be settled by the wants'of the government economi-
cally administered; but ,to -this standard it must be
reduced, and gentlemen had as well settle the ques-
tion in their own minds at once. -
Sir, (said Mr, P.,) I have heard doctrines broached,
and charges made against the opponents of the tariff
bill of 1842, upon this floor, similar to those made in
the late presidential canvass. I rebuked those
charges then by a flat and unqualified contradiction
I am happy in having an opportunity to rebuke
them now, as I did then. It is commonly asserted
that those who are opposed to the tariff bill of 1842
are also opposed to the existing mode of collecting
revenue for the support of government, and conse-
quently desire to substitute a system of direct taxa-
tion for that purpose. This charge was made with
all the variations of creative genius during the late
presidential canvass. It was not confined to the
sunny plains and genial climes of the South, but
was uttered amid the crowded cities and snow-cap-
ped mountains of New England. The charge, when
made, either South or North, is a most unfair wea-
pon of party warfare; it is untrue, and known to be
untrue by those who make it. No member of the
republican party, so far as known to me, desires to
change the existing mode of collecting revenue; all
that we demand is a fair and equitable revenue sys-
tem; and we condemn the tariff bill of 1842,
because, (although revenue is collected under
it,) it is a system of unjust protection—sacri-
ficing the interest of sixteen millions of people to
gratify the cupidity and pamper the arrogance of
less than one million. It is for this reason, among
others, that the democratic party oppose the tariff
bill of 1842. This being the case, 1 trust that, here-
after, when the democratic republican party are
charged with being in favor of f ree trade, the charge
will be accompanied with that qualification which
truth and political honesty imperiously demand.
It is altogether important that the relative position
of parties upon a great national question, like the
tariff, should be fully understood by the people;
that the exact difference between them may be fully
comprehended; that a verdict may be rendered upon
this knowledge of facts.
Sir, I have already stated that the entire demo-
cratic republican party are united in desiring the re-
quisite revenue for the support of government to be
raised by a duty upon imports. What that rate of
duty should be, must be settled by the wants of the
treasury with reference to the amount of imports.
The amount of revenue which may be required to
meet the exigency of the public service, I know not;
but I presume, to meet all ordinary expenditures,
twenty-two millions of dollars would be abundantly
sufficient, if the government be wisely and econom-
ically administered.
Now, sir, we import annually about one. hundred
millions. A duty of 20 per cent, would bring into
your treasury twenty millions of dollars. From the
sale of your pjtbhc domain, and other miscellaneous
resources, you may reasonably calculate upon four
millions more; which, when added to the twenty
millions of custom-house revenue, will afford you
twenty-four millions of dollars to be applied to the
public service. If twenty-two millions of dollars
should be found sufficient to defiay the annual ex-
penditures of government, there would be two mil-
lions of dollars surplus left in the treasury-4o meet
any accidental contingency which may occur.
The most ultra opponent of the tariff bill of 1842
has never advocated a lower rate of duty than 20
per cent.; and, in order to give the friends of that bill
all of Hie advantage in the argument against a tax
for revenue only, I assume a 20 per cent, duty as
the ground upon which the democratic party intend
to stand in the adjustment of this question. I now
propose to examine this revenue duty of 20 per cent.—
first, with reference to the ha which it imposes
upon the consumer; and secondly with reference to
the incidental protection it affords to the manufac-
turer; and, if I do not demonstrate to this House that
it imposes an enormous burden upon the consumer,
and at the same time furnishes incidentally ample
protection to !lie manufacturing interest of the coun-
try, I shall be deceived, because the argument and
facts are upon my side of the question. In arriving
at the amount of tax upon the consumer, resulting
from a duty of 20 per cent., I shall estimate the
profd of the importing merchant at 6 per sent, only;
the profits of that class of merchants te'clmicMv
called "jobbers" at 10 per cent.; and (he profits of
the retail merchant at 33 per cent.Thisrate of
profit for the retail merchant in some sections of the
country would be too high, for others it is too low; but
it may be fairly assumed as the average profit of the
retail merchant, taking the Union as a whole. The
result is.thus exhibited:
Goods imported worth $100; custom-house duty
at 20 per cent., paid by the importing ~ mer-
chant - _ - - - - $20 'DO
Profit of importing merchant at 6 per cent. 1 20
Cost to the merchant technically called "job-
ber"
Profit of the "jobber':
at 10 per cent.
21 20
2 12
Cost to retail merchant - 23 32
Profit of the retail merchant at 33 per cent. 7 77
Tax upon the consumer, resulting from a
duty of 20 percent. - $31 09
This is the increased cost resulting from the 20
per cent, tax, disconnected from the original cost of
the goods, or the profit thereon. Now, sir, is this
not a tremendous burden? Nearly one-third of every
article consumed by the people is swallowed up in
the form of taxation for the support of the govern-
ment. How few persons out of the aggregate mass
of mankind reflect that every article they buy, for
which they pay $1, would cost less than 69 cents
but for the tax imposed upon that article by this
government. Burdensome as this tax is, it is neces-
sary for the support of the government, and we do
not complain. It is the people's government, created
by them for their own benefit; it protects them in
life, liberty, and property; and no patriotic citizen
will ever withhold from it the necessary supplies,
or complain of its burdens when economically ad-
ministered. But we do complain when burdens and
exactions are imposed upon us, not for revenue, but
for the sole object of augmenting the profits of the
manufacturer beyond all just and reasonable bounds.
Look at the tariff bill of 1842. The average rate of*
tax levied by it upon the consumption of the citizen,
is 40 per cent; and is a tax upon him of $62 18 upon
every hundred dollars worth of goods he consumes;
one half of this sum, ($31 09,) we have already seen,
is necessary for the support of this government, and
we pay it cheerfully. But the other half is not ne-
cessary for that purpose. It is a bounty to the
manufacturer; it is levied by the bill of 1842 for that
purpose; and it is igainst this unnecessary burden
we remonstrate and complain, and this only.
Now, sir, what is the difference between the two
great parties upon this question? The democratic
republican party desire a tariff, which will raise rev-
enue enough, and taxes the citizen $31 09 cents only
in the hundred upon his consumption. The whig
paity desire a continuance of the tariff bill of 1842,
which taxes the citizen, without necessity, double
that sum—$62 18. This is the exact point of dif-
ference between the whig and republican parties,
upon the tariff. Which is right? I submit that ques-
tion to the American people, with an abiding confi-
dence that they will, as heretofore, decide in favor
of low taxation, and hence demand a repeal of .the
tariff bill of 1842.
Sir, I now turn to another branch of the subject,
which is the incidental protection afforded the man-
ufacturers by a revenue duty of 20 per cent.; it is
not less than 35 percent. The fieight, insurance,
and commissions for forwarding goods from Europe
to America, amount to 15 per cent.; which as effec-
tually protects the home manufacturer, as does the
duty of 20 per cent, imposed by your statute.^ Add
the incidental expenses upon importations 'to the
revenue duty of 20 per cent., and it affords protec-
tion to the home manufacturer, as before remarked,
of 35 per cent.
Is this not protection enough for all reasonable
purposes? Why do the manufacturers of this coun-
try claim protection? They tell us it is necessaiy
because labor is cheaper in Europe than in Amer-
ica. I admit that labor is cheapcr there than here;
but it must be remembered that everything else i=> as
cheap, or cheaper, here than there. Fuel, provisions,
and the raw materials are all cheaper here than
there. Machinery and interest upon money is about
equal in both countries. The skill and enterprise
of the New England Yankee, in relation to every-
thing connected with dollars and cants, is-fully
equal to any that old England can exhibit on the
other side-of the.Atlanti'c. It is obvious, then, that
the poly difference between th® two oountrW«i "i tfcs
