MJP*:
ro
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOM
•28th Cong 2d Skss.
Etee. 1844.
Railroad Iron—Mr. Payne.
-H. of Reps.
Womens' satin boots and shoes 32
Jewelry 00
Ornaments for head dress 30
Table tops of marble inlaid with precious
stones 30
Madeira wine   26
Champagne wine   12
Diamonds   7j
Gems, pearls, and precious stones 7|
Cut glass, chandeliers, lustres, &c 135
Refined sugar 100
Average rate of tax upon articles of taste and
luxury 36
Diserimination against the poor by the tariff bill
of 1842 84
Why this difference in the burden of taxation be-
tween the rich and the poor? I anticipate the stere-
otyped answer: "It is necessary to tax articles of
small bulk and great value lightly in order to pre-
vent smuggling." But that answer is unsatisfacto-
ry. A bolt of Wilton carpeting is as difficult to con-
ceal and smuggle as is a bolt of ingrain carpeting.
Table-tops of marble, inlaid with precious stones,
are as difficult to conceal and smuggle as is a bolt
of cotton bagging; and a bale of cotton goods is
quite as easy smuggled as is a bale of silk goods.
There is, then, some other reason for this inequali-
ty of taxation upon the consumption of the poor as
compared with the consumption of the rich; and I
desire to be informed what that reason is.
Sir the fact must not be disjuised: for this extra-
ordinary system of taxation and iniquitous imposi-
tion against the poor there are two reasons—first,
those who legislate for the people are usually men
of wealth, or if not themselves wealthy, they are
are the mere slaves of some powerful capitalist by
whose permission they exist pecuniarily and politi-
cally, and whose commands they must obey with
the abject servility ofa bondman. Such men, either
to subserve their individual interest, or the interest
of their masters, are commanded so to adjust every
revenue bill passed by this government as to exempt
the rich from paying their due proportion of taxes
into the public treasury. Secondly, coarse, articles
are those which are almost exclusively manufactured
in the United States. It is upon those articles pro-
tectionis desired; and, therefore, the odious discrimi-
nations in the tariff of 1842 for that purpose.
Now, sir, is it just to tax the poor throughout
this vast republic unreasonably high, to secure
high and unjust profits to the capitalist engaged in
manufacturing articles which they consume? And is
it not still more iniquitous to tax the poor 84 per
cent, higher than you do the wealthy for this pur-
poser
Mr. Speaker, I desire no exemption of the poor
from the payment of their just proportion of tax for
the support of this government. The foundation
of our institutions is laid upon the equality of priv-
ilege, and corresponding burden of the citizen.
Wealth is ho evidence of merit, nor is poverty of
crime. 1 cannot consent to pet the one, and pun-
ish the odier. The government of the United States,
in theory, extends the same protection of life, liber-
ty, and property, to the American citizen in the
mud walled cottage, thatched with straw, and tenan-
ted by poverty, that it does to the man of wealth,
the civilian, or the hero, whose deeds of arms have
crowned with glory the military renown of his
country. This is the beauty of our system of gov-
ernment; it extends equal protection to ali; and all
are equally bound to contribute their just proportion
for the support of that government. I would,
therefore, resist any effoit to exempt the poor from
paying their due proportion for the support of gov-
ernment. But what I demand is equality of taxa-
tion. This you dare not openly refuse. There 13
not an advocate of the tariff bill of 1842, who has the
moral courage to do so; and yet you support that
hill, which does secretly that which you dare not
publicly avow. .
But, Mr. Chairman, a new doctrine has prevailed
of late, to some extent, among the advocates of the
protective policy. We are told that "high taxes
make low prices."
[Mr. Andrew Stewart here said: that proposi-
tion is true."]   , ,
Mr. Payne continued. The gentleman from
Pennsylvania endorses this absurdity. If it be true,
why is the gentleman himself the advocate of mgu
taxation? His constituents are deeply interested in
manufactures; and, consequently, in high prices for
the. product of their labor. If the gentleman really
believes his own statement^ and desires faithfully to
represent the interest of his constituents, why is he
not the advocate of low taxation, thereby securing
to them high prices for the product of their labor?
Sir, I read in the National Intelligencer a speech
delivered by the gentleman from Pennsylvania
during the late canvass for the presidency, in which
he exhibited a tabular list of article's, arranging the
enormous duties imposed by the tariff bill of 1842
in one column, and a duty of 20 per cent, in the
other. The former, he told his constituents, was
the protection offered them by Mr. Clay; and the
latter he characterized the ruinous policy contem-
plated by Gov. Polk, which would reduce the labor
of his constituents to one-half its real value. Was
that statement true? If so, his present declaration
that "high taxes produce low prices" is untrue. To
his constituents he said, "low duties produced low
prices;" to us he says, "/%£ duties make low prices."
Now, sir, both these positions cannot be true. They
involve a palpable contradiction; and the genileman
either imposed upon the credulity of his constltu- i.
ents in August last, or else he is now practicing up- :'
on the gullibility of this House. Gentlemen must
conform their action to theory, or cease to command
the confidence and respect of mankind. , 
Sir, (said Mr. P.,) we live in the nineteenth centu-
ry? it is an age of discovery. What had Professor
Morse not been able to accomplish? By the
astonishing contrivance of his electro-magnetic tele-
graph, two persons at the distance of ten thousand
miles asunder could hold a conversation with the
same facility as two gentlemen here sitting next
each other. This struck the mind with admiration,
and the name of the inventor would live "to the last
syllable of recorded time." Then look at Professor
Espy. He had discovered the rise and progress of
storms, so that we were enabled to tell beforehand
the precise moment when a storm would reach us
while it was a thousand miles off. This was an
immense philosophical diseovery indeed, and placed
the name of its inventor high on the rolls of fame.
Then there was Colt's sub-marine battery—a won-
derful contrivance, which was like to revolutionize
our whole system of coast and harbor defence.
Many who heard him had witnessed its wondrous
effects. They had seen a majestic vessel, proudly
making her way under full sail, in a moment blown
into ten thousand atoms and whelmed beneath the
waves. These were certainly great and splendid
discoveries, yet they sunk into utter insignificance
when compared to the late whig discovery that
"high duties make low prices." The statesmen
who advocate this absurdity are exotics, and belong
not to this hemisphere. They should go to England.
What invaluable services would they render Glueen
Victoria, their mistress, could they convince the dis-
contented millions now united under the corn-law
league—and who, by their power and influence,
threaten to tear up from its very foundation the
established power of centuries—that the high rate
of duty imposed on grain diminished the pricc! Sir,
by doing this, they would not only command the
gratitude of the Glueen, but secure preferment; and
at the same time give contentment to the discontent-
ed millions who believe themselves the victims ofa
system of oppression equalled only by the tariff
law of 1842.
But, sir, 1 do not design to leave this question
here. It is maintained that "high duties make low
prices" by those who occupy high places before the
country, and possess, in some decree, the public
confidence. Many honest men are deceived, and
consequently misled, by this absurd dogma. I pro-
pose, therefore, to examine the doctrine a little
more closely.
Sir, labor and interest upon money are the ele-
ments of production. The amount of each necessa-
ry to produce a given article, constitutes the intrin-
sic value of that article; and, at this day, with the im-
provement of machinery, and cheapness of labor,
every article is produced at the lowest possible cost.
If, then, an entire system of free trade existed with
all the woi Id, every article of consumption would be
obtained at its intrinsic value, which consists in just
compensation for labor, and interest upon money
used in its production. I admit the law of supply
and demand would occasionally produce temporary
vibrations from this point of value. But if, at any
time, the supply was too great for the demand, or
the demand greater than the supply, a diminished
production m the one case, or an increased produc-
tion in the other, would soon restore the equilibri-
um, and cure the evil. Hence we may calculate
with great certainty, that no article of production,
where competition is free to all the world, can re-
main above or below its intrinsic value for'any
considerable period of time. •  
Now, sir, every article of production must bring,
when sold, its intrinsic value: that is, it must indem-
nify the producer not only for his labor, but interest
upon capital used in its production; otherwise the
production must stop, or ruin-to the producer would
be the consequence.
To illustrate: suppose a bolt of cloth manufactured
in Europe cost, in producing it, including transpor-
tation to this country, $100: if this government im-
pose a tax of 50 percent, upon this cloth, which
amounts to $,50, it could not be deducted from the
value of that cloth, because that would reduce the
price of the article 50 per cent, below the actual cost
of producing it; and to sell at that price would result
in ruin to the producer. What, thc-n,is the conse-
quence? . If the demand for cjloth in this market be
so great that it will bring, when sold, a price which
will pay the duty and still indemnify the producer,
it will be sold in our market; but the duty in this
case becomes an element of cost to the consumer,
and increases the price to him just 50 per cent.—the
exact amount of the duty imposed by government.
But if the demand for cloth in our market is insuffi-
cient for this purpose, the cloth is excluded, and
seeks a market elsewhere. How are we to ascer-
tain this fact? I answer, by your custom-house re-
ceipts. If revenue be actually collected upon the
bolt of cloth, the price of that article must be in-
creased by the duty. But if the cloth is excluded
from our market by increased duty, no revenue is
collected. It therefore follows, that the doctrine that
"high duties make low prices" is an absurd dogma,
originating in the distempeied fancy of some in-
terested monopolist.
What is the object of a duty when raised above
the revenue standard? It is to protect some branch
of "home industry," as it is called: against what?—
low prices. If the duty imposed by government
doe s not increase the price of the foreign article
upon which it is laid, what protection against low
prices does it afford the domestic article which comes
in competition with the foreign article? None earth-
ly. Take, for example, a hat, which can be manu-
factured in Europe and brought to this countryand '
sold for §3. Against the low price of this foreign hat
the domestic hat maker asks protection. Govern-
ment, to meet his wishes, imposes a tax of one dol-
lar upon the foreign hat. Now, if this tax of §1
does not increase the cost of the foreign hat, it will
still be sold for $3; and, for the life of me, I cannot
see how the domestic hat maker is protected by the
duty. But if the $1 tax imposed by government be-
comes an element of cost, it increases the price of
the foreign hat to $4; and then it is yery obvious
the domestic hat maker is protected to the amount
of one dollar. If the duty, had not been impos-
ed by government, the domestic hat maker
could have sold his hat for but $3, that being the
price of the foreign hat, supposing the wearer of
hats would purchase the cheapest article; but the
value of the foreign hat having been increased by
the duty to $4, the domestic hat can be sold for $4
also. If, then, I am correct in this view of the sub-
ject, the doctrine contended for by the advocates of
'the protective policy presents a palpable contradic-
tion. 1st. We are told high duties must be laid
upon imports to protect the domestic manufacturer
against the low pi ice of foreign goods. 2d. We are
told that high duties make low prices. What a pal-
pable contradiction and gross absurdity ! "Vet such
is the nonsense to which the advocates of error al-
ways resort to sustain a question condemned by
reason, justice, and the plainest principles of com-
mon sense. I dismiss this branch of the subject.
Mr. Speaker, I have now repelled the slander at-
tempted to be palmed off upon the counti'y, that
the democratic party are in favor of an entiie sys-
tem of free trade. I have also demonstrated that a
revenue duty of 20 per cent., added to the incident-
al expenses of bringing goods from Europe to
America, affords ample incidental protection to the
domestic manufacturer; and that the. tariff bill! of
1842 plunders labor and fosters capital; that it dis-
criminates odiously against the poor, by levying
high duties upon necessaries, and in favor ofthfe
rich, by laying lowdutiesupon luxuries; and, there-
fore, ought to be repealed. The fallacious doctrine
that "high duties make low prices," I have also
exposed. It now only remains for jne to charac-
terize the tariff bill of 1842 as it deserves to be
characterized, and trace its consequences to a con- ,
elusion, if not repealed. .
Sir, that is an odious bill—a legislative monstjr.
