r<i
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
28th Cong.. ..2d Sess.
Annexation of Texas—Mr: Sample.
management of our municipal con-
eonfined to the
cerns.
Treaties, by the constitution, were made "su-
preme laws" of the land, and they were beyond the
r^ach Of mere legislative action: acts of Congress
were subject to repeal and modification from time to
time, as the whim or caprice of the popular opinion
might incline; thence the means whereby we acquire
territory should be and were fixed and stable, and
beyond the fluctuations to which they would be sub-
ject by simple legislation. The annexation, there-
lore, of Texas, or any other foreign territory, by an
act of Congress, would be an assumption of sov-
ereignty not warranted by the constitution, would
be void and not obligatory and binding, other upon
the States of this Union or upon the people.
Ttf could treat for foreign territory, because this
had become now our settled policy; but at first Mr.
Jefferson and the strict constructionists of that day
denied this power even by treaty, and Mr. Jefferson
interceded with his friends to obtain an amendment
of the constitution to authorize the acquisition of
Louisiana. The acquisition of that territoiy was a
great question of public policy. Mr. S. did not re-
gret that the power had in that case been exercised,
because it was a case of the highest necessity. It
secured to us the navigation of the Mississippi, and
settled the boundary which went to protect the com*
morce of the West. Yet Mr. Jefferson had been so
deeply convinced of its being beyond the constitu-
tion, that in his letter to Mr. Lincoln of the 30th
August, 1803, he went so far as to propose the form
of an amendment to the constitution expressly to
provide for cases of that description.
Mr. S. now read from Mr. Jeffeison's letter to
Mr. Lincoln, as follows:
"On further consideration, as to the amendment of our
constitution respecting Louisana, I have thought it better,
instead of enumerating the powers which Congress may ex-
ercise, to give them the same powers they have as to other
portions of the Union generally, and to enumerate the spe-
cial exceptions in some such form as the follow ing: 'Louisi-
ana, as ceoed by France to the United States, is made a part
of the United states, its white inhabitants shall becitr/ens,
and stand, a? to their rights and obligations, on the same
footing with other citizens of the United States in analogous
situation save only that, as to the portion thereof lying north
of an easi and west line dirfwn through the mouth of the Ar-
kansas river, no new State shall he established, nor any
grants of land made other than to Indians, in exchange for
equivalent portions of land occupied by them, until an
nmendment of the constitution shall be made for these pur-
poses.
"Florida also, whenever it mav be rightfully obtained,
fthallLccomeapartof the United States; its white inhabit-
ants shall thereupon he citizens, and shall stand, ass to their
rights and obligations, on the same footing with other citi-
zens of the United States in analogous situations.
"I quote this for your consideration, observing that the
less that is said about any constitutional difficulty the bet-
ter, and that it will be desirable for Congress to do what is
necessary in silence."—Vol.4, p 1.
Again: Mr. Jefferson, in his letter to Mr. Breck-
enridge of the 12th August, 1803, in relation to the
same subject, says:
"The constitution has made no provision for our holding
foreign territory, still less for incorporating foreign na-
tions mto our Union. The executive, in seizing the fugi-
tive occurrence which so much advances the good of their
country, have done an act beyond the constitution/'—Vol.
3, p. 612.
The same doubts were entertained with regard to
the admission of Florida, and the amendment was
intended to cover that case also, but Mr. Jefferson
advised that the thing should be managed quietly and
silently. Mr. S., however, should not dispute at
this day the power of the President and the Senate
to make treaties for the acquisition of territory: but
beyond that limit he could not go. The annexing
of a foreign nation to our government, even by trea-
ty, was quite another question; and when that ques-
tion properly arose; no doubt the treaty-making
power would properly settle it.
But yet another gentleman had produced a reason
worthy of notice, and equally stiong with those to
which he had already referred, to show that this
House had the power to annex Texas by joint res-
olution; and it was this; that we had a wing Senate,
which had already negatived the Texas treaty, and
therefore a resort to the legislative power being the
only remaining mode to effect the object, Congress
bad the right to do it. This was a new mode of
settling constitutional questions, viz: by a hop, skip,
and jump over the constitution. Among the nega-
tive votes by which the treaty had been rejected in
the Senate, were to be found those of the most dis-
tinguished apostles of democracy in that body. He
need not enumerate their names, because they were
known to every body.
Mr- S. insisted that all contracts between nation
H. of Rfeps.
and nation must be effected by the treaty power
alone. No instance could be produced in which
they had ever been made by simple legislation. The
powers assigned to the legislature had respect only
to the domestic concerns of the government; there
the legislation of Congress must stop, because the
constitution allowed it to proceed no further. It was
undoubtedly true, however, that Congress must act
in concurrence with - the treaty power in appropriat-
ing the money requisite to carry treaty stipulations
into effect.
But there was-another question connected with
this matter to which Mr. S. would invite the atten-
tion of gentlemen. Suppose this measure should
carry, and it should be decided that, by the vote of
Congress, Texas could be annexed to the United
States: Mr. S. knew of no act which Congress
could do that Congress was not capable of undoing.
Suppose the party now in power should annex
Texas, and hereafter, by a revolution in politics,
such as this country had so frequently witnessed,
the party how opposed to the measure should come
into power and repeal the law: he wanted to know
what would become of the union between the two
countries. The act of legislation was the only ce-
ment which held the two together. Legislation
might separate them again. What stability, then,
could there be as to the ex'ent of our territory, or
the position of its boundaries? Public opinion was
now said to demand the annexation; but public opin-
ion might change. It is said the people of Texas
are sovereign and independent. If so, they have
intrusted to their legislators only such powers as
were necessary for their government and welfare as
a distinct and sovereign people. The resolutions
under consideration provided that the union should
be perfect after their passage here, and "after the
supreme authorities of Texas should have formally
agreed to these resolutions." Now, here was a
proposition attempting to confer on the legislators of
Texas (who were the "supreme authorities1') a
power not conferred upon them by their charter of
government; for it was contrary to the innate princi-
ples and the forms of all republican governments
that the legislatures should usurp the powers of
sovereignty. They were alone of the people, and
there alone did they abide. Then, if sovereignty
was with the people of Texas, how could their le-
gislators deprive them of it? And how could legis-
lation attach them to another nation by mere legis-
lative enactment, as is here proposed? These ques-
tions applied to Texas just as well as they did to
the United States. Texian legislation could no more
take away the sovereignty of the Texian people,
than American legislation could take away the sov-
ereignty of the American people. Mr. S. denied
both.
He should now proceed to show that it was not
the design of the framers of the constitution that any
such construction should be given to the third sec-
tion of the fourth article as was now sought to be
put upon it. He would show that there was not a
word or syllable in that clause, nor so much as a
thought in the brains of those who framed the con-
stitution, to extend it beyond the admission of
States formed from our own territory, the sove-
reignty over which was secured by the treaty with
Great Britain m 1783. On the 29th May, 1787,
Mr. Randolph, of Virginia, introduced m conven-
tion the programme of a form of government, con-
tained in aseuesof resolutions. The tenth of these
resolutions read as follows:
"Ixcsolred, That provision ovght to be made for the ad-
mission of States lawfully arising within the limits of the
United States, v hether from a voluntary junction of govern-
ment and terniory or otherv ise. \\ ith the consent of a num-
ber of voices m the nation?! legislature less than the
w hole/'
This resolution went to the Committee of the
Whole, and by that committee was reported back
in the same words; and on debating it, Mr. Madi-
son said:
"The prospect of many m-*\v States to the westward was
anothei consideration of impoi lance,' See.
On the 26th of July these resolutions were com-
mitted to a Committee of Detail, the 10th in the pre-
cise form as above; and on the 6th of August the
committee reported back to the convention a form
of a constitution based principally on Mr. Ran-
dolph's resolutions, the 17th article of which pro-
vided that "new States lawfully constituted and es-
tablished within the limits of the United States may
be admitted," &c.
Afterwards, when this form, submitted by the
Committee of Detail, was under consideration, every
member who debated the clause providing for the
admission of "new States" into the Union spoke of
them as to be formed or as formed out of the territo-
ry then within the limits of the United States. Mr.
Gouverneur Morris, in reply to arguments of other
members of the convention, said "he did not wish
to bind down the legislature to admit western States
on the terms herestated," . '
Mr. Madison insisted "that the western States
neither would nor ought to Submit to a union which
degraded them from an equal rank with the other
States."
After considerable debate in the convention on
the proposition to admit "new States" into the
Union, and which was treated and spoken of by all
who took part in the discussion as one to admit the
"new States" out of our then existing territory, on
Mr. Morris's motion the 17th article, as reported
by the Committee of Detail, was modified to read
as it now stands in the constitution.
Mr. S. would call the attention of gentlemen to
these remarks and to the phraseology of the propo-
sitions themselves; they show plainly what the con-
vention intended. Here is presented a concise view
of the doings of the convention, in which no men-
tion is made of foreign territory; nor, in the whole
elaborate action of the convention on the subject, is
there a word or syllable, thought or act, by which
we can infer that the convention intended the in-
corporation of foreign territory or foreign states in-
to the Union. If it had so intended, who did it
not employ carefully the term new Sta'es, and its
members invariably speak of them as arising out of
the "western" country? It will thus be seen that,
while no express power is in terms granted in the
constitution to annex foreign territory, the history
of its formation forbids the idea that any such
power was intended to be granted.
Mr. S. said it must be evident, if the old mode of
construction was pursued, namely, to resort to the
intention of the framers to decide on the true pur-
port of the instrument, that not one word in this
clause was intended to refer to any other territory
but that within the limits of the Union.
It had been contended during this debate that, as
Vermont had been admitted into the Union after
she was in the enjoyment of a constitution, and
was already a sovereign and independent State,
therefore, on the same principle and under this pre-
cedent, we might admit Texas. But, in reply to
that argument, Mr. S. would show that the case of
Vermont was in the contemplation of the conven-
tion when this article respecting the admission of
new States was adopted, and that it was framed
with an express view to the admission of Vermont.
Mr. S. here read the following extract: -
"On the 30th of August, when the 17th article (reported
as befoie stated) was under consideration. Dr. Johnson
moved to insert the words 'hergafter formed or5 after the
woids 'bhall be,' in the substitute for ai-ticle 17* ('the more
clearly,5 says Mr. Madison, 'to save Vermont, as being al-
ready formed into a State, from a dependence on the content
of .New York for her admission.") The motion w as agreed
to."
This provision, made in convention with a direct
view to the admission of Vermont into the Union,
cannot, by even a forced construction, be made to
apply to the subject now under consideration.
Immediately ofter the clause for the admission of
new States follows the provision for "disposing of
and making ail needful rules and regulations respect-
ing the territory oi other property belonging to the
United States." Showing very plainly what sort
of "new States," were intended in the foregoing
clau&e. Here was the whole matter. The power
did not relate to foreign territory in any view of it.
The very idea was not in the minds either of those
who proposed the clause, or those who debated it,
or those who finally adopted it.
But it has been contended that the measure now
proposed would not be the annexation of new terri-
tory, but the reannexation of territory which had
once been ours, and of which we had been wrong-
fully deprived by the blunders of a former adminis-
tration. Now, Mr. S., for one, was a man who,
when a bargain was mad*, was willing to live by the
terms of it. The United States and Spain liad been
chaffering, and mutually claiming, and each en-
deavoring to get the better of the other in the na-
tional bargain they were about to, make. Spain
urged the Mississippi river as the eastern boundary
of the disputed territory, and the United States con-
tended that the Rio Del Norte was the western
boundary. And after the usual preliminaries which
accompanied all bargain-making, they finally
down upon terms to which both wouldagfee.; Those
