74
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
Dec. 1844.
'28th Cong 2d Sess.
Independent Treasury—Mr. Henley.
H. of Reps.
SPEECH OF ,MB. HENLEY,
of indiana,
In the House of Representatives, December 22, 1844—
On the bill for the collection, safekeeping, and
disbursement of the public moneys.
Mr. HENLEY said he had no desire to go into
an investigation of the causes which led to the glo-
rious political victory lately achieved by the demo-
cratic party—that party to which he was proud to
belong: nor was he ambitious to enter into debate
here at any time, for he had perceived that speeches
made upon that floor had but little weight there or
elsewhere; but if the time of the House must be
occupied in that manner, he would take the liberty
to use a small share of it.
The gentleman from New York [Mr. Hunt] has
said that, at the time of the Baltimore convention,
or prior to it, the democratic parly had determined
to have a new mail and new measures. Nov/ that
gentleman must have known well that no new
measuifs were adopted by the Baltimore conven-
tion, save one; and that on an emergency which had
at that time arisen, which did not conflict with a
single principle of democracy; but, on the contrary,
was in perfect unison with every principle in our
political creed. As to the fact which seems to haunt
the gentleman and his party like Banquo's ghost-
viz: that we did not choose to nominate Mr. Van
Buret]—it was easily explained, and was in a great
degree to be attributed to the whigs themselves.
They had pursued him so long with such an unre-
mitting flood of falsehood, slander, and detraction,
that the people, who are themselves always honest
and confiding, were induced to give some credence
to their statements. The election was close at hand.
T here was not time enough intervening to counter-
act the impression which had been, he frankly con-
fessed, but too successfully made upon the public
mind. We believed that we could elect Mr. "Van
Buren; but, to make assurance doubly sure, as so
much depended upon the contest—as the very des-
tinies of republican liberty hung upon that issue
 we fancied (possibly without cause) that the
prejudices agfinst Mr. Van Buren were too
strongly rooted to be removed m season for
the election—therefore we chose a new man; and
besides, wc knew full well the habits and propen-
sities of our opponents. We knew their desire in
political contests to call to their aid the weapons of
slander and detraction; we determined to take a
man impervious to all their shafts; we determined to
take a man and rush him in before their favorite
instruments of warfare could perform their office.
But, sir, there was another thing which, I confess,
had something to do with the choice of the Balti-
more convention. Our opponents had marshalled all
their forces, and had been training and drilling them
for years against Mr. Van Buren; they had spent time
and labor and money without stmt, and with a zeal
worthy a better cause, in manufacturing capital to
operate against him; they had been laying away
documents; they had literally piled Pelion upon
Ossa in their store-house of capital—in their maga-
zine of political ammunition for the campaign of
1844. Their artillery was ready, the match was
blazing, and they awaited only the action of our
convention to "cry havoc, and let slip the dogs of
of war;" but behold, when that convention rose a
new leader headed our columns a new standard
bearer bore aloft our flag. They had lost their cap-
ital; "Othello's occupation was gone;" their small
arms would not reach us, and their big guns were
rendered useless. Hence their piteous wail, their
anxious inquiry, "why did you not nominate Mr. J aa
Buren." But the gentleman takes consolation in
another thing about which he is equally at fault.
Mr. Van Buren stands as high now in the estimation
of the American democracy as he ever did; he has
only been requested to stand aside for one equaly
yet not more worthy, equally yet not more pme and
virtuous, equally yet not more devoted to our pnn-
cip^s but one on whom the swill tubs of federal
slander had not then been emptied, but who has
since received a full share of their filthy contents with
an effect which should deter the operators hom
similar efforts in future. The charge of tory-
ism against the venerable ancestor of 1 resident
Polk has recoiled upon the heads of its guilty prop-
agators with a withering force and efficacy that
makes them shrink from the very gaze of the high-
minded and noble of all parties. This hyena-like
resurrection of the Uones of a revolutionary patriot
this unhallowed defamation of the name of bzekiel
folk, who fought through the whol# revolutionary
struggle with a zeal and undaunted bravery equalled
only by those who shared with him the same scenes
of toil and danger, has received a rebuke at the
hands of the American people which must forever
deter all whose hearts are base enough to prompt
them to the perpetration of similar outrages.
Mr. H. would next advert to the remark of the-
gentleman from Ohio, [Mr. Sciienck,] viz:—that
he [Mr. S.] could see no distinction among demo-
crats in making selections for office; that he had told
his people the democracy would be as likely to
choose one man as another; and that he had particu-
larly cautioned all the county-court lawyers of his
acquaintance in the locofoco ranks to look out when-
ever a democratic convention should be in ses-
sion, for they might with as much propriety be put
in nomination for the presidency as Mr. Polk had
been. This is no new remark to me (said JVTr. H.;)
I have heard it before—heard it in the bar-rooms and
upon the steamboats. It was but the other day a gen-
tleman said to mc: "Why, sir, this election shows
that your party has no respect for great men; you
could take up a constable and elect him." To this
I replied, "Certainly, sir; and there are a great ma-
ny constables whom I, and I doubt not a majority
of the people, would vote for'in preference to your
'great embodiment.'" Now, Mr. H. would say to
the gentleman from Ohio that there was more in
these remarks than meets the eye. It carries us back
to the true principles which divide the parties; it
shows that while wc look to great principles as the
beacon-light which guides us onward, they are fol-
lowing the blind lead of men; that while ice draw
our lessons from the experience and wisdom of the
past, and the example and advice of our republi-
can fathers, they are passively following ill the
train of partisan leaders, and denouncing the
democracy as progressive democrats. There is
is nothing (said Mr. H.) in which the parties
differ so widely as in their estimation of men. For
one, sir, I reject all those ideas of nobility, or even
great superiority, among certain families or connec-
tions. I believe there is far less difference in the
capacity and mental ability of men than is supposed
to exist, even by many of my own party. My in-
tercourse with the people (and it has been with all
classes) has satisfied me that you are as likely to
find men of worth, integrity, and honesty—yes,
even high intellectual endowments—among what is
invidiously termed the middle and lowter classes—as
in the so-called higher walks of life. Give me, sir,
child of the humble laborer, that I find in rags in the
street, out of which to mould the man of energy,
of usefulness, and of talents. Ours is a country of
equal rights; and it approximates much nearer to a
country of equal talents than many have supposed.
And I would say to all young men that energy and
perseverance are the main secrets of success; and al-
though they may look at those in high places,
and become giddy at the very thought of ascending
to the same eminence, yet they possess within
themselves all the abilities necessary to enable them
to fill those same stations with credit to themselves
and advantage to the country. Is an example re-
quired? The very subject which furnishes matter
for this debate gives a memorable one. The hum-
boy thirty years ago, in the v/ilds of Tennessee, is
now the President elect of a nation of eighteen mil-
lions of freemen. This is the beauty of our govern-
ment; and, above all, it is in perfect harmony with the
principles of democracy. This sneering of our op-
ponents at the election of a man whom they caft ob-
scure and comparatively unknown, is proof, con-
clusive proof, of their aristocracy of feeling, and of
the utter contempt with which they look upon the
worth and integrity of the masses, and strikes at the
very root of the principles which divide the two
great political parties in this country.
With the democracy, men are nothing—princi-
ples everything. And when the people have onre
decided upon a principle or a measure, the greatest
men ill the country are perfectly impotent m any
effort to thwart their will. Why, sir, the leaders,
or those who fancy themselves as such, are all mis-
taken. They imagine that, because they have pur-
sued a course of policy which has met the approba-
tion of the country, it was their views and opinions
which formed and moulded the sentiments of the
people; when, in fact, they were only instruments
in the hands of the people to execute their will. To
test this, let any one of those men attempt, for a
moment, to stand in opposition to popular senti-
ment: he is instantly swept away by an ava-
lanche of public indignation; and becomes as
much the object of detestation and contempt as he
had been of respect and admiration. L'fet, then, all >
who aspire to be' leaders be certain to dead in nhe
direction indicated by public sentiment,- if they de-
sire tc> be successful. . '
But, sir, a word or two in regard to the independent
treasury. Was that question in issue.in the- last
campaign? It was certainly as much a test question"
then as it was in 1840, when our opponents claimed
it to have been directly in issue. Now, when they
came into power in 1841 the first and almost the
only thing they did, except the ereation'of a mam-
moth bankrupt lav?, was the repeal of the constitu-
tional treasury; and what was the consequence?
Why, sir, they went to the codntry for a justifica-
tion of what they had done, and the result was that,
from an overwhelming niajoiity in this hall, they
have been reduced to a lean, minority. It may not
be, sir, that the people have decided precisely in
favor of this bill; but they have declared that the
democracy shall hold the reins of government. We
m.e—and were in the contest—known to be opposed
to a national bank, and to be equally hostile to a re-
turn to the pet-bank system, which we have our-
selves tried, and it has been alike condemned by both
parties. This will not be denied. What, then, is
expected of us? What are we expected to do by
those who voted the democratic ticket in the last
election? The United States Bank and the State bank
system arc both repudiated by the paople. Is it not,
then, our bounden duty, without delay, to provide
some safe and constitutional means for the collec-
tion, safa-keeping, and disbursing of the publie
funds? This we have done in the bill now before
the committee. Its provisions seem to me to be sal-
utary and proper; it therefore has my hearty sup-
port; and in my judgment its passage into a la'w is
as necessary and expedient as even the existence of
the authority which creates your officers of the army
or navy, or any other of the departments of govern-
ment. There is now no place of deposite for the
public moneys; there are no officers legally authorized
to receive and disburse them. The purse as well as the
sword is, in fact, in the hands of the executive. The
government cannot be kept in motion without this or
some other law for the same purpose. It seems to
me that all opposition to this measure now should
cease. Formally our opponents opposed it because
they had hopes of establishing in its stead their fa-
vorite project of a national bank; but now, since that-
has become an "obsolete idea," and they have aban-
doned all hopes in that quarter, and as they have
proposed no substitute for it, one would suppose,
and the country has a right to expect^ that hostility
to the measure would now cease, and it would have
been permitted quietly to become a law. But, sir,
the country is at least indebted to the democracy for
one thing. Prior to the adoption of the independ-
ent treasury by the democratic party, there was no
law providing for the punishment of government
officers for purloining or embezzling the public
money. That bill contained strong penal provis-
ions against such officers. In 1841, when the
whigs had determined on the destruction of the in-
dependent treasury, the democrats made a strong
and successful appeal to the whig majority to re-
tain the penal sections of the law. It is, therefore,
to the democratic party the people are indebted for
the laws now in force providing severe penalties
for defaulting public officers.
But, sir, the gentleman from New York [Mr.
Hunt] has endeavored to fix inconsistency upon
the democratic party in voting against Gen. Gor-
don's bill, and afterwards for the independent treas-
ury. Now, in regard to that matter, with which
we have been so often taunted, the facts are, that, at
the time Mr. Gordon's proposition was made, we
were trying what afterwards proved to be an unsuc-
cessful experiment, in seeking a substiute for the
federal scheme of collecting and disbursing the pub-
lic money by a national bank. IVtr. G.'s plan could
not, therefore, be then adopted, even though it does,
in the gentleman's imagination, bear some resem-
blance to the measure now under discussion; and
yet we are not convicted of inconsistency, as the
gentleman seems so triumphantly to imagine. But
it has seemed to me to be a good rule that those who
live in glass houses should be the last to throw
stones. My friend says we once opposed a scheme
similar to this we are now advocating. Now, letus
apply his rule to his own case. Where was be, sir,
in 183G and 1840? Was he not the supporter Qt
Mr. Van Buren and the sub-treasury? And is he
not now here to denounce them both? And has be
not also been a democratic candidate for "Congress;
and defeated, when this wag one of the measures o\
