76
APPENDtX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
Dec,.1844..
28th Cong 2d Sess.
Independent Treasury—Mr. Henley.
H. of Eeps.
Hamilton. It was in this way, and upon these issues,
that the battle was fought and won; and for our op-
ponents now to slirink from the consequences of
a victory on our part, so fairly and honorably won
upon, their own issues, exhibits a degree of cow-
ardice and want of manly bearing unworthy of
that foe which gave us so hard a fight, and cost
us so' much ammunition to conquer. No, let
them acknowledge the truth; they are beaten—rout-
ed, horse, foot, and dragoons, upon their own battle
field. Let them show the white' feather, and ask
an honorable capitulation and cessation of hostili-
ties, or boldly gird on their armor and meet us again
in the field of political combat. We are ready to
fight them again upon the old issues, or to meet
them upon any new alias they may choose fo as-
sume. Let them, if they dare, raise the prescrip-
tive flag of native Americanism, join the church-
burners, and kindle in this country the flame of re-
ligious persecution which burned with such fearful
intensity during the bloody reign of Glueen Eliza-
beth in the sixteenth century—or disband their
forces, as they did upon the accession of the demo-
cratic party to power in the election of that great
apostle of American democracy, Thomas Jefferson,
in the memorable political conflict of 1799 and 1800,
and thus generously give to the new administration
a fair trial. Let there be no disguises, no conceal-
ments, no denial of facts, no dodging the great is-
sues. "We are prepared now, as we shall be in all
time to come, and have been on all former occasions,
to do battle upon the eternal platform of democracy,
equal rights, equal Jaws to all, and exclusive privi-
leges to none; and for the perpetuation of those
great principles of human liberty, and their trans-
mission, unsullied and unimpaired, to succeeding
generations.
In reference to the tariff, I have only to say that
it will be adjusted by the democratic party in the
beginning of Mr. Polk's administration, and adjust-
ed, too, in such a manner as will give satisfaction to
the country. I trust, sir, we shall be able to satisfy
not only Pennsylvania, but even South Carolina—
notwithstanding the democracy of one of her repre-
sentatives [Mr. Holmes] stands so straight up that
it leans over the other way; and notwithstanding
the declaration of the same gentleman last summer,
that he had no hope of the salvation of the country
except from the democratic party , and but little from
them. The declaration of my friend from Alabama
[Mr. Pavnil] on yesterday, (and for which I sincere-
ly thank him,) in which he indignantly threw bark
the slander that is in every whig newspaper, and m
the mouth of every whig orator m the land, that the
southern democracy were for free trade and direct
taxation, convinces me of the entire practicability
of settling the tariff question in such a manner as to
give entire satisfaction to every section of the Union,
and upon such a basis as will not be^ shaken for
twenty years to come. The tariff of lcs42 jnust be
modified. In three-fourths of its details it is odious,
oppressive, and unjust. It is misnamed. It is not
protective, but in the highest degree oppressive.
And, as I remarked at the last session of Congress,
it was the "resolute determination of the democ-
racy to modify that tariff so soon as we should have
a President and a Senate whose opinions coincided
with those of the House of Representatives and of
the people"—a state of things which I then pre-
dicted was not far distant—a prediction winch has
already been partly and will shortly be perfectly
fulfilled. But the tariff is not so exclusively a party
question. The present tariff was passed m the
House by the votes of democrats representing in-
terests locally affected by its provisions—a large
number of whigs voting against it; and in the
Senate its passage was secuied by the votes of those
sterling democrats Wright and Buchanan, though
they were opposed to many of the details of the
bill and are now in favor of modification. And
let it be borne in mind, too, that the wings, who
had a majority in both branches of Congress, had
so managed it that this bill should pass or the gov-
ernment be left without revenue; and that many of
the democrats who thus came to the lescue, did it,
in part, to save the wheels of government from be-
in" stopped by the recklessness of whig leaders
""This question is affected, in some degree, by local
interests and feelings. All will, therefore, see the
necessity of adjusting its details upon the principles
of concession and compromise. The extremes of
the North and the South must yield something.
Perhaps they may meet upon the ground now occu-
rred bv the West—a tariff for revenue, witn such
Incidental protection as may be afforded without
oppression to any interests. At all events, sir,
the question will be settled. We shall not split
on that rock. There will be no division in our
ranks upon the tariff. Let no whig lay that flatter-
ing unction to his soul.
"But, for the benefit of my friend here from Penn-
sylvania, [Mr. C. J. IjjGEEsoLt,] 1 must say that of
course I have not the slightest allusion to the duties
on coal and iron. [Laughter.] geriously, how-
ever, I would say to that gentleman,and to all others
from the iron State, that the duty on iron and the
manufactures of iron is a little too high; and that
they had better agree to a compromise and a modi-
fication of them, or the time may come when we
may be obliged to carry this measure without their
aid, when those interests might not be so well pro-
vided for as they would desire. I repeat, then, to all
concerned, the tariff of 1842 cannot stand.
Now, sir, in reference to the charge of fraud in
the late election, thrown out in this debate, I will
only say that it comes with an ill grace from the
whig party. Guilty school-boys, and guilty men,
too, when seeking to screen themselves, are usually
loudest in accusing others of their own offences.
This charge, sir, of corruption, under all the cir-
cumstances, is really amusing. I have a story of a
gambler particularly applicable to this case. Sev-
eral persons were playing at cards; the betting ran
high; one of the number, to secure his object, had
stolen from the deck several cards, corresponding
with the trump then up, and hid them in his lap. A
person who sat next to him removed them, and put
others in their place. The rogue bet his money,
and played out his cards, and to his utter astonish-
ment they were of another suit. He paused a mo-
ment, and, with great indignation and pretended
honesty, exclaimed, "Gentlemen, I'll be d—d if
there ain't cheating around the board!"
Now, let us see whether this fits the case of the
whig party at this moment. Let us see if they have
not stolen cards from the deck to suit the game; and
now that they have not won, as was expected, are
they not exclaiming with the blackleg, "there
is cheating round the board!" I shall only enu-
merate a few of the glaring outrages of the whig
party in the late election, as a sample of an almost
infinite number which might be mentioned, did time
permit.
Do you remember, sir, the story which was in-
dustriously circulated in all the federal papers of the
North and West—said to be taken, I think, from the
travels of one Roorback—to this effect: that the
aforesaid Roorback was travelling in the South;
that he saw upon the banks of Duck river an en-
campment of negroes, with their drivers, proceeding
to the southern market, and that these negroes were
branded with the initials of'J.K. P.," and were the
property of James K. Polk, the democratic candi-
date for President of the United States? This was a
base forgery, and used for a base and infamous pur-
pose.
I shall next advert to the gold humbug, which
originated also in the Roorback mint, and was most
tenaciously adhered to by the federal press and fed-
eral orators in every part of the Union. I mean the
story of the subscription of money in England to
circulate free-trade tracts in the United States, and
influence the election in favor of Mr. Polk. The
whole country was flooded with this alarming intel-
ligence, and handbills as large a3 an advertisement
for the exhibition of a menagerie of wild animals
were posted up at every cross roads and upon the
doors of every whig store, tavern house, and groce-
ry, in the country; and honest whigery put on a
long face, and pretended to feel great alarm at the
idea of foreign interference in our elections. This,
too, was a forgery, and so barefaced that their lead-
ers knew it at the time. And, notwithstanding it nas
been proved and admitted to be a forgery on all
hands, their newspapers have never published the
truth, nor attempted to undeceive those who were
gullible enough to be deluded by such nonsense.
And yet they talk about fraud!
The following extract from an English newspa-
per, the "London Leauge" of the 19*Ji October,
1844, when the news of this forgery reached Eng-
land, settles the question, and .conclusively fixes the
infamous act of wicked and malicious forgery upon
the whig leaders.
"The American Pr,::s;cr xc v.—By the late arrivals from
America, it would appear that a considerable change is
taking place m inference to the prospects of the two candi-
dates'lor the presidency. The friends of Clay seem to
be less confident, but more violent in their language, winch,
for vituperation, certainly eclipses any tiling ml- have ever
read in Europe. We observe that their newspapers have
been forging 'political capital' by spreading the report,- that
the free traders in England have subscribed £100,000 to as-
sist in carrying the election of Mr. Folk.- We expect to
hear next that we are setting up a new dynasty at Pekin.
By the way, the inventor of this story—the editor otthe
New York Republic newspaper—ought to be whipped by
his employers lor the clumsiness witk which he has forged
what Sheridan calls the 'endorsement to the lie.1 He pre-
tends to give a report of the public meeting in Manchester,
at which this subscription was commenced, and puts the
'Lord Provost' in the chair !. Be it known to all interested,
that Manchester lias no such functionary; and we need
hardly add, that the persons over whom he had presided—a
long list of whose names is given in the Republic—had no
bodily existence there ft is badenough for the reputation
of American democracy in Europe, when we "are 'told that
there are any large number of persons in the United States
to be deluded by such trash, but what must bethought of
the Republic, and other protectionist prints, who can be
gulled by raw-liead-and-bloody-bones stories, such as the
above."
The next forgery to which I shall ask attention
is the Birney Roorback. James G. Birney, it will
be recollected, was the abolition candidate for the
presidency. A large majority of his supporters
were whigs. To destroy the confidence of the
abolitionists in their candidate, and drive them from
his support; and to secure their suffrages for Mr.
Clay, drew forth from the federal leaders several
forgeries of the most atrocious and outrageous fchar-
acter, which are now notoriously known to be so,
but which have never yet been corrected by the
federal press, and probably never will. - The first of
this series of forgeries was, that Mr. Birney was nom-
inated for the legislature by the democratic party of
Saginaw county, Michigan; second, that he was m
favor of the election of Mr. Polk; and finally, that he
had declined the canvass and recommended to his
friends to vote the democratic ticket. These forge-
ries were put forth in the most substantial form, With
certificates and affidavits' to prove their truth; and, fo
remove the possibility of doubt as to their correctness,
were published simultaneously, a very few days be-
fore the election, in Ohio, Massachusetts, Maine, and
New York, (with hundred of miles intervening,) on
the same day, in the leading whig journals in
those States^ under such circumstances as to leave
no manner of doubt that it was a concerted scheme,
and well known at the time of publication to be a
forgery, by the leading whigs in all of these States.
The forgeries to which I have alluded, are now so
notorious as not to require proof; of which, if it were
necessary, I have an abundance in my possession
on every point to which I have alluded, to substan-
tiate every word I have said. And this, too, by
those very men who, to save themselves from the
odium of their own guilt, are raising this faint and'
feeble cry of fraud by the democratic party.
Now, sir, so far as my own observation has gone
on this point, I most sincerely declare that I have
never witnessed one single attempt at fraud by any
democrat, nor have I heard a single expression that
would in the slightest degree countenance any at-
tempt to commit fraud upon the ballot-box. On
the contrary, every thing I have seen or heard,
evinced the strongest desire, throughout the entire
ranks of the democratic party, to preserve the pu-
rity of the elective franchise, and the strongest con-
fidence that, should that be done, victory would
perch upon our banner.
Now, it is far from my intention or design, in
anything I have said, to attribute to the mass of
the whig party such motives or designs as these
facts show some of their leaders to have been guilty
of. On the contrary, I accord to the great body of
our opponents the same degree of honesty, integrity,
and patriotism that I claim for my own party.
And it is for this reason that I have made this
expose, that honest whigs (and there are many
such) may see the company they are in, and repu-
diate and abandon the party which can be guilty
of perpetrating such gross and disgraceful frauds
upon the country, and then put on the bold front of
impudent guilt, and charge their own crimes upon
others."'
Now, sir, I desire to call your attention, and the
attention of the country, to the manner in which the
news of the election has been received in England,
where our opponents have falsely and basely con-
tended an interest was felt for the success of the
democratic party. And, by the extracts which I
have before me, it will be seen that the English pa-
pers really believe the declarations of the whig press
in this country, that Mr. Polk was an obscure and
unknown man, and are really at a loss to account for
his success; and that almost the same views of the
subject are taken by the tory papers m England.and
the whig papers in the United States.. Itwiil oe
seen, also, that the tory party i  Great Bnfm have
