Jan. 1845.
28th Cong 2d Sess.
APPENDIX CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE,
Annexation of Texas—«Mr. C. B> Smith.
H. of Reps.
the addition of a State or an empire in Europe. We
have the same power to pass a bill authorizing the
people of Great Britain'to organize themselves into
a State government, and be admitted into this Tlnion,
that we have to extend this privilege to the people of
Texas. The doctrine that Congress possesses such
a power is of modera origin. It has been produced
by the extreme anxiety which exists in a portion of
the Union to acquire possession of Texas.^
The acquisition of Louisiana and Florida are re-
lid upon as precedents to justify this measure. It
must be recollected, however, that they were ac-
quired by the exercise of the treaty-making power,
which by the constitution is conferred upon the
President a d Senate. No statesman at that period
was visionary enough to suppose that the legislative
department of the government was vested with pow-
er to acquire foreign territory. At the time ©f the
purchase of Louisiana in 1803, not only Was the
constitutional power of the government to acquire it
even by treaty doubted by Mr. Jefferson, the then
President, but it was expressly denied, and the
measure was only justified from the extreme neces-
sity of the case and the great importance to this
country of securing the navigation of the Mississip-
pi and the important market of New Orleans. The
opinions of Mr. Jeffeison upon this question were
expressed in a letter written by him to Mr. Breck-
enridge, after the treaty for the purchase of Louisi-
ana had been signed. Speaking of the treaty, he
uses this explicit laaguage:
"This treaty must of course be laid before both Houses,
because both have important functions to exercise respect-
ing it. They, I piesume, will sec their duty to their coun-
try in ratifying and paying for it, *o as to securo a good
which would otherwise probably be never attain m their
power. But I suj pose they must thou appeal to the nation for
an additional article to the constitution, approving a«d con-
firming an act which the nation had not provioush author-
ized. The constitution has made no provision for our hold-
ing foreign territory, still l«ss ioi incorporating foreign na-
tions into oxir Union The executive, in seizing the fugi-
tive occurrence which so much advances the good of their
country, have done an act beyond the constitution. The
legislature, in casting behind fcbem metaphysical subtilties,
ond risking themselves like faithful servants, must rotily
and pay font, and throw themselves on their country for
doing lor them, unauthorized, what we know they would
have done i r themselves had they bet-n in a situation to do
it."'
This opinion of Mr. Jefferson of tho unconstitu-
tionality of that measure is clear and explicit, and
no statesman of that day controverted its correct-
ness. The idea that we could acquire this territory
by legislative action was never suggested, never en-
tertained.
The great importance to the country of Louisiana
and Florida, and the unanimity of public sentiment
in regard to the necessity of their acquisition, induced
all parties to waive the constitutional question and
acquiesce in the measure. If any argument in favor
of the acquisition of foieign temtory can be drawn
from these precedents, it cannot be in favor of the
mode of acquisition now proposed. The annexa-
tion of Texa« by either bill or joint resolution of
Congress, would, in my opinion, be a clear and pal-
pable violation of the constitution.
I shall now, Mr. Chairman, direct my remarks to
the question of expediency; and, upon this ground,
I find objections to the proposed annexation nume-
rous and insuperable. This measure is urged upon
us a means of extending "the area of freedom."
The oracle of the Hermitage has pointed to annex-
ation as the means of extension. Is Texas now in
a state of vassalage? Is she now lxirne down by the
weight of Mexican oppression? Is she suffering un-
der the tyranny of Santa Anna? Is our-aid invoked
to relieve her from a condition of servitude and ex-
tend "the area of freedom"1 Why, sir, in the same
breath in which we are called upon to extend "the
area of freedom," we are assured that Texas achiev-
ed her independence in the battle of San Jacinto,
and, since that time, that she has been free from all
control of Mexieo. We are toid that she is now
enjoying the full benefit of <t republican government,
under a constitution modelled after our own, and that
she is fully competent to sustain her independence
against all the power of Mexico. If this be true,
how can "the area of freedom" be extended by an-
nexing her territory to ours? The mere adding of
one free State to another cannot extend the bounds
of huwan freedom. If Texas is independent, let her
conanue to enjoy her independence. Let her fur-
nish to the world, in her own example, evidence of
the advantages of civil liberty and a republican form
of government.
A strong objection to the annexation of Texas fo
she planner proposed, is found in (lie relative posi-
tion of Texas and Mexico. An acknowledged
state of war exists between the two countries, pros-
ecuted on the part of Mexico for the purpose of re-
establishing her authority over Texas. No _ matter
what may be our feelings in reference to this con-
test—no matter how strong may be our sympathies
with the people of Texas—'cannot, without a
violation of the treaty subsisting between our gov-
ernment and Mexieo, interfere, either to terminate
the contest or to appropriate Texas to ourselves.
The battle of San Jacinto, by which it is claimed
that Texas rendered herself independent of Mexi-
co, was won by citizens of the United States, who,
in violation of the obligations of our government to
Mexico, went to Texas to aid her citizens in their
struggle. Many of those who aided in defeating
the Mexican army in that battle, have since returned
to the United States, and are now living among us.
It was a portion of our own citizens who achieved
the victory by which Texas was rendered tempora-
rily independent. Their interference in the contest
Was unjust to Mexico, and a gross violation of the
good faith which the American people should have
observed. Yet it is now insisted that, as one of the
fruits of that victory, we shall take possession of
Texas and appropriate the country to our own use,
ift utter disregard of the wishes or remonstrances of
Mexico.
During the course of this discussion much has
been said of the efforts which have been made at
different times, and Under different administrations,
to acquire possession of Texas. It is true our gov-
ernment has at different periods attempted to acquire
aportion of Texas by fair and open purchase from
Mexico. JN egotiations have been resorted to for the
purpose of inducing her to part with the title, which
we acknowledged her to possess; but now, and how
fur the first time, it is proposed that we shall rob
i^Iexico of her province, and establish a title in our-
selves by force. It is proposed that this republican
government shall embark in a war of conquest, and
imitate the spirit and career of ancient Rome, when
her conquering legions were subjugating Europe
and prostrating the world at her feet. Should the
' measure now proposed be consummated, the honor
of this nation will be indelibly tarnished, and the
condemnation of the civilized world must rest upon
this people and government for an act of unholy
spoliation.
The government of Texas in ]837 proposed to
annex that country to the United States. The dem-
ocratic party were then in the ascendant. Mr. Van
Buren was President, surrounded by a democratic
cadinet. The united opinion of Mr. Van Buren and
his cabinet was, that it would be dishonorable to
this government to even entertain the proposition
for consideration. That opinion was announced to
the Texian Minister by Mr. Forsyth, Secretary of
State of the United States, in a very able letter, from
which I will beg leave to present an extract:
"So long as Texas shall remain at war, while the United
States are at peace with her adversary, the proposition of
the Texian minister plenipotentiary necessarily involves
the question oi Avar with that advei&ary. The United States
aie bound to Mexico by a tieaty of amity and commerce,
which will bo scrupulously oldened oh their part, so long
as itcanbc reasonably hoped that Mexieo will p^rlorm her
duties and respect our rights under it The United States
might jiibtlj be suspected of a disregard of the friendly pur-
poses of the compact, if the overture of General Hunt w eie
to be even reserved for future consideration, as this would
iraply a disposition on our part to e-pouse the quarrel of
Tc-^d3 with Mexico, a disposition wholly at variance with
the spirit of the treaty, with the uniform policy and the ob-
vious wellure of the United States '>
•' The inducements mentioned by General Hunt for the
United States to jnnex Texas to their territoiy are duly ap-
preciated; but, powerful and weighty as they certainly aie,
they aie h^ht when opposed m the scale of reason to treaty
obligations and select fur that integrity ol character by
whi 'h the United ^testes have sought to distinguish them-
M'lv cs since the establishment of their l ight to claim a place
in the gieat family ol nations.1'
Mr. Van Buren, in a letter which he addressed to
a member of this House [Mr. Hammkjt] oil the
20th of Apiil last, speaks of that proposition to an-
nex, and the decision of the government in relation
to it, in this language:
"I have already ready to an application for the accom-
plishment of the same object that was made.to tins govern-
ment by Texas while 1 u as Piesident.
'•It can scerocly be necessary to say that the application
was cojisiJcred with that attention and care which was (hie
to so gra-ve a proposition, and under the full influence of
feelings of sincere solicitude for the prosperity and perma-
nent welfare of a young and neighboring State, whose inde-
pendence we had been the first to acknowledge—feelings
which constitute, and i sincerely hope ever will constitute,
the prevailing sentiments of the people of the United States.
In coming to the decision which it became fhy duty to make,
I was aided, in addition to the other members of my cabi. >
net, In the counsel and constitutioaai advice of two du>t\x\-j
guished citizens of your own section of the Union, of the
first order of intellect, great experience in public affairs
and whose devotion to tneirown as well as every othersec
tion of the Union was above all question The result of oin
united opinions was ^announced to the ,,Texian ministel
(General Hunt) in a communication from the late Mr. For'
eyth."
"The correspondence was, very soon after it took place,
communicated to Congress; and although the public mind
was, at the time, in a state of the highest excitement, and
the administration daily assailed through every avenue by
which it was deemed approachable, I am yet to see the firsl
sentence of complaint upon that point, in any quarter of the
Union." * * * * *
"I return now to the question, has the condition oi the
contest between Texas and Mexico, for the so^erei&hty hi
the former, so far changed as to'render these principles no\v
inapplicable? What is the attitude which these two States
noW occupy towards each other? Are they at war, or are
they not? We cannot evade this question if we Would."
Mr. Van Buren here argues at length, and quotes
frpm Mr. Tyler's messages, to show that war is ac-
tually existing, and then adds:
"But what, my dear sir, is the true and undisguised char
acter of the remedy for these evils, which would be applied
by the 'immediate annexation ofTexastothe United States?'
It is-more or less than saying to Mexico, we feel ourselves
aggrieved by the continuance of this war between you and
Texas; we have an interest in seeing it terminated; \v"e will
accomplish that object by taking the disputed territory to
ourselves; we will make Texas a part of the United States,
so that those plans of reconquest which we know you are
maturing, to be successful, must be made so against the
power that we can bring into the contest, if the war is to be
continued, as we understand to be your design, the United
States are to be regarded henceforth as one of the belliger-
ents,"'
Those who urge most strenuously this measure
have heretofore paid great deference to the opinibns
of JVIi"* Van JWen.
m I wish here, Mr. Chairman, to refer to a few edi-
torial articles published in the Globe, less than one
year ago, upon this question, which I presume will
be admitted as good democratic authority. Oil the
99 th of April last Mr. Blair speaks thus of Mr. Van
Buren's letter:
"We say, without reserve, we dn not think Mr. Van
Buren has evtr presented to the country a production moie
creditable to his talents, his patriotism, or his character as a
statesman, than is this letter, and we are perfectly con-
vinced that this demonstrative argument must satisfy every
sincere friend of the annexation that the difficulty he inter-
poses again«t instant action has its foundation in a great
principle, which no statesman can overlook or disregard,
and which oui government can never safely violate.''
Again, we find in the Globe of the 1st May, 1844,
the following editorial article;
"We concur \Vitli Mr. Van Buren fully and cordially in
this View, and say it is the only wise, honorable, sale, and
practicable oomse. Mexico and Texas are now at war; the
armistice admits it. (a circumstance of which we were not
apprised when we wrote our first article on this subject:)
and to adopt the Texians as our citi/.ens at this time, is to
make ourselves a party to the war, and to take upon our-
selves the business of its conclusion, either by negotiation
or by arms. It requires no declaration of war from Mexico
to involve us. From ttie moment we admit Texas we make
her a territory of the Union, and it would be unlawful and
punishable m her to treat with Mexico, or to fight alone
with Mexico. The United States alone could treat, or fight;
<tnd thus, from the day of the ratification of this treaty, the
T'nrted States 3nd Mexico would be at war; commcrce be-
tween them would cease, and the\ would remain at war.
and commerce remain broken up. until the negotiations or
the arms of the United States terminated tlx adopted war.
This is clear common sense, and ho one can deny it."
On the 4th May, 1844, the editor of the G/obe
again says:
"We have been looking a Irttlj further into the published
documents which accompany the treaty, and every step
amazes us more and more. We find that Lord .Aberdeen
ond the British minister heie utterly deny the Buff Green
story, sent fiom London m August l9<t, of the designs of
Kngland upon Texas, which is made the foundation of this
whole proceeding. "We believe it can easily be proved that
the whole scheme of getting up the Texas question, pre-
cisely as that question now is, existed long befoie Duft'
furnished that pretext, and that all this story of Bntish in-
terference, now put forth as the pretext lor the movement,
has beijn invented since the movement was organised.''
Who doe^ not know that the great rallying cry of
the Texas party has been, annexation to resist the
ambitious designs of England? That our''natural
enemy'' was ab' ut stretching forth Iter hands to
grasp Texas? Our patriotism has been appealed to
to resist the ambitious designs of Great Britain upon
that country; and yet we find the organ of the dem-
ocratic Texas party, only a few months ago, de-
claring in the face of the whole country that this hue-
and-cry about British interference was a mere "raw-
head and bloody-bones"—a humbug—held out to
frighten the country into the support of annexation.
The Glohe certainly never came nearer the trutli
than in this statement. A few days later, on the
]5th May last, the Globe again refers to this sub-
ject, as follows:
"If the general government should take this ytrp, in vio-
lation of the treatv w ith Mexico,would (he oharaou-j oi <m,;-
