80
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
28th Cong.... 2d Sess.
Annexation of Texas—Mr. C. B. Smith.
H. ojf'JKeps."
country be left to our posterity the same noble and honora-
ble inheritance which was handed down to us by "Washing-
ton, Jefferson, and Jackson?
"We do not believe the great mass of our countrymen are
willing to sacrifice the honor, the renown, and the real
glory of this country for any earthly acquisition? If, then,'
Texas has admitted by a solemn proclamation the exist-
ence of a war between her and Mexico; if the government
of the United States has by a solemn official document de-
clared its full knowledge that this is the state of relations
between Texas and Mexico, how can the President and
Senate of the United States^ without sacrificing the honor
of the country, adopt this war with Mexico, in the face of
our treaty of peace with thai country 1"
The question was well aslted by the editor of the
Globe, whether, if this step were taken by the gen-
eral government, the character of our country would
be left to our posterity the same noble and honora-
ble inheritance which was handed down to us by
Washington and Jefferson? Sir, this question
mightwith great propriety be nowasked. If we, at
this enlightened age of the world, boasting ourselves
- to be the freest nation on the earth, should violate
our treaty of amity with Mexico, as the resolution
now under consideration proposes, can we hand
down to our children our national character marked
by the same untarnished and unsuspected honor
with which we received it from our fathers? Would
Washington or Jefferson, would the pure-minded
Madison, have recommended a measure so fraught
with national dishonor?
Mr. Chairman, I might quote numerous other
articles from the Globe, as well as from the leading
democratic papers of most of the States in this
Union, expressing the same opinions as those which
i have quoted, and showing in the strongest terms
the common sentiment of the country, that tl 
course which we now propose to pursue was unjust
to Mexico and dishonorable to ourselves. The ex-
pression of different opinions at the present time
from the same source furnishes striking evidence of
the influence of party discipline in changing the
opinions of men.
I object again, Mr. Chairman, to the annexation
of Texas, because by that act we should assume her
debts. Many of the States of this Union are large-
ly indebted, in consequence of their enterprising
efforts to improve and develop the resources of the
country, by means of works of internal improve-
ment. Some of them have asked the aid of the gen-
eral government, through the proceeds of the public
domain, to assist in paying their debts. Those who
have denied this aid, and who now denounce in the
bitterest terms any proposition to extend it, now
propose by this measure to pledge the resources of
this government for the payment of the unknown
millions of the debts of a foreign government.
We all know, Mr. Chairman, with how much
zeal and earnestness it has been contended by the
democratic party that an assumption of the debts of
the States by the general government would be a
violation of the constitution. Where now is their
regard for that sacred instrument? Where now their
horror at the idea of a violation of its provisions?
Sir, will any sane man contend that the constitution
denies to this government the power to assume the
debts of one of the States of this confederacy, and
yet authorizes the assumption of the debts of a for-
eign nation? By the treaty of annexation negotiated
last spring, and which is now proposed as the basis
of annexation, this government is pledged for the
payment of ten millions of the debts of Texas. But
is this all which we should be compelled to pay? It
is true, sir, the government cannot be sued by the
creditors of Texas, and payment of her debts co-
erced; but we cannot shut our eyes to the important
fact that every principle of law, of honor, of com-
mon honesty, and common justice, will require us to
pay the last farthing of the debts of Texas, no mat-
ter what may be their amount. By annexation we
merge the government of Texas within our own;
we destroy her separate and national existence; we
appropriate to ourselves all her public domain, her
customs, her revenues, and resources of every de-
scription; we take all her means to which her credit-
ors have a right to look for the payment of her
debts; andean we, sir, avail ourselves of all these
and refuse to pay her debts, without being branded
by the common consent of the civilized world, with
infamy and dishonor?
Sir the fair fame of the American government has
already been tarnished by the repudiation by some
of the 'States of their honest debts, bhall we add to
the disgrace already resting upon us—sha.l we make
our name a by-word and a reproach among all civ-
ilized people-by appropriating to ourselves Texian
wealth, wtd rcpndwing
Texas, w6 must choose between paying all her
debts, and national infamy and disgrace by repudia-
ting them.
Ought we not, Mr. Chairman, to know the amount
of those debts before we are called upon to consum-
mate this measure? Has any information been given
to us of their amount5 They have been .variously
estimated from twenty to one hundred millions.
Without attempting to fix any estimate, I do not
believe they amount to less than fifty millions, and
very probably to more. Why have not the-ji^thor-
ities of the Texian government furnishedtome
statement, some data, by which we can determine
the amount of liability we assume in the event of
annexation? I can account for it upon no other prin-
ciple than that they are conscious if the true amount
was known, it would so shock the American people
as to arouse them against the proposed annexation.
This informntion is carefully withheld from the
country, and we are ailed upon blindly to rush into
this measure, without knowing the extent of our
responsibilities until they are fixed beyond the pow-
er of retraction.
But again, Mr. Chairman, I object to the annex-
ation of'Texas, because we are not informed of the
existing relations between that government and the
governments of Europe. What treaties, commer-
cial or otherwise, have been entered into between
her and Great Britain? How far will we be requir-
ed to carry out the provisions of such treaties? It
has been asserted that Texas has surrendered to
England the rightof search upon the seas.-Whether
this is so we are uniformed. These are matters upon
v/hich the government of Texas might give us full
information. That information should be given;
we should be made fully acquainted with her finan-
cial condition, with the state of her foreign relations,
with all the obligations she has assumed and all the
concessions she has made to other nations, with the
full amount of her liabilities and the full extent of
her resources, that we may know, before it is too
late to retract, the full ^length and breadth of the
liabilities we assume by annexation.
I come now, Mr. Chan man, to speak of a ques-
tion connected with this subject, which I know is
one of great delicacy, and calculated to produce
much excitement. It is one, however, which we
are bound to meet, and which, for one, I am dis-
posed to meet firmly and promptly. I refer, sir, to
the question of slavery. The honorable chairman
of the Committee on Foreign Affairs, [Mr. Charles
J. Ingersoll,] in the opening of this discussion,
informed us that this was a southern question.
We have been .repeatedly told that the annexation
of Texas is demanded by the South, as a means of
strengthening their peculiar institutions. If, sir, it
is a southern question'—if it is to be carried for the
purpose of strengthening the institution ofslavery—
we should know in advance what additional power
and weight and influence are to be given to that in-
stitution. Numerous propositions to annex have
been submitted, yet they all leave this question
open. The friends of Texas desire to leave this
matter unsettled until annexation is completed.
Will it be safe to leave this matter open? The his-
tory of the Missouri question—a question which
shook this nation from its centre to its circumfer-
ence—should warn us of the danger of renewing a
contest of that character. If Texas is to be annexed,
our only safety will be found in settling that ques-
tion now. If there is to be a contest on the ques-
tion of slavery, If t it be determined now, while it
may be done without sundering the ligaments which
bind us together. If Texas is to be annexed, let us
know in advance whether her soil is to be the soil
of freemen or the soil of slaves. If slave and fiee
States are both to be made fiom her territory, let us
know in advance the number and strength of each.
Let us know how much is to be added to the slave
power of this Union. Let us have no adjourned
Missouri question to convulse the Union hereafter.
But, sir, it this measure is to be pressed as a
southern measure—if the annexation of Texas is to
be demanded as a further guaranty for slavery, we
hove a right to meet its friends in the examination
of the question, whether they have a light to de-
mand sucli additional guaranties! Is it right, is it
fair, I would ask, in view of the relative positions
occupied by the free and slave States under the con-
stitution, to make such a demand? Can they wall
piopnety or justice demand of us the admission into
this Union of a large amount of additional slave
territory, for the avowed purpose of strengthening
the interests of slavery? We all know the great
difficulties vlii'i sut of tills subject in Puree-
ing to a constitution for our "common, govern- "
mentr But, great as were the difficulties, our fe-
thers, guided by patriotism an§ inspired by a TO-
dom apparently not their ovra, succeeded- ingiviag
to this republic that glorious and .immortal instru-
ment, in which the compromises then agreed to
were embodied, defined, and perpetuated. By thfet
instrument we have agreed that She institution of
slavery, as it then existed in the slave States, should
be secured to those.States, and guarded from allin-
croachments. We -have agreed . th'at they shall en-
joy upon this floor a representation upon three-
fifths of what they are pleased to term as mere
property. These are the compromises of the con-
stitutibn, and to them we are willing to adhere.
We do not ask to diminish their security; we do
not seek to interfere with thfe enjoyment of- their
rights. Northern representatives come intothis
hall from a free people. Our friends of the South
meet us here with eijual rights and.equal power, as -
the representatives in part of their own'property.
We are willing to meet them upon that ground. It
is the compact-which our fathers made, and we will
religiously adhere to it. But I would ask, Mr.
Chairman, is this not enough? Have the southern
States a right to demand still more? Have they a
right fairly to insist not only that we shall protect
them in the enjoyment of their constitutional rights,
but that wo shall adopt measures to strengthen, to
extend, and to perpe'uate the institution of slavery?
Much has been said about the danger of northern
incendiaries, and the evils likely to result from the
discussion of slavery by northern abolitionists. Sir,
let me tell my friends of the South, in'allcandof and
good feeling, that the discussion of slavery as an ab-
stract question is a matter they cannot cl\eck or con-
trol. As American freemen, the people of this
North, as well as the people of every section of the
country, have a right to-express their opinions upon
that as well as upon all other subjects, and it is a
right they will surrender only with their lives._ We
are bound by our compact to abstain from any inter-
ference with the institution of slavery in the States,
but we have not agreed to love or admire it. " 'Tis
not in the bond." If northern men say that slavery
is an evil, they say no more than has been said by
the best and noblest patriots of the South. When
they express their firm and honest conviction that'it
is an institution fraught with all evil, they but de-
clare that which Washington and Jefferson have
taught them, a^fid which has been declared by Vir-
ginia's immoital Marshall in words of burning elo-
quence. The opinions of Mr. Jefferson on the sub-
ject of slavery were -often and freely expressed. He
expressed much anxiety for its abolition at different
periods of his life. I will quote here two passages
from his Notes on Virginia:
"Under the mild treatment our slaves experience, and
their wholesome though coarse food, this blot in our coun-
try increases as ia;t or faster than the whites During -the
regal government we had at one time obtained a law which
imposed such a duty on the importation of slaves as amount-
ed nearly to a prohibition, when one inconsiderate assem-
bly placed under a peculiarity of circumstances, repealed
the law. This repeal met a joyful sanction trom the then
sovereign, and no devices, no expedients which could ever
aftei be attempted by subsequent at-semblies, and they sel-
dom met without attempting them, could succeed in getting
the royal assent to a renev. a! 01 the duty. In the very hrst
session held under thf republican eminent, the assem-
blj passed a law tor the perpetual prohibition of the im-
portation ot slaves 1 hi  v, ill in some measure stop the in-
crease of this great political and moral evil, while the. minds
of oui citizens may tie npenuig for a complete emancipation
of human n.5tuie "
"Indeed, I tremble for my countiy when I reflect that God
is just: that his justice cannot sh;ep foiever; that, consider-
ing numbers, nature, and natural mean*' only, a revolution
ol the v. heel of iortuue. an exchaxige of situations, is among
possible events; that it may become probable by supernatu-
ral interference. The Almighty has no attribute v, lncli can
take sides with m such a content. Bunt is impossible to
be temperate, and to pursue this subject through the vari-
ous considerations of policy, of morals of history, natural
and civil Wo must be contented to hop" .they will force
their way into every one s mind. 1 think a c nange already
percep-tible since the originoithe present revolution. The
• pint of the master is abating; that of the slave rising from
tne dust—his condition mollilj ing, the way 1 hepe prepar-
ing, under the aurpices of Heaven, foi a total emancipation,
and that this is disposed m the order of events to be with
the consent oi' the master rather than by their extirpa-
tion "
But, Mr. Chairman, although the citizens of the
free States may entertain these opinions in regard
to this institution, they are ready and fully resolved
to stand by the comnromisc-s of the constitution.
They bold firmly and steadfastly to ■ the 1 conditions
of the national compact. They are prepared to de-
fend the South in the enjoyment of all hernghtsjand
if the day of trial should come, they are WlMigtO
(in |t \i)n gxpwse t f their traasure and uieirtwrt.
