B2
APPENDIX fO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOSE.
28th Cong.....2d Sess.
Annexation of Texas—Mr. Weller.
JmAim :
H. of Reps.
SPEECH OF MR. WELLER,
of ohio.
In the House of Representatives, January 9, 1845—
- On the annexation of 1'exaa.
. Mr. WELLER addressed the committee as fol-
lows—
- Mr. Chairman: I ought, perhaps, to apologise to
the committee for obtruding myself upon their at-
tention at the present time. The subject has al-
ready been fully discussed by the very able gen-
tlemen who have preceded me in this debate.
"Were it not for the fact that I come from a section
of the Union deeply interested in the decision of
this momentous question, I would have been con-
tent to have given a silent vote upon it.
During the six years that I have been a represent-
ative on this floor, various questions have been sub-
mitted of vast importance to the people, but all of
them sink into insignificance when compared with
the one upon which we are now engaged. This
question of annexation is one calculated to affect, for
weal or for woe, the destinies of this country for
many years to come. It is a question affecting the
commercial, the agricultural, the manufacturing, in
short, all the interests of every section of this vast
confederacy. It is indeed a great national ques-
tion, the importance of which we cannot perhaps
now fully appreciate. I confess, if I had no knowl-
edge of the opinior.s and sentiments of the people
upon this subject, I would be unwilling to take the
responsibility of passing upon it. But no man can
shut his'eyes to the fact that the American people
have already passed their judgment upon this ques-
tion. The Baltimore convention, in nominating Mr.
Polk as the democratic candidate for the presiden-
cy, declared in favor of annexation. He (Mr. Polk)
was well known to be the warm frierd of that meas-
«re. The annexation of Texas to the Union was thus
thrown into the canvass and made the prominent
question in issue between the contending parties. I do
not know how the canvass was managed in othersec-
tions, but I do know that, in Ohio, Kentucky, and
Indiana, where I had the pleasure of addressing the
people, th's question was made prominent. Our
whig friends told the people that if Mr. Polk was
elected the annexation of Texas would be consum-
mated, and all the evils of that measure entailed
•jpon the country. In the free States appeals were
made to sectional feelings, and all the ingenu-
ity and el >quence of their orators brought into
requisition to show that slavery would be increased,
and our beloved country involved in all the horrors
of war. Crocodile tears were shed over the antici-
pated ruin if Mr. Polk was successful. These ap-
peals to the passions were met with calm arguments
and reason; and at the ballot-box, where the voice of
freemen is ever heard, a solemn decision was made
jn favor of the measure. To-day, we stand in this
hall as the representatives of the people, bound to
carry their judgment into execution. As a democrat
I am ready to do it.
It is unnecessary for me to enter into an argu-
ment upon the constitutional power of Congress to
annex foreiejn territory. This portion of the ques-
tion has been so fully'discussed by my friends from
Virginia and Illinois, [Messrs.bayly and Docgi.ass,]
that it would be a work of supererogation to attempt
to add anything to what they have presented. It is
enough for me to say that 1 have no doubt of the
constitutional power to annex, and can cheerfully
vote for any of the propositions submitted. Theie
is no limitruon upon the power of Congress "to ad-
mit new States;" and the fact that the convention
which fiamed the constitution twice refused to limit
it, by voting down the propositions confining it to
territory already acquired, proves conclusively that
the framers cf that instrument intended to leave
Congress with power to acquire more territory, if
necessj -y for the stability of our institutions. If
this were not the case, this government would be
an impracticable machine without the power to pro-
tect or defend itself.
In the early period of our history, the question
affectins the navigation of the Mississippi and its
tributaries attracted the attention of American states-
men. In 1786 great excitement was produced
amoii" the few white settlers in the West, by the
rumor that a treaty had been made with Spain, by
w'hi-'i our citizens were to forbear the use of the
Mi^senni for twenty-five or thirty years. This
proposition had actually been made by Mr. .Tayto
ihc Smuiish minister, and was sustained by New
llamn«hire Massachusetts, Rhode Island, Con-
necticut, Nov York, New Jersey and Pennsyl-
vania; and opposed by all the States south
of Pennsylvania. Gentlemen in the northern States
were unwilling to render, as they supposed, their in-
ferior lands less valuable, by opening up.the great
valley of the Mississippi. There were those in the
West who complained loudly of this injustice, and
actually threatened an alliance with England, if this
government conferred upon Spain the exclusive nav-
igation of that stream, down which their produce
must float in its way to the market. In 1795 a trea-
ty was agreed on, securing to our people the right to
navigate the Mississippi, and deposite Uieir produc-
tions at New Orleans for three yeart XThis was
continued for seven years, until in October, 1802,
the mtendant (Moralez)issued his order suspending
the right of deposite. This, of course, excited great
alarm and indignation.
Now what was the condition of the country? On
the north was Great Britain, with her extensive
possessions, and in the south the mouth of the
great river which must bear upon its bosom the
rich productions of its valley, in the possession of a
foreign government. Mr. Jefferson, the most saga-
cious statesman of the age, foresaw that the West
must, ere long, become the abiding place of a large
portion of our population, and that their prosperity
depended upon having the undisturbed navigation of
the Mississippi and its tributaries. He entered into
negotiations with France, to whom Spain had con-
veyed the whole of Louisiana territory by the treaty
of Ildefonso, made in 1800, and finally concluded a
treaty on the 30th April, 1803, by virtue of which
we became the sole owners of that immense region.
That treaty g-ave us the mouth of the Mississippi,
and a controlling influence over the navigation of the
Gulf of Mexico, also important to the safety of our
interests. But the question has been made whether
Texas was embraced within the Louisiana pur-
chase; and although, in the present aspect of the
case, I do not deem it important, it may be well
enough to present the facts.
Mr. Madison, Secretary of State, under date of
March 31, 1804, after the purchase, says, express-
ing his own views, and those of President Jefferson,
"that Louisiana extends westwardly to the Rio
Bravo, otherwise called Rio del Norte. Orders were
accordingly obtained from the Spanish authorities
for the delivery of all the posts on the west side df
the Mississippi." And again. Mr. Madison, on the
31st January, 1804, declares that "M. Laussat, the
French commissioner who delivered the possession of
Louisiana to us, announced the Del Norte as its true
boundary."
Mr. Monroe also regarded our title to Texas in-
disputable, and in a letter, whilst Secretary of State,
in 1816, says: "Our title to the Del Norte was as
clear as to the island of New Orleans."
Mr. John Quiney Adams, in his letter to Don
Onis, as Secretary of State, dated 12th March, 1818,
says: "The claim of France always did extend
westward to the Rio Bravo, (otherwise, Del Norte.)
That she always claimed the territory which you call
Texas, as being within the limits, and forming a
part of, Louisiana." The same distinguished gen-
tleman, in several of his subsequent letters, asserted
that the purchase from France covered the whole
territory west of the Mississippi to the Rio Bravo
or Del Norte river. On the 2d June, 1818, whilst
the negotiations for Florida were pending, he secret-
ly despatched Mr. G. W. Graham to Texas, under
the order of the President, with instructions to pre-
vent any encroachments on the territory west of that
river. These instructions are before me.
That Mr. Clay regarded Texas as embraced with-
in the limits of the Louisiana purchase, is shown by
his resolutions and speech against the Florida trea-
ty, in this House, in April, 1820. One of those res-
olutions reads as follows:
Rc.alveA, That the equivalent proposed to tie given !,v
Spain to the United States in the treaty concluded by them
on the i2d February, 1819,/iji- thaipalt of Louisiana west of
the Sabine, v, di inadequate, and that it would be inexpedient
to make a transfer thereof to any foreign power, or tore-
new the aforesaid treaty.
It will be borne in mind that when this resolu-
tion was submitted, the treaty by virtue of which
Texas was ceded to Spain had not yet been ratified.
This ratification took place on the 19th February,
1821. I will not trouble the committee with ex-
tracts from his speech, showing the indisputable
character of our title, and the injustice the treaty
would do to the people residing upon the territory
west of the Sabine.
The evidence, then, I think, is conclusive, that
Texas was embraced in the purchase of 1803, and
constituted a part- of the American soil, until :the
cession of 1821. By turning to the treaty of 1803,
it will be found that the United States bound itself to
France in the following words:
"The inhabitants of the ceded territory shall he incorpo-
rated into the Union of the United Ststes, and admitted an
soon as possible, according to the principles of the federal
constitution, to the enjoyment of'all the rights, advantages,
and immunities of citizens of the United States;- and, in the
mean time, they shall be protected in the tree enjoyment of
their liberty, property, and the religion they profess,"
So far from having complied with this solemn
obligation, in February, 1821, we transferred .the
people and a portion of the territory to a foreign
government. Instead of "protecting the liberty and
religion" of the people,- we sold them to the Span-
ish gevernment; and thus made them, against their
wishes, against our treaty obligations, the subjects
of a despotic ruler! Now, when the people of
Texas, standing upon the treaty of 1803, ask ad-
mission into our Union, the treaty of 1821, it is
said, deprived them of all their rights and immuni-
ties, and that we are under no obligations, legal or
moral, to receive them! It may well be doubted
whether the treaty of 1821 is binding, so far as this
cession is involved. It is laid down by Vattel, in
his Laws of Nations, that
"A sovereign already bound by a treaty cannot enter into
others contrary to the first. The thing-* respecting which he
has entered into engagements are no longer at his disposal.
Jf it happens that a posterior treaty be found in any particu
lar point to clash with o*ie of more ancient date, the new
treaty is. null and roid with respect to that point, inasmuch
as it tends to dispose of .p. thing that is no longer in the
pow er of him who appears to despair of it "
If, then, Texas was a portion of the Louisiana
territory, (and I think the proof is conclusive,) it
may well be doubted whether the treaty of 1821,
so far as it cedes away this territory to Spain, is not
null and void, because it clashes with the stipula-
tions of the treaty of 1803. But 1 have no dispo-
sition to extend the argument on this point.
Whether I am right in this or not, will not affect
the question now presented for our consideration.
Texas claims to be an organized and independent
government, and as such proposes to merge her
sovereignty in ours.
Efforts have been made by every administration
since 1820 to obtain the possession of Texas by ne-
gotiation. This is admitted by all; but the gentle-
man from Indiana, [Mr. C. B. Smith,) tells us this
is the first effort made to rob Mexico of her posses-
sions! What claim has Mexico upon this territory?
Mexico, a revolted province of Spain, established a
constitution in 1824, guarantying to each of the
nineteen States the full enjoyment oftheir liberty and
property; Texas was one of these States; under
the inducements presented by a free constitution
similar in the main to ours, the people of the
United States migrated to Texas, and commenced
the cultivation of its rich and productive lands.
But in a short time, Santa Anna, instead of
administering the government according to the
free constitution of 1824, seized upon the
imperial purple, declared himself military dic-
tator, and trampled the constitution under his
unhallowed feet. Then it was that the peo-
ple of Texas raised the flag of resistance, and upon
the bloody field of San Jacinto, in 1836, achieved
their independence, and vanquished the relentless
tyrant. They showed themselves worthy of their
illustrious ancestry. They proved to the world
that
"Freedom's battle once begun,
Bequeathed from bleeding sire to son,
Though baffled oft, is ever won."
They seized the chains with which the tyrant
sought to bind them, and broke them over the heads
of their oppressors. They established, as they had
an undoubted right to do, a free government. For
nine long years they have maintained an honorable
standing amongst the nations of the earth. France,
England, and our own republic, have recognised
their independence, and enrolled Texas among the
governments of the world. Now, sir, after they
have resisted all the efforts to enslave them—after
having achieved and maintained their independence
for lime years, to annex their territory to ours
would, in the opinion of the learned gentleman from
Indiana, be robbing Mexico—ay, sir, cold-bleoded
"robbery!" So did our iilustiious ancestors "loh"
Great Britain of her immense possessions in North
America! Ourdeclai ..tion of independence, promul-
gated to the world on the 4th of July, 1776, was an
act of highway "robbery!!" If the gentleman from
Indiana had lived at that day, I suppose he would
have resisted that attempt to "roi" England of her
rich colonies'
