APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
Jan. 1845.
28th Cong.....2d Sess.
Annexation of Texas—Mr. Brengle.
H. of Reps.
come. We wil] have right and justice on our side,
and the God of our fathers will go with us to
battle, and give us the victory. Take the glorious
stars and stripes which now so proudly float over
this Capitol, plant it on the eastern bank of the Del
Norte, and if a foreign foe comes to disturb it the
gallant sons of the South and West will rush to its
support. Under that flag they will gather with the
enth usiasm of their fathers of revolutionary memory,
and swear it shall waive victorious, or become their
winding-sheet. No, sir, let us go on and do our
duty; let us do what patriotism and the national
honor requires, fearless of the consequences. I repeat
again, Mr. Chairman, if I was not satisfied that
this measure is calculated,5 when carried out, to
operate beneficially upon all the interests of the
country, and that I am acting in accordance with
the views of my constituents, I should be unwilling
to give my vote for it. I have submitted a propo-
sition, which presents the question of annexation
disencumbered of those embarrassing topics which
can be as well adjusted hereafter. The public lands
of Texas, not already disposed of—amounting, as we
are told in the official report of the general land of-
fice of Texas, to 136,111,327 acres—are pledged for
the payment of the debt, amounting, as is supposed,
to ten millions of dollars. The land at ten cents
per acre will more than pay her debt. We of the
democratic party stand pledged to the country that
this measure shall be carried out. However widely
we may now differ as to the manner and form in
which the annexation shall take place, I hope the
decision of the people will, in the end, be sustained
by their representatives. No technical objections
shall prevent me from aiding to accomplish this
great national work. I would be unworthy of the
confidence my true, honest-hearted constituents
have reposed m me, if, standing upon mere forms,
1 should record my vote against it. Let the spirit
of conciliation and harmony pervade our ranks.
Let there be no appeals to sectional feelings; but let
us act upon this great national measure as becomes
the representatives of a great and mighty republic.
REMARKS OF MR. BRENGLE,
OF MARYLAND.
In the House of Representatives, January 9, 1845—On
the annexation of Texas.
Mr. BRENGLE said that he entirely concurred in
the sentiment which had been admitted on all hands,
that few, if any subjects had been submitted to the
attention of Congress which were of a character so
vitally important as that now before the committee;
and in proportion to its importance did it become
every member of that House to give to it his most
considerate and most impartial attention. The
question involved nothing less than the integrity of
the Union and of the constitution. On a question of
this character Mr. B. knew no North, no South, no
Massachusetts, no South Carolina. It was emphati-
cally a question of the constitution and of the integ-
rity and inviolability of that sacred instrument.
Before a question of this moment and magnitude,
all others which had been brought into that House
dwindled into indescribable insignificance; they were
as nothing in comparison to the preserving, as laid
down by our fathers, of that distribution of power
which, in the judgment of the greatest deliberative
assembly of men that ever met, was deemed essen-
tial to the preservation of human liberty.
And here he would remark upon an argument
which had been presented on the other side—the
argument of sovereignty and of national preserva-
tion. The powers which could best preserve our
national existence were matters on which the framers
of that instrument had passed their judgment; and,
after the deepest consideration and the most mature
comparison of ideas, they had declared it as their
judgment that the powers contained in the constitu-
tion, and which were there either expressly given
or contained by fair and just implication, were the
powers fit to preserve the national existence. The
argument of gentlemen drawn from national sov-
ereignty and the necessity of preserving the national
existence, when followed out, amounted to neither
more nor less than to justify a grant of unlimited
powers to Congress. And it was a remarkable fact
la the history of the present discussion, that from a
party whose great and cardinal principle had ever
been a strict construction of the constitution, should
come an argument to grant a power to Congress
which annihilated at a blow all notion of a limited
government. What right had the House to giasp
px a power not conferred upon it by the constitution;
, under the plea that it was necessary to the national
preservation?
Mr. B. should not attempt a labored eulogium oil
liberty, such as had been pronounced by the gentle-
man from Ohio, [Mr. Weller.] He trusted that
he appreciated the blessing as much as any one; but
was it not necessary that every friend of liberty, and
every man who desired its preservation and perpet-
uation, should distinctly understand what powers
had and had not been granted to Congress by the
constitution, by which our freedom must be pre-
served? He called gentlemen to the precedents to
which they had been invited by the gentleman from
Virginia, [Mr. Dromgoole,] at the time he had in-
troduced his bill for annexation. He had cited to
them the case of Vermont, and had said that in the
reception of that State the government had exercised
the very power proposed by his bill; but Mr. B.,
with the greatest respect for that gentleman, must
be permitted to say that he was mistaken in point of
fact. Vermont had come into the Union not as a
foreign territory, but as territory lying within the
limits of the colonies which became independent un-
der the treaty of 1783. She was admitted precisely
as the States in the northwest were admitted now.
The eminent domain over the territory from which
the State of Vermont was erected had, by the treaty
of 1783, passed from the crown of Great Britain to
either the State of New Hampshire or the State of
New York, for there had been a controversy be-
tween those two States on that subject; but, to
whichsoever of them the territory belonged, there
was no dispute but that it was within the limits of
the treaty of 1783, and belonged, as territory, to the
independent colonies of America The admission
of a State under such circumstances furnished no
precedent whatever for the admission of a foreign
country like Texas. It was carved out of territory
belonging to the Union, and which we had won
from Great Britain by the revolution. It was now,
for the first time, after the lapse of almost three score
years and ten, that we were called to exercise a
power hitherto latent, and which had remained un-
discovered, or at least unused, all that time, though
there had been frequent occasion for using it, had its
existence been known.
Mr. B. was told that Mr. Jefferson, one of the
most strenuous advocates of a strict construction of
the constitution, had brought in theterritory ofLoui-
siana. That was very true. But if there had then
existed in Congress the power of receiving foreign
territory, and if this power was so plain, so obvious,
a:id stood out in such bold relief as gentlemen s^id,
how happened it that Thomas Jefferson saw it not,
though he racked his mind and searched the consti-
tution through and through, that, if possible, he
might put his conscience at rest while effecting so
desirable an object? Gentlemen said that there was
no doubt, and could be no doubt, that Congress
possessed the power of acquiring foreign territory;
and was not Texas as much a foreign territory now
as Louisiana had been when she was owned by
France? Unquestionably. The whole argument on
the other side had proceeded upon the assumption
that Texas was a sovereign power, perfectly inde-
pendent, and possessing soveieign dominion over
her own territory. But again, he asked, if the pow-
er was so clear, how happened it that a man who
had obtained the title of the great apostle of liberty,
the chief and champion of all strict constructionists,
was obliged after all to put the justification of the
purchase of Louisiana expressly on the ground of
an overwhelming necessity, imposed by a regard to
the great and vital interests of the American people?
The interest involved was certainly one of immense
value, being nothing less than the free navigation of
the Mississippi. And so necessary was this to the
welfare, and almost to the independence, of the
West, that Thomas Jefferson was induced to yield
to it; but he did it, as I have heard it stated, with
this salvo—that, although the constitution was vio-
lated now, he trusted that the good sense and patri-
otism of the American people would be interposed to
save it. We had his recorded opinion—we had his
written admission that he entertained the strongest
doubt whether the act of acquiring foreign territory
was constitutional. How, then, was the matter so
extremely plain, so obvious, as to be contained in
an express grant, when Thomas Jefferson, a man
who cherished an almost religious veneration for
the instrument, could not find it there? But Lou-
isiana was acquired by treaty; and if it proves any-
thing, it is that the power to acquire foreign territo-
ry is not in Congress. Let gentlemen persuade
themselves, if they could, of the clearness of
such a grant. He called upon them to put their
finger on the power; let thSm point to the clause
where it was given. No such passage could- be
found. Several provisions, it was true, had been
cited; but was it not a wonderful fact that these had
never been discovered till now? "W hen this measure
of annexation was [first 'proposed, who thought of
resorting to the legislation of Congress to effect it?
No resort was thought of but to the treaty-making
power. And he appealed to all, whether the friends
of annexation in,the House had not been unanimous
in the expression of their opinion that the tyte Tex-
as treaty was within the power of the executive.
Was it not the opinion of the senators belonging to
that party that the treaty power was competent to
make such a treaty? And now was it doubted here,
or did gentlemen pretend that the constitutioa was
so loosely drawn, that such a power as that to make
a treaty might be exercised by two distinct and sepa-
rate portions of the government' It was very re-
markable that this power of admitting foreign terri-
tory by treaty was based by gentlemen on the power
to borrow money. It was said that to borrow money
was to enter into a contract. Congress had power to
borrow money; therefore Congress had power to enter
into a contract. The acquisition of Texas was to be
done by contract; therefore Congress had power to
annex Texas. Such was the argument! Mr. B.
said there had been a peculiar propriety in confiding
the right of borrowing money m Congress, because
it was the very genius of our government to re-
tain the purse in the hands of the people, and hence
the entire money power was placed under the con-
trol of their representatives. Gentlemen, might as
well argue that, because every treaty, whether of
commerce or alliance, was a contract, and Congress
could make a contract for borrowing money, there-
fore Congress might make treaties of commerce and
alliance—in a word, all treaties, of every sort; which
amounted to neither more nor less than this: that
Congress was the treaty-making power. But Mr.
B. should not dwell further on that point. There
was another argument which had been strongly re-
lied on by the gentleman from Virginia, [Mr. Bay-
ly.] That gentleman said that Congress could ac-
quire territory by conquest; Mr. B. admitted it.
That Congress had the power to declare war. Mr.
B. admitted it. And the gentleman's argument was,
that if Congress might, by force of arms, acquire
possession of a foreign province, why, in the name
of all that was righteous, might it not do the same
thing in a peaceable manner?
Mr. B. would answer: the right of conquest was
a right peculiar to a state of war; and it was limited
by the justice of the cause for war; and it could not
exceed the obtaining a just compensation for losses
or injuries sustained, or be inflicted as an adequate
punishment for wrongs, or to prevent danger which
was imminent and distinct. Conquest, when press-
ed beyond these limits, was unlawful. Such was
the well-established doctrine of the law of nations.
It was very true that, when we were in a state of
actual war, we had a right forcibly to take foreign
territory, as one means of weakening the power of
our enemy; but was the right confined to territory
only? It went not only to real property, but to per-
sonal. We might take not only a province, but cat-
tle, horses, provisions, or anything else that belonged
to the enemy. If, then, the argument was worth
anything, Congress, because it had the war power,
might appropriate money to purchase foreign cattle.
Nay, further; Congress might appropriate the pub-
lic money on the same ground, and by the same ar-
gument, for the purchase of slaves. Would gentle-
men seriously advance an opinion like this? He be-
lieved not. No. The argument failed because it
applied to a state of peace—a right which belonged
exclusively to a state of war; which hod its very
root in war; which lived, and moved, and had its
being in a just declaration of war; and with such a
state of war the right expired.
But now he would proceed to look at that provi-
sion in the constitution on which the friends of an-
nexation planted themselves with the greatest show
of soundness, and where their arguments were the
most plausible and specious. The constitution de-
clared that Congress might admit new States into
the Union. That was clear—unquestionably Con-
gress might do so; but the question was, whether,
under this power, Congress might acquire foreign
territory, and might admit foreign States. If it was
in Congress, it was nowhere else; and as Louisiana
had been admitted by treaty, neither the States of
Louisiana, Arkansas, nor Missouri belonged consti-
tutionally to the United Stales; for their acquisition
