90.
28th Cong 2d Sess.
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
though the parlors of the proud Puritan are thrown
open to him-r-thougb free to ally himself with, ay
and even invited to the arms of, the fair-skinned
cherry-lipped, and graceful daughter of that famed'
race, still retains his nature—rejects with scorn the
tendered; connection, and prefers to revel in the
brothel, until imprisoned in a jail or penitentiary.
■And when I hear such-boasts of the stern morali-
ty, and love of liberty which is said to be peculiar to
the old Bay State, I can but involuntarily reflect
upon another one of the striking evidences of the
"opinions of our ancestors on this question of slave-
ry." An eloquent and gifted citizen of that old
State—a man who does honor to the Union on ac-
count of his noble elevation of thought and erudite
learning—thus feelingly, and in glowing language,
relates the event to which I allude:
''So perished the princes of the Pokanokets. Sad to them
had been their acquaintance with civilization. The first ship
that oame on their coast kidnapped men of their kindred,
and now the harmless boy, that had been cherished as an
only child, and the future sachem of their tribes, the last of
the family of Massasoit, was sold into bondage, to tod as a
slave, under the burning suns of Bermuda."—Bancroft's Histo-
ry of the United States.
Yes, sir, history tells the tale, that those ances-
tors, whose opinions the gentleman thinks worthy
of "some remembrance," not only sold to the
southern planter African slaves, but actually sold
for gold the children of that famous Indian warrior
who gave full employment to all their valor! De-
spoiled of their lands, and their children sold into
slavery ! And "remembrance" of these things in-
voked here to give us just idea3 of the blessings of
liberty.
Let me not be misunderstood, however, as dis-
paraging the just claims of Massachusetts. There
lias been a time when a noble and enlarged patriot-
ism ruled in her councils and actuated her states-
men. The days of the revolution exhibited her in
glory, which, though it has not received much addi-
tion since, will never fade. An orator has said that
she needs no praise—"there she is—look at her.
There are Lexington, Bunker Hill, &c." And so
they are. Sir, I look at her, and find her crowded
with villages and an industrious, thriving popula-
tion. I see immense piles of manufacturing estab-
lishments built up out of the bounty extorted from
southern labor. I see Lexington and Bunker Hill
too. But the spirits that ennobled those days, and
gave undying glory to those fields, sleep beneath
their sod! All that remains of that great race are
their characters. Their descendants have forgotten
"their opinions;" and those in whose veins flows
the blood of the men who aided in forming this
Union, now seek, unconstitutionally, to subvert it,
and are content ignominiously to live upon plunder
wrung from the sweat of southern brows!
The consequences of this deep cherished and
growing enmity to the institution of slavery are ex-
hibiting themselves in such a way as should cause
men to pause in their mad career. Not only are the
laws of God put at defiance, but the laws of their
own country. Societies are formed for the abolition
of. slavery, which, if the evidences of their own
agents are to be believed, connive at and pay for the
commission of most ignominious crimes. I speak
in this matter a voice of warning to the people of
the South. I have now before me the confession of
Charles Brown, who was hung at St. Louis, Mis-
souri, for murder, on the 9th July, 1841. He dis-
closes that the Ohio State anti-slavery society is very
extensive—say about 18,000 in number, including
societies in Indiana and Illinois. Agents are em-
ployed by it in nearly all the southern and south-
western States—about one hunded and fifty m num-
ber. They are supplied with blank certificates of
freedom, and are paid from $20 to $50 per month,
according to their success, or the risk they encoun-
ter. It is their duty to persuade slaves to run away,
and to give them free papers. They direct them to
some officers of an auxiliary society, who take
charge of them and secrete or send them to a
place of safety.
Recently a Miss Webster has been convicted of
the offence of stealing, and running to a free State,
slaves. A Meverend [!] Mr. Torrey has likewise
been convicted. In the name of humanity and re-
ligion, these men steal our property, induce others to
do so, and would aid England in her attempts to abol-
ish the institution altogether, and teach us "slave
breeders" lessons of morality! Sir, the great ma-
jority of our slaves would biush at such a morality
as exhibits such a callous disregard of the rights of
another. If these things are to continue—i^ as we
have keen given to understand, the very citadel of
Annexation of Texas—Mr. I. E. Morse.
Jan.184;
the Union is to be made the theatre of exhibitions
of hatred towards us as men, and of an eager desire
to rob us of our property, as well as of the products
of our labor, the denouement cannot be afar off.
And what would success in all these designs
bring? Can it be thought of, without an involunta-
ry shudder passing over the frame of every man
who remembers the description of like success else-
where' Perhaps they were felt by him, who, on a
recent memorable occasion, exclaimed, with the con-
centrated energy of vindictive hatred, "let five hun-
dred millions perish, but that the black be freed."
Before his vision must have floated the horrors of St.
Domingo, where wives were violated upon the
bodies of their slaughtered husbands, and the ban-
ner of the inhuman fiends was the dead body of an
infant, impaled upon a spear, its golden locks dab-
bled in gore, and its little limbs stiffened by the last
agony of suffering nature! But I turn from the pic-
ture, sir. Such things will nerer be on these shores.
Ihe gallantry which, in times gone by, defended
f° jT 'h tlle Patriolism of a portion of New Eng-
land had not compass enough to include within its
vision, is ever ready and sufficient, when the con-
stitution no longer proves a protection, to protect
our institutions and our families. But we trust in
Providence never to be driven to so dire a resort. If
but a portion of the wisdom and virtue of 1776 and
1787 yet remains to us, the compromises of the con-
stitution will not only be preserved inviolate, but be
protected arid perpetuated.
We ask no preponderance in the government, but
we demand safety. So far from the slaveholding re-
gion increasing in power disproportionately, as some
have said, a report of one of your own committees
shows unerringly the reverse. By it we learn that
so far irom retaining our proportionate number of
representatives in Congress, taking as a standard
our relative number in 1790, we have lost. In the
apportionment of 1810 we fell six below what that
relative number demanded. In 1820 we fell seven
be low. In 1830 we fell ten below; and in 1840 we
tell fourteen below! Losing relative strength in the
representative branch of the government; having
compromised away all possibility of retaining an
equality even in the Senate, by the fatal Missouri
compromise; with a fearful prospective inequality
staring us in the face; attacked day after day, month
after month, year after year, by those who are vir-
tually sworn to be our supporters, with the world
arrayed against, and its most subtle and efficient na-
tion using every means to subvert, our favorite instf-
tution, can we be true to ourselves if we do not de-
"la" . "f^e k°ntl"—'ts fulfilment to the very letter?
And if, in considering upon this project of annexa-
tion, our great statesman has felt, and wrote, and
acted for his own land in acting for the Union—if
we have ventured to express the reasons we enter-
tain for it boldly, candidly, and explicitly, as it be-
comes men at all times to do, nature sanctions, reason
approves, the course; and the folds of the constitu-
't-u shield him and us from reproach.
_ Ihe highest considerations of individual, of sec-
tional, and of national interests, urge us on to an-
nexation. Open wide the door of the Union, then
Sir to this young member of the family of republics'.
Unfeeling hands ejected her m 1819. She has sur-
vived the dangers of anarchy and despotism to which
that act exposed her. Hers, indeed, is an epitome
of our own history. And now, when leaning upon
victory, her garments dripping with
in thi u 0 -Ti mf?liess, and tyrannical foes, and
in the blue folds of her banner glittering a single
btai— the Lost Pleiad" from our own constella-
tion—wneu Texas, taught at the same fountain, and
worshipping at the same altar of freedom as we
having transplanted upon her gr en prairies our in-
stitutions laws, and religion—demands admission
m^nri77n/ i!CyAaSa .0°-guai'dia" of the fires lit
,1' " l A™encan arm can close the door
upon her. Those fires were designed to spread
fines of"!he .far beyond the narrow con-
fines of the republic m the days of'76; to blaze
dafcniI'fer until they illuminated e^
dark coiner of the earth were benighted man was
bowed down beneath the oppressions of despotic
power Instead of building i'chinese wall aZmd
add^uel to t^e fkmo'^16 Sp 6 *«• radiance, and
H. of Reps.
"Then let that mighty-flame burn on
Through change and change, thro' good and ill-
Like its own God's eternal wil], }
Deep, constant, bright, unquenchable."
voices of her intelligent and patriotic citizens, mint
ling with ours in the great drama of self-govern
MENT.
APPENDIX.
Note A.
A select committee 011 the West Inrlia colonies re&oi-t*,
to the British Parliament, July 25, 1842, a series of resolu
tions, and the testimony taken before them.
In answer to question 24,474, it came out that Sir Charle
Me^calte, former Governor of Jamaica, held "it mdispenss
Die lor the relief of Jamaica, that immigration from Africa
oi some1 other tropical climate, should take place upon
very extensive scale." 1 1
Ihe 11th of the resolutions reported is, "That one obv
ous and most desirable mode of endeavoring to compensat
lor this diminished supply of labor, is to promote jmmien
rin® P°Pulation to such an extent as t
create competition for employment."
res,olutio,n recommends "that such immigrate.
m-0 uctt1 eT the autllfrity, inspection, ani
conaol of responsible public officers." 1
The foreign Quarterly Review for October, 1843 als<
urges immigration direct from Africa! '
Note B.
The relative condition of the blacks in tiiefnon-slavehold
ing and daveholdmg States is exhibited by'the foUotvinj
table, made up from official State reports:
The proportion of colored prisoners and paupers to th<
entire colored population in *
Boston, Chelsea, and Suffolk,is as 1 to ltii<
New York city and county " 1 to 24*ni
Philadelphia city and county " j to 29.03
ci,ty and Henrico county, is as 1 to 45 Of
City 01 Charleston District " 1 to 634?
The above table shows that bond and free negroes stand
higher, physically and morally, in the slave, than they do
m the free, States. J
isto^?0"'™ the eJste™ penitentiary, Pennsylvania, foi
l&3y, sayg: The number of reconvictions to this penitentia
17 i. ?nV c°?tinued yearlyincrease of the colored convicts, are
legislature^"1 demand 'he serious consideration of the
tlhis reP°*' says: "The admissions to
the prison (for 1839) are, 80 colored and 99 white convicts—
which shows an increasing disproportionate number of colored
persons, constituting m it a peculiar and important feature,
aaccounting m a great measure for its sickness, mortality
medical expense, and labor."
_ "Deaths have been 11, viz: 2 whites and 9 blacks. "The
inspectors report, that "the instances of mental disorder the
year have been about half of those of the previous
year, and as usual, have occurred among the colored pris
nra ^Toh-f   r!l10n1' aml are chargeable to their da-
fSn alio T a . c of t,le last year, there were
f t °,0,?rciJuld 2,16 whlte prisoners"—the proportion
the relatlve number of black and wjute ia
the whole btate, by census of 1840, was 1 to 349.
SPEECH OF MR. MORSE,
OF LOUISIANA,
In the House of Representatives, January 11, 1845 
'On the annexation of Texas.
W b?  ot far distant when shall
behead from the borders of th Staks of Texas, the
The House being in Committee of the Whole, and
having under consideration the resolution for an-
nexing- Texas to the United States 
Mr. MORSE, of Louisiana, said, that represent-
ing, as he did, a district lying in the southwestern
extremity of the Union, and immediately bordering
upon Texas for a space of four hundred miles, he
trusted that it would not be thought extraordinary
that he should feel and express some solicitude on
the qnestion now before the committee. So far
from offering ail apology to the House for taking
some humble part in this debate, he should hold
himself obnoxious to the charge of disregarding" the
interests of his constituents should he hesitate, from
distrust of his own powers,Tto endeavor to show
the advantage that would arise from the proposed
measure of annexation, not to Louisiana alone, but
to the Umok at large.
In the commencement of his remarks, he desired
to disclaim that view whicli represented this as a
local question. It was no local question; it was a
great national question, and gentlemen should ap-
proach the discussion of it with the enlarged view of
statesmen, and not treat it, either on the one side or
the other, as a base, selfish, local struggle. So far
indeed, as it could be considered local in its bearings,
the people of .Louisiana, without reference to party
distinctions, (as the resolutions adopted by her le-
gislature and speaking the united voice of the State
would incontrovertibly show,) were unanimous in
their desire and strong in their solicitude for the an-
nexation of a region which had once constituted a
part of Louisiana.
Before entering upon the subject, he would first
endeavor to strip it of some of those difficulties and
prejudices which had been gotten up out of doors,
in order that they might have a bearing upon the
action of the House. Mr. M. had listened with
much attention to the cours? of thedebate, an9
