93
28th Cong.. ..2d Sess.
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
-Mr. Bowlin.
Jan. 1845.
Annexation of Texas-
H. of Reps.
ing about the question of their independence dejure;
that was a matter with which we had nothing to do;
it was their affair, and their affair only. We look-
ed simply at the fact that a government had been es-
tablished, and with that we had our intercourse.
Thus in the case of the revolutions m Portugal. Af-
ter the revolution which took place there, this gov-
erment did not pretend to inquire whether Don Pe-
dro was or was not lawfully the monarch. It treat-
ed simply with those who had the power.
Mr. M. said he had looked into the constitution
■with some attention; for he wanted to see whether
there was in it any provision for admitting the States
of the old confederacy at all. The gentleman from
Maryland [Mr. Brengle] seemed to treat the state-
ment that we could admit Texas as we had admit-
ted Vermont with ridicule. Now, the articles of
confederation declared that a new State might be
admitted when the vote of nine States could be ob-
tained to ratify such admission. The Madison pa-
pers would show that an attempt had been made to
require the ratification of all the States, but that
proposition had been rejected, and the other, re-
quiring the assent of nine Slates, was adopted. Now,
he would ask whether the four additional States, after-
wards received into the Union, were not foreign States?
What argument could be brought to prove the con-
trary? It was very true that these four States had
fought in eompany with the others in the revolution-
ary war; but still, if the constitution adopted by the
others did not please them, what prevented them, if
they chose, from going back under the government
of Great Britain? It was a fact that the first Presi-
dent of the United States had been elected without
the vote of Rhode Island. It had been stated to
him by a distinguished gentleman, a member of this
Congress, that before North Carolina adopted the
new constitution, a tariff of duties was passed, to be
levied on the products of that State, as in the case
of foreign States. As soon as nine States had adopt-
ed the constitution, no other could be admitted unless
under the clause which empowered Congress to admit
new States into the Union. The able and luminous
argument of the gentleman from Virginia [Mr. Bay-
ly] showed that there was no limit to this power of
admission. The ^convention lefused to limit it to
such States as should be formed out of territory al-
ready m the Union. Several forms of limitation
were proposed, but they all failed, and the conven-
tion settled down upon that short, and general, and
unqualified clause which now contained the admit-
ting power. Mr. M. contended that the clause con-
tained internal evidence that foreign States were in-
tended to be included under its language. What did
the clause declare?
"New States may lie admitted by the t'oni^rcss jnto tins
Union; but no new State shall be formed oi' "erected within
the jurisdiction of any other State, nor any State he formed
by the junction of two or more btates, without the consent
of the legislature o( the States concerned, as well as oi the
Congress.''
This was intended to provide against an undue
increase of power in one portion of the Union to the
disadvantage of another. The object was to pre-
serve the existing balance of power; that, as far as
possible, the thirteen States should remain relatively
to each other as they had entered the confederacy,
and should not be subdivided so as to give a different
balance between them.
Mr. M. put another inquiry: Was the annexa-
tion likely to give umbrage to Mexico or to any
other foreign nation? For though he held that this
government, in pursuing the good of the people,
should pay but little attention to threats of war
from abroad, still it was its duty not to give reason-
able cause of offence to foreign powers. And this,
Mr. M. would not be willing to do. Now, Texas
was, or it was not, an independent power, if it was,
and if its independence had been recognised by this
government, and by the governments of the most
important kingdoms of the vvoiId, then Texas pos-
sessed all the attributes of sovereignty, and, as a
sovereign power, might cede away or otherwise dis-
pose of her territory as to her should seem good.
Yes; but gentlemen said that her independence had
not been lecognised.by Mexico; Mexico still claimed
her as a dependant province, though in rebellion.
But ought the existence of such a cljun to prevent
Texas, if really independent, r' >r:i entering into
treaties witii other poweis'' Surely not. Where
were all these objections when it was proposed to
purchase Texas? We had no more right to pur-
chase Texas without the consent of the owner than
we had to annex her. We tried 10 purchase her
when she was at open war with Spain, and no voice
was then raised againstit. Where were the champions
of the constitution then? Why did they not come
forward and present their objections to purchasing a
province which was in a state of open war with a
friendly power? But not a sound of objection was
heard; gentlemen were as silent as the grave. If we
could'buy Texas from Mexico without the consent
of Spain, we could buy Texas from herself without
the consent of Mexico.
But there was one subject introduced into this de-
bate which had nothing to do with annexation, con-
sidered as a great national question. It was brought
in here and agitated to prevent the passage of a
measure which gentlemen well knew was likely to
have a large majority. Mr. M. regretted to be
obliged to allude to it, but he was bound not to let it
pass without some notice. And here he rejoiced in
having an opportunity, for the first time, to define
his position. He denied the principle which seem-
ed to have been assumed here as a thing conceded,
viz: that slavery was an evil. He insisted that it
was no evil; on the contrary, it was the greatest
good and blessing which God Almighty himself
could have ordained for the protection and safe-keep-
ing of a large mass of human beings who were in-
capable of maintaining and preserving themselves.
He was sorry to hear from the lips of any southern
gentleman the admission that slavery was an evil.
No doubt it might be destroyed by the hand of vio-
lence, just as the aborigines had been destioyed; but
might did not give right. And on this subject he
had one thing more to say. The right of petition
was a constitutional right, and one for which he had
all respect, and lie was prepared to support it to the
extent of his slender abilities. But he would ask
northern gentlemen whether, m exercising and
guarding this right of petition, they had a right to
come into that House, and present and have read at
the clerk's table papers grossly insulting to seventy
or eighty of their fellow-members on that floor?—
papers in the form of petitions, filled with epithets
such as Mr. M. would not repeat=—epithets contain-
ing, by implication, the charge of villany and bar-
barity on the very party to whom the petition was
addiessed, and from whom the petitioners sought
redress' AVherc else was conduct like this tolerated
in a public hody' Mr. M. had been a member of
other political bodies before he came to this House,
but in every one of them, and in every other legis-
lative body he had seen or heard of, the moment a
petition was seen to contain language of an insult-
ing tenor it was thrown out of doors. Mr. M.
had no objection that a parcel of superannuated old
maids should get together and say what they pleased
about southern men and things. It gave him no
concern whatever; de minimisnon curat lex, [a laugh,]
whether of persons or of thing.?, has always been
my motto.
But he protested against the right of gentlemen,
under the guise of presenting petitions to Congress,
to insult him; and he hoped when those petitions
which had been objected to should come up for dis-
cussion, that every southern representative would
avail himself of his full privilege, and speak one en-
tire hour against them. [A laugh.] He was re-
solved, for one, to do this on every petition, before
he would consent to hear his constituents insulted
from day to day. The same denunciations and
threats were uttered against the South when it was
asked that Louisiana should be admitted to the
Union. A gentleman from Massachusetts had de-
clared on this floor that if Louisiana were admitted
the bond of the Union must be dissolved, and that
the States must separate—amicably if they could,
violently if they must. Yet, when they themselves
came here claiming the right to insult every south-
ern man on the fiooi—to call them men-stealers and
slave-breeders, and other epithets if possible still
more degrading—and pray the Congress to take away
our property without any consideration, if any
southern man dared to raise his voice in remon-
strance or indignant reply, these gentlemen exclaim-
ed, "How poor are they who have no patience'11
I hey were only exercising the right of petition.
Yes, but that right must be exercised by a manly,
honest, upright, and gentlemanly course, atid not m
the utterance of abuse and denunciation. It was
outrageous; it should not be submitted to; and the
time was come when some acti .u should be had on
the subject, Mr. M loved this Union; :,e would not
willingly inflict the slightest wound upon it: but to
men of honor it was valuable only so long as their per-
sonal feelings were respected. If conduct like this were
pursued towards an individual, it would be pro-
nounced inipertinence, and would receive instant
chastisement. The constitution did not support any
man in such a course. What! was a man to come
into his house and tell him that the pattern of his
furniture did'nt suit his taste?—that the clothing of
his wife and children was not according to his ideas
of propriety?—and that the education of his chil-
dren and the government of his servants was not
conformed to his starched and straght-backed notions
of morality? And if Mr. M. should turn such an
intruder out of doors—ay, and should not be very
ceremonious as to the mode of the ejection would
he be condemned as hasty, as unreasonably sensi-
tive, or as conscious of guilt? No: he would be ex-
ercising the rights which every northern man would
claim as his own. Yet acts were passed here oyer
their heads, and against every remonstrance, which
touched them nearly; yet with manliness and calm-
ness they said to e'ach other, We will endure it now,
but at the next election we will endeavor to set this
matter right. Such was their conduct when only
their interests were touched, but on this slavery
question they had no terms to make; it concerned
them of the South alone, and was a violation of the
spirit if not the letter of the constitution.
The present was, Mr. M. believed, but the second
time that he had broken silence on that floor, and it
had been his purpose to present a resolution, which
he had drawn uji and submitted to the judgme t of
men older and wiser than himself, the effect of which
was to make every member individually responsible
to the House for every paper he should presentinthe
form of a petition or memorial. Let him read it over
before he presented it, and if it contained injurious or
insulting language, let him answer it to the House.
Petitions were very coolly sent into that House,
praying it to take away from the southern members
their property. What would these gentlemen say
if petitions and memorials should come from the
South praying that the poor devils who worked in
northern factories twelve, fourteen, sixteen, and
eighteen heurs out of twenty-four, should betaken
out of the hands of their employers, or very hu-
manely suggesting that if they rose and cut their
throats the people of the South would back them?
What would northern men say of their patriotism
and their integrity? For one, Mr. M. would scorn
so to abuse the right of petition. Had gentlemen
the right to occupy the hour allotted in debate in
recommending to the people held in bondage at the
South to rise and cut the throats of their masters?
A majority on this floor could sanction such a pro-
ceeding, and they would have as much right to do
it as they had to bring in petitions implying the same
thing. Mr. M. should not represent the sentiments
of the people of Louisiana if he did not say here in
his place that, on that subject, they had no terms to
make. They held this Union to be a blessing, but
they would give it up sooner than submit to this.
The whole thing was founded in a delusion. Mr.
M. had travelled all over the South, and had visited
a large number of manufacturing countries of Eu-
rope, and be maintained that the southern negroes
were not only a great deal better fed and clothed,
but a great deal more intelligent and respectable
than the operatives of Europe. [Much laughter.]
Here Mr. M.'s hour expired, and he resumed
his seat amidst a great deal of excitement and not a
little merriment.
SPEECH OF MR. BOWLIN,
OF MISSOURI.
In the House of Representatives, January 15, 1845—On
the reannexation of Texas to the United States.
Mr. BOWLIN addressed the committee as fol-
lows:
Mr. Chairman: The question before the commit-
tee, viewed either in respect to the importance of the
measure involved, or to that settled determination of
public opinion under which we act, is one of no or-
dinary character. A question, the determination of
which is destined to operate a powerful influence
upon our own institutions, and involving, as it were,
almost the fate of a sister republic, is not one to bo
lightly met, or humorously disposed of. We
should meet it in that calm spirit of deliberation
which becomes statesmen, into whose hands are com-
mitted, at leaU for a time, the destinies of the \cpub-
lic. And while he was disposed to accord to a por-
tion of the opposition a disposition to treat the sub-
ject with becoming respect, as one of the most im-
portant that had ever engaged the councils of this
nation, yet it was not to be concealed that another
portion had been content merely to open upon it the
batteries of their ridicule. Ridicule was a formida-
