Jan. 1845.
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
93
28th Cong 2d Sess.
Annexation of Texas—Mr. Bowlin.
H. of Reps.
ble weapon, when dexterously used, upon proper
occasions. Grave questions have been laughed into
contcmpt. But there are questions of such grave
magnitude, that rise so high above the potent influ-
ence of its power, that they make the effort recoil
upon itself, and strip it of its illusive force. And
this is one of those questions. .The honorable gen-
tleman from Maryland, [Mr. Kennedy,] by the
force and keenness of his fancy, may discern the
similarity between the construction of the will in
the "Tale of a Tub," and a question involving for
weal or for wo the fate of future empires; but I re-
joice, for my own part, that I am'possessed of no
such brilliancy of imaginatian—no such richness of
fancy. But, however racy the wit, or keen the sa-
tire, contained in the attempted comparison, I flatter
myself it fell harmless before the committee, when
brought in contact with a question proposing the
advancement of the standard of civil and religious
liberty to untold millions of the future. And the
very failure of the gentleman to bring the question
into contempt, by the aid of so powerful an agent,
wielded by so dexterous a master, only adds another
proof of the settled convictions of this committee
of the all-pervading importance of this question
upon the destinies of both countries. It is a ques-
tion, sir, that rises above and beyond the party con-
flicts of the day, by which one or the other of the
great parties are to stamp the impress of their prin-
ciples upon the administration of the government.
If we err there, we have the corrective at hand.
We can change the men and their systems of policy
by the potent voice of a free people. Not so with
the question before us, the decision of which must
be final, though it should be fatal to the best inter-
ests of the country.
But, sir, there is another circumstance beyond its
intrinsic merits, calculated to give an all-absorbing
importance to this measure; and that is the solemn
decision of the people upon it. It is in one sense to
test the practicability of our beautiful system of
representative government, founded as it is upon
the popular will. The abstract question of annex-
ation has been fairly placed before the people, de-
liberately discussed, and solemnly decided by them;
and they have intrusted to their representatives to
carry out, in detail, that solemnly-rendered decision
to a practical termination. To disregard this deci-
sion, where no constitutional objections interpose,
would be to strike a deadly blow at that beautiful
principle in our own institutions, which recognises
the foundation of political power ill the popular
will. If this first principle of republican govern-
ment is to bo utterly disregarded by the representa-
tive, upon a question like this, then have our fathers
labored in vain in supposing they were erecting a
monument to civil liberty that would be imperisha-
ble; and this gives additional interest to the mcasuie,
that it involves the question of obedience to the
popular will.
Another matter that gives peculiar importance to
this question is, that it is a question of the enlargement
of territory, by which the area of civil and religious
liberty is to be spread out and extended. We may
vainly fancy that we may check the progress em-
igration by icfusing to extend our institutions aiid
our laws, commensurate with its progress. But it
is a vara delusion; our people, with a spirit of enter-
prize unparalleled in the history of man, are push-
ing onward, seattenng in their train the blessings of
enlightened liberty; you may follow them with your
laws and institutions, which they love and cherish
with a patriotic devotion, and thereby add strength
and permanent gloi y to the republic; or you may,
under the influence of a contracted policy, refuse,
and lose an empire in extent, and all the political
advantages, which the acquisition of such a country,
must necessarily bring with it. The country was
ours, and, m an unguarded moment, we threw the rich
prize away: the unaided individual prowess of our
fellow-citizens has won it back, and tenders it to us,
to unite with us again, and restore the ancient limits
of the republic. And shall we, madly blind to the
commercial and political advantages that this Union
promises—to the wealth, power, and dominion that
it must contribute to establish—spurn the proffered
prize, and thereby drive our countrymen in Texas
to the necessity of rearing a rival republic, upon our
own dismembered soil? No; let us take her back, and
reunite a territory designed by the finger of God as
the habitation of one people. The waters of Texas
are the waters of the lich valley of the Mississippi;
united as one people, our march is onward to
wealth, glory, and renown; divided, and discord
reigns, until the sword regains what is lost by our
tardy counsels. The importance of this acquisition,
in this point of view, can scarcely be realized. It must
bring with it peace, Happiness, and prosperity to
both nations.
Little less momentous than the acquisition itself,
is t.he importance of speedy action on our part. By
our negotiations with Texas, we have exposed her
to the relentless fury of her foes; and if we are to
unite our fortunes with hers, it is meet and just to
her that it should be done promptly. Speedy action
is demanded by the highest considerations of pub-
lic policy on our part, if we would not fling away
the rich treasure from our grasp. And it is equally
demanded by the stern principles ofjustice towards
Texas, whom we have at least flattered with the pros-
pects of union, until we have aroused the vengeance of
her enemies, and exposed her to their persecutions.
Besides, all may be lost by delay, together with that
character for energy and determination which has in
former times thrown such a halo of glory upon our
national councils. Let us act speedily; let us act
promptly; let us show to the world that it was the
same to us to determine and to execute. Let it not
be said of us that the people have decided the ques-
tion, and their councils had not energy sufficient to
execute the decree:
"Let's take the instant by the forw aid top;
For on our quickest decrees
The inaudible and noiseless foot of time
Steals ere we can eftect them."
If our system of policy should bring down upon
Texas a servile and exterminating war, we cannot
fold our arms and be indifferent spectators to results
which we have contributed to produce. If we could,
the people who have decided this question would
not. They would rush to the rescue of their coun-
trymen, fearless of consequenccs. If, then, we
would avert such a calamity, let us at once, in obe-
dience to the popular will, annex Texas, and destroy
the vain delusion that animates her foes of ever
bringing her into subjection.
That a matter of such importance, carrying in its
train such multiplied blessings, ought to be accom-
plished, if it can he done upon constitutional prin-
ciples, few will be found hardy enough to deny. In-
deed, the rallying point of the opponents to this
measure seems to be upon the constitution. Though
they vary their objections according to the particu-
lar views of their respective speakers, they all, with
one exception so far, [Mr. G. Davis,] unite in de-
nying the constitutional power of this government to
acquire territory. And, what is no less remarkable
than true for this particular case, they all suddenly
became wonderfully strict construers of the consti-
tution. They have suddenly awakened to a new-
born zeal f)r the letter—ay, the very strict letter—
of the constitution; and Mr. Jefferson has strangely
become good and approved authority in this crusade
against the annexation of Texas. It would be well
t.o apply some of their new doctrines on constitution-
al construction to the leading articles of their political
creed, such as protective tariffs and banks.
But the doctrine of strict construction is not fa-
miliar to them. They do not understand
it well enough to apply it even plausibly.
For if there beany truth in the soundness of their
reasoning upon the subject, they have certainly
shown that a large poition of this confederacy are
now out of the Union; among which is the State 1
have the honor in part to represent. If their doc-
trines prove anything, they prove too much, when
the whole territory west of the Mississippi has to
fall a prey to their new zeal for strict construc-
tion.
Now, sir, I am a strict constructionist; I belong
to that party who believe the rights of the States
and the liberties of the people are only secure
whilst we adhere strictly to the constitution, as it
came from the hands of our patiiotic ancestors. As
a party, we stand by the constitution as the sheet-
anchor of our safety; and would touch nothing that
its piovisions do not emphatically warrant and fully
authorize. We are nor the party who have acquir-
ed distinction for frittering away the provisions of
that sacred instrument, to suit every occasion of ex-
pediency that may ai ise. We plant ourselves upon
that charter of our rights, and, dear to us as is the
acquisition of this beautiful country, it is not pre-
cious enough to be purchased at the expense of a
broken constitution. If we have not the power, un-
der the constitution, then we shall not propose to ex-
ercise it, though the mild climate and fertile fields of
Texas invite us to the deed.
That every sovereign and independent nation
has the power of acquiring territory, is an axiom
in the science of government which it would but
weaken by attempting to illustrate. Every nation
of people has that power inherent from its sov-
ereignty. It is one of the attributes of sovereign
power, and has, from the foundation ofgovernments
amongst men, been exercised in various ways. That
this abstract proposition is true, no gentleman of
the opposition, I presume, will pretend to deny.
The soverjgnties of the Old World a^ constantly ex-
ercising the power in various forms; rfind if gentle-
men want an illustration of the fact, let them so to
the map and see the red sha'ding, indicating Eng-
land's possessions, belting the globe. Sovereign na-
tions acquire territory by conquest, by discovery,
by purchase, and by annexation in the true sense of
■the word; by union, by joining together, and the
smaller merging in the larger.
Then, if the power to acquire territory is a sov-
ereign attribute, as a free, sovereign, and independ-
ent nation, we have that power, unless it is express-
ly restrained and limited; which no gentleman can
pretend is the case. When we declared ourselves a
free, sovereign, and independent people, we took
upon ourselves, in the face of the nations of the
earth, all the attributes that belonged to such a pow-
er; one of which was the full right to acquire territo-
ry, and compete with them in enlarging the sphere
of our national glory and renown.
If, then, acquisition of territory is an essential of
sovereignty, we must have it lodged somewhere. It
must be either in the general or State governments;
and that both are sovereign, within their respective
spheres, is a doctrine established by an authority
which the whigs would hardly controvert. If, then,
it belongs to the nation, and the States do not pos-
sess it, under the constitution, the general govern-
ment must.
Now the question arises, do the States possess
the power of acquiring territory? They do not, in
consequence of constitutional restrictions. The
States are clearly and emphatically restrained from
entering into any treaty, alliance, or confederation,
which denies them the means of accomplishing the
end. They are expressly prohibited from entering
into any compact with another State, or with a for-
eign power, without the assent of Congress. The
States are also prohibited from engaging in war:
So that the restrictions apply with peculiar force
upon all the elements for the acquisition of territory.
They cannot enter into treaties or compacts to ac-
quire it by purchase or annexation, nor into war to
acquire it by conquest. The constitutional restric-
tions upon the States are clear and decisive, and
need no illustration to give them force.
Then, sir, if 1 have succeeded in showing that the
acquisition of territory is an attribute of sovereign-
ty, and belongs to every independent nation, and
that, under our system, the power is expressly taken
from the States, then the conclusion is inevitable
that the power exists here in the general govern-
ment, unless you can force the mind to the ridicu-
lous conclusion that we, as a nation, are wanting in
some of the essentials of sovereignty. Not heing
willing to tolerate a conclusion so derogatory to our
national character and national honor, 1 deny its
legitimacy. Such a conclusion is neither founded m
reason nor patriotism.
But, sir, strong and impregnable as are the posi-
tions here assumed, we are not driven to the neces-
sity of relying on them alone to maintain the exist-
ence of the power. The framers of the constiu-
tion never doubted the power; but, m the exercise
of that wisdom and forecast for which they are so
much distinguished, they have placed the question
in the constitution itself beyond cavil. They fore-
saw and felt that they were laying the foundation of
a republic that was destined, in the progress of
events, to rise to glory and to grandeur, and spread
the blessings of civil liberty throughout the conti-
nent; and they established its provisions accordingly.
Its duration was confined to no period, and its capa-
ciousness to admit new teintory and enlarge the
sphere of its blessings, was confrncd to no space.
Now, sir, what says the constitution itself upon
the subject of the admission of new States into the
confederacy? It says: "New States may be admit-
ted by the Congress into this Union." This is the
express language of the constitution, and without
any restriction, except so far as it concerns the di-
vision or amalgamation of existing States. Can
language be more comprehensive than this? The
power is here given in the very broadest terms. It
is confined to no space, it is limited to no tune.
This high privilege of admitting States might have
commenced on the day of the adoption of the con-
