M
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
Jan. 1845,
28th Cohg 2d
Annexation of Texas—Mr, Bowlin.
H. of Reps.
stitution, and have continaefesOTjiensurate with its
existence. This phraseology is striking for its un-
limited character. And it was wisely placed so, un-
less tbe framers of the constitution intended to imi-
tate the Celestials, and restrain and confine the glo-
ries of the empire from the gaze of the world. But
the honorable gentleman from Maryland [Mr. Ken-
, HSJrt] contended that this power was only intended to
efppTy to the then territory of the United States. But
_ "Where doesie find the restriction? Certainly not
. .ifi'the comprehensive language containing the grant
of the power. There is no restriction in words;
and fancy itself cannot supply one to counteract the
effect of such a broad and comprehensive grant of
power. "New States may be admitted by the Con-
- gress into this Union," says tbe constitution: not
new States put of a specific territory, as our new
lights at strict construction would contend, but new
States out of any territory. The constitution has
so lpng been a plastic thing in the hands of these
gentlemen, (the whiga,) that, even when they turn
strict constructionists, they cannot forego the temp-
tation of warping it to suit the expediency of the
moment. To admit is to grant entrance, to allow to
. come in; and Congress is vested expressly with the
power—unlimited, save by their own views of the
policy of the measure, in the exercise of it. It is a
power expressly conferred upon Congress to admit
States—and wisely conferred, for the preservation
of the.constitution—with no limits save the wisdom
and patriotism of the people whose sentiments they
j. represent. This is one of the wisest provisions in
ffvjtjhe constitution, and does immortal honor to the
patriotic framers. They saw, with
...g.'prophetic spirit, the future glory of the republic;
.they beheld her rapidly advancing in population,
wealth, pow^r, and all the elements of national
greatness; and they knew that the free spirit of a
daring and enterprising people could not be bound
down and fettered to a particular soil; and they
made the provision brand enough to meet all these
contingencies.
But, plain and emphatic as is this grant of power,
we are not left to the words alone for a key to their
construct™. It js a plain rule, in construing a pro-
vision of doubtful import, that we must look to the
. intent of the framers, as developed in their action,
arid to the contemporaneous exposition of it. I
humbly conceive the words themselves are plain
enough here; but, to meet the caviling of those who
pretend to deny this construction, and boastingly
entrench themselves, as they say, behind the consti-
tution,! shall offer some views, growing out of
the action of the convention, as illustrative of the
intention of its members.
_ It was a cherished policy of our ancestors, at the
time of the revolution, to keep open the door of the
confederation for the admission cf Canada. Indeed,
in the old articles of confederation there exists an
express provision for this purpose, whenever she
consented to thow off the yoke of bondage and ap-
ply for such admission. That she would some day
do this, and apply for admission, seemed to be a pre-
dominant idea m their minds. Impressed with this
. view, and their minds directed to that point amongst
others, they entered upon the solemn duties of fram-
organic laws for the republic. They engaged in
u £ ty Supplanting the articles of confederation,
the first bond of union, by a regular constitution.
Upon this particular clause, relating to the admis-
sion of new States, they have left us broad and per-
manent landmarks to guide us to their intentions,
which looked constantly to a broader extension of
the confederacy. I shall not go into detail upon the
variety of propositions presented and discut-sed be-
fore that body upon this point. Suffice it to say
that the first proposition submitted was for the ad-
mission of new States "lawfully arising ivili-athe
limits of the UhUed Slateswhich must have directed
their attention pnrticulaily to that point. The
clause, with this restriction upon it, was at one
time adopted in commutes of the whole, but finally
stricken out; and the power conferred upon Con-
fress in the broad and comprehensive teimsnow
xed in the constitution. This action clearly de-
monstrates that it was not the intention of the con-
vention to restrict the power of admitting S'ates to
territory within the limitation of the United States.
This clear evidence of intention, coming in support
of the broad terms of the authority, establishes the
existence of the power too plain for demonstration.
They intended to give the power; they did give it,
and for wise and patriotic purposes. They looked
to a broader expansion of the confederacy—to a
greater extension of the area of free principles, and
formed the instrument to meet the grand design.
And shall we arrogantly assume that they were
wrong, and attempt to destroy the plain principles
of the constitution by false constructions? Are we
wiser than our fathers were? Are we more patri-
otic, that we should question the wisdpm and purity
of their acts? They gave the power in plain, une-
quivocal language; and left the recorded testimony
as an imperishable monument of their meaning and
design. And it only becomes our duty, when pa-
triotism and the expressed will of the nation de-
mand it, to execute that power for the glory and
prosperity of the country.
But in the face of all this, the honorable gentlemen
in the opposition deny the constitutional power, and
—what is no less strange than true—make Mr. Jef-
ferson their authority in support of their position.
Extracts from certain letters of his have been read,
wherein he is made to question the authority of
Congress to acquire territory. We do not pretend
to deny that Mr. Jefferson entertained, at one time,
doubts of this power; but that he continued to en-
tertain them, is denied by the whole political history
of that distinguished statesman. An empire in ex-
tent was acquired under his administration, and in
accordance with his own expressed wishes and rec-
ommendations. It is true, that when the Spanish
authorities in possession of New Orleans—the only
great outlet of the Mississippi valley—by a system
of policy interrupted our trade and commerce, the
question first arose on the power of the government
to purchase a piece of territory there for the use of
our citizens—to unfetter our trade and commerce in
that quarter.
Mr. Jefferson was at that time at the head of this
government; the evil was insupportable. The
West were ready to fly to arms, to open for their
commerce a passage to the sea. And the original
design of Mr. Jefferson to preserve peace and har-
mony between the two nations, was to] purchase
a piece of territory in the heart of the Spanish do-
minions, for a place of deposit of the trade and
commerce of the West. And Mr. Jefferson at first,
amongst others, entertained doubts of the power,
and, in his social and familiar correspondence, ex-
pressed those doubts, with a view, if well founded,
that the constitution might be altered to meet the
exigency of the case. But, sir, look to his subse-
quent conduct as an exponent of his subsequent
views. Pending these troubles, Louisiana was
transferred to France, and became a province
of that republic, and the negotiations that were com-
menced for a mere spot to deposit goods upon,
ended with the acquisition of a territory as large as
the original thirteen States, and unsurpassed for fer-
tility of soil by any equal portion of territory upon
the globe. Mr. Jefferson recommended this acqui-
sition as the head of the nation—negotiated for it 
secured it, and annexed it to the confederacy, where
it will remain a perpetual monument of his wisdom
and patriotism. Here is Mr. Jefferson's act, against
mere doubts expressed in familiar correspondence
with friends, and that, too, at a time when it re-
quired all his energies to resist federal encroach-
ments on the constitution.
Besides, sir, in support of this power, 1 might ask
what was the practice of the government in the early
period of her history, when many of the men who
framed the constitution had seats upon this floor.
At the adoption of the constitution all the States did
not come into the confederacy. A number less
than the whole adopted the constitution, elected
Gen. Washington President, and put the got em-
inent hi full operation. When this was done, where
was North Caroline1 S e was not in the confed-
eracy. She did not ar! in electing the President ar.d
putting the government in operation. I again ask,
where was she at that time? She was out of the
Union. She was a free, sovereign, and independent
State; and to this confederacy a foreign State. She
possessed all the elements of notional character, sep-
eiate and distinct from the confederation, and she
exeicised them. She is now in the Union. How
did she come here? Sir, she adopted the federal
constitution, and knocked ot the door of the Union,
and was admitted—yes, admitted in obedience to the
principles of the constitution, and is one '>f the stars
of oiu-national galaxy. So with other States that
ud not come in at the tdoption of the constitution;
i.ut one example will suffice fir an initiation of the
piiRCJple. Who were the men upon the Pta^e of
action when these occurrences took place? They
were the men of the revolution, the frameis of t'" 
constitution, the fathers of the republic.
But the honorable gentleman from Kentucky
[Mr. G. Davis]—the only'one on that side who has
yet admitted, the power in this government to ac-
quire territory—contends, by way of destroying the
force of his admission, that it can only be accom-
plished by treaty, and not by law or joint resolu-
tion. Now I will concede to the gentlemen that
the treaty-making power is the element in general
to be employed in making contracts or compacts
with foreign nations; but that it swallows up the
whole power of forming compacts, I utterly deny.
The legislative as well as the executive department
of this government can form compacts, as binding
upon the nation as a treaty. I am aware that, be-
cause the constitution confers the power of making
treaties upon the executive and Senate, and in a sub-
sequent article declares them the supreme law of
the land when so made, many gentlemen take
the idea that this is a kind of unlimited power.
Not so, however; they must conform to the principles
of the constitution from which they derive their power,
and strictly observe its limitations. Territory, I
grant, may be acquired by treaty; it may also be ac-
quired when offered to us by an acceptance on the
part of the Congress. Suppose, for illustration, that
Spain ^tired of maintaining a foreign province, was,
by her constituted authorities, to pass an act dona-
ting her rich and beautiful island of Cuba to us:
could we not, by legislative action, declare our accept-
ance of the grant, and make it our property? And
yet there would be no treaty about the matter,
Texas, a free and independent republic, offers her-
self to us: can we not, by legislative action, declare
our assent and receive her into the Union? This
doctrine that every form of compact belongs exclu ■
sively to the treaty power, is not true in point of
fact. Suppose we were to pass an act admitting
British goods into our ports at an ad valorem duty
of twenty per cent.—to take effect, however, upon
conditions that she opened her ports to our produc-
tions upon like terms; and she did so by an act in
Parliament: is this not a compact, ay, a commer-
cial compact, binding upon the parties, and yet not
relying upon the treaty power?
In the acquisition of territory, the examples fur-
nished by the action of this government are both
ways. Louisiana and Florida were acquired by
treaty, concurred in by Congress, who had to vote
the money, and acquiesced in by the people. The
northwest territory was acquired by a compact, de-
clared to be such, between Virginia and the Con-
gress under the articles of confederation; and this
was done by the legislative power, and has received
the national sanction under the constitution
Again, sir: upon the acquisition of Louisiana,
there yet remained a small Spanish province not in-
cluded, now constituting, in part, I believe, the dis-
trict of the honorable gentleman from Louisiana,
[Mr. Dawson.] That province, lying south of
the Mississippi, and east of the river Perdido, re-
volted from the Spanish authorities, asked admis-
sion, and is now a part of the State of Louisiana.
How did this happen? It was accomplished by an
act of Congress; by an act of the legislative depart-
ment of the government, taking possession of it, and
incorporating it with Louisiana, upon the alleged
grounds of necessity, to preserve our security, tran-
quillity, and commerce. Thus we have precedents
both ways, and precedents that have received the
national sanction.
If, then, I have been successful in demonstrating'
that we have power to acquire territory, and that
either by bill, resolution, or treaty, the next ques-
tion that arises is, as to the authority of Texas to
make the concession on her pait. And this depends
upon her character as a nation. If she i«- five,
sovereign, and independent power, no o*e ran
t:on her authority o\cr and within the li -niis of !.-v
domain, and hcnce the opponents to th;j
have been constantly udt*ced to the ne-'ositv t.>
gne eveii color to thur position*, of her a
dependency upon 3f, ihfn, ll.e p'vmj;,es
upon which the oppo^iti-.i, Ikivo crc'ed then*
Rtiucture be thernseSvcs fal^e, tht* whole f<?!.r.'c
rnust fa!! to the ground. Js Trxas a sove>vi-n Suite >
1 onege that she is, by the U^heM authority—}.-^-
ing won that proud distinction anions, tl./noaons.
ottne earth by the prowess of her arris.
I shall not go into a detail of the causes that led
to t.ie separation between her and Mexico. fur!h< r
uan briefly to notice some of tiie most prominent
points _,v!e_>-ico was originally a confederated re-
public, ince our own, composed of a number of inde-
pendent States, of which Texas was one. From the
time Oi tne adoption of the constitution, one contin-
ued scene of violence after another followed in quick
