Jan. 1845.
28th Cong 2d Sesk.
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOSfi,<
Annexation of Texas—Owen^   
99
H. of Reps.
Senate roll Killed, the ratifying vote given, and the
instrument passed to the President; at the instant
when his pen completed the approving signature,
would it, even at that first moment of final ac-
tion upon it, at that very first moment of its
legal existence, then have been a treaty? A
treaty between whom' A compact between what
two sovereign powers5 Between us and Texas?
That approving signature would have stricken
Texas from the independent sovereignties of the
earth. And there would have remained nothing;,
but. what is familiar enough to us-—what Congress
has often consummated, and will consummate
again and again, as a matter of coarse—a compact
between the federal government, and a portion of
our own territory; a compact corning within the
province of Congress, not of the tieaty-making
power..
Theie would be stipulations still to be fulfilled,
but not what could be properly called treaty stipula-
tions, for there would be no foreign sovereign power
ther existing, with whom we could fulfil them.
My argument is not, that an act of annexation is
nothing more than a compact between the genera
government and one of her Territories. I but say,
that it resembles that quite as much as it resembles
a treaty. But, in truth, it is neither the one nor the
other. It is an act sui generis. Talk of pre-
cedents to justify it! You might as well seek,
in his ancestors, the fame of Napoleon Buona-
parte. He was himself an ancestor! There never
was, in the history of the world before, so far as my
reading extends, an offer made by one of the inde-
pendent nations of the earth to merge her sovereign-
ty in that of another. It is a contingency wholly
new. The action upon it must be new. Our action
in this case will become a precedent.
That we have the right, in some form, to extend
our territory by accepting such a proposition, no
sensible man, I think, can very seriously doubt
A sovereign power without the power of receiving
an accession of domain would be an anomaly m ju-
risprudence, if not a contradiction in terms. To de-
ny to a nation such a power of increase, is a sort of
Shaker doctrine in politics, which we may expect to
see received in theory, and acted out in practice,
in this world, when the doctrines of Mother Ann
Lee are professed and practised by mankind—not
till then.
Our decision as to the most appropriate form, in
which to set so great a precedent, ought, in my
judgment, to be chiefly determined by the consid-
eration, that it is desirable it should receive the most
complete national assent that can be given to it,
under our institutions. And surely it is not the best
mode of effecting such an object, to exclude from ail
participation in that assent,'this, the popular and
most numerous branch of the government.
With these brief hints, I leave the constitutiona
point to others, older and of more experience in ifi
gislation than myself, and pass to a review of the sub-
ject, in Us foreign aspect. I purpose to speak of the
justice and expediency of this great measure; in con;
nection with the public sentiment of this country,
and with the laws of the civilized woild.
In all matteis of controversy, however mportant,
tiiere are commonly certain main principles, winch
once established, the whole subject in dispute is
settled. And if we desire to obtain clear views of
things, we do well to fix our eyes steadily on these,
nor sutler our attention to be withdrawn by inciden-
tal propositions, not relevant, or, at least, not es-
sential.
If this be true in the general, the remark applies
with especial force to the subject before us. It
would be difficult to find a matter, where the decisive
points at issue are so few and simple; yet one that
has been so smothered up by a load of extraneous
matter, as this of Texas annexation. The right or
wrong of the case is a question of public justice, of
international law; it bangs not on the tone of a de-
spatch or the wording of an accompanying docu-
ment. The expediency of the measure involves
oons derations national in the widest sense of the
term, co-extensive with the Union, reaching to after
ages; let it not be dwarfed down to a party wrangle,
or a Northern and Southern dispute; a quarrel, that
has no higher aim, than to give office to a man, or
sustaining; aid to a temporary institution.
The public press is loaded down with comments
on the diplomatic encounters of the past year, be-
tween us and Mexico. These paper weapons may
decide our opinion of men; they ought not to influ-
ence our judgment of measures. Let those who find
cause of offence in their language and spirit suffer
s to remind them, that, when they "fled
that point, they are no nearer .... .
fore. We may not like the terms m which a c,aim
is urged; yet, if we are just, we shall still look
the substance of the claim, not to the manner of pie-
It is easy and invidious to find fault, especially
when a transaction is passed and its results have be-
come apparent. Yet I trust 1 shall not give offence,
nor be held failing in respect to the parties concern-
ed, if I express regret, that the question of the nglit
or the wrong of the Texian revolution lias been
suffered to mingle, even incidentally, with the true
issues, in our diplomatic correspondence with
Mexico. The Texians, indeed, have most am-
ple justification of their revolution. The war
which gloriously ended at New Orleans thnty
years ago this very flay, was not more just
than that by which Texas becamc independent. One
half the provocation Texas has received would have
dissevered our Union long ago. There is not a
State of the twenty-six so poor of spirit, that her
citizens would not have risen, as a man, against
such usurpation. But however unquestionable the
right, it is not one, in my judgment, which we were
called upon, or which we should have permitted
oursel.es, to argue with Mexico. "VVitn Texas, not
with us, was the question of past grievances against
Mexican authority open, if open at all. But m
truth it was closed; closed, long since, by that stein
arbiter, the sword.
Nor does it seem to mc, that it was our place, as
negotiators, even to allude to former rights under
by-gone treaties. Do we claim Texas under the
treaty of 1803? Not at all. Signor Rejon so con-
strues it; but that is only one of the men of straw he
sets up, for the convenient pleasure of comfortably
demolishing him again.
As between us and Texas, the argument from
that treaty, in its moral bearing, is a strong one; and
as such I have, on a previous occasion, alluded to
it. Our solemn promise publicly made in 1803 we
violated m 1819; and though we may not take ad-
vantage of our own wrong still to claim Texas
against our formal ccssion, yet neither are we re-
leased from our obligation to receive her, so soon as
circumstances lawfully and honorably permit, and
she herself desires, rc-annexation.
If any thing can strengthen our moral obligation
to repair a great wrong, committed for the sake (>f
acquiring the Floridas, it is the fact, not generally
known, that the Texians, numbering in 1819,
over ten thousand free white inhabitants, formally
protested, just Jour months after the signature of the
Florida treaty, against this abandoning of their per-
sons and tlieir territory to the tender mercies of
Spam.
In Nilcs's Register for 1819, at page 31, is to be
found this protest. It is contained in "a copy of a
declaration issued on the 23d of June (1819) by the
supreme council oftlie republic of Texus," in which,
after stating that the Texians had long indulged the
hope, that they would be included in the limits of
our Union—a hope, they add, which the "claims of
the United States, long and strenuously urged, have
encouraged"—the Council proceeds to say:
"The recent tieat) between Spain amlthe United States
of Ammcu h;i<s dissipated an illusion too long foncUy cher-
ished, and routed the citi/ensof Texas tiom the torpor
into uhieli a fancied security iiad lulled them. They have
seen tlienm'hes, in a con w vi ion to wjuctl thky w l n}. no
rum, iinniu.v aii\nuom'"d ro Tin dominion of the
of Spain, and loft a prey, not only to impositions
already intolerable, but to all those exactions which Span-
ish rapacity is fertile in devising."
This remarkable protest is signed by the Pres-
identand Secretary of the "Supreme Council." If I
am asked here to produce the credentials of these gen-
tlemen, and to sliow under what precise law this
Council was elected and qualified, my reply is, that
in the early efforts after independence put forth by
new and thinly settled countries, little of rigid for-
mality can be expecte,d. The declaration is an
expression of public sentiment, as official, probably,
as the then condition of Texas permitted. And at
all events, the authority of the Texian Council was
quite as regular as that of stout -Ethan Allen and his
handful of volunteers, when the old soldier, more
than a year in advance of the Declaration of Inde-
pendence, thundered at the gates of Ticonderoga,
and bade her surrender "in the name of the great
Jehovah and the Continental Cqpgrees
But all this, I repeat, touches but the bark of the
controversy. Let us penetrate that, and reach its
substance at once.
1 Texas is an independent Republic, occupying a
the true issue than be-
sepamte and equal station among the nations of the
earth, legally possessing her own soil lawfully ad-
ministering her own laws,-or, she is but a revolted
province, Sver which Mexico lias preserved all her
rights; her government but a provisional usurpation,
the title to her territory still in the mother country.
Settle that one point—and, as regards the ques-
tion in its foreign relations, every thing is settled.
It seems strange to me, that we should yel tie re-
quired to argue such a question. And yet we are.
Day after day pour forth from the leading journms
of our opponents protests and denunciations. Wa
who favor annexation are, if their words are to oe
taken for it, but a band of land-robbers, on a mag-
nificent scale; leagued together for the avowed pur-
pose of filching from Mexico, without a color of
right, some two hundred million acres of her lawiuL
territory. History is ransacked for examples of
similar profligate ambition; and, in a recent number
of the National Intelligencer, (of December 24,)
our o-overnment is likened, without scruple, to that
politic warrior and tyrant, Frederick the Great;
who, having "cast an eye of longing upon part ot a
neighboring realm which suited him," bade his Min-
ister prepare a manifesto, making clear the justice or
his title. The Minister obeyed, setting forth the
intended act of rapine as an errand of grace, mercj.
and justice."
"All this*" (adds the Intelligencer) "the Minister dressed
up m a very captivating foxm. nothing could be more i-jgnt-
ful, nothing more nece«<;nry for his own safety irom en-
croaching neighbors, nothing more charitable, notning moru
for the glory ot God and the advancement of religion.
'Stop!'cned Frederick, when his Minister came to that part
of the Manifesto; 'leave out God and religion: I want a
province!'"
Similar accusations find a voice on this floor. A gen-
tleman from Massachusetts, [Mr. Winthrop,] whose
character and standing give weight to the charge and
demand for it a reply, scrupled not, but the other
day. to denounce the proposed act of annexation as
a scheme "monstrous beyond all power of expres-
sion;" as a project, "contrary to the law of nations
and in violation of the good faith of our own coun-
try." My colleague [Mr. C. B. Smith] who has just
spoken, takes the very same ground. He charac-
terized the plan of annexation as an attempt "to rob
Mexico of a partof her territory."
Now, sir, I, for one, when I give my vote,—as I
hope yet this session to give it—for the annexation
of Texas to these United States, am not willing to
give it silently, under such imputations. Let our op-
ponents here prove to us—not assert it merely—
that this projected annexation is but an "act of ra-
pine;" that it is a trampling under foot of justice,
morality, good faith, international law—that we
have no better excuse for it than this, "we want a
province!"—and, if all the dreams of Marco Polo
were realized in Texas; if there, at last, were to be
found Cipango's shores of gold, the treasures of
Antilla—not by my vote should even such a land,
wrongfully wrested from a weaker neighbor, become
part of this, yet undishonored, Union
But in proof of charges so grave, there lacks
something beyond mere idle iteration. There lacks
proof, that Texas is not an independent State. I
maintain, that she is; and if the Committee will give
me brief attention, I purpose to show, somewhat
more at large than on a previous occasion, good
cause for the opinion.
Not lightly should this question be approached;
not heedlessly decided. Let us beware! The fate
of our offspring, the-destmies of our descendants,
may hang upon the decision. We, of the West es-
pecially, are as birds of passage. Our instinct at-
tracts us to regions distant and new. In Oregon, or
elsewhere, the question may arise, as now, what is
just revolution, and what, lawless revolt. In judg-
ing the Texians to-day, we may be deciding, of our
own children, in after years, whether they shall be
held to be freemen meriting honor, or traitors de-
serving death!
Leaving out of view the prime cause of the Tex-
ian revolution—that "violation of the fundamental
laws," which, Vattel declares, gives to a sovereign's
subjects "a legal right to resist him"—passing by
that, we come to the fact, that, nine years ago,
Mexico and Texas engaged in war. Texas
was successful. She conquered, and has since
peaceably possessed, her territory. Has she
now a good title to that territory? Has
she a right to convey it to whom she will? Let
Grotius answer; Grotius writing two centuries ago;
writing under the eye of a king; dedicating his cele-
brated work to a king. Our whig friends cannot Ac-
cuse me of dragging in the radicalism of some mod*
