Jan. 1845.
appendix to the congressional globe.
101
S(8th Cong 2d Sess
Annexation of Texas—Mr. Owen.
H. of Reps.
whither shall the negro go? Are his frtends wise,
in desiring to have the United States hemmed in on
the southwest? in wishing to see a foreign, it might
be a hostile Power, interposed between us and
Mexico? If there be for the liberated African a
£ath of deliverance and a place of refuge beyond;
that path lies through Texas; that place of refige,
where the Suh Suits his blood and the institutions
recognize the equal rights trf his colorj id to be
found in Mexico, in Guatemala arid ihe States
farther South. Shut him out from these—and are
ycu not, by that very act, virtually prolonging his
bondage:*
Slavery is not the true difficulty; Inreplyi^to
the arguments of the abolitionists, we are JJot at the
bottom of the question. We have not penetrated
to the depths of the opposition against annexation.
We have not yet touched the argument, the strongest,
ihfe cleepest-scnted in the minds of its opponents.
Late indications distinctly rfevfeal it to us. In the
columns of the leading Metropolitan Whig jour-
nal—the most moderate and respectcd organ of the
party—in the leader of the National Intelligcncer,
under date the 13th December last, I find the fol-
lowing:
"Deptecating any extension of the territory of tlie Uni-
ted States bej ond its present limits as an evil in itself of
fifieet magnitude; piotestmg agam>t it, under any circum-
stances, lor the sake of th*? into" sts of the St<iU'j> of the
Union, both Old and new, which pre, in dtir opinion, deeply
involved in it; yet if In any form, &c.';
I pray you to note that. I ask you to observe
distinctly how the matter stands. It avails not to
argue, with our opponents, the question of right to
annex. It is idle to substantiate to them, from the
pages of international law or the dictates of com-
mon sense, the legal independence of Texas. These
outworks carried, there is a barrier beyond; tower-
ing far above them; standing untouched, if they
were levelled to the ground. It is not an extension
of our national domain on its southwestern frontier,
it is ANY extension, which our opponents depre-
cate. It is not Texas, as such, they reiect; they
would reject equally a country in any other latitude,
peopled by any other race, bearing any other name.
They protest not against annexation, for that it may
increase and perpetuate slavery; they protest against
it, as in 1803 they protested against the purchase of
Louisiana, "under ANY circumstances."
Is the whig party wrong in this, their great objec-
tion? As whigs, 1 am not prepaied to assert that
they are.
Rome, in the heyday of her power, added pro-
vince to province; and this extension of her tei ri-
tory but seemed to hasten her decline and fall.
The mad ambition of Alexander sufficed to conquer
half a world: yet, within a year after his death,
the overgrown empire purchased by the blood of
miltjens fell to pieces, it seemed, from its own
weight. Are these to be held as beacon lights for
us, in the present juncture? if ours be a govern-
ment like that of Rome under the empire, like that
of the Macedonian conqueror, undoubtedly yes. If
it is fated gradually to approach such a character,
still, undoubtedly yes. Or if, like Mexico, we are
at last to settle down upon Centralism; if the rights
of the States are to be stolen piecemeal, and the
central power here invested with their spoils; if
this city of Washington is to dispense, as did the
mistress of the world from her seven hills, all laws
to govern our land; nay, without proceeding so far,
if all doubtful powers in the constitution are to be
assumed as lawful; if the sphere of federal legisla-
tion is to be gradually increased; if we are to inter-
fere with commerce, favoring under the name of
protection, one section of our country, by taxing
the industry of another, if, closely connected with
our government, there is to be a central money
power, stronger in these days, and therefore more
dangerous to liberty, than a standing army; if the
checks which the wisdom of revolutionary days in-
corporated in our constitution, to arrest the
hot haste of party, in its flush of power,—if
these restricting checks are to be swept away;
in a word, if the progress of our federal policy is
to be from the less to the more of legislation; then
reject Texas, abandon Oregon, add not, by treaty,
one acre more of Indian lands. Nay! af such is to
be our future course, this Union is far too large al-
ready; it ought never to have been permitted to
overpass the Alleghanies.
But will such bo the progress of legislation
among us' Ought it to be? In following out, from
age to age, the story of the ceaseless struggle be-
tween the privileges of the few and the rights of the
many, forth from eyeiy page, blazoned on the ex-
perience of every nation, shines forth the great
truth, that overmuch legislation has been the curse
of mankind; and that law has become (alas! how
few the exceptions !) a weapon of aggression rather _
than an ssgis of defence. As we read, we feel, that
the protection of government has been overpaid for
by its intermeddlings; and that the people might
well, in the woids of the Cynic philosopher, tell the
Alexanders of the world, that the only favor they
aeked of them was—to stand out of their sunshine!
Men are not wise and good enough to dispense
with law. Would that they were! Government,
like medicine, is to us a necessary evil. There is
such a thing as the despotism of anarchy; and a
king is not indispensable to a reign of terror. The
piactical question is, how many of the Sibylline
leaves Of legislation we may safely burn, yet leave
the remainder more valuable than was the entire
code.
From the fate of past delusions we may determine
the trendings of future reform. When a miner
sinks his shaft and strikes a productive vein of ore,
it is his practice first to follow it so icii" as to observe
its leading direction: then, emerging to the surface,
with that observation fo'r his guide, he sinks, at re-
mote distances, other shafts, confident that he will
again arrive at the object of his search. Bo witn
the rich and hidden lodes that stretch away into the
great mine of Progressive Improvement. Guided
by an observation of their past course, we may pre-
dict where an after generation will find them.
But the principle of progress m legislation has
hitherto been from tiie more to the less. If we
compare the statutes and constitutions of Republi-
can America witll the laws of Monarchical Europe,
it may surprise us to discover, liow much of the dif-
ference between them consists—in omissions. And
of the after-thought of revolutionary law-givers—of
the thirteen articles that form the amendments to the
federal constitution—nine, at least, are of a negative
or restrictive character; circumscribing, within nar-
rower limits, the province of legislation. So in old-
er countries and in former ages. All the important
provisions of Magna Charta are prohibitory. x\
freeman shall mof lose pi o'perty or life by the mon-
arch's decision; a traveller shall not be prevented
from leaving the kingdom or returning to it at pict-
ure; the king's servants shall not arbitrarily seize
the property of his subjects. Even the minor priv-
ileges secured at Runnemede aie of a similar stamp;
as witness one, characteristic of those times, namely,
that a baron's widow shall not bo compelled to
marry, if she prefer to remain single. So again of
the Habeas Corpus Act, called by Blackstonc "that
second Magna Charta and stable bulwark of liber-
ty," of which the provision is, in substance, that a
man shall not be confined in prison on mere suspi-
cion. All of these were rude efforts to narrow down
the sphere of government. And still, even in later
years, the same principle prevails. Tlu'oughout
Kurope,—but especially in England, that half-liberal
mother of republics—religion and the press have foi-
centuries been struggling against the interference of
law; with partial, but positive success. And com-
merce, if at some distance, has been gradually fol-
lowing their footsteps. All proceed in one direc-
tion; all tend to one goal.
From such facts the inference is, that in our re-
public, as elsewhere, we shall gradually govern less;
that the province of our federal legislation will con-
tract as our territory expands. If it does—and that
it will the past may vouch—safely, yes, most bene-
ficially may this Union and its blessings spread over
the entire continent of North America; each inde-
pendent State secure in its own separate sovereignty,
and but increasing by its accession, the wealth, the
power, and the safety of the Great Confederacy.
1 shall notice yet another objection. It is, that
annexation brings, in its train, the scourge of war;
while by refusing to annex, we obtain, surely and
permanently, the blessings of peace. Let us sift
this matter a little.
Two paths are open before us. The one, to de-
clare, as most righteously we may, the legal inde-
pendence of Texas; to act boldly on that declara-
tion; to accept, what not a government in Europe, if
similarly situated, would dream of refusing, the
proposition twice already made to us, that we
should receive again Texas within our borders; and
then—as all men and all nations must, be their con-
duct ever so scrupulous—to abide the consequences.
The other—ah, that, we shall be told, is the path of
safety and of peace! At its entrance, it may be;
many a path of danger and of death has a fair and
pleasant entrance. Let us look to the end. Say
that we reject Texas, and leave her and Mexico to
settle their'quarrel. Very well. By so doing, we
sooth the insolence of Mexico, and quiet the jeal-
ousy of England. That is satisfactory. England
makes a free-trade treaty with Texas; extending
over that republic (as the phrase now is) her "Pro-
tectorate." Let that pass! Mexico, relieved from
all apprehension of interference from us, proceeds to
carry into effect the inhuman threats she has lately
made against our Texian neighbors. Is that to
pass, too? Before we enter this same path of peace,
let us look a little in advance, and settle, which is
our way out. Mexico has formally, publicly, offi-
cially warned the Texians to evacuate their country;
and declares, that, if they refuse, every one who
shall bo guilty of the crime of being found anywhere
in Texas three miles from her western frontier, shall
be put to death. Is that, in this nineteenth century
inciedible? It is true. Witness the "Orders of
General Woll," as officially communicated to this
House by our Secretary of State, carrying out the
provisions of Santa Anna's decree of June 17; a
decree, which forbids all quarter to the Texians, un-
der penalty, to the officers non-complying, of the
loss of their commissions. Here is the blswk rec-
ord:
"orders op general woll.
"Headquarters of the Army or the North,
Mier, June 20, 1844.
"I, Adrian 1Vell, General of Brigade, kc., make known:—
"1. The armistice agreed on with the department of Texa*
having expired, and the war bemff, inconsequence, recom-
menced against the inhabitants of the department, all com-
munication with it ceases.
"2. Every individual of whatever condition, who may
contiavene the provisions of the preceding article, shall be
regarded as ;i traitor, and shall receive the punishment pre-
scribed in article 45, title 10, treatise 8, of the articles of
war.
"3. Every individual who maybe found-at a distance of
one league from the left bank of the Rio Bravo, will b*
reminded as a favorer and accomplice of the usurpers of that
pait of the national territory, and a% a traitor of his country;
and, alter a summary military trial, shall receive the above
ii j.nishnient.
"4. Every individual who may be comprehended within
the provisions of the pieceding aiticle, and majr be rash
enough to fly at the sight of any force belonging to the
Supreme Government, ?hatt be pursued, until taken or put
to death.''
The orders are plain as language can make them.
The crime is being found in Texas. Every individual
from the fact of his being so found, is to be held and
deemed to be a "traitor of his country;" and, as such,
monstrous as it may seem ! all—for there is no dis-
tinction, no exception made or hinted at—EVERY
human being there found, is, after summary mil-
itary trial, to suffer a traitor's death!
In comfortably pursuing our path of peace and of
safety, these "Orders" meet our eye. Are we to pass
them by? To notice them might breed a quarrel.
Have we a right to notice them? I suppose the next
question will be, whether we have a right to fire on
the pirate's flag, or to thwart his good pleasure,
when he bids his victims walk the plank,and con-
signs them to a watery grave. But, if needs be, we
may find proof, that the law of nations does, in some
cases—and this is one—permit us to follow the dic-
tates of mercy and justice.
In every civil war, as has been already shown
from Vattcl, international law requires both parties
to '-observe the common laws of war, the maxims
of humanity, moderation and honor." What are
these laws? Let Vattel inform us.
"On an enemy's submitting and laying down his arms,
we cannot with justice take away his file. Thus, in a bat-
tle, qnavter is given to those who lay down their arms; and,
m a sicu'e a garrison offering to capitulate are never to be
refused their live* —Vattel, Bonk iii., chap. 8.
"Women, children, feeble old men, and sick persons,
some under I ho description of enemies; and we have certain
I'^htsover them, inasmuch as they belongtothe nation
with which we are at war. But they are, enemies, who
make no lesistance; and consequently we have no right to
maltreat their persons, much less to take awa^ thejr lives.
This is so plain a maxim of justice and humanity, that, at
present, every nation m the least degree civilized acquiesces
mit"—Ihid. ± . , _ .
'it was a dreadful error of antiquity, a most unjust and
paramo claim, to assume a right of putting prisoners of war
ko death, even bv the hand of the executioner. More just
and humane principles have, long since, been adopted.' —
Bit.
But Mexico, we may be told, only threatens this
flagrant violation of the law of nations. The threat
is itself illegal. What we may not do, neither are
we permitted to threaten. Says Yattel:
"Whatever advantage you may promise youis-elf from an
Elawful proceeding, that will not warrant you m the use
it The menace of an unjust punishment is unjust in
elf; it is an insult and an injury."— Botk iii., chap. 8.
But the threat is idle, it has been said; merely
