Jan. 1845.
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
103
28th Cong 2d Sess.
Annexation of Texas—Mr. Dea/L
H. ©f Reps,
limits of the Union. Such a construction therefore
as is contended for by the adversaries of this meas-
ure is not only unwarranted, but at war with the
plain import and meaning of the language used in
the constitution. And yet this exception must be
added to the consHtutionf if the construction contend-
ed for by the gentlemen opposed to this measure
shall prevail. In giving- to the constitution its true
construction, we must be as careful not to improper-
ly restrict its powers as we should be not to im-
properly enlarge them. It appears to me, sir, that
there is no room for the most subtle logician to cavil
on the construction of so plain a proposition. For
my part, I have no doubt but that the constitution
confers upon us full and ample power to admit ncv:
States into this Union from territory lying either
within or without its limits; but it is contended by
many that, if the constitution confers the power on
Congress to admit new States into the Union formed
of territory lying without the limits or jurisdiction
of our country, it does not necessarily give to Con-
gress the power to acquire the territory out of which
such new States may be formed; and that no such
power giving Congress authority to acquire territo-
ry can be found in the provisions of the constitution.
This, I think, is making a distinction with-
out a difference; for, by the act of admission,
Congress acquires all the rights of sovereignty
over the new State that she now possesses over any
of the States already in the Union; and as to the
title to the soil, Congress can make such conditions
and restrictions as it may think poper to agree upon
at the time of admission. This has always been
done, and the power never doubted, on the admis-
sion of new States into this Onion. But there is an-
other power granted by the constitution, which has
a direct application to the subject now before the
committee. The last clause of the 8th section of the
1st article of the constitution, declares that Con-
gress shall have power "to make all laws that shall be
necessary and proper for carrying into execution the
foregoing powers, and all other powers vested by this
constitution in the government of the United States,
or in any department or officer thereof.11 Now, if
the power to acquire territory be necessary and proper
to be exercised by Congress, in order to carry into
c/lect the power specially conferred—that is to ad-
mit new States into the Union—then Congress has
the constitutional power to acquire territory by com-
pact.
There are but three modes of acquiring foreign
territory, and tlicy are by conqucst, by discoveiy,
and by treaty. The exercise of the two first pow-
ers are confened alone on Congress, and can be sanc-
tioned by no other power known to the constitution;
hence Congress may acquire territory by either of
these modes, out of which new States may be form-
ed and admitteel into this Union. Congress may
also make a compact, as I have before shown, with
a State, at the time of its admission into the Union,
by which she may acquire the right which she
would possess provided the territory out of which
such State was formed had been acquired previous-
ly to such admission. It is, however, contended by
some, that this power to acquire new territory is, by
the constitution, confenedsoleiy on the treaty-making
power. To show the fallacy of this argument, it is
only necessary to fctate that the treaty-making power
has no right to make conquests, or order discover-
ies to he mar,'p.. ft must, I think, be admitted by all,
that these powers alone belong to Congress. But
I admit that territory may be acquired by the treaty-
making power; yet it does not necessarily follow
that Congress has no right to acquire territory by
compact. By the second section of the second arti-
cle ot the constitution, it is simply declared that the
"President shall have power, by and with the ad-
vice and consent of the Senate, to make treaties,
provided two-thirds of the senators present concur."
Here, then, there is no power specially conferred by
the constitution on the treaty-making power to ac-
quire territory; but, because territories may be
properly the subject of a treaty, it is therefore in-
cidental to, and necessarily inferred from, the spe-
cial power granted. And yet, however plain this
proposition may seem to us at thu day, the history
of our country shows that Thomas Jefferson, one
of the most profound statesmen that ever adorned
our country, and one of the ablest expounders of
the constitution, was led to doubt the constitutional
power of the President and Senate to acquire new
territory, because the power to do the specific act
was not granted in the constitution. The first ex-
ercise of this treaty-making power was in the pur-
chase of the territory of Louisiana, by which we
acquired that tract of country west of the Missis-
sippi, stretching from the Gulf of Mexico to the
49th degres of north latitude, and extending west,
embracing this very territory of Texas, which we
are now endeavoring to reannex to our country.
The exercise of this power to acquire territory by
treaty was at that time bitterly opposed by the whole
federal party. They not only denounced it as un-
constitutional, but they boldly avowed it as a just
cause to dissolve the Union; and, as the old maxim,
"once a federalist always a federalist," will be found
true, we must expect their opposition to this meas-
ure.
But, notwithstanding the opposition of the fed-
eral party on that occasion, and their predictions of
such fearful consequences to our country, if the
treaty-making power should be exercised by pur-
chasing a foreign territory and annexing it to our
country, the democratic party, alike regardless
of their opposition and their threats, proceeded to
exercise the power by purchasing that territory and
annexing it to the Union; and the judgment of an
enlightened and impartial country hag been pro-
nounced in favor of both the constitutionality arid
the wisdom of the measure; and I have no hesita-
tion in believing that if we go on and annex Texas
to this Union the judgment of this nation, when it
comes to be pronounced upon this subject, will ap-
prove of both the constitutionality and the wisdom
of this measure.
The learned gentleman from Indiana, [Mr. Sam-
ple,] who had just taken his seat, has gone back
and read the opinions of those who framed the con-
stitution, to show that the correct construction of
that instrument required that the new States should
be formed out of territory already within the bounds
of the Union; but there is nothing to warrant this
construction. There was nothing to limit the con-
stitutional power of Congress over the admission of
new States into this Union. The gentleman had
said that we were a peaceful government; that we
had no desire to acquire territory, and that our
safety consisted in restricting ourselves to territory
now within the bounds of this Union. Why, had
the gentleman forgotten the whole history of our
country? Did he not know that, from the land-
ing of the pilgrims at Plymouth, our march
in acquiring territory had been onward? that
in unfurling the banner of liberty, and m-
cribmg upon its broad folds those principles of uni-
versal liberty and equality, elevated and sustained by
an enlightened philanthropy, tlicy had created a power
more potent than that of armies, and before which the
nations of this continent have, and will continue to
give way, until they shall be united under the same
banner, and bound together by the same bond,
created by the genius of our free institutions? No
nation bordering upon us can withstand the influ-
ence of this principle of enlightened liberty; for no
sooner do they come within its influence, than their
old habits, manners, customs, laws, and forms of
government give way, and there is no safety for
them but to amalgamate with us, or flee beyond its
power. Under these principles—though I regret to
say, sometimes backed by the sword—we have been
a trespassing, progressive, though a peaceful peo-
ple; assuming territories bordering upon its, and, as
as far as we have gone, we have driven before us
every nation of the aborigines. Where were the
red men of the forest, who once hunted their game
upon the mountains of Vermont and New Hamp-
shire' upon the plains of Massachusetts and Rhode
Island' and upon the territories now occupied by
the other Statts? They have been driven out tribe
by tiibe, progressing as our march had been onward,
until we had (peacefully, according to the gentle-
man's notions) driven all the native races beyond the
eastern shores of the Mississippi. And I think that
our same peaceful march will be onward until we
rcach the shores of the Pacific.
If the gentleman thinks it bad policy to extend
the "area of freedom" by annexingTexas, what will
be his position when the question of Oregon of
annexing that immense country by extending the
area of freedom to the shores of the Pacific shall be
brought before us? Will he adhere to his same sel-
fish views, and oppose the anrisxation of that fine
country because it will enlarge the area of freedom
and perhaps disturb our peaceful relations with a
foreign power which is now holding it against right
and m violation of every peaceful rule? The Brit-
ish claim upon that territory, like the claim of
Mexico upon Texas, is without the shadow ofa
right. Oregon is ours; we have acquired it by dis-
covery; ana if m attempt shall be made to deprive
us of it, We will possess by law, peaceably if w©
can, butforcibly if we must, we will find means, too,
by which we may acquire it without the aid of that
party which has ever been opposed to extending
the area of freedom, and has ever been arrayed
against the interests of this country whenever a
great national question has come up for our deter-
mination. If we ever annex Oregon it will hare
to be done by those who are now endeavoring to
annex Texas. It will be by the democratic party.
Her standard bearer must take the front, and no
foreign encmios or domestic foes shall prevent us
from planting it on the shores of the Pacific. We
must expect to see the whole cohorts of federalism,
under the name of whigs, rallying in opposition to
that measure, as they are now found in opposition to
this one.
They will no doubt make other pretension® under
the false profession of patriotism, by which ihey
will oppose that measure as they now do tfoi* 
Their fertile inventions will get up some plausible
pretence, by which they will attempt to baffle and
defeat the will and wishes of the nation on that sub-
ject. They have done it thus far in every step that
we hare taken to extend our laws over that territo-
ry; and we may expect, whenever that question
shall come up, that they will meet us with their
united opposition at the threshold. This we must
be prepared for, and I have no fear, on that question,
that there will be the shrinking back or faltering of
a single democrat. There will be no constitutional
difficulties in the way, no doubts as to the expedi-
ency of the measure; but the democrats will all
unite in extending our laws over that territory, and
annexing her to this Union.
I wish that we could unite with equal unanimity
on the question now before the committee. For my
part, I can see no constitutional difficulties in ad-
mitting Texas either as a State or Territory; bat I am
frank to admit that I am opposed to the policy of
admitting her as a State, unless Iowa shall be
brought m side by side, in order to keep the politi-
cal power equally balanced, as it now is, in the other
branch of the legislature. There are various other
reasons why I would not admit her at- this
time as a State, but I think this alone sufficient.
But I can see no possible objection to admitting
her as a Territory; and among ail the plans yet Pre-
sented, the one reported by the Committee on For-
eign Affairs, which admits Texas as a Territory,
meets my decided preference. I shall give it my
cordial support. Texas has agreed to this measure;
and in meeting her upon it, we have the assurance
that she will abide by it; but if we go to making
new projects, with new conditions, I doubt much
whether she will accede to them. At all events, I
look upon this as the best plan yet presented; and I
admonish the friends of this measure not to catch at
every new-fangled scheme that may be presented;
for if they do, they will find that it will serve to dis-
tract and divide, rather than unite, and will, in the
end, entirely defeat the measure.
There is something novel in the argument of the
gentleman from Indiana, who observed, in his re-
marks, that the power to acquire territory was the
main power, and that the power to admit States into
this Union was an incidental power, as conferred by
the constitution. The constitution had, in the broad-
est and clearest language, conferred upon Congress
the power to admit new States into this Union. Now
if there could be a construction given to the constitu-
tion, if there could be a position assumed which was
necessary to exercise incidental powers in order to
carry out the powers conferred by the constitution,
it was in this very instance; for unless the incidsn-
tal power was exercised, it is not possible to admit
new States into the Union, unless from territory
aheady acquired.
Here, v/licit the constitution has conferred the
power in express language, and when it cannot
be exercised without the aid of the incidental power,
the adversaries of this measure pretend that they
cannot feel themselves justified in giving the power
that construction; hut they have no difficulty in
finding a constitutional power by implication, when-
ever it becomes necessary to carry any of their
measures into execution. They have no difficulty
in finding constitutional power by implication, to
create a United States bank, although there is no-
where, within the provisions of the constitution, any
specific power granted by which they can infer the
incidental power to create a United States bank, or
which shall make it necessary and proper to create a
United States bank, in order to exercise that power.
It has been justly observed that, in the history of
