104
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
Jan. 1845.
28th Cong.... 2d Sess.
Annexation of Texas—Mr. Dean.
H. of Reps.
parties , in this country, we should always find
the old federal or whig party (as it is now called)
arrayed against every measure which promised to
advance, the honor, the interest, or the glory of the
nation. Yet it was strange, but it was nevertheless
true, that this party was never found on the side of
ii  country, but was always opposed to every meas-
ure that was dictated by patriotism, or recommend-
ed by sound considerations of national policy. They
never forgot the old prejudices to which they were
wedded, and they clung to their bigoted and illiberal
doctrines with the tenacity that the miser clings to
his gold. Go back to the question of the acquisition
of Louisiana—one of the greatest strokes of national
policy which our history records, and the whole of
the cohorts of federalism—from Georgia to Maine—
would be found to be arrayed against it;
they not only" resisted it by argument, but
they threatened a dissolution of the Union. It
was no longer ago than yesterday that a pamphlet
was laid on my table, coming from that part of the
Union (New England) which the gentleman from
Indiana [Mr. C. B. Smith] lauded so highly, which
held the same doctrines and reiterated the same
threats in case of the annexation of Texas. 1 fully
concur with the gentleman in everything he has
said of the revolutionary patriots of Massachusetts;
, but when I come to look at her degenerate sons, I
cannot but regret that, in so many of them, the
spirit of the revolution—the spirit that animated
tneir fathers at Bunker Hill and Lexington—was
wanting. Yes, this pamphlet (put out, I suppose, to
delude the credulous and alarm the weak) breathed
the- fiercest denunciations against those who were
for annexing Texas to the United States, and threat-
ened disunion if that measure was accomplished.
Though every party in the Union now applauded
Mr. Jefferson for the acquisition of Louisiana,
which was denounced in 1803 as much as the acqui-
sition of Texas is now, yet when a measure of the
same character is under consideration, the same fac-
tious opposition, the same party spirit, and the same
treasonable threats were resorted to that m 1803
characterized the conduct of the federal party. But
notwithstanding this opposition, and these threats of
disunion and disorganization, the democratic party
in this House, I feel assured, will stand up in this
case, as they ever have done, for the interest, the
honor, and the glory of our common country. I
know that our adversaries will denounce this meas-
ure, as they did the acquisition of Louisiana. I
know, too, that they will denounce the taking pos-
session of Oregon, though no one was so hardy as
to say that the country was not ours; but they will
find their opposition in vain, for Oregon is, and
must be, a part of our Union, and I hope Texas
will be also. All this federal opposition we must
expect; and I hope that every democrat on this floor
will be ready to meet it with that rebuke which it
deserves.
From the view which I have been able to take of
this subject, I can see no constitutional objection to
the admission of Texas into this Union; and if it
be as free from all others as from this, I think there
will be no difficulty in consummating this measure.
I will, therefore, as next in order, examine into the
ability of Texas, and see if she is capable and com-
petent to form the connection proposed; and if so
whether she is willing to enter into it at this time!
On this branch of the subject I have observed that
there is a great diversity of opinion. I know that
there are some gentlemen who contend that we
must have the consent of Mexico before we can
annex Texas to the United States, without giving
just cause of complaint, if not of war, on the part
of Mexico against us, and making us obnoxious to
the charge of violating the laws of„nations, as now
understood and acknowledged by the enlightened
nations of the earth. If this were so, it would well
become us to pause before we lake a step that may
involve us in such fearful responsibilities, and sub-
ject us to the charge of acting in bad faith towards
a neighboring nation with whom we are on terms
of friendship; hut I apprehend that no such objec-
tions can at this time be successfully taken against
our right to acquire Texas with her consent. I am
aware that those objections were made last spring
by a distinguished northern statesman, [Mr. Van
Buren,] and by other gentlemen whose opinions
are entitled to great weight; but I must say that I
did then, as I do now, differ entirely with them on
this subject; and, if evidence of public opinion
S^^fford any criterion by which we may be gov-
etn™> we have it' disclosed, in the stiongest terms,
against the opinions entertained by those gentlemen,
in the result of the last presidential election. In
that contest, we all know that this subject was put
in issue, and made one of the great points on which
the democracy rallied, and against which was com-
bined the united force of the whole whig party. It
was then known that Texas was willing and anx-
ious to annex herself to this Union; and the great
and almost only objection raised against her admis-
sion was the want of power on her part to form the
connection. I have no doubt but that the defeat of
Mr. Van Buren for the nomination of President by
the Baltimore convention was owing entirely
to the views he entertained on this subject; and
I think it equally clear that Mr. Polk owes his
nomination and subsequent election in a great
measure to his well known and expressed opinions
in favor of the right of Texas to dispose of herself
as she might think proper. We are not, therefore,
at a loss, or left in the dark, as to the opinion form-
ed by this nation on this question; and although I
admit that public opinion, when hastily formed, can-
not always be relied on with safety, yet when the
intelligent people of this country have had time and
opportunity, as in this case, to give to any subject a
fair and full investigation, their opinions are certainly
entitled to great weight. And in all matters of great
national policy, where public opinion has indicated the
course which a representative should pursue. It would
at least be safe to yield obedience to that opinion;
and more especially in a case like this, where it has
correctly settled both the power and the policy we
are bound, by the h ghest obligations to our consti-
tuents, to see that there will is fully and fairly car-
ried out. But let us for a moment look at Texas as
she is. We find her invested with all the attributes
of sovereignty, making treaties and forming com-
mercial relations with most of the powerful nations
of the earth, and doing aH other acts and things
which a sovereign and independent nation can do.
She has at all times successfully resisted the attacks
of Mexico, and at no time since 1834 has she been
subjected to the power of Mexico. In fact, she
never has been, except by her own consent. In
1824, when she united with the Mexican confed-
eracy in asserting their independence against Spain,
and in adopting a form of government and consti-
tution by which they should be governed, she was
willing to abide by that compact, and be governed
by its rules; but when that constitution wus oier-
thrown, and an ecclesiastical and military despotism
erected upon its ruins, with the tyrant Santa Anna
at its head, she was, by the law of nations and the
law of common justice, absolved from all connec-
tions with the Mexican confederacy, and had a
right, without the consent of Mexico, to assume for
herself such form of government as she might think
proper to adopt; and any attempt on the part of
Mexico to reduce her to subjection was a vio-
lation of ber natural rights, and unwarranted by the
laws of nations. There is yet another reason why
Mexico has no rightful claim upon the territory of
Texas; and that is, that Texas had asserted and
established her independence long before Spain,
the original sovereign of that country, had acknowl-
edged the independence of Mexico;'and, consequent-
ly, if any power has a claim upon her it is Spain
and not Mexico. So far, then, as I have been
able to look into the history of this country
the claim set up by Mexico against Texas is
not only unfounded, but unsupported either by
principles of natural justice, or by the laws of na-
tions. Texas has, in fact, been completely inde-
pendent of Mexico since 1836; and has been so re-
garded and treated by the independent nations of
the world.
The victory achieved by the gallant Texians in
the great battle of San Jacinto—by which the Mexi-
can power was overthrown in Texas, their armies
routed and captured, together with their military
chieftain—-has, I think, forever settled this question
m favor of Texian independence. Since that period
Mexico has never attempted to conquer Texas ex-
cept by manifestoes, and forays of small plundering
parties, exhibiting alike her imbecility and savage
barbarity, and total inability to carry on the war in
anymanner recognised by the laws of nations.
lexas at this time is more firmly estab-
lished in her independence, and more stable in her
form of government than Mexico. She has estab-
hshedla well-organised form of government, regu-
lated by a constitution and laws, which show her
possessed of moral powers, and governed by an en-
ghtened policy, well calculated to give efficiency to
her actions and permanency to her political insti-
tutions. Whilst Mexican, without a well-settled form
of government, torn by dissensions and convulsed
by rebellions, is yet in a slate of semi-barbarism,
with hardly public virtue orpublic power enough to
hold her together as a government, or to make her
respected as a nation. Mexico is infinitely inferi-
or to Texas in every requisite which constitutes an
independent nation; and I will ventuie to predict, if
Texas shall not be annexed to this Union, and
Mexico shall persist in carrying on hi r barbarous
and predatory warfare upon Texas, it v. ill be but
a short time before the banners of the lone star
of Texas will wave proudly and triumphantly o\ti-
the capital of Mexico. But I think it unnecessary
to pursue this subject any further. 1 believe that
there are but few now who would be willing to .say
that the consent of Mexico is a necessary prelim-
inary, since the power of the Mexican usurper—
through whose treachery and all-grasping ambition
this pilfering and murderous war has been carried
on has been overthrown, his army disbanded, and
himself banished from the country. There is then,
I think, no doubt as to the power of Texas to an-
nex herself to this Union; and I think there is as
little doubt but that she is willing to form the con-
nection. We know that a vote of her citizens has
once been taken on this subject and decided by a
large mojority in favor of annexing themselves to
this Union; and since that time, propositions from
her government have been frequently made to the
same effect. We know, too, that a treaty has re-
cently been entered into by her properly constitu-
ted authorities, which required only the sanction of
our Senate to consummate the annexation, and we
have not since heard of any change or alteration of
her opinion upon this subject. From all these facts
there can be little or no doubt but that she is still
ready and willing to form the connection. If my
view of this subject be right, we have the constitu-
tional power to annex Texas either as a State or
Territory; and Texas has not only the ability of
disposing of herself by forming an alliance with us,
but is ready and willing to do so. The only re-
maining question then to be disposed of is that of
the expediency of this measure; and tins I appre-
hend is too obvious to require much of an argument
to satisfy all of its propriety.
On this branch of the question, I was not a little
surprised to hear the honorable chairman of the
Committee on Foreign Affairs characterize this
measure as a local sectional question, calculated in
its operations peculiarly to benefit the South. It it
were so, I can assure that honorable gentleman as
well as the other friends of this measure, that it
should never receive my support. But 1 dissent
entirely from him in his views upon this subject.
I look upon it as a great national question, benefiting
alike the North and the West, as well as the South;
but even if it should, incidentally, confer greater ad-
vantages on the South than on other sections of the
Union, it by no means follows that it is local or sec-
tional in its character. All great measures of na-
tional policy will in the nature of things, in this wide
spread country, with her diversity of climate, of soii,
and of pursuits, be more or less local m its opera-
tion, and more beneficial to one portion of the Union
than another; and because it is so, is no reason for
making it a sectional or local question. The hon-
orable gentleman, insuppoitof his argument to
show that questions local in their character should
be submitted to the determination of those whose
interests are affected by them, referred to the treaty
made in 1842, by which a valuable portion of our
territory was ceded to a foreign power, by and with
the consent of those interested in the transaction, and
that the other portions of the Union did not inter-
fere, because they thought it local in its character.
Without, however, at all likening the question
now before the committee to the one refened to I
am free to say, if this question is as obuoxious to
censure as that was, I hope and trust that it will
never receive the, sanction of this committee. Such
a transaction as that should never be cited as author-
ity to support, but to condemn any measure that
may have its impress or its likeness upon it. It is
no great compliment to those who stood silently by
and witnessed, without resistance, that disgraceful
surrender of our country's rights. What Induced
this government to give the Yankees $300,000 for
nno ®.s(an"y privilege of relinquishing about 5,000,-
000 of acres of our acknowledged territory to the
British government I cannot say; but I know that
the transaction was viewed with the deepest inditrna-
tion by the American people, and that the, disgrace
and infamy of it would never beforgotten!
I know that the enemies of this measure evre anx-
