Jan. 1845.
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
105
28th Cong 2d Sess.
Annexation of Texas-
-Mr. Dean.
H. of Reps.
ious to stigmatise it as a local, southern, and slavery
question; and if it be so—if these principles are
paramount in this question—they will, in my opin-
ion, give it its death-blow. I regret exceedingly the
course taken by a distinguished gentleman at the
other end of the avenue, (Mr. Calhoun,) in regard
to this question, and the tendency of that couise to
weaken and injure the cause in which he has dis-
played so much zejl; for if he succeed in establish-
ing the fact of its local and sectional character, he
will have made out a case, above all others, best cal-
culated to defeat this measure. But I shall not be
led to oppose a measure, right m itself because its
friends have attempted to sustain it by injudicious
arguments. 1 shall exercise my own judgment
upon the subject, and give my support that direction
which I may think its merits deserve.
In looking over the map of this country, I see that
it stretches from latitude 26, on the Gulf of Mexico,
to the 42d degree of north latitude, and extending
east and west on an average of about five hundred
miles—embracing all the varieties of climate and soil,
from the sunny and fertile regions of the South,
where cotton, rice, tobacco, and sugar are raised in
greater abundance, and with less labor, than in any
section of our Union, to the higher country of the
North, where the soil and climate are adapted to the
raising of grains and all other necessaries of life—
uniting the productions of the tropical and tem-
perate climates more perfectly than any section of
our country, and which, I think, makes it of inesti-
mable value to this Union. This country possesses
all the means of internal wealth to as great an ex-
tent as any other on this continent. She has large
and navigable rivers intersecting and fertilising eve-
ry part of the country. Her immense public do-
mam in many parts is covered by extensive forests
of live-eak, (the most valuable timber in the woild,)
and her bays and harbors are said to be the best in
the Gulf of Mexico.
This fine country was onec ours. It was acquired
by Mr. Jefferson in the purchase of Louisiana in
1803, and was, by the treaty of 1819, ceded by us
to Spain; and since that period, every succeeding
administration in this country has made ineffectual
efforts, both with Spain and Mexico, (which have
each in their turn laid claim to Texas,) for a retro-
cession to this country of Texajs. MiHions have
been offered by this government, both to Spain and
Mexico, for the purpose of procuring their title to
Texas; and I know of no one subject in this coun-
try in which the great body of the people have been
so unanimous as they have been in the desne to ac-
quire this territory. If either Spain or Mexico
had ceded this country to us when they had the
right to do so, there would have been no objection or
complaint heard from any quarter. But now, since
Texas has obtained her independence, and possesses
fully the power to make tfl% cession, which has herc-
tofoie been sought for so earnestly by our govern-
ment, a large party in this country, for the first time,
raise the objection, and are unwilling to receive at the
hand of Texas—that country which they have so
earnestly sought to obtain when held by other pow-
ers. By the treaty of 1803 Texas became ours;
and, once being ours, I deny that the treaty-making
power had any right to transfer it to any other gov-
ernment. That power, if it exists at all, belongs to
Congress, and not to the treaty-making power. The
Texians, therefore, having once been citizens of this
Union, it gi\es them a strong claim, if not a legal
right, to be again admitted to their lost political
rights by annexing themselves to this Union.
How is it possible that gentlemen can consider
the annexation of such a country as this to ours as
sectional in its character, is more than I can con-
ceive. The greatest portion of this fine country is
peculiarly adapted to the raising of cotton, rice,
tobacco, and sugar; and while these articles shall be,
as they now are, the staple commodities of the
world, and sought after at high rates, it will not
only make the planting busine.-s lucrative to all who
may embark in it, but it will open a market for the
surplus productions of the free States; thus combin-
ing and making the interest to be derived from it
general and alike beneficial to every portion of the
Union.
The planter will pursue that business alone, be-
cause it will be for his interest; and he will procure
the necessaries and conveniences of life from other
sources. The inviting climate and soilofTexa"
hold out such inducements to the enterprising, that
it cannot fail of soon being a populous and thickly-
settled country; and pursuing, as most of her citi-
zens will, the planting interests, it -will open to the
eastern manufacturer, and to the northern and west-
ern agriculturists, one of the finest markets m the
world for their surplus productions. From the
geographical position of this country its southern
ection must forever be devoted to the planting in-
terest, and those bogs and swamps so dismally
depicted by the honorable gentleman from Penn-
sylvania, [Mr. J. R. Ingersull,] will, by the
the art of culus'atiori, become the richcst and most
fertile lands on this continent, and will be more
sought after than any other by the shrewd planter,
as yielding the richest rewards for his labor. And
whilst those staple articles, the products of this
country, shall be sought after in all parts of the
world as they now aie, this country, if added
to ours, will furnish an extensive home market
for all the surplus products of the free States, and
will, in my humble opinion, in process of time be-
come more valuable to the commercial interests of
the free States than any other section of the world.
Looking at this country, then, m this light, and
viewing it with the sordid eye of avarice, we find
that it holds out strong and beneficial inducements
to all the industrial pursuits of this eo.mtry. Our
commercc will be enlarged, and our levenues in-
creased; our manufactures will be furnished a home
market for their merchandise; our agriculturist will
find a market for the surplus productions of his soil,
and the enterprising settler will find a vast domain
of the richest soil offered on the most reasonable
terms. The acquisition of Texas will bring count-
less millions to this country, which must inevitably
be lost to our citizens it' we neglect the golden op-
oprortunity now offered of annexing her to the
union.
But, sir, aside from those considerations, I feel
that a higher and nobler piinciple is involved in this
question than the paltry consideration of dollars and
cents. It is the principal of philanthropy. The
principle that brings up our fellow-men upon a level
with ourselves. Confers upon him the rights of
freemen, and invests him with all the attributes of
sovereignty conferred by the free institutions of this
country. I will inform those gentlemen who talk
so loudy in favor of republican institutions, and so
sneeringly of the idea of enlarging the "area of free-
dom," that my notions of philanthrophy are not
bound by their narrow views. One of the strongest
inducements with me to annex Texas is, that we
may extend the blessings of civil, and political, and
religious liberty which we enjoy. And let me tell
gentlemen on the other side, that the march of free
principles will keep pacc with the march of mind—
that their couise is onward, and cannot be arrested
until every nation on this continent shall be made
to partake of the benefits and blessings of a republi-
can form of government.
I am anxious to go on and add State to State; and
it requires no great stretch of the imagination to an-
ticipate not only the annexation of Texas and Ore-
gon, but of every nation on this continent, from the
polar regions of the north to its extreme southern
limits. The light of liberty and the power of free-
dom must be felt by all the nations on this conti-
nent; and they will yet rise in their majesty and
shake off the shackles which have bound them, and
assume the rank which it was intended they should
occupy by nature, and by nature's God.
There are other minor questions which I should
be glad to discuss if I had time to do so, but I can
barely give them a passing notice. The debt of
Texas, which by the terms of the treaty we are bound
to assume, amounts to about ten millions of dollars.
This is the extent of our responsibility: and it is esti-
mated by those who ought to know that the actual
debt will fall greatly short of this sum. But it is
claimed by the opponents of this measure that the
debt of Texas is double that amount, and as we
have received all their public property, we are m
honor and moral honesty bound to pay them, let the
amount be what it may. Well, admitting it is so,
we shall, I tlunk, still be the gainer by the bargain.
For we shall receive of her rising of one hinpdred
and thirty-six millions of acres of land, and
some of it of the best quality; beesides, her forts,
her navy, and all other property belonging to the gov-
ernment; which, at any fair valuation, would be
worth far more than the amount of the Texas debt as
claimed by the adversaries of this measure. But
this is not all, the revenue to be derived from her
commerce will, m a few years, add more to our
treasmy than the whole amount of the debt; and I
have no hesitation in saying that I believe the whole
debt of Texas can be paid off from this source alone
in less than ten years. So far, then, as the question
of debt is concerned, I think that it constitutes no
valid objection to this measure.
There is also the question of slavery involved in
this subject, in which many gentlemen on this floor,
and elsew here, take a deep interest. 1 know that
the opposition on this point is severe and bitter among
a large class of our citizens, and especially among the
whigs andabolitionists; but! thinkthatitisaffilsephi-
lanthropy that leads them on this point to oppose this
measure; and as I feel no disposition to dodge this
question, or avoid any responsibility "which may be
attached to it, I am disposed to meet it fairly, and to
give my views upon it, so far as my limited time
will permit. I have always looked upon the insti-
tution of slavery as morally wrong, and should be
glad to see it abolished throughout ilie world. I
am no convert to the late school uf political phi-
losophy which teaches that slavery is a domestic
blessing and a public good! But still I would not
be willing to abandon a great public measure be-
cause this evil is connected with it; and more espe-
cially when I can see in the operation of this meas-
ure the only practicable means by -which slavery
may be restricted, and which may ultimately
abolish it in many of the northern slave States.
Slavery is already established throughout Texas;
and, by admitting her into the Union, it cannot en-
large the boundaries of that institution, but will, as I
believe, restrict it, by drawing off the bla<-k popula-
tion from Kentucky, Virginia, Mary bad, and Del*
aware, where their services are admitted to be of
little value to that country, where they will be of
more value, and where the labor of the black man
cannot be dispensed with; for I believe that it is
now a well ascertained fact that the low, rich cot-
ton and sugar lands of Texas can be cultivated
only by the blacks, and on.sequently their labor is
indispensable to the plant:'!", wni!;>t the farmer of
the northern slave States imds the slave a burden
upon his hands rather than a .source of profit, and
will for this, if for no other reason, seek the first
opportunity of getting rid of such an incumbrance.
I cannot, therefoie, see that slavery is any objection
to our admitting Texas as a territory* it certainly
cannot in any manner contribute to enlarge that in-
stitution in the aggiegate, but it may be the means
of vastly restricting it, not only in the manner be-
fore alluded to, but it will give us the power, when-
ever we admit any portion of her into the Union as
a State, to restrict slavery from such parts as we
may think proper. 1 do not believe that the moial
principle involved in this question is considered half
as important, even by those who make so much
ado aSxmt it, as its political effect. If the admission
of Texas were to give no political power, there
would be no objection to it on the score of slavery.
This, I think, will ultimately be ascertained to con-
stitute the only strong ground of opposition to this
measure. It is the fear that it will give that interest
the political ascendency in the councils of the na-
tion; arid were it to have this effect, it would become
a matter of very grave importance in a pohtical
point of view, and one that might well demand the
opposition of the free States. The political power
of the States, on this subject, is now equally bal-
anced in one branch of the legislature, ai>d ou^ht to
remain so, unless changed by those inowtablc laws
of population which is now rapidly thinning the
black racc m many of the slavehoiding States,
which bids fair to bring about that lesuk, and, if
this measure should be consummated, will inevita-
bly make them free States. There is, therefore, no
possible reason to fear that the sla\e m'erest will
ever permanently gain a numerical ascendency in
either branch of Congress or 111 the Union;
for, if Texas .should' be admitted, the vast
territories belonging to us north of the Missouri
compromise line, and far more extenshe than Texas,
will beyond all doubt be settled as rapidly, and
be prepared to be admitted as new States into this
Union as soon as Texas. Oregon, too, i ? ours; and
lying as it does north of the Missouri compromise
line, must, when admitted, come into this Union as
free States. From this view of the case, I can see
no danger to be apprehended from this measure of
giving the southern interest an undue ascendcucy in
any branch or department of the government.
Slavery is now sanctioned throughout the whole
territory of Texas; and we know from the history
of this slave subject that free blacks are not, and
will not, be permitted, to any great extent, to reside
or remain free in slave States. Owing to this fact,
and surrounded as the States which tolerate slavery
now are, with Texas on the one sido, and the free
States on the other, most of which will not receive,
