108
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
Jan. 1845.
28th Cong 2d Sess.
Annexation of Texas—Mr, Tibbatts.
H. of Reps.
The treaty of 1819 had been censured. Mr.
Holtoes saia it was easy to censure; but this sad
treaty received the assent of the whole Senate, and
of the House, not officially expressed, with the dis-
senting voice of but one public man, and" that man
•was Henry Clay. Mr. H. felt bound to mention
the fact, that he might perform an act of justice to
the sagacity of a political opponent. But now the
mipds of gentlemen had suddenly awakened. They
saw the value of Texas; new visions of glory burst
upon their aching sight, and they could safely cenj
sure a treaty which, at the time it was ratified, re-
ceived the almost unanimous approbation of all.
Mr. II. did not blame, he did not think that its fra-
mers were j ustly liable to censure; but he, taking
advantage of the subsequent events, would re-
sort to the doctrine of post Hminium, and would
open his arms to receive back Texas as a long ab-
sent child.
But the constitutional objection was not the real
cause of opposition; and let no southern man trust
to any such idea. There was an under current;
there was a maelstrom which, while it little appear-
ed upon the surface, was absorbing whatever was
dear and vital to the South—which threatened to
engulf our homes, our altars, our families, in one
vast vortex The spirit of anti-slavery brooded
over the waters; a spirit which, in the late presiden-
tial election, had shown itself to be a demon of no
slight proportions, but with thews and sinews to
make parties tremble, and cause strong and brave
men, even in this hall, to bow down and worship.
A body of sixty-five thousand voters may well be
called legion—holding the balance of parties in a
country like this, and was not to be disregarded.
No northern man would run against its buckler
without dread. Who had read the message of the
new governor of New York, without discerning that
even the empire chief shrinks back from opposing
it. Elevated to a height from which he might have
been expected to speak in tones imperial, he dares
not announce "that Texas was the issue in the late
election." It was, indeed, a strange message; that,
amidst a multitude of words, like a multitude of
counsellors, he found wisdom, and, like Polomus,
discovered, in the midst of a most verbose com-
munication, "that brevity was the soul of wit."
Our foreign relations are comprised in ten lines.
Who that knows the capacious mind of that
governor, his acuteness, his talent, and his tact,
does not perceive that he foresees a gathering storm
in relation to the abolition vote on this Texas ques-
tion, which, four years hence, may burst upon
his aspiring head? Ay, and he has communicated
his fears to his followers in these halls—men who
had come up here the avowed friends and advocates
of Texas have blcnched, and are now quailing be-
fore the vote of sixty-five thousand, fearful of lo-
sing it in future contests for seats in this assembly,
or other high places of the republic. And is it for
rebuking this spirit of abolition, for boldly expo-
sing to the gaze of the world, "by the touch of
Ithuriel's spear," the true proportions of this fiend,
that Mr. Calhoun has been so bitterly assailed in
this House, and almost in the entire North? If,
Cassandra-like, the voice of that great statesman be
disregarded, if his prophecies be unheeded, not only
the South, but even the crowned heads of Europe, who
depend for the greatness of their kingdoms upon
commerce and colonial produce, will have cause to
rue the hour. A war of opinion has commenced—
the most bitter of all wars. In England, this opin-
ion is coupled with interest: in this country, it is ex-
cited by fanaticism. It is no time for the South to
pause, to temporize, to compromise. The time for
safe concession has gone by. Opinions are arrayed:
the South must meet the crisis: Texas is the stake.
"Here must we stand and breast us to the shock."
He put it to the southern members here to say
whether this was a sectional question. Was it a
mere sectional question whether the South should
be permitted still to pieserve any thing which
connected her with this Union? Was it a sec-
tional question that she should be preserved from
the dangers which sprang out of abolition? They
had a black population which increased at the
average rate of four per cent, per annum. They
possessed a territory which was limited in its ex-
tent, and which gentlemen were disposed to keep
within the limits that n iw confined it. If the popu-
lation of the United States liad risen within the life-
time of the venerable gentleman near him [Mr.
Adams] from three millions to twenty millions, how
long would it take the black population of the South,
which was now three millions, to experience a sim-
ilar increase? And what, he asked, would be the
condition of the whites, if, with a black population,
thus increasing, they must be pent within their pre-
sent limits, and enjoy no opportunity of emigration?
Had gentlemen duly consideied this? It was con-
tinually said tlmt the industry of the North, in man-
ufacturing, and in farming, and in shipbuilding and
navigation, were all national interests, and must be
protected as snc.h. And were not the interests of
the South national also! Who dared to accuse the
South of want of patriotism, if they contended
that they, too, should have some opportunity to
grow and expand as did their northern brethren?
Must they suffer the construction to prevail which
would confine the guaranties of the constitution to
those limits, and none others, which existed at the
time the constitution was adopted, and which utter-
ly denied to the institution of slavery all power to
expand itself in proportion to the progressive wants
of the South? Did gentlemen expect that the South
would suffer doctrine like this to guide the legisla-
tion of this country? Would southern gentlemen
consent to divide Texas into two States, one slave-
holding and one not'1—slavery to be admitted into
the portion adjacent to the South, while free labor
was confined to the portion which bordered on Mex-
ico ! Would any southerner agree to this? Would
he cut off his own egress, and fetter the energies of
the slaveholding community? If any southern man
assented to such a proposition, he must either be
fool or knase—a fool not to perceive its bearing, and
a knave if, perceiving it, he did not resist it.
Let such a terminus be established on our south-
western border, and what must be their condition5
Upon a soil that must eventually become exhausted;
with accumulating black population, idle because
there were more hands than work: vicious becausc
idle; and, instructed by communication with the
North, stimulated by doctrines leading to revolt and
murder; who, in the scope of his mental vision, and
m the widest stretch of his imagination, could fig-
ure to himself a more awful calamity than would
fall upon the South' But Mr. H. forebore to dwell
upon it. Let the South look to it. He warned
them that, if the area of southern interest and south-
ern growth was to be thus circumscribed, while the
area for northern expansion and enterprise was to
stretch beyond the Rocky mountains, until the
western hunter and the northern emigrant should
lave their weary limbs in the waters of the calm Pa-
cific, the South would be indeed wretched. Smoth-
ered and overwhelmed by a festering population
that was forbidden to migrate—pent in and walled
round on an exhauted soil—in the midst of a people
strong in idleness, waxing, like Israel in the land of
the Pharaohs, stronger and stronger—what relief
could she expect? Sir (said Mr. H.) this is the
very state of things desired by the abolitionists; and
it is to produce this condition of wretchedness that
they urge upon their representatives to reject Texas.
But if the North pursue this course, the South must
pursue its course. If the mountain won't come to
Mahomet, Mahomet must go to the mountain.
But we were threatenened with disunion if we
annexed Texas. Vermont threatened, in case of
annexation, to leave the Union. That gallant State
was at perfect liberty, as Mr. H. believed every
sovereign State was, if she should believe the nation-
al compact to have been violated by annexation, to
take her departure from among her sisters of the
confederacy; a departure to be regretted. Yet never
would Mr. H. forget or cease to reflect with admira-
tion upon her green hills and her beautiful vales;
and if, isolated as she was, Vermont chose to form
in the North another republic—a San Mareno, aloft
from the other States, high on her rocky throne,
unswayed by surrounding nations, uncorrupted by
the passions and tumults of the South—she shall re-
ceive still his heart-felt homage. He would still re-
member Bennington, and still claim kindred with
her Stark. If she would go, he would bid her an
affectionate farewell. And there was Massachusetts
too; she likewise threatened separation. If there
was a State in this Union pre-enunent for intelli-
gence, for enterprise, for arts, for literature, for all
that could embellish life, it was the good old glori-
ous (on this question deluded) Commonwealth of
Massachusetts. If she, too, desired to go, Mr. H.
said he should long regret it; for he had read, his
heart had kindled as he read, of the ancient revolu-
tionary communion between her patriotic sons and
those of South Carolina. _ He could not forget that
the venerable Josiali Gtuincy once made a visit to
Charleston, in 1774, that he might hold correspond-
ence and plan conspiracy with the revolutionary
whigs of South Carolina. It was a visit the relation
of which spoke of times as they once were. Com-
ing from the good city of Boston, he looked with ut-
ter amazement on the magnificence of Chailestonj
he spoke in raptures of an ancient house m that
city; expressed wonder at the luxury which prevail-
ed within; he had never till then seen three courses
at dinner. [A laugh.] Yes, he hdd actually witnessed
the3pectable of three courses at one feast. But
now, how changed would be the feelings of the good
Puritan, could he return to that same spot1 There
he would find the same venerable mansion still
standing, with its Grecian portico and chaste
architecture, and there he might find the same ge-
nial hospitality. But what would be his astonish-
ment if, bursting the cerements of the tomb, he
should revisit the glimpses of a fiinnfer saloon in
Boston—the once unsophisticated Boston? How
many courses would he there find? And if he
walked her streets, he would be guided through
rows of costly buildings far exceeding the South
Carolina mansion. But if, leaving Boston, he en-
tered the town of New Bedford, he would there
find the story of ancient Tyre reversed. The rocks
where once her fishermen dried their nets, are now
covered with Hindostanese magnificence.
Massachusetts knows well whence these glories
are derived. She knows they sprang from her con-
nection with the South. And, having tasted the
wine cup, and experienced the luxuries of these
courses, she will pause long before she again re-
verts to her Saturday feasts and her Spartan broth.
She is not yet tired of the pomps and vanities of
this world. There is no dread of Massachusetts
unsphenng herself, and flying off from this central
orb, which imparts to her whatever of wealth arid
grandeur she possesses. Let her consent to annex
Texas to secure herself the carrying trade of that
increasing people. Let her embrace within her com-
mercial interest those rich return cargoes which go
to supply the wants and desires of the new nation.
Let her weigh and compare everything connected
with this subject, and Yankee wisdom will prevail
over fanatic lolly. Massachusetts will not leave the
Union.
Thus we see that every consideration moves us
to this great acquisition. We must not suffer a ri-
val power to supersede our greatness. The trade
of New Mexico may be lost to us; the trade of the
Californias may be transferred to other hands; and
even that great commerce which is opening with
China may, through the revolution of steam and rail-
roads and Panama canals, be diverted from the At-
lantic, and, crossing the Pacific and the Isthmus,
centre in Texas, and render that now inconsiderable
country the despoiler of the United States, as Por-
tugal was of the Adriatic States. Empires rise and
fall, but their mutation^are consequent upon the
actions of men. Let not prosperity impair our
judgments. Let us not, whilst soaring in our pride
of state, despise the lone republic; but, uniting in-
terest with kindness, receive our long absent breth-
ren, and form, with their affiliation and their aid, a
great family of nations that may defy the world.
SPEECH OF MR. TIBBATTS,
Or KENTUCKY.
Ill the House of Representatives, January 13, 1845—
On the reannexation of Texas to the United
States.
Mr. TIBBATTS being entitled to the floor, rose
and said that he was certainly under great obliga-
tions to the committee for the courtesy and indul-
gence they had extended to him by postponing this
discussion until to-day, though he did not feel that
he should, in the present state of his health, or in
the hour which, under the rules of the House, he
had the right to occupy, either do justice to himself
or the important question under discussion.
Mr. T. said that he had listened attentively to the
argument of the gentleman from Maryland, [Mr. J.
P. Kennedy,] who had addressed the committee on
Saturday last, but had heard nothing fall from him
which he could construe into an argument against
the constitutional power of Congress to admit Texas
into the Union as a State. That gentleman seemed
to content himself with referring the committee to
the case of the "shoulder knots," related in Dean
Swift's admirable and celebrated production, "The
Tale of a Tub." It seemed to him (Mr. T.)
that the gentleman fiom Maryland, and others who
had opposed this measure, had made the same dis-
position of the constitution of the United States,
which, after many difficulties and trials, had been
