Jan. 1845. 
28th Cong 2d Sess.
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
Annexation of Texas—Mr. Tibbatts. 
109
H. of Reps.
finally made by the three brothers, in the "Tale of a
Tub," of the troublesome will of the.r father. As
Swift tells us that—
"Fashions perpetually altering in that age, the scholastic
brother grew weary of searching farther evasions, and
solving everlasting contradictions*, resolved, therefore, at
all hazards, to comply with the modes of the world, they
concerted matters together, and agreed unanimously to lock
up their father's will in a strong box, brought out of Greece
or Italy, (I have forgotten which,) and trouble ih&mstlves no
farther t& examine it} but only to refer to its authority whenever
they thought jit."
It seemed to him that the gentleman from Mary-
land had not thought it worth his while to trouble
himself with the constitution at all so far as regard-
ed the question of the power of Congress to add
new States to the Union; for, so far as he recol-
lected, the only reference which that gentleman had
thought worthy of being made to the constitution at
all, was to those clauses which regulated the quali-
fications of representatives and senators in Congress.
The gentleman from Maryland had objected to the
proposition of the gentleman from Virginia [Mr.
Dromgoole] because, as he contended, the "imme-
diate admission into the Union of Texas as a State,
would bring into Congress senators and representa-
• tives who will not have the constitutional qualifica-
tion of nine and seven years."
Is it true that the constitution provides that "no
person shall be a representative who shall not have
* * * been seven years a citizen of the United
States;" and that "no person shall be a senator who
shall not have * * * been nine years a citizen
of the United States." Now, admitting the posi-
tion of the gentleman and the construction which he
placed upon those clauses to be correct, what (asked
Mr. T.) had that to do with the question now un-
der consideration?—with the constitutional power
or right of Congress to reannex Texas to
this Union either as a State or Territory? It
would only operate as an inconvenience to the
people of Texas, if they were placed m that position—
an inconvenience, however, for which they wouldno
doubt find a thousand remedies from this country, if
Texas should be reannexed to it; but it was no ar-
gument against the constitutional power of Congress
to reannex that country to this. But Mr. T. con-
tended that the constitution ought not to receive
such a construction. If Congress had the constitu-
tional power to add Texas as a new State to this
Union, which was the preliminary and main ques-
tion, we ought not to give such a construction to
any other clause in the constitution as would make
that power nugatory. The constitution is to be
construed in such manner as will give effect to every
power granted, and to every word in the grant of
that power; and where the grant of two powers
would seem to conflict with each other, such a con-
struction should be giver^to each as that both may
stand; and if one power be auxiliary to another, it
must be so construed as to aid in carrying out the
greater power, and not so as to obstruct its opera-
tion If the constitution confers upon Congress the
power to admit Texas as a State, then such con-
struction must be given to the clauses in relation to
the qualifications of senators and representatives, as
will comport with that power, and not deprive that
State of its just representation under the constitu-
tion. If this can be done without destroying the plain
sense of the words, it ought to be done, otherwise
the constitution would bean absurdity. The citizen-
ship referred to is not intended to be confined to the
States which are now in the Union, but applies as
well to the State which may be admitted. Vermont
was admitted into the Union, and no such question
was raised as to her representatives and senators. And
again: the constitution did not require that the citi-
zenship should be immediately preceding the choice or
election of senators and representatives; and there was
no rule of construction by which the gentleman
would be authorized to interpolate such words in
the constitution. The constitution made good sense
as it stood; and the qualifications required by it are
possessed by nine-tenths of the citizens of Texas,
who m other respects possess the qualifications re-
quisite m senators and representatives, and to whom
the causes and reasons for requiring such qualifica-
tions would in no manner apply. These causes are
stated by Judge Story correctly in his familiar ex-
position on the constitution, § 75. He says:
"The period of seven years was selected as one which
would enable naturalized citizens to acquire a reasonable
familiarity with our institutions and with the interests ot
our people^ and which, at the same time, would justify the
latter in reposing confidence m their talents, virtues, and
patriotism."
And m § 108 he says:
"The term of citizenship of a representative is seven
years, that of a senator nine years. The reason for in-
creasing the term in the latter case, is the direct connection
of the Senate with foreign nations, in the appointment oi
ambassadors, and in the formation of treaties. This pro-
longed term may well be required of a foreigner, not ©my
to give him a more thorough knowledge of the-interests-of
his adopted country, but also to wean him more effectually
from those ofhisnative country.^
It is evident that the constitution did not con-
template an exclusion of the citizens of a new State.
The people of Texas are already familiar with the
institutions and interests of our people. They have no
foreign interests to be weaned from; they are in
fact the same people that we are, and their interests
are the same as ours. When we look at the motives
which influenced the convention in inserting these
clauses in the constitution, we would find them sus-
ceptible of no such application as the gentleman
from Maryland gave them. It is not in the spirit
of the powers conferred by the constitution that any
State should be admitted into the Union, and at the
same time that it should not be represented in the
Congress of the United States. Judge Story, in his
Commentary on the Constitution, vol. 2 § 419,
says:
"The constitution of the United States is to receive a rea-
sonable interpretation of its language and its powers, keep-
ing in view the objects and purposes lor which those pow-
ers were conferred. By a reasonable interpretation we
mean, that incase the words are susceptible of two different
senses, the one strict, the other more enlarged, that should
be adopted which is most consonant with the apparent ob-
jects and intent of the constitution; that which Hill give it
efficacy and foice as a government, rather than that which
will impair its operations and reduce it to a state of imbecil-
ity."
The same clauses to which the gentleman from
Maryland had referred, required that a represent-
ative or senator shall be uan inhabitant of that State
in which he shall be chosen;" yet, during the pres-
ent session of Congress, we find a senatorfrom Mis-
souri and one from Illinois elected to the Senate,
whilst they are actually inhabitants of Washington
city; yet no person will contend that the constitution
intended to exclude them, nor to prevent the legis-
lature of Virginia, (if they thought proper to do so,)
from electing Mr. Wise to the Seriate of the United
States, notwithstanding he is now actually an inhab-
itant of South America. The position taken by the
gentleman from Maryland, reminded him of that
taken by a candidate who aspired to be a represent-
ative in the legislature of Kentucky, during the
times of the high excitement in relation to the stay-
laws, who, in addressing those whom he desired to
make his constituents, contended that the legislature
had no power, but was actually prohibited by the con-
stitution from subjecting the property of debtors to
execution for the payment of their debts, because
the constitution of that State, as he (Mr. T.) be-
lieved those of most of the States declared, that
"justice should be administered without sale, denial,
or delay;" and that, therefore, a sale of property un-
der execution would be in direct violation of the
plain letter of the constitution.
The gentleman from Massachusetts, [Mr. Wiv-
throp,] when the proposition now under consider-
ation was first introduced by the chairman of the
Committee on Foreign Affairs, [Mr. C. J. Inger-
soi.l,] not only had denounced the reannexation of
Texas as a measure in violation of the laws of na-
tions, but as impolitic and a violation of the consti-
tution of the United States—a breach of the faith
of this country in her treaty with Mexico, and
therefore derogatory to the honor of the nation, and
dangerous ill its consequences to the permanency of
the Union from too great an extension of territory
and on account of the; slavery question. These
were assertions boldly made, and the positions
seemed to be confidently taken by that gentleman;
and he, (Mr. T.,) and no doubt this committee, had
expected, and the country had a right to expect,
that that gentieman, so distinguished for his intelli-
gence and ability, would, when this debate came on,
have come armed with facts and arguments calcu-
lated to appal the friends of this measure, and drive
them from their position. But in this they had
been disappointed; for that gentleman had said noth-
ing which, in his (Mr. T.'s) opinion, sustained the
positions he had taken.
The expediency of the measure (Mr. T. said)
was a question which his time would not permit
him to go into. He would not, therefore, detain
the committee with a description of the geographi-
cal extent of the country—the richness and fertility
of its lands—the importance of adding to this coun-
try the acquisition of so vast and valuable a terri-
tory the securing to our treasury the revenues
which would arise from the imports into that coun-
try, and through it the interior trade of the provinces
of Mexico—and the securing to this country the
control of tho cotton-growing regions of this conti-
nent, which staple controlled, the commerce of the
world. He would not have time to show the ex-
tent of the market which would be opened to the
productions of the western country—to the grain-
growing States of Michigan, Ohio, Indiana, and Illi-
nois—to the manufactures of hemp and tobacco, the
great staples of Kentucky and Missouri—to the
iron manufactures of Pennsylvania and Virginia,
Ohio and Kentucky—nor to the productions and en-
terprise of the northern and eastern States, in the
advantages to be derived by their shipping and
commercial interests, and in opening to them an ex-
tensive market for their manufactures of cotton and
wool, secure from a foreign competition. He must
pass by, too, the consideration of the importance of
the measure as a protection to our revenue laws,
and to secure our commerce from smuggling; its
importance in a military point of view, as a security
to New Orleans, the great depot of the vast produc-
tions of the western States; and to our naval power,
by securing to them the safest and best harbors of
the Gulf of Mexico, upon which millions of our
productions annually floated.
Mr. T. said that he could not perceive upon what
ground it was asserted that this measure would be
in violation of the law of nations. The law of na-
tions is defined to be "the law of nature applied to
nations." Whatever an individual could do in a state
of nature by natural law, a nation can do in like
circumstances. It is contended that as an individual
cannot by the law of nature destroy himself—com-
mit suicide—so a nation cannot extinguish its sov-
ereignty and become felo de se. The proposition to
add Texas as a State to this Union, does no ex-
tinguish the sovereignty of that nation; it is but a
legislative contract, competent to be made by Texas
—a political arrangement, such as all the States of
ths Union have made. The annexation of Ireland to
England in 1782 is an example in national history,
and a precedent in national law, for the admission of
Texas into this Union as a sovereign State. The
union of Ireland with England in 1800, by which
the independent Parliament of Ireland was abolish-
ed, and she came under the imperial legislature,
having still preserved a representation in the Par-
liament, and the reannexation of Wales to Eng-
land in the reign of Edward I, by which her sep-
arate and independent national existence was abso-
lutely extinguished, are examples and precedents in
national history and national law fully in point for
the proposed annexation or reannexation of Texas,
as gentlemen may prefer to term it.— fide Black.
Com., 1 rol., p. 94.
The right to acquire territory was a right inhe-
rent in the sovereignty of every nation, and there
could exist no question as to the United States pos-
sessing that power. As to the department of the
government to which this power had been delegated,
and the manner in which the power should be exer-
cised, they were questions (Mr. T. said) which it was
not necessary for him now to discuss, as it would be
observed by the committee that lie advocated the
measure of the reannexation of Texas, and argued
the questions growing out of it, upon the right and
constitutional power of Congress to admit new Stales
into the Union. There were two classes of prop-
ositions before the committee—one class proposing
to reannex Texas as a territory, the other to admit
Texas into the Union as a State. As to the details
of these several propositions, he did not intend to
discuss them; men of l.ciisc did not quarrel about
the details, when they had once agreed upon the
great principles of a measure. Nor did he mean to
say anything upon the question of the power of
Congress to rrannex Texas as a territory; his ob-
ject being only to show their power to admit her as
a State, as this would be the plan which he believed
the friends of the measure would ultimately adopt.
The third section of the fourth article of the con-
stitution provides that "new States may be admitted
by the Congress into this Union; but no new State
shall be formed or erected within the jurisdiction of
any other State, nor any State to be formed by the
junction of two or more States or parts of States,
without the consent of the legislatures of the States
concerned, as well as of the Congress." He con-
tended that if it were possible that there could be
considered any ambiguity to exist in the first broad
grant to Congress, "that new Slates may be admitted
into this Union," the succeeding limitation of the
