110
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
Jan. 1845.
28th Cong 2d Sess.
Jinnexation of Texas—Mr. Tibbatis.
H. of Reps.
clause showed conclusively that the constitution
contemplated the admission into the Union of two
kinds of new States—one from within the jurisdiction
of some State or States of the Union, which required
by the limitation the consent of the legislatures of
■ the States interested, and the other from without the
jurisdiction of any of the States, over which the pow-
er of Congress was wholly unlimited, except by its
own discretion.
The constitution declares that "new States may
be admitted by the Congress into this Union."
These words are plain, clear, and determinate; the
sense arising upon them is distinct; there can be no
doubt or ambiguity as to their meaning; they require
no interpretation; he that runs may read, and being
read, they cannot fail to be understood by die most
'common capacity. He would beg leave to call the
attention of the committee to a few sound rules of
constitutional construction, which had been laid
down by an eminent jurist.
Justice Story, in his Commentary on the Consti-
tution, 2 vol., sec. 422, says:
"But a constitution of government, founded bj* the peo-
ple for themselves and their posterity, and for objects ol the
most momentous nature, foi perpetual union, for the estab-
lishment of justice for the general welfare, and for a per-
petuation of the blessings ofliberty, necessarily requires
that every interpretation of its pou ers should have a con-
stant reference to these objects. No interpretation of the
words in which those powers are granted can be a sound
one which narrows down their ordinary import, so as to
defeat those objects. That would be to destroy the spirit
and to cramp the letter."
Sec. 451:
"In the first place, then, ev*ry word employed in the con
stitution is to be expounded in its plain, obvious, and com
mon sense, unless the context furnishes some ground to
control, qualify, or enlarge it. Constitutions are not de-
signed for metaphysical or logical subtleties, for niceties
ofexpression. lorcritical propriety, for elaborate shades ol
meaning, or fox the exercise ot philosophical acuteness, or
judicial research 1 hey are instruments of a practical na-
ture, founded on the common business of human life, adopt-
ed to common wants, designed forcornmon use, and fitted
for common undertakings. The people make them; the
people adopt them, the people must be supposed to read
them with the help of common ^-nse. and cannot bo pre-
sumed to admit in them any recondite meaning, or any ex-
traordinary gloss.*'
Sec. 401.
"Where the word^ arc plain and clear, and the dense dis-
tinct and perfect, ans-ing on them, there is generally no ne-
cessity to have recourse-to other means ol interpretation
It is only where there is some ambiguity or doubt arisinr
from other sources that interpretation has its proper of-
fice."
Sec. 40.5:
"Where its woid* fire plain, clean, and determinate, they
require no interpretation, and it should therefore be admit-
ted, if at all, with great caution, and only from necessity,
either to escape some absurd consequence, or to guard
against some fatal evil."
Sec. 45G:
"The remark of Mr. Burke npy, with a vbry slight
change ot phrase, be addressed as <m admonition to all those
who are called upon to frame or to interpret a constitution.
Government is a practical thing made for the happiness of
mankind, and not to furnish oat a spectaclc of uniformity to
gratify the schemes of usiona'iy politicians The business
of tho^e who are celled to administer it is to rule and not to
wrangle. It would be a poor compensation, that one La'5
triumphed m a dispute, whilst we had lost an empire, tha
we had frittered down a power, and at the same time ha
destroyed the republic "
The argument that such a power might be dan,
gerously abused is entitled to no weight or consider-
ation. The same argument may be used against
any power. The government is created for the
benefit of the people, ard to promote their happi-
ness. For the just and proper administration of the
powers conferral upon them the people will hold
their representatives responsible.
The Supreme Court of the United States, in the
caseofMarttn vs. Hunter, (1 Wheat R. 304—S. C.
3. Peters's Cond. R. 675,) say:
"The government then, of the United States can claim
no power* winch ore not planted to it by the constitution,
and the poweis aefu illy grjnted must be such as are ex-
pressly given, oi giv. n b\ ne. <*ssaiy implication On the
other hamd, itns in^tri'3"ent. like every other grnnt, is to
have a reasonable ( vnstiuetion, jceoid'mg to the import of
its terms. And wh< i e n pou ei i* expressly given m gen-
eral terms, it i; not to bf retrained to particular cases, un-
less that construction grow out of the context expressly, or
by necessary implication Tiie words -ire to be taken in
their natural and obvious sense, and not in a sense unrea-
sonably restricted or enlar.-.ed "
And Justice Story says, in his Commentary on
the Constitution, vol. 2, sec. 425:
"A power given in general terms is not to be restricted to
particular cases, merely because it may be susceptible of
•abuse, and. if abused, may lead to mischievous conse-
quences. This argument i«> often mod in public debate;and
In its common aspect addresses itselt so much to popular
fears and piejudices that it insensibly acquires a weight in
the public mind to \Nhich it is in no wise entitled.'>
Sec. 427:
{,It has been observed with great correctness that, al-
though the spirit of an instrument—especially of a constitu-
tion—is to be respected not less than its letter, yet its spirit
is to be collected chiefly from the letter. It would be dan-
gerous in the extreme to infer from extrinsic circumstances
that a case, for winch the words of an instrument expre&sly
provide, shall be exempted from its operation.'"
The constitution, on its face, then, on any correct
rule of construction that could be applied to it, it
could not be doubted, authorized Congress to admit
Texas into the Union as a State. But the friends
of this measure did not fear to travel out of the con-
stitution, into the history of the clause under con-
sideration; into its cotemporaneous interpretion: into
the practical exposition of it as evidenced by the
subsequent action of the government in its various
departments. All these soux-ces of information and
construction would strengthen, if it were possible to
add strength to the plain expression of the constitu-
tion itself, the interrelation which he had given to
the clause under consideration. The admission of
other States was contemplated by'the original found-
ers of the republic. It was provided in the "orig-
inal articles of confederation" as follows:
"Article xr. Canada, acceding to this confederation,
and joining in the measures of the United Status, shall be
admitted into, ond entitled to all advantages of this Union;
but no of/ier toZony shall be admitted into the same, unless
such admission be agreed to by nine States."
Thus Canada had the right to admission upon
her own act of accession and joining in the measures
of the United States; and any other of the colonies
could have been admitted by the consent of nine out
of the thirteen original States.
In page 216 of the Federalist, the author says:
"The u\eutual establishment of new States,' [other /Kan
the colonies,] ''seems to have been overlooked by the com-
pilers of that instrument," [the articks of confederation.]
"We have seen the inconvenience of this omission, and the
assumption of power into which Congies* has been led by
it. With great propriety, therefore, has the new system sup-
plied the defect "
How did the new system—tiie constitution as it
now stands—supply the defect5 The answer is ob-
vious: by giving to Congress the general, unrestrict-
ed, unambiguous, and unlimited power to admit
"new States into the Union." But let us look into
the pioceediugs of the convention for the legislative
history of the grant of this power. In the proposi-
tions submitted to the convention by Mr. Randolph,
Mr. Pinckney, and Mr. Patterson, we find the fol-
lowing relating to the power proposed to be granted
to Congress to admit new States:
Mr. Edmund Randolph's proposition:
"10. Tltsah-ed, That provision ought to be made for the
admission of States h\\ fully arising within the limits of the
United Stares, whether irom a voluntary junction of gov-
eminent or territory or others i ;c, with the consent ot a
number of voices in the national legislature lrs<? than the
w hole "—4 vol Elliott's Debates, p 42; end the same as the
14th of his amended resolutions, ibid , p, 7i.
Mr. Charles Pinckney"s proposition:
"Art. xiv. The legislature shall have power to admit new
States into the L'nion, on the came terms with the original
States; provided two-thuds of the members present m both
Houses agree."—4 vol. Elliott's j)eb., p. 43
Mr. William Patterson's proposition:
"6. llesohed, That provision ought to be made for the ad-
mission of new States into the Union 4 vol Rlliott's De-
butes, p. ro.
Mr. Randolph's 14th resolution, as above, was
passed unanimously.—Elliott's Deb., 4 vol , 103.
In a ''draft of a constitution1' reported by the
committee of five, Aug:. G, 1787, (4 Elliott's'Deb.,
P-197-) - v.
"Art. xvii. >ipw States, lawfullv constituted or estab-
lished w itiim the limits ol the United States, may be admit-
ted by the legisUtuie into tins go\ einnient; but to such ad-
mission the consent ot two-thirds of the members nrescnt m
each House shall be necessary. If a new SfHc shall arise
within the limits oi any of the present States, the consent of
the legislature of surh States shall be also necessary to its
admission If the admission be consented to, the new Slales
shall be admitted on the same terms as the original btaier,
But the legislature may make condition with such m\v
States concerning the public debt which shall be then sub-
sisting. '
On tnis article the following1 proceedings were
had. In 4 vol. Elliott's Deb., p. 163:
' It was moved and seconded to strike out the two last
clauses in the seventeenth article; winch passed in the af-
hrmative.
>'lt was moved and seconded to strike out the following
woru^out of the seventeenth article- 'But to such admis-
sion the consent of two-thirds of the members present in
eash House shall be necessary."
And on the question being taken, it passed in the
affirmative—yeas 9, nays 2.
'•It was moved and seconded to asrree to the followinff
proposition as a substitute for the seventeenth article:
rsew States shall be admitted by the legislature into the
Union; but no new State shall be erected within the limits
of any of the piesent Statu* without the consent of the le-
gislature of such State, as well as of the general legislature."
"Separate questions being taken on the different clauses
of the proposition, they passed in the affirmative— yeas 6,
nays 5."
And the provision finally assumed the form it
now has in the aonstitution.
Thus we see that the propositions of Mr. Pinck-
ney and Mr. Patterson proposed to grant this power
unrestricted as to the situation of the territory—
whether it lay within or without the original States;
that of Mr. Randolph, and of the committee of fire,
proposed to limit the power to admit new States out of
territory within the limits of the United States; but
the limitation which was proposed wns rejected by
the convention by the adoption of the substitute,
which left the power unrestricted as to the position
of the territory, as had been originally proposed by
Mr. Pinckney and Mr. Patterson.
Justice Story, in his Commentary on the Consti-
tution, vol. 2, sec. 407, says:
' Contemporary^ construction is properly rexoited to to
illustrate and confirm the text—to explain a doubtful phrase,
or to expound an obscure clause; and in proportion to tl.e
uniformi'y and universality of that construction, andtho
known ability and talents of those bv wht-m it was given!
is tiie credit to which it is entitled. It can never abrogate
the text, it can never fritter away iU ob\ions ser*-e, it can
never narrow dow n its true limitations,; it can never enlarge
its natural boundaries.''—Mudaon Fed
To show the cotemporaneous construction, how-
ever, which had been given to the clause in the con-
stitution under consideration, Mr. T. said he would
refer the committee to the 14th No. of the Federal-
ist, a book which had always been regarded as of
the highest and most unquestionable authority touch-
ing the intentions and views of the framers of the
constitution. Mr. Madison, who was the author
of that number, says:
"The immediate object of the federal constitution is to
secure the union nf the thirteen primitive States, whioh w.1
know to be practicable, and to add to them such other States
as may arise in their own bosom.-;, or m their nn^hbotho^U
which wo cannot doubt to be equally practicable."
Thus, according to the interpretation of this pow-
er given by Mr. Madison, the constitution provides,
first, for the union of the then existing thirteen prim-
ithe States; secondly, for the admission of new-
States which might arise out of the original States;
and thirdly, for the admission of such other States
as might arise in the neighborhood of the thirteen primi-
tive States.
^ The practical exposition which had been given of
the meaning of the power under consideration, by
the various departments of the government, were at
least, in his opinion, the most conclusive and satis-
factory source of collateral interpretation; and in
this opinion he was glad to find himself sustained
by that of the learned jurist to whose commentaries
he had had occasion soAften to refer.
Juetice Story, in his Commentaries on Constitu-
tion, vol. 2, sec. 408, says:
"And after all, the most unexceptionable source of collat-
eral interpretation is from the practical exposition of the
government itself m it-< vunous departments, upon particu-
lar questions discussptl, aud settled upon their own sin^l-*
Merits. These approach the nearest m their ow n nytureSto
j udiciol expo^ition^, and have the same general recommer'-
datum that belongs to the latter The)'are decided 'upon
solemn argument. )---o re nula. upon a doubt raided, upon a
us mota, upon a deep sense of their importance and difficult y
in the. f3ce of the nation, with a ^ iew to present action,
in the mi.ist of jealous interests, and by men capable of urg-
ing, or repelling, the grounds of argument, from their exqin-
site genius, their comprehensive learning, oi tin ir deen
meditation upon the absoxbing topic. How light compared
with these means ofronstiuction are the private lucuhratho.s
of the closet, or the retired speculations ofimr^nioir. mmd«
intent on theory, or general views, and unused to encounter
a practical difficulty at every step!
The power to acquire new territory, and t!,e
power to admit new States oat of territory not
within the limits or jurisdiction of the original thir-
teen States, or within any territory held or claimed
by the United States at the time of the adoption of
the constitution, iias been fully sustained by prece-
dents and practical acts of all the departments of the
government, legislative, executive, and judicial l>v
the executive, in the acquisition of Louisiana and
Honda, and the repeated efforts which have been
made to reannex the lepublic of Texas; bythe iegis-
lative, m the admission of Louisiana, Arkansas, and
Missouri as new States into the Union; and the
power is fully sustained by the Supreme'Court in
tne case ol I he American Insurance Company et al. vs.
Cante?, 1 Peters^s R., p. 543. Chief Justice Marshall,
m delivering the opinion of the court, sayst
nf con*"ers fbsniutely on the government
til™ e P,0wSrs of ^kingwar and of making
ir Jlf ^r,,V y ^ £ov*xrnment possesses the pow-
r of acquiring territory either by conquest or by treaty.''
