112
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
28th Cong 2d Sess.
Annexation of Texas—Mr. Tibbatts.
Jan. 1841.
H.'of Reps.
"Freedom's battle once begun,
Bequeathed from bleeding sire to son,
Thoughbaflled oft, has ever won"
At this time, "under the Spanish government,
Texas was a separate and distinct province. As
such it had a distinct local organization."—(Foote's
Hiitory of Texas, page 62.) And at the time Tex-
as revolted from Spain, Mexico was a distinct prov-
* ince under the dominion of Spain, from which she
did not declare her independence until the adoption
of the "Plan D'Iguala," at the city of Jguala, on
the 14th of February, 1821. For, though internal
commotions and revolutions had existed in that
country from the time they were commenced by the
curate Hidalgo, in 1810, they were controversies
between the natives and the European Spaniards, for
power in the country, and not for the purpose of
throwing1 off the Spanish yoke. The independence
of Mexico was acknowledged by the treaty of Cor-
dova, entered into between Don John O'Donojou,
the Spanish general, and Don Augustin de Iturbide,
the general of the Mexican armies, on the 24th of
August, 1821.
"treaty of cordora.
"Treaty concluded in the city of Coidova, the '2Ath Jiugust 182] ,
between Don John O'Donojou, lieutenant general of the
armies of Spmn, and Don Augustin de Iturbide, first chttf
oj the Imperial Mexican armies of the three guaranties:
"New Spain having declare*! herself independent of the
mother country, possessing an army to sustain this declara-
tion, in favorol which the provinces have pronounced them-
selves; the capital, where the legitimate authority had been
established, being besieged; the cities of Vera Cru7 and of
Acapulco, alone remaining to the government, but without
garrisons and without the means of resisting a regular siege
of any duration, the Lieutenant General Don John O'Dono-
jou arrived at the first named of these ports, with the titles
and qualities of captain general and first political chief of
the kingdom, whereof he has been vested by his Catholic
majesty, desiring to avert the evils which fall necessarily
upon the people in the changcs of this nature, and to recon-
cile the interests of the Old with that of the New Spam, in-
vite.-} the first chief of the imperial army, Don Augustin
Iturbide, to an interview, in order to discus*? the great ques-
tion of independence, and to untie, without bteaking them,
the cords which unite the two countnes This interview
took place in the city of Coidova, (New Spain.) on the 24th
of August, ISO! j. and the former, in the, character in which
he was invested, aud the latter as representing the Mexican
empire, having long conferred on the interests of each of
the nations, and taken into consideration their present con-
dition, and the recent events, agree to the following articles,
which they sign in duplicate, each of the two parties pre-
serving an original, for the greater safetj and validit) of
their stipulations:
"Art 1. This part of America shall be acknowledged as
a sovereign and independent State; and henceforth shall be
called the Empire of Mexico."—Fide Memoirs Jlulographes,
De don Augustin Iturbide, p. 116.
But that treaty had no reference to Texas what-
ever; it treated of "New Spain" alone. After Itur-
bide was executed, Texas and Coalmila, in 1824,
joined the Mcxican confederacy; but they joined it
as a separate and independent Stale. Their con-
stitution adopted at Saltiilo, 11th March, 1827, de-
clare^:
"Aiiicle 1. The State of ruttliuila and Texas consists in
the union of si) its inhabitants.
"*.! It is free and independent of the other United Mex-
ican States, and of every other foieign power and domin-
ion Kennedy's Tex. va). ~ .'?/'/>. -AV>. 11, p. 4-1;i.
Thus as a free and independent nation they en-
tered the Mexican confederacy, and as such they
were received.
In October, 1839, Texas held a separate conven-
tion from Coalmila to form a State constitution for
herself, and a second convention on the 1st April,
1833, according to the guaranty of the constitutional
actof the constituent Congress of Mexico of the 7th
May, 1824; this latter convention framed and adopt-
ed a constitution tor the State of Texas as <isepa-
rate and distinct and independent member of the
Mexican federation, to be submitted to the national
government, with a memorial praying for the ad-
mission of Texas into the Mexican Union, in con-
formity with the terms of the federal compact; but
their mti-sens;er, Mr. Austin, on his arrival ill Mex-
ico, was
llYlpl
Texas nevertheless, in con-
junction with Coalmila, continued as an indepen-
dent State in the Mexican confederation, until 183-1
and 18.15, when the rights of the republic of Mex-
ico were violated, and the republic overthrown, and
a military central consolidation erected on the 5th
October, 1835, by Saiiin Anna, upon its ruins. The
people of Texas refused to entei into this new gov-
ernment. They were oppressed by the Mexican
power and their local legislature abolished.
On the 7th Nov. 1835, by a council of deputies
of the people, the Texians issued a manifesto, in
which, after reciting that Santa Anna and
other military chieftains "had dissolved the social
compact existing between Texas and the other
members of the confederacy," solemnly declared
that they "had taken up arms in defence of their
rights and liberties," and "in defence of the republi-
can principles of the federal constitution of Mexico
of 1824;" "that Texas was no longer morally or
civilly bound by the compact of Union;" "that
they do not acknowledge that the present authori-
ties of the present nominal Mexican republic have
the right to govern within the limits of Texas;" and
"that they hold it to be their right, during the disor-
ganization of the federal system, and the reign of
despotism, to withdraw from the Union, to estab-
lish an independent government, or to adopt such
measures as they may deem best calculated to pro-
tect their rights and liberties."
War was made upon the people of Texas. They
resisted; and, by a council of deputies of the peo-
ple, established a provisional government; which,
en the 7th November, 1835, issued the following
manifesto:
''Whereas General Antonio Lopez de Santa Anna, and
other military chieftains, have, by force of arms, over-
thrown the federal constitution of Mexico, and dissolved the
social compact which evicted between Texas and the other
members of the confederacy, now the good people of Tex-
as, availing themselves of their natural right, solemnly de*
clat e—
"First. That they have taken up arms in defence of their
rights and liberties, which were threatened by encroach,
ments of military despots, and in defence of the republi-
can principles of the federal constitution of Mexico oi
1824.
'•Second. That Texas is no longer morally or civilly
bound by 'he compact of union, yet, stimulated by the gen-
erosity and sympathy common to a free people, they offer
their support and assistance to such of the members of the
Mexicanconlederacy as will take up arms against mihtaiy
despotism.
"Third. That they do not acknowledge that the present
authorities of the present nominal Mexican republic have
the right to govern within the limits of Texas
"Fourth. That they will not cease to carry on war
against the said authorities, whilst their troops are in the
limits of Texas.
"Fifth. That they hold it to be their right, during the dis-
organt7ation of the federal system, and the reign of despo-
tism, to withdraw from the Union, to establish an indepen-
dent government, or to adopt such measures as they iruiy
deem best calculated to protect their rights and liberties,
but that they will continue faithful to the Mexican govern-
ment so long as that nation i=? go\ erned by the constitution
and laws that wei e framed for the government of the politi-
cal association "
Their country was invaded by the order of the
usurper Santa Anna; the invasion was successfully
resisted by the people of Texas; the Mexican army,
together with their leader, General Cos, was captur-
ed; and, in the articles of capitulation of the 11th
December, 1835, it was stipulated—
"That General Cos and his officers retire, with their arms
andprivatc pioperty, into the inteiior of the republic, under
parole of honor that they will not, in any way, oppose the
re-establishment of the federal constitution of !8'U "
On the 2d March, 1830, the people of Texas, by
their delegates assembled in convention at "Wash-
ington, declared their independence, as follows:
"We, therefore, the delegates, with plenary powers of the
people of Texas, in solemn convention assembled, appealing
to a candid world for the necessities of our condition, do
hereby resolve and declare that our poljtje&l connexion
with the Mexican nation has forever ended;and that the peo-
ple of Texas do now constitute a FllKK. SOVlillKfGN,
AND INDEPENDENT l^El'ITBIdr, and are fully invested
with all the lights and attnbutes v^hii h prop<-ily belong to
independent nations: and, conscious of the rectitude of cur
intentions, we fearlessly and conlnlcntly submit the issue to
the supreme arbiter of the destines of nations."
The parole of honor of General Cos was violated,
and he returned with Santa Anna, with another in-
vading army of S,000 men, who openly avowed his
intention to devote to indiscriminate slaughter all who
should resist hts authority; but Santa Anna and
his army were ovethrown and captured, on the
plains of San Jacinto, on the 21st April, 1836.
Alluding: to this great event, the Committee on
Foreign Relations, of the Senate, in a unanimous
report of the 18th .Tune, 183G, through Mr. Clay, as
chairman, unanimously adopted by the Senate, de-
clared that—
"Theiecent siirnnl and splendid victory in which that
portion oi the Mexican arm} winch wa« commanded by
General Santa Amn, the President of the Mexican govern-
ment. in person, 'a as entirely o\ erthrow n with unexampled
slaughter, compared with the inconsiderable loss on the
other side, put to flight and eaptuied, including among the
prisoners the rre?idont himself and hi* stall,"may be con-
sidered as detisu e of the independence <f Texas "y
And a solemn treaty was concluded and signed
on the 14th of May, 1836, between Mexico and
Texas, as follows:
"Articles of agreement and solemn compact made
and adopted by David G. Burnett, President of the
republic of Texas, and the undersigned members of
the cabinet thereof on the one part, and Don Anto-
nio Lopez de Santa Anna, President of tlie repub-
lic of Mexico, and Don Vince.me Pilasola,general
of divisions, Don Jose Urea, Den Joaquin Ramirez
y Sesma, and Don Antonio Gaona, generals of
brigades of the armies of Mexico.
"Fourth. That the President, Santa Anna, in-his official
capacity as chief ol the Mexican nation, and the Generals
Don Vmcente Fila&ola, Don Jose Urea, Don Joaquin Rami-
re7 y Sesma, and Don Antonio Gaona, chiefs ofannies do
solemnly acknowledge, sanction, and ratify the full, entire,
and perlect independence of the republic of Texas with
such boundaries as are hereafter set forth and agreed upon
for the same.—(History of Texas, 2d vol. pages 317, &18)
Mr. Webster, as Se6retary of State, irr hia cor-
respondence with Mr. Bocanegra of the 8th July,
1842, says:
"From the time of the battle'of San Jacinto, in April, 183fi,
to the piesent moment, Texas has exhibited the same exter-
nal signs of national independence as Mexico herself, and
with quite as much stability of government. Practically
free and independent, acknowledged as a political sove-
reignty by the principal powers of the world, mo hostile foot
finding rest within her territory for six >r seven years, and
Mexico herself refraimng/or all that period (rom any further
attempt to re-establish her own authoiity over that^tern-
tory " "The battle oi San Jacinto, fought on the *21st April,
1836, achieved their independence. The war was from\'hat time
at an end "Since 1837, the United States have regarded
Texas as an independent sovereignty as much as Mexico "
"He (Mr. Bocanegra) speaks of Texas as still being *an in-
tegral part of the Mexican republic j' but he cannot but un-
derstand that the l. nited States do not so 1 egard it" "The
constitution, public treaties, and the laws oblige the Presi-
dent to regard Texas as an independent State, and its terri-
tory as no part of the tewitary oj Mexico."
Notwithstanding- all the efforts of Mexico to sub-
due her, Texas has successfully resisted that power,
and maintained her independence to this day.
Mexico, in fact, never had a right, according to t&e
law of nations, to one foot of land in Texas. The
United States are under no obligations to consult
her. The admission of Texas into the Union will,
in no degree, compromitthe honor of this nation, or
violate its faith in its treaty with Mexico. Mexico,
in fact, had no right to interfere in the matter, and
we are under no obligations to consult her in rela-
tion to it.
So much, then, (said Mr. T.,) for the honor of
this country. But (said Mr. T.) whilst "honor is
the subject,'' and the good faith of this nation is un-
der consideration, he begged leave to call the atten-
tion of the committee to another important fact.
By the third article of the treaty of Louisiana (Laws
of the United States, vol. 1, p. 136) it was provided
that—
"The inhabitants of the ceded territory shall be incorpo-
rated in the United States, and admitted as soonas possible,
according to the principles of the federal constitution, to
the enjo\ ment of all the nght3. advantages, and immunities
of citizens of the United SUtes; and, in the mean time, they
shall be maintained and piotected in the free enjoyment of
their libertj, property, and the religion which they pro-
fess ^
Now, he asked if the obligations of that treaty
were not violated when Texas was ceded to Spain
by the treaty of 1819, without consulting'France or
the people of the Territory? and if the United States
were not bound by the principles of justice and
good faith to perform the stipulations in that treaty
how, when they had it in their power to do so, and
thus, as far as they were able, do justice to an in-
jured people?
Mr. Clay, (said Mr. T.,) at the time, denied the
right of the United States, under the treaty-making
power, to cede that country to Spain. Mr. Clay, in
1820, introduced the following resolution:
"Resolved, That the constitution of the United States
vests in Congress the power to dispose of the territory be-
longing to them, and that no treaty purporting to alienate
any portion thereof is valid without the concurrence of
(. ongress ^
Mr. Clay most strenuously opposed the measure
as being both unconstitutional and inexpedient.
The proposition asserted by the resolution just
quoted was sufficiently maintained by barely read-
ing the clause in the constitution on which it rests:
"The Congress shall have the power to dispose, &c. of
the territory or other property belonging to the United
States."
He said that
"All accounts concurred in representing Texas to be ex-
tremely valuable. Jte -upeincaal extent was three or four
times greater than that of Florida. The climate was deli-
cious, thi soil fertile: the margins of the rivers abounding
in live-oak, and the country admitting of easy settlement
It possessed, moieover, if he were not misinformed, one of
the fmcbt ports in the Gulf of Tvicxico. The productions of
which it was capable were suitable to ourwants. He would
not give Texas for Florida in a naked exchange."
Thus did Mr. Clay oppose the transfer of that
country, and he never lost sight of the regaining of
it. But he (Mr. T.) contended that the cession of
