Ian. 1848.
APPENDIX TO TUB CONGRESSIONAL GLOBS.
113
28th Cong 2d Sess
Annexation of Texas—Mr * Tibbatts*
H* of Reps,
Texas to Spain, was not only a breach of faith with
France, but a violation of the rights of the people
of Texas, and absolutely null and void so far as the
people of Texas were concerned, upon another
ground.—[See appendix No. 11.]
There was (said Mr. T.) no plainer principle in "
the law of nations. Vattel (p. 196, sec. 165) lays
down'the law of nations expressly "to be, that
"jL sovereign already bound by a treaty cannot 'enter into
others contrary to the first. The things respecting which
he has entered into engagements ar^ no longer at his dispo-
sal. If it happens that a posterior treaty be found, in any
particular point, to clash with one of more ancient date, the
new treaty is mill and void with respect to that point, inas-
much as it tends to dispose of a thing that is no longer in
the power ol him who appears to dispose of it."
He (Mr. T.) concluded, then, that Texas had a
perfect right, by the provisions of the treaty of
Louisiana, to admission into the Union. The ad-
mission of Texas, instead of violating the faith of
our treaty with Mexico, will be a compliance with
our faith, pledged in the treaty with Frano.fi. Instead
'of soiling the honor of the nation, instead of break-
ing treaty stipulations, it will restore and perform
the obligations of a treaty already broken. He
(Mr. T.) thought that the United States could not
deny to Texas admission into the Union without a
violation of every principle of- honor, of justice,
and good faith.
Some gentlemen said that the reannexation of
Texas to the United States was anew question; but
he (Mr. T.) denied that it was so; it had never been
lost higlit of since it had been, unfortunately for the
country, ceded away. Mr. Adams and Mr. Clay,
General Jackson and Mr. Van Buren, endeavored
to negotiate a purchase of it with Mexico m 1825,
'"27, '29, '33, and '35. None of those distinguished
men, nor any eminent man of any party, then be-
lieved that it would be a violation of our treaty with
Spain to negotiate with Mexico the purchase of
Texas; and yet Spain had not recognised the inde-
pendence of Mexico. And now gentlemen object
to reannexation bccause Mexico has .not acknowl-
edged the independence of Texas, although no ob-
jections were made to the negotiating with Mexico
for the. reannexation, notwithstanding Spain had not
acknowelged the independence of Mexico until the
treaty ofMadrid,ofthe 28th December, 1836,after the
battle of San Jacinto, and after the acknowledgment
of the independence of Texas by Santa Anna and
the Mexican generals. Mexico, during the prog-
ress of the negotiations with her for Texas, had
nothing, so far as Spain was concerned, to establish
her independence but the treaty concluded at Cor-
dova.betwecn O'Donojou and Iturbide, against which
the Spanish government had entered its protest in
the most solemn manner, by the
Decree of the Cortes of Madrid.
At the sitting of the 13th February, 1822, the
Corte.'S extraordinary, assembled at Madrid, adopted
the following articles.
"Aki . 1 Tin* Cortes declare that the act designated under
the title of the treaty of Cordova, between General O'Don-
Ojou and the chiof of the malcontents of New Spain, Don
Augustm de Iturbide, and every other act or stipulation im-
plying the recognition of the independence of Mexico by
the aforesaid general, are illegal and void, so far as regards
the government of Spam and it? subjects.
"Aki. -i. The Spanish government declares officially to
all powers w ith which it has amicable relations, that it will
consider, m all time, as a violation of existing treaties the
recognition, partial or absolute, of the independence of the
Spanish colonies in America, so long as the differences
which exist between any of the colonies and the metropolis
shall not ha\e been terminated, &cM &c."—Vide Memohes
Autographies, De don Jla^wstin Iturbide, p. l'2y.
It was, then, upon the simple acknowledgment of
O'Donojou that Messrs. Adams and Clay, and after-
wards General Jackson and Mr. Van Buien, pro-
posed to treat with Mexico for the cession of Texas
to the United States. Mexico had no other title to
Texas than that, when these propositions were made
to her; yet when now it is proposed to treat with
Texas herself, who has had the acknowledgment
and recognition of her independence since 1836,
of Santa Anna and the other Mexican gene-
rals, and who has maintained that independence
against the combined power and treachery of Mexi-
co, we are gravely told (said Mr. T.) that we are
about to tarnish the honor of the country, and vio-
late its treaty obligations with Mexico.
This he (Mr. T.) considered as a national ques-
tion, which should not bo decided on sectional views.
But if sectional views were to be taken, he conceived
that it would be found that the western States and
the eastern States were those most deeply interested
in it; and, instead of its being a southern question, it
would be found to be a western and an eastern ques-
[8]
tion. The attempt to reannex Texas first proceed-
ed from one of the representatives from Massachu-
setts, [Mr. Adams ,] aided by a gentleman from Ken-
tucky, [Mr. Clay;] and it was fair to presume that,
if those distinguished gentlemen were guided at all
by sectional feeling in relation to the measure, their
minds were influenced by the interests of the East
and West at that day. Nothing, however, "was
then said of its being a southern question, or a party
question, or a slave question; and both upon the
slave question and her interest in manufactures, he
considered that the position now assumed by Mas-
sachusetts was, and would prove to be, as complete
an error loci as she could be placed in. [See appen-
dix No. 2.]
He (Mr. T.) did not, so far as he knew himself,
and was capable of judging of his own feelings and
opinions, give to the slave question, which had been
raised here, the weight of one feather in influencing
his mind in favor of the reannexation of Texas.
He lived on the very line of demarcation between
the free and slave interests of this Union, and he
was able to look upon this subject with calmness;
and he would say that he did not give that weight
to the question of slavery that he should be induced
to vote for this reannexation with the view of ex-
tending the bounds of that institution. Many of
his constituents were the owners of slaves; they
were their property, acknowledged as such, and se-
cured to them by the constitution of the Union; and
so long as he had the honor of a seat on this floor,
he would not submit to any invasion of, or interfer-
ence with, their constitutional rights or domestic
institutions upon this or any other subject, by this or
any other government or people. But if the people
of Texas desired it, and proposed themselves to be
annexed as a free State, he would give his vote as
freely for it as he would if it were to be annexed as
a slave State; that was a question for the people of
Texas to settle themselves.
This question of the reannexation of Texas had
continued long to be a question of great interest
throughout this Union; it was never made a party
question untilthe recent presidential canvass, and it
decided the result of that election; the fiat of the
people had gone forth in a voice which could not
be misunderstood. Gentlemen might deny that the
question had been settled by the people. He (Mr.
T.) thought otherwise. On the subject of the tariff
and distribution, there was not that unanimity that
there was on this question. On the question of re-
annexation there was no difference; there was no
dispute in the democratic ranks; and besides them
there were a vast number of whigs in favor of the
measure; the majority of the people of the United
States in favor of reannexation was much greater
than the majority of Mr. Polk over Mr. Clay. If
there was one question however that was involved
in the late canvass throughout the wide expanse of
this Union—through every State, in every county
and town and hamlet—it was this question of the re-
annexation of Texas. There was no question
which was so much and so universally mooted; and
Mr. Clay was opposed on theground of his supposed
hostility to it, though he was nevertheless supported
by many of the whig party on other questions, who
were, notwithstanding, in favor of reannexation.
Mr. Polk was supported because he was in favor of
the measure, and he believed opposed by all who
were opposed to it. It might not comport with the
views of some gentlemen of the North, to whose
course he did not intend to make objections, as that
was a matter of their own concern and not his; but
he begged the committee to look upon the question
as it ought to be viewed—as a national question,
and not one simply involving local feelings or mere
local interests, or to be decided upon such contracted
views.
It being within one minute of the expiratioB of
the hour allotted him, Mr. T. said he would not,
as he had not tirae, enter into views he had desired
to present to the committee upon other questions
[See appendix No. 3] arising out of the subject un-
der debate, and he therefore yielded the floor.
Appendix.—No. 1.
That distinguished and able jurist, the Hon. Geo.
M. Bibb, writing on this subject, says:
"The United States by the cession to Spain.'violated their
treaty with France; they violated their engagements to the
inhabitants of the ceded territory now called Texas.
"The people ofTexas have a perfect right to demand of
the United States the fulfilment of the stipulations of the
third article of the treaty ol the 30th April, 1803, with
France. The Texians have just claim against the United
States for indemnity for the expenditures and charges they
were compelled to incur in defending themselves against
the invasion of Santa Anna, and in providing for themselves,
by their own means, that protection and security which
the I'nited States were in good l'aith bound to have af-
forded.
"The United States are bound by the obligations of just
tice, by the ties of honor and good foith, to repair the breach-
committed by the cession-to Spain as soon as possible. A
most fit and just occasion otters now, by the application of
Texastobe received into the-United States. The United
States cannot in honor higgle about the debts incurred by
the Texians in their defence. Honor and" good faith are
above money and price."
No. 2.
Mr. Tibbatts, in his speech upon the subject of
the reannexation of Texas m the House of Repre-
sentatives at the last session of Congress, alluding-
to the subject of slavery, made the following re-
marks:
"It will extend the principles of civil liberty, for they
march pari passu with the migrations of the Anglo-Saxon
race Above all, it will be favorable to the quieting of a
question of the deepest interest to this country and to the
world—a question which is infusing the gall of bitterness
into the feelings between different portions of our happy
confederacy, enkindling a spirit of hatred and feelings of
revenge m our bosoms which threatens to rend the very
vitals of our glorious country, and cause the downfall of our
politioalinstitutions, the dismemberment of the Uuion, and
the destruction of the last hope of human liberty. Sir.it
will be favorable to the gradual, peaceable, and constitu-
tional abolition of slavery on thi3 continent, in "a manner
pointed out by the Almighty Creator of the universe, and
which he will work out in his own way. I am one of those,
Mr. Chairman, who believe in a superintending Providence,
to whose divine influence is to be attributed the saving ol
this great republic from destruction at several epochs in
our national history, when its safety seemed to be beyond
the control of human power. It seems to me that I seethe
hand of God, and the direction of his wisdom, in the pilgrim-
age of the African race from their own dark and benighted
land, through the (to them) strange nations and uncongenial
climates of Kui ope and America, among people their supe-
riors by nature, more skilled in the arts, more improved In
the sciences, more advanced in civilization, and more
learned in the principles of liberty and free government.
The African race wili be carried along in this pilgrimage
by the interests of mankind, and by the laws of trade,
gradually improved, cultivated, christianized, regenerated,
and converted into beings of a different nature. They
will gradually recede from the North, which is uncon
genial to their natures. They will be pushed and crowded
on by the tide of emigration of the white races of Europe,
now flooding this country with a hardy and industrious pop-
ulation in search of liberty, and seeking freedom from the
oppressions of the Old World. They will flow peacefully
in an increasing stream along the Mississippi, the great
father of waters, and through this very-land of Texas, un-
til they end their pilgrimage on the shores of the gulf, and
in a climate congenial to their nature, and become blended
with the mixed population of Mexico. "Who is there that
will object, if all ol this unfortunate race shall thus gradu-
ally and peaceably finally be withdrawn from our republic?
Who will set himself up to oppose tbe decrees of the .Al-
mighty* Surely none in the North, for it will accomplish
what they propose to effect. Certainly none in the South,
for the love of liberty burns as purely, and the friends of
liberty are as earnest and ardent, there as m the North. Ncr
wili it have the ofl'ect to weaken the southern States either
in population or in wealth; on the contrary, it will improve
the one and increase the other. The value of our slaves
will be left behind in money or other wealth, and our coun-
try will be filled by an honest, hardy, and industrious pop-
ulation of whites, who are now crowding our shores, and
whom I, for one, welcome to our land. They will bring
with them their wealth and a love of liberty the more ardent
from having suffered under the iron rule oi oppression. The
southern States will be greatly the gainers, and will not ob-
ject to this gradual and natural change in the condition of
their population. The North -will be satisfied with it, and
thus a aifficulty be avoided and a question settled which
now threatens the most serious consequences. The North,
too, will be cleared of a degraded and wretched population,
with which they were now infested, crowding their hospit-
als and jails, and with which their large cities will be over-
run."— Vide Appendix to 11th i ol. Congressional Globe,
page 450.
No. 3.
Mr. Tibbatts, in the same speech above refer-
red to, in alluding to the effect of the extension of
territory on the permanency of the Union, remark-
ed as follows:
"I am aware, sir, that, by fome, it is declared that the re-
annexation of Texas will be inevitably a dissolution of the
Union, and that such a consequence is threatened. The
same absurd declarations and intemperate threats were
made with regard to the acquisition of Louisiana; but they
were not regarded then, nor ought they, nor will they, be
regarded now. How can that destroy the integritj and
dissolve the bonds of this Union, which is accomplished in
the manner and mode pointed out in the great charter of
our liberties—the constitution itself, by which the Union is
held together?—yes, sir, held together by ties of the most
indissoluble character. There is no danger, sir, of a disso-
lution of this Union. I regret, sir, that dissolution is a thing
olten lightly talked of at the present day , in some quarters,
on the most trivial occasions. But, sir, it will never be ac-
complished by the plots of fanatics and traitors. We are
united'together indissolubly by a system of equal rights and
privileges—by a common blood—by the ties of kindred—by
the necessity of a common defence—by common interests.
The simple fact that no State can better its condition, and
that any State must put itself into an infinitely worse one.
both injregkrd te its foreign and domestic relations, by a sep
aration from the Union, will prevent it in all time to corns*
