114
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
28th Cong 2d Sess.
Presidential Election—Mr. Clingman.
Jm. 1845;
"It is objected, tliatttur country is already too large, anil
that to extend it further would result in its severance. The
same prediction was made at the acquisition of Louisiana:
but tlie prophecy has met with a signal failure This posi-
tion is not entitled to the weight ot a feather against-rean-
nexation. The extent of territory is an argument in favor
and not against the measure. The experience of the past
has demonstrated that our system of confederated States is
capable of any decree of extension, which will he sufficient-
ly near to afford time to the most distant representatives to
attend the sittings of the national Congress; which, owing
to the improvements in navigation and the increased facili-
ties for travelling, will be conveniently done from the most
distant part of the republic. The extension of our territory
haa augmented, and Will continue to augment, the resources
of our government in an eminent degree; to strengthen its
power at home, and to increase its respectability and stand
ing abroad, to pievent consolidation on the one hand and
disunion on the other Every particular State is confident
of its strength, because its strength is that of the whole; and
having no fears or apprehensions from abroad, it is more
competent to direct a wise legislation to promote the inter-
ests, to protect the civil liberty, to improve the domestic re-
lations, and to secure the happiness of its people at
home. Has our government been weakened'' On the
contrary, has it not been strenghtened in eiery point
of view, by the purchase of Louisiana, and by the ad-
dition of new States? The addition of every new
State has added strength to the Union. Are the
twenty-six States weaker than the originahthirteen States
were? On the contrary, are they not infinitely stronger?
Are the new States less devoted to the Union, less anxious
for its preservation, than the original States > Do you evei
hear from the new States these threats of disunion'' No sir-
these threats proceed from the oldest, and once the most
patriotic States of the confederacy. No, sir; the new States
are distinguished for their love for, and devotion to the
Union; and any hint looking to its dissolution fills our hearts
in the West with sadness and grief. We will be ever ready
to defend, with our treasure and blood, the integrity of the
Union. Among our patriotic young men, a heroic Curtius
will never be wanting to plunge into the chasm, to devote
himself for the safety of his country, andiperish for the pres-
ervation of the Union. The argument? against the exten-
sion of our territory, drawn from the history and downfall
of ancient empires and republics, are in no way applicable
to the institutions of this country, or the extension which
we propose to make by the reannexation of Texas The an-
cient republics and empires extended their dominions over
other nations of different languages, customs, religions, and
interests, by conquest and the sword—nations which they
ruled with" the iron rod of a military despotism and reduced
to slavery, to grace the triumphs, and burdened with exac-
tions and taxations to support the glory and splendor of
their conquerors and oppressors; we, on the contrary, pro-
pose to take into a union of equal political rights, 'our
brethren and kinsmen of the same political opinions, having
the same interests, the same laws, the same customs and re-
ligion."
Mr. Madison, in the XIV No. of the Federalist,
says:
"All that remains, within this branch of our inquiries, is
to take notice of an objection that may be drawn from the
great extent of country which the Union embraces. A few
observations on this subject will be the more proper as it is
perceived that the adversaries of the new constitution are
availing themselves of a prevailing prejudice with regard to
the practicable sphere of lepublican administration, m order
to supply, by imaginary difficulties, the want of those solid
objections which they endeavor in vain to find.
"The error which limits republican government to a nar-
row district, has been unfolded and refuted in preceding pa-
pers. I remark here only that it seems to owe its rise and
prevalence chiefly to the confounding of a republic with a
democracy.
"As the natural limit of a democracy is the distance from
the {central point, which will just permit the most remote
citizens to assemble as often <is their public functions de-
mand, and will include no greater number than will join m
those functions, so the natural limit of a republic is the dis-
tance from the centre, which will barely allow the represent-
atives of the people to meet as often as may be necessary
for the administration of public affairs."
On the subject of making it a party question in
postponing it, Mr. Ti&batts, in the same speech,
remarked:
"But, sir, there is another portion of the people—and I am
one of them—which consists of many thousands of the peo-
ple ill the North and in the South, in the East and in the
West, confined to no particular section or party, who see
no reason for a postponement of this question; on the contra-
ry, they believe that there is an urgent necessity for prompt
and decisive and immediate action upon the question. This
party is looking out for a leader, and I ha\e no doubt will
soon find one. li this measure shall fail at the present ses-
sisn of Cong"res<5, os lam apprehensive it will, all these
friends of reannexation will befound, though now separated
by a very slight difference of opinion, coming together mar-
shaled under one leader, and battling under the same ban-
ner Politicians may strive, sir, but they will strive in vain,
to stay the torrent of popular feeling which j<i already in
motion on this momentous question. They may endeavor
to harness their followers; the press may be subsidized; par-
ty tactics may be put into requisition and operation, but it
will all avail nothing. Theie is a deed and abiding interest
among the people on this question •which cannot be ".moth-
ered. The tide of popular sentiment is i oiling onward, and
no power on earth can resist it it is sought to postpone
this question for a more decided expression of the public
will. Sir, the acquiescence of all parties in the repeated
etiorts to regain Texas, ever since the cession to Spain, is
expressive enough. We are told to wait until there is a
more urgent and extreme necessity Sir, the necessity is
urgent enough. We should provide to avoid an extremity
of need. Now, it may be done peaceably, and with little
comparative cost. Then, it may cost us millions of treasure
rivers of l?lood. Now, the question, if it is meritorious
H. of Reps.
in itself, can be best settled upon its own intrinsic propriety.
If it be delayed, it will become mingled in the party con-
flicts of the day. Texas must, at some time or other, m
some way, be incorporated with this confederacy. It can
now be done peaceably and with her consent; if we drive
her from us now, and lorceher, by ourrepulsion.intoaposi-
tion in which she may be compelled, by her necessities —
ah! sir, may I not say, indeed, by her inclinations, her feel-
ings outraged and soured by our unwise and unnatural con-
duct'?—into entangling alliances with Great Britain; then
sir, war with that power cannot be avoided; then, our peace
and safety will never be certain until, she is made ours by
conquest. Action now will only risk a possibility, and the
remotest possibility, of a war with Mexico. Postponement
will make a war with Great Britain inevitable. If we are to
wait until Mexico ^hall. acknowledge the independence of
Texas, it will never be accomplished. Mexico never will
she will never dare, acknowledge it, without the consent of
England, who holds a debt of some eighty millions ol dol-
lars against her, as an argument to support her kind coun-
sels; and England will not consent until, by her diplomacy,
she has established herself upon our southern border, to put
into practice her interference by counsel and advice with the
peculiar institutions of the southern States"
In relation to the designs of England, Mr. Tib-
batts said:
"What,sir, do the conversation in Parliament and this
letter of Lord Aberdeen amount to? We will not force Tex-
as to abolish slavwry; we greatly desire, however, that she
shall do so, and we desire to see it abolished in the United
States, but we will not stir up disaffection in the slavehold-
ing States, we will use all means of persuasion to induce
Texas to abolish it; we will be able, through Mexico, and
the terms we will offer to Texas, to place her in a position
that she cannot avoid; doing it; we will persuade Mexico
not to acknowledge her independence unless upon condi-
tions prescribed by us; Mexico is our debtor to an amount of
many millions, and dare not do it without our assent, unless
the independence ofTexas is, acknowledged b> Mexico, the
United States will not annex Texas to that confederacy;
Texas, driven from the shelter of her natural protector,
will not be able to resist our blanishments; she will
readily fall into our arms, we will sooth her outiaged feel-
ings; we will make her largo promises, and bestow upon
her munificient favors; we will pay to Mexico all that Mexi-
co can claim of her; we will cive to Texas ample time to
repay us; we will pay all of her debts, and on that scoie
place her out of trouble; we will ourselves become her sole
creditor, and will be an indulgent creditor, piovided she
will follow our counsels: we will go further, we will admit
her cotton and sugar and other productions free into our
ports; wf will guaranty her independence; we will enter
into treaties ofalliancc with her, offensive and defensive; in
effect, though not in name, we will make her a part of the
British empire, and will erect her into a great nation by
colonizing her beautilul country with our redundant popu-
lation; we will do all this and ask but little comparatively
in return—only to admit our manufactures on the most rea-
sonable terms—to prevent slaves from being brought from
the United States, and giddually to abolish slavery in Texas:
thus we will gam our advantage over the noithern manufac-
turers of the United States, and over the cotton growing re-
gion of the South, and, by destroying the outlet for the
slaves who are now (pushed southward by the encioach-
ments of free labor, we will hedge in and pen up their slaves
and their increase m so small a compass as that slavery will
become so intoleiable a curse in the United States as to re-
sult 111 a convulsion which will tear out her very vitals, and
overwhelm and bury her in carnage and blood* Is there a
man m this hall who does not see at a glance through this
whole conspiracy of my Lord Aberdeen and his associates?
Sir, it is but a light gair/e which covers these machinations
and tactics of British diplomacy."
* * * * *• #
'Though Mexico can never .reconquer Texas, Texas it-
self cannot stand alone. If we refuse to admit her back into
the Union-if she be driven from our doors when £he is
asking for admission—if she be repudiate <1 by her own race
and her own kinsmen,—she will be compelled to throw her-
self into the meretricious embraces of Great Britain, under
circumstance^ and bound by ties and obligations of treaties,
of such a character as must reflect dishonor upon us—as
must entail upon her and upon us the most dieastious con-
sequences. Any attempt on the part of Kngland to obtain
possession of any part of Texas, or to secure a commanding
control or influence over her councils, m ould be a just
cause of war on the part of the United States, and would
inevitably lead to that result. 'I h* interests of this country
must be materially affected by any great change in the
policy of Texas, and we are bound, by motives ol sell-pres-
ervation, to inteifere to preventit. On our northern boun-
daiy we have a British colon): is there any true American
who would be willing to see another on our southern? For
Texas there is but this alternative: she must either become
a part and parcel of the Union, or sfce must place herself
under the protection of Great Biitain Contiguous to us in
geographical position; having the same commercial inter
ests; producing the same staples; peopled principally by
emigrants front this country; inhabited by people of the
same blood: children of the same mother: bone of our lone
and ilesh or our flesh; speaking the same language; profess-
ing the same religion, and worshipping the same (Jod; at-
tached to us by every natmal affinity, cherishing the same
indomitable spirit offreedom: animated by the same love of
liberty; entertaining the same ideas ofgovefnment; identified
w ith us by every congenial tie, personal and political; like
Joseph of old, sold bj us, their brethren, into slavery,—
they have thrown off their shackles; they have worked out
their redemption; they have, in well-fought fields of battle,
ciowned themselves with glory, vindicated their rights,
w on back their liberties, and achieved their independence
They now anxiously ask us to receive them back to our
arms, from which we have unnaturally jthrust them. Shall
wo refuse them' Can we refuse them? No, sir. It is im-
possible that they can relapse into Mexican vassalage. We
can never suffer England to hold dominion over them in
fact or through hei diplomacy.'*
In relation to any interference by foreign nations
with the relations between this nation and others on
this continent, Mr. Tibbatts remarked:
"Then, no foreign power will interfere; England, wffl
not dare to interfere. What right w.nlf EngS
have to interfere, or to interpose obstacles to an
amicable adjustment between this government and Mex
ico' England, with all her grasping ambition, wilh-
all her arrogance of supreme power upon the seas, with all
her thirsting lust after dominion upon the Ian*—.will never
dare to do this thing. Never! sir, never! This government
has always, and will ever protest against it, and resent eve*y
species of foreign interference in the gelations between us
and the other republics on this continent. Such an inter-
ference must lead to war—inevitable war; and however
much I w ould deprecate a war between this country and
Kngland, or tjjiy othercountry, (because war should always
be avoided, if it can be done with safety and without dis-
honor,) y^t, sir, if it is to be avoided with England by yield-
ing up the rights of the Texians, and by ajust action on our
part forthepromotion ofourowninterests and the integri-
ty of this nation—il it is to be shunned by a tame submis-
sion to foreign interference in our relations with the
American republics, and in our social institutions—I say,
sir, Jet it come. But, sir, there need be no apprehension of
a war with England; she is the last country on earth to
seek a war with this>nation, to enforce an unjust interfer-
ence in American relations. The first blast of her war
trumpet, with such an object, on this continent, would be
the death-knell ofherpower; it would end m the loss of her
colonies, the dismemberment of her empire abroad, and
revolution at home. 'Her linked plots will be riven, dis-
dained by earth, and accursed by heaven.'"
SPEECH OF MR. CLINGMAN,
OF NORTH CAROLINA.
In the Hovsejif Representatives, Jam wry 6, 1845—On
the late presidential election.
Mr. Chairman: I shall leave it to those who
desire it to discuss the constitutionality or expedi-
ency of the proposed annexation of Texas. It is
not expected by any body that any practical result,
in the way of legislation, is to grow out of these pro-
ceedings. Doubtless you may be able, as was sug-
gested the other day by the gentleman from South
Carolina, to pass an abstract resolution, after the
fashion of your Baltimore convention, declaring that
Texas ought to be annexed as soon as practicable.
Your agitation of the matter is intended solely to
produce capital to operate on our elections at the
South during the present year, and I shall therefore
meet the question on its real and not its ostensible
merits.
The chairman of the Committee on Foreign Rela-
tions, [Mr. C. J. Ingersoi.l,] who opened the de-
bate, stated that there had been a very decidedmani-
festation of popular opinion in favor of, the annexa-
tion, and was pleased to refer to the late presidential
election as furnishing evidence of it. The gentle-
man from Illinois, [Mr. Douglass,] who immedi-
ately preceded me in the debate, declared, with
great vehemence, that the popular verdict ha3 been,
recorded in the favor of the measure, and that if
those who are now on this floor failed to earry out the
wishes of the people, they would be swept away by
a torrent of public indignation, and men be sent in
their places who were more faithful. If all this
were true, sir, it would furnish a strong argument
in favor of the measure, because, in a representative
icpubliclike ours, popular opinion is of the greatest
consequence. I shall endeavor to show, however,
that these gentlemen are totally mistaken in these
views; but to do so will oblige me to examine a good
deal in detail the causes which contributed to pro-
duce the result exhibited in that election.
I must, in the first place, however, ask the indul-
gence of the House for a few minutes, while I ad-
vert to a matter not directly connected with this
subject.
At the last session, when a proposition to repeal
the 25th rule was under consideration, it will be re-
membered that the debate was prolonged for nearly
three months; and a3 each speech was concluded,
more than twenty chivalric gentlemen sprang to
their feet, and struggled for an opportunity to mani-
fest their ardor in behalf of southern rights; and it
was only, sir, by resorting to the previous question
that we were able to terminate the debate before the
close of fhe session.
On the first day of the present session the gentle-
man from Massachusetts [Mr. Adams] gave notice
that he would, on to-morrow, introduce a proposi-
tion to abolish the rule. Thereupon the gentleman'
from Virginia [Mr. Dromgoole] likewise gave no-
tice that he would object to the reception of the res-
olution, because it would be out of order. -On the
succeeding day the gentleman from Massachusetts, -
in accordance with Ms promise, offered his resolu-
tion to rescind the rule; but the gentlemanfrom Vir .
ginia, though in his place, greatly to the surorise of
everybody, made no objection to its introouetipn. v
