Jan. 1845.
APPENDIX f 0 tm CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE,
115
28th Cojsg 2d Sess.
Presidential Election—Mr. Clingman.
H, of Reps.
If that gentleman, or any other member, had object-
ed to its reception, it could only have been gotten in
by a suspension of the rules; and it was well known
that a vote of two-thirds could not have been ob-
tained for that purpose. The proposition came in
without a word of objection from any quarter.
Thereupon a gentleman from Mississippi, acting
under the old dispensation of democracy, not hav-
ing, I presume, from his location in the far fouth-
west, seen the new i*evelation of light in the north-
east, moved'to lay the resolution on the table. A
vote was taken by yeas and nays; and his motion
was lost by a decided majority, making it evident
that the rule would be repealed. The Speaker sta-
ted the question to be on the adoption of the resolu-
tion to rescind the rule. The previous question had
not been ordered; and the matter was therefore open
for debate. 1 looked around to see what hold cham-
pion of the South would first sound the tocsin of
alarm. There, was a full array of the chivalry
around. There, in hi? seat on my right, was the
gentleman from South Carolina, [Mr. Khett,] who
at the last session declared, with so much eloquence
and zeal, that a repeal of the rule would be a virtual
dissolution of the Union.
There sat my colleague, [Mr. Saunders,] who
went off on this matter with a force that sent him
during the past summer over the entire State of
North Carolina, declaiming against the reception of
abolition petitions. There, too, were the gentlemen
from Georgia and other States, who vied with each
other in their denunciation of all those who did not
sustain the rule. There all of these gentlemen sat,
quiet and mute, as though nothing unusual was
taking place, and saw, with much seeming uncon-
cern, their favorite rule killed off by a large majori-
ty. Theiewasno burst of indignation; no excla-
mation to the South, "Sampson, the Philistines be
upon thee!1' Not even the note of a goose, to give
warning of the irruption of the Gauls. Were they
asleep, like the Roman sentinels of the olden timer
No, no, sir; they were awake, but they were false
watchmen of the South—traitor sentinels! I have a
right so to call them; for, m denouncing me at the
last session, some of them declared that any man
who did not sustain the rule by all proper means,
was a renegade and a traitor to the southern States.
According to the form of the logicians, the proposi-
tion would be as follows: Any southern man who
does not use his efforts to preserve the rule is a
renegade traitor. They were southern men, and
might have preserved the rule by objection at the
proper time, but would not do it. Therefore, they
are renegade traitors. Quoderat demonstrandum, as
the sophomores say.
How are wo, Mr. Chairman, to account for the
extraordinary change in the conduct of gentlemen
since the presidential election5 And I may also ask.
why is it that Leavitt, the abolition editor, who was
refused at the last session a seat among the reporters
of the House, is now the occupant of one of the best
positions m the hall?* I told you all at the last ses-
sion that this 25th rule was a humbug, getting to be
so well understood, that it would deceive nobody
much longer, and must soon be abandoned by its
authors. Will gentlemen come out frankly and
admit that all their parade at the last session was a
mere humbug—one of the most barefaced political
frauds ever attempted to be played off for party pur-
poses? If they will not admit this—if they still
insist that the rule is of any value, why did they
give it up without a struggle? Was it done
as compensation to their abolition allies in the
North, by whose aid they carried the great
States of New York and Pennsylvania, and
thereby elected Mr. Polk? I do not wish gentle-
st is due to the Speaker to state that he declared subse-
quently that he had not ubsignort to Mr. Leavitt, the aboli-
tion reporter, any seat in the hall-, but inasmuch as there
were a great number of applicants for reporter's seats, he
had not yet completed the arrangements and allotted the
seals amongthem-, and, until his assignment had been com-
pleted, his orders had been not to prevent any reporter from
entering the hall, and occupying temporarily one of the
seats. The rule of the House, No. 19, is m the following
words: "Vo person shall be allowed the privilege of the
hall under the character of stenographer, without a writ-
ton permission Irom the Speaker, specifying the part of
the hall assigned to him; and no reporter or stenographer
shall be admitted under the rules of the House unless
such reporter or stenographer shall state m writing lor
what paper or papers he is employed to report." As this
rule can only be changed by the House itself, and as the
reporter in question occupied the seat for some' weeks I
presumed, in common with other members who remarked
on the transaction, that he remained by express permis-
sion of the Speaker and not that there had been a sus-
pension of a standing rule of the House by the Speaker
tor so long a period.
men to evade this matter by their silence. If the
rule was worthless, why the "sound and fury" of
last session? If valuable, for what consideration did
they surrender it, except that just stated? They
must take one horn of the dilemina. They cannot
escape from it.
Ah! I beg pardon, Mr. Chairman. There is still
a third mode by which a part of these gentlemen
may get out of this difficulty. Seme of them may,
perhaps, excuse themselves by saying, if they had
-grumbled about this matter they might have been
expelled from the democratic party, and thus lost all
share of the spoils to be distributed from and after
the fourth of March next. Taking this view of the
case, sir, I frankly admit that these gentlemen de-
serve the sympathy of this House and of the coun-
try. Their fate, in being compelled to make such a
submission, is peculiarly hard, when it is remem-
bered from what quarter the principle of this rule
was originally derived. Mr. Senator Benton did
great injustice to John C. Calhoun when he
said, if common rumor be true, that the same
John C. Calhoun, so far from being a statesman,
had "never invented even a humbugThe fact
cannot be disputed that John C. Calhoun
was the first to take "the very highest ground
for the South;" the prime originator of the
policy of objecting to the reception of petitions, of
which the 25th rule is parcel. Hard then is the ne-
cessity which compels the peculiar followers of that
gentleman to make a burnt offering of the first and
only offspring of their idol. Considering, however,
the object for which the sacrifice was made, it is to
be hoped that they will derive as much consolation
as did Captain Dalgetty, who, when mourning the
loss of his old war-horse on a battle field, remem-
bered that he could convert the hide of the dead an-
imal into a pair of breeches. John C. Calhoun's
only humbug converted into breeches for his follow-
ers.*
Judging from the actron of the House on this sub-
ject, what is to become of the repeal of the tariff?
I can tell you, sir. If James K. Polk will give to a
few individuals that I could name such offices as
they desire, he will thereby effect such -a modifica-
tion of the tariff as to render it acceptable in the
main to the chivalric majority of the State of South
Carolina. Should these persons, however, fail to
get such portion of the spoils as they consider their
due, viz., the lion's share, then the tariff will be
found so intolerably oppressive that human nature
cannot bear it, and it must be nullified. Be not de-
ceived, sir, by all the declamation which we hear
from time to time; for all this is merely thrown out
to frighten Mr. Polk and his northern friends into a
good compromise with respect to the distribution of
the offices. Can this be accomplished without beg-
garing the other sections of the party? There are
not places enough in the gift of the executive to sat-
isfy the countless thousands of greedy office seekers.
This consideration forces upon my mind the great
danger which awaits your party; and, as a frank,
benevolent whig, I warn you of it.
Sir, it is a common remark that the members of
this so-called democratic party, however they may
take opposite sides on measures of policy, never
split in their votes, but always make a common
struggle on the election day. This is owing to the
fact which I had occasion to state at the last session,
that this party is "held together solely by the cohe-
sive power of public plunder;" and, therefore, when-
ever they are making a struggle to get into power,
it is a part of their general system of tactics that
each segment of the party should adopt that side of
any question that is strongest at home, and thereby
increase their chance of carrying the election.
Though not yet generally known throughout the
country, yet the matter is so well understood here
that it seldom excites a remark, though every week
furnishes conclusive evidence on that point. For
example: A gentleman from Pennsylvania some
time since charged the whigs with being less friend-
ly to a protective tariff than the democrats. Imme-
diately after him rose a gentleman from Alabama,
who declaimed furiously against the oppression of
the tariff of 1842, taking no notice of the gentleman
who was up just before him, but assailing furiously
* A story is told, by Paulding, I think, of an individual
who applied to Mr. VanBuren for the oiiice of Secretary of
State, but was told that it had already been promised to an-
other. He then continued asking for various oflices, in a
descending scale, until he came to the lowest, and was told
that the office m each instance had been already promised
to some one else. "Then, sir," said he to the President, "as
I am in a very needy condition, could you not give me a
pair of old breeches'?"
some unlucky whig who may have taken part in the
debate. Says the gentleman from Pennsylvania:
'Mr. Clay and the whigs are for reducing the pres-
ent duties on iron and coal, and prostrating the
great interests of Pennsylvania.'^ 'lhe gentleman
from Alabama shouts aloud: "The duties on iron
and coal, imposed by the present whig tariff, are so
oppressive that they cannot be borner but shall be
resisted." So far, however, are these gentlemen
from finding fault with each other, that each of
them, by his manner at least, seems to say to the
other: "God speed you, brother; you are working
bravely for democracy." As the speech of each of
them is intended for home consumption, it contains
no allusion to the remarks of the other; and, by
consequence, the constituent at the North sees from
the speech of his representative that the whig party
are opposed to the protection of home industry, and
to the existing tariff; while the planter of the South
is driven to madness by learning, in a similar man-
ner, how much he is oppressed by the present whig
tariff. However, therefore, the members of this par-
ty may differ about measures, they do not split in
their votes on the election day, and of course they
act together as long as they are out of power. But,
sir, very different is their condition when in power.
I have already indicated that they are held together
solely by the desire of office, and as there are not in
the government places enough for all, there will soon
be a real quarrel, and the disappointed will rote
against you. The only connecting tie being dis-
solved, the party will go to pieces. This, sir, is the
rock on which you are destined to split. Though a
political adversary, I warn you of the danger; but 1
frankly admit, sir, that I do not believe you will be
able to profit by my advice.
When the sub-treasury bill was under consider-
ation some time since, it will be remembered that in
the very short debate which was allowed on it, a
very wide range was taken by some of the speakers.
As I was not on that occasion permitted to occupy
the floor, I may, I trust without impropriety, advert
to some things that were said then. I do not pro-
pose, however, to discuss the merits of that meas-
ure. It was brought in by the committee at the last
session, and laid upon our tables, and though I, in
common with other whigs, called upon the majority
to take it up at once, and charged them with holding
it back till after presidential election, in order to de-
ceive the country as to their real intentions, yet it all
availed nothing, and it was permitted to sleep quiet-
ly on our tables till the close of that session. And
when, during the past summer, we charged the par-
ty with designing to pass this measure again as soon
as they had the power to effect it, yet it was, as if
by common consent, stoutly denied by their parti-
sans all over the country. They affirmed that thia
measure, having been condemned by the American
people in 1840, had been abandoned, and, as a proof
of it, referred to the fact that, with an immense ma-
jority in this House, the party refused to pass.
Now, however, the election being over, just as I had
occasion to predict perhaps fifty times in the polit-
ical debates of the past year, this very bill is taken
up before any other matter of importance, and in a
few hours forced through the House, and passed
under the gag of the previous question. It is pro-
claimed that the people have decided in its favor at
the late election; and we are told, with that insolence
which the large majority here has inspired, that we
whigs ought to sit inute and make no objection to
its passage. So far is it from being true that the
people, by' their late vote, have decided in its favor,
I venture to affirm that if the party had dared to
pass it last spring, and thus directly made an issue
011 it, the result of the election would have been dif-
ferent. The country understands this matter too
well. It is known to be a measure which will place
in the hands of the President the money-power of
the country, and which would, in the progress of a
few years, convert the government into a practical
despotism.
I propose now, Mr. Chairman, to follow the ex-
ample of some of the debaters who have discussed
the issues involved in the late election, and the effect
of the popular verdict. At the termination of the
late session of Congress, when I left this city,
though I was sanguine as to the general result, I
knew that we were to be hardly pressed at the South.
James K. Polk, the nominee of our opponents, was
understood to be, and had always been, opposed to
any other than a mere revenue tariff, and was avow-
edly in favor of the immediate annexation of Texas.
. Though I knew that the position of the whig party
was right on both these questisns, yet, inasmuch ag
