116
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
Jan. 1845
28th Cong 2d Sess.
Presidential Election—Mr. Clingman.
H. of Reps.
it had formerly beep the custom of southern politi-
cians in the main todeneunce all tariffs, and the pol-
icy even of incidental protection had rarely been ad-
vocated, I feared that the time intervening before the
election was too short to enable us fully to enlight-
en the public mind with respect to the character of
the act of 1842, and our position in relation to its
policy.
There was also, in many quarters of the southern
part of th* Union, a strong feeling in favor of the
annexation of Texa«, and I also apprehended that
there would hardly be time enough for the people to
becomc fully acquainted with the terms of the pro-
posed annexation, and to understand clearly the po-
sition of the presidential candidates with respect to
the question. Tfiough we whigs of the South knew
that it had fallen to our lot to defend the point of
greatest pressure, yet we went into the contest with
a determination and' a spirit worthy of the noble
cause in which we were engaged, and which, but for
causes that we had no reason to anticipate, would
have afforded a success fully equal to ail our hopes.
At the North this state of things was reversed.
Our candidate occupied the side of these questions
that was most popular with both parties in that re-
gion, and we had a right to anticipate a gain in that
quarter, equal at least to any loss that might be sus-
tained with us. Nor did I feel any serious doubts
as to the result until we saw the developments of
the month of September. Then it was that the ex-
traordinary spectacle was presented to the world of
a convention of the so-called democratic party in
the State of New York, which openly, and with a
degree of impudenco till then unseen, in solemn
form, repudiated the leading principles avowed in
their national convention, and at the same time de-
clared their determination to support its presidential
nominee. It likewise nominated for the office of
governor of that State Silas Wright, whose views
were, on both of these great questions, directly op-
posite to those of James Jt. Polk. Mr. Polk de-
clared himself utterly opposed to the tariff of 1842,
and in favor of the immediate annexation of Texas;
while Silas Wright had voted for the tariff of 1842,
and had likewise voted against the annexation of
Texas; and these two individuals were voted for on
the same ticket, in order that no man might be so
silly in future as to doubt but that the said demo-
cratic party was held together solely by the love of
office, or, in language that lias now become classi-
cal, "the cohesive power of public plunder."
A similar state of things was exhibited in Penn-
sylvania; and I have heard democratic members of
this House speak laughingly of seeing in that State
numberless banners with the inscription borne on
them of "Polk, Dallas, and the democratic tariff of
1842." Yes, sir, and when the whigs attempted to
set this matter right, they were told by the honest
but ignorant yeomanry of that State, that they
could not believe that Mr. Polk was opposed to the
tariff, because they had been assured by their
leaders—the men in whom they had been accus-
tomcd to confide—that he was much more favorable
to a protective tariff than was Mr. Clay. The po-
litical leaders of the party in these two States, as
well as elsewhere at the North, humiliated them-
selves so for as to come into the support of a man
who had been forced upon them by a small, and,
till then, contemned minority of their own party,
and whose opinions were directly the reverse of
those which they themselves had publicly professed.
But they did not stop here. Lest their prostitution
should go unrewarded, and to sccure as many
accomplices in political crime as possible, they
seem to have deliberately entered into a scheme
of nusrcpicsentation and fraud. To bring to
the support of a man whose principles, if he had
any, were hostile to the views of the great
mass of their followers, they deliberately resolved
to misstate the principles of that man, as if they
could thus turn wrong into right, and make that
true which was false. By false declarations, stea-
dily persevered in, (hey deluded the ignorant, who
trusted to their truth. To further their conspiracy,
their candidate, worthy of his party, wrote in
phrases indefinite, unmeaning, vague, ambiguous,
doubled-faced as the. responses of the old liclpliic
oracle. When inquiries from any quarter whatever,
were put to him which would have elicited a defi-
nite answer, he remained mute, and permitted ine
truth to be trampled under foot. Mr. Chairman,
there are recorded many instances of individual
misrepresentation, dishonor, and breaches of faith,
by those who previously enjoyed the public con-
fidence; but, sir, the history of the world affords no
other instance of a total destitution of a moral
sense, exhibited by so large a number of individu-
als, no example of fraud and falsehood on a scale
so extensive. To furnish materials to the active
agents, there was established in this city a mint
managed by—it is not necessary for me here to say
whom, for it is too well known to all around. That
establishment worked with amazing rapidity, and
threw off every variety offalsehoods. To the North,
for example, it sent infamous libles on the whig
candidates, such as were supposed best calculated to
array against them all the profligate factions there—
especially the unprincipled abolitionists; while to
the South was directed handbills, warning the peo-
ple of that section, that imminent danger was im-
pending, and that, if the whigs came into power,
^slavery would be abolished, and all the interests of
the South utterly prostrated. These publications
were thrown out purposely on the eve of the elec-
tion, in order that they might not be contradicted.
They were signed by no name, or the name of an
unknown irresponsible person. If, therefore, one
of them found its way to a region for which it had
not been intended, its parentage was stiffly denied,
and it was affirmed and certified to be a whig forge-
ry. For some weaks before the election, these hand-
bills were scattered far and wide. I wondered at
their numbers, for they covered the land like the
locusts of Egypt. 1 have since been informed that
several and "perhaps all of the departments of the
government were constantly employed to aid the
party in their distribution. One of the heads of
department, I am credibly informed, franked them
in packages weighing, in some instances, as much
as a thousand pounds. As far as 1 know, however,
the circulation of these things produced little im-
pression in my own State, or in the southern coun-
try generally. It is the custom there for men of op-
posite parties to debate political questions face to
face before the people, and the voters thus have a
better chance to ascertain the viewn of parties and
of their candidates. It is true, that our adversaries
sometimes attempted to deny Mr. Polk's views as
to the sub-treasury, and other questions, but these
denials were seldom successful. Sir, I never yet
have met a man that I could not, in a day or two's
debate, by continued question,cross-examination,and
denunciation, compel to admit the truth, when 1 had
documentary or other plain evidence to establish it.
Providence seems to have denied to man the power
to persist in falsehood with the same, steadiness of
eye anil countenance with which truth can be main-
tained. I doubt if Talleyrand himself, who used
to say that language was given to men to enable
them to conceal their thoughts, could persevere suc-
cessfully in falsehood during the whole, of one of
our southern campaigns.
At the North, the mode, of conducting a canvass
is different. The, speakers on opposite sides sel-
dom, if ever, meet each other in debate. The meet-
ings being composed of one, party only, the matter
thrown out goes uncontradicted alike, whether H be
truth or falsehood, and the, members of either party
adopt the views of their own speakers. To the
uninformed, however honest they may be, the best
authenticated document carries no more evidence of
its truth than the libel representing both by pictures
and writing, Mr. Clay hanging the three Dutch-
men, which was so extensively circulated in Penn-
sylvania.
If this state of things continues, our constitution
of government is virtually at an end. Our tcpubh-
can system is based Upon the principle that those,
who exercise power here represent and carry out,
under the, constitution, the views of the people.
But if the matter be so managed that the great mass
of the voters do not and cannot ascertain the views
of the candidates before, them, the consequence fol-
lows that those elected do not, in fact, represent the
people, and our republican form of government is
virtually abolished. As a means of averting, to
some extent, at least, this great evil, let the practice,
of requiring the speakers on both sides to confront
each other in debate be generally adopted. To
effect this, let there be a union of all those who de-
sire truth to prevail, who wish to see our free, con-
stitution preserved in substance as well as in form,
and who desire that the blessings of liberty should
be, transmitted to those who are to come after us.
At any rate, 1 call upon every whig to adopt this
mode, publish vour appointment, and challenge
your opponents to meet you. If they to meet you,
denounce them as being afraid of such investiga-
tion, because they know that the facts arc against
them. Persevere in this course, and they will be
compelled by public opinion, yes, by their owij
followers, to meet you; for there are in the hearts of
our countrymen of all parties, a desire to know the
truth, and a generous love of fair play.
I am now brought, Mr Chairman, to the considera-
tion of another most important matter in connection
with the late presidential canvass. After the nom-
inations in the spring, the whig party held many -
large political meetings, at which there was much
able and eloquent discussion. Our orators went
through many parts of the country, and debated
most successfully the principles pf the two parties.
All this was well, for it secured to our standard a
vast majority of the intelligent and reflecting portion
of the Union. But this alone, as the event has
shown, was not sufficient; Resting on the goodness
of our cause, the soundness of the principles ad-
vocated by us, and the belief that the wisdom of our
measures would bring a majority of the voters to the
support of our candidate, we neglected that com-,
plcte organization in detail which was necessary to
prevent undue influence and imposition on the
voters at the election.
Since the beginning of the world, regularly train-
ed soldiers have always been able to beat raw mili-
tia. Hence, when any one nation keeps up a well-
disciplined standing army, the neighboring States
must adopt a similar system or be overpowered.
This truth, so universally admitted with respect to
military affairs, has not been generally understood
in its bearing on elections in a country like ours. In
every part of the Union there are some in-
dividuals whose opinions are not so firmly fixed but
what they may be changed at or about the time of
the election. This may be brought about in various
ways. A man, naturally irresolute or unstable in
his purposes, may be persuaded; one not- informed
as to the principles and conduct of the candidates,
maybe deceived by artful misrepresentation; the dis-
honest are liable to be biased by improper influ-
ences. These classes constitute what is sometimes
denominated the floating vote—that is, a vote which
is liable to be easily changed from one party to ano-
ther. It is, doubt ess, largest in great cities, and va-
ries considerably in different sections. But every-
where there are those who, by persuasion, misrep-
resentation, fraud, or other means, may be induced
to vote differently from what they intended a short
time previous to the election. The number of these
individuals are sufficiently laige to decide the result
in all closcly-contcsted elections. Take, as an ex-
ample the great State, of New York in the late pres-
idential election. There were cast in all about four
hundred and eighty thousand votes, and the majori-
ty for Mr. Polk was some five thousand th ee hun-
dred. If twenty-seven hundred of those who actu-
ally voted for Mr. Polk had changed to Mr. Clay,
the electoral vote of the State would have been giv-
en to the latter gentleman, and he would have there-
by been elected President. Or, upon the supposi-
tion that on'e voter for every hundred and seventy-
five that actually voted had cast a different ballot, it
would have varied the result of the election. Takings
the whole State over, it will not be questioned by
any one that there is a much larger proportion than
the one hundred and seventy-fifth part of the voters
there whose views on political matters were not so
fixed as to prevent their being influenced at the time
of the election. Though of course not unaware of
this condition of things to some extent in all the
States, yet the whig party has in the main relied on
the justness of its cause, and the voluntary exer-
tions of its individual members to counteract improp-
er influences. Our adversaries, however, have been
practising on a very different system. They have
acquired a skill and discipline in party tactics un-
known to any other faction that has existed in this
country. Whether this system was perfected in
the State of New York, and brought into the ad-
ministration of the federal government by Mr. Van
Iluren, as some suppose, I shall not now stop to
inquire. As at present organized, the so-called dem-
ocratic party, though it allows the individuals
composing it to profess such opinions on
all measures of legislative policy as they may
think it most advantageous to adopt, yet it requires
the utmost fidelity in all party manieuvres, especially
in elections. To stimulate this feeling, the offices
are promised to those who may have rendered the
party the most efficient service. Each member is
lequired to stand by his party at all hazards, though
in so doing, he should act in opposition to the best
inteiests of the country. In turn, the party will
stand by him, and protect him from the consequences
of any crime he may commit, provided it be done for
