Jan. 1845.
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
117
28th Cong 2d Sess
Presidential Election—Mr. CHngman.
H. of Reps.
the benefit of the party. A thousand instances
might be given, to establish the truth of this conclu-
sion. I will refer, however, only to a single one,
of recent occurrence, in my own State. When our
legislature, now in session, assembled, there was
a tie between the parties in the Senate. Each party
was of course desirous of electing a Speaker and
other officers. According to the old and wellrsettled
law of the State, each member elect was bound to
produce, before his qualification, the certificate of
the sheriff of his having been electcd. But one,
who claimed to be a democratic senator, was not
provided with such certificate, and the fact became
known through the indiscretion of those friehds
that he consulted in his dilemma. When the time
came for the opening of the first day's session, this
individual, much to the surprise of his political ad-
versaries at least, presented a forged certificate in the
usual form, was qualified as a senator, and took, his
seat. It was five days before the body was organ-
ized by the election of a Speaker, &c. A commit-
tee was raised to investigate the affair. They, upon
evidence of the most conclusive character, reported
that the certificate had been forged either by the sen-
ator or by his procurement, and knowingly used by
him to impose on the Senate, and recommended his
expulsion. The vote of the Senate was unanimous
on the first resolution, declaring the certificate a for-
gery; but upon the second, declaring that he ought
to be expelled, every member of_his party voted in
the negative, thereby saying that, though Jie had
committed forgery, he was not in their opinion un-
worthy to sit with them. After his expulsion by
the casting vote of the whig speaker, his party,
taking advantage of the accidental absence of two or
three whigs, within a few days moved and carried a
proposition to strike out from the journals the re-
port, proceedings, &c., that had taken place, with a
view of inserting in their stead the speech of his
counsel made in his defence at the bar of the Senate.
A stranger would perhaps be surprised to learn that
many of these individuals, in the relations of private
life, are esteemed honest and honorable men. No-
thing could show more conclusively their devotion
to their party than that they should thus be able to
overcome their natural aversion to crime, and thus
endeavor to countenance and protect the criminal,
because that crime had been committed for the ben-
efit of the party. Sir, it gives me no pleasure to refer
to this occurrence. We formerly flattered ourselves
that, however mischievous locofocoism might be-
come in other sections, there was in North Carolina
and other parts of the South a regard for public
opinion, and a feeling of personal honor among its
leading members, which would keep it somewhat
within the bounds of decency. But it is a tree
which bears the same fruit in every climate. Its
late exhibitions will arouse the indignation of the
virtuous yeomanry of the old North State. But, sir,
I shall pursue this illustration no further. I wished
simply to call your attention to the nature of the
bond which connects this so-called democratic
party. To show the extent to which its organiza-
tion has been carried, I refer you to the secret "Cir-
cular from the Executive Committee of the Demo-
cratic Association of Washington city," issued last
September. I would read the whole of it if I did
not know that its contents were well understood by
most if not all on this floor. Its first four sections,
as you know, provide for the organization of a dem-
ocratic association, by whatever name they choose
to call it, in "every county, city, ward, town, and
village throughout the Union;" the appointment of
executive committees, captains, lieutenants, and
democratic minute-men—that is, "men who aie
willing to serve the democracy at a minute's warn-
ing." Their first class of duties is prescribed in sec-
tions five and six, in the following words:
"o. That the captain and lieutenants, with such minute '
men as may be detailed for the service, proceed forthwith s
to make out two libts--one of all the voters in the company ,
bounds, designating the democrats, whigs, and the aholi- ■
tionists, putting into a separate column, headed 'doubtful,' t
the names of allwho&e opinions are unknown, and all of i
every party who are easily managed^m their opinions or 1
conduct; the other hst to embrace all minors approaching I
maturity, and all men not entitled to vote " !
' o. I hat a copy o{ these lists be furnished to the execu- I
tive committee of each democratic association within the
election precinct."
Section seven directs these officers and minute
men to circulate all papers that may influence the '
doubtful men. Section eight makes it the duty of !
the minute-men to get all the doubtful men to their '
meetings. Sections nine, ten, eleven, and twelve '
are as folio ws: ' i
"9. That the captain of the democratic miaute-men ap- |
point a time and place of rendezvous, early on the first
morning of election, and detail minute-men to wait upon,
and if possible, bring with them every doubtful voter within
the company bounds.
"10. That, if practicable, some suitable refreshments be
provided for the company at the place of rendezvous, and
their ardor kindled by patriotic conversation: that each man
be furnished with a ticket with the names of the democrat-
ic electors; that it be impressed upon them that the first
great business of the day is to give their votes; that .they
are expected and required to march to the polls in a body,
and in perlect silence; to avail themselves of the first op-
portunity to vote, and never separate until evcry-member
of the company has voted.
"11.- That if any democrat be absent from the rendezvous,
the captain despatch a minute-man forthwith to bring him
to the polls.
"12. That the captains and lieutenants provide before-
hand means for conveyance for such democrats as cannot
otherwise get to the polls.
Without going further with this matter, Mr.
Chairman, I have read enough to afford an accurate
idea of this system of organization. That it would
be most effective in practice is obvious, when it is
remembered that there are in every country some
who, from want of indecision of character, maybe
persuaded—some who, from honest credulity and
want of political knowledge, can be imposed upon
by artfully-framed documents or verbal misrepre-
sentation; while others may be overcome by the in-
fluences of what are called "refreshments" or oth-
er means. This or some similar plan of organiza-
tion was adopted in many parts of the country. In
the State of Tennessee, as I have been informed by
what 1 regard as first-rate democratic authority, the
following was the mode relied on: There was about
fifteen hundred civil districts in that State, in each of
which there is a precinct for voting. In each
one of these districts the democratic party select-
ed five individuals, who were, by their com-
bined exertions prior to and on the election day,
to endeavor to change two voters in each district,
which in the whole State would amount to three
thousand, and, taken from the whig to the demo-
cratic side, would make a difference of six thousand
in the result. By this means they hoped to over-
come the majority of four thousand which had been
cast against iVIr. Polk the year previous. That this
scheme felled is solely owing to the fact that in that
State the whigs were more zealous, more active, and
better organized than they were in the other States.
Nothing gives such confidence and spirit to an in-
dividual, as the knowledge that his efforts will be
seconded and sustained by all the members of his
party. It is a similar thought which gives courage
to a soldier going into battle in the ranks of veter-
ans, whom he knows and confides in, that he would
not feel in the midst of a body of raw militia.
The leading members of the democratic party, be-
ing in the late canvass well aware that the system
of whig policy was approved by a majority of the
people of the Union, and that their nominee had al-
so a vast personal superiority in the estimation of
every body over Mr. Polk, felt that the issue, if de-
termined with respect cither to measures or men,
would be decided against them. They therefore
called into exercise to the fullest extent their sys-
tem of party organization, to obtain as many votes
as possible for their candidate, and showed them-
selves devoid of all scruples as to the mode in which
these votes were to be procured.
But, Mr. Chairman, our opponents did not con-
tent themselves with merely obtaining the votes of
individuals. They also courted and won over all
the various smaller factions of the Union. It is the
natural tendency of these in every country to array
themselves against the strongest party. The whig
party was, as all will concede, the stronger, and it
stood firmly on well-known and fixed principles.
With these principles none of the factions of the
country haimonized. But the democratic party !
avowedly stood oil no general system of principles I
with respect to the administration of the govern- I
ment. It contained m its body men who professed
opposite opinions on every political question. Its \
broad and catholic spirit could receive in its bosom !
the members of every faction without obliging them
to sacrifice or modify any of their professed opin- '
ions, in short, it was a fit receptacle for the fra - '
ments of all factions, and it wooed them in the man- :
ner best calculated to win.
The abolition party had nominated as its candi-
date for the presidency James G. Birney; but the
democratic party likewise afterwards nominated j
him for the legislature of Michigan. He accepted j
this nomination, and by that means, or perhaps by j
more solid appliances, he was induced to use his i
influence with his party in behalf of Mr. Polk. In 1
his published letters befoie the election—I allude not I
to the spurious, but to his genuine ones—he de-
clared that, though opposed both to Mr. Clay and
Mr. Polk, yet he much more deprecated the elec-
tion of Mr. Clay, because, being a man of greatly-
superior abilities, he was always able to lead his
party, and would do much more to retard and over-
throw abolition principles than Mr. Polk, whom he
spoke of as a man of no talent, incapable of con-
trolling his party, and powerless as against abolition.
Mr. Speaker, when I first read these letters, I saw-
that they were so ingeniously framed that they
would have the desired effect with the abolition par-
ty. Nay, sir, they take the precise view of the mat-
ter -which a sagacious 'sincere abolitionist would.
Nothing surely could be more fatal to the progress,
and even existence of that faction, than the admin-
istration of a man of the lofty patriotism, splendid
abilities, vast personal popularity, moderation, and
firmness of Henry Clay; giving, as such an admin-
istration would do, that confidence, repose, and pros-
perity which the country so much needs. On the
contrary, all little factions vegetate and thrive under
the weak, vacillating administration of a feeble man.
Rightfully or wrongfully, however, as it may be
deemed, it is certain that these views of Birney, and
like efforts on the part of the democratic party, had
the desired effect on the mass of the abolition party.
The States of New York, Pennsylvania, .and per-
haps others, were carried for Mr. Polk, and, as our
candid political adversaries admit, the abolitionists
have made the President.
So strong, however, sir, was the whig party in
the country, that even this manoeuvre would not
have defeated us had it not been for other similar
artifices. Nearly one hundred thousand foreigners are
estimated to arrive annually in the United States;
of this number a very large proportion are Roman
Catholics. By means which time does not permit
me to recount, but the most insidious and unjustifia-
ble, the democratic party succeeded m inducing
them to band themselves together and rally to the
support ef Mr. Polk. Some of them avowed their
preference for him because his free-trade policy was
more favorable to the interest of the mother' coun-
tries from which they came than was Mr. Clay's.
Others openly proclaimed on their banners that they
would not be ruled by Americans. As evidence of
the sort of feeling which- has been inculcated into
the minds of the most ignorant of them, I may be
pardoned for mentioning a little incident that occur-
red in the room of a friend to whom 1 chanced to be
making a visit. While making his fire, the Irish
porter inquired when Mr. Polk would come on to
the city. "I am told," he added, "that he is a great
friend to us poor foreigners; we elected him, and we
can do most anything when we all try." Sir, had
the foreign Catholics been divided in the late elec-
tion, as other sects and classes generally were, Mr.
Clay would have carried by a large majority the
State of New York, as also the States of Pennsylva-
nia, Louisiana, and probably some others in the
northwest. Not only did we have to contend
against the influence of foreigners here, but British
gold was openly and profusely used to promote Mr.
Polk's election, professedly with a view of breaking
down the tariff and promoting the sale of their man-
ufactures in this country. All the world may inter-
fere in our domestic matters. With one hand Great
Britain stimulates the abolitionism of the North,
with a view of desolating the South, or forcing a
dissolution of the Union; and with the other, under
the influence of motives equally selfish, she seeks to
array the planting and farming interest of the coun-
try against the tariff, and thereby break down the
manufacturing establishments of the North. And
we, as a nation, sit stupidly quiet while she foments
for her own advantage our domestic dissensions.
Our political opponents, likewise, derived acci-
dentally great advantage from the official patronage
of the present administration. Usually tne oppo-
nents of the acting President have, as a counterpoise
to his direct influence, the advantage of holding his
administration responsible before the country for its
errors or crimes. But ill the present instance the
acts of the executive, though heart and soul com-
pletely identified with the democratic party, because
he had not been electcd by them, were, whenever it
suited their purpose, disavowed. He thus occupied
a position of seeming neutrality between the two
parties, and was able to luvn to jk-co«nt the power
in his hands, tie accordingly everted to (he utmost
the power which lie possessed over them, going even
to the odious extent practised in Mr. Van Bui-en's
time, of compelling men, on pain of iliemiXH.il fiom
office, to contribute a part of their fwlarie.s to neate
