118
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
Jan. 1845.
28th Cong.....2d Sess.
Presidential Election—Mr. Clingman.
H. of Reps.
a fund to be used in favor of Mr. Polk's election.
At three several assessments- of 1 per cent, each of
salary in the custom-house, §15,000 is said to have
been raised. One of the officers there, John Orser,
is said to have presented to the Empire Club several
hundred hickory clubs, to enable them to beat away
from the polls the whig voters, for which laudable
act he seems to have received a vote of thanks from
said Empire Club.
To ascertain the extent of this influence upon the
whole country is not easy, but the number of office-
holders in the State of New York alone is such as to
account for a greater number of votes than Mr.
Polk's actual majority there.
From Mr. Clay's character, political experience,
and associations, it was known that his selections
for office would be made from the best men in the
country. All of the old defaulters, therefore—all
mere needy adventurers, without character to sup-
port their claims for office, having nothing to hope
from him, naturally arrayed themselves on the other
side.
Without doubt, too, they are right, to some ex-
tent, who attach weight to another influence, not
properly political, to wit, that the gambling portion
of the community finding, at the beginning of the
canvass, that they could not get persons to bet
against Mr. Clay, did so themselves, with large
odds in their favor, and afterwards devoted a portion
of the many millions staked to effect the result de-
sired by them. .
Yet, with all the acquisitions and advantages
which I have been recounting, our adversanes were
too prudent to rest secure. They knew that the
constitution had provided no mode by which the
fsirness of a presidential election could be contested;
no means of purging the poles of illegal votes. If a vote
were received by the inspectors of the election at each
precinct, and by person them returned, it mattered not
whether the person professing to give it were qualified
to vote or not at thatplace. They, therefore, by means
of the system of organization already described, de-
liberately formed a widely extended plan for the
purpose of procuring a sufficient number of illegal
votes to carry States enough to secure the election
of Mr. Polk. Their first demonstration seems to
have been made in the city of Baltimore in the Oc-
tober election. There it was that they gave a vote
so much larger than was ever polled at any previous
election as to satisfy all persons that fraud had been
practised. Investigations since then have made it
manifest that the increased vote was owing, not on-
ly to the fact that many persons voted not author-
ized at all to vote there, but that, likewise, those
qualified had, in some instances, voted two, three, or
more times, at different precincts in the city. About
fifty persons have already been convicted and sen-
tenced to punishment for this offence by the courts,
not one of whom is a whig, though they have been
pardoned from time to time by the democratic gov-
ernor there. The fraud here was but the precursor
of what followed.
The great State of New York claims the first no-
tice. During the past year, there were naturalized
there not less than 7,000 foreigners. This was effect-
ed entirely by the democratic party, the whigs having
no office provided for that purpose, because, as
I learn, there is not one of these foreigners out of
fifty who will vote the whig ticket. Of this large
number, a great proportion, not having been five
years in the country, could not be legally natural-
ized, and their votes, therefore, when given, were il-
legal.
Men who had not been one month m the country,
from the penitentiaries of Europe, unacquainted
even with the language in which they were sworn,
voted for what they knew not.
But the principal frauds were practised by what is
called double voting. The city of New York was
the great theatre where this was consummated. As
the Empire Club bore such a prominent part in
these transactions, I must devote a remark or two to
it. It was organized in July last, and it consisted
of gamblers, pickpockets, droppers, burners, tlnm-
ble-riggers, and the like, and its association seems
to have been then mainly for the purpose of carry-
ing on successfully these and similar trades. Most
of its members had been repeatedly indicted for
crimes. Its general character, however, may be
sufficiently inferred from that of some of its officers.
Its president was Isaiah Rynders, often arrested for
thimble-rigging and similar offences. Tie and Jo-
seph Jewell, being indicted for murder, fled from
New York to New Orleans. By the by, I may
here mention that this Jewell, who lias indictments
for murder in two different cases hanging up
against him, was the standard bearer of the club,
and figured as the standard bearer of the Texas
banner in the processions. These worthies had not
"been long in New Orleans before they found it con-
venient to leave, being charged with stealing treas-
ury notes. They came to this city, and were ar-
rested and sent back in irons by order of Captain
Tyler. I mention this circumstance to show the
mutations of the times; for since the election this man
Rynders, having become a great man among the
democracy, has not only dined with Benjamin F.
Butler, when the electoral vote was given to Mr.
Polk at Albany; not only has he received a compli-
mentary ball from the chairman ofthe democratic gen-
eral committee of the city of New York, but, hav
ing come on with his friend Jewell to this place for
an office, as I am told, if the papers are to be relied
on, he has been cordially received at the White
House. Whether President Tyler or President
Rynders then remembered the ironing, is not, how-
ever, chronicled. But I am digressing. John J.
Austin, vice president ofthe club, has likewise pend-
ing against him an indictment for murder, and was
likewise implicated in the charge of stealing tras-
ury notes. Woolridge, its secretary, but recently
came out of the penitentiary. William Ford, one
of its directors, in the short interval of time which
elapsed between the publication of a notice of one
of its processions and the arrival of the day of pa-
rade, was indicted by the grand jury in seven cases,
rape and burglary being among the offences. Be-
ing put in the Tombs, he unfortunately lost the op-
portunity of figuring on that occasion. Soon after
tried and convicted of the first named crime, he was
sent to the penitentiary, but, his services being val-
uable to the party, he was immediately pardoned
and turned out by his democratic excellency Gov.
Bouck. 1 may remark, too, that this official digni-
tary, a short time before the election, restored to
their political rights all the criminals in the State,
and pardoned a great number who were in the pen-
itentiary.
This Empire Club, constituted as 1 have related,
for some time devoted its energies to the prosecution
of the laudable objects for which it had been origi-
nally orgaru/.ed. 'Several weeks, however, before
the election, the democratic loaders thought it could
be effectively employed in the political canvass, and
they thereupon took its members into pay. These
gentry being furnished with money thus by other
means, abandoned for a time their peculiar avoca-
tions, and some of the neutral papers of the city
made the subject of remark the disappearance of
these particular classes of crime. Their numbers
rapidly increased from one or two hundred to not
less than eight hundred, in fact, they boasted that
they had three thousand men enrolled. This club,
with other members of the democratic parly, per-
fected the most extensive system of fraudulent vo-
ting ever known. Sir, in what I have been stating,
and what I am now about to state, I speak from in-
formation derived in part from public sources, but
mainly from private ones: sources, however, on which
I fully rely. I have taken pains to get accurate in-
formation. If there be error in any of my state-
ments, (which I am not prepared to admit,) I desire
to be contradicted. One of my objects is to provoke
investigation into this matter. If anything which 1
can say or do here should induce this House to or-
der an investigation into this whole transaction, I
shall think ( have done the country much service.
Let gentlemen meet me on this ground.
In the city of New York there are more than sev-
enty places at which votes are given in. 1 under-
stand, sir, that one prominent feature of this plan
was, that in each of the seventeen wars into which
the city is divided, there were one hundred and
twenty picked men, each of whom was to leave his
own ward and go to one where he was least known,
on the evening before the election. Staying one
night there enabled him to make oath that he resi-
ded in that ward, and he was permitted to vote
there. He then returned to his own ward, and vo-
ted there without being questioned. But these two
thousand and forty persons, however, formed but a
part of those who voted more than once. From the
infoimation which I have received, 1 think that an
investigation will show that there were companies
of men who voted, in some instances, as much
as sixteen times each. It Was the calculation of
the managers to give fourteen thousand illegal
votes in the city, and they admit that they got
in eleven thousand. A portion of these votes
were excluded at some of the boxes, by the whigs
requiring them to state, on oath, if they had not al-
ready voted. This being an unusual question, of-
fended many of them, and they retired with digni-
fied disdain. The Workingman's Advocate, a demo-
cratic paper ofthe city, has admitted that the party
agreed to give five dollars for every vote after the
first one, which any individual conld get in. Many
ofthe gamblers predicted what* occurred afterwards
with wonderful accuracy. One of them, who hap-
pened to be a whig, informed a prominent individ-
ual in the city, from whom I received the statement,
long before the election, of the plan, and likewise
notified him that on a future day, before the elec-
tion however, this matter would be published in a
democratic paper, (the Plebeian, I think,) and
charged on the whigs as their plan, so as to divert
suspicion; and, in the event of discovery by the
whig press, to anticipate such charge, and thus
break its force. When the day came on, as pre-
dicted, the publication appeared in thePlebeian.
There is said to have been an incident, of no
great consequence in itself, which for a particular
reason is worth a notice. I understand that the
North Carolina line-of-battle ship was moored at
the Brooklyn wharf, and it had arranged that the
men on board of her were to go ashore and vote for
the gentleman who represents on this floor the
Brooklyn district; and their votes, if leceived by
him, would have been sufficient to elect him. But
on the morning of the election, by some singular
freak of that legerdemain which was practised on so
extensive a scale that day, these men were in a body
spirited across the river into the city, and voted
mostly in the 7ili ward, but partly in the 6th and
11th, lor the democratic member there, (I mean the
only one of the present city delegation returned,
Mr. Maclay.) These votes were just enough to
save him. Now, I have no doubt but that the gen-
tleman from Brooklyn, [Mr. Murphy,] though he
was overthrown by having the staff on which he
was about to lean thus suddenly jerked from under
him, by a brother democrat, has public spirit and
party devotion enough to be quite as well as satis-
fied by a result which gives the party a member, as
if he had been himself the successful individual.
But the object I had in view, sir, in alluding to this
incident, is to ascertain what is the standard of par-
ty morals as it respects the members themselves.
What is their mode of dealing with whigs I under-
stand very well; but I had supposed, according to
the old proverb, that among its members there was
honor in every profession. Will not some one en-
lighten the country as to this part of their code?
Sir, you remember that when the whigs were in
power, they passed a registry law that would have
prevented most of these enormous frauds, but it was
repealed by the democratic party, and we see the
fruits of that repeal. From the best information I
can obtain, I am fully satisfied, that under the exist-
ing laws, provided by the democratic party of that
State, frauds enough can-be perpetrated in the city
alone, to determine the vote of that great State—in
fact, I may say, the result of the presidential elec-
tion; for it will, perhaps, generally be close enough
for its thirty-six electoral votes to decidc the matter.
But it was not in the city alone that these things
were done. Similar frauds were practised at Al-
bany, by voters, some of whom were even carried
from Philadelphia, it is said. Even in the interior,
there are facts which furnish strong evidence of ille-
gal voting. I should like for the gentleman [Mr.
Preston King] who represents the district in which
is St. Lawrence, (Mr. Wright's county, I think,)
to inform us how it happened that that county gave
sixteen hundred and twenty-seven votes more than it
did atany preceding election? The whig vole is strong-
er than it was when we carried the county, and yet
we are beaten by about fifteen hundred. How
comes it that that county has given nearly 2,000
more votes than some with about the same popula-
tion?
It is charged and believed by the whigs, that a
number of persons who had already voted else-
where, were run across the line into that county and
voted a second time, and that similar fraud was
practised m Jefferson, an adjoining county. Our
friends belie\e that in those two counties, there
were given some thirteen hundred illegal votes
in that way. That the State of New York gave
Henry Clay a majority of her legal votes cannot be
doubted. Similar frauds were practised in the
State of Pennsylvania, with the like result, as I
could show, if I had time to go into the details.
We lost Louisiana in the same way. At the pre-
cinct in the parish of Plaquemines there were given
