Jan. 1845.
28th Cong 2d Sess.
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
119
Presidential Election—Mr. Clingman.
H. of Reps.
eleven hundred votes, being seven hundred more
than were ever given before at an election; a vote
larger, I believe, than its whole population at the
last census, including women and children. This case
is so extraordinary as to require explanation. If this
excess of votes above the usual amount were
illegal, as X have no doubt they were, their ex-
clusion, to say nothing of frauds committed else-
where, would have given Mr. Clay the vote of that
'State. Even in Georgia we have strong reason_to
believe that We were defeated by fraud. In that
State, I understand, that voters - under sixty years
of age pay by law a poll-tax; all over that age, who
possess property, are likewise obliged to pay a tax; -
so that the tax books kept and returned would give
all the voters except the paupers above sixty.
Taking these books as a guide, there were 15,944
more votes than there appear to be voters. But the
census shows that the number of males above sixty
is a little more than three per cent, of the popula-
tion. Deducting four per cent, for these, there
would still remain 9,502 votes that cannot be ac-
counted for. Most of this excess occurs in the
democratic counties. As an example, I will read
an extract from a highly respectable journal pub-
lished in that State, the Milleugeville Journal:
"More facts connected with thr above.—The coun-
ties ol Forsyth, Lumpkin, Habersham, and Franklin, aie
all nearly in a line connected with each other. Habersham
joins Franklin, Lumpkin joins Habersham, and Forsyth
joins Lumpkin. These foul1 counties return to the comp-
troller general's office 3,080 >o lei s Add to this four per
cent, (which is a large estimate) for men over sixty \ ears
of age, and not liable to be returned, but authorized to vote,
and there would be 3,203 voters. At the late election, the
same counties gave Mr. Potk 4,014, and Mr. Clay 1,8-21—m
all.5,835 votes, and a majority for Polk of 2,193. Deduct
from the aggregate vote of 5,835, 3,203, the number of voters
returned on the tax book, and men ovei age, and it will
be seen that there are 2,6'3-2 voieit, of which no account is ol'
can be given, and who are not legally entitled to vote !
"Butlet us pursue this line a little further. Madison and
Elbert join Franklin, Lincoln joins Eibert, and Columbia
joins Lincoln These four counties return to the comp-
troller general's office 2,9S6 voters. Add to this, as above,
four per cent, for men over age, and there would be 3,105
voters. At the late election the same counties gave Mr
Clay 2,124, and Mr Polk 999—in all 3,123 voters; and a ma-
jority forClay of 1,125. Take the voters returned by the
tax receivers with the per cent, for men over 60, and the
votes given, and it will he seen, that while the first four
counties have given two thousand six hundred and thir-
ty-two votes more than can be accounted for, by the same
information and estimate, the last four have only given
eighteen more than they are entitled to. Elbert county,
which gave 813 out of l,12o majority for Clay, and which
gave the largest majority of any county in the State, voted
only thirty-seven more than is returned on the tax-book;
add the four per cent, for men over age, and it will be seen
that she vot«d five less than she was entitled to.
"The last mentioned counties are whig counties—the first
are democratic. Which makes the fairest showing' No one
can hesitate in his answer. Neither shall we hesitate to say
that, in our opinion, Henry Clay has received a majority of
the legal votes of the State of Georgia.1'
If this result was produced by the voting of men
under age, or other frauds in the democratic coun-
tries, it is sufficient, without looking any further, to
account for our defeat in that State, for the majority
against us was only two thousand.
The four States of New York, Pennsylvania,
Louisiana, and Georgia, give eighty-eight electoral
votes. Added to Mr. Clay's vote of one hundred
and five, and he would have one hundred and nine-
ty-three votes, while James K. Polk would be left
with only eighty-two. It is not strange, therefore,
that our opponents should appear so moderate after
the victory. It is not strange that they should not
rejoice, iso wonder some of them seem astounded
at the result. Too many of them know by what
means this result was achieved. Did Macbeth re-
joice when he looked at the crown and sceptre of
the murdered Duncan? They look to the past with
pain, to the futu e with dread.
This examination, Mr. Speaker, brings us irre-
sistibly to the conclusion, not merely that the whig
measures of policy are approved by a vast majority
of the people of the Union, but that, as a party, the
whigs are greatly the strongest in the country. So
stiong are they, that nothing but a combination of
all these adverse influences could have defeated us.
Yes, sir, if any one of several of them had been
wanting, we should still have triumphed, and had
the election been conducted as our form of govern-
ment presupposes, that is, feirfy and honorably,
Mr. Clay's majority would have been overwhelm!
mg.
Why, then, is it, sir, since the past cannot be re-
called, do 1 recur to these things? It is because I
am satisfied, after a survey of the battle-field that in
future a different result may be produced'. Yes
sir, if we do our duty to the country, these evils ;
may be averted, sufficiently at least for all practi-
cal purposes. A century may pass away before the
country is afflicted with such another accident as the
present executive.
The course of the abolition party has stripped
them of much of their influence, by bringing them
into general contempt, even at the North. Besides,
their late movements will array a strong influence
against them in other quarters, more than enough
to counterbalance their strength. And if the for-
eign Catholics, or foreigners generally, continue
banded together, with a view of controlling the elec-
tions of the country, there will be aroused antago-
nist feelings in the hearts of all true Americans,
which will sweep away the party to which they
have attached themselves. But, sir, I wish it dis-
tinctly understood, that I am for no native Ameri-
can party; I care not whether a man may have been
born uhder the icy zone that girts the pole, or in the
torrid clime; where the morning sun is first seen, or
at the place of his going down, if he comes to this
land, and, after the residence prescribed by law,
and in the manner provided, takes an oath to sup-
port the constitution, and adopts with it an Ameri-
can heart, American feelings, determining then to
uphold and defend the rights and interests of this
conntry against all others, that man will I take by
the hand and welcome as an American citizen should
be by his fellows. I wish, however, to see no
British whig, no French whig, no man, in short,
who places the interest or honor of another nation in
the scale against that of this, or who resides among
us with feelings alien to our government or its insti-
tutions. I desire to see the destinies of this coun-
try controlled in future, as they have in the main
beea heretofore, by the great American whig party.
By that party, and its genuine republican princi-
ples, am I willing to stand or fall.
It is our duty, as far as it may be in our power,
by wise legislation, to prevent fraudulent naturali-
zation and illegal voting. But this alone, will be
insufficient to insure its success. Even though we
should be able to see that the combination of cir-
cumstances, to which our defeat was owing in the
present instance, will not occur again, yet it must
be remembered, that there will be other factions to
be moved, and new humbugs invented. It is abso-
lutely necessary that the whigs should be complete-
ly organized as a party, not to deceive the confiding,
the credulous, or the ignorant, but to protect them
from imposition; not to practise frauds, but to pre-
vent their commission by our adversaries. Had we
adopted a proper system of organization, we should
have triumphed in despite of all the adverse influ-
ences referred to. To accomplish this, will, I
know, require more labor than many are willing to
undergo. It was a frequent complaint of Cicero,
that in his day the republic was always attacked
with more zeal than it was defended; and with us it
is a common boast of our adversaries, that while
the whigs are talking they are working. But un-
less we make up our minds to undergo the neces-
sary exertion, our political system will soon be-
come the most corrupt, and, by consequence, the
most despotic on earth. Such a government will,
by iis heavy taxation, wars, &c., impose on us bur-
dens much more intolerable than would be the effort
necessary to preserve our liberties. By a proper
system of organization, we shall always triumph,
because our principles are those upon which this
great republic has heretofore been successfully and
prosperously governed; and the great mass of our
population, being honest and patriotic, will, with
proper lights, sustain them.
What, then, Mr. Chairman, is the prospect be-
fore us? Your party having come into power, your
situation is altogether different from what it was in
the late contest. You must show your hand by
your acts, not by mere words. Why, sir, we never
could have beaten Mr. Van Buren in 1840 if we
had had only his declarations of principle to contend
against. Your situation is doubly embarrassing
from the duplicity which, as a party, you practised
to obtain power. As far as measures alone are
concerned, you might, I grant,unite. But there is
to be a struggle for pre-eminence of place, and meas-
ures will be the pivots on which party evolutions
will turn. Ostensibly, the contest may be about
the annexation of Texas and the tariff, because
certain prominent men arc connectBd in public esti*
mation With particular sides of these questions.
inasmuch, therefore, as the action of the ma-
jority on these questions will be regarded as the in-
dex of the rising or sinking of the fortunes of par-
ticular cliques, great importance may be attached to
the decision on these questions of a party whose
members are known generally to have a decided
partiality for the strongest side. The northern por-
tion of the party is the mow numerous, the stronger
in the country, and by far the most skilful in party
tactics. But then it was solely owing to exertions
of the southern section that Mr. Van Buren was set
aside, and Mr. Polk nominated; and can he be so
ungrateful as to turn his back on those to whom he
owes his elevation? If the northern wing can get
the offices, their consciences will be quieted as to
the extension of slavery, and they will go for the
annexation of Texas. But, in that event, the tariff
will become intolerable to the South, and Mr. Cal-
houn's going out of office will be the signal for
another nullification agitation, for which Mr. Polk
has very little appetite, not being considered remark-
able for nerve in trying times.
As I have had occasion to allude to John C. Cal-
houn, I take it upon myself to say, that looking at
his course for more than twelve years, with the ex-
ception of a few years after 1837, when he hoped
from his new connection with the democratic party
that he might become Prsideent of the United
States. I say, sir, that his course, whether «>n-
sidered with reference to the tariff and nulification,
to agitation on the subject of abolition and slavery,
or to his mode of managing the Texas question, is
precisely that which a man of ordinary sagacity
would take who designed to effect a dissolution of
the Union. And that such is his object can only be
denied by those who hold him a monomaniac. As
it was said that Julius Ca>sar went forward soberly
and steadily to the ruin of the republic, so has John
C. Calhoun gone on coolly and deliberately to break
up the Union and substitute a southern confederacy.
If his being being kept in office by Mr. Polk should
have the effect of inducing him to abandon those
views, instead of using his official station and influ-
ence to promote them, then, for the sake of the re-
pose of the country, I should be pleased to see him
retained. It is my opinion that he will be distin-
guished from his present colleagues in the cabinet,
and retained for a time, ostensibly to finish pending
negotiations. He will then, by intrigue, or it may
be by public opinion, be forced out, and will go into
honorable exile at a foreign court; or retire luce Cin-
cinnatus, to his plow, or possibly come back to the
Senate to agitate. While he is in office, too, as
many of his peculiar followers will be supplied with
offiees as may be needed to secure the support of
the "chivalry" to the administration.
I am here reminded, sir, that some of those gen-
tlemen have expressed strong hopes that they will
be able to overrun and carry off with them the old
North State; and I learn that a great effort is to be
made by the combined energies of the party for that
purpose. But I can tell those gentlemen that
J. C. Calhoun and his clique have never had
the ear of North Carolina. In 1832, with
great unanimity, she took ground against .them
and for the Union, and she is still for it. She
is also a genuine whig State. She was whig in
1775, when she made the first declaration of inde-
pendence, and her sons still in their hearts cherish
and will maintain the principles of their fathers. Ten-
nessee, too, is whig. I saw something of the can-
vass there during the summer. There were directed
against her the combined influences of Texas, the
tariff, Jackson and Polk, backed by the powerful
organization which I have described, and under it
she has borne up all nobly. There is a State to be
depended on in times of trial. On her a timid man
might risk his life, or a brave one trust bis honor.
Louisiana is whig to-day, fairly tried. So, too, is
Georgia; or, if bent a moment by the blast, unbro-
ken, her banner will resume its place in the whig
line. The whigs are firm everywhere. The means
used to defeat will strengthen us. Thefall, like that
of Anta;us, will give redoubled vigor and energy.
The terrible calamity sustained will rouse the nation
to avert its consequences. But we must endeavor
so to triumph that the fruits of victory, will not be
lost. Our adversaries have set a most lamentable
example. Instead of selecting a man high in the
confidence of the country, and rewarding him for
past services, they have chosen a mere man of straw
—one so unknown that he might be run on oppo-
site principles in different sections. In thus demon-
strating the availability of such a man, they have
done all in their power to discourage statesmanlike
eminence and patriotism. Our candidate was de-
feated because he was too honest, too open, and
too manly to conceal his opinions. Gentlemen on
the other side of the House may exult in the event,
