Jan. 1845-
28th Gong 2d Sess,
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
Annexation of Texas—Mr. Bayly•  
123
H. of Reps.
t "On the side of the United State*, no natural boundary is
presented; but on the west and noith of the Rio del Norte,
and the mountainous deserts which skirt it, make bold and
prominent divisions."
Agai,n: in speaking of the Rio del Norte in that
report, it is said:
"This grand and solitary river, without any important
tributaries to divide its honors south of the Puerto, with its
sterile mountain barriers to the south and west, presents the
only strong natural boundary between the United States and
Mexico, in connection with the mountainous desert, it
forms the first class of military obstacles. It extends twelve
hundred miles to the north in the region of perpetual snow,
and to within about one hundred miles of the south, or Fie-
mont's pass, and rolls down with swiftness a volume of tur-
bid waters."
The account which Kennedy, an English writer
of the first credit, gives of this subject, agrees with
that of the topographical engineers. He saysr
"The section of country betwen the river de Us Nuccas
and the Rio del Norte, is a valuable tract of land. "Whereafc
the Mexican side of the latter river, comprehending part of
Taumaulipas, New Leon, Coahuila, and Durango, is, with
the exception of a few favored spots, destitute of wood and
water, rocky, and incapable of improvement. The moun-
tainous tract, called the Bolson de Mapimi, comprisingmore
than three thousand square leagues, and indented into the
territory of Durango and Coahuila, is a desert, uninhabited,
save by tribes of roving and independent Indians."
Such a boundary as this would afford us better
protection from inroads in that quarter than a cwdon
of fortifications from the mouth of the Sabine to our
utmost northern limits.
In this connection, I desire to glance for a moment
at the condition of our defences against the aggres-
sions of foreign nations; and it will be seen that we
are exceedingly exposed, particularly to Great Brit-
ain, and that we will be vastly more so if Texas
should come under her control. We have a sea-
coast of near three thousand miles, indented, at
short intervals, with bays and rivers, penetrating in-
to the very heart of our country. We know that
they are very inadequately defended by fortifica-
tions, and our navy, in comparison with that of
England, is very inconsiderable. We all recollect
how our country was harassed in the late war by-
predatory incursions, penetrating to the very capital
of the nation. At that time, Great Britain was en-
gaged in her European wars, was under the neces-
sity of protecting her commerce in- every sea where
it floated, and of keeping a large fleet at home to
guard her "fast-anchored isle of the ocean" from
the invasion with which it was threatened. And
she was able to send but a small portion of her na-
vy to infest our coast. In a future war with us, she
may be differently situated. As great as would be
our increased exposure on the coast, in comparison
with what it was then, it is much greater on our
northern frontier. Then each of us had to con-
struct our fleets upon the lakes, and the one that
was first completely victorious, had command of
them. In the late war, the contest between Great
Briuun and the United States, on the lakes, was one
of ship-building. We had the advantage, being
nearer home, and of course we beat her. But a
great change has taken place since then. The ship
canal around the Falls of Niagara, entirely within
the British territory, is nearly or quite completed,
and there is a large force employed on the one
around the rapids of St. Lawrence. When they
are completed, as they shortly will be, Great Britain
will have access, for her fleets, from the ocean to the
lakes. We can have no such access. At the first
rumor of war, she would throw her armed vessels
into these inland seas, get possession of them, and
prevent the possibility of our constructing a navy
to compete with her there. But if it should be
otherwise, and we should be able to meet her at first,
she would send reinforcement after reinforcement
from the ocean, until we should be finally over-
come. This is our situation now; but with Texas
under her control, how fearfully would our ex-
posure be increased! Texas extends, upon our
entire western frontier, from our southern limits
to the forty-second degree of north latitude, very
nearly down to which the English North Amer-
ican possessions extend. Let Texas come un-
der the control of Great Britain, and we would
be entirely surrounded by that ambitious and gi-
gantic power. And in any future difficulty with
her, our situation has been so graphically de-
scribed by Gen. Jackson, as to make any other at-
tempt at description superfluous. She would have
but to assail us at once upon the ocean, from the
north and the south, resort to her favorite mode of
warfare, and excite the fifty thousand Indian war-
roirs on our Texian frontier to massacre and blood-
shed; and our forces being distracted, in defending
so many points of attack, if we did not fall a prey
it would only be in consequence of the unconquera-
ble will of freemen.
But it is said England disavows any ambitious
designs upon Texas. How long has it been since
American statesmen have confided in diplomatic as-
surances, which are but another name for chicanery
and deceit? Prior to the late war, at the Very time
she was daily impressing our seamen, she disclaim-
ed any intention of doing it; and at the very time she
is disclaiming any ambitious designs uponTexas, she
is wielding the whole power of her diplomacy to
bring her under her control; and for that purpose
she is offering to guaranty her independence upon
conditions which will be hereafter seen. Should
Texas become indebted to England for such a guar-
anty what would be her condition? That so well
described by Steele as his own, when he formed a
connection with Addison in conducting the Specta-
tor. "I fared," he said, "like a distressed prince
who calls in a foreign neighbor to his aid; I was un-
done by my auxiliary. When I had once called
him in, I could not subsist without dependence upon
him."
The importance of Texas to us as a means of
military defence, f.nd its consequent intimate con-
nection with the war power, is thus shown.
I think it unquestionable that we may acquire
territory by conquest.
From the days of the Roman eagle—indeed Jong
before—to this time, the leading object of war has
been to acquire or defend territory. When the
power was conferred upon Congress in general
terms, to declare war, it carried with it all of its
usual incidents; and it is impossible to believe that
the fratners of the constitution meant to withhold
from the gtftfcrnntent the power to accomplish by it
what had been the great object for which most of
the wars with which the world has been scourged
have been waged. Such certainly was not the opin-
ion of Chief Justice Marshall, who, in the case
of the American Insurance Company vs. Canter,
said:
"The constitution confers absolutely on the government
of the Union the powers of making war and of making trea-
ties; consequently that government possesses the power of
acquiring territory either by conquest or by treaty."
If this be true, the whole question is settled; for if
we may take territory of the Texians from them by
force, surely we may do it peaceably, with their
consent. If we can rob them of it, surely we can
take it as a gift. If we should march an army to-mor-
row to Texas, for the purpose of capturing their
country, I presume there would be no occasion for
fighting, provided the Texians were willing that we
should accomplish our purpose without bloodshed.
Mr. Clay, in his celebrated letter from Raleigh,
upon the subject of Texas, says:
"if any European nation entertain ony ambitious de-
signs upon Texas, such as that of colonizing, or m any
way subjugating her, I should regard it as the imperative
duty of the government of the United States to oppose to
such designs the most firm and determined resistance, to the
extent, if necessary, of appealing to arms, to prevent the ac-
complishment of any such design."
If we might go to war to prevent Texas from
falling into the hands of a foreign government, may
we not still more effectually provide against it by
her peaceable acquisition?
But the power of Congress to annex Texas by
joint resolution may also be derived from the au-
thority given to Congress to admit new States into
the Union. The power is general, without any
other limitation than that "no new State shall be
formed or created within the jurisdiction of any
other State; nor any State be formed by the junction
of two or more States or parts of States, without
the consent of the legislatures of the States con-
cerned as well as ofthe Congress." The imposition oi
this limitation, upon the most familiar rules of con-
struction, excludes the idea of the intention to im-
pose any other. I know an attempt is made to
impose another by implication, and to confine
the power to admit new States to such as might
be carved out of the territory within the limits of
the United States at the time of the adoption of the
constitution. But such a construction is contra-
dicted by the plain import and obvious meaning of
the constitution itself, and also by the history of its
passage through the convention which framed it.
"In the resolutions offered byJMr. Edmund'Randolph, as a
basis for the now constitution, and which contained the first
propositions of that character which were submitted to it,
the po-j/er in question was described as follows, viz: 'that
provision ought to be made for the admission ot States law-
fully arisiag within the limits of the United States, whether
arising from a voluntary junction of government or other-
wise, with the consent of a number of voices in the legisla-
ture less than the whole.' In Mr. Charles Finckney*
draught, it was proposed that 'the legislature shall have
power to admit new States into the Union on the same terms
with the original States, provided tu o thirds of the members
present in both Houses agree, leaving out the clause in
respect to the character of the teiritory. Mr Randolph's
proposition, containing the restriction confining-the power
to States lawfully arising withm the limits of the United
States, was at one time adopted in Committee of tuo vv hole,
and, in that state, ielcrred with others tu the Committee of
Detail. The article upon this subject contained the iollowmg
propositions: 1. That new States, lawfully constituted or
established within the limits of the United States, might be
admitted, by the legislatuie, in this government. 2. That
to such admission the consent of two-thirds ol tile
members present in each House should be necessary.
3. That if a new State should arise within tne limits of
any of the present Stdtes, the consent ol the legislatuie
of such States shall also lie necessary to its admission.
4. That if the admission was consented to. the new States
should be admitted on the same terms with the original
States; and, 0. That the legislature might make conditions
with the new States concerning the public debt then subsist-
ing. The 2d, 4th, and 5th clauses were stricken out l>y the
votes of the convention; and after that had been done, the
following was adopted as a substitue for the whole, v>7:
•Sew States may be admitted by the legislature into the
Union; but no new States shall be erected within the lim-
its of any of the present States, without the consent ofthe
legislature of such State, as well as ofthe general legislature'
—leaving out that part of the first clause which related to
the domestic character of the territory; and this substitute
was consequently revised and amended so as to make it con-
form, in its phraseology, to the section as it now stands in
the constitution, lliese proceedings show that the propo-
sition to restrict the power to admit new States to the ter-
utory within the original limits of the United States, was
distinctly before the convention, once adopted by it, and
finally rejected in favor ol> clause making the power in this
respect general.''
To all this, gentlemen can only now oppose the
two clauses of the constitution which declare that
no person shall be a representative who has not been
seven, nor a senator who has not been nine, years
a citizen of the United States, and who shall not,
when elected, be an inhabitant of that State for
which he shall be chosen; and it is insisted that it
could never have been the design of the constitution
to authorize the admission of a foreign State into
the Union, as these provisions would make it im-
possible for it to be represented in either House of
Congress. This argument, if it has any weight,
only goes to show that a foreign State cannot be
admitted « a State, for if it is brought in as a terri-
tory, and is kept in that condition for nine years,
the difficulty does not arise. But as every part of
the consitntion must be construed together, and
such a construction given as will let evety clause of
it stand rather than that one should fall; and as I
cannot believe that the difficulty suggested is strong
enough to annul the construction which I put upon
the power to admit new States, founded upon plain
meaning and obvious import of the language, and
upon the history of its adoption, I must infer that
the clauses referred to were designed to provide for
the ordinary cases of chosing representatives from
the States already in the Union, and not to the ex-
traordinary case ofthe admission of a new State.
Concede, however, that I am wrong m this, and
still there will be no difficulty growing out of these
clauses ofthe constitution, even in admitting Texas
as a State. Nearly all the citizens of Texas, cer-
tainly all of her eminent citizens, are natives of the
United States. And without questioning the un-
qualified right of expatriation which 1 may ad-
mit for the argument, I insist that when a citizen of
the United States, who has left them, returns, he is
instantly restored to his citizenship. If this v, ere not
so, every native of the United States, whenever he
became a citizen of a foreign State, would be
alienated forever from the land of his nativity, and be
m a much worse condition than the native of any
foreign State; for our naturalization laws only refer
to "alieits," who are defined to be "persons born in
a foreign country out of the allegiance of the sover-
eign." But it will not be denied that, under the
law of nations, when a native of the United States,
after he had become a citizen of a foreign State,
returns under the jurisdiction of this country, he
becomes, to use the language of Judge Story, in the
Supreme Court, in a case in which this question is
referred to, "a redintegrated American citizen."
And such will be the case as to all natives of the
United States m Texas if she is admitted into the
Union. When they are brought again under thejuris-
diction of our laws they will be instantly restored to
their citizenship. In the language of Chief Justice
Marshall, in the case already referred to, "On such
ransfer of territory" (by cession or by conquest)
"it has never been held that the relations of the in-
habitants with each other undergo any change.
Their relations with their former sovereign are dis-
solved, and new relations are created between them
