; irt
3m, 1848.
28th Cong 2d Sess
APPENDIX TO THE CONGftBSSIONAL GLOBE.
Mr. Saunders's Report on Naturalization.  
H. of Beps.
by any lengthened remarks in support of the amend-
ment. It would be wholly unnecessary, as he sup-
posed that, as happened at the last session, he should
-be defeated, foiled, and beaten down, by prejudice,
bigotry, and penuriousness, put together. He held
that the office of chaplain was unknown to the con-
stitution, and ought to be equally unknown to the
laws. Congress was forbidden, in terras, to take a
single step towards the establishment of any reli-
gion, or to pass any law having a religious estab-
lishment for its end. Mr. P. said he had recently
witnessed with deep regret and sorrow the mockery
of religion at public meetings held in this country.
He had heard men upon stands uttering, with great
apparent solemnity, invocations to Heaven, inviting
the smile of the Supreme Being on the multitude as-
sembled, and on their doings; and immediately af-
terwards he had seen religion, law, order, decency,
and cummon sense, alike outraged by the singing of
low ribald songs. It had been solemnly declared by
the American people that the church formed no part
of ourgovernment. Our ancestors never had adopted
the church as a, vehicle by which the government
was to be earned on; and it should not, with Mr.
P.'s consent, steal its way into the citadel of the
state. What was this but an attempt to make a re-
ligious establishment by law? For a joint resolu-
tion, intended to have the force of law, was in sub-
stance the same thing; it required the assent of the
President, and with his signature it was eqsivalent
to a law.
But that was not the matter. The House was
called upon to put its hands stealthily into the pub-
lic treasury for the purpose of maintainingand build-
ing up one sect to the depression of another. True,
the resolution spoke of two chaplains of different
denominations; but it should be remembered that
there were in this country more religious sects than
one or two either. He said that he came back fresh
from the people after consulting their pleasure on
this very thing, and he came prepared to meet the
question. The people knew that their constitution
forbade the public servants to build up any religious
sect out of their pockets; Congress had no such
right. In the constitutions of most of the States it
was expressly forbidden that any man should be
compelled to contribute to maintain any form of re-
ligion whatever. Congress passed a revenue law
collecting from the people at large—from Jew, Bap-
tist, Methodist, Presbyterian, Trinitarian, and Unita-
rian—a common fund; and though the constitution
prohibited Congress from doing any thing to estab-
lish a religion, they were to take out of this fund a
sum for a chaplain of one denomination, thus com-
pelling all the rest to contribute to his support.
Was this law? Was it justice? Was it the consti-
tution? Mr. P. felt himself constrained to enter his
warning protest against a resolution to pay a reli-
gious officer (for a chaplain was a religious officer and
nothing else) out of the national treasury.
But, said gentlemen who would oppose the
amendment, "the man is an infidel;" and those
would be the loudest in denouncing him who would
be the last to put their hand to a subscription, such
as he was about to propose, to pay the chaplain out
of their own pockets. They would not give for that
purpose as much as Mr. P. was willing to put his
name to. lie had put down a sum, and if these
gentlemen would put down as much, he was ready
to double it; and if that should be insufficient, to
multiply it fourfold. But he was "an infidel!" Yes;
and every petty twopenny paper throgh the country
was ready to reiterate the charge, and so were all the
rest who were unwilling to give a dollar of their
own to the object.
He should, before resuming his seat, bring the
House to the test, and see was willing to go farthest
for the support of religion, or even one of its
forms. He protested again against paying this
money out of the treasury for such a purpose. He
was willing not only, but desirous to see the busi-
ness of the House opened with prayer every morn-
ing; but in this matter he was for placing the House
precisely on the ground of their own constituents,
who had to pay out of their own pockets for such
religious services as they wished to procure. The
people never would tolerate for a moment the at-
tempt of Congress to send among them a minister of
any denomination, aud compel them to pay for his
public services; they insisted on being left free as
the winds of heaven as to whom they would em-
ploy and how they would compensate him. He
told gentlemen that, if they adopted the pending
resolution, they would find themselves standing on
[9]
a volcano; they must come up, sooner or later, to
this question.
In conclusion, he would state that, in connection
with the amendment, he had prepared something in
the form of a subscription paper, (which he read;)
and he had made a calculation going to show that
average amount, on the members of both Houses,
would be between three and four dollars each for
the two chaplains; or, if each House paid its own,
about $2 30. He had started this subscription by
putting down $5, which, as he had said, he was
ready to double or quadruple. He invited gentle-
men to follow.
Mr. McCONNBLL moved the previous question;
and, the question being put, there was a second:
ayes 75, noes not counted.
Mr. PETTIT demanded the yeas and nays,
which were ordered.
Mr. McKAY raised an. objection to the amend-
ment on a question of order. There existed on the
statute book a law making provision for the appoint-
ment of a chaplain, and directing his payment out of
the treasury. Could the law be repealed by a reso-
lution? The resolution, as moved by the gentleman
from South Carolina, [Mr. Holmes,] only went to
carry out a law under which a chaplain, if appointed,
had a right to draw for his salary, and could not be
refused.
Mr. STEENROD inquired of the Chair whether
there was not an appropriation already made for
the payment of chaplains of both Houses for the
entire Congress, including both sessions?
The SPEAKER replied that there was.
Mr. PETTIT. Very well; but it was for chap-
lains not yet in office, and the House was under no
obligation to have one; there was no such office
known to the constitution, and if the money had
been appropriated and should not be used, it
would only revert to the contingent fund. But he
did not believe there was such an appropriation.
At all events, he presumed that a joint resolution
could suspend the payment of the money.
MR. SAUNDERS'S REPORT ON NATURAL-
IZATION.
Mr. SAUNDERS, from the Committee on the
Judiciary, presented the following report and biil:
The Committee on the Judiciary, to whom was re-
ferred sundry petitions from citizens of the Com-
monwealth of Pennsylvania, report—
The petitioners represent themselves as opposed
to that facility of access to citizenship, which the
naturalization acts, as they now stand, afford to
aliens, and pray "that such amendments of the
naturalization laws of the United States be made,
that twenty-one years'1 residence in this country, (after
they shall have declared their intention to become cit-
izens,) be made the indispensable prerequisite to the
admission of foreigners into the inestimable rights of
native Americans." As the petitioners ask so im-
portant a change in the policy which has heretofore
regulated Congress in carrying out the injunctions
of the constitution "to establish a uniform rule of
naturalization," it is deemed proper to a due un-
derstanding of what is necessary to be done, to give
a brief analysis of the different acts as they now
exist, as well as the provisions of such as have become
obsolete, on the subject. The obsolete acts. First,
the act of 1790, which was passed at the second
session of the first Congress. It provided that any
alien, being a fsee white person, might become a cit-
izen of the United States, after a residence of five
years therein, and upon proof of good moral char-
acter, and on oath to support the constitution. It
further provided for the minor children of the appli-
cant, and for the children of citizens born in for-
eign countries. Secondly, the act of 1795. It re-
quired a residence of five years, and a declaration of
intention three years before admission, with proof
of good moral character, renunciation of former
allegiance, and an oath to support the constitution.
It also provided for the children of aliens residing
in the country, and for those of citizens of the Uni-
ted States, born abroad. Third, the act of 1798,
which was supplementary, extending the period of
the declaration of intention to five years, and that
of residence to fourteen years. It further provided
to "register aliens," in all cases, and subjected them,
on failure to comply,. t  arrest, and to be held to
security for good behavior. Such were the pro-
visions of the acts, which have been rendered
obsolete by those which'follow.
First, the act of1802, which repeals all fonmer acts.
It restores the provision of the declaration of in-
tention to three years before application, and a resi-
dence of5 years before admission, and requires proof
of good character, renunciation of former allegiance,
as well as of all titles or orders of nobility, and an
oath to support the constitution; it requires the
"registry" of aliens "in order" to become citizens,
and the production of the certificate of registration
when applying for admission. It further provides
for the children of aliens, whether born within or
out of the United States, but makes no provision
for the children of citizens born abroad. Second,
the act of 1804. It dispenses with the declaration of
intention in behalf of all such aliens as had resided
within the limits and jurisdiction of the United
States between the yeors 1798 and 1802. It further
provides for the widows and children of such aliens
as may have made a declaration of intention, and
died before being naturalized. Third, the act of
1813. The fifth section requires a continued resi-
dence of five years, without being at any time with-
out the limits of the United States. Fourth, the act
of 1816. This prescribes the evidence to be ad-
duced, when applying for admission. It requires
the production of the record of registry, and the cer-
tificate of the declaration of intention, and proof
by witnesses, citizens of the United States, that the
applicant has resided five years ivithin the limits
thereof, and one yearm the State or Territory where
the court is held; and these matters of proof are re-
quired to be inserted in the record, otherwise the
naturalization shall be of no validity. Fifth, the
act of 1824. It dispenses with the declaration of
intention in behalf of such minors as may have re-
sided within the United States three years before
attaining the age of twenty-one years. It changes
the time for filing the declaration of intention to
become a citizen to two years before naturalization,
and renders valid a declaration made before the
clerks of the courts authorized to receive the same;
but whether this provision was prospective or retro-
spective is rendered doubtful by the decision of one
of the district courts of the United States. Sixth,
the act df 1828. It repeals, so much of the acts of
1802 and J.816 as requires the record of registry and
the certificate of the declaration of intention to be
offered in proof when applying for admission.
Such are the provisions of the different acts of Con-
gress, as they now stand, in regard to the naturali-
zation of aliens.
These provisions, as they have thus stood for the
last seventeen years, without change or amendment,
are liberal in terms, simple in detail, and easily un-
derstood. A residence of five years within the
limits of the United States—one of which must be
in the State or Territory in whose courts the*natural-
ization is sought—with proof of the declaration of
intention made two years before, good character, re-
nunciation of allegiance and of the orders of nobil-
ity, with an oath of fidelity to the constitution, en-
title the applicant to all the rights and privileges of
citizenship. These provisions are to be found in
the different acts, from that of 1802 to 1828 inclu-
sive. They may require condensation for conve-
nience and perspecuity, with amendments to prevent
imposition and fraud. But this is not the evil of
which the petitioners complain. They ask for tha
radical change m the time of residence after the de-
claration of intention to become a citizen, which, as
the committee suppose, would in effect operate as a
denial of the privilege altogether. If, as Mr. Jeffer-
son said in his first message, when recommending a
revisal of the laws, as they then stood—"Consider-
ing the ordinary chances of human life, a denial of
citizenship under a residence of fourteen years, is a
denial in a great proportion of those who ask it,"
most certainly a residence of twenty-one years
after a declaration of intention, would prove a still
greater denial. Such a restriction would not only
conflict with the policy of each and all of the States
in their early settlements, but would control the
liberal policy which has heretofore characterized the
federal government in its action on this subject.
The right to emigrate, with the privilege of being
naturalized, under provisions the least onerous and
restrictive, is everywhere recognised in our State laws
and constitutions. The principle is acknowledged
from the liberal and enlightened constitution of New
Hampshire, down to that of Louisiana. It is re-
quired not as a mere matter of policy, with a view
to an increase of population, but as a right to re-
nounce an allegiance imposed by birth and not by
choice. Virginia hath her celebrated law of expatri-
ation; s c Vermont has declared, in her bill of rights,
"that all ceople have a natural and inherent righ^
