136
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
Jan. 1840.
28th Cong 2d Sess.
Oregon Bill—Mr. Wentworlh.
H. of Reps.
years she will have manned a fort at every prom-
inent point, and we shall not have men enough ac-
knowledging our allegiance to hold the offices;
which certainly would be an anomaly. Hence he
was for giving the notice, and letting Great Britain
understand, in the language of President Monroe,
that "the American continents ara not henceforth to
be considered as subjects for colonization for any
European power."
There are those, however, who contend that the
giving this notice must be attended with a'vast ex-
pense, since we must prepare to take possession
forcibly if we cannot get it peaceably. We must
transport troops and the munitions of war around
Cape Horn, or over the Rocky mountains. They
prefer to wait, and contend that soon there will be
American settlers enough there to defend the coun-
try. Under this view of the case, what objection
can there be to this bill, which proposes to do ex-
actly by American citizens as Great Britain is
already doing by hers under the treaty of joint occu-
pation, viz: to encourage people to'go there and to
protect them after they are there.
Mr. W. feared, judging the future by the past, that,
if we waited for the year's notice of our wish to abro-
gate the article of joint occupancy in the treaty of
1827, to be given before we passed the bill, we never
should pass it. The cry had generally been raised,
when a bill of this nature came up, that we must
first give the notice. But the men thus contending
raise the cry of "war with England will be the
consequence," and will not vote for giving the no-
tice; and so the bill goes by, session after session,
whilst our settlers are crying for protection and
Great Britain is robbing the country of its best tim-
ber and furs, and establishing a military post at
every eligible point for the country's defence from
American troops. The course of these men is like
that of the justice before whom was brought a suit
of "trespass on the case" by a man who had been
greatly wronged. The judge decided that "an ac-
tion for trespass on the case would not lie." So
the complainant brought an action for "trespass."
Whereupon the justice decided that "the first action
was a bar to the second." It is is in this way, sir,
that we have been "bar"-ed out of this bill for years.
Since the treaty of joint occupation, the difficulty of
our making a treaty with Great Britain has greatly
increased from the great inequality of power and
settlements in Oregon. Since the union of the
Northwest Fur company and the Hudson's Bay
company, the British have had united control of the
whole country. What more can they have?
The least that men can do who believe in our title
in Oregon is to protect our settlers from the Indians
on their rou% so that our settlements may , if possi-
ble, keep pace with those of Great Britain, and
have a real instead of a nominal joint occupation.
There are thousands upon thousands willing to run
their risks in Oregon if government will only secure
them a safe passage beyond the South Pass, the
Thermopylfe of the West. He understood there
were a thousand emigrants already enrolled to set
out from Independence (Mo.) in the spring. He
read what Lt. Fremont said of Fort Laramie, which
is 320 miles from the Pass, and 520 from the junc-
tion of the Platte and the Missouri.
"If it is in contemplation to keep open the communica-
tions with Oregon Territory, a show of military force in
this country is absolutely necessary, and a combination of
advantages renders the neighborhood of Fort Laramie the
most suitable place, on the lme of the Platte, for the estab-
lishment of u. military post, lt is connected with the mouth
of the Platte and the Upper Missouri by excellent roads,
which are in frequent use, and would not in any way inter-
fere with the range of-the burt'alo, on which the neighbor-
ing Indians mainly depend for sappoit. It would render
any posts on the Lower Platte unnecessary 5 the ordinary
communication between it and the Missouri being sufficient
to control the intermediate Indians. It would operate effectu-
ally to prevent any such coalitions as are now formed
among the Gros Ventres, Sioux, Cheyenne, and other
Indians, and would keep the Oregon ioad through the val-
ley of the Sweet Water and the South Fa&s of the moun-
tains constantly open A glance at the map which accom-
panies this report, will show that it lies at the foot of a bro-
ken and mountainous region, along which, by the estab-
lishment of small posts, in the neighborhood of St. Vram's
fort, on the south fork of the Platte, and Bent's fort, on the
Arkansas, a line of communication would be formed, by
good wagon roads, w ith out southern military posts, which
would entirely command the mountain passes, hold some of
the most troublesome tribes in check, and protect and facil-
itate our intercourse with the neighboring Spanish settle-
ments. The valleys of the rivers on which they would be
situated are fertile; the country, which supports knmense
herds of buffalo, is admirably adapted to grazing, and herds
of cattle might be maintained by the posts, or obtained
from the Spanish country, which already supplies a portion
of their provisions to the trading posts mentioned above."
Wow the British have wormed themselves so far
into the heart of the Oregon country as to have a
fort within 250 miles of this pass, called Fort Hall.
W'ho knows how long it will be before they will
claim the pass itself, as the circle of British en-
croachments is continually enlarging? And when
once there, in command of this little gap of 120 feet,
blocking up what nature designed as the central
highway of the world, who can predict the vast
amount of blood and treasure that it will take to dis-
lodge her? Beyond Fort Hall, at a suitable dis-
tance, is Fort Nez Perces, then Fort Vancouver,
and then Fort George, making a chain of four forts
in a line from the pass to the Columbia, to say noth-
ing of nineteen others, ostensibly manned to protect
British traders and emigrants from the Indians. But,
in case of a sudden outoreak, what would be the ef-
fect of these military establishments?
Again: in going to the pass, our settlers must en-
counter many tribes of Indians, such as the Paw-
nees, the Sioux, the Crows, Black Foot, Flathe&ds,
<fec., all within the reach of annuities; and it is well
known that the British and Indians are always al-
lies. They may be now at peace with the United
States; but their thievish and brutal propensities,
and their treachery, are well known. If our gov-
ernment had a fort to protect them on their passage
from the Indians, and, after their arrival, had two or
three forts to protect them from the encroachments
of the British and the Indians, their lot would still
be hard enough. Twenty-five hundred miles is no
easy journey, to say nothing of the time lost in
waiting at Independence, Missouri, until a sufficient
number has collected to make up a safe caravan, to
undertake so hazardous a task, and overawe the In-
dians. Only think of it: men, women, and chil-
dren, forsaking their homes, bidding farewell to
all the endearments of society, setting out on a
journey of over two thousand miles, upon a route
where they have to make their own roads, construct
their own bridges, hew out their own boats, and
kill their own meat; and undergoing every diversi-
ty of pain from agues, chills, sprains and bruises;
where twenty miles is an average day's travel,
exposed to every variety of weather, and the
naked earth their only resting-place! In sick-
ness they have no physician; in death there is
110 one to perform the last sad offices. Their bodies
are buried by the wayside, to be exhumed and de-
filed by the Indians, or devoured by the wolves.
But yet there are dauntless spirits who will brave
all this, and government ought to encourage them.
He knew there were those who say that these
emigrants go to Oregon in view of all these conse-
quences, and they need not go unless at their own
option; there is no compulsory process served
upon them. True, sir; and there is no obligation
on the part of our merchants to send their goods to
sea. They know the dangers of the coast, and the
dangers of the storm; but yet, sir, we are continu-
ally constructing buoys, beacons, light-houses and
harbors, for their protection. True, sir, and there
is no compulsory process to force the sailor on a
voyage to sea. He knows thera are pirates, and
runs his own risk; but yet we have our ships of
war in every direction for his benefit.
There is an extent of country beyond the Rocky
mountains 850 miles long and 550 miles wide, cov-
ering 500,000 square miles, or 300,000,000 of acres.
Some gentlemen opposed to the passage of this, or
any bill of a similar import, assign as a reason for
their opposition that the land is worthless. It
would be singular indeed, if, in so large a tract of
country, some of it were not so. That it has its
mountains, its marshes, its deserts, and its rocks, 1
will not d;ny. But this is no reason why Great
Britain srould swindle or frighten us out of the
whole country. When she in a friendly manner
asks ws for Oregon, or attempts to purchase it, then
will it be time for us to calculate its value. But,
when sha attempts to cheat us out of it by negotia-
tion, or drive us by her threats, "he who dallies is
a dastard, and he who doubts is damned." And of
all places on earth this House ought to be the last
where such "coward guilt and pallid fear" should be
manifested. But, because the land is now waste and
poor, it dooi not follow that [it will not eventually
be reclaimed, enriched and inhabited. The most
rocky, sterile and mountainous portions of the old
States are populated, and the same will eventually
happen with the new States. Indeed, the best lands
are not always taken up first, on the principle, I
I suppose, that there is no accounting for
tastes. A few years since, I found a man in the
Rock river valley in Illinois, clearing up a rough
piece of timber land, and trying to make a farm of
it, when close by there was the most luxuriant
prairie, all cleared by the hand of nature, that would
make one of the most valuable farms in our State.
I asked why he had made such a preference. He
replied that he had two reasons: 1st, he wanted to
bring up his children to work for a living; 2d, he
wanted the country settled, and so had left the best
farm for some lazy man.
But in contradiction of all stories about the steril-
ity of the Oregon country, persons from per-
sonal observation report that for picturesque beau-
ty, exuberant fertility, and salubrity of climate,
no region of earth of equal extent surpasses
the vales and table lands of Oregon. There
the cattle graze all winter; and it must eventually
be a very important country" for its trade in hides,
beef, tallow, &c. Pine and fir trees on the Colum-
bia grow to the enormous size of forty to fifty
feet in circumference, and three hundred to three
hundred and fifty feet in height—it being sometimes
one hundred and fifty feet to the branches. Al-
though rather bad for corn, (not woise, however,
than many parts of New Hampshire and Vermont,)
yet it is well calculated for wheat, barley, oats,
peas, apples, potatoes, and all roots cultivated in
the United States. Rock salt, similar to that found
in the Andes, is found in some parts; and who can
say what minerals exist in the numerous chains of
mountains? We know that gold has been found as
high up as the 36th degree of latitude. So much for
its intrinsic, value. Of its commercial importance
he had already spoken. The central highway
of the world must, some day, pass over its bo-
som; and a railroad from St. Louis to the mouth
ofthe Columbia, meeting there a line of steamboats,
is not so far distant as might at first be imagin-
ed. There is danger of our losing this coun-
try. We have only a nominal possession now;
but yet there are American citizens willing to go
there, and go, too, with a determination to own no
allegiance but that of this country. Shall we se-
cure them American rights when treading American
soil? Shall we deny them our laws—ay, sir, our
flag? Our action on this bill will say.
There are those who, on all questions of policy in
relation to the new States or Territories, are actuated
by the narrowly-contracted notion that whatever
benefits them tends so much to depopulate the old
States. Is this so? Has either the emigration ot
our fathers, or the emigration of the present day,
injured in the least either France, Germany, Eng-
land, Scotland, or Ireland?, It has yet to appear.
You may turn the tide of emigration, but you can-
not stop it. If the adventurous frontiersman cannot
fo to Oregon, he will go somewhere else; he will not
e crowded; he will not allpw his game to be fright-
ened by the crack of his neighbor's rifle, nor the bark
of his dog. He had a friend who lived in Ohio,
as long ago as it was on the extreme frontier. He
had been moving and moving away from the inroads
of society until he had reached the banks of the
Mississippi, and he was then about to move again.
He asked him his reason. He said it was the dying
advice of his father "to keep twenty miles beyond
lme and calomel; and a doctor and a lawyer were
within fifteen miles, and he thought it time to go."
Another of these adventurers said, no gentleman
would live in a community after his wife could not
invite every person within five miles for fear her
log cabin would not contain them. There is a class
of men who will be continually on the outskirts of
civilized society. It is in vain for us to seek the
reason. As well may we ask why the water-fowl,
hatched on land away from its species, will reach
its element or die. We may as well call it instinct,
and let it go. Aside from the eccentric characters
above alluded to, the young men from the old States
are continually seeking out new fields for the de-
velopment of their talents. Their industry and en-
terprise make them explore every part of the world.
In many parts it is considered discreditable for a
young man to settle down under the nose of his
parents, as showing a lack of manly perseverance;
and, with some, the further off they get the prouder
they themselves feel, and the prouder their parents
feel for them. Some years ago, in almost the last
place in New Hampshire, where snow capped the
circumambient mountains the year round, and
where the chief product was granite, (and that was
so plenty it could not be given away,) he occupied
the same desk in a country school-house with a
couple of young lads whose mothers had taken oc-
casion to slur him for a want of enterprise in not
having gone further than Illinois. In looking up
these Jjds, he found one taking an active part in a
