138
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
Jan. 1845,
28th Cong 2d Sess.
Annexation of Texas—Mr. Ellis.
H. of Beps.
m commerce and in greatness. Even now our prod-
ucts acd manufactures are crowding hers out of the
ports of tlie Old World. She has adopted various
plans of policy to effect her object. She has at-
tempted—with what success still remains to be
SRen—to form a league of nations against us; a kind
of unholy alliance. How long has it been since the
quintuple treaty was made, by which she was uni-
ting all the great powers of Europe to embarrass
and destroy American commerce, and make her in
jact, what she has arrogantly chimed to ie, mistress
of the seas? She has also attempted to throw do-
mestic dissensions amongst us, hoping to destroy
the compromises of the constitution, and to dissolve
the Union. And see how artfully the work was ap-
proached! Slavery was to be the weapon—Mason
and Dixbn's line the point of division. She filled the
colonies with slaves. These she must get rid of be-
fore she would be credited for her profound philan-
thropy; whereupon she levies a tax upon her home
industry in order to buy up her colonial slaves. This
done, she sets up a great claim to philanthropy,
God save the mark! And whilst she was with her
golden key unlocking the fetters of one slave in the
West, she was riveting manacles upon one hundred
slaves in the East Indies, and making paupers of
thousands of her own citizens. How contemptible
is her complaint of human bondage! Let her raise
her own laboring millions from the depths of pov-
erty and wretchedness which England's policy has
produced, and let her remove her iron.heel from the
neck of Ireland, and other countries, before she
claims to censure others, or to feel aught like sym-
pathy for human suffering. England feeling sym-
pathy for human suffering! I denounce that gov-
ernment as an unfeeling, heartless, soulless oli-
garchy, which, after tearing the sinews, and grind-
ing between the iron teeth of her power her own
laboring millions, now cravcs to fill her voracious
maw with the sweat and blood of all nations!
To this end she has long sought to excitc the
prejudices of the northern people of our own
country against the domestic institutions of the
South, in order to separate the free from the
slave States, destroy the Union, and leave the land
to groan under the curse of domestic violence and
bloodshed. And sorry am I to see that there are in
this country, and in this House, men lending them-
selves as willing instruments to this hellish purpose.
Shade of Washington! are your departing anathe-
mas against the recreant American who should at-
tempt to excite sectional and geographical divisions
in this glorious Union to be of no avail?
But suppose England accomplishes her object,
and the Union is divided: will she then favor the
North rather than the South? No, sir: it is not her
interest to do so, and interest is the star which guides
her course in all things. The North is her rival in
manufactures, and will therefore buy none of hers,
but will interfere with the market elsewhere; while
the South, being a planting rather than a manufac-
turing country, can furnish her the raw material,
and in exchange receive her articles of manufacture.
And, I doubt not, when this state of things existed,
that her sympathy for the black laborer would be-
come as cold a3 it has been for the white for the
last three centuries; and that she would then be-
come the owner of the black slaves, as she now is
of white.
Knowing, as I do, the craving, avaricious dispo-
sition of England, with all the facts I have men-
tioned, and many more, staring me m the face, I
shall forever protest against making a single sacri-
fice on her account, or of giving ner the slightest
foothold upon American soil.
[Here the Speaker's hammer fell, and the debate
closed.]
SPEECH OF ME. ELLIS,
OF NEW YORK,
In the House of Representatives, January 25,1845—
On the propositions for the annexation of Texas
to the United States.
Mr. Chairman: No question has come before the
Congress of the Union during the present genera-
tion, of so much importance to the welfare of our
country, as the acquisition of Texas.
It is altogether national in its character; and
though the blessings its consummation will bring
with it, may be greater in some regions of the
Uniied States than in others, yet, sir, can it never
be dwarfed down to the humble stature of a mere
sectional measure. It is a movement which con-
cerns the expansion of our institutions over a mag-
nificent domain filling up the grand outline of a ter-
ritory intended for the possession and destiny of the
American race—an outline drawn by the hand of
the Creator himself, in deserts and mountains,
around the southwestern border of this continent.
Sir, a momentary glance at the map of North
America demonstrates the nationality of this ques-
tion. Texas skirts the Gulf of Mexico hundreds of
miles, spreads into the interior along the boundaries
of our own country thousands of miles more,
stretching north to a latitude beyond the queen city
of the Mississippi, retreating far in the rear of the
Indian nations collected upon our western borders,
and extending to the verge of the southern pass of
the Rocky mountains—that pass which opens to us
the distant domain of Oregon and the shores of the
Pacific. It embraces an area quintuple in size the
empire State of the Union. It is washed, and
drained, and fertilized, by the great streams which
pour their tributary waters into the bosom of the
"mighty father of floods." Rich ami prolific, is the
language of geography, in the productions of
the most fertile soil of all climes, from the frozen
North to the burning South, and in tropical sta-
ples surpassing the most favored regions of the
earth. Sir, are we not all of us—the North, the
South, the East, and the West—equally and to-
gether interested in advancing oSr noble race, our
social and political system, our laws, our institutions
over this territory not only thus conterminous witli
our own, but now a dismembered portion of that
great valley which reaches from the lakes and the
Alleghanics to the Rocky mountains and the deserts
of Mexico'—a valley embracing an area of one mil-
lion and a half of square miles, and containing an
extent of navigable rivers unsurpassed in quadruple
the same surface on the globe, proclaiming in char-
acters impressed in creation itself, that here, upon
this continent of North America, is th« destined seat
of power upon earth. And why withhold a partici-
pation in our blessings, from our own kindred in
blood and neighbors in residence, seeking the bene-
fits of union with us? Sir, the constitution itself
declares, upon its face, our duty of progression. It
was instituted "to form a more perfcct union, to
establish justice, insure domestic tranquillity, provide
for the common defence, promote the general wel-
fare, and secure the blessings of liberty to ourselves
and our posterity." It looks forward to an indefi-
nite expansion of the great system, providing for
the accession of new members to the confederacy.
Shall we resist this noble spirit of progress, and strip
our own posterity of their inheritance? an inherit-
ance designed for their possession by the founders
of the republic? Shall we repel and discard our own
brethren who are going before us, opening the wil-
derness, organizing our institutions, and now separ-
ated from us only by imaginary atmospheric lines'
Can the benign object of the constitution be pro-
moted by such restrictions? by forcing up around us
rival powers, instead of raising and embracing kin-
dred friends' or by disregarding geographical fea-
tures impressed by nature, and pertinaciously ad-
hering to the present shrunken, deformed, zigzag
limits? No, sir. Its foundation, like that of' Chris-
tianity, is laid upon the law of progressive improve-
ment. Under this system, we have seen what the
world has no where else seen in all its past his-
tory—liberty and law marching hand in hand;
and as they inarched forever harmonizing their
conflicting claims. To us belong freedom of
speech, freedom- of the press, freedom of reli-
gion, freedom of citizenship, freedom of suffrage;
the right to assemble and discuss the measures of
government, and demand the redress of all griev-
ances; the right to an impartial trial by jury; the
right of personal security against searches and
seizures unreasonable; the right of protection against
unlawful restraint or imprisonment; the right to
keep and bear arms; and all these principles are
placed, by our constitutions, above the power of par-
ty, or of faction, or even of the despotism of any
majorities to infringe. Ours are the blessings of a
representative democracy. It reposes on the practi-
cal and efficient sovereignty of the people. Divided
into separate municipal communities, each regu-
lating exclusively its own domestic affairs, and sub-
mitting to the government of the Union matters
which concern the whole; each independent in one
sphere, and subject in another, to a common su-
preme—how admirably formed in this beautiful sys-
tem, to reconcile opposing views, to decide, by
peaceful legislation or judicial decision, difficuities
which, arising among rival sovereignties, would de-
mand for their adjustment negotiation or the sword!
And why confine its expansion by any limits save
those of convenience? How many empires of the
earth are now larger than our own? And cannot
our republic spread its blessings here, as far as mon-
archy its power abroad? The addition-of new and
adjacent regions to our dominion, instead of weak-
ening, greatly strengthens the bonds of our Union.
It augments the power against. which the spirit of
disunion must contend whenever it awakes. It
multiplies counteracting interests, and lessens the
danger of its influence. Has the voice of disloyal-
ty been heard from our advancing population, in
their conquest of the wilderness? The new States
of the confederacy equal in number the old, and are
more than double their extent. Let me not be told
that an increase of territory is an increase of adverse
interests in our country. Under the operation of
equal laws there can be no adverse interests. It is
partial, unequal, monopolizing legislation that raises
up a conflict of interests. The true interest of eve-
ry living man is the true interest of the entire com-
munity, and of the world itself. It is an ultimate
fact, and springs from the universal harmony of
creation.
To the security which expansion brings with it,
add the benefits of free and unrestricted trade within
our borders, and the uncontrollable right of free citi-
zenship. Both advance, hand in hand, wherever
the government of the Union spreads. To feel that
throughout an extent of territory reaching on .all
sides thousands of miles, the products of industry
and the exchanges of commerce in each section flow
over the whole unrestrained and unburdened; that
a citizen of one State becomes as he goes a citizen
of every other State, regardless of birth, business,
or condition; that wherever he passes over the land,
the eye of ihe same American eagle rests upon him
—the same language, religion, customs, and laws
attend him—the same regis of government protects
him as it protects all; to feel this, is to appreciate
the advantages we enjoy, and to understand the im-
perious obligations they impose to extend broader
and broader the basis of their range. Why con-
tract it? Or, if Texas be too large and too remote,
why claim Oregon, still larger and more remote?
Why disturb Great Britain in her undisguised ef-
forts to secure it by occupancy? Or why enlarge
your jurisdiction even by the addition o£ Nebraska?
Or why move at all beyond the already purchased
lands west of the Mississippi? Indian nations yet
own and occupy untold millions of acres of land
east of the Rocky mountains. Why call them
your own? Why not rest where you now are, if
patriotism dictates the cry of the Union as it ia,"
and not as its immortal founders intended it should
be? Sir, away with this fettering system. Why
wing the eagle.in his bold ascent towards the sun?
The sky was given him for his dominion. Why
strip him of his plumage, and fix him to the earth?
Sir, you cannot, if you would, set bounds to
the indomitable energy of our noble race. Where
has the Creator raised mountains so high that
we cannot scale them—ay, and subdue and cul-
tivate them ? or spread an ocean so broad
and so deep' that we cannot swim it, and
whiten its bosom with our commerce? No, sir
To arrest our peaceful and onward march would be
treason to the cause of human liberty. Already are
we surrounded on the North, and flanked on the
East and the South by our great maritime and com-
mercial enemy. She claims to divide with us the
western empire on the Pacific. She has anchored
her power in the sea of the Antilles. Her interests
demand that Texas be forever severed from us. Her
anxiety for that event is unconcealed; and while her
diplomacy is seeking to accomplish an object so im-
portant to her welfare and hazardous to our own,
we sit here gravely debating the policy bf receiving
this domain ourselves as a free gift. And, sir, do
we hear an argument in opposition which Lord
Aberdeen himself would not use? And would not
England hail our third rejection as an act of Ameri-
can wisdom?
Sir, great, indeed, are the considerations which
should make us eager to secure this domain while
we can. The absorbing struggle of the present age
is for commercial supremacy. Great Britain and
America are destined to contend for the mastery.
The contest has already begun. We possess now
the monopoly of the cotton product of the world.
We supply all nations who manufacture it; and
for three-fourths of her consumption of the sta-
ple, England is dependent on ourselves. It is a
mighty object to relieve herself of that galling
dependence, worse than colonial bondage; for
