Jan. 1845,
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
139
28th Cong 2d Sess.
Annexation of Texas—Mr. Ellis.
H. of Reps.
upon the accustomed supply depends the em-
ployment of hundreds of millions of dollars of
her capital, the sustenance and comfort of mil-
lions of her operatives and mechanics concerned
in the manufacture, and the prosperity of a large
portion of her domestic trade, her foreign com-
merce, and her interests of navigation. To throw
off that dependence, she has long sought in vain to
create sources of supply in India, Egypt, Brazil, all
over the earth, where she could find a spot within the
tropics that gave encouragement. Sir, Texas is the
only portion of this continent (save the planting
States of our TJnion) where the wants of England
can be supplied; and, let Texas be separated from
us, let England form, as she would form, terms of
commercial intercourse most serviceable to her inter-
est and most injurious to our own, thus breaking
the fetters that now bind her in cotton vassalage to
us, and we are driven from our formidable position.
We must then compete with her in the markets of
the world against all the disadvantages of superior
wealth, power, and experience. Sir, here is the se-
cret of the vigilance and efforts of England to defeat
annexation. Give peace and independence to Tex-
as, and soon will she nse into a populous and pros-
perous empire. She has the elements of national
greatness. Before the present generation passes
away, she will surpass in population what New
England or New York now are. If she becomes a
portion of our Union, we ourselves enjoy the bene-
fits of her augmenting trade. The North must long
supply her manufactures, and carry on her naviga-
tion; the West must long supply her agricultural
and other products of consumption; and thus shall
we monopolize a great and constantly-incrcasing
commerce, which belongs by naiure and position to
ourselves. But, divided from us by rival govern-
ment and separate interests, these benefits must be
shared by the other commercial nationsof the world.
It is their policy to encourage and to cherish her
growth, to build up a competing power upon the
gulf antagonist to us.
Sir, it is surprising to hear gentlemen, especially
from the East, whose constituencies are famed for
sagacity in the concerns of enterprise and profit, un-
dervalue the importance of Texas. The true ques-
tion is not what her trade is now, or her population
now; but it is what the resources and capabilities of
the country are, and what it is destined to be, and is
in the constant process of becoming; and whether
we are to enjoy the advantages which union gives,
or divide them, or wholly surrender them to others?
Our commerce with Texas has suffered much from
the competition of other countries since the estab-
lishment by them of commercial intercourse with
her. In 1339 alone Texas consumed more than
one-fourth in amount of all our domestic manufac-
tures exported abroad and purchased by the rest of
the world; but since her independence was recog-
nised by other powers, and now, this domestic ex-
portation has sunk more than one-half by foreign
competition supplanting us. To cast away the
monopoly of this growing trade; to surrender the
monopoly of the cotton product of the world, a
power more potent m our hands for the command of
peace with foreign nations than any naval or mili-
tary force we could array—a power which, if we
choose to exert for our safety, by non-intercourse,
would instantly paralyze an incalculable mass of
capital and labor abroad, whose prostration would
produce convulsions there, and endanger the
stability and security of the nation against which
the blow should be aimed; to castaway the pow-
er we thus hold would be treason to the welfare
of our country; and dare you hazard its loss by
a temporizing policy? Who will assume a re-
sponsibility so fearful: Will you, moieover,
endanger the prosperity of our own planting States?
Let other nations establish commercial treatirs with
Texas, admitting her cotton duty free, she impos-
ing the lowest revenue duty upon their import'; of
manufactures—mutual and equivalent benefits, and
the prosperity of Texas must rise at the sacrifice of
the prosperity of our own planting States. Cheap-
er production and lower taxation in Texas must
give her citizens better profits abroad, and thus en-
able them to supplant our own staples in foreign
markets; and should we feel the ruinous competi-
tion without discontent Admit Texas into the
Union, and you deprive other nations of the power,
by discriminations m their commercial policy, of
creating rival interests and discord among us. They
cannot then disturb a settled equality which secures
our harmony.
But, sir, this measure is demanded also us a means
of greater security to our commerce on the Missis-
sippi and to our frontier defence. As an independ-
ent power, a rival in all our tropical productions,
the position of Texas, within a day's sail of the
mouth of the Mississippi, would enable her, in the
event of collision with ourselves, to harass and an-
noy the commerce of the great valley of the West
in its outlet through the mare clausum. Consider,
one moment, the importaAfce of that commerce: its
exports even now exceed, in annual value, seventy-
five millions of dollars. Nearly half the people of
the Union are spread over the vast territory watered
by the great artery of the continent and its tributa-
ries. These open to enterprise and industry naviga-
ble communications of internal trade, branching in
ail directions, quadruple in extent the inland nav-
igation, natural and artificial, which now floats the
commerce of New York, and makes her still the
emporium of the New World; and immeasurably
superior to that which supplies the internal trade
of Paris, London, Peking, Canton, or that which,
in ancient days, reared up the mighty cities of Bab-
ylon and Thebes with their twenty millions of in-
habitants. The imagination startles at the concep-
tion of what New Orleans (or some other depot of
exchange which necessity will force up at the mouth
of the Mississippi) is destined to become. Not
only our commeice m the gulf, but our borders upon
the southwest, opening through mighty rivers, thou-
sands of miles to the advance of a hostile army,
would be exposed to attack. With Texas alone as
a foe, her capacity to inflict injury and annoyance,
when she becomes a powerful empiie, as she is des-
tined soon to be, is m truth formidable. But let her
interests unite with the interests of England, and
let them both be arrayed against in, and what then
must be our position' Look at the posture of Eng-
land in the gulf, and tell me, can she be permitted to
add to her strength there without imminent peril to
ourselves? She has the Bahama islands, which
group along the commercial path that leads around
the coast of Florida. She has the Bermudas, which
stand out upon the east, and where she could harbor
every ship of the line in her navy, and from either
position watch, attack, retreat. She has Jamaica in
the rear of Cuba, commanding the western pass
around the key of the gulf. She is posted in Hon-
duras, which overlooks at once the mare clausum
and the Caribbean sea; and she has the islands
which block the entrance to that sea. We will
not now examine her positions at the north and
east; but looking only here, can we not see
the exposure and the peril that surround one-half
the commerce of the Union m the event of war'
Give her a naval and a military resting spot in
the harbors of Texas, and from what points are you
not then endangered? The valiant member from
Ohio, [Mr. Brinkerhoff,] with his "tipper Mis-
sourians," may indeed keep the outlet of the Mis-
sippi clear; but like an Indian opening, the clearance
would but expose your commerce to the rapacity
of an enemy. He would find his insect not a
"humbug,"'1 but a hornet. Sir, you can never be
secure until you can control all the important chan-
nels of the Gulf of Mexico. Other powers now
divide that control with you. Let us, then, when
we can, make sure of Texas. Let us see that Cuba
hereafter passes into the possession of no European
power, other than Spain, under any contingency
whatever; and if in time events shall lead the way,
let us peacefully acquire every position in the Gulf
which can enable an enemy to destroy, or a rival to
supplant our commerce there.
Sir, we are told, in the spirit of rebuke, by oppo-
nents of this measure, of the exposure of our fron-
tier States on the North to British power. True.
Let us strengthen and fortify ourselves there. But
is that exposure a reason for rejecting acquisitions
giving us security on the South? The territory
drained by the streams flowing into our own rivers
and lakes at the North, and that which commands
the outlet of these to the ocean, and of its harbors
there, belong by nature to ourselves. The time
will come when foreign power can no longer sepa-
rate a people identified in interest, united in territory
and m the sympathies of freedom. When that
time does come, will the South draw back her sup-
port? Never, sir. I confide in her devotion to the
welfare of the Union The events of the revolu-
tion, and of the second war of independence, demon-
strate alike the nationality c£ her feeling and the
feeling of the North.
But, sir, look to the western interior, and you
will find the position of Texas indispensable to en-
able you to control the Indian nations there, and to
be secure against the designs of an enemy to bring
upon yo ur frontier a savage war. Let no man call
this danger, too, a "humbug." Both the great
wars in which our country has been involved have
seen the savages the allies of an adversary whose
path has trailed with their butcheries. With more
than sixty thousand warriors whom your policy
has transferred to the borders of Arkansas and
Missouri, separated from Texas for hundred of
miles, only by rivers and arbitrary lines, you are
bound to give ample protection to the frontier men,
and secure to those States undoubted security and
peace. It can never be done while Texas may be-
come an enemy, or the ally of our enemy.
But, sir, this measure rises in magnitude when
when you look to Oregon, a territory you are now
advancing to occupy. Texas approaches the verge
of the mountain pass through which alone upon the
South, you penetrate the grand rocky range, and
reach the shores of the Pacific. Will you force the
establishment of an independent power which, now
as 'the ally of your enemy, or hereafter alone as
your foe, may at once harass your commerce in
the Gulf and your pathway to Oregon? Dare you
permit the security of your intercourse with the
new land of promise to be endangered? Sir, they
are indissolubly united by the hand of nature, and
must not be divided by the blind policy of man.
Your course is onward. With Texas anu Oregon,
your brilliant destiny opens before you. The com-
merce of the great valley is then secorcd. The com-
merce of Northern Mexico is vours; and you lay
the foundations of an empire on the Pacific, which,
m its consequences, will ere long revolutionize
the most powerful kingdoms of the earth. There
to Oregon your ever active population will press
forward with mtell gent and unconqueiable en-
ergy. Your arts, your manufactures, your in-
dustry, your capital, whatever is American, will
go with them. Connecting chains of steam commu-
nication must soon traverse the continent, and unite
the two oceans that embrace it. Time and space are
annihilated. The interchanges of commerce will
speed thousands of miles from the shores of the At-
lantic to the Pacific, far sooner than they could
pass in the last generation to our inland lakes.
Then, with the monopoly of the cotton prod-
uct of the world in your hand, you will stand
upon Oregon and look over upon the
snores of Asia Leaving England and the oth-
er nations of Europe beh nd you, you will have ad-
vanced thousands "of miles nearer than they to
China, to India, to the western coast of the Asiatic
continent. The republics of South America, too,
which skirt the Pacific, will lay within the embrace
of your commerce on the West. Then shall we
open in earnest the contest with England for com-
mercial supremacy in the world. Competition will
gradually undermine her prosperity. The distant
markets for her manufactures will, one by one
drop from her grasp, till American industry and
skill will supplant her in them all. From the day
when Texas and Oregon are brought under th<
sway of American enterprise, begins the decline
and its ultimate triumph comes the downfall c
the British empire. S>r, the generation which fol
lows us will see the day when that over&hadowint
monarchy, whose power now encircles the globe
which has everywhere for ages past seized the mos
important commercial positions, making all nation;
tributary to her wealth and aggrandizement; a pow
er which once assumed to dictate the maritime laws
of the earth, till we triumphantly appealed from he
imperious decisions to the superior law of the sword
a power which now aims to maintain her prosperitj
by seeking to control the domestic arrangements o
a large portion of our own country;—another gene
ration, I say, will see that now mighty power re
ceding before the advance of American energy ant
freedom.
But, sir, where is the great statesman of ou
country who has not foreseen and urged the vas
importance of this territory to our Union? It wa
embraced in the cession to us by France in 1803
and our rights were relinquished to Spain by th
treaty of 1821. The diplomatic histoiy of ou
country records the undeniable fact, that it has bcei
claimed, as our own, by the purest and the ables
public, men of all parties. Opinions have slighl;
varied as to the precise extent of the limits, hntth
character of Jefferson, Madison, Monroe, Adamf
Clay, Jackson, Van Buren, with others <ts able j
not, as eminent as they, stands pledged before th
country for the validity of our rights under the ces
sion of Louisiana; and every administration, excep
