145
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
28th CoSg 2d Sess.
Jan. 1848.
Annexation of Texas—Mr. Ellis.
H. of Heps.
the last, since the treaty of 1821, has sought, by ne-
gotiation, to reobtain this very territory to the Rio
Bravo del Norte, and have moreover authorized the
proposal of millions for its purchase. Without in-
quiring what influences led to its surrender, let me
ask, is it not amazing that an object but lately urged
with unparalleled unanimity, should now be re-
sisted by the utmost force of partisan hostility?
and that, too, by men who have ranked foremost,
and whose voice was heard loudest and boldest, in
the assertion of our claim, and in strenuous efforts
to regain the lost domain? Sir, their passions have
survived their consistency. It is the exasperation
of political ambition which thus quenches the spirit
of patriotism. How deplorable that great interests
of our country, and our obligations to posterity,
should all be forgotten in an idolatrous devotion to
men, and a reckless zeal for the victory of party !
Sir, now that the popular will has been pronounced,
let me invoke our opponents, not in the spirit of ex-
ultation, but of sincere conciliation, to ratify its
decision. Why fight over again the battle upon
this floor? The Senate of the United States, on the
15th of May last, by formal resolution, declared
that "the will of the people of this Union ought to
be consulted on the subject of the annexation of
Texas;" and removing the injunction of secrecy,
solemnly submitted the question for their decision.
The convention of the representatives of the democ-
racy of the Union at Baltimore, on the 28th of the
same month, announced that this was a great na-
tional measure, which ought to be effected at the
earliest practicable period. The presidential nomi-
nee of the democracy reaffirmed the policy laid down
by the convention, while the great leader of the op-
position, (Mr. Clay,) backed by his party, broke
ground against the positions thus taken. Here,
then, was a great issue formed between the great
contending parties of our country. The people
responded to the appeal. The cause of annexation
was triumphant; and here, I repeat, should be an
end of the controversy. The mighty denunciations
of Webster, the reckless and remorseless appeals of
Seward, the burning wrath of Adams, the turbu-
lence of a thousand orators, and of a thousand
presses, fell upon the public ear, and poured out their
argument, their threats, their violence, in vain. In
all the mighty gatherings of the democracy through
the land, the banner of the "lone star" waved high-
est, and broadest, and brightest in the breeze; and
what shout did you hear, so loud, so deep, so enthu-
siastic, as that which proclaimed that Texas should
be ours? that this dismembered domain should be
re-embraced within the ample folds of our blessed
Union?
But this decision, instead of peace, brings us a re-
newal of the war. The gentleman from Pennsylva-
nia, who led the debate in opposition to the meas-
ure, [Mr. J. R. Ingersoll,] insists that annexation
by legislation is unconstitutional. His political friends
follow in his wake, and I regret to find that any
democrat here should feel constrained to concur in
a view which, if sustained, must forever defeat this
great measure of the public voice. It is said the
acquisition can be made only through the treaty-ma-
king power. Sir, I am surprised that since the de-
cision of the people, this ground should be taken
even by the opponents of annexation. In all the
discussions before that ultimate tribunal; in all the
agitation of this measure throughout the nation,
who ever dreamed that its consummation was to
be postponed till the democratic party should form
a majority of two-thirds of the members of the Sen-
ate? the number requisite to ratify a treaty. Who
did not understand that the whig party in that body
and in the country, were hostile to the measure?
And who does not know that the democracy cannot,
in years to come, perhaps not in a generation, ob-
tain there the ascendency necessary? No! annexa-
tion by treaty is practical rejection—yes, sir, rejec-
tion ! The people looked forward in their decision
to the action of a power over which they have some
control—the Congress of the United States. Their
representatives were everywhere required to avow
the opinions they entertained. In New York8
efforts were not wanting even in the demo-
cratic ranks to plant the seeds of disaffection and
secretly to secure the nomination of candidates op-
posed to annexation. It did not prevail. The peo-
ple were right. But all parties had Congress in
view as the body by which this question was to be
settled, and not the treaty-making power. Having
rejected one treaty formed after mature deliberation
by both republics, what an insult to Texas would it
not be, to propose again negotiation? It was
not the provisions of the treaty, if annexation
was to take place; but it was the expe-
diency of the measure—its political aspect—
and its constitutionality, that decided, avowedly
so, the action of more than a majority of that body.
What administration would dare now again, after a
third repulse, to invite Texas, thus spurned, to en-
ter into renewed negotiation equally liable and as
likely to be rejected? No, sir: if we obtain Texas
at all, it can now be only by a measure advanced by
ourselves, to which we shall stand committed, and
which may be consummated by her acceptance sim-
ply. Will you ask her to expose herself again to
the taunts of foreign powers? She never will con-
sent. Her illustrious President, in retiring from
his distinguished place, now but recently declared,
in his valedictory to the nation, that Texas ought
never again to ask admission to our Union, but was
bound to pursue such policy as her interests might
dictate, regardless of the measure; and if the Uni-
ted States should propose annexation, its acceptance
or rejection should be for her own consideration.
Would honor permit her course to be otherwise?
While the people of Texas and the people of the
Union are both agreed, are we to be driven back up-
on the treaty-making power, ready to resist the pu!>
lic will? And even aid you believe an event so im-
probable as the acquiescence of a constitutional ma-
jority of two-thirds of the Senate, dare you hazard
the postponement of the measure another year—
while other powers are deeply interested, and deep-
ly anxious, and seeking to defeat the union, appeal-
ing to the government with the argument of special
favors, while ambitious aspirants are appealing to
the injured feelings of the people? Sir, the whole
responsibility of the result rests now upon our-
selves; and while I would ever respect my own con-
stitutional scruples, I would also respect that public
opinion which is the safest interpreter of constitu-
tional power, and allow its influence in the solution
of my doubts.
But the constitutional power of Congress to ac-
quire Texas is denied, and 1 admit that the advo-
vocates of acquisition are bound to show authority.
To my apprehension it is plain. "New States,"
says the constitution, "may be admitted into the
Union by Congress." The power is unlimited ex-
cept in the wisdom and discretion of the legislative
and executive authori'y- It is no answer to say
that the framers of that instrument intended this
provision as applicable only to the territory then
owned by the United States. There is no restric-
tion. But it is a portion of the history of the for-
mation of the constitution, that a provision restrict-
ing the admission of new States, except out of terri-
tory then owned by the United States, was pro-
posed in the convention and rejected there. The
fact shows that no limitation was intended as to ter-
ritory. The convention, in the consummation of
their labors, looked around them, and surveyed the
whole continent. The power to admit Texas as a
State, we maintain, is equally a power to receive
her as a territory, for that object, preparatory to her
admission as a State. For reasons obvious to all,
the acquisition as a territory should be desired in
preference to direct and immediate admission as a
State. We should acquire her public lands and
subject them to our system, establishing, in that re-
spect, an equality over all our domain. There
ought to be no anomaly m her condition; her po-
litical sovereignty ought to be extinguished before
admission, that no question, however unreasonable,
could be raised by other powers, as to the contin-
uance of her treaty obligations. They would cease
the moment her political existence should cease.
Her conversion into a territory would be political
extinction. Annexation as a territory, therefore, is
preferable. Now, besides the express power to "ad-
mit new States," Congress has also the express
power of passing "all laws necessary and proper"
to carry that into execution. The object then
is clearly constitutional—the admission of a
State; the means—the acquisition of terrritory
on condition of admission as a State—are strictly
adapted to that object, and jn accordance with
it, and important to the end, and reasonable
in itself. In view of these purposes, a law of an-
nexation as territory, is "necessary and proper."
Legislation, within these limits, under the constitu-
tional provision cited, can not, theiefore, be an in-
fraction of the constitution. Without that provi-
sion, one-half of all your action here would be nu-
gatory, and the operations of your government be
suspended. A multitude of cases, it is true, may be
supposed, in which Congress would have no power
tb legislate, notwithstanding a plausible appearance
of necessity. Every case depends tin its own na-
ture, and its own circumstances. In the acquisi-
tion of Texas, as territory, we enact that, oil certain
terms, she shall become a portion of ours. She con-
sents. She codes her domain. We accept it. She
makes the transfer, and we take it on terms pre-
viously designated. Cannot the United States re-
ceive a grant of territory? Cannot Congress settle
the mode? We received a munificent legacy, the
Smithsonian bequest, without objection, and are
now deliberating how it shall be disposed of.
But, sir, the whole power of Congress to act is
denied, on the ground that Texas, being a State
foreign to us, cannot be received in any form but
through a compact; that Congress cannot make a
compact with a foreign power; that this can on-
ly be done by the President and Senate as the
treaty-making power. Those who reason thus
profess to be strict constructionists; to stand
on a democratic, platform. They do not, in-
deed, enlarge the powers of Congress by con-
struction, but they do annihilate those powers by
construction; and what is more, they thus seek
to build up and strengthen the aristocratic and
almost irresponsible branch of the government
at the expense of the popular and responsible
branch. They confer, by implication, on the
President and Senate alone, a power so potential,
that it is made to prostrate an express power
given to Congress. The President and Senate
make treaties; Congress admits new States.
This is the constitution. The President and
Senate, under their power to make treaties, assume
the power to purchase territory. The new school of
strict constructionists then deny the power of Con-
gress to admit a new State beyond our own limits,
unless the President and Senate first purchase the
territory. An expressly granted power .of Con-
gress thus becomes paralyzed, unless an assumed
power of the President and Senate may give it life
and action. Nothing is said, in terms, in the consti-
tution, concerning the acquisition of territory. But
the right of Congress to admit new States is perfect,
absolute, unrestricted. This position is impregna-
ble. It carries with it, we contend, also, the right of
Congress to receive territory, for the purpose of ad-
mission as a State, quite as clearly as the right of the
President and Senate to make treaties gives them
the power to purchase territory. It is said this con-
struction makes the incidental superior to the speci-
fied power. I deny it. It is still subordinate. But
if it does, is that so in one case more than in the
other? The acquisition of territory, in this view of
the subject, is an incident, at all events. The only
difference is, that one argument makes it an incident
to the power of Congress, including the President,
Senate, and House of Representatives; the other
makes it an incident to the power of the President
and Senate alone. But again am I reminded that
the power of the President and Senate to make a
treaty precludes the power of Congress to make a
compact, because a treaty is a compact. But is
every compact a treaty? A treaty implies negotia-
tion. It presupposes and is based upon it. It is
negotiation. To treat is to negotiate. It was given
to the President and Senate as the most convenient
medium of settling differences wilh other nations.
]t cannot admit a State. Of what use, then, is the
intervention of this power for that purpose when
negotiation has been had, or has failed, or is unneces-
sary? There is nothing of negotiation in the arrange-
ments intended between us and Texas. We, by an
act of legislation, propose to admit her as a State, or
to receive her as a territory, whichever proposi-
tion before us shall be adopted. In either case
she accepts, comes into the Union as a State under a
modified constitution, or cedes her territory and ju-
risdiction to us. Shall the power to the President
and Senate to make a treaty, absorb into that body
and take from Congress all arrangements with for-
eign nations which partake of the nature of agree-
ment' Sir, it is an assumption exploded by the
whole history of our legislation from the foundation
of the Union. The acts of non-intercourse are ex-
amples of legislative compact sanctioned by time and
authority. The system began ill 1798. It was re-
vived in 1809, and continued in 1810, and not re-
pealed till the peace of 1815. One of those acts of
Congress prohibited the public vessels of Great
Britain and Prance from entering the waters of the
United States; but, at the same time, proposed that,
if either power should, within a specified period,
repeal or modify her edicts injurious to us, as there-
in mentioned, and the other power should refuse so
