|ari. 1840.
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
14i
28t  Cong 2d Sess.
Annexation of Texas—Mr. Ellis.
H. of Reps.
to do, for a specified period thereafter, then certain
expired laws of Congress, excluding the citizens of
those nations frorri trading here, should be revived
against the nation so refusing, but that the interdic-
tion contained in the law against the nation so re-
voking or modifying, should cease. Here was a
proposition in the nature of a compact. Its accept-
ance bound us in good faith to fulfil it. That obliga-
tion could alone wake its tender of importance.
France did, in fact, revoke, and received the benefits
of the law, while Great Britain refused, complained,
negotiated, and went to war. Here is an example
as objectionable, on the principle of legislative com-
pact, as any arrangements proposed with Texas.
But, sir, another legislative compact, preceded by
negotiation, too, and of a recent date, forms a con-
spicuous era in the history of our commercial inter-
course with Great Britain. Who has forgotten the
loss of the British West India colonial trade during
the administration of Mr. Adams, by our omission
to comply, in season, with the terms of intercourse
prescribed by an act of Parliament? It was recover-
ed during the administration of General Jackson,
through an arrangement made with the British gov-
ernment by mutual legislation. The law of Congress
provided that if Great Britain would open her ports
to vessels of the United States in her colonies, on
certain terms, as to duties of tonnage and imports
and as to the right of exportation and importation,
the ports of the United States should be open to the
British vessels from the colonies on terms reciprocal.
When evidence of the compliance of that govern-
ment should be presented to the President, he was
required to make proclamation of the fact. The op-
eration of the law then commenced. Upon the faith
of this law, and in pursuance of its provisions,
Great Britain, by order in council, did open her
ports, and the arrangement was thus consummated,
and now forms the basis of commercial intercourse
between the two countries. Here is practically a
compact formed and executed by legislation, not by
treaty. True, it did not cede territory. But where
is the difference in principle, so far as the right or
capacity of making a compact is concerned, between
this arrangement and that we propose with Texas?
But, sir, the power of acquiring territory would
exist without any provisions of the constitution au-
thorizing the admission of new States. I know it
is said Sir. Jefferson doubted the power of the ac-
quisition of Louisiana, and suggested an amendment
of the constitution. Why is this fact perpetually al-
luded to by gentlemen in opposition? Sir, one would
suppose that such deference to his views might in-
duce them to follow his example—to correct an
error by a change of opinion. The power is in-
herent in sovereignty. It is necessarily incidental
to it. Suppose you conquer a nation in war: can
you not extend your jurisdiction over her terri-
tory? And can you not equally extend your
jurisdiction without war, if there be no impedi-
ment to your progress, especially with the con-
sent, not to say invitation, of those who occupy
and own the territory? Was there ever assembled
before such a modest, self-sacrificing, unambitious
body of legislators as the opponents of annexation
in this hall? Had they, instead of our ancestors,
been the first to land upon these shores, sure I am
they would have reposed forever on the beach of
Plymouth. Sir, the history of the United States is
a history of territorial acquisitions. Who owns
the lands west of the Mississippi? Who owns Ne-
braska? Who Oregon? of both of which you are
soon to take possession. We claim it. But what
is the foundation of our right? To one portion, it
is power; to another portion, disc overt and power
both. It did not come by the British treaty of
peace in 1783. Her jurisdiction was east of the
Mississippi. True, we acknowledge a possessory
right in the Indians. We obtain cessions from them.
But do we wait for Indian cessions, before stretch-
ing our government and laws over the whole coun-
try, from the outer settlements to the remotest
depths of the wilderness? No, sir. Under the au-
thority, not of purchase, but of the inherent rights
of sovereignty, do we go forward, "asking no ques-
tions;" we take possession, erect our forts, plantour
flag; post our troops: exercise the functions of gov-
ernment, claiming, taking, and holding the territory
as our own, and -when our papulation spreads
around the Indian nations or approaches their loca-
tions, we buy them out. And, sir, we have thus
advanced for generations, and have, moreover,
solemnly proclaimed to the world, through the ex-
ecutive and legislative departments of the govern-
ment, that we will allow no European power to
colonize any portion of this mighty continent, as-
serting our own claim as paramount to all. Yet, sir,
gentlemen have constitutional scruples to the annex-
ation of Texas, with her consent, as a territory
or a State by legislation; but to the acquisition of
Nebraska and of Oregon by legislation they have
none. Sir, since the foundation of our government,
have we done little else but press forward through
the wilderness, without a shadow of authority, ex-
cept the law of nature and the right of appropria-
tion by the power of inherent sovereignty; and
even but recently have we sent out upon the ocean
a squadron of exploration and discovery, with in-
junctions to raise the banner of the "stars and
stripes" upon unoccupied and unknown portions of
the globe. Away, then, with the pretence, so un-
befitting the dignity of American progress, that
Congress cannot do, with the consent of the nation
interested, that which our legislation has ever done,
and still is doing, without the consent of any peo-
ple on earth. Let these constitutional scruples be
solved by practical blessings. Every degree of lon-
gitude we make towards the West is an advance of
the cause of civilization. To us is committed the
responsibility of consummating the work of our
fathers. Those noble and heroic spirits established
the great principles of American freedom and of
the constitution. They laid the foundations of the
last and the noblest empire of time—the empire of
liberty and of law—the empire of the arts, of
science, of religious freedom, and of intellectual
power—an empire opening for the improvement of
the condition of man a dominion extending over the
illimitable expanse of morals and of mind. Sir,
let us occupy it. Let our feelings and our action
rise to the high range of our duties and our des-
tiny.
But, sir, let us come to the great practical objec-
tions made to the measure by its opponents. The
gentleman from Pennsylvania protests against it on
the ground that it will perpetuate slavery, and what
he called the "detestable practice of slave-breeding."
I regret that this stale imputation against our south-
ern brethren of slave-breeding for market should
find utterance on this floor. Where is the evidence
of such a business anywhere in our country? Let
imputations like these be left to the vulgar tribe of
English tourists, reviewers, and orators, the Fid-
dlers, the Dickenses, the O'Connells; but if their vitu-
peration is to be sanctioned here; if imputations pal-
pably absurd on their face, and which ought to be
known to all well-informed men to be unfounded in
fact, are to be repeated here, we need not wonder,
though we may blush at the mortifying misrepre-
sentations of our national character abroad. But,
sir, since the gentleman has made the assumption,
let me ask, does he really expect that the rejection
of Texas will abate or suspend the physical laws of
negro propagation? He seems to suppose that high
prices will stimulate production as they do in a
manufactory, where the power used is in propor-
tion to the demand and supply. But let me assure
him that so long as the field of occupation and sup-
port for the negro race is as broad as it now is, and
for generations must be, in the southern portion of
the Union, nature will assert her rights of progres-
sion quite as effectually as if Texas be added to our
dominions. If the gentleman really believes his own
proposition, will he tell us how an existing profit-
able demand for slave labor m Texas, occasioned by
annexation, should induce owners further North,
where the labor is less profitable, to retain them
for breeding, instead of taking the benefit of the
market—preferring the chances, not only of un-
certain increase, but of an uncertain market in
years to come? Sir, it cannot be. The increase
of the demand must necessarily lead, not to burrow-
ing, but the emigration; and this truth is an answer
also to the assumption that the acquisition of this
territory will prolong the duration of slavery. Sir,
why should we of the North object to the measure,
independent of all other considerations, on account
of slavery? We are not responsible for its exist-
ence. If it be an-objection to Texas, it is equally
an objection to Louisiana, to Arkansas, to Missou-
ri—territory not embraced in the original domain
of the United States, but ceded to us by France m
1803. It is equally an objection to Florida, acquired
frr-m Spain in 1821. Here is a portion of our coun-
try of an importance beyond computation; without
which the Union would be dismembered by the
Mississippi, and the commerce of its valley be laid
open to an enemy from the Illinois to the Gulf, and
in its passage te the ocean would be at the mercy of
a foreign power seated on the peninsula. Ought jye
of the North to repudiate these mighty acquisitions
of Jefferson and Monroe, to purify ourselves from
the stain of slavery which we neither make nor can
unmake? Sir, this objection, if sound, strikes at
the very foundation of the Union itself. Why
should the Union have been formed, or why contin-
ue the association, if our moral sensibilities are so
shocked at an institution over which the North never
had and never can have control, that we refuse to
extend the jurisdiction of the government over an-
other important and magnificent domain which em-
braces slavery, and which may continue to embrace
it whether brought within our jurisdiction or not?
How absurd the objection ! Can annexation make
one slave more than now exists? Will it impair the
right of Texas to control or abolish the institu-
tion? No, sir; but it will preclude the possibility
of the existence of the slave trade between that
country and others, because under our constitution
such trade is prohibited. Perpetuate slavery ! Sir,
it is not the annexation but the rejection of Texas
that will perpetuate it. Confine the negro popula-
tion within the limits of the present slave States,
and you inevitably fix it upon them forever, or in
time convert them into a continental Hayti! Who
but must shrink from the thought of the accumula-
tion of this population in those States with no out-
let of emigration? Sir, no patriot—no, sir, no hon-
est man—who does not prefer an inferior and de-
graded race to his own, can for a moment desire it.
Let the States that are free put the question to
themselves, had you a slave population equal to
your white, and increasing more rapidly than your
own, would you for one instant submit to have a
prison wall drawn around you? Abolition will an-
swer; free them ! Suppose you do. Does that re-
move them? What is to become of this mighty
mass when deprived of their domestic home—the
home of physical comfort which the master is bound
to provide, and with rare exception does provide?
You would not admit them, individually or m dense
masses, to a condition of civil, social, or political
equality. Instinct forbids it. Sir, your country
would be filled with starvation, pauperism, and
crime. But open Texas, and the way is prepared
not only for the safety of the South, but for the ulti-
mate and not far distant extinction of slavery itself.
The superior capacity and adaptation of that coun-
try for tropical productions must necessarily carry
forward slave labor in that direction if embraced
within our jurisdiction. It will drain the more
northern slave States gradually but certainly, and
soon add them to the numberof the free. It will push
the institution further and further from the capital
of the Union. It is this inevitable operation of the
unobstructed laws of progress that renders the ac-
quisition of Texas more important and desirable.
As a slave State of our Union, it will gradually be-
come the receptacle of that population in its natural
emigration towards the South, and hereafter form
its outlet to Mexico and the equator. Such, on this
continent, is the destination of slavery. A single
generation will not pass away if this measure be ac-
complished, before the States of Delaware, Mary-
land, Virginia, Kentucky, and Missouri join their
sisters of the North in emancipation, then made safe
by the drain of emigration. North Carolina and
Tennessee must soon afterwards follow their exam
pie. It is a change which depends upon natural
laws, where obstructions to progress are removed.
As soil becomes impoverished or labor less produc-
tive, migration must advance, while inducements to
more profitable occupation open the way. These
opinions are not visionary. They are supported
not only by reason, but also by fact. Had slavery
been restricted to the original southern States which
skirt the Atlantic, what would have been their con-
dition in reference to the African race? Three mil-
lions of that population would have been confined
where less than half the number now are. The
progress of the race, as new States have arisen, in-
dicates the inevitable effect of a continuance of the
drain. True, Texas herself,and the extreme south-
ern and southwestern States, may themselves in
time be overwhelmed with this population. But is
not its transfer from the more northern States, dis-
burdening them of the incumbrance, a blessing?
Must not the laws ef population and of produc-
tive industry necessarily open an outlet to Mexico
and the central portions of the continent? The trop-
ical regions of the earth, to which the Creator has
wisely adapted the characteristics of the African, ia
destined as their abiding home. In Mexico and
Central America the commingling of the Moorish,
the Indian, and African races of mankind, are there
