144.
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
Jan. 1848.
28th Cong.... 2d Sess.
Annexation of Texas—Mr. Rkett.
H. of Reps.
is our warrant, full and plenary, stripped of all con-
struction or incidents. I maintain, therefore, that
we have the "vantage ground," as Lord Bacon calls
it, in the commencement of the argument; and that
those who affirm that the gran t is limited or quali-
fied, are bound to show it. Let us see, in their
first objection, how their alleged qualification will
stand.
The objection takes it for granted that the treaty-
making power, either directly, or by the purchase
of territory, may add new States to the Union. This
concession is made, I suppose, under the authority
of the precedents in the Louisiana and Florida trea-
ties, and the decision of the Supreme Court of the
United States upon them, affirming them to be con-
stitutional. To those who maintain that the Su-
preme Court is the ultimate arbiter on all constitu-
tional questions, the concession is a matter of course.
To dispute it shows in them, at least, either a desper-
ate state of the argument, or a desperate intent on
revolution. Accordingly, it has been almost unan-
imously conceded, although a few, who never be-
fore quoted the constitution but to break it, still talk
of its limitations and Mr. Jefferson in 1803.
Now, sir, I ask, by what authority is it claimed
for the treaty-making power to admit new States, or
to purchase foreign teritory, out of which new States
are to be made? There is no express grant given to
the treaty-making power to purchase new territory,
or to act in any way on the subject. The authority
to purchase territory, or to open the way for the ad-
mission of new States, if it exist at all, must be in-
cidental to some other power. What power is that?
It is found, and found only, in the clause, "Con-
gress may admit new States into the Union." So
then, because Congress "may admit new Stetes into
the Union," it is affirmed and conceded that the
treaty-making power, consisting of the President
and the Senate, may, as a "necessary and proper
means" to carry out this express grant, purchase
foreign territory, and thus bring new States into the
Union. Now, I put it to gentlemen, is not this
power claimed for the treaty-making power far less
inferential than if it was conceded to Congress? and
does it not necessarily include the power in Con-
gress' Congress "may admit new States into the
Union"—therefore, Congress might purchase terri-
tory, or legislate in any other way, to form new
States—would be the first direct inference; and
when you leap over this direct inference, and de-
duce one more remote—that because "Congress may
admit new States into the Union," the treaty-ma-
king power may therefore acquire the territory out
of wnich they shall be erected—do you not con--
cede the nearer and closer deduction of power—that
Congress shall do the same thing?
But let us descend into the reasons for which this
power was given to Congress, and see how they
will bear out the position that the treaty-making
making is exclusively omnipotent in this matter.
It appears to me, sir, that in committing to Con-
gress the subject of admitting new States into the
Union, the framers of the constitution were only
carrying out the analogies of the constitution in its
original formation, in the admission of the ori-
ginal States into the Union, which was done in the
framing and adoption of the constitution, two forms
of assent were required—first, the assent of the
States, through the governments of the States; and,
secondly, the assent of the people of the States. In
the convention which framed the constitution, the
States, through their State governments, only were
represented. The delegates were sent by the State
legislatures, as the senators now are sent in the
other wing of the Capitol. In the convention they
voted by States, standing together as coequal sove-
reigns; and when the convention first, and the Con-
gress of the old confederation, where also the States,
as States only, were represented, afterwards unani-
mously recommended the adoption of the constitu-
tion, the States, as States, had exhausted their
power of assent. But this was not enough.
Another element of approval was required. To
the people of the States, assembled in convention,
the constitution was also submitted, that their as-
sent should also be obtained. Thus the constitution
went into operation, and the old States entered into
the Union—first, by the assent of the States, as
States; and, secondly, by the assent of the people
of the States. And is not this precisely the kind
of assent obtained, when, by Congress, a new State
is admitted into the Union? The States, acting
through their senators in the Senate, and the people
of the States, acting through this body, both deter-
mine on the admission. I maintain, then, that from
the analogy of the original formation of the Union,
and the admission of the old States into it, the argu-
ment is strong, that a similar form of admission,
through Congress, is required of new States by the
constitution.
And if we look into the practice of nations, we
may discover some of the reasons which induced the
framers of the constitut on to commit this delicate
power of admitting new States into the Union rather
to Congress than the treaty-making power. Nations,
dealing with nations, seldom show any scruples as
to the means employed to accomplish their end. In
so high a matter as that of a new, and, perhaps,
powerful State, being incorporated into the Union,
corruption and bribery get her in, or corruption
and bribery to keep her out, was naturally
to be expected. Not only the particular State
applying, but powerful foreign States, might deem
their interests or policy to be deeply implicated in
her admission into the Union. The union of Ire-
land with England was notoriously effected by the
bribery of members «f the Irish Parliament, at the
enormous price of three millions sterling. Lord
Castlereaeh was the agent ofthe British ministry; and
in this infamous transaction first gave those proofs
of his skill and apitude for state affairs, which after-
wards lifted him to the premiership of Engl&nd. It
was with this country that the framers of our con-
stitution were best acquainted—notoriously using,
as one of the regular means of government, the bri-
bery of her own legislators to sustain every minis-
try; and of course, therefore, always prepared to
use the same instrument to corrupt the legislators or
ministers of other nations, to accomplish her ends.
Against such influences—which was most likely to
be esteemed the most effectual security against
corruption, the treaty-making power, consist-
ing of the President and two-thirds of the
Senate, or Congress, consisting of the major-
ity of the House of Representatives and a ma-
jority of the Senate. The difference between two-
thirds and a majority of the Senate, amongst the
original States forming the Union, was only six,
and now only nine senators. Which is the least
corruptible source of power—nine senators, or the
House of Representatives, consisting of two hun-
dred and twenty-three men' The framers of the
constitution acted wisely, in placing this great power
in Congress; and they acted justly, in allowing the
people to control it. "The people were certainly the
parties not the least interested in admitting new
States into the Union; why then should their voices
not be heard in the admission? The States, as
States, are not alone concerned, but the people of
States are also interested, and it is the plain dictate
of right reason, therefore, that the will of both, rep-
resented in Congress, should be required and re-
ceived on such a question. And the policy for suc-
cess agrees with the right. No act, deeply affect-
ing the people, under our forms of government, can
be satisfactory in the Union, without their sanction
and authority.
But in order, if possible, to make this matter clear-
er, let us descend a step lower into the nature and
limits of the treaty-making power, and the legisla-
tive power of Congress.
Gentlemen, in arguing this question, have assumed
two things—first, that all agreements between us
and foreign nations are treaties; and, secondly, that
all matters affecting foreign nations are exclusively
within the scope of the treaty-making power. By
both of those positions, they attempt to show that
Congress cannot admit Texas into the Union.
Now, su, on the first of these two points, we may
only differ from a difference of meaning in the terms
we use. What is the meaning of the term "treaty?"
Docs it mean a compact or an agreement between na-
tions simply? T think not; for 1 find the constitution,
amonst its prohibitions to the States, speaks in the
same clause of treaties, alliances, confederations, and
compacts. Alliances, confederations, and compacts,
may be made by treaties, but they may also be made
without them. Every treaty may be a compact, but
it does not follow that a compact may not exist with-
out a treaty. A compact may be made through the
legislatures of two countries, which would certainly
be no treaty. What then is a treaty? I answer: it
is an agreement or compact made by treating, that
is, negotiation. If treating is not required—if nego-
tiation does not take place—but two nations, by re-
ciprocal legislation, make an agreement or compact
with each other, it is nothing but an agreement or
compact, and is no treaty. Nor can I comprehend the
distinction which has been attempted to be drawn, on
the ground of the public faith being pledged in a
treaty, but. not existing in an act_nf legislation.
Either form of agreement between nations is equal-
ly obligatory; and one, no more than the other, in-
volves the public faith. If one nation stipulates
with another, in consideration of certain advantages
received, to give certain other advantages for a cer-
tain specified time, it matters not through what or-
gans they act—their feith is pledged: and to repeal
the law before the expiration of the time stipulated,
would be as gross a breach of the public faith as the
direct repudiation of a treaty. If no time for its du-
ration is stipulated, of course a law, like' atreaty,
may, at any time, be repealed or putaside. I contend,
then, that compacts are not necessarily treaties; and
that, in proposing a compact of union with Texas,
we do not propose to make a treaty. So far as
treating is concerned, it has, indeed, been had al-
ready. The treaty-making power, on this very sub-
ject, has exhausted itself. It has negotiated, and
ascertained what terms will be accepted by Texas.
We now propose to effect a union between ourselves
and Texas, and have no need of further treating or
negotiation.
But there are compacts and agreements with for-
eign nations which are exclusively within the scope
of the treaty-making power; and there are compacts
and agreements with foreign nations which require
the co-operation of the treaty-making power and
the legislation of Congress; and there are compacts
and agreements with foreign nations which can and
ought to be made by Congress alone. A brief con-
sideration of these different points may show to
which of these classes the measure of annexing
Texas to the Union belongs.
I lay down this proposition: that, in all agree-
ments with foreign nations which are extra-territo-
rial in their operation, and which can be fully exe-
cuted by the treaty-making power itself, the treaty-
making power, under the constitution, has exclusive
jurisdiction. There are many interests of this kind:
such as the right of search at sea—making peace—
contraband—mutual rendition of prisoners of war
and property seized in war—settlement of bounda-
ries, where the territory belongs to the nations con-
tracting: in all such cases, the treaty-making power
has exclusive jurisdiction, because the agreements
or compacts made are executed without the territory
of the United States, and the President of the Uni-
ted States, a part of the treaty-making power, can
fulfil them.
But when a compact or agreement with a foreign
nation is inter-territorial as well as extra-territorial,
is municipal as well as foreign in its operation,
Congress has aright to act, and always has acted, in
carrying them into effect, although made by the
treaty-making power alone. The co-operation of
both is required, and each is independent of the
other in its action. In consequence of its interna-
tional aspects, the treaty-making power acts. In
consequence of its internal effects, Congress acts.
The treaty for the purchase of Louisiana exempli-
fies the uses, as well as the power, of both of these
departments of government. Louisiana could never
have been acquired, but by the treaty-making pow-
er. The secrecy, despatch, and energy, by nego-
tiation, for which it was entrusted to one man—the
President of the United States—was absolutely ne-
cessary in the juncture of affairs which then exist-
ed. Napoleon had acquired it from Spain; yet he
could not keep it, with the mastery of the seas in
the hands of his great rival and foe. A few months'
delay, and Great Britain would have seized it. By
the treaty-making power, it was saved to us, and
saved to France, in the consideration we paid. But
then Congress had to legislate; because the treaty
required money to fulfil it, and Congress alone
could appropriate the money of the people. Con-
gress had to pass laws authorizing the President to
take possession of it, by the military and naval
forces of the United States, and to erect a govern-
ment, and to extend the laws of the United States
over it; because all these were municipal—internal
interests and regulations, beyond the power of
the executive to execute or control, without the
sanction and direction of Congress. Another
striking instance, in which both of these depart- '
ments of government co-operated, occurred un-
der the navigation law of 1814. Congress passed a
general law, proposing to all foreign nations certain
terms of equality and reciprocity in the duties to be
exacted on tonnage of vessels, and the goods they
carried. Great Britain made-a treaty with us, sub-
stantially accepting these terms, but varying some-
what from the terms proposed by Congress. A bill
was introduced into Congress to modify the tonnage
