jan. 1845.
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
145
28th Cong 2d Sess.
Annexation of Texas—Mr. Rhett.
H. of Beps.
duties in conformity with the treaty; and it was then
the debate arose, to which the gentleman from Mas-
sachusetts [Mr. WtNTHRor] has adverted, in which
Mr. Calhoun took the ground that the law was use-
less, for the treaty fixed the duties. But Congress
thought otherwise; and, with William Lowndes,
Randolph, and Wild, supporting the measure, it be-
came a law. Here the treaty-making power, on ac-
count of its international—external features, ar-
ranged by negotiation the terms of the compact.
Congress, on account of its internal, municipal op-
eration, passed the laws to give it its internal valid-
ity. Both powers co-operated under the constitu-
tion.
But Congress may act alone, and may make com-
pacts alone with foreign nations. In the very case
I have just cited of the tonnage law of 1814—sup-
pose Great Britain, without any treaty or negotia-
tion, had passed a law, reciting our law, and accept-
ing its terms: would it not have completed the
compact? Would not the public faith have been
pledged to its terms? In such a case, although the com-
pact was international and extra-territorial in some of
its aspect?, yet Congress would have controlled it.
And what does this position, if true, prove? Why,
thatjCongress is wider, in the scope of its power, than
the treaty-making power. The treaty-making power
cannot control and regulate the internal municipal
interests of the United States, without the co-opera-
tion of Congress; but Congress may control and
regulate our international and extra-territorial rela-
tions without the act of the treaty-making power.
Another striking elucidation of the power of Con-
gress, on these principles, is seen in the navigation
law of 1528. We prohibit, by that law, all vessels
from coming into our ports, from the colony of any
foreign nation, into whose ports our vessels are not
permitted to enter. By this act, Congress, at a
single blow, cut off all direct intercourse between
ourselves and all the colonial possessions of other
nations. This act has been followed up by a gene-
ral law, declaring that, into whatever colonial ports
the shipping of the United States is allowed by law
to enter, the shipping of any foreign nation from
those ports shall be admitted on the same terms into
the ports of the United States; and the President of
the United States, by proclamation, is authorized to
announce the privilege. Here is a general compact,
tendered to the whole world, although affecting
largely our foreign and extra-territorial relations.
Will it not bind the public faith, if accepted by any
foreign nation? Who doubts it? Who ever sug-
gested that this law was uncoils titutional? These
cases elucidate the power of Congress to make com-
pacts alone with foreign nations.
And now, sir. after this brief analysis of the ex-
tent of the treaty-making power and the power of
Congress, let us bring home these distinctions to the
measure before the committee. Is the admission of
a foreign Siate into this Union entirely an interna-
tional—extra-territorial affair, capable of being ex-
ecuted by the executive? If so, it is for the treaty-
making power alone. Is it an internal muni-
cipal interest If so, although it may be external
and international in some of its bearings, it is a
proper subject for congressional intervention and
control. A glance at the objections raised will show
the real bearing of this measure. It is said that to
admit Texas is unconstitutional. Is not this an in-
ternal—municipal affair-' It is said that it will
destroy the equipoise between the different sections
of the Union, extend slavery, promote free trade,
and weaken and destroy the Union by too great ex-
pansion. Are not all of these internal municipal
consideration^ The only external effect alleged
(and that, too, is internal) is, that it will produee
war. And where does the war-making power re-
side, but in Congress alone? if Congress thought
proper to make war with Mexico or England, and
received Texas into the Uuion to occasion it, it has
a right to do it. The act would only be another
form of declaring war Sir, from these views, I
submit that it properly belongs to Congress, both in
means and end, to admit Texas into the Union.
The second great objection to admitting Texas
into the Union, is that a foreign State cannot, by
the constitution, be admitted into the Union.
This objection rests on the independence of a fo-
reign State. The idea seems to be that a new State,
to be constitutionally admitted into the Union, must
be something less than a State—it must be a sort of
dependency. This appears to me to be a gross mis-
apprehension. To recur to the original formation
of the Union. Who made it and first entered into
it? Sovereign States-—were they not' The declara-
(m
tion of independence proclaimed that they were free,
sovereign, independent States; and the second arti-
cle of the old confederation reaffirms the same thing.
Sovereign, independent States, then, first made and
entered into the Union. Why, then, should not the
States which should afterwards enter into it be
sovereign and independent' Farther still. Every
State in the Union is now possessed of its full at-
tributes of sovereignty and independence. Will any
one deny this? Then let him lay his hand on a sin-
gle clause of the constitution which shows that the
States surrendered one atom of their sovereignty. I
take it for granted, that as wild as construction may
wanton and trifle with the solemn stipulations of the
constitution, it will hardly attempt to construe the
very being out of a State. When the sovereignty,
the entity of a State, is claimed to be surrendered, it
should be shown broad as the broad day. It is the
last thing that will or can be surrendered by a
State; and political suicide ought no more to be
presumed m a State than in an individu-
al. The constitution of the United States
is no concession of their sovereignty by
the States. It is only a concession of certain
powers of sovereignty—which the sovereign parties to
the compact have agreed by a general agency to ex-
ercise together for their common benefit. The su-
preme ultimate authority in a State, which is sover-
eignty, is still with the States, as completely as be-
fore entering into the Union; and as far as this attri-
bute is concerned, every State in this Union is as
foreign and independent of another State, as France
or Britain. It is on this principle alone that the
gentleman from Massachusetts [Mr. Winthrop]
contended that Massachusetts had a right to judge
of the constitution; and in case Texas was annexed
to the Union contrary to its terms, she had a right to
go out of the Union. I yield the right. It is un-
questionable, if the constitution is of any authority.
But it destroys his whole argument as to the uncon-
stitutionality of admitting a foreign State into the
Union. Every State in the Union being foreign
and independent, in all matters foreign to the con-
stitution, how can any State proposing to come in-
to the Union be in any other condition? To be a
State like the United States it must be sovereign.
To be a State at all, or to" come into the Union
at all, it must be sovereign. Without being
sovereign and independent, it could not enter into the
compact of union. It acts would be null and void,
without any obligation on the people. And if it can
enter into the compact of union with other sover-
eign States of the Union, must it not be sovereign
andjjindependent too? If a State belonged to the
Union, or ^-~as dependent upon it, the Union
might goverfr it, but it could not make a compact
with the Union. To make a compact with the
Union, a State must be a State—that is, sovereign
and independent; and to come into the Union, a
State must be out of it; and if out of it, then it is
foreign to it. To be a foreign State, so far as the
Union is concerned, is, therefore, a necessary state
of things, for the admission of a State into the
Union. To deny this, is to use terms without
meaning.
But I will be told the States which have hitherto
been admitted into the Union have first been Terri-
tories and dependencies on the Union. This is not
true, so far as the original States are concerned.
They were no dependencies on the Union; and each,
as it separately came into the Union, was the acces-
sion of a foreign State, politically as independent of
the Union as any European power. But suppose
they were all, as some of them have been, once de-
pendent as Territories on the government of the
Union: how does this at all affect the argument?
They did not come into the Union as dependencies.
This is impossible; for then they could notrbe one of
the States of the United States. They came into
it as equals—sovereigns—capable of making the
compact of union with the other States. Not
only docs the nature of things require this, but
the acts passed by Congress show that they as-
sumed it. Ohio, Indiana, Illinois, and Missouri,
were all authorized by Congress to make consti-
tutions, and erect State governments under them,
as sovereign States, with the pledge that after-
wards they "shall be admitted into the Union,
upon an equal footing with the original States, in all
respects whatever." Suppose, after Missouri had
made and adopted her State constitution, and erected
herself into a sovereign State, and, therefore, capable
of entering the Union as one of the States, she had
been kept out of the Union by the objections raised
to the institution of slayery—-where would she have
been now? I suppose as foreign to this Union as
any other state in Christendom. Yet her position
would not in the least have changed by the mere
continuance of her exclusion. She was out of the
Union as soon she was erected into a State, and as
absolutely foreign to it as if she had been out of it a
thousand years. But it may still be argued that she
was not a sovereign until Congress had approved
of her constitution and admitted her into the Union.
The acts of Congress show that this position is un-
tenable. The assent of Congress to these States be-
ing States, is absolute and unconditional. Congress
required the constitutions adopted by the people of
those States to be submitted to them, with the view
of fulfilling that condition in the constitution which
requires that each State in the Union should have a
"republican form of government," and to admit
them into the Union according to the pledge these
acts contained, if this condition was observed in their
constitutions. Congress could have kept them out
of the Union, as it threatened to do Missouri; but
that would not have nullified the sovereignty of
the people of Missouri, issuing into existence
by its consent. That, once existing, was the
property and the right of the people of Missouri
only, and by their act alone could be abolished.
Missouri was a free, sovereign, and independent
State, out of the Union, and foreign to the Union,
applying for admission into the union. That was
her attitude. Congress reserved the right to judge
of the constitution she should present, with the
view of admitting her into the Union. Congress,
under the constitution, could do no less, and it did
no more. I conclude, then, that because Texas is
a State foreign to the Union constitutes no reason
for not admitting her into the Union.
There has been but one objection of any force
urged against these conclusions; and it is that
brought forward by the gentleman from Maryland,
[Mr. Kennedy.] The constitution prohibits a State
from being represented in the Senate by any one
who has not been nine years—and in this House
seven years—a citizen of the United States, pre-
vious to his election. The argument is, that, as it
is impossible for any citizen of a foreign State to
fulfil this condition, when a foreign State is admitted
into the Union, therefore the constitution could not
have designed the admission of a foreign State into
the Union.
Take the argument in its strongest form, and
how will it stand? Here is a plain grant of
power in the constitution—"Congress may ad-
mit new States into the Union," and here is a
prohibition to a State—"No person shall be a
representative who shall not have been seven
years a citizen of the United States." Will you
make a prohibition to a State destroy an express
grant to Congress? Why should not the grant to
Congress as well destroy the prohibition to a State?
Neither should be admitted, in reasoning, if they
are at all reconcileable; for it is a rule in construing
all laws and constitutions, that, if possible, all pro-
visions should be so construed as to stand. Tak-
ing the worst aspect, and Texas, if admitted into
the Union, would have to be represented by those
who are now citizens of the United States. This
is possible. It may have been designed by the
framers of the constitution, that, when a foreign
State is admitted into the Union, those only should
be her representatives in Congress who, by the
familiarity which a long residence under our forms
of government can best give, should be imbued
with the spirit of our institutions. If a foreign
State can be so represented in Congress, there is an
end of the argument; and no one denies its possi-
bility.
Mr. Chairman, I have thus briefly touched on the
great points involving the power of Congress to ad-
mit Texa3 into the Union. I speak to lawyers and
statesmen, who can easily carry out the principles
I have advanced, ana will hasten to some of the
leading arguments of expediency against this great
measure of legislation.
It is said that Texas annexation is a sectional
question. Well; in One sense it is certainly sec-
tional. It is, territorially considered, in one por-
tion of the Union only; and I should like to learn
of gentlemen how, any annexation of territory or
admission of a State can be otherwise than sec-
tional in this sense. Do we ever expect to have a
Territory or a State annexed to the Union, which
shall be in all sections of the Union' Shall it be
large enough to go all round the Union, or be re-
jected because sectional? But in other respects this
is not a sectional question. It is not sectional in thg
