Feb. 1845.
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
151
28th Cong 2b Sess.
Debate on the Jlnnexfltioti of Canada,
Senate.
pgndent oil tia for the raw cotton which keeps her
factories in motion, and feeds millions of her peo-
ple. She has felt this dependencs, and has ran-
sacked the four quarters of the globe, and all the
islands of the sea, with the anxious hope that some-
where she might find a spot that could be made to
rival our southern States m the production of this
great staple article. She has experimented in Asia,
in South America, and in thg Indias, at the expense
of millions; and has signally failed. Texas is now
her only remaining hope to accomplish this darling
object of her policy. The far-seeing sagacity of her
statesmen has not overlooked or underrated the im-
portance of Texas in this point of view. Alreadv
have they exerted the diplomacy for which England
is so famous, to ingratiate themselves with the
young republic. Already have they proposed to
form with her peculiar commercial treaties, and to
lend the influence of the English government to in-
duce Mexico to acknowledge the independence of
Texas.
Suppose Texas is not admitted into this Union,
and a treaty should be formed between her and
England, as it certainly Will be, by which British
manufactures are admitted into Texas at a very low
rate of duty, and Texian cotton admitted in Eng-
land free of duty, or even at any rate of duty mate-
rially less than our cotton is admitted: this advan-
tage in favor of Texian cotton, together with the
natural advantages of soil and climate, would
rapidly bring into cultivation all the cotton
lands of Texas; and she alone could, and
in a short time would, supply every factory m
England, to the entire exclusion from that market
of every bale of our cotton. There is no object on
earth so dear at this moment to England as this.
There is nothing for which she would make such
sacrifices a3 to be relieved from her dependence un
us in this particular. She would think it cheap'v
acquired at the cost of millions of money, and half "a
century of patient and arduous diplomacy. If
Texas be riot admitted, she will surely accom-
plish it; and our southern States, no longer
finding a market for their cotton, must, of neces-
sity, curtail its pro-duction, and in its stead raise
grain, and stock, and tobacco. This would be a
great injury to the southern States. But the evil
would not stop there. Kentucky and the other
western States could no longer find a market in the
South for their stock_§nd grain, because the South
would produce her ov?n supplies. They could no
longer find a market there for their bagging and bale
rope, because the demand for those articles in the
southern States would be decreased by the dimin-
ished production of cotton; and lastly, their tobacco
must find the markets glutted by the addition of
southern tobacco. They could not sell their stock,
their gram, or their hemp in Texas, except subject
to a tariff, which would exclude the latter article
entirely. The West, then, would be driven to man-
ufacturing to a considerable extent, as the only
means of living. The effect of all this upon the
North must be seen at a glance. It will curtail and
cripple the market in the South for her manufac-
tured articles; and instead of her present rich mar-
ket in the West, she would find rival manufactures
struggling into existence there, by the force of abso-
lute necessity.
Thus, if'Texas is not admitted into the Union,
she must, and will, by the production of this great
staple of the world, (cotton,) revolutionize all the
departments of labor and capital in this Union.
On the other hand, if we admit her, we will still
have in our possession all the valuable cotton lands
of the world; and as her rich soil is gradually re-
claimed from the wilderness and subjected to cul-
ture, we will find the market for our stock, and grain,
and hemp, and the manufactures of the North, in-
creasing and expanding with the increase and
growth of our population and productions. The
time will come when Texas will support a popula-
tion and a commerce ecjual to that of the entire
Union at present: all this will be ours. But if any j
gortion of our people more than another ought to I
advocate this measure, it should be those who so |
continually clamor for protection to home labor. By
this means tney will secure to our own people the
whole coasting and internal trade of Texas, and in
return for our stock and grain and hemp and manu-
factured goods, sold there under the protection of
our revenue laws, we would receive from her a fall
and adequate supply of sugar for the whole Union;
and thus keep among our own people the millions
that are annually sent abroad for sugar: for Texas
and Louisiana can and will ultimately supply the
whole demand for that article in the United States.
If Texas be admitted, her lands, by the operation
of our tariff laws, will be employed in supplying us
with sugar, which we are now forced to buy abroad,
and our cotton interest will be protected. If she be
rejected, then, under the operation of the same tariff
laws, she becomes the rival, if not the destroyer, of
our cotton-growing States; arid we will still have to
send abroad for our sugar. This article (cotton)
has already produced a revolution in thfe commerce
and capital of the world. It is that which has «iv-
en us, more than any one thing, importance as a na-
tion, and our commercial power. If we act un-
wisely now, we may, through the controlling influ-
ence of that staple, lose the immense advantages
which we have already gained, and produce another
revolution, involving little less than ruin to our
dearest interests. These considerations alone have
excited the deepest interest in England; and surely
an American Congress will not be guilty of the fol-
ly of overlooking them.
But, as I said, I cannot dwell upon the advantages
arising from this measure. A volume could scarce-
ly do them justice. But why speak of them at all,
since they must be seen and felt and appreciated by
ali? Our government has been engaged in one con-
tinual struggle under all the changes of party, for
the recovery of Texas, ever since we lost it in 1819.
Mr. Adams as President, and Mr. Clay as his Sec-
retary of State, made an earnest effort to buy it
from Mexico in 1825, and again in 1827. The im-
portance ofTexas to us was then admitted and urged
with all their powerful talents. During General
Jackson's administration, this question was never
lost sight of, and on three several occasions did he
cause negotiations to be opened with Mexico for the
purchase of Texas.
All then admitted its importance, and declared that
the present boundary ofTexas approached too near
to the great mart of all our western commerce. Even
How, General Jackson is urging, as with his last
breath, the importance of this measure to his coun-
try—a country to which he has, in the field and in
the cabinet, devoted his noble life, and which ere
long must receive his dying benediction.
His opinions on matters of war and the defence
of his country are entitled to the highest considera-
tion by all parties. In recent letters on that subject,
he declares that there can be no security for the
South and West so long as there is danger of Tex-
as falling under the influence of an unfriendly pow-
er. He tells us that an invading army might march
through Texas, such is its proximity to the Missis-
sippi river, and possess and lay waste that whole sec-
tion of the Union, and take and destroy New Orleans,
with all the wealth and commerce of the Southwest,
before we could collect an army in that quarter suffi-
cient to protect it. But he adds, that if Texas should
be admitted, it will be a hoop of iron that will bind
this Union indissolubly together. It will give us the
control of the commerce of the Gulf of Mexico,
where the power of Great Britain is now fearfully
predominant. England has an old grudge against
us; twice has she waged war against us; and twice
has her injustice been signally rebuked.
Again, there is a prospect of a war with that pow-
erful nation. She is claiming our territory in Ore-
gon—in fact has possession of it—and I fear that the
question cannot be settled by treaty. The evil day
may be postponed; but my deliberate opinion is that,
at last, the question must and will be settled by the
arbitrament of the sword. England has declared
her intention to endeavor to procure the abolition of
slavery in Texas; and Texas may Ml a prey to her
stratagems, as millions have in other parts of the
earth. Now let us suppose (and it is highly proba-
ble) that England, when she has her train complete-
ly laid, should force us into a war with her about
Oregon. Already her battlements are erected arid
her cannon planted all along our northern and north-
eastern boundary, in Nova Scotia, New Brunswick,
and Canada. She would be in close alliance with
Texas, and would find means, as she ever has done,
to excite to hostilities the savage tribes of Indians,
stretching from Canada to Texas, on our western
frontier. She is the acknowledged mistress of the
seas, and her navy has command of the Gulf of
Mexico. Thus having us completely surrounded,
she could select the points of attack. Does not ev-
ery one see that Texas is the point5 There she
could reach within twenty miles of the only practi-
cable route through the mountains to Oregon, and
cut off all our intercourse with that distant territory;
there she could collect the greatest number of Indian
warriors; there she could incite our southern slaves
to insurrection; there she could invade our territory
through our weakest and most defenceless frontier,
and there her powerful navy in the gulf could co-
operate with her invading army in an attack upon
New Orleans.
Who can say that, in such a state of things, our
infant settlements in Oregon must not perish?—that
our frontier settlements in the southwest must not
fall a prey to the savage scalping-knife, or to the
deeper horrors of a negro insurrection?—and that
New Orleans itself, with all the wealth and com-
merce of the Mississippi valley, must not enrich the
mercenary soldiery of a British army? But it bag
been asked on this floor whether England will con-
sent to our taking Texas? and whether there is any
agreement by which she is to be permitted to take
Cuba in turn?—and this from an American citizen in
an American Congress! "Oh! shame, where is thy
blush!"
No, sir, no. England should never be permitted
to plant her standard on another acre of American
soil, or on another island in the Gulf of Mexico, so
long as one drop of American blood continues to
course the veins of an American citizen.
As my time is just about expiring, I will conclude
by saying that we are bound to admit Texas by all
the sacred obligations of treaty faith, of kindred and
of blood; they are the sons and daughters, the broth-
ers and sisters of our own people, speaking the same
language, imbued with the same love of liberty,
governed by similar laws, kneeling at the same
altar, and worshipping the same God. Their appeal
to us cannot be rejected. We are bound by consid-
erations of security, of self-interest, and self-preser-
vation. Duty, justice, and philanthropy require it;
necessity imperatively demands it.
IN SENATE,
Monday, February 3, 1845.
" ANNEXATION" IN THE NORTH.
Mr. PORTER presented a memorial, numerously
signed by citizens of Detroit, Michigan, wiich was
read at the Secretary's table, as follows:
To ike Senate and House of Representatives of the United
States.
The undersigned, citizens of Detroit, Michigan, respectfully
call the attention of Congress to a subject of the greatest intei-
est to the people of the United States—one which we regard as
vitally connected with the permanent prosperity of the North,
the glory of the whole nation, and the peipetuity of oar free
institutions. We refer to the acquisition of Canada; an object,
the importance of which did not fail to attract the attention of
our forefathers, asfattested by the Articles of Confederation. It
would he useless to discuss the advantages of such an acquisition
to the United States; they present themsefves to eveiy one io
any degree acquainted with the geography and the commercial
and military wants of the country. None can be more sensible
of these advantages, none, we are confident, will iahof with
more8iacrity to secure them by all constitutional and peacefu?
means, than your honorable bodies. To give to the United
States the control of the entire valley of the St. Lawrence, is to
give them the undivided empire of thegreat takes; to augment
to an incalculable amount the commerce of the country; to
remove foreverthenecessity of expenditures for fortificationaon
the Northern frontier ; and to close, for all future time, the ave«
nues of invasion from this quarter. The history of the Heroin*
tionary war and of the war of 1812 sufficiently demonstrate the
necessity of the acquisition of Canada in a military point of
view. The treasure which has been expended in defending us
against invasion would, we doubt not, be more than sufficient to
compensate Great Britain for the transfer; and recent events,
and the lecommendation of some of her most eminent stares*
men, indicate that a well-directed negotiation would result in an
arrangement which would forever relieve her fiom the burden
of maintaining and defending that Province, and incorporate it
with the United States A large portion of the population,
especially of Upper Canada, have emigrated thither from the
United States, and the friendship of the great mass of the people
of Lower Canada fur American msmuuonsis weil known. Such
an d,\ quisiuon would introduce into the Union a highly civilized,
intelligent, and liberty-loving people, and would give a powerful
impure to the cause ot human freedom throughout the world.
And your peuuoneis would further state, that the proposed
acquisition of Texas, now pending before your honorable bo-
dies, will make the annexation ot Canada indispensable to the
judt balance and equipoise of the Union, with re'erenee to its
two great sectional and institutional divisions. The accession
of so large a territory on the South will require a large addition
to the North. Justice will demand it; and nothing else, m the
opinion of your petitioners, will ever reconcile ihe Northern
people to that cherished project of their Southern bre.hren
Both <ir neither, is essential to the harmony It not to the integrity
of the Union. ,, ,
'• Youi petitioners would therefore respectfully pray that negnti
a?ion« may be opened with thft British Government for the acqui-
sition of Canada, hy purchase or otherwise ; and that in any act,
resolution, or othei proceeding which may U adopted by Cur.-
giess for the annexation of Texas, a provision may be inserted,
as a condinon precedent, that the same shall not take f.flcrt until
Canada shall also be annexed to the United States. And your
pe'iuoners will ever pray, <fco.
Mr. FOSTER raised the question of reception.
He did so, he said, with extreme reluctance, and
would have been happy to have seen some other
Senator, more prominent hefor? the country an<:
