154
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
Jan. 1845.
28th Cong 2d Sess.
Annexation of Texas—Mr. Haywood.
Senate.
only took the floor, by permission, to add a few
■words, and then to change the character of his mo-
tion. He had objected, he said, to the reception of
the memorial. In his ignorance of the rules of the
Senate, he had, as he was just informed, gone too
far. He was willingly corrected, and would, before
seating himself, withdraw his present proposition,
and move to lay the memorial on the table. His
honorable friend from Michigan had, he said, pretty
well elaborated the question of annexation in the
argument he had just advanced. He did not rebuke
him for that, nor would he, now or hereafter, censure
the judgment and decision of his honorable friend,
how much soever they might differ from his. He
claimed from him, and bad no doubt he should ob-
tain, the same charity. Nor would he, at this time,
and on this collateral matter, debate with the honor-
able gentleman the question of annexation now pend-
ing before the Senate. Sufficient for the day is the
(labor) thereof.
He had, indeed, heretofore expressed himself so
fully on the question, that he was not sure he should
partake at all in the coming discussion. He certain-
ly should not, if he could avoid the task. Neverthe-
less, he had, he said, a word or two for his honorable
friend, and as the occasion suited so well, he would
give it to him then. The Senator speaks of the
balance of power, and complains of the danger to the
North—the free States he means—if Texas is an-
nexed. Sir, said Mr. F., the gentleman looks now
on one side of the picture ; I invite him to turn his
eyes with me and contemplate the other. It is thus
sir, and thus only, we shall hope to arrive at any just
conclusions on the future. I admit that Texas ia
large enough for five States, and that Florida—if she
is ever permitted to enter the Union—will make the
sixth; these constitute the utmost hopes, and all the
prospective power of the South: within these nar-
row confines are limited forever all she ever expects
or can ever get.
But, sir, how is it with the free States 1 Has the
Senator forgotten himself, or does he suppose we
have forgotten, the geography of the country 1 Has
it ever occurred to him to calculate how many States
—happy, free, and prosperous States, I hope—may
in time to come, be embosomed in that vast and
boundless extent of our public domain which lies
north of latitude 3G deg. 30 min., and stretches from
Missouri and Michigan to the distant shores of the
Pacific ocean—in length and breadth covering aiarge
portion of North America 1 I do not propose my-
self to number these States; but, adopting in part
the theory of some Northern citizen who has lately
■visited us with a magnificent railroad memorial, I
set them down at twenty and the rise. What now
becomes of the gentleman's fears for the " balance of
power," and the rights of the free States"! Sir, with
his side of this great and disturbing question, these
fears may " vanish into thin airwhilst with others
the future is full of painful forebodings and unquiet
apprehensions. Already has the North more than
the lion's share; but, insatiate as the grave and quite
as remorseless, her constant cry is, down with the in-
stitutions of the South: keep her down. If Texas
is to be annexed, lake the Canadas, and preserve the
balance of power. What balance? Where? Al-
ready and long since powerless, the South asks noth-
ing of the North but friendship, union, and the pro-
tection and preservation of her liberty and property
under the solemn compromises of a common Con-
stitution. For these blessings she pays a heavy,
perhaps a dear tribute. She has paid it cheerfully,
and may Continue to do so until her cup of bitter-
ness is made to overflow.
But, assailed as she is daily at her hearths and j
family altars—bearded with her institutions by those/
who do not understand and cannot justly appreciate
them—condemned for a system of domestic laboil
which combines the charities of life with a primeva 1 ■
decree of nature, and which cannot be abolished
without incalculable misery and desolation—threat-
ened with a servile torch, and scorned for an " in-
heritance" she could not now avoid if she would—
who can say how long it may be before patience and
submission may give place to sterner virtues 1 These
struggles must soon prove; but I freely confess my
fears and misgivings. I love the Union for the sake
of the many blessings it has already conferred. I
love it for the innumerable blessings it still has in
store for us, if we happily cling together. I love it
for the veneration I bear to the statesmen and patri-
ots who constructed its parts, and sanctified them
with their prayers and their benedictions. And if,
after all, we are doomed to melt away and dissolve,
I will, in the expiring moments of our political unity,
embrace the precious delusion, and hope against
hope itself, until the last black cloud gathers on its
once brilliant face, and the sun of our short-lived
glory shall set to rise no more for ever.
I now move, sir, that the memorial be received and
laid upon the table. Which motion was agreed to.
Mr. BERRIEN then moved that the memorial le-
lating to the annexation of Canada, previously pre-
sented by the Senator from New York, (Mr. Dick-
inson,) be also laid on the table. Which was
agreed to.
SPEECH OF MR. HAYWOOD,
OF NORTH CAROLINA.
7ii the Senate of the United States, January 14,1845—
On the bill presented by him for the annexation of
Texas.
Mr. HAYWOOD, pursuant to notice before giv-
en, asked and obtained leave to introduce the fol-
lowing bill, which (after the remarks of Messrs.
Haywood, Morkhead, and Archkr, subjoined)
was read twicc and referred to the Committee on
Foreign Relations.
Billto provide for the annexation ol Texas to the United
States, and to restore the ancient limit* ol the republic.
JBc it cnarUd by the Senate end House <>/ lltjntscnla-
tives of the I'niteil Static nj ,'lmeiica in Coiture^s us^c/ih
bled, That from and immediately after the date of the
final adoption of the compact which shall be made bv
the supreme authorities (it the 1'nited State* and the su-
preme authorities oi the republic of Texas for ceding and
annexing the territories of the i>aid last mentioned lepub-
lie unto tile United States of America, the ordinance parsed
on the 13th July, 1787, and entitled "An ordinance foi this
government oi the territory of the United States northwest
of the nvei Ohio," shall he, and it is hereby, extended over,
applied to, and k-enacted, as to the whole oi the territory
which shall be ceded or annexed ;is aloresaid; and it shall
be the duty of the President of the United Mates to oxeonte
tile same in each ol the district's created therein, according
to the constitution and laws of the United States. And the
said ordinance, mutatis mutandis, shall be and remain as
articles of compact between the United States and the peo-
ple thereof and oi the said territory, to be ceded and annex,
ed as aforesaid, and ol each distiict thereof, and the people
ol the said territory ami districts, unalterable unless by
common constat, as the same v. as horetoloie declared to bo
the articles oi compact between the United Stale# and the
people thereof, and the =aid northwest territory andfcthe peo-
ple theieof; subject, however, to the following conditions,
alterations, limitations, and restrictions, to be engrafted in
the said compact of annexation and cession according to
their substance, as the said compact may heienfter be formed
and adopted bv the supremo authorities of the United States
and the lepiibljc ofTexas, to wit:
First. The said compact of cession and annexation, when
made as aforesaid, to provide lor making all the teiritone,?
ceded and annexed to the United States subject to the consti-
tution of the United States; and to such alterations a* shall
be lawfully made therein, and to all the acts and ordinan-
ces of the United States in Congress assembled, conformable
to the said constitution now m force, or hereafter to be en-
acted.
Second. The said compact of cossion iind annexation,
when made, to provide further for the division oi said ter-
ritory into two parts or districts, by j line to be agreed for,
end running as near as may be from east to west'along the
34th degree of noith latitude, and all the temtoiy lying on
the south of said line shall be one territory, to be known
and called by the name of "The Southern Teiritoiy of the
United Mates," and all the territory lying on the north of
said line shall be ad<led to the whole of the lands belonging
to the United States, adjoining the said upper and northern
part of Texas and which are south ol the 42d degree ol
noith latitude, and these to be another territory to be
known and railed by the- n tn> of '-The Territory of Ne-
biaska:'' Piondrd, That nothing herein contained shall be
so construed as to impair annul oi in any manner to inter-
fere with the rights ot In(hu.nc, or the existing obligations of
the United States to any Indian +ribe whatsoever
Thud. The said compact of cession and annexation, when
made as afoiesaid, to provide further for the flilure forma
tion in said Territories of at least two States, and if more
than two, then of four States and if more than four, then of
six States, to be hereafter admitted into the United States of
America. But one-half of the number of Slates so to be
formed, shall be situate m the said Territory of Nebraska,
and the other half of the number of said States so to be
formed to be situate In the said Southern Territory of the
United States
Fourth The said compact of cession and annexation,
when made ss aforesaid, to provide further that the 8th sec-
tion of the act passed by the United Stages in Congress as-
sembled, and approved 6th March, 1820, m the following
words, commonly called the "Missouri compromise," to
wit: "Si C'TJON 8. And be it furthei enacted. That jn all that
territory ceded by France to tho United States, under the
name of Louisiana, which lies north of 3G degrees and SO
minutes north latitude, not included within the limits of the
State contemplated by this act, slavery and involuntary
servitude, otherwise than id the punishment of crimes.
whereof the parties shall have been duly convicted shall be
and is hereby, forever prohibited: Provided always, That
any person escaping into the same, from whom labor or
service is lawfully claimed, in any State or Territory of the
United States, such fugitive may be lawfully reclaimed and
conveyed to the person claiming his or her labor or service
as aforesaid," shall be in full foree, mutatis mutandis, whilst
there is a territorial government over so much of the terri-
tories to be ceded and annexed to the United States as afote-
said as may be situate in the Territory of Nebraska afore-
said, in lieu of, and as a substitute for, the aiticle in the
aforesaid ordinance of 1787, entitled "article 6-," but the
said article 6th, and the said 8th section of the act approved
6th March, 1820, shall aeither be imposed upon, nor in any
manner be applied to, the rest of the territory to be ceded
and annexed to the United States, nor to any portion there-
of, nor to the Territories and States to be formed therein,
J^flh. The said compact of cession and annexation, when
made as aforesaid, to provide iurther that the people resi-
ding or coming into that part of the Territory of Nebraska
which shall be ceded to the United States by the compact of
cession and annexation as aforesaid, shall not forfeit nor
lose any of the property recognised as such by the laws of
Texas by force of said compact or of this act, until a reason*
able time has been allowed to them for removing the same,
to be provided by said compact of cession or annexation.
(Note A.)
Sixth The said compact of cession and annexation, when
made as aforesaid, to provide further, as between the United
States and the people thereof and the said republic ofTexas
and the people thereof, for a full, entire, absolute, and per-
petual release and cession to the United States of all the
right, title, possession, jurisdiction, empire, and domain of
the said last-mentioned lepublic in, to, and over the whole
territory of Te.xas, with its appurtenances, be the same,
more or less, at such price, and upon such terms of payment,
and with such stipulations in addition as may be right and
proper in respect thereto, and to all the other property, and
in respect to the debts of the republic of Texas, according
to what may be approved and finally sanctioned by the su-
preme authorities of both nations. But so that all that part
of the territory ol Texas which was once ceded to the
United States by the French republic, under the name ot
Louisiana, by the treaty between the United States and said
French republic, signed at Pans, and dated ?,0th April, 1803,
shall bo retroceded and reannexed to the United States for.
ever; and yet in such manner as will leave the Uaited States
at perlect libelty, without any breach of faith to Texas, or
the people thereof, to settle, by negotiation or otherwise, at
the discretion of the United States, with any other nation,
(not a party to such compact,) any claim ol jurisdiction
with, in, and over any portion of the said territories which
may happen to lie without the leputed boundaries of Loui-
siana, as ceded by the French republic in the treaty afore-
said, signed DOlli April, 1603; and also at their difcretion
hereafter to settle, by negotiation orotlierwise, the bounda-
ries between the said republic of Texas and any other na-
tion. The. time and manner of said negotiation and settle-
ment to be determined upon by the lawftal authority of the
United States, without the intervention ofTexas and the
people thereof.
Src. 2. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid,
That the said compact, when made, may provide further, by
the mutual agreement of the supreme authorities' ol the
United States and the republic of Texas, for all and every
other matter or thing within their constitutional power, of
and concerning the premises, not inconsistent with the
spirit and true intent of the provisions hereby made forgiv-
ing and declaring tho legislative assent to the same, and
which may be proper and necessary for restoring the an-
cient limits of the United States, as they were claimed and
avowed by the United States, afterthe aforesaid treaty with
the Kiench republic, signed 30th April, 1803. And the pub-
lic faith of the nation is hereby pledged to enact such other
and further laws as are or may be necessary and proper for
executing the same without unreasonable delay: P>ovided,
That nothing shall be required inconsistent with the hon-
or of the United States, noi in plain violation of the rea-
sonable and just rights of other nations, to be judged of
by the United States, nor adverse to the true meaning of
this act.
Sr.o. 3. And he it further enacted by the. authority afore-
said, That, as soon as may be after the final adoption of
any compact for the cession or annexation of the territo-
ries afoxosaid to the United States by the supreme author-
ities of both nations, if any such compact is made and adopt-
ed as aforesaid, the President of the United States shall nom-
inate and appoint the officers, and cau&e the governments to
be orgunized in the districts or territories aforesaid, accord-
ing to the provisions of the ordinance of 1787 afoiesaid, as
modified by this act, and until that can be done convenient-
ly, the whole of said territories shall be governed by such
officers ond such authority as may be agieed upon in the
said compact betw een the republic of Texas and the United
States.
Sec. 4. And be it further enactcd by the authority aforesaid
That it shall be the duty of the President ©1 the United
States to issue his proclamation, and thereby to put into full
force and eflect the provisions of this act as soon as may be,
after any compact of cession and annexation shall have been '
adopted by the supreme authorities of the United States
and the supreme authorities of the republic of Texas. And
this act shall from thenceforth take eftect without condition,
as upon the day that the provisions of such compact shall
go into operation as the supreme law of the United States,
and not before.
Src. 5. And be it further enacted ly the authority aforesaid*
That nothing contained in this act shall be construed so as
to prevent the Congress of the United States from "admit-
ting Texas as ® new State into this Union," during the pres-
ent or any future session; nor from admitting as a new
State into this Union any part of the territory of Texas;
nor shall it be construed into any expression of assent or
dissent to such a law, nor as the expression of any opinion
as to the proper and constitutional mode of making the com-
pacf%erein alluded to; but the same is left to the decision
of the competent anthorities of the United States, who may
be called upon to propose or ratify the same in all respects
as if this act had not passed- (3NTote B)
