Jail. 1848.
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
155
28th Cong 2d Sess
Annexation of Texas—Mr. Haywood.
Senate.
Mr. HAYWOOD, after some allusions to its
great importance, and the deep anxiety with which
he had endeavored to arrive at a correct conclusion
upon the subject of incorporating Texas into the
Union, from the moment when it had been first
made his duty as a senator to act upon the question,
and deprecating as he had done all the while its ille-
gitimate connexion with party strife, proceeded to
ask the indulgence of the Senate, whilst he tres-
passed more than he was accustomed to do upon
their patience to explain and define a bill which he
now asked leave to introduce.
[The bill is published above.]
He said this subject of incorporating Texas into
the Union, at its first appearance in the Senate, ne-
cessarily presented two questions to a faithful and
scrupulous senator: first, whether the constitution
allowed the government, by the action of any one of
its depaitments, or all of them together, the rightful
power to acquire additional territory. For if not,
there was an end of it. And next, though the pow-
er might exist, whether it was politic and wise in the
United States to exercise it, and to enlarge her borders
by the acquisition of Texas. Without going into a
repetition of all the reasons for holding the affirma-
tive side on these constitutional and national ques-
tions, he remarked that for one he had sought after
the truth, determined in his own mind to pursue it,
regardless of the interests of men or parties. He
had looked to the wisdom of the past in order to de-
cide his vote at the present, when legislating, as we
were in a peculiar sense, for the weal or woe of
the future.
Upon the iiibt point—the power of the United
States government to enlaige her border.--: by the ac-
quisition of new territories—he found that the treaty of
Louisiana, made by Mr. Jefferson in 1803, had been
ratified by more than two-thirds of the wise men
men and patriots of the Senate of that day. It had
been ratified not in silent acquiescence, nor by any
constrained submission to a real or supposed neces-
sity, but deliberately, and after full debate, by the
great minds of the nation. It was not a decision
made without intellectual conflicts, but a solemn,
well-considered determination of the question, after
everything which could be said against the power
had been said and answered and deliberated upon.
He found that the Florida treaty was made
by Mr. Monroe in 1819, whereby another large
territory was likewise acquired; and at that day
the opinion of the country had become so well set-
tled in favor of the power of acquiring territory under
our constitution, that the treaty of Florida was rati-
fied by the unanimous vote of the Senate!
In the House of Representatives there was some
opposition to the bill for carrying the treaty into ef-
fect, and some effort had been made to protest
against it, not, however, upon the ground of hostili-
ty to receiving the territory which was acquired by
it, and not for the want of power to acquire it, but
on account of the cession by the United States to
•Spain of the American claim to Texas under the
treaty of 1803—Texas being a part of Louisiana as
originally purchased in 1803.
He found that, from time to time, new States
had been organized in the Territory of Louisiana,
and had been admitted into the Union; and Flor-
ida herself was now at the door waiting, and
even demanding our consent to admit her to take her
place with Iowa in the Union. These decisions were
conclusive upon the question of our power to acquire
new territories.
Upon the other point—the policy of reacquiring
Texas—a like recurrence to the past had been suffi-
cient to remove all his doubts. He found, from
1803 to 1SI9—from the time of the Louisiana treaty
by which Texas was acquired as a part of Louisi-
ana to the date of the Florida treaty by which it was
ceded to Spam, a period of 16 years—that the gov-
ernment of the United States, our officers, statesmen,
politicians, snd public presses, had put up a claim to
Texas as apart of Louisiana; and, as already stated,
some of the most eminent statesmen, in the House of
Representatives and out of it, had denounced and
opposed that part of the treaty of Florida by which
our claim to Texas had been ceded away. They
had reprobated its impolicy, and denied the right of
the government to part with any portion of the na-
tional territory. They had yielded to it, how-
ever, on account of the higher policy and the politi-
cal expediency of abiding by the treaty as a whole.
Yet some of them, who were still conspicuous lead-
ers in politics, and shining lights in the galaxy of
American statesmen, even at that day had avowed
their determination to reacquire it, as necessary to
the welfare of the nation, and indispensable to an
important section of the Union.
He found that Mr. Adams's administration,
being the next immediately afterMr. Monroe's, had
endeavored to reacquire Texas, and failed.
He found that General Jackson's adminstra-
tion, the next after Mr. Anams's, had pursued the
same policy, and had renewed these efforts to reac-
quire Texas, but without success. «
He found that Mr. Van Buren's administra
tion, the next after General Jackson's—President
Van Buren having been in fact the secretary who
conducted the negotiation for it under his predeces-
sor—never abandoned the policy of reannexation,
but only suspended any active immediate exertions
to accomplish it, for reasons of state too familiar to
require a repetition.
He found that Mr. Tyler's administration,
the next after Mr. Van Buren's, had adopted the
policy of his predecessors, and had pushed it with
great zeal, so as to make a treaty -with Texas, and
had submitted it to the Senate for their advice.
He found that Texas, a few years after be-
ing ceded to Spain in 1819, became a sovereign
member of the Mexican confederacy; and that, af-
ter a successful revolution, this Mexican confedera-
cy was acknowledged by the United States to be a
sovereign and independeat nation.
He found that Te'Xas, afterwards, had success-
fully resisted, by force, the attempt to subjugate her
people at the overthrow of the Mexican confedera-
cy; and that the United States, in solemn form, had
acknowledged her independence and sovereignty, as
did the other great powers of the world. But even
in our act admitting the independence of Texas, the
old and cherished policy of this government to re-
incorporate Texas into our Union was distinctly
avowed in the Senate, as it had been responded to
and reciprocated by Texas herself; and although
nostponed, it was not at all abandoned.—(See de-
bates.)
Having looked so far into the public acts of the
nation, in proof of her policy, Mr. H. said he had
then examined the opinions of the eminent men,
some of whose names he might use, but in no spir-
it either of censure or of praise. He found that all
the Presidents of the United States, since Texas was
ceded away—all, without exception—had been anx-
ious and active in their endeavors to reacquire it—
Mams, Jackson, Fan Bureji, Tyler. Though differ-
ing widely upon other points, there was a most re-
markable concurrence upon this one.
He found that all the Vice Presidents, since that
time, had approved the policy of reacquiring
Texas.
He found that all the Secretaries of State (to whose
office it belonged to conduct our foreign affairs) con-
curred and co-operated in the same thing.
He had found, indeed, that until a comparatively
late day, when fanaticism had combined with party
spirit to organize voluntary societies for abolition-
ism, thissentimenthadbeenalmostuniversal. There
might be exceptions, yet he believed there was not an
eminent statesman, nor a distinguished politician, m
America, who had lifted his voice against the reacqui-
sitionof Texas—against thepolicy of reincorporating
Texas into the Union, until after it had been injuri-
ously burdened with an alliance to the question of
negro slavery.
With this unvaried currentof sentiment in all sec-
tiens—with all administrations of all political par-
ties—with most if not all of the leading statesmen
and politicians of America—he could not undertake
to contend and to set up against the measure now any
distrusting fears of his own mind. As he had not
heretofore, so neither would he at this time, enlarge
upon the topic, by attempting to assign other rea-
sons why it appeared to him to be our true policy
to restore the ancient limits of the republic whenever
Texas was ready and willing to be reunited to us,
and the good work might be accomplished with har-
mony, according to the constitution.
True it was, (he continued,) that the spirit of our
times put into operation, by the aid of these organ-
ized sectional societies, had engendered hostility to
annexation, and it had reproduced the old arguments
against onrpower which were made and overruled
nearly half a century ago, notwithstanding the de-
cision of IS03 was, sixteen years afterwards, at the
ratification of tne Florida treaty, 'unanimously con-
firmed by the Senate of the United States.
Mr. H. declared that, if such an array of authori-
ty, time, acquiescence, unanimity of public men, as
wise if not wiser than we were, and who were quite
as patriotic as the men of any age or country—
and that, too, after their opinions had been approved
by public sentiment, and had, by the introduction
of new Suites, grown up as it were into the fabric
of the Union as it is—aid not settle the question of
power, then no question would ever be regarded as
a settled one. If these did not close the door upon
any refinements of grammar and of logic about the
meaning of this word or of that one in our organic
law—if these did not furnish a right rule for the
people's representatives—if these did not establish
beyond cavil the power to acquire new territory—-if
these were not the true and the "old paths" which
an honest and scrupulous statesman might pursue
with safety,—why, then he had entirely mistaken
his duty; and he had wholly misappiehended what
the wisest men and best authors could mean when
they recognised precedents as fit guides to a true ex-
position of constitutions and laws. That the testi-
mony to which he had referred established beyond
reasonable controversy that it had been the policy of
the United States for a quarter of a century and
more to reacquire Texas whenever it might be done
with honor and with a reasonable degree of harmo-
ny, he presumed none would deny or dispute.
Mr. H. said that, though he did not pretend to
assert that he had stopped his investigation precise-
ly at this point, yet he could declare that, apart
from all others, this view of the subject seemed to
his mind conclusive, as well upon the question of
power as upon the question of policy.
The Treaty was rejected at the last session, but
the question of annexation was only adjourned for a
more convenient season; and that now it had returned
upon Congress, not without new and embarrassing
concomitants. He would to God it were otherwise,
but the fact was too plain to escape notice. As it
would be unwise for the friends of annexation, so
it would be unpardonable for the friends cf our com-
mon country to shut their eyes against the perils
lying about and beyond the immediate question it-
self.
Mr. H. said he had made up his mind to aid
in accomplishing the incorporation of Texas in-
to the Union, if it could be done by a reasonable and
fair concession to the opinions, or even to the preju-
dices, of others; and for that reason he had given
notice of a motion for leave to introduce a bill, and
now, in pursuance of that notice, lie had asked
the leave of the Senate to do so. It was painful to
detain the Senate by a dull explanation of its de-
tails, and a statement of the main purposes and mo-
tives for which they had obtained a place in the
proposition he should make, yet the subject was too
important, and the step he had taken was too respon-
sible, to omit it altogether.
That, the power and the policy of reacquiring
Texas being once established or admitted, it re-
mained to be ascertained how, and by what course
of proceeding, we were most likely to succeed in it.
That a majority of this Congress probably believed
that it was politic for the United States government
to incorporate Texas into our Union; and that it was
within the authority of some depaitment of the gov-
ernment to accomplish it, were nothing, so lon°- as
irreconcilable divisions existed upon the other ques-
tions connected with it. A portion of the friends of
annexation would, by turns, vote with its out-and-
out opponents, and our defeat would be inevitable
upon any bill which contained in it the ques-
tions to be voted upon, and determined tcgetlur by
a single decision. The first question we had to deal
with was, whether a majority were now in favor of
annexation upon terms acceptable to tlitmselvcs. If
they were, then the mode and maimer of acquiring
Texas was a separate and distinct question; and his
leading object had been to separate them. If not
able to agree, let the first question be brought up
so as to show that fact to Texas, to the United
States, and to the world, and theie must be an end
ofTexas, for this session at least.
That among the opponents of annexation, whether
their hostility arose from the supposed impolicy of
the measure, or was founded upon that construction
of the constitution which denied the right to acquire
Texas by treaty or by law, or by both together, we
could not hope to find aid. The friends of annexa-
tion, therefore, ought to present the subjcct for ac-
tion so as not to give their opponents a triumph to
which they were not entitled. He spoke advisedly,
for he had taken the paiM to ascertain that there
were divisions among the friends of annexation; and
if the question of annexing Texas to the United
States was not separated from the questions about
the mode and manner of acquiring Tevas, so as to
be annexed, or to become annexed, there was no
