156
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
Jan. 1845.
28th Cong 2d Sess.
Annexation of Texas—Mr. Hayviood.
Senate.
hope of success at the present session. And so, also, if
the terras and conditions, which were made a sine
qua non with some of the friends of annexation}
should-be refused altogether .by others of the same
side, the defeat of it at this session was certain, and
its future success would be more than doubtful.
He had, therefore, anxiously endeavored to frame
this bill to annex Texas to the United States, and
nothing more. It declared that, whenever a com-
pact should be finally ratified by the supreme au-
thorities of both nations, the laws of the United
States should be extended over the territory ceded
by such compact immediately after its ratification,
upon certain conditions to be inserted in the compact,
which conditions would be more particularly noticed
in the sequel. Could that unite the friends of an-
nexation, or could they unite upon something like
it? If they could, there was no difficulty about pass-
ing a bill to annex Texas to the United States now;
for the annexing of new territory to the Union, it
should be borne in mind, was nothing more nor less
than extending over that territory, and the people inhab-
iting it, the laws and protection of this government!
What, it might be asked, were these points upon
which the advocates of Texas-incorporation were
divided? The answer to it would further show
the necessity for separating them as far as possible
from each other; and by the addition of a few re-
marks, the main design of the bill he proposed
would be shown to the Senate.
In the first place, there were some who felt willing
to go for incorporating Texas into the Union accord-
ing to such form as might be ultimately determined
to be consistent with the fundamental laws of the
United States, (Texas assenting,) whether it were
acquired by treaty, or by legislative compact, or by
her admission as a sovereign State. Some approved
one form, some another, and some, he believed, were
willing to acquiesce in any of them. But it was insist-
ed upon by not a few of the friends of the great end in
view, that it was expedient to settle, by a legislative
declaration beforehand, the terms and conditions upon
which annexation would be made; and enough of the
friends of annexation to convert our majority into a
minority, were hostile to annexation, unless there
was some such condition imposed by law, and in-
serted in the compact, limiting negro slavery to a
prescribed boundary within the new territory.
In the next place, and after this condition, or any
others, might have been arranged and agreed upon,
the friends of annexation would find themselves di-
vided about the constitutional mode of acquiring i
Texas: some maintaining that it must be done by 1
treaty; others that it might be done by an act of Con-
gress, and Texas's assent. Of course, in this con-
nection, he would be understood as speaking of the
annexation of Texas as a Tertitory, and not as a
State. The right to "admit Texas into the Union"
as a "new State" raised still another question, viz:
whether Congress could "admit" a foreign nation
antecedent to our acquisition of the property by
cession; and about that he believed there was also
some division of opinion amongst the friends of in-
corporating Texas into the United States. (NoteC.)
Now, Mr. H. said he had his opinions upon all
these points; or that, speaking more properly, he
ought to say he had, after no little examination,
formed pretty strong impressions 'upon them all.
These however he should not undertake to com-
municate to the Senate, or at all events not until he
had heard the views of others who were more able
to enlighten his judgment than he could flatter him-
self he was competent to influence theirs. He had
alluded to these divisions of opinion about the mode
and manner of acquiring Texas as facts, and no more;
their existence as facts being all that was important
to the object he had in view at present—to wit: to
demonstrate the indispensable necessity of separating
such questions, as far as possible, from the bill to
annex Texas to the United States, as this bill had
done.
Mr. H. further said that, as there was no existing
overture before Congress binding Texas to a com-
pact of cession or annexation, nor any application
pending for her admission "as a new State into the
Union," it would necessarily happen that, do what
the present session might, the final completion of
the work of incorporating Texas into the Union
would, in any form of executing it, devolve, in agreat
degree, upon the new President and the new Con-
gress; and theiefore it had been suggested as not al-
together inappropriate that the opinion of the new
administration, as to the legitimate mode of bringing
Texas within the reach and influence of our legis-
lation for annexing it should not be embarrassed, or
not altogether forestalled by the present Congress.
But none supposed that respect for the office or the
officer should be turned into a pretext for inaction;
nor did it form a reason for neglecting to do all that
could be constitutionally done towards accomplish-
ing the end. Yet it should excite us to watchful-
ness, even while we were barely taking a first step
towards it, lest that step should be one that was
calculated to hinder the new administration in their
exertions to fulfil the fishes of the people. That the
new President should be left at liberty to determine
for himself the mode of his future progress in the
great trust committed to him, whether by treaty or
by legislative compact, all would admit. Yet it by
no means followed that nothing was to be done by
us. He would show hereafter how it was the ob-
ject of thisbill, and how its effect would be to advance,
not to hinder, the new administration in either mode
of acquiring Texas. The distinction between doing
nothing at this session, and doing nothing that
would embarrass, was obvious^ and it would be
come more so when it was recollected that to do
nothing was little short of a defeat, and would be
of itself the worst embarrassment which ingenuity
could contrive.
In view of these conflicting opinions, but
without stopping to decide who was right and
who was wrong, the bill which he had the honor
to propose had beetl framed for the express purpose
of separating the questions to be determined. It
was not designed as a substitute for any other, nor to
hinder or embarrass all or either of the various pro-
jects which had preceded it. That it was the aim of
this bill to settle by legislative enactment, first and
separately, the one single but important point wheth-
er a majority were willing to extend the laws of the
United States over Texas whenever it could be ac-
quired, though of necessity that decision involved
a determination of the conditions, if there were any,
which were deemed indispensable to our acceptance
of the territory, and therefore such conditions were
specified. This form of presenting the question
was fair to all—to the friends and opponents of an-
nexation, and to the advocates of annexation of all
shades of opinion. It seemed to him the very fair-
est method of bringing up the subject, as it raised
the true issues. Unless the conditions were made
too rigid for one section, or too liberal for another
section of the real friends of the great object to be
accomplished by the bill, he could see no reason
why all the friends of annexation might not unite
in supporting it.
That as respects the particular conditions inserted in
the bill, they were mere details; and they might be
stricken out altogether, provided that would not de-
feat the bill, or they might be altered; and he was
sure that if the spirit which influenced him in di-
vising them actuated the friends of annexation in
a generous effort to reform them, there could be no
difficulty about it.
The principle was all that he strenuously con-
tended for—and that was, that we must unite and
agree beforehand upon the terms on which the laws
of the United States may be declared to be in force
and extended over the territory; which and which
only was in any legal and proper sense of those terms
the "annexation of Texas to the United States;" or if
no conditions were deemed indispensable to success,
let them be expunged altogether. Having done
that, the remaining points—whether the territory
must be acquired by treaty, or whether it might not
be acquired by an act of Congress; and whether it
should be admitted as a State wholly, or partly as
a State and partly as a territory, or wholly as terri-
tory; or, in a word, what should be the mode and
manner of bringing Texas by a mutual compact be-
tween us and Texas within the operation of this
law of annexation,—all and each of these questions
would arise more properly afterwards. If it was
done during the present session, so much the better;
but they would still form the subjects of other and
distinct propositions, made or to bo made, upon
which a division of the friends of annexation could
be more easily harmonized; and if not harmonized,
then defeat on any or all of them would still leave
us, with this bill, united for Texas—we holding the na-
tion pledged by it to sanction annexation at the ear-
liest practicable period.
Pass this bill, (he said,) or one like it, and it
brought together a majority for annexation, if there
was such a majority in Congress; and he believed
there was. Then if the bill to admit Texas as a new
State came up with very slight modifications, the
passage of that would but be an immediate step to-
wards executing this. Or if the bill to adopt the re-
jected treaty of last session came up, its passage,
without any very material change, -would but be an
immediate execution of this act. And so of any other
bill aiming at the earliest practicable incorporation of
Texas into our Union. And if, on the other hand,
all of the other bills should fail to command the sup-
port of a majority, let this be passed, and the new
administration might be advised by the Senate, before
we went hence, in a manner that would ensure our
progress towards a speedy incorporation of Texas
into the Union.
It would, perhaps, be out of order for him to say
more upon the latter point, unless this were an execu-
tive session. That his bill would, even in the absence of
any other action by the Senate, as a Senate, indicate
to the President, and to Texas, that there were terms
to be imposed, and what were those terms upon
which a compact would be certainly ratified by Con-
gress—viz: point, out to them the conditions upon
which an application to admit Texas as a new State
would certainly succeed; or else make the basis of a
new treaty, should a treaty be thought to be the only
constitutional form of acquiring Texas.
In every point of view, therefore, it seemed
to be safer and more prudent to start with the pas-
sage of this bill, or one like it, provided we were
able to agree upon the conditions; and irreconeilea-
hie discord upon them was a defeat of Texas. If
nothing more was done by it, the passage of this
act (with or without the conditions) would be open-
ing the door to Texas which had been closed (wisely
or unwisely, he should not say) at the last session,
by a rejection of the Texas treaty. The moral effect
of that would be of great value.
That it would be observed the bill used the
words " supreme authorities," when it referred
to the ratification of any compact by which
the territory might be acquired; and thereby
waived, and on purpose left open to another
time and upon another bill the disputed question
whether that authority was to be found in the legisla-
tive department of this government, as well as in the
power to make treaties. All must agree that the power
toe xtend our laws over territories, at or after the time of
acquiring them, was a legislative power, and belonged
to Congress and to Congress alone. We might ac-
quire territory by treaty; but the laws could not
be enacted nor put in force over the new territory
so as to annex it, whatever the treaty might sa-y, ex-
cept Congress should pass them.
Then, he asked, if all the friends of incorporating
Texas ought not to vote together in declaring, by
the mandate of law beforehand, that, whenever Tex-
as should be acquired or ceded by a valid compact,
to be ratified by the "competent or supreme authori-
ties of both governments,",thenceforth the laws for
governing and protecting the same shall be in force,
&c.
More might be done; and after this first step had
been taken, he hoped more would be done—done
now, "immediately"—viz: as soon as it could be
done constitutionally, prudently, harmoniously, ac-
cording to the interests of our own republic and the
sense and opinion of a majority. But to do less
than this, would be a practical surrender of the
cause of annexation by its men friends, if he might
not characterise it as an instance of that fatal ob-
stinacy in politicians which will not aliow us to_ do
what we can do, because we cannot do more "im-
mediately," or because one or another cannot have
everything exactly as he wishes and in the precise
form he may have prescribed.
That it was competent for such a law to be enacted
now so as to take effect hereafter, would not be de-
nied. If denied, he should be prepared, at any mo-
ment, to demonstrate that it was entirely consist-
ent with the constitution. But he would not extend
his remarks by anticipating objections which were
not well founded; but, assuming that the power
was clear, he would, in a short summary, exhibit
some of the reasons why he had thought that new
efforts to acquire Texas should be PRECEDED
by a legislative assent to her annexation—viz: to the
extension of our laws and protection over Texas when
acquired. If he showed that, he would have proved
the necessity for passing his bill. First, then, he
thought we ought to do it because, in the view of
some, it was necessary to give this precedent assent,,
and no one could furnish a plausible objection to it.
Next,' it ought to be done as a matter of policy in
our domestic politics, simplifying, as it would, our
future discussions, avoiding false issues, remov-
ing unfair constraints. Once put the question'in ,
this shape and public representatives, who were in
favor of annexation, might vote all together, and no
