158
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
28th Cong.....2d Sess.
Annexation of Texas—Mr. Haywood.
Jam 1845.
Senates.
of Congress^ and upon the conditions stated, a ma-
jority of Congress were in favor of Texas annexa-
tion; otherwise they were not. But if these condi-
tions were not met, the question would go over, still
as open as before—still surrounded by tdl its embar-
rassments, and big with the fate of the best govern-
ment in the world.
The proposition was based upon the known fact
that, without this compromise lir.e, or something
like it, we had no prospect of immediate annexa-
tion. With such a lins, it was almost certainly in our
reach. That in fact, this was a bill for immediate an-
nexation, in apropersense of the words, as already ex-
plained. That, once separated from this slavery ques-
tion, it would be the most popular political question
in all sections that was ever presented to an Ameri-
can community, he had no doubt.
Again: the southern delegates, if hostile them-
selves to Texas, with such a line as may be offered
us, ought to be willing to let it go before the people
of the South, rather than reject Texas altogether.
And if this bill were passed, and we preferred to
await the decision of the people of the South upon
the conditions, nothing was easier than to vote
down the other bills after it, (which, it had been
shown, would be rejected without it,) or to postpone
them, but still leaving this door open to Texas to let
her, and the people of the South, have time to say
ay or no- Whether or not they will consent, with
Missouri, whose resolutions upon this subject de-
clared that though she desired annexation without
conditions, yet, if not to be obtained without them,
then Texas with a fair compromise.
For one, Mr. H said he wished to see the ques-
tion terminated; and he could not doubt but
his southern friends and associates would rather
let the true issue be made and presented to the pub-
lic mind fairly and directly. Although he dreaded
to witness the agitation that would accompany its
discussion, and the dangers to the Union as it is, sure
he was that it could not be avoided, and no time
could be a more propitious one than the present, for
delays would increase the perils, not diminish them.
The southern people were warmly attached to the
Union, and the result would show it; so were the
real people everywhere. He felt bound to do what
he could to prevent discord; and heence he came
at once to the responsible position he had ven-
tured to take. He, however, had not taken ground
against the South—not against his own home and
his own section—no, not at all, not at all; but in
their behalf—in behalf of a common country,
whose senators (he thanked God for it) still formed,
as he prayed tluiy might always be, a council of
brethren, representing the same country, and aiming
io serve, protect, and defend the United Statei.
Mr. H. said if he had time, and could do it with-
out appearing to be unmindful of the Senate's pa-
tience, and ungrateful for their attention to his re-
marks, (already much more extended than he ex-
pected,) he wunld give some of the reasons which
had suggested the hope—the belief, that the south-
ern people would concur in a fair compromise of
this point, since it had been insisted upon; but he must
reserve them for some more fit occasion—perhaps
until this matter was put to the people. But at pres-
ent he would conclude by exhibiting, though in a
short and summary manner, those considera-
tions which had led him to adopt the 34th degree of
north latitude for the compromise line, as it might
otherwise appear to have been arbitrarily or ca-
priciously fallen upon. He hoped these considera-
tions, without lengthened comment, might attract
the notice of senators, and claim their more expe-
rienced sanction; and that their more profitable re-
flection upon that part of the subject might bring it
to a happy termination of some sort; and when he
said this, he intended to embrace all sections and all
parties.
Divesting lnmsclf of prejudice as far as his nature
allowed of it, with the map before him, he had en-
deavored to see at what points the true interests of
the nation indicated that this line should be run;
and where it wou'd be likely to meet the reasonable,
expectations of both of the great sections, without
sacrificing, to a degree which was inadmissible, the
rights .of either.
He saw that the extreme southern line ofTexas ran
■with theSStli degree ofnorth latitude,and the extreme
north line with the 42d degree of north latitude; and
the 34th degree of north latitude was a line half way
from each. He saw that aline running with the
34th degree of north latitude would carry us from
east to west, the whole length thereof, precisely and
exactly along the southern boundary of those lands
which the United States had conveyed to the In-
dian nations removed since 1830, from the east to
the west aide of the Mississippi river, with a solemn
guaranty to each tribe that they should never be
disturbed. He saw that that part of the Red river
which belonged to Texas wotjd lie south of a line
that ran along the 34ih degree of north latitude; and
by leaving it m the southern territory, we should be
making the whole of that stream (as it ought to be)
the property of States having like interests and simi-
lar domestic institutions; for it was known to the
Senate that the Red river ran through parts of Ar-
kansas and Louisiana. He saw that the Indian na-
tions, which had been settled by the United States
on the west of the Mississippi river, had not ex-
tended their possessions towards the west beyond
100 degrees of longitude; but, on the east, they
•were located up to, and all along, the western borders
of the American States, as far south as 34 degrees
north latitude, and as far north as 40 degrees north
latitude, and perhaps there were a few settlements
one degree, or more, further north; but, as before
stated, none of the eastern Indians were settled un-
der treaty west of 100 degrees longitude. He then
saw a large extent of country bounded all the way
on the west side, and as far as 100 degrees of longi-
tude on the' south side thereof, by tlie territory of
Texas; and he knew that this territory belonged to
the United States, though it had never been 'annexed
to the United States. By attaching to that
territory all that part ofTexas lying north of 34 de-
grees north latitude, and running a lire along the
Indian boundaries with 100 degrees of longi-
tude, the whole of it together would form a tract of
country quite as large, if not larger, than the terri-
tory ofTexas south of 34 degrees of north latitude;
and recollecting that if Texas were ceded to the
United States without conditions, the relation be-
tween the whole territory ofTexas and this gov-
ernment would be identically the same as that in
which the United States stood to Nebraska, (for
such was the name of the northern territory he had
alluded to,)—viz: that the United States would be the
owner of the whole as one unannexed territory—-he had
concluded that the division by a line to run with
34 degrees north latitude was neither unequal nor
inequitable. He had therefore adopted it as a rea-
sonable compromise upon both sides The Senate
mightjudge for themselves.
There were some other things, he knew, that were
to be taken into this account. It was worse than
useless to offer compromises which would not prob-
ably be accepted by Texas and approved at homo.
So, it was not possible to arrange a question of this
sort to the mutual satisfaction of all parties, by divis-
ions that were exastly equal in the quantity of land
on each side of the line. He hoped he had lifted
his mind up to the subject, and therefore he had an
eye not singly to the acres of Texas on each side
of the proposed line, but to the spirit of former com-
promises, and the political bearing of the question.
He confessed that he had been solicitous to fix upon
a line which he could recommend to the contented and
hearty assent of his own section, and yet he had not
been able to perceive a reason why it should not
be the limit of any demand by his northern as-
sociates. The great and important object, as it
had been professed by them, (and he did not mean
to doubt their sincerity,) was to fix now and immu-
tably aline above or beyond which the institu-
tions of negro slavery should not go; and that for this
there was a political necessity without any special
regard to the particular points at which the line itself
should run, provided it were not evasive and illu-
sory; and if all that were true, their purpose would
seem to have been accomplished by accepting a line
east and west along with 34 degrees 1101th latitude,
as proposed in the bill.
Again: it would be seen by a reference to the map,
that by running the compromise line as proposed by
the bill, the Indian nations sent thither from this
side of the Mississippi would have southern States
upon their south and east sides, and non-slaveholding
Territories and States on the west side; and it would
thereafter cease to be the separate interest of
either to force them from their position; and if
all the sympathy of this Christian land were not
to be concentrated or exhausted upon the negro race,
tt might be well to enlist a portion of it, if possible, to
direct our counsels in behalf of the poor Indians whom
we have pushed off and transported, and whom inter,
est willagain drive further and further, in despite of
paper promises, except it could be counteracted by
a wise forecast and some kind provision of the law
at this early day, for a system that might probably
postpone for a long time all selfish efforts to dis-
possess them. That could not be effected with-
out malting it the interest of their neighbors to" keep
them where they are; or if that could not be done,
then why not avoid making it the policy of a par.
ticular sectional interest in the immediate neighbor-
hood to drive them off? Those who believed that
the southern people were afflicted with a spirit of
slavery propagandism, deluded as they were upon
that point, might show their, sincerity in remov-
ing the temptation that is constantly presented
now to make room for another slave SteSte between
the 34th degree and 3G| degrees north latitude by
driving off the Indians; for, by the Missouri com-
promise, slavery had not been prohibited therein;
and in yielding their claims down to the 34th degree
in Texas, the South would be accomplishing by the ar-
rangement something, if not a great deal, to 'secure
the red man m his netti home forever. But he must
not pursue this topic in detail, or he would consume
too much time. * One-tiling he would be permitted
to say, and that was, that while he had never de-
tected in himself any temptation to yield to sickly
sympathies in any of the sterner duties of his public
station, his heart always beat quick at a sense of
Indian wrongs. Yet he confessed it was not so much a
motive with him for proposing the line at the 34th de-
gree of north latitude as it was a recommendation of
its fitness, after he had fixed upon it, that perhaps it
might be some security to them. He would take a
bond of fate to get protected, and to leave undisturb-
ed, the Indian nations whom the United States had
removed west of the Mississippi, under solemn
vows before God and the world, not to molest
them forever, and he should rejoice to do it. Bat,
alas, it was impossible. Communities • were gov-
erned by their interest, and the interest of communi-
ties was too strong for the counsels of man; but
it was submitted to those whose sympathies for
the red man, and whose love of justice and mercy
might bring them to think with him upon Indian
rights and Indian wrongs, to guard, if they can do it,
their future prospects m the land where they were
transplanted, and to decide whether anything
would be so likely to secure the red men
against future reluctant, involuntary removals
(so called) as the fixing of this compromise line
exactly at the points where these poor tribes
will be surrounded, one-half by non-slavery States,
and one-half by States where negro slavery was to
be tolerated. Then jealousy in one, at the increase
of political power in the other class of States, might
check the encroachments of both upon the home of
the Indians. Then the territory south of 34 degrees
being open to emigration from southern States, will at
least postpone—and it might be to a far distant day
—any eager and irrepressible desire to occupy the
last territory that was left south of 36| degrees, for
southern emigration. Then the communities on
neither side of these Indian lands would have.any
exclusive right or peculiar interest in'the reversion,
the enjoyment of which was postponed by the oc-
cupation of the Indians—an interest which all expe-
rience had shown makes men restless beyond en-
durance.
As at present advised, he should he uncandid not
to say that he believed the South had better take
Texas with a reasonable, but not an evasive, ca-
pricious division, than to reject it altogether! He
was quite certain that the southern people had rather
have the Union and Texas, with such a division
line adopted in harmony and brotherly love, than to
divide the Union, in feeling or in fact, in the pur-
suit of undivided Texas! At all events, he would
let the people answer that question for themselves.
He was not to be stopped in acquiring Texas for
fear that some State might threaten to quit the
Union. If any was foolish enough to retire from
the family because another member was admitted
into it, that was to be looked to when she was ac-
tually quitting, though there was really no danger
of it. But if there were any who contemplated a
retirement from the Union by the South because
Texas could not be constitutionally admitted, he
could not now, and he would not hereafter, lead, or
join, or follow, such a cause. He was for Texas
and the Union—for bringing Texas in the Union.
But he was for the Union, Texas or no Texas.
And he did not believe there was any differ-
ent spirit prevailing at the South, or North, or
anywhere else, amongst the people. If there should
be, his lot was cast in the South, and he must abide
her decision—her fate. God only knew (he could npt
tell) whether there might not be ambitious or bad men
who would be willing to excite the people by clam-
