Feb, 1848.
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
U9
28th Cong 2d Sess.
Oregon Bill—Mr. Cary.
H. of Reps.
ors, and subject them to strife, agitation, and dis-
cord, until many of them might be ultimately be-
trayed into discontent, indifference, disaffection,
and ultimate hostility even, against the Union. But
it was not so now. The people everywhere were
Union men.
One word only (said Mr, H.) upon what this
bill did not contain. It recognised no necessity
of negotiating for Mexico as a party to any
compact with Texas, antecedent to its execution and
ratification. The reasons for that, he would not de-
tain the Senate to hear. The subject had been here-
tofore elaborately discussed, ana any remarks of
his would be but a useless repetition of old stories,
often better told by others. After Mexico found
out that we were resolved upon our course of ac 
tion,and the United S&tesarem possession, it might
be deemed expedient by her government to negotiate
for boundaries; and that, in his judgment, was the
proper time for negotiating with Mexico. This bill an-
ticipated that; and, as well to do her justice as to save
her pride, provision was made for that and no more;
yet so as not to cede any part of our ancient
limits, nor so as to recognise any title of Mexico
to Texas. These provisions ivere to form a part
of the compact; because that would hereafter ex-
clude any Question of power in the general govern-
ment to cede a part of this territory in settling the
boundaries.
In reply to some remarks of Mr. Moreheab of
Kentucky, Mr. H. said that, without going over the
argument again, he hoped to be pardoned for re-sta-
ting the ground he had taken; and it would show
wherein the senator from Kentucky [Mr. More-
hf.ad] had misapprehended what Mr. H. meant by
callingthis bill a bill for the immediate annexation
of Texas; and perhaps it might remove the con-
stitutional objection to it which had been started.
That to annex a territory to the United States
and to acquire a territory, were, in his view, two
very different and distinct things. To annex a ter-
ritory was neither more nor less than to extend the
laws of the United States over suck territory and the peo-
ple thereof. To acquire a territory, however, was to
gain the property therein by the action of the prop-
er authority of government, as by treaty and cession,
or, as some said, by legislative compact. That this
bill was one to extend our laws over Texas; but to
take effect whenever Texas might be constitution-
ally acquired, and not before. That in that sense
it was a bill to annex Texas to the United States,
and nothing more.
That Nebraska, for example, belonged to the
United States, but it had never been annexed to the
United States—viz: our laws had never been extend-
ed over it. And if it were proposed to annex Ne-
braska by extending our laws over that territory,
the proposition would have to be made in Congress;
and the act, whenever done, must be an act 01 legis-
lation, and il could not be done otherwise.
That in the case of Nebraska, the territory had
been acquired already by a treaty of cession, but it
could not be annexed to the United States by a treaty;
and, therefore, a bill to extend our laws over it
would plainly and necessarily be a proposition for
immediate annexation, by an act of Congress. So in
the case of Texas: a bill to extend our laws over it
(as this was) was plainly aproposition for immediate
annexation by act of Coiigress. But it could not take
effect, as this bill was not to take effect until Texas
might be constitutionally otherwise acquired. Thus
we should be separating the question of annexation
from the mode of acquisition, and leaving it as another
and distinct inquiry what department of our govern-
ment was competent to acquire Texas, fn that
sen&e, he had called this a bill for Texas annexation;
and he thought h was the only proper meaning of
annexation. It was, as he had said, immediate an-
nexation. But by "immediate," he meant not to-
day, nor to-morrow, nor before sunset. "Immediate"
was a relative term; and it meant, as soon as the
object or subject upon which our legislation was to
operate could in a constitutional manner be brought
within its influence, and then that the legislation of
the present day might operate upon it proprio vigor e}
and without new legislation.
In that yiew of the subject, the constitutional
point was unquestionably removed, and could not
interpose any barrier in the mind of senators against
the progress of thi3 bill.
APPENDIX.
NOTE A.
It will be observed that this bill prohibits oegr© slavery
in the territorial governments, but not in the Slates to be
formed in Texas.
The power of the general government to impose condi-
tions upon a State is not conceded by it, nor intended to be
so The prohibition of negro slavery in a teiiitorial govern-
inent, however, gives to such Territory every reasonable
security against it that can be asked, because a Territory
once settled by non-slaveholders will be apt to exclude ne-
gro slavery fiom it whenever it becomes a State. This dis-
tinction is noticed m oidcr to point attention to the fact that
the hill surrenders nothing oi the constitutional ground taken
by the South in the debates upon the Missouri compromise,
and supported by the advocates of State rights throughout
the country.
NOTE B.
This bill does not interfere with any bill to "admit Texas
as a new State into the Union;" and, to prevent any possible
construction of that kind, the last section was introduced.
On the contrary, it was supposed to be the opinion of every
one that Texas was too large for a single State, and this bill
- was framed so as to open the way for receiving and annexing
as a Territory all that part of the present republic of Texas
which might not be included in the new State of Texas. As-
suming that Texas was too large for one State, some of the
inconveniences proposed to be avoided by a precedent act of
annexation like this were shortly these, viz:
Congress cannot attach conditions to the admission of
States. The power of Congress in respect to admitting new
States is permissive only. Congress "may admit new States,''
See. The State itself must be the actor. The now State, al-
ready formed by its own people, comes into the Union by
the leave of Congress. And it is more than doubtful whether
a State can hold foreign territory, or territory out of the State
limits, alter she has come into the Union, without a change of
our constitution. "Wherefore, it would be expedient, il not
necessary, for Texas to cfde to the United States so much of
her territory as might not be included m the new State an-
terior to the period of such new State coming into the Union;
and, with this act in force, the President might negotiate
such a cession upon fair terms, which being ratified, the
"new State" might then come into the I nion without em-
barrassment under a separate act to admit the "State of
Texas.Whether this be a right view of the subject or a
wrong one. is not now to be discussed; and it is only stated
so as to illustrate one mode in w hich this bill was designed to
advance, but not to retard other projects— particularly ' a
bill to admit Texas as a n w State into the Union "
NOTE C.
The objection to this bill that it does not go far enough,
applies with equal, if not greater force, to the pending reso-
lution m Congress for admitting Texas a<t a State. The lat-
ter cannot forthwith incorporate Texas into the Union, any
more than this bill. Besides, the resolutions foradmitting
Texas as a State do not, all of them, give a present absolute
assent to such admission, nor do all of thfem go so iar as to
admit Texas upon the single condition of her own future
assent. They provide for nothing more than that a new
constitutionofTexas shall be laid before the next Cimpress,
where it may be rejected at last, and before that period, the
nation will probably be agitated to its very centre. Yet it
has been shown that the admission of a part of Texas as a
State—such part as may be allotted by herself for that pur-
pose—could be Gftected by a simple unconditional enactment
for its admission, separate from this bill, and with less op-
position, and under tewer embarrassments, than the whole
of Texas, provided some act like* this were m force, which
empowered the purchase of the extra territory, and pro-
vided for it? cession and annexation to the United States be-
fore the admission of Texas was consummated by her.
This seemed to me more advisable, but by no means the only
mode of proceeding; it is more advisable, because alarse pait
ofthe rt-publie of Texas is still occupied by the rtatiie In-
dians, whose protection belongs appropriately to the United
States. But it may suthce to saj* that, by taking them into
the Union as apart ofthe (now) State of Texas, (as we must
if all of Texas be made one State.v;e should be adding em-
barrassments to this subject infinitely above the value of
any reasonable estimate m mere money, vrioh it were wi«e
to avoid. As for leaving a larger part oi the territory out
ofthe State of Texas, and still unceded to the United States,
no one will probably assent to that; for, in that case, the "new
State of Texas would either bp abandoning her title to the
extra territory by her own voluntary act of coming into the
Union with narrowed limits, and Mexico might assert a claim
to it by ' reaiittur;>' or, if that were not so. we should have a
State in the Union owning fe?out of the UVJ'm, viz:
owning foreign territory—which would be exceedingly un-
wise, if not clearly unconstitutional.
If a State of the Union can own territories outside of her
limits as a State, then, in case of an invasion of those territo-
ries, would not the general government be obliged to defend
them7 If the Indian title has to be extinguished in such
territories, it must be done by treaty with the Indans, and,
a-5 a State of the Union cauriut make treaties, but is express-
ly forbidden to do it by the constitution, „t seems to be a ne-
cessary consequence that the general government would
have to make ail such treaties and pay the price of them;
a.v' yet the general government cannot hold the lands for
the United States, and cannot buy from Indians the territorv
of a State of the Union, except it shall be fur the baefA of
ihe State to whom the lands belong if Texas, with all her
territory, were admitted as a new State into the Union, mag-
net the State government afterwards, at their pleasure, ex-
tend their laws over the lands in the occupancy of Indi-
ans, and thereby constrain the general go^ ernment to de-
fend the state against Indian resistance? If that be so—and
it is recollected that more than three-fodrthsofTexw is now
in the possession of the wildest aborigines—the possible, if
not the probable, danger of putting the general goverament
in that position will be obvious, &c &c.
Since writing these remarks, the House of Representa-
tives have passed resolutions.which, although they do not ab-
solutely admit Texas as a new State, yet look to the future
admission of the whale territory as one State, and they will
no doubt be fully discussed in the Senate. That discussion
I will not now anticipate, though I had intended to say
something upon the subject.
REMARKS OF MR CARY,
OF MAINE.
hi the House of Representatives, Feb. 1, 1843.—
On the bill to establish a Territorial Government
over Oregon.
Mr. CARY said he had determined to participate
in this debate only in consequcnce of the extraordi-
nary course of the gentleman from Massachusetts,
[Mr. Winthrop,] who had not merely defended the
pretensions of Great Britain in the matter of the
Oregon Territory, but had gone out of his way to
pass a general eulogium upon the foreign policy of
that country. As to the validity of the American
claims to the whole of the Oregon territory, it was
too well settled in the minds of the people of this
Union to be the proper subject of further controversy.
For one, he (Mr. C.) was prepared to go on, and en-
force those claims against all adverse pretensions,
and at all hazards, although he believed that the
danger of a collision with Great Britain had been
greatly exaggerated. These war alarms had been
sounded too often to deter him from acting with a
just regard to the honor of the nation. At any rate
he was surprised to hear apprehensions of war ex-
pressed by the gentleman from Massachusetts, as the
present indications were that the constituents of that
gentleman were about to retire from the Union. It
appeared, from recent intelligence, that they had as-
sembled in convention at Faneuil Hal! to consider
the expediency of dissolving this Union, in the event
of the annexation of Texas. If-the Union became
involved in a foreign war, they, at least, would escape
its consequence, by severing the political ties which
have bound them to the fortunes of the American
Confederacy.
Mr. Winthrop here interposed, and said that,
at the convention referred to, aproposition had been
made to dissolve the Union, but that it was only
made on the authority of an individual member, and
was unanimously repudiated by the convention.
Mr. Gary resumed, and said that the proposi-
tion to dissolve the Union was at least considered by
the convention referred to, and that if it was nomi-
nally rejected, it was only to save appearances for
the present. The whole tone of that convention
was revolutionary and treasonable. Its proceedings
throughout were tinctured by the same anti-Ameri-
can spirit which had always characterized the domi-
nant political party in the old federal State of Mas-
sachusetts. Whatever might be the case with others,
that State had nothing to fear from a war with Great
Britain. English commanders would as little think
of bombarding Boston as Liverpool. They knew
who their friends were, and would make no attacks
upon their own household.
After the manner in which the gentleman from
Massachusetts had commenced his remarks, it was
not surprising that he should have read with appro-
bation from a speech of Mr. Huskisson, delivered in
Parliament in 1830, in support of Biitish preten-
sions upon this continent. He (Mr. C.) had him-
self quoted that same speech, and the same paragraph
of that speech, in the debate upon the Texas ques-
tion, to prove that British statesmen took ground in
that matter identical with the positions of the Fede-
ral party in this country. And now we hear a lead-
ing member of that party, not merely taking British
ground, but quoting and relying upon British autho-
rity to sustain it. The gentleman from Massachu-
setts was thus seen to assume voluntarily the identi-
cal position which he (Mr. C.) had previously as-
signed to the Federal party of the North.
The gentleman from Massachusetts was certainly
under no necessity of making a second-hand use of
the arguments of British statesmen. His own ar-
guments in favor of British pretensions had been
marked by great ability, and would compare favor-
ably with the efforts of Huskisson and Sir Robert
Peel in the same cause. They would be read with
satisfaction on the other side of the Atlantic, if not
on this side, and be quoted with applause in the
British Parliament, although they would probably
fail to command the approbation of the American
people.
The gentleman from Massachusetts had said that
the present Secretary of State of the United States
was a IJeraocrat; and had inquired if members of
