160
appendix to the congressional globe.
Feb. 1845.
28th Gong 2d Sess.
Oregon Bill—Mr* Cart/*
H. of'Reps.
the Democratic party were not willing to trust him
to settle this Oregon question by negotiation- The
high functionary referred to, said Mr. C., was, in
deed and in truth, a Democrat and a patriot. He
deserved and enjoyed the confidence of the country.
But-experience, which had taught us that Federal
administrations might occasionally come into power,
forcibly admonished us that the office of Secretary
of State might possibly fall into unworthy hands.
Some new instance of political vicissitude might
bring another Webster into the Department of State.
Let us, said Mr. C., guard against such dangers, and
settle permanently *the limits of our country, before
Federal diplomatists again obtain power to dismem-
ber and disgrace us, under pretence of settling dis-
puted boundary lines.
The gentleman from Massachusetts had gravely
asked, when and where Great Britain had acquired
a single acre upon this continent since the close of
the revolutionary war? He (Mr. O.) would refer
that gentleman to the three millions of acres which
she had wrested from Maine by a long series of ag-
gressions, ending in a mock and fraudulent negotia-
tion. The title of Maine to this lost territory was
as perfect and undeniable as her title to any of the
territory which she yet possessed. And how had it
been wrested from her 1 By gross fraud and hy-
pocricy, commencing with the British Government,
and abetted and made effective by Daniel Webster,
then Secretary of State of the United States. Maine
was entrapped into becoming a party to the negotia-
tions which terminated in the treaty of Washington,
by assurances that Lord Ashburton, the British di-
plomatist, was invested with full powers to settle her
disputed boundary line, and was disposed to settle it
upon a just and equitable basis. Yet, although
crediting these false assurances, Maine was careful,
in appointing commissioners to treat here with Lord
Ashburton, to tie them down with precise arid posi-
tive instructions. Those instructions were disre-
garded and disobeyed by the commissioners, and a
treaty was entered into which was authorized neither
by the Legislature nor the people of Maine.
Mr. Morse, of Maine, here interrupted Mr. Gary,
and inquired if he (Mr. C.) was not a member of
the Senate of Maine in 1843, and chairman of a
committee to consider and report upon this treaty of
Washington 1 What sort of a report was made by
that committee, and what was the fate of that report
in the Legislature 1
Mr. Cart resumed. He -was in the Senate of
Maine in 1843, and, as the chairman of a committee
raised upon that subject, had submitted a report upon
the treaty of Washington. Not having that report at
hand, he went on to explain and defend the posi-
tions which it contained, and said that he should, in
preparing his remarks for publication, incorporate
with them copious extracts from that report.
[Subjoined are extracts from the report referred to,
made by Mr. Catiy in the Senate of Maine, on the
21st of March, 1843 :—
On the 11th of Apnh IS42, Mr Daniel Webster, Secretary
of State fur the United State?, addressed a letter to the Governor
of this State, in which he announced that Lord Ashburton had
arrived at Washington, "charged with full powers from his
Sovereign, to negotiate and setde the different matters in discus-
sion between the two Governments," and that in reference to the
boundary quesuon in particular, Lord Ashburton had ' autho-
rity to treat for a conventional line, or line by agreement, on
such teimsand conditions, and with such mutual considerations
and equivalents, as might be thought just and equitable,' In
the same letter, Mr. Webster lequested Maine to unite m an
at'empt to agree upon such '• a conventional hne," by appoint-
ing commissioner clothed wiih power to assent to the terms
and conditions which might result from a negotiation to be car-
lied on at Washington. ,
The idea pmrmnentfy and distinctly conveyed by this letter,
is that Loid Ashburton had "full powers" in reference to the
m'owosed negotiation, and the amplestauthority to assent to any
* terms and equivalents" connected with the conventional hne
to be agreed upon, without any restriction except that they
should "be thought justand equitable " The same idea is un-
derstood to have been communicated by Mr. Webster m letteis
addressed to several members of the Legislature, during its ex-
tra cession cnmmencins in May, 1S42; and ltisfurther under-
stood that he urged upon that Legislature, through these and
other channels, that the commissioners to be appointed by them
must be clothed with "full powers," in order to be placed upon
™n equal footing with Lord Ashburton, and that the negotiation
would otherwise fail at its veiy commencement.
Inconsequence of Mr. Webster's letter of the 11th of April,
1S12 anfwuhont having received, as the committee know or
believe any different or additional information as to the actual
nowers of Lord Ashburton, the Governor of this State, m the
exeicise of his constitutional power, convened a special session
of the Legislature in May, J 842. „ * .
The views and impressions under which theJLegislature act*
ed during its special session in May last, corresponding as they
did with the views and impressions of the people, are too re-
cent and too notouous to require, m the opinion of the commit-
tee, any further statement either of their general character, or
of the causes which originated them. It is sufficient to say,
and the assertion is not susceptible of a fair contradiction, that
the legislature, at the time refened to, acted under <i full belief
that Lord Ashburton was clothed with full powers to adjust the
disputed boundary upon principles of equity and justice; that
he was authorized and disposed to waive the vexatious pre-
tentions previously maintained by Great Britain ; and that
while he was undoubtedly anxious to obtain a portion Maine,
impoitant to the convenience of the colonies of that nation, he
was ttady and willing to offer, as an equivalent therefor, territo-
rial concessions which would have lett our importance, as a
State, unaffected. The narrow strip of land lying between our
eastern line and the Saint John River, fiom the Grand Tails
southerly to the Eel River, together with Grand Mcnan and the
adjoining island-? in Passamaquoddy Bay, afforded the means for
such concessions mieresting to us, and at the same time not inju-
rious to Great Britain's colony of New Biunswick. That the
offer of equivalents of substantially thai character was confi-
dently and universally expected in this Slate, dunng the period
of the special session of our Legislature in May last, is not a
matter, in the opinion of the committee, which can ever be
drawn into doubt or dispute.
The committee are not, however, compelled to rely upon an
appeal to the pubiic recollection of the opinions prevalent at
the period referred to, satisfactory and convincing as they well
know such an appeal must be.
More precise and authentic evidence of the_expectations or
the Legislature exists in the resolves under which the commis-
sioners to tr^at (through Mr. Webster) with Lord Ashburton, re-
ceived their appointment.
One of these resolves, and it is the only one which beais upon
the question under discussion is m the words following:
"Resolverf, That this State cannot regard the relinquishment
by the British Government of any claim heretofore advanced by
it to territory included within the limits of the Ime of this
as designated by the treaty of 1783, and uniformly claimed by
Maine, as a consideration or equivalent within the meaning oi
these resolutions " .
Nothing can bo clearer than this language. It announces with
a defimteness which leaves no room fot mistake, the principles
upon which Maine was willing to negotiate.
She was willing to aesentto a new line of boundary,which might
be more convenient for both parties and for that purpose was
ready 10 yield a portion of her territory for adequate equiva-
lents But she would not admit that there was any doubt in
regard to the line actually existing, and which s-he had uni-
formly claimed, nor did she attach importance enough to the
counter claim of Great Britain to regard its withdrawal as the
least equivalent or consideration for any action on her own part.
Eveiy ac.ie within the line ot 17S3, she claimed as indisputably
and beyond controversy her own, and for every acre to be yield-
ed she demanded an ample indemnity. She refused to go into
the negotiation upon the principle of compromise Rejecting
all idea of concession, and standing firmly upon her manifest
rights, she declared her fixed deienmnauon to legard the pie-
tensions of Great Biuain as a nullity, and her fixed refusal to
buy her peace, by yieldtngto those pretensions in the least de-
gree. But while refusing to settle the pending disputes, upon
the obnoxious principle of yieldnae a portion ot hei rights for
the sake of quieting and confirming the remainder she was
ready, at tf.e same time, to absent to a new line of boundary
upon honorable terms and equivalents, to be adjusted, not upon
the principle of pusillanimous concession, butol mutually ad-
vantageous exchanges. .
The" opinions as to the powers and intention? ot Lord Ashbur-
ton, which prevailed in the Legislature during its special ses-
sion m May last, and the, principles upon which the Commis-
sioners elected by it were instructed to assent to a settlement of
the Northeastern Boundary line, having been thus briefly sketch-
ed it remainsto inquire, how far those opinions turned out to
be well founded, and how far those principles weic respected
m thefinal adjustment of the question.
The committee do not think it necessniy, or indeed proper, to
go into a detailed examination of the negotiations which termi-
nated ,n the recent treaty of Washington. They propose on'y to
compare its results so Ur as they affect Maine, with the expec-
tations and hopes which induced her to become a party to it
Soon after, the arrival of our Commissioneis at Washington,
it was announced to them, (throuch Mr. Webster,) by Lord A-^h-
burton, that he had no power to oflet to Maine, by way ot tqui'a-
l*-nt, any territory belonging to the, adjoining colonies ol (-.reat
Britain. Instead of ben.g clothed with the " lull powers de-
scribed in Mi Webster'* letter of April 11, 1842, he had not
only no power, but was absolutely (oibidden to negotiate upon
the basis so confidently anticipated by Maine. Instead of leing
able to treat for the surrender of Grand Menan, the stup of land
from Eel River to the Grand Falls, or anything else territorially
desirable to Maine, his power* am! instructions were, simply, to
<*et as much of our territory as possible, and to pay us as litt.e
as possible, and that only m dollars and cems. In the "eqmva-
lentb" he was prepared to offer, he was tied down by far differ-
ent lestrictions than that they should be " thought just and
equitable " He was, m fact, interdicted from ottering the only
" equivalents" which, in ar.y fair mind, could posnbly be
51 thought just and equitable," or which had ever been antici-
pated by Maine. , , .
Maine, on more than one occasion, and by more than one
functionary of the General Government, has not been treated m
this matter of the northeastern boundary " as she has endea
vored to deserve." But never before has ^he had occasion to
complain of a treackeiy so signal as that which induced hei to
participate m a negonotion with a Minister forbidden by his
instructions to yie'd anything which she had a right to expect,
under official assurances that he had "full powtis" to heat?
and was prepaied to treat upon any term* which.should "be
thought just and equitable." The experience of Maine had
taught her to expect perfidy from Great Britain, but she might
reasonably claim fail dealing ftom the diplomatic Secretary of
the Union of which she is a member. If this claim h^s shared
the fate of others equally reasonable, it only adds another to
the list of grievances of which she ha* to complain.
The spirit with which Lord Ashburton entered upon the ne-
gotiation corresponded as little with the expectations of Maine
as did the powers with which he was clothed. So far w-is he
from Yielding the pietensions of his Government, orfrom being
willing to treat upon the basis of a substantial acknowledgment
| of our title, that it may be truly said, that no British negotiator
has ever assumed a tone more arrogant, pressed unfounded
claims with more tenacity, or made unavoidable concessions
with more reluctance.
The committee will not review the published correspondence
between Lord Ashburton and Mr. "Webster, in which there is so
much deserving of criticiew, but will proceed at once to the
inquiry whether the line of boundary fixed for Maine, wiLhits
terms equivalents, and considerations, was such as we had a
right to expect, or as our commissioners, within the spirit of
the instructions under which ihey were appointed, were autho-
rized to assent to. , _
The treaty of Washington conveys and transfers to Great
Britain, of the Territory of Maine, 4,119 square miles, or 2,63C,-
160 acres, being the territory awarded to Great Butain by the
King of the Netherlands, and in addition -thereto, 893 square
miles, or 571,520 acres, on this side of the lir e of the Butch
award; making a total of 5,0t2 square miles, or 3,207,680
acres
The equivalents stipulated for Maine, are,
1st. A right of navigation down the tot. John, under certain
restrictions and limitations.
2d. The payment to Maine and Massachusetts, to be equally
divided between them, of the sum of 300,000 dollars, by the
United States. .
3d The satisfaction to Maine and Massachusetts respectively,
of "all claims for expenses incuired by them in protecting the
said heretofore disputed territory, and making a survey thereof,
m 183S;"
That the pecuniary stipulations in favor of Maine, together
with the rights of navigation, which the committee have consi-
dered, constitute a consideration utterly inadequate for upwards
of three thousand square milesof valuable territory, isaproposi-
tion too plain to need, argument. It is sufficient to say that the
British negotiator himself did not affect to maintain aoy such
^Tn his letter to Mr. Webster, under dateof July 11,1842, Lord
Ashburton says: " I would further suggest for your eonsidera-
tion whether, supposing the division by the King of the Nether-
lands to be admitted to satisfy fairly the equity of the case be-
tween the parties, what is proposed to be added by Great Britain,
viz: the strip on the 45th parallel of latitude, and the use of the
navigation of the Saint John, be not an ample compensation
for what weiask in return, viz: that barren strip above the
upper Saint John, which is wanted for no other purpose than as
a boundary; for which purpose it is admitted on all sides to be
most convenient.- ...
Al 1 which Lord Ashburton claims, amounts simply to this, that
the i ight of navigation in the St John, together with the strip of
land conceded to the States of New^Hampshire, Vermont, and
New York, are an equivalent for the 893 square miles on the
northwest boundary of Maine, described by him as the "barren
strip above the upper St John." The basis of his proposition
is, that the line ol the Dutch award satisfies " fairly the equity
of the case between the parties," and the variations from it in
his own favor, he supposes to be fairly met by the compensations
which he proposes.
Maine, however, never assented to any such basis. She has
never admitted that any line, other than that of 17S3, met " fairly
the equny of the case between the parties," and she had a right
to expect not merely an mdemniiy for the 893 square miles
upon hei northwest, tut an indemnity also for the 4,119 square
mile-'upon her northeast
Lord Ashburton attaches a value to the Biitish claim, while
Maine has ever insisted upon regarding it asa nullity.
Lord Ashburton views the award of the Dutch King as a fair
settlementof the questions m dispute, and is willing to pay for
only so much as he ob'ams beyond the line of that award.
Maine, on the contrary, insisted upon all her rights up to the
hne of 1783, and instructed her commissioners to yield nothing
withm that line, without ample indemnity. Such indemnity
she has not obtained, even uponLord Ashburton'sown estimate
of the value of the compensations and equivalents to which he
assented. i
The rights of navigation secured to her in the St. John, and
the concessions upon the 45th parallel of latitude, made to New
Hampshire, Vermont, and New York, and the benefits secured
to Maine, by means of a pecuniary commutation at the expense
of t he Treasu t y of the United States, were not pretended by the
British negotiator himself to be more than an equivalent for the
territoiy which he obtained on this side of the line of the Dutch
award. For all which Maine loses on the other side of the line
of that award, amounting to upwards of four thousand square
milesof territory, she obtains no compensation, even according
to the exagerated estimate put by her adversary in the negotia-
tion, upon the value of the equivalents which heyiclded.
The committee cannot feel justified in closing this report,
without emphatically disclaiming the existence of any such
spirit in any portion of the people of Maine, as the American
Secretary appears to have believed prevailed m the American
Senate. A map hunted up among the archives of the French
capital, by Mr. Jared Spaiks, is understood to have been pri-
vately communicated to the Senate by Mr. Webster, with the
purpose of provMg the cla'msof Maine to be entirely unfounded,
and of ufiring upon the Senate the ratification of the treaty
pending before them, m order to avoid, before it was too late to
remedy them, the consequences of a discovery by the British
diplomatists of the true extent of the rights of their country.
It is deeply to be reeretted that the original privacy of such a
communication had not been better preserved. Certainly, the
spirit which dictated it could not have found an answering
chord in the bosom of a single Senator. The inducement pre-
sented by it to the Senate was predicated upon nothing more
nor ices than the desirabiii y of clinching a bargain which de-
frauded an unsuspecting adversary. No code of morality, with
which the offering of such an inducement Is consistent, is cher-
ished, as the committee believe, by any considerable portion ijf
the people of Maine. They have insisted upon the lineofl'W,
as believed by them to be susceptible of demarcation upon the
face • ! th>> earth, on'y because they were intel igently con-
vinced that it was one of their clear and manifest rights. II
satisfied by more evidence that they had been in error, it would
never dffoid them pleasure to have overreached an adversary,
nor satisfaction to enjoy what justly belonged toothers
If so high a functionary of this Governmentas the secretary
of l's diplomatic department has been capable of presenting to
the Senate of the United States an inducement so unwortny a#
the one upon which the committee have commented, it doesinoi
seem unjust to believe that he may havealso intended tocowce
the ratification of the treaty, by destroying ail hopes of success
