fiek. 1845.
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
161
3fB GoUa 2D SESS.
Oregon TUll~~Mr. Cary.
H. of Reps.
from an arbitiation. No better me£n3, cert^toly, of destroying
such hopes, could be devised, than to prevail upon ftefnbers of
th6 Senate u> advotate the authenticity o! a map which strikes
at (He Jouudaiion af our claim.]
[Subjoined are the resolves which accompanied the
above teporfc <•-—
Resolved, That the tsrrrjs of the treaty of Washington, con-
cluded on the 9ih day of A u^ifst, tS42, so far as they affect the
State of Maine, are not satisfactory tJ t?*e psople thereof
Resolved, That the hopes and expectations, tfEtter which the
State of Maine consented to participate in the negotiatioff^hich
eventuated in the Treaty of Washington, are greatly disappoint-
ed hy the result of that negotiation.
Resolved, That the true meaning and intent of the resolves
passed by the Legislature of Maine, on the 26il} of May, 1842,
entitled ' Resolves in relation to the Northeastern Boundary oi
this State," did notuuthonze the Commissioners, elected under
said rcpoives, to surrender any portion ot the territory within
the line of the tteaty of '83, as claimed by Maine, without a full
equivalent therefor.
Such, said Mr. Gary, was the true position of
Maine in reference to the treaty of Washington.
Her commissioners in assenting to it, had transcend-
ed their authority. The positions taken in the re-
port which had been referred to, and which he in-
tended to incorporate with his published remarks,
had never been controverted, and never could be
successfully assailed. That report was adopted in
the Senate of Maine by a triumphant vote: if his
recollection served him correctly, only five out of the
thirty-ons members of that body voted against it.
The report was, it was true, defeated and rejected in
th& House of Representatives. This result, how-
ever, although to be regretted, left the facts and rea-
sonings of the report as incontestable and impregnable
as they were before. The Senate of Maine, in 1843,
w.'t,-, a purely Democratic body, and not contamina-
ted by the intermixture of a single Federalist Its
adoption and endorsement of the report referred to,
vindicated the Democracy of Maine from any parti-
cipation in the dismemberment of her territory. The
1 ejection of that report in the House, by federal
votes and federal arts, was only another demonstra-
tion of the British instincts of federalism, visible at
all times and in all places. His Whig colleagues
heie, (Messrs. Hhyerance and Morse.) were both
members of that House, and one of them (Mr. 8 vk-
ha-nck) was a dissenting member of the committee
from which the report emanated. They could either
of them describe, much better than he (Mr. C.) could,
by what means and combinations they effected the
rejection of the report in the House, and he left it
to them to do so. He (Mr, C.) would only under-
take to speak for the Senate, of which he was a
member. lie would add, however, that, in his opin-
ion, neither Mr. Severance nor Mr. Mouse could
gain-any credit by boasting the success of their efforts
to .itrangle and defeat a report which vindicated the
integrity of Maine, and placed the shame of her mis-
foiiunes wheie it belonged.
Mr. Hr-vtitaxle here interrupted Mr. Cart, and
inquired if the commissioners of Maine, who as-
sented to the ticaty of Washington, were not taken
equally f'lom both the gi eat political parties'! And
if so, why it had happened to be so ?
Mr. (Jai.t lesumed, and said the fact was as sug-
gested by the inquiry of his colleague. The com-
missioneis wore four in number, and consisted of
two Federalists and two Democrats. They received
their appointment from a Legislature which was
strongly (J. mocuttic. Probably his colleague (Mr.
SfcvBitAM i-.) found it difficult to understand how
Whigs could have received office from Democrats,
iiis colleague belonged to a party which, when out
of power, always talked fluently of proscribing pro-
■>e,-ipiion, but which, when in power, did nothing
but f>njstribv Iicava itThe reason, probablv,
why (these commissioners were taken from both par-
tie,, was, to make both parties responsible for what
might be done. It was a weak and mistaken policy,
and pro\ed ruinous to the interests of Maine. The
two Federal commissioners, immediately on their
anival at Washington, fell an unresisting and appa-
rently willing prey, to the alternate arts and threats
of Daniel Webster. One of the Democratic com-
missioners was so prostrated by ill health as to take
no cffecti\0 part in what was done. The whole
brunt of the battle was thrown upon the remain-
ing Democratic commissioner. He alone resisted
the combined strength of Webster and Ashburton,
and obtained all that was obtained from them in
favor of his State. If he yielded at last, what he
(11)
ought never to have yielded, it Was from the extreme
pressure of embarrassments, which it was almost im-
p'(jss?bie to resist.
No, sSId Mt; Cart, Maine never assented to the
treaty of Washingfoff< She neither authorized it
in advance, nor did she en<jcfttee it after its consum-
mation. Her entire Democratic pre'ret, with a sin-
gle exception, pronounced it infamous. The people
had always repudiated it. It had only obtained
countenance from a faction, which was British at
aii times, and in all things; a faction which had re-
cently sighdiied its propensities by resisting the an-
nexation of Texas, tinder the secret instigation of
British statesmen, and which was now on the eve
of throwing itself against a measure imperiously de-
manded for the protection of our rights iii the beau-
tiful territory of Oregon. This faction defended the
treaty of Washington, and well it might. Under
that treaty Maine was despoiled of her territory, and
the Treasury of the United States was bled, to pay
a part of the expenses of the operation. Great Bri-
tain got everything, and paid nothing. At any rate,
if she paid anything, the money never got beyond
the pockets of Daniel Webster.
Mr. Hamlin, of Maine, here interrupted Mr.
Cary, and asked him whether the commissioners of
Maine had ever assented to the treaty of Washing-
ton, further than by saying that Maine would not
object to it, if the Senate of the United States, in
view of all the circumstances, thought proper to
ratify it.
Mr. Car? resumed, and said, that the commis-
sioners of Maine had given their assent only in the
manner and with the qualifications suggested by his
colleague; and it was due to them and to Maine that
the country should be reminded of this fact. In
their note of July 22, 1842, communicating to Mr.
Webster this conditional assent, they said:
'•The commissioners of Massachusetts have alreadv given their
assent, oil belial] of that Commonwealth. Thus situated, the
commissioners of Maine, invoking the spirit of attachment and
pamotic devotion of their 8late to the Union, and being willing
to yield to the deliberate convictions of her sister States as
to die path of duty, and tr> interpose no obstacles to an adjust-
ment which the general judgment of the nation shall pro-
nounce h"norable and expedient, even if lliaf judgment shall
lead to a surrender of a portion of the birthright of the people
of iheir State, and prized by them because it isiheir birthright,
have deteimined to ovetcome their objections to the proposal,
SO FAR AS TO SAY, that if. upon mature consideration, the
Senate of the United States shall advise and consent to the
ratification of a treaty coi responding in us terms with your
proposal, and with (he conditions in our memorandum accom-
panying this note, (marked A,) and ldenufied by our signatures;
they, by virtue of the power vested in them by the resolves of
the Legislature of Maine, give the assent of that State to such
conventional line."
Nothing, said Mr. C., could be clearer than this
language. It remitted the whole matter to " the ge-
neral judgment of the nation," as represented in the
Senate of the United States. And was Maine now
to be reproached because she had thus deferred " to
the deliberate convictions of her sister States?"
Was this to be the reward of that " spirit of attach-
inent and patriotic devotion to the Union" which
she has always displayed, and never more signally,
or at the cost of greater sacrifices, than in reference
to the treaty of Washington 1 Was she to be taunt-
ed with cowardice because she had yielded up her
territory to the supposed requirements of the peace
and general interests of the whole country 1
Mr. Hamlin" again interrupted Mr. Cary, and in-
quired whether Maine had ever received the pecu-
niary indemnities stipulated in the treaty of Wash-
ington.
Mr. Gary resumed, and said that Maine had as
yet received those indemnities only in part, and that
large sums were still held back from her, both by Great
Britain and by the United States. By the fifth article
of the treaty of Washington, Great Brtain agreed,
within six months after its ratification, to pay over
for the use of Maine and Massachusetts, such mo-
neys and bonds belonging to the " disputed te\ ri-
tory fund," so called, as belonged to those States
respectively. These moneys were paid, and bonds
given, to the authorities of New Brunswick for tim-
ber cut on the disputed territory, and were held in
trust foi whichever party to the dispute, the title of
the land upon which the timber was cut might
finally be adjudged. All the timber cut, or nearly
all of it, was from lands awarded to Maine by the
treaty of Washington; and yet she had not, down to
this time, received a single dollar. The s>ix months
had elapsed long ago, and yet the British authorities
held on to the " fund." They would neither pay it
over, or render an " account" of it, although such
account was expressly stipulated by the treaty.
The same fifth article of the treaty provided that
the United States should "pay and satisfy said
States, [Maine and Massachusetts] respectively,
for all claims for expenses incurred by them in pro-
tecting the said heretofore disputed territory."
This stipulation also had never been complied with.
Maine had been repulsed at the Treasury Depart-
ment by quibbles and fine-drawn constructions, and
numerous claims which she had presented, and
which were most clearly within the treaty, were sus-
pended by the accounting officers of this Govern-
ment, and perhaps would be finally rejected altoge-
ther. At the very best, Maine could not hope to
recover back one-half of the expenditures, direct and
indirect, in which the dispute as to her boundaries
had involved her. Nor, in fact, was it wonderful
that this Government should be grudging and reluc-
tant in the payments which it was obligated to make
by the treaty of Washington. That treaty transfer-
red the territory of Maine to Great Britain, and
threw the burden of what little indemnity was stipu-
lated for Maine, upon the United States Treasury.
Great Britain got everything, and paid nothing,
while the United States paid everything, and got
nothing. Great Britain danced, Maine fiddled for
her, and the United States paid the fiddler. Suck
was the glorious diplomacy conceived by the intel-
lect of a " Godlike" Secretary of State.
Another indemnity stipulated for Maine by the
treaty of Washington was, the "free navigation of
the St. Johns," which she had enjoyed for years
before, under an act of Parliament, and which had
since been practically nullified by the authorities of
New Brunswick, acting under the authority and
sanction of the Home government. The net result
of the whole matter was, that Maine had enjoyed
this "free navigation" before the treaty, and had
lost it since. Instead of gaining anything, she had
lost all the rights which she had exercised before,
and had nothing left but the privilege of making
unavailing remonstrances and complaints.
What had happened in respect to the State of
Maine, should admonish us to resist British aggres-
sions at the threshold in the matter of the Oregon
Territory. Unresisted wrongs were ripened by time
[into a species of right. We must act promptly, or
lose our rights on the Pacific ocean altogether. The
convention of 1818, renewed in 1827, gave Great
Britain rights of joint occupancy in the Oregon Terri-
tory. This was bad enough, and ought to be put an
end to as soon as the provisions of that convention
would admit of it. But the actual state of things was
still worse. Great Britain was fast acquiring sole oc-
cupation and jurisdiction. Her act of Parliament, of
1821, had extended the rights of a Canada fur com-
pany over the Oregon Territory. Great Britain
often proceeded in this way to effect her projects ef
colonization and conquest. She was prompted to
do so by the double motive of economy, and of
avoiding direct responsibilities. She had acquired a
vast empire and a hundred millions of subjects in the
East Indies, through the instrumentality of a mer-
cantile company. Some of her colonies in New
England were originally commenced in the same
way. A Canada fur company was now doing the
work of Biitish aggression in the Oregon, and would
soon perfect the work, unless met by prompt and
energetic measures. The passage of the hill before
the House was one of the measures which the times
demand, and it should receive Ins (Mr. (Vs) hearty
and unhesitating support. His constituents were
ready for it, and would sustain it at all hazards. They
had no part or lot in the Hartford Convention of
the last war, antl would not now be found assembling
in any Fancuil Hall contention to plot the overthrow
of the government, and the dissolution of the Union.
They would sustain the country, with their blood and
treasure, against enemies without and traitors with-
in. They were the ardent, unterrified, and uncom-
promising friends of the immediate annexation of
Texas, and of the immediate occupation of Oregon.
They were not to be diverted from their purposes
either by miserable appeals to sectional prejudices,o
by any vaunting menaces of British power. Thei
