162
appendix to the congressional globe.
Jan. 1845.
28th Cong.....2d Sess.
Oregon Bill—Mr. Bowlin.
H. of Reps.
doctrine was, that this continent was intended by
Providence as a vast theatre on which to work out
the grand experiment of Republican government,
wilder the auspices of the Anglo-Saxon race. If the
worn-out-and corrupt monarchies of the Old World
had colonies here; let them be kept within the nar-
rowest limits, consistent with justice and the faith ef
treaties. Let all which remains be preserved for the
growth and spread of the free principles of American
democracy. The comprehensive spirit of Mr. Jef-
ferson, contemplating the results of the Louisiana
purchase, more than forty years ago, and when our
population but little exceeded one-fourth of its pre-
sent dimensions, looked forward to the time when
lepublican institutions should be extended "along
the endless shoves of the PacificThe same great
man declared that he would never yield " an inch of
(he valley of the Mississippi" The integrity of
that valley, dismembered by the unfortunate nego-
tiations of 3819, had been recovered, so far as this
House was concerned, by the passage of resolves
providing for the re-annexation of Texas«
Let us go on, then, said Mr. C., and perfect the le-
gacy left to us by the sago of Monticello, by extending
republican jurisdiction over " the endless shores of
the PacificLet this body add yet another claim
to the confidence of the country and the applause of
posterity. It had already, so far as its voice and
authority were constitutionally potential, extended
the arms and laws of the American Union from
the Sabine to the Rio del Norte. The eagles of
the Republic, still unsatisfied and undaunted, were
pluming their pinions for yet higher flights. They
were eager to cross the Rocky Mountains, and would
cease their progress only where they encountered the
waters of the great Ocean. Let this House, said Mr.
C., be still true to its duties and its own high posi-
tion. We have restored Texas to the country, from
which folly or treason alienated her. Let us now
occupy the Oregon, and fill up the measure of the
glory and greatness of America.
SPEECH OF MR. BOWLIN,
OF MISSOURI.
Ja the House of Representatives, January 29, 1845—
On the occupation of Oregon.
Mr. Chairman: A great and important question—
one deeply and vitally interesting to the people of
ibis country—has just been disposed of formally, in
obedience to the popular will. Texas, as far as this
House is concerned, has been adjudged a place
amongst the States of this confedeiacy. We have,
by that decision, strengthened the security, and
:\d(k'd wealth, power, and glory to the republic. A
«(Uri<Lt()n no less interesting in any of its aspects, and
mure so in some of them, now demands our delib-
eration. We had lost Texas, and, deeply interest-
ing and importaat as that question was, it did not
daoctly involve the honor of' the nation. This
question does. In that we decided to acquire
territory from its legitimate source. This ques-
tion involves the occupation of our own—the
icdcmption of our soil and our national character,
from the reproach of submitting to foreign coloniza-
tion-
The principles involved in this question are of
such a character as to demand our most serious
consideration. We cannot approach the discussion
too deliberately; nor yet meet the crisis too firmly
for the occasion. It presents the alternative of
tamely submitting to have our territory colonized
by a foreign power to the reproach of our na-
tional character; or to vindicate our country
and our soil, regardless of conscqueuees. We
have not made the question—it has been forced
upon us; and it becomes us to meet it as the
icpresentatives of a free people who are deter-
mined to do justice and maintain their rights. If
the Territory of Oregon is ours, it is a burning re-
proach upon our national honor that it should re-
main, in effect, the colony of a foreign nation. It
should be redeemed; and the foul aspersion that such
submission brings with it should be forever blotted
out from our national escutcheon. Let the star-
spangled banner float proudly to the breeze over
every inch of our soil, or abandon it at once; and
not present to the world the humiliating spectacle of
being colonized, while we content ourselves with un-
meaning complaints. Let us no longer deliberate
upon a question, whether the sacred soil of the re-
public—the land of freemen, and the heritage of
freedom—is longer open for European colonization.
It is a question that interests all, appeals to all,
whose hearts have a responsive beat to the calls of
patriotism, as it puts in issue everything dear to the
patriot—his country's pride—the national honor.
We cannot even deceive ourselves, if we would, with
the true import of this question. We must either
act, or abandon our claim forever. The people are
already reproaching their tardy councils by then
nobler action in reclaiming the country. The
Territory of Oregon is ours. Our people are
emigrating to it. British subjects, sustained by
British forts, and protected by British laws, have
possession of it. Thus the question is made upon
us—we are forced to act or abandon. There is no
alternative left us. We cannot avoid it if we would;
we must meet it; we must maintain our just rights;
we must take possession of our own country, protect
our citizen*#, spread the beneficial effects of our laws
and institutions over our own people on our own
soil, or present the humiliating spectacle to mankind
of yielding our rights, and tamely submitting to the
most unwarrantable pretensions. Our territory is
already colonized; and that, too, by a nation who, in
the arrogance of her boasted power, claims the earth,
and spans it with the emblems of her authority; and
we set here deliberating, not upon our rights—for in
that I hope we agree-—but to ascertain how long it
becomes a great and proud nation to bear the stain
upon her honor, unredressed. It is a question of
right on one side, and bold pretensions on the other.
It is a question that involves the character of our
nation; and, placed here by the people as its guaid-
ians, we would be faithless to the high trust could
we hesitate for a moment in vindicating it with be-
coming spirit. The alternative is clearly placed
before us, either under the vague pretence of negc-
tiation, with a craven spirit, to sell our country and
dismember the republic, or to pass this bill, and
occupy it as a nation, and not shield ourselves be-
hind individual enterprise. Let us take possession
of our own soil at once; maintain the integrity and
purity of our title; and, like our ancestors, perform
our duty, and trust the consequences to God.
But weaie told the matter is m negotiation. Sir,
that song has been sung to the people of this coun-
try for the last twenty-five years; and negotiation
has followed upon negotiation, and all have only
served more and more to embarrass the question.
We certainly have negotiated on a magnificent
scale, when its only effect has been to embarrass a
clear title, and give coloring to a mere pretext.
Thcic is no question here open for negotiation;
there is no question upon winch to employ the
arts of diplomacy; there is no question of dollars
and cents; there is no question of doubtful or con-
flicting title; there is no question of commercial
regulations about which to invoke the aid of diplo-
macy; but one solely and exclusively of title, winch
we claim is perfect in us against the world; *md so
claiming, are bound, by every obligation that binds
man to his country, to maintain it. Diplomacy has
already been the art by which England has bolstered
up her false pretensions in Oregon. Let us not, by
diplomacy, ratify those pretensions into a colorable
title. Why should we negotiate? What negotiate
for? We have nothing to surrender—nothing in
the way of land and territory to barter for other
consideiations; and no constitutional authority to
sell our soil, with our own citizens upon it, to a for-
eign power. If wc were even prepared for the
ignoble deed, think you, sir, that the people of this
country would tamely ratify the contract? No,
never. Let the treaty-making power but baiter
away one inch of the Oregon territory—which we
hold, as I shall presently show, by a title as inde-
feasible as that by which England holds her ocean-
girt island—and it would raise in the people of this
country a spirit of patriotic indignation that would
ring in thunder tones about their ears. They would
not ratify the deed. They would not bow in tame
submission to the protocols by which a portion of
their country and countrymen were transferred to a
foreign power. The interests involved in this ques-
tion are national rights, national faith, national
honor, national aggrandizement—all that is worthy
of a nation's preservation.
Besides the high considerations involved in this
bill, we are placed in a position in which delay or
hesitancy amounts to a virtual abandonment of our
rights. It is not enough to declare our willingness
to act, and reassert our rights; but the question has
assumed a position in which delay is pregnant with
danger, and demands at our hands not only action,
but prompt, immediate, and energetic action. We
have been sleeping upon our poets' too long already,
flattering ourselves that England h^d her people
there by our toleration* by our courtesy, who would
leave when they were assured" their presence was no
longer desirable. But this is no part of her policy.
Justice, against her interest, is not in the catalogue
ofher national virtues. Power, dominion, the earth
as the heritage of her people, are the inscriptions
upon her banner, already planted upon the four
quarters of the globe. Delay on our part is all she
asks. A joint occupation in terms is a separate occu-
pation in fact to her. Let her amuse us with diplo-
macy until she shall have peopled that Territory, and
fortified them in their possessions, and the melancholy
history of wronged Hindoston will be but prophetic
of the fate that awaits the American citizen in Ore-
gon If we would avert such a calamity; if we
would check this mad spirit for universal dominion;
if we would follow our hardy pioneer" with the pro-
tection of our laws, we must act promptly and .with-
out delay. Let us no longer suffer ourselves to be
amused with speculations about treaties where there
is nothing to negotiate about. Let us meet the ques-
tion at once, and wipe out the foul stain upon our
honor, that our country is colonized.
The spirit of emigration is awake in the fearless
and hardy sons of the West. Many of them have
already surmounted all difficulties, and are now firm-
]y planted upon the plains of the Oregon. "Others,
captivated by the noble spirit of enterprise, are fol-
lowing in their train. No perils can check the ener-
gy or dampen the ardor of the hardy sons of the
frontier. Reared to toils, hardships, and dangers,
they bravely court them in a noble and patriotic ad-
venture. With them no obstacle is too great to be
overcome, no danger too perilous to be braved, in
the pursuit of a cherished object. The wide-
stretched, solitary plains, the lurking savage, the
snow-capped mountains,- present no barrier to their
advance. They only look upon them as obstacles
worthy to be encountered and overcome by a brave
heart and stalwart arm. Such is the character of the
Oregon emigrants; and we could not stay them if
we would. We had as well attempt to stay the mad
cuirent of the Missouri, as to check the gallant spirit
which marks the fearless character of the western pi-
oneer. Their march is onward, not to be stayed un-
til they plant the "star spangled banner" on the
shores of the Pacific. We may follow them with
our laws and institutions, which they love and chei-
ish, and reclaim an empire in territory, a Gibraltar in
position, or lose all by our tardy councils.
Besides, sir, while we are deliberating, suffering
ourselves to be amused with pioposiuons of nego-
tiation, the British government, in pursuance of
their settled system of policy, are seizing upon the
territory, and fortifying the stiong holds, the better
to enable them to putus at defiance, when the "tongue
of war" must be the advocate of our rights. In the
face of this we hwsitafe, we defer action, in defer-
ence to the opinions or prejudices ".igendered by
interest, of the English nation. She, on the other
hand, manifests no such delicacy, no &uCh respect
for our opinions. Nearly a quarter of a century ago,
she had done ail that is proposed in bill. With-
out right, without title, without even the privilege
of traffic, save as extended to her h/ our courtesy,
i ho avails herself of that toleration, to plant her
people, establish her laws, erect her forts; and we
sit here with cold indifference, caviling about the
time to check her proud career of usurpation. She
has, for five-and-twenty years, amused us with her
diplomacy; let her succeed in amusing us for half
of five-and-twenty years more, and she flatters her-
self, in the pride of her power, to be able to set our
councils at defiance. Then let us not delay. Let
us act. Every hour's delay, every refusal to act
on our part, gives strength to her lube claim, gives
in the eyes of the world color to her false title. If
we arc not prepared to abandon at once and forever
the glorious appendage to the republic, with all
control of the Northern Pacific, the fisheries, the rich
commerce of the Indies, and plant a formidable
enemy upon our rear, to direct, control, and excite
savage vengeance upon the tronticr settlers, wc must
act, and act as becomes men intrusted with the high
destinies of the republic. Let us demonstrate to the
world at once, by the passage of this bill, that we know
our rights, and will vindicate them. Let us not, by
submission, excite the cupidity of other aggressors;
but, upon the first invasion, strike for our rignts, and
teach the world that they cannot be assailed with
impunity.
No observer of events can doubt for a tnon$6flt
