Jan. 1845.
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
163
28th Cong 2d Sess.
Oregon Bill—Mr. Bowlin.
H. of Reps.
the importance which England gives to this acquisi-
tion. Her settled policy, as shadowed forth in
every act for the last half century, is to acquire do-
minion over the commerce of the world. In ad-
vancing that system of policy, so far, every obstacle
has been overcome, every resistance conquered,
until her flag waves in every quarter of the globe,
and her sails whiten upon every sea. Compared
with her acquisitions, the dominions of the conquerer
of the world were insignificant; and Rome, m her
palmiest days, a little before she crumbled by her own
weight, was a circumscribed power. To acquire
and maintain that vast power, and her almost un-
limited possessions, a system of policy has been
constantly pursued, which does infinite credit to the
wisdom of her statesmen, however much it may be
a reproach upon their sentiments of justice. Every
commanding position, for a military or naval
station, to strike, to control and guide the destiny
of neighboring powers, has fallen a ready victim,
either to her diplomacy or her arms. They already
embrace nearly the whole globe in their circle, from
which their ships, like floating batteries, may be
brought to bear upon any given point at a moment's
warning, and make a blow, when policy dictates it,
as suddenly as terrible. She has already advanced
the standard of her power from her own "ocean-girt
island" to the Indies, leaving in her train her prov-
inces and her bristling fortifications to awe into obe-
dience the dominions of the Old World. Her ambi-
tion knows no bounds. The Pacific is to be passed,
to open new fields for her enterprise upon the west-
ern shores of our own continent. But here the scep-
tre falls. A scion of that branch which would over-
shadow the earth with her power, is fated, in the
hands of destiny, to check her mad career for uni-
versal dominion. In Oregon, she meets those who
sprung from a common stock—the same Anglo-
Saxon race, and as little accustomed to witness a
triumphal march over the ruins of their country, as
are the would-be conquerors of the earth.
To appreciate her far-seeing policy and the acme
of her ambition, we have but to look to her military
and naval stations, scattered over the globe, and
judge foi ourselves of the influence they are likely to
exert on the destinies of the nations of the earth.
Wish Gibraltar, whose strength has become pruver-
bial amongst men, she commands the entuuice to the
Mediterranean, southern Euiope, and northwestern
Aliic.1. With the naval and militaiy force concen-
trated there, in that impregnable fortress, always
ready to fake with a secure retieat for safety, what
neighbuuni; nation dares to counteract her policy?
Mi)Ita and the Ionian islands in her possession,
with her fortifications on the former, which have ex-
cited the admiration of the world as works of art,
she commands the Archipelago, Egypt, and a por-
tion of the Turkish empire; and holds them in obe-
dience to her overshadowing power in that quarter.
Her policy and her commercial systems constitute
the laws of trade where she holds such power to
enforce obedience to her decrees.
St. Helena, a barren island in the south Atlantic,
rendered immortal as the prison house of the impe-
rial ca})ti\e Napoleon, commands the southwestern
coast uf Afiica, and harasses the commerce of the
world m that region.
With her stations at the Cape of Good Hope she
controls the destinies of the south and southeast
coast of Africa up to the Red sea—thus surrounding
thi, whole continent at every available point with
her fortifications, from Malta to Capetown. T he
isle of France, connected m this chain, commands
the commerce of the Indian ocean.
Hindostan and the island of Ceylon, the mightiest
of her provinces upon the globe, control the desti-
ny of southern Asia, with their millions of wealth
ciiid population, all made tributary to their grasping
p'Aver.
The bay of Bengal, and her possessions there, are
the eounteractins power to the empire of Burmah,
whose people btand in awe of the mighty genius
that directs her military and naval operations. Her
vast possessions m Australia, or Australasia, are the
key to the rich commerce of the Indies, which has
enriched every nation that commanded it, from the
days oi'Tyit", aG,ueen of cities, to the present rime.
Clniia has frit and bowed to the miiueiiee of her
nulitaiy i.iiv.er, c-'iuini^ in suppoj t of her commerce.
She d.ctst"-1 that they r.Lall rat her opium, consume
her poison, to "-,ve employment to her millions of
slaves in Jfi!,dobtOt> <r.d Ceylon in the culture of
that (hug, so well suited to the climate; China re-
sists, is overcome, her ports are thrown open, and
Iter people demoralized and depraved with an intox-
icating poison, because it suits the interests of British
trade of British commerce.
This is a partial view of the military stations
and provinces with which she surrounds and en-
chains the nations of the Old World, commanding
the avenues of trade by sea, and the destinies of
their commercial operations. But not content with
these, she is advancing her standard into the inte^
rior of Asia, and struggling with the Afghans for the
dominion of the ancient empire of Persia, and the
command of the overland trade of India.
Though her operations have been on a less mag-
nificent scale, she has not been inattentive to her po-
litical and commercial interests upon our own con-
tinent. Nova Scotia, Bermuda, and Trinidad, stretch
along in a line from the northern settlements of
North America to the southern portion of South
Amcrica, affording places of security for their ship-
ping in their naval operations in this quarter of the
globe. And she has been struggling to extend her
power over the Sandwich islands, as a commanding
position, to advance her pretensions to Oregon.
These islands are only kept from falling into her
grasp by the jealousy of rival powers in Europe,
who are unwilling to see her add that rich cluster,
destined to occupy no ordinary place in the com-
merce of the world, to her already overgrown com-
mercial power. Ratify her pretensions to the Sand-
wich Islands, and leave her in possession of Ore-
gon, and she completes the circuit of her power
upon the globe; she will dictate laws, for the com.
merce of the northern Pacific, as she now does in the
East Indian Archipelago.
But, sir, important as it is to us to interpose
checks to the advancement of such a grasping pow-
er, and maintain free and unshackled the commerce
of the northern Pacific, yet we would not do it at the
expense of our institutions by imitating her exam-
ple. We seek no acquisitions by foreign conquest
to maintain balances of power; we leave that to
others, and content ourselves with vindicating our
own rights. If the title of Oregon is not in us, we
should set no claim to the Territory; but if it be ill
us, we should vindicate it against foreign aggression,
whatever consequences may follow. I shall there-
fore proceed to the investigation of the title of the
respective claimants, applying to them those princi-
ples in national law which seem to me to be applica-
ble to the case. And I flatter myself I shall be able
to show, ill this investigation, not only that Great
Britain has not, and never did have, any shadow of
title, but that wc have one, clear and indisputable,
to the whole Territory of Oregon; first, by purchase
from Spain; secondly, by discovery and occupation;
and thirdly, by contiguity.
In order, then, to exhibit the full force of our
claim, as derived through France and Spain, it will
be neeessapy to proceed to show the validity of their
respective claims, as founded upon prior discovery.
I am aware that it is contended that France never
had any claim west of the Rocky mountains; nor is
it necessary, for the support of this argument, to
show whether she had or not; because, holding both
the titles of France and Spain to all those countries,
the title is in us, if it be found in either. It is certain
we have no accounts of voyages of discovery by
France, on the northwest coast of America. But we
introduce her into this argument, because, whilst
she held possession of Louisiana, which she after-
wards sold to us in full property, she entered into
treaty stipulations with Great Britain, relative to
those possessions by which the latter abandoned
her pretensions of going from sea to sea, based
upon her Atlantic discoveries; and also to show
the extent of country acquired by Great Britain
from France, by the conquest of Canada, and de-
monstrate that, even if France had pretensions be-
yond the Rocky mountains, none of them passed to
Great Britain by the treaty growing out of that con-
quest. ,
Upon the discovery of this continent by Colum-
bus, a general spirit of enterprise was aroused,
amongst the nations of Europe, to seize upon respec-
tive portions of it, appiopriate it to their own use,
and plant colonies upon it, founding their titles
upon thcii prior discovery, warranted by the law
of nations, as 1 shall presently show, when I come
to apply their principles to the tacts m this
ca=e. Spam having projected the discovery of
the country, took the leadj in these expeditions,
and planting colonies on tnc new continent—and
was followed m her expeditions by most of the na-
tions of Europe, amongst which England and
France were the most conspicuous, in addition to
the inducements which the countiy itself held out
to excite their cupidity, the prevailing opinion that
the Pacific and Atlantic were connectedby some
northwest passage,-aroused all their energies to find
out a shorter route to the rich commerce of the
Indies. And their efforts to discover this passage'
along the northwestern coast of the Pacific, brought
them very early in contact with the Oregon Terri-
tory. I shall proceed to examine first the expedi-
tions projected by Spain for this purpose, and the
dates and extent to which they were carried-.
Immediately after the conquest of Mexico by
Cortes, that distinguished leader^ -.who had immor-
talized himself by his bold and daring adventures
upon the new continent, projected an expedition
across the continent to the Pacific, and up the coast
to the northern region. In that.expedition he ex-
plored the Gulf of California and the surrounding
country, taking possession of it in the name of his
sovereign. This was the, first attempt from any
civilized nation to explore those vast regions. And
the enterprise was sufficient to have immortalized
the name of Cortes, had he not previously acquired
an imperishable fame from his military exploits.
This expedition of Qortes was in 1534; and was fol-
lowed up by a succession of continued tours of ob-
servation by the Spanish authorities between that
time and 1543, when Bartolome Ferrelo discovered
the coast of Cape Blanco, doubtless the mouth of
the Umqua river, in latitude. 43 degrees north, dis-
tinctly within the now recognised limits of Oregon;
so that it is beyond doubt that the first civilized man
who ever set his foot upon the soiljof Oregon was a
Spaniard, in the service of that government. It is
not even pretended that those wild regions had ever
been explored before that period by any civilized
nation. Then Spain was certainly the first civilized
power that discovered and explored that country—
at least as high as the 43d degrees of north latitude.
Indeed, these discoveries were made before any other
civilized nation had ever navigated those seas.
In 158=2, Gali, a Spaniard, prosecuted his discove-
ries along the coast as high up as 57 degrees 30
minutes north latitude, being entirely beyond the
northern limits of Oregon, and embracing it as con-
nected with the former discoveries southward.Of
this expedition theiecan be no doubt, as the accura-
cv of his descriptions of the point ill this latitudehas
borne the te^J of subsequent observation. By this
it is clearly shown that Spanish navigators penetra-
ted the northern ocean along that coast, beyond the
limits of Oregon, as early as 1582, and long before
the representative of any civilized nation ever saw
them.
There are accounts of other intermediate voyages,
one by Wedaneta, in 1554, and one by Ladielleso,
in 1574; but their authenticity having been question-
ed, and their being abundant evidence of prior dis-
covery without them, they will.not be relied on in
this place.
The. next regular voyage of discovery along that
coast, was made by a Greek pilot in the service of
Spain, named Juan de Fuca, from whom the strait
between the island of Cluadra and Vancouver and the
main land has taken its name. This voyage was
performed in 1599, and attended with successes so
superior to all former navigators, that the world, for
a time, in utter ignorance of the country he had ex-
plored, save from his own account, were disposed
to treat hie narrative as apocryphal. But time, the
test of truth, and subsequent explorations, have
fully confirmed the account of his voyages and dis-
coveries; and in honor of them, by universal assent,
his name has been perpetuated with the strait he
was the first to enter. In this voyage, he went some
distance up the strait, and remained for some time
trading with the natives. The southern entrance to
to this strait in about 48 j degrees north latitude, and
his wanderings must have been between that and
51 degrees, its northern outlet. So that, as early as
1599, the Spaniards had made themselves familiar
with the coast of this country, almost tojts'northern
extremity.
The next exploring expedition of these coasts
was one fitted out on a magnificent scale by the gov-
ernment of Spain; and the fleet, consisting of three
lar e vessels, were committed to the care of Sebas-
tian Vizcaino. This fleet set sail from Acapulco,
on the 2d of May, 1602, and explored thelcoasts of
California as lit-h as the 42d degree of north latitude,
preserving, in maps, an accurate description of the
countries examined. Vizcaino returned on the -1st
of March, 1603; but one of the ships, piloted by An-
tonio Fiorex, ami commanded by Aguilar,
d on north; to the river Umqua, 111 latitude 43 ae-
