164
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
Jan. 1845.
28th Cong Sess.
Oregon Bill—Mr. Bowlin.
H.-of Reps.
grees, the same supposed to have been discovered
by Ferrelo sixty years before.
These constitute the early discoveries of the
Spaniards along the northwest coast of America.
After which, that spirit of enterprise which seemed
   animate Spain at that early day in prosecuting her
discoveries, and exploring the hidden recesses of
the northvvest coast, seems, from some cause or
other, to have entirely abated. But it seems they
did not give it up, until, by the most thorough in-
vestigation, and years of toil, they were forced to
abandon the hope of finding a passage between the
Pacific and Atlantic in the northwest—which was
one of the most cherished ideas of their early expe-
ditions.
To meet these early, successive, and ontinued
voyages of discovery of the Spaniards, and their
wonderful suceess, what has England to set up on
the part of h«r navigators? She has one single voy-
age, subsequent in point of time, and every way
fruitless as a voyage of discovery. In 1579, Sir
Francis Drake, in whoso person was combined the
double character of navigator and buccaneer, ar-
rived in those seas—whether allured thither by a
laudable ambition to contribute to the world's in-
formation, or to plunder the commerce of Spain in
those distant seas, historians are not agreed. Certain
it is, however,that he was on the coast of California
during thatyear; that he stopped atthebay ofSt. Fran-
■cis, in latitude 38° 30', and there px-etended to take
possession of the country, which had been appro-
priated forty-odd years before, and called it New
Albion. From thencc he sailed north as high as
latitude 43°, and approached the coast, but returned
without ever landing. This is the full extent of
his discoveries on the northwest coast; from which
it is clear that he never touched the country of Oregon,
as it commences at 42 deg. north latitude; and the
country that he did assume to discover was the
scene of the operations of Cortes and his followers
more than forty years before Drake came into those
seas. Here, then, we have in contrast the discov-
eries of Spain, and the discovery of England during
the sixteenth century, which constitutes the founda-
tion of the title of each. On the part of Spain, we
have a succession of voyages of discovery in 1534,
#543, 1582, 1599, and 1603, extending from the
southern coast of California, to 57 deg. 30 min.
north latitude, if not to Behring's Straits, attended
with landings and trading with the natives. On the
part of England, one in 1579, without landing, ex-
cept in the previously occupied territory of Califor-
nia. These are the foundations of their respective
rights—the one as valid a title as naked discovery
could bestow; the other, the poorest pretext that
ever was set up to cover ambitious designs. The
one sustained by a constant, persevering, and con-
tinued system of voyages of discovery, by men and
ships in the employment of the government for
that purpose; the other by an accidental appearance
subsequently upon that coast of a kind of freebooter,
with the imposing title of navigator.
Subsequent to this period no new discoveries
were attempted for a long' seiies of years by either
Spain or England along the northwest coast be-
yond California, which Spain continued to settle
and occupy. England made no attempt to follow
up the pretended discovery of Drake for one hun-
dred and ninety-seven years; nor Spain, excluding
some narratives not well authenticated, for one hun-
dred and seventy-one years, with the exception that
she continued to plant her colonies in California,
and claim the whole coast as an appendage to that
province. Things remained in this quiet state until
the energies of the European nations were again
aroused to this subject by the advances of Russia
oil the noi thern extremity of the coast. Between
1728 and 1741, Russia planted her colony, the his-
tory of which, going back to Europe, awakened a
new enterprise for discovery and colinization.
Spain, as she had been before, was the first to en-
gage in it, and led the way for others to follow
after. She was alarmed for the security of her pos-
sessions; England was stimulated by the hope of new
acquisitions; and both prepared to engage in the
new enterpiisc.
The first of this new series of voyages was one
projected by Spain, under the command of Don
Juan Perez, with Maitinez for his pilot. Their
orders were to reconnoitre the coast from Monterey,
to the 60th degree of north latitude. They left San
Bias in January, 1674, and landed at Nootka sound in
August, of the same, year—being the first Europeans
there—and called it San Lorenzo. Here they re-
mained some time trading with the native. This
is the ktentical same place visited four years after
by Cook, and called by him King George's sound.
The next year, 1775, another expedition was fitted
out again by Spain, which in its progress discovered,
in latitude 46 degrees, a promontory called San
Roque, now known as Cape Disappointment, being
the northern point of entrance to the Columbia river;
also a bay in latitude 58 degrees, of which they took
possession in the name of their sovereign, and called
it Port Remedies. This expedition also discovered
the mouth ofthe Columbia river, and called it Entrada
de Heceta, after one of their comrades in command.
This is the first discovery, by any European, of that
river, and it was not then entered or explored by
them.
In 1776, another expedition was projected-by
Spain, and intrusted to the care of duadra and Ar-
teaga, which set sail from San Bias, in 1779, and
added important discoveries to those already made.
In the same year, the Spaniards under Martinez
made a settlement at Nootka sound, and constructed
fort San Miguel. At the same time Fidalgo formed
a second Spanish settlement to the southwest of Qua-
dra's island, on the main land, at the entrance of the
strait of Juan de Fuca, in latitude 48 degrees 20
minutes north. This constitutes the second epoch
of the Spanish discoveries and settlements up to the
difficulties that led to the Nootka convention.
Now, as an offset to these, what are the British
discoveries?—for settlements they never pretended to
any. Simply that Cook, on a voyage to discover the
northwest passage, acting under strict instructions
to that object, and that alone, touched at Nootka
sound in 1778, four years after the Spaniards were
there, remained some days, christened it anew as
St. George's sound, and left, and sailed north to
Behring's straits, never even touching the territory
of Oregon.
Now, with these facts relating to the discovery of
this territory before us, let us apply the law and
see where the right lay at the time England com-
menced bravadoing Spam into an acquisecence to
her pretentions.
It is a settled principle in those usages and cus-
toms, which have grown up into a code of laws for
civilized nations, that the first discoverer of an un-
appropriated country acquires title thereto, particu-
larly if it be followed by possession. It is also a
well settled principle that the discoverer of the
mouth of a river is entitled to the country watered
by it, if it has not been pieviously appropriated.
And savages and barbarians, who refuse to culti-
vate the earth, but hold it unoccupied for hunting
grounds, have no superior claim to exclude those
who seek sustenance from its soil by labor and in-
dustry. Hence the savages of America have never
been regarded as presenting a barrier to the doctrine
of acquiring title by discovery. The rules upon
this subject, as laid down by Vattel, are as follows:
"All mankind have an equal right to things that have not
yet lallen into the possession ot any one; ami those things
belong to the peison "who lirst takes possession of them
When, therefore, a nation finds a conntiy uninhabited, and
wuhont an owner, it inoy lawfully take possession ot it,
and alter it has sufficiently made known its -will in this re-
spect, it cannot he deprived of it bv another nation 'thus,
navigatois going on voyages ot discovery, lurnishcd with
a commission fiom their soveieign, and meeting with isl-
ands oi ether lands in a desert state, have taken possession
of them in the name of their nation, and this title has been
usually inspected, provided it was soon after followed hy a
leal possession.—(^207, Olntly's Vattel)
"The whole earth is destuiued to feed its inhabitants; hnt
this it wonid be incapable ot doing if it \\ ere uncultivated.
Every nation is then obliged by the law of nature to culti-
vate the land that has fallen to its share, and it has no riyht
to enlarge its boundaries, or have leconrse to the assistance
of other nations, but in proport,on as the land m its posses-
sion is incapable of furnishing it with necessanes. These
nations (sueh us the aneicnt Germans, and some modem
Tartar^) v,ho inhabit fertile countnes, but disdain to cul-
tivate their lauds, and choose rather to iive by plunder, aie
wmtmgto themselves, aie mjuiious to all their neighbors,
and deserve to be extirpated as savage and pernicious
beasts. Theie aie otheis, who, to avoid labor, choose to
live ouly by hunting, and their tiocks. This might, doubt-
less, be allowed in the first ages of the u oild, when the
earth, without cultivation, produced more than was suffi-
cient to teed its small number of inhabitants. But at pres-
ent, when the human race is so gieatly multiplied, it could
not subsist if all nations v, ere disposed to live in that man-
ner. Those who still pursue this idle mode of life,usuip
more extensive territoiies than, with a reasonable share of
latior, they would have occasion for, and have, theiefore,
110 reason to complain if other nations, more industrious and
too closely confined, come to take possession of a part of
those lauds.—(:'\ -i 1 )
f it is asked whether a nation may lawfully take posses-
sion of some part of a vast country, in which there are none
but erratic nations, whose scanty population is incapable
of occupying the whole. We have already obseived, ((, SI )
in establishing the obligation to cultivate the earth, that
those nations cannot exclusively appropiiate to themselves
more land than they have occasion for, or moxe than they
are able to settle and cultivate. Their unsettled habitation
in those immense regions cannot be accounted a true olid
legal possession; and the people ot Europe, too closely
pent up at home, finding land of which the saVages stood in
no particular need, ami of which they made no actual and
constant use, were lawfully entitled to take possession of it
and settle it with colonies."—(!) 209.)
Applying the doctrines of national law, as here
laid down, to the facts before detailed, and I ask
what ingredient is wanting to give Spain a title, or
where is England to find even the shadow of a claim?
.If the law respecting rights founded on discovery
be not a farce, a mere rope of gandj to be scattered to
the winds when it comes in Conflict with the interest
of Great Britain, she cannot but l-egard the valid-
ity of the title of Spain. In the discoveries of the
sixteenth century, the English navigator only fol-
lowed the Spanish explorers at the distance in time
of forty-odd years behind; and that, too, without even
touching the land above California. As far as
Drake was a discoverer of new countries on that
coast, he seems only to have discovered such as had
been previously appropriated. His pretended dis-
coveries in California were but trespasses upon the
Spanish domain; and in that day of the pride and
power of Spain's strength he would doubtless have
been made to.regret his temerity, if they had caught
him performing his farce with the natives. The
English government never regarded this voyage of
Drake as any foundation for a claim, until Spain's
weakness stimulated their reckless ambition for ac-
quisition of territory; or why did she lay dormant
on it for 197 years, without an effort to follow it
up by possession? It is an after thought, prompted
not by the spirit of justice, but by that bold spirit of
aggression which has so long distinguished her
policy.
But they would tell us, doubtless, that these early
discoveries were mere naked discoveries, without
settlement, and conferred no title. But if a prior
naked discovery conferred no title on Spain, ccr-
tainly a subsequent one of the same kind could con-
fer none on Great Britain. But let us test this doc-
trine of prior naked discovery by their own deci-
sions, when they occupied the other side of the
question, and their interests came in conflict with
the principles ofinternational law. What were the
principles adjudicated and settled in the case of
New York, and the Falkland islands, in the latter
of which they applied their doctrines to Spain her-
self?
In the case of New York, in the reign of Henry
VII, 1497, John Cabot, an English navigator, dis-
covered Newfoundland, in the north Atlantic, and
sailed along the coast south to Virginia. No settle-
ment followed any part of it. In 1583—eighty-four
years after the discovery—the first charter was
granted to any portion of the country. This charter
was granted to Sir Humphrey Gilbert; and the ex-
pedition growing out of it wholly failed? Nothing
further was done until 1607, when Sir Walter Ra-
leigh made his first settlement in Virginia, 110 years
after the discovery, which was rendered permanent
about 1618. In the intermediate time, between Ca-
bot's naked discovery and the settlement in Vn-
ginia, the Hollanders discovertd New York, and
followed it immediately by settlement. In 1614 the
English made war upon the infant colony, and
broke it up, for an infringement of their claim by
naked discovery 117 years before. The Hollanders
returned, and fortified themselves; but in 1664 Eng-
land granted the territory to the Duke of York, and
furnished troops to take forcible possession of it,
which was done.
Now, sir, here was a claim founded on naked dis-
covery, with no other act indicating the intention of
the government to possess or settle it, for 117 yean;
yet upon that discovery England decrees in favor of
her own title against actual settlers, and enfoices
that decree at the cannon's mouth. Apply the prin-
ciples she settles in this case to the Oregon, and
where is her shadow of claim?
Again, sir: the Falkland islands oifered us another
precedent of English justice, where her interest was
concerned. In 1592 Captain Davis first saw these
islands, but never landed. The year after, Sir Rich-
ard Hawkins visited them; and believing them to he
the continent, named them Hawkins's Maiden Land
A Dutch navigator named Sebald Dewest discover-
ed them in 159 , and called them Sebald's islands.
This was the last of them until 1764, when Captain
Byron found one of them, and took possession of it
formally in the name of his sovereign, but attempted
to make no settlement. In 1766 Spain discovered
and settled another, knowing nothing of what the
English had been doing. In the same year of the
