166
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
Jan. 184§.
28th Cong.....2d Sess.
Oregon Bill—Mr* Bowlin.
H. of Eeps.
ments established in 1808 and 1810; and only
checked from continuing by a capture in war,
which was afterwards abandoned and restored.
Now apply the principle laid down in the law of
nations, that Ihe titles upon new discoveries are re-
spected, provided they are soon after followed by
settlements, to the facts in this case, and they pre-
sent a title, the validity of which is unquestionable.
Are we to be told here, that the settlements in this
case did not follow the discovery soon enough? And
that, too, by a nation who are in the habit of enforc-
ing their claims upon discovery, where settlements
have not followed for a century and a half? The
very soil upon which this capital stands was an
English title, acquired by discovery not followed by
settlement for more than a century. And does it
become them to tell us that we lose our claim by
virtue of discovery, because settlement did not fol-
low up for some dozen years? Is she to be permitted to
dictate one set of laws for her neighbors, and an-
other set for herself? Is she to be allowed to tell us
that settlement within a century after discovery
gives title to the English nation, yet settlement
within a dozen years cannot save the original dis-
covery of others? In short, are her overgrown power
and unbounded ambition for dominion to be con-
sulted, in establishing the principles to govern in
cases where her interests are concerned1* Or are the
principles of international law to govern against her,
as against the other civilized nations of the earth?
By the facts and the law, our title is valid upon the
faith of our own discovery. Judged by the stand-
ard of British adjudications when her own interests
were concerned, it is "perfect past all parallel." But
we seek not "to command the ingredients of (her)
poisoned chalice te her own lips" to adjudicate this
case by her own settled decisions; because they were
wrong, unjust, and oppressive, substituting the
standard of power for that of right—an example
which I trust this nation will never imitate. But
we will maintain the integrity of the national law,
and require of her to respect the same, though it
should occasionally conflict with that grasping sys-
tem of policy by which she seeks to make the na-
tions of the earth pay homage to her power.
But whilst these things were going on in the United
States, what was England doing to manifest any
claim to the Northwest Territory? After the treaty
of Nootka, explorers were sent out, and made some
important investigations upon former discoveries;
but added nothing new, except the geographical in-
formation they imparted. This was in 1792, 1793,
and 1794. McKenzie's tour, which has been set up
as the foundation of a claim—was not only subse-
quent to Gray, but he never saw the waters of the
Columbia. He doubtless thought he did, and so
reported. But subseqent infoimation about the
country, applied to his observations of his route, es-
tablish conclusively, that the river he saw w;\s one
that emptied its waters into the straits of Juan de
Fuca, and not the Columbia. Their operations
along the coasts were as fruitless as McKenzie's
in the work of establishing title.
In 1796, war broke out between Spain and Great
Britain; and for nearly twenty years both nations
were too much engrossed with the events in Europe
to pay any attention to the northwest coast. It was
virtually abandoned by them, and the whole carry-
ing trade of those seas was almost exclusively un-
der the flag of the United States; so that, during the
progress of our explorations and settlements, the
country was almost rid of British intrusion from the
seaboard. In 1806, Frazer established a post for
trade on the head waters of Stuart'3 river, above the
latitude of 54 degrees. This was whilst Clark and
Lewis were in the country exploring it. Some other
establishments were made at a later period, but all
subsequent to the American exploration and settle-
ment of the country. This is the foundation of the
British title as against the American; by which it is
clearly demonstrable that the Americans were the
first discoverers, first explorers, and first settlers,
upon any of the waters of the Columbia.
Astoria, the American trading post at the mouth
of the Columbia, was captured on the 1st Decem-
ber, 1813, by the British sloop of war Raccoon,
while the two nations were at war. By the first ar-
ticle of the treaty of peace, concluded in December,
1814, it was, amongst other things, provided, "that
all territory, places, and possessions whatsoever,
taken by either party from the other during or after
the war, except certain islands m the Atlantic
claimed by both, should be restored without delay."
In obedience to this article, Astoria was subse-
quently formally restored, without the slightest
reservation or pretension of claim set up by Great
Britain. It could not have been an oversight with
a people so shrewd to their own interests as the
people of Great Britain. No: they had no claim.
Their pretended claim now is an afterthought, as it
was towards Spain at the Nootka convention. It is
a part of her system of policy, by which she has
acquired a great portion of her vast possessions, to
make bold pretensions to any territory that she
thinks would aggrandize her power, draw around
her adversary the arts of diplomacy, which, with
her, are always backed by her arms, and finally tri-
umph either by artifice or force.
If, then, up to the restoration of Astoria, she
had no claim, what claim has she since acquired?
Is it to be found in the third article of the treaty of
1818, renewed and extended by the treaty of 1827?
The third article of the treaty of 1818, is as fol-
lows:
"Aut 3. It is agreed that any country that may bo claim-
ed bv either party on the north'w est coast of America, west-
ward of the Stony mountains, shall, together with its har-
bors, bays, and creeks, and the navigation of all rivers
within the same, be free and open for the term of ten years
from the date of the signature of the present convention, to
the vessels, citizens, and subjects ofthe two powers;,it be-
ing well understood that this agreement is not to be con-
strued to the prejudice of any ciaim which either ofthe two
high contracting parties may have to any part of the said
country; nor shall it be taken to all'oct the claims of any
other power or State to any part of the said country; the
only object of the high contracting parties in that respect
being to prevent disputes and ditterences among them-
selves."
Whilst I should have been loth to endorse the
spirit of this article of the treaty, I am yet at a loss
to know what right of territory, of sovereignty, is
surrendered by us, or acquired by hei? It is true,
the claims of "the two high contracting parties" arc
ingeniously woven into an article for free navigation
and trade; but, like the treaty of Nootka, it does not
impair the claim, or question the sovereignty of that
nation whose flag was waving to the breeze, and
giving nationality to the country at the very time
this treaty was made. There is no stipulation that
it is to be torn down, no stipulation for the surren-
der of any portion of the sovereignty, but merely a
stipulation of free ingress and egress for trade, with-
out impairing title. By the treaty of 1827 this arti-
cle was extended, until it should be annulled by a
year's notice of either party. And are these treaties
the foundation of the British claim upon Oregon5 If
they are, their pretensions are erected upon a struc-
ture as frail "as the baseless fabric of a vision."
Both of them, upon their face, were commercial trea-
ties merely, and had nothing to do with dominion,
sovereignty, and jurisdiction. Spain's sovereignty
over the country remained unshaken by the treaty of
Nootka, as also did that of the United States by the
treaty of London.
Having, as I flatter myself, established the validi-
ty of our title, both through the discoveries and set-
tlements of Spain and of our own people, it only re-
mains to notice one other point on this branch of the
subject, and that is the principle of contiguity, the
corollary of title by discovery. It is a well settled
principle in establishing rights of discovery, that the
party is not bound to explore the whole country, but
the possession is coextensive with the country until
checked by other settlements of civilised nations.
Or, in other words, possession is taken of a part in
the name of the whole region of country naturally
belonging to it; and by the force of this principle title
is acquired over it.
Now, apply this principle to the Spanish discov-
eries and settlements, daring the sixteenth, seven-
teenth, and eighteenth centuries, pushing their set-
tlements along the coast of California, and their dis-
coveries and settlements along Oregon almost to its
northernmost extremity, and what ground is left for
cavil about portions of this territory?
Again: upon the acquisition of Louisiana from
France, our title was carried to the very confines of
Oregon, which was at that time unoccupied save by
savages, if we except Nootka, upon an island; and
what was there to restrain us by the principles of
contiguity from extending our dominion over it?
Nothing. We did extend it under the exploring
expedition of Lewis and Clark, and added another
strong link to our already valid title to this country.
England cannot dispute this principle, because upon
its faith she oncc claimed, in virtue of her Atlantic
colonies, to go to the Pacific, and surrendered it-only
by an actual treaty stipulation with France in 1763,
when the Mississippi was fixed as the boundory
of her claims.
Having said thus much of title, let w see if the
charge, so frequently reiterated during this debate,
that this bill is a violation of our treaty stipulations,
is well founded in fact. The bill simply provides
for establishing a cordon of military posts—five in
number—along the route, to give security to the
emigrants of Oregon; and one at the mouth of the
Columbia, to protect their rights from invasion by
sea. It also organizes a territorial government, to
give our citizens the protection of our own laws and
institutions upon our own soil; and guaranties the
protection of the settler in his title to his land as soon
as the matter of territorial right is settled, and the.
Indian title extinguished.
Now, sir, the treaty stipulates that the harbors,
bays, and cieeks, and the navigation of all the riv-
ers, are to be kept free and open to the vessels, citi-
zens and subjects of the two powers, without preju-
dice to the claims of either party. What is there in
this bill that controverts that treaty? There is no
proposition in it to close any of the avenues of travel
guarantied by it. Then, I ask gentlemen, in what
is the treaty infracted? Is it the organization of gov-
ernment for the protection of our citizens9 Sir,
if we have at any time been silly enough
to establish a compact that deprives us of
the power of protecting our own citizens upon
our own soil, then it should be infracted, cost what
it may. But this is not the fact; there is nothing in
it to militate against the exercise of this authority.
There is nothing in the bill to counteract the treaty
or affect it,* unless England wishes so to regard it,
and force a quarrel; in which event, I say let it come.
Besides, sir, we are only proposing to do for our
own citizens what she has long since done for hers—
give them the protection of law. The treaty was
originally made in 1818; and in 1821 she passed a
law in Parliament extending the jurisdiction of Can-
ada over this' country, and providing for the organ-
ization of a quasi civil government within its bor-
ders for the protection of her citi7ens; and are we to
be estopped from doing the same thing through a
cravcn fear of her petulance or her power? In every
essential material, she has, without title, without
right of soii, done every thing proposed in tins bill;
and yet wc hesitate upon some imaginary tear of
the infraction of treaties. If the passage of this bill
be a violation of the treaty, she violated it near-
ly n quarter of a century ago. And it is time to
ascertain whether we are to be restrained by her
from giving laws to our own people within our own
sovereign jurisdiction. Sir, the passage of this bill
is not an infraction of the treaty; and if England, in
her grasping spirit for dominion, sees proper so to
regard it, let her do it, and do it, too, athcr own peril.
She will not find in the American citizen the down-
trodden serfs of Hindostan, who bow in submission
to the dismemberment of their country; but a band
of fieemcn, who will save it or perish with it.
But sir, we are frequently told that Oregon is a
most uninviting spot, a mountainous, arid and bar-
ren soil, and not worthy of a contcst. I might meet
this objection by saying that it was enough for us to
know that it was our own, and national honor de-
manded of us to preserve it from aggression. If it
would be valuable to England, it would be too valua-
ble to us to submit to its dismemberment from the
republic. There are other causes to render a coun-
try valuable, than the mere fertility of soil. Position
to command—to control the destines of commerce,
gives value in the eye of nations. Whatgi\es value
to the barren rock of Gibraltai? what gives value to
the sterile island of Malta? what gives value to that
isolated island m mid ocean, St. Helena' Their
military positions, commanding the commerce ofthe
Mediterranean and the south Atlantic, ;4o with
Oregon. It is destined to be the key to the com-
merce of the northwestern c«cean and the Indies,
and tiiat gives value to the position.
But Oregon itself is neither the paradise the par-
tiality of us friends would paint it, nor the bairen,
rocky, und stenle region that its foes wouid repre-
sent it. It is, if there be truth in the tales of its ex-
plorers, very like our own Atlantic slope on this
side of the continent, only that nature there has
worked upon a more magnificent scale, giving
larger streams, bolder and higher mountains, and
more extensive valleys. It is the land of lull and
dale, of snow-capped mountains and wide-spread
fertile valleys, interspersed with lakes and streams
as pure as the fountains of eternal ice fiom which
'Since delivering this speech, an amendment has been
added to the bill directing notice to be etven ot the termina-
tion of the treaty ; which of course annuls it by the legiti-
mate means provided in the treaty v
