172  
28th Cong 2d Sess.
APPENDIX fO TttB CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
Jan. 1845.
Oregon Bill—Mr. Thompson.
ed, with this provision for its ' termination—that
either party should have the privilege, whenever it
was deemed fit so to do, at any time after 20th Oc-
tober, 1828, to annul and abrogate said convention
by giving due notive of twelve months to the other
contracting party.
Here is our bond; and on this article hang the
whole law and the prophets; and in order to a cor-
rect and thorough understanding of its true intent,
purpose and meaning, it is necessary for us to take a
brief review of the situation of the contracting par-
ties in the year 1818.
At that time the United States were in possession
of no claim to this northwestern territory, but in
virtue of the discovery and exploration of our own
enterprising navigators, Gray and Ingraham, and
of the title we derived from the French government
by the treaty of cession of 1803, by which we ac-
quired the L<#tisiana territory.
And I am free to admit, that our title, so far as it
was derived from the French, did not extend beyond
49 degrees.
[Mr. Adams here interposed, and inquired of Mr.
T. where he found any French title at all to that
countryj
Mr. T. replied. By the treaty of Utrecht, con-
cluded between Great Britain and France in 1713,
"Hudson's Bay, and all the lands,&c. thereunto ap-
pertaining," were restored to Great Britain, and com-
missioners were appointed to agrse upon and mark
out a line between the possessions of the two govern-
ments; who, upon examination, adopted the 49th
degree of north latitude. By the treaty of 17G3,
concluded at Paris, between Great Britain, France,
and Spain, the French possessions on the St. Law-
rence, and all the country laying east of the Missis-
sippi, were ceded to Great Britain; and all the coun-
try west of the Mississippi river, up to the 49th
degree, was irrevocably relinquished by England to
France, and thus the French claim to all that vast
tract of country was good against England.
[Mr. Adams again inquired whether Mr. T. was
to show any claim ever made by France of any
territory whatever on the south seas.]
Mr. T. said, I do not believe that she ever had
claimed as against Spain. But in the old Virginia
grant from the crown of England, its western
boundary was extended to the south seas. So in
the grant to the lords proprietors of North Caro-
lina; and the same is true in the Georgia grant. Af-
ter the acknowledgment of our independence in the
treaty of 1783, by the eifect of the treaty of 1763,
the Mississippi river was admitted by these States,
and by the United States, to be the limit of their
several grants. France wa^ the discoverer of the
Mississippi river; and it is a well-settled principle
among civilized nations, that when a nation has
discovered a new country by its coast, or by one of
its great rivers, its boundaries are held to be con-
tinued from that coast or river until they reached to
some natural object creating for them a natural ter-
mination. The bouuds of the French claim, accord-
ing to this principle, would extend till they reached
the ocean. And, as England had claimed to the
south seets, and had afterwards relinquished that
claim to France, and as we, by the Louisiana treaty,
became possessed of the French title, it surely was
not for that government to dispute its rightfulness
and validity. But again: I am somewhat surprised
that such a question should proceed from the gen-
tleman from Massachusetts. For, if we derived no
elaim whatever from France, what shall we say of
the frankness and disingenuousness of our negotia-
tors, who, acting under his direction, relied upon this
cession of 1803, as one of the grounds of our title to
the territory of Or-egon? But I again repeat, ihat
this claim, so far as it is derived from France, did not
extend beyond 49 degrees north.
[Mr. Adams again interposed, and said that the
Florida treaty had given us the Spanish title; and
on that our claim was founded.]
Mr. T. responded. That was very true; but I
am speaking of our title as it existed in 1818, when
we had not yet acquired the Spanish claim. The
Florida treaty was not concluded till 1819, near
twelve months subsequent to the treaty of 1818.
[Mr. Adams said that our claim previous to that
rested on the discovery of Capt. Gray, and the resi-
due depended entirely on the Florida treaty ]
Mr. T, proceeded to observe, that before we had
obtained any title from Spain, we had proposed to
agree to the 49th degree of latitude. The gentleman
said we had no claim under France, but rested till
then- on the sole ground of discovery by Captain
Gray. Now, if our title rested on discovery, it must
H. of Reps.
have extended beyond latitude 49; for Grrdy's dis-
covery of the mouth of the river entitled us to the
whole territory watered by it; and its tributary
streams and the head waters of the Columbia river
rise north of 49 degrees. I insist upon it, then, that
in the year 1818, our claim, independent of our title
by discovery, was a good and valid one as against
England. In September, 1788, Gray from Boston,
entered the port at Nootka sound, and in 1792 he
discovered and explored to some considerable dis-
tance the river which still bears the name of his
noble vessel, the Columbia. ■ In 1803, Congress au-
thorized the expedition which was undertaken and
performed by Lewis and Clark, who explored the
Columbia river from its sources to its entrance into
the sea. In 1811, John Jacob Astor, of New York,
established a factory near the mouth of the Colum-
bia, and a fort was erected there by our citizens,
called Astoria. In 1813, during the last war, this
place fell into the hands of the British. In pursu-
ance of the first article "of the treaty of Ghent, in
which it was stipulated that "all territory, places,
and possessions whatsoever, taken by either party
from the other during the war," was to be delivered
up; Astoria was restored to the United States on
6th October, 1818; and at that time, "Lord Castle-
reagh admitted in the most ample extent our right
to be reinstated, and to be the party in possession,
while treating of the title."
From this condensed recapitulation of the facts,
we can easily comprehend the relative position* of
parties when the extraordinary convention of 1818,
agreeing to a joint occupancy, was entered into by
the high contracting parties. By the French cession
of 1803, we had acquired the irrevocable relinquish-
ment of England to all her claims to territory west
of the3 Mississippi river. By our discovery and
settlements at the mouth of the Columbia, that gov-
ernment did not gainsay, but on the contrary, in the
most ample extent, acknowledged, not only our pos-
session,but our riglitofpossession. This was the con-
dition of our relations, when our ministers pro-
posed the 49th degree of north latitude as our north-
ern boundary line. This proposition was rejected,
and then withdrawn.
But when we take a retrospective view of the
settlements of the great valley of the Mississippi as
they then stood, we ought not to be surprised at the
stipulations finally agreed upon. Louisiana had but
one representative, Mississippi had just been ad-
mitted into the Union and had but one representative,
Tennessee three, Ohio two, Indiana one, Kentucky
eight, and all the country west of the great father
of waters, with few exceptions, was one vast unbro-
ken wildernesss. The application of steam as the
propelling power of boats was almost unwholly un-
known, and it required six months to make a trip
from the up-country to the city of New Orleans.
Settlements in Oregon seemed to be an impossibility;
and the only interest our people could be supposed
to have in this far-distant territory, could be one of
which we might, at some future day, then very re-
mote, avail ourselves. Our possession being ac-
knowledged, our title not being impaired, our com-
mercial advantages secured, this government, was
content with allowing the same commercial facilities
to the subjects of Great Britain. This was evident-
ly the meaning and purpose of the treaty of 1818,
and nothing more.
By the treaty of 1819 with Spain, known as the
Florida treaty, we acquired the title of that govern-
ment to the northwestern teiritory north of 42 de-
grees of north latitude; and as early as 1790, Count,
de Fernan Nunez, the Spanish ambassador at Paris,
made this statement to the Secretary of the Foreign
Department of France:
"That by the treaties, demarcations, takings of posses-
sion, and the most decided acts of so\ eroignty exercmvl Vy
the Spaniards on these stations, iron the rei^n of Charles II,
and authorized by that monarch in !<■>'>2 " ' ' *
all the coast to the north of the western America, on the
side of the South sea, as far as beyond what is colled Prince
William's sound, which if in the 61st decree, is tnknoivl-
edged to belong exclusively to Spain
Now, whatever pretensions to title to Oregon may
have been .set up by the United States and Great Brit-
ain in 1818, it by no means follows that Spain did not,
at that time, possess a title paramount to either or
both. But in 1819, the Spanish right and claim
of exclusive sovereignty were transferred to this
government. In 1818, we had agreed to a
joint occupancy; in 1819, we acquired from a third
party a title to exclusive, sovereignty, and conse-
quently a right to exclusive possession, unless that
possession at the time had upon it some incum-
brance. After that date? our first conflict was with
the Russian government; and in April, 1824, in a
convention between the United States and Russia,
signed at St. Petersburg, it was agreed that no set-
tlement should be made in the Northwest Territory,
by citizens of the United States, north of 54 degrees
and 40 minutes of north latitude; and no establish-
ment was to be made by subjects of Russia, or by
her authority, south of the same* parallel. Tins
was our position when we entered upon the nego-
tiation of 1896 with Great Britain. We claimed
the country between the parallels of 42 degrees and
54 degrees and 40 minutes north latitude, by dis-
covery and occupancy, in deference to which Eng-
land had acknowledged the United States to be m
possession; by the French cession of 1803, which
embraced, by the express acknowledgment of the
same government, all the territory west of thelMis-
sissippi river and south of the 49th degree of lati-
tude; by the Spanish cession of 1819, which gave
us the undoubted right of the first discoverers and
first occupiers of this beautiful country. With all
these muniments of title and right, T am astonished
(as far as any arrogance, presumption, and pertina-
city in the English diplomacy can astonish me) at
the persistance of that government in rejecting our
proposition, then again renewed, of the 49th parallel
as the northern boundary of our territory. And
when such an unreasonable and presuming spirit
was evinced, 1 am still more astonished at the tame-
ness of the administration of 1827 in submitting to
a concession for the indefinite continuance of the
ioint occupancy agreed upon in 1818. But it is use-
less to deprecate that submission: the deed was
done. And it may be useful, for a proper under-
standing of our present position, to examine the
grounds assumed by England for claiming of our
government this concession of privilege.
In the documents accompanying President Ad-
ams's message to Congress of December 12, 1827,
we " find the argument of Messrs. Huskisson and
Addmgton on this subject, m which the claims of
both parties are definitively stated, andthe grounds on
which they are based ably considered. They say:
"Over a largo portion of that territory, namely from the
42<] degree to the 49th degree of north latitude, the United
States claim full and exclusn e sovereignty."
"Great Biitain <£aims 110 exclubiie xovcreignty over uhi/
portion of that tmitory. Her present claim, not in respect
to any pax t, but to the whole, i<3 limited to a right of joint
occupancy, in common with other States, leaving the right
of exclusive dominion in abcyancc."
This was written after our minister (Mr. Galla-
tin) had signified his willingness to be content with
the 49th parallel oflatitude. Now, Mr. Chairman,
I deny that the right of sovereignty can be "in
abeyance." It must exist somewhere. It is either
in the United States or in Great Britain, or in both
conjointly; but it must exist, and it must be vested
in some one. We may be joint occupants; we
may restrict ourselves in the exercise of our rights;
but as long as there is a party in existence in
which title can vest, it lives and is vested. Then, 1
assume; that as Great Britain did not claim any
right of exclusive sovereignty, and as the United
Slates did, as between the two contesting parties
the sovereignty was in the United States. Eng-
land at that time, and I believe up to this day, con-
cedes the actual possession of the country to this
government. This being our position, what fur-
ther does Great Britain claim. In this same state-
ment of Messrs. Huskisson and Addington, we find
it stated thus:
"Such being the result of the recent negotiation, it only
remains for Great Britain to maintain and uphold the tjunh-
fitil rights which she now possesses over the whole of tin1
territory in question. These rights are recorded an.l de-
fined in the convention ot Nootka. They embrace the tight
to navigate the waters of those countries; the right to settU
in and over any part of them; and the right freely to trade
with the inhabitants and occupiers of the same."
Thus it appears that England has abandoned all
claim to this territory, derived from discovery and
occupation, and fallen back upon the privileges
which she acquired, under a treaty extorted from
poor enfeebled Spain, in the year 1790, by what
Lord Porchester called "unprovoked bullying," and
founded, not in right but in power."
The facts which gave rise to this Nootka treaty
between Great Britain and Spain are as follows:
Don Esteban Martinez, a Spanish navigator, in 1789
was ordered by the Viceroy of Mexico to take pos-
session of Nootka sound. He did so; and while
there seized an English vessel which came into that
port. The information of this seizure was first com-
municated to the court at London by the Spanish
minister, who avowed a willingness' on the part of
his government to make just and proper- reparation.
