174
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBfi.
lata. 1848.
28th Cong 2d Sess.
Oregon Bill—Mr. Duncan.
H. of Jtejw.
had revolutionized His government, overthrown her
constitution, and concentrated all power in his
hands. To submit to his authority was base degen-
eracy, and to protest, to resist, to take up arms, and
appeal to the God of battles, sooner than submit,
was the duty of every patriot and lover of liberty.
The brave Texians did this; and in so doing, right
and honor and justice were on their fide. At the
battle of San Jacinto, when both armies stood m
opposing ranks in martial array, on one side was
right, and on the other was wrong; and in the con-
templation o the result,. every upright and
well-balanced mind finds cause for exultation.
Liberty, religious toleration, equal rights, and
free 'institutions triumphed over oppression,
bigotry, despotism, and cruelty. From that day
Texas has been free, sovereign, and independent,
and her right and her capacity to maintain herself
in the interesting attitude she has assumed, have
long since been acknowledged by the principal civil-
ized nations of the earth. Now, if the incorpora-
tion of that country with ours, drawn together by
mutuality of interests, sympathies, and endear-
ments, shall be resisted by Mexico, and an appeal is
made to aims, the last resort of nations, so let it be;
Mexico will be in the wrong, and Heaven will chas-
tise and lebuke her impudence and her wickedness,
in the passage of this bill, Great Britain may take
exceptions to our legislation. She may make it an
occasion of quarrel. Her never-ceasing jealousy
and envy at our rapid strides to wealth, greatness,
and power, may prompt her to pick a difficulty with
us—to run after a pretext for a collision, if this be
true, we should by no means stand out of the way.
The sooner she is satisfied, the better foi us. I have
always admired that sentiment of the venerable
Jackson, in his first inaugural address—when his po-
litical adversaries had filled the air with predictions,
that, if elected President, he would be certain to in-
volve the country in war—that his foreign policy
would be based on the single principle uto ask noth-
ing but what was right, and submit to nothing that
was wiong." I am slow to believe that any nation,
at this age, will voluntarily place herself in the
wrong, and in that attitude throw down the glove of
defiance. But if, in this case, by our assertion of
rights unquestionably Appertaining to us, by our
extension to American citizens that protection
which is their bnth-right, without any infraction of
the privileges of others, hostilities ensue, and the
huge engines of death and destruction are brought
out to do their awful work, for one, I am prepared;
my constituents stand ready with a firmness of
nerve and a gallantry and cheerfulness of spirit
which fannot be surpassed, to meet the shock and
drive from the field the workers of iniquity. If
such be die issue, let it come; meager though our
prepaKtU'jiis may be, small our navy, and our sol-
diers lew, yet we must and will tiiumph, for the
God of truth will be with us.
•'What stronger breast-plate than a heat untainted?
Thrice is he aimed,that haih his quairel juht;
And he but naked, though locked up in steel,
Whose conscience with injustice is corrupted/'
But gentlemen say, let us insert in this bill a re-
quest to the President of the United to give to Eng-
land the notice according to the stipulations of 1827,
that after twelve months, our convention of joint
occupancy is annulled and abrogated. To the in-
sertion of this notice in this bill I object, because it
is incongruous with it. The act authorizing a ter-
ritory is demanded by the present wants of our peo-
ple, and it can be passed in perfect consonance with
existing conventions between the United States and
Great Britain. No one has yet, nor at any time
will there be found any honorable member on this
llooi who wiii dispute that proposition. Our request
of the President to give the notice is a mere expres-
sion of opinion of the propriety of an act which de-
pends upon his discretion to do. The notice is an
executive act, and this House is not the constitu-
ai adviser of the executive; and the existing relations
between the President of the United States and the
majority of this branch of Congress, will not justi-
fy us in obtruding our advice upon him uninvited
and unbidden. But should a majority consider it
advisable to request the President to give tins notice,
propriety and a fitness of things seem to demand
their separation.
I object to the clause requiring notice, because it
implies a want of confidence on the part of the legis-
lature in their power at present to pass the bill.
We now hold the country of Oregon in joint occu-
pancy with Great Britain. We propose to extend
our own laws over our own citizens without re-
stricting British subjects in any rights they may
possess. But simultaneous with the exten-
sion of our laws, which are intended for the
benefit of our people,: and in the same bill, and
that, too, while negotiations are pending and unde-
termined, we say, in effect, we claim the exclusive
sovereignty over the territory reaching as far north
as 54 degrees and 40 minutes north latitude, and af-
ter twelve months we intend to exert an exclusive
jurisdiction. This bears the semblance of gascon-
ade, and, if adopted, I fear will put an end to nego-
tiation. This is not the proper spirit to be man-
ifested, and it is wholly unbecoming the dignity of
this body. If this ground is broadly assumed, we
must prepare to maintain it, even at the point of
bayonet, or lose our own self-respect. And prepa-
rations to inforce our laws to the entire exclusion of
any rights claimed by British subjects, necessarily
gives an excuse to the opposing party to make
preparations to resist their enforcement. Pass this
biil with a notice inserted, and negotiation must
cease, because we decide the whole case by our le-
gislation. We take possession r.ow, and say in
twelve months we intend to unfurl our glorious
standard over every foot of land in dispute; and by
virtue of right, and the strength of our own good
arm, we will expel the English flag from the coun-
try. This appears to me rashness, inconsiderate
and hot-headed rashness; justified only on the
ground that we desire a pass at arms with our old
enemy. I know this is not the purpose of those who
advocate this amendment, but I believe this will be
the interpretation which will be given to the passage
of the act thus amended; and such a construc-
tion will be plausible.
I object to this amendment, becausc this House
has called for the correspondence which we all
know has taken place between our Sccrctaiy of
State and the British minister, and that correspond-
ence has not yet been communicated to us. When
it comes, if it appear that England is invading the
setttement of this Oregon controversy, if she de-
lays determination for frivolous causes, I shall cheer-
fully vote it as my opinion that it is the duty of the
President to give the notice which determines the
joint occupancy. But till then, for my own part, I
hope this question will not bo pressed.
The gentleman from Massachusetts [Mr. Adams]
has said rightly that the time has come when this
vexatious controversy must be brought to an end.
Since 1818, an emphe'has sprung up m the valley of
the Mississippi. At that time, all that beautiful and
prolific region mustered from all the States but six*
teen repiesentatives; now we have eighty-five mem-
bers, each representing a constituency nearly twice
as large as the number then required to return a
member. Then we had not a single steamboat
navigating the Mississippi waters; now those float-
ing palaces number between six hundred and seven
hundred. Then the commerce which was carried
on in that country was but inconsiderable; now, in
addition to the many millions which pertain to the
internal trade, more than two-thirds of the foreign
exports of this great republic are grown and carried
out from that pioductive region. The enterprise of
our people has pushed forward our settlements to
the foot of the Rocky mountains. Texas is des-
tined to be ours. Providence shaped it for us, and
the people of both countries have so willed it.
Oregon is ours now; and, by prudence and firmness,
it will soon be open to American citizens alone.
England must see that ours is to be the ruling power
on this continent; and, by disputing dominion with
us in North x\merica, she but weakens her power
in the Old World. If she attempt to envhon us
on this continent, and thus check our onward
march, she will endanger her vast dominions
throughout the earth. Institutions like ours, with
their general and local legislatures, and capable of
indefinite extension, must prevail over the rotten,
unequal, and oppressive systems of England, should
folly rule the hour, and the deadly conflict come.
But with wisdom, moderation, and justice, on both
sides, as we now are, we must still further become
the greatest, most powerful, and wealthiest nations
of the earth. I hope, then, we shall pass tins bill,
and assert our rights; but at the same time let us do
it in such a manner as to pieserve the good under-
standing between both nations. But if war must
come, let us be careful to preserve the vantage
ground, as we now have it; and thus secure to our
government the enlightened sympathies and kind
\yishes of mankind,
SPEECH OF MR. DUNCAN,
OF OHIO.
In the House of Representatives, January 29, 1845—
On the bill to establish a territorial government in
Oregon.
The House having resolved itself into-a Commit-
tee of the Whole on the state of the Union, and ta-
ken up the above bill—
Mr. DUNCAN addressed the committee As fol~
lows:
Mr. Chairman: There is no national ahibitioii
greater than the ambition of acquiring territory.
There is no national measure which so universally
meets with the public approbation in all govern-
ments, at all times, as the acquisition of territory.
There is no policy which so much aggrandizes a
nation as the acquisition of territory, whether it be
acquired by conquest, by purchase, or by cession; nor
is there any policy under a good and a well-directed
government, which secures so much happiness, pros-
perity, Eind independence to the people. .The truth
of all this is to be found in the history of thfe civil-
ized and uncivilized world. The importance of the Ac-
quisition of territory, both in a national and individual
sense, is increased ten-fold when applied to a repub-
lican government, or a government of free institu-
tions and equal rights, boupled with the fact that
whatever acquisition of territory is made, becomes
the property of the people, and opens the way
for trie spread of free institutions and personal lib-
erty.
Every citizen of a free government looks upon
every acre of additional territory as an acquisition
to his present fortune, and as a future inhfcntance to
his posterity, as well a£ an additional guaranty to
the duration of the free principles of his government.
With these principles, to which I will have again
to refer, I will proceed to consider the bill before
us. This bill provides for creating a government in
the Territory of Oregon.
For the information of those who may read me,
(who may not have better opportunities,) I will
give briefly the geography and the history of Ore-
gon; and first, of the
Geography—Oregon is situated on the Pacific
ocean, between the parallels of" 42° and 54° 40'
of north latitude, bounded on the west by the
Pacific ocean, and on the east by the Rocky moun-
tains. It is drained by the river Columbia and its
tributary streams. The eastern portion of Oregon
is both hilly and mountainous. There are three
ranges of mountains, the Cascade, the Blue Ridge,
and the Rocky, running parallel with the coast of
the Pacific, gradually increasing in height as they
recede from the ocean. A great portion of the soil
between the first range of mountains and the coast
is said to be of superior quality, and friendly to the
production of most of our North American grains,
plants, and fruits. Most of those who have visited
the Oregon territory, unite in representing it as pos-
sessing many superior advantages in point of agri-
culture, trade, and commerce. I have room for but
a small portion of the evidence in support o(
these advantages; but I cannot forbear intro-
ducing the evidence of Lieutenant Wilkes of
the United States navy, a gentleman of command-
ing character for truth and veracity, as well as an ex-
perienced judge of that to which he bears evidence.
Lieutenant Wilkes speaks from personal observa-
tion. I have room for but a short extract of his
description, which he made, I say, from actual ob-
servation, while in the employ of the government.
He says:
•'Few portions of the world, in my opinion, are to be
found so rich m boil, jo deversified in suiface. or j.o capable
of b<-mg rendered the happy abode of an industiioiis and
civilized community. For beaut) of scenery and salu-
brity of climate, it is not surpassed, it is peculiarly
adapted l'ui an agricultural and pastoral people, and no
portion of the world beyond the tropics can be found that will
>ield so readily, with moderate laboi, to the wants of man.
All the productions of the States, except Indian corn, grow
luxuriantly,and produce abundantly. The experiment olrais*
mg mai'e by help of nngation had not been sufficient to de-
termine its pioductneness. Oranges,'lemons, citrons, pome-
gianates, and vegetables common to the warm climates, can
be cultivated hexe. The trial has been already made, and
found to be succe^ful. The cotton plant is said to flourish
will. The raising ot cattle and sheyp must become an ex-
ter.M\p and profitable business, s no labor is required to
storr th.'ir food or to furnish stables in winter."
Of the resources in trade, he says:
"The indigenous products of Oi-egon are immense. They
will fox a long; time afford the means of an extensive and
profitable trade with the islands and coasts ol the Pacific.
Timbei of all essential kinds, except waluut, and of the first
quality, is abundant, and can be easily obtained and pre*
pared for market.
