176
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
Jan. 184S,
•28th Cong.. ..2d Sess.
Oregon Bill—Mr. Duncan.
H. of Reps.
tion saiiedfor the purposes of exploration, which pro-
ceeded north as far as De Fuca's sound. Now 1
have to speak of another English title, which is
brandished at all our conventions for the settlement
of theOregon'question; that is, the title founded on
the discovery of Oapt. Cook. This is about as good
as the title founded upon Drake's discoveries, both
without force or value for any other purpose than to
brandish in a convention. I have stated the objects of
Cook's voyage, and the injunctions he was under to
proceed without delay to the 65th degree of north
latitude. I have also stated that he put in at port
San Lorenzo to take in refreshmeiits, and to supply
with wood and water. He, too, went through the
idle ceremony of taking possession in the name of
his master, and changed the name of the bay to that
of King George's sound; but he was near four years
too late; the Spaniards had four years the start of
him. All the navigators of which I have spoken,
and many more of which I have not time to speak,
passed along the Pacific coast from the Gulf of Cali-
fornia to the 65th degree of north latitude, without
discovering the mouth of the Columbia river, or
without knowing that the vast territory on the east
side of the Pacific was drained by any other river
than the Colorado, which has its outlet by the gulf
of that name, and has its source in the 42d degree of
north latitude.
1 present another title, which is also brandished
in our Oregon conventions; and that is the title de-
rived from the treaty of Nootka sound, (formerly port
San Lorenzo, or Fr.endly Cove;) by which treaty the
British claim the right of trading and fishing in and
upon the Pacific coasts; and, Oregon being apart of the
Pacific coasts, therefore they claim to have the same
right to fish, hunt,and trade now, that the Spaniards
had, and that we now have, which they say were
secured to them by that treaty. True, there was
a treaty called the Nootka treaty, and, owing to the
exhausted state of the Spanish treasury, Spain was
compelled to submit to some conditions which she,
under moie prosperous circumstances, would not
have done; but no more powers or privileges were
surrendered to England by that treaty than what
she before enjoyed; and, above all, no more surrender
of sovereignty was made of any possessions winch
Spain had acquired, except a small spot of ground,
and perhaps the remains of a shanty or hut, which
a British navigator by the name of Mears claimed
to have purchased of an Indian chief, but which the
chief and his whole tribe denied they ever told to
him.
To show the value of the Nootka treaty, I can do
nothing better than introduce a part of the debates
in the British Parliament on the subject. An ad-
dress was moved m the House of Commons to the
King, to congratulate him upon the advantages, &c.,
derived from the Nootka treaty in the following
words, viz:
"They (the House of Commons) are eager to embrace the
first opportuiutj ol ottering to Ins Majesty their coulwl
congratulations on so satisfaetoi-y an issue of the late ne-
gotiation, which has continued to these kingdoms the bless-
ings of poace, has maintained the honor of his Majesty's
Crown, 'oy providing an adequate xeparation lot the vio-
lence which was committed at Nootka, and has secured to
his Majesty's subjects the exercise of their navigation,
commerce and tisnenes m, those parts of the world which
were the subjects of discussion.''
Mr. Fox opposed this address, as seen by the
following exlictcts of his speech:
"In the early part of the debate, we heart! nothing but
rhodomontadc about acquisition; nothing but of now
.sources oi trade; new objects of enterpribe; new oceans,
aird new continents opened to the activity ol our merchants,
and the courage of our 5-a.ilorb. Such liowers of rhetoric
were elegant embellishments;, equally convenient to give
force to argument, or to conceal the •want of it But was it
true that \\ c bad opened any of those fcouices, or made a
Mn 'lo acijuuotion? An honoiuHcgentleman who spoke im-
meuiatply bofoie lum had put the question upon its hue
grounds.
"UttUae;' caught the contagion of the speakers who pie-
ceded lum on the same side, he had talked of gaming and
acuuiJincnbut, in the progress of hisaigument, he had veiy
properly stated that we had acquired nothing, but only ob-
tained security for what we possessed pefore.
"What then -was the extent of our rights before the con-
vention,and to' what extent were they now secured to us?
We pressed and exercised the free navigation ol the
Pacific ocean, without restraint or limitation We possessed
and excised the right of carrying on fisheries in the
South seis, equally unlimited This estate vu had, and
■were daily impioving: it was not to be disgraced
bv the name of an acquisition The admission ol part of
those rr-hts bv Ppnin wns all we had obtained It remained
to inquire w hat it ha-d co*t. Our right before was to seUie
m any part of South or Northwest America not fortified
aaamst us by previous occupancy, and we aie now restrict-
ed to *etde in certain places onl>, and under ceitain restric-
tions. This was an important concession on our pait. Our
right of irdune extruded to the whole ocean; and now it,
too, was limited, and to be earned on within certain dis-
tances of the Spanish settlements. Our right of making
settlements was not, as now, a right to build huts, but to
plant colonies, if we thought proper. Surely these were
not acquisitions,"
With reference to the indefinite limits of Spanish
America, Mr. Fox says:
"On this point, %ve have gained nothing. "Wo have re-
nounced the right of permanent settlement on the whole ex-
tent of South America, and where the admitted right of set-
tlement on the northwest coast commenced was completely
undefined: it was ss&d. at Nootka, but we did not know that
Nootka would be restore^.
"By the third article, we are authorized to navigate the
Pacific ocean and South seas, unmolested, for the pur-
pose of carrying on our fisheries, and to land on the unset-
tled coasts for the purpose of trading with the natives; hut,
after this pompous recognition of right to navigation, fish-
ing, and commence, comes another article, which takes
away all right of landing and erecting even temporary huts
for any purpose but that of carrying on the fishing, and
amounts to a complete dereliction of all lights to settle in
any way for the purpose of commerce with th^ natives, hi
renouncing all right to make settlements in South America,
we had given to Spain what she considered inestimable, and
had in return been contented With drOss."
That treaty was brought about by the capture of
two British vessels at Nootka sound, by the Span-
ish Admiral Martinez, owing to the exercise of
rights and privileges by the British navigators,
which Spam contended were exclusively hers.
These captures were regarded as a degrading insult
to his Britannic majesty and the British flag. War
and desolation were threated to Spain. The insult
to the pretended mistress of the ocean was of such a
character as scarcely to admit of negotiation. Ne-
gotiation was, however, submitted to, and lofty as
the pretentions and claims of Great Britian were,
we see to what they were dwindled. England tost
much, and Spain gained much, by the negotiation.
The whole affair was inglorious to England, but
honorable and advantageous to Spain. England
lost much, and Spain gained much. What title did
England gain to soil or dominion on the Pacific
coast by this tieaty? Is it contended that she gained
a temporary right to occupy it for the purposes of
fishing, hunting, and trading with the natives in
places not occupied by the Spanish? If so, those
rights which were only acquired by treaty were lia-
ble to be terminated by treaty, or by war, which
terminates all treaties; and (hey were bo terminated,
and were never renewed. Pour years after-the trea-
ty, a war broke out between Spain and England,
which put an end to that treaty, and all others exist-
ing between them, with all their conditions. Such
is the character of the British title to Oregon, sccurcd
by the Nootka treaty, good for no other purpose
but to brandish in a convention. Mears and Van-
couver were British navigators, but made no discov-
'eries on the Pacific coast, within the limits of 42
and 55 degrees of north latitude, which were not
made before.
V ancouver was the latest of the two, and figured
on the Pacific in 17D2. Of this navigator 1 will
have occasion to bpeak. lie was un honest man,
and will be useful to us in the support of our claim
to Oregon. Of Mears I will not speak. Me was a
vain man, who looked more to a proud name and a
lofty character, than either to the truth or useful
discoveries.
I now comc to speak of American discoveries and
of American titles to the Territory of Oregon. Per-
mit me to refer to that principle of national law
which I before presented, that secures to the first
discoverer of the mouth of a river the territory which
it drains.
In the latter years of which I have been speak-
ing, American enterprise found its way into the
Pacific; and although not stimulated by the lofty
hopes of founding empires, planting colonies, and
discovering northwest passages to couple the West-
ern and Indian oceans, yet were successful in gain-
ing objects far more valuable than were attained by
those who were more ambitious. In the year 1787
the Columbia was fitted out by some enterprising
citizens of Boston for a Pacific expedition. The
command of the Columbia was given to Captain
Giay, a native of the United States, and a citizen of
Boston. Captain Gray, while coasting on the Pa-
cific, convinced himself that the northwestern conti-
nent was drained by a large river, the mouth of
which he discovered in therlorth parallel of 46| de-
grees. Although he at first was unable to enter the
river, owing to the tempestuous weather and the
breakers near the mouth of the nver, occa-
sioned by the Pacific winds and the force
of the current of the river, yet he as-
sured himself, by actual obseivation, that theic
was a river, and so assured Vancouver, whom he
soon after met. Vancouver deriffed that there was
such a river in the latitude, and as described by
Gray; because he himself had navigated the Pacific
coast from 54] degrees southward, and had kept
in sight of the land the whole course with a view to
the discovery of bays, inlets and rivers, and that
when, at night, he was obliged to put to t sea, he
always returned to the same place in the morning,
and within full sight of the coast. Mears had
made the same statement, and had used the same
caution, and with the same effect. Captain Gray
renewed his effort to enter the river in question; and
on the 11th day of May, 1792, again returned to it,
and succeeded in entering its mouth, sailed up it
some distance, where he remained for ^several days
trading with the natives. Captain Gray gave names
to every thing worth naming about the mouth of
the river, by which names they are known to this
day, and always will be. The noble river he called
Columbia, after the ship which bore him into It.
Captain Gray was the first white man that ever
saw or enterered the Columbia river: this no man
will deny, who has a reputation for truth and vera-
city; we know it by the report of Captain Gray; all
Ch nstendom knew it at the time, arid no ape has ev.er
seriously attempted to strip Captain Gray of thfe
honor and glory of his discovery, until, in some of
our late conventions for the negotiation of Oregon,
the British ministers had brandished a title to the
use and occupancy of Oregon, founded upon the dis-
covery of the Columbia river by Vancouver. How
ungenerous, how unjust! Hear what Vancouver
says himself of Gray's discoveries. He says that
in Apnl, 1792, he observed a sail, which soon
hoisted American colors, and fired a gun to
leeward; she proved to be the ship Columbia,
commanded by Capt. Gray, a citizcn of Boston,
from which she had been absent nineteen months.
Vancouver sent a boat to the Columbia. Capt.
Gray informed the officer who visited him that he
had visited the inlet which De Fuca had discovered;
that he had sailed fifty miles into that inlet. He
likewise informed them that "he had been off the
mouth of a river in latitude 46 degrees 10 minutes,
where the outset or reflux was so strong as to pre-
vent his entering for nine days." Vancouver adds:
"This was probably the opening passed by us on
the forenoon of the 27th, and was apparently inac-
cessible—not from the current, but from the break-
ers that extended across it." Vancouver subse-
quently admits that Gray discovered the Columbia.
Ho says, after leaving Nootka, the weather being
fine, on his way south he was encouraged to re-
examine New Albian, (Pacific coast,) and particu-
larly a river and a harbor discovered by Mr. Gray
in the Columbia, between the 46th and 47th degrees
of north latitude. In this we have an open and can-
did acknowledgment, by an officer of the English
navy, that Capt. Gray, of the ship Columbia, was
the discoverer of the Columbia river; and yet with
this historical information in the possession of the
British ministry, they will brandish a title to the
Oregon Territory, founded upon the discovery of
Vancouver, who informs them that Gray was the
discoverer! _
Then, sir, Oregon is ours by discovery. The
laws of nations secure the right, and we are able to
maintain the possession. It is ours to the full ex-
tent of the boundaries defined in this bill. We dis-
covered the river Columbia, and that river drains
the entire territory which this bill describes; for a
fundamental principle of national law secures to the
discoverer of a river in a desert land all the country
it drains.
But, sir, if additional title be necessary, we have
it. We have a title by purchase. 1 have briefly
traced up the Spanish discoveries of the Pacific
coast, and have shown what the whole history of
the matter shows—that is, if any nation on earth
had a higher claim to the whole line of the Pacific,
to the Russian dominions, than the Americans, it
was the Spaniards; and we purchased all the right,
title, and interest, which Spain and France pos-
sessed, from the 42d degree of north latitude as
far north on the Pacific as the Russian boundaries.
These purchases were called " the Florida and the
Louisiana purchases." The boundaries of all the
possessions of France and Spain in North America
were fixed and settled before these purchases were
made, by conventions and treaties between Spain
and Gieat Britain, France and Great Britain,
France and Spain, Spain and the United States, ana
Fiance and the United States; and, in conformity
with those settlements, the purchases of Louisiana
and Florida were made, and the boundaries fixed
