Jan. 1845,
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
177
28th Cong 2d Sess.
Oregon Bill—Mr. Duncan.
H. of Reps.
and secured to the United States, and by which the
United States acquired all title, I repeat, to whatever
Spain or France, or either of them, possessed, either
by purchase, exchange, or discovery, to any and
all the country embraced within the Oregon Terri-
tory. Once for all, we own by purchase whatever
Spain owned of Oregon. Spain's right, by dis-
covery, was superior to that of Great Britain, and
our title is superior to both, and indisputable.
Did we take possession of and occupy Oregon
within the time prescribed by the laws of nations?
In May, 1793, Gray entered the Columbia river.
In 180:2, Thomas Jefferson called the attention of
the American Congress to the exploration of the
Oregon Territory, and appropriations were made
for the purpose; and in 1803, an expedition was
ordered, under the direction of Lewis and Clark.
The plan was to ascend the Missouri river, from
its mouth to its source in the Rocky mountains;
cross the mountains, and descend the Columbia
river, from its main source to the Pacific ocean.
All this was accomplished with unexampled diffi-
culty and danger. The expedition quartered near
the mouth of the Columbia river during the winter.
During their stay they traded with the natives; and
at thejr departure they gave certificates of- their
visit and of their exploration, stating that they were
sent out by their government, the government to
which they belonged, and such other statements as
were necessary to convicc all others who might
come after them of the object of the expedition.
They also placed a paper on the inner wall of their
temporary fort, with the following inscription, viz:
"The object of this last is,that through the medium of some
civilized person, who may see the same, it may be made
known to the world that the party, consisting of the per-
* jus whose names are hereunto annexed, and who were sent
out by the government of the United States to explore the in-
terior of the continent of Xoith America, did penetiate the
same tn tho way of the .Missouri and Columbia rivers, to
the uischdrge of the latter into the Pacifuc ocean, where
they ariivea on the 14 rh day of November, 1S05, and de-
parted on the 23d day of March, 1803, on their return to the
United States, on the same route by which they had come
out.''
Then, sir, we discovered Oregon in May, 1792;
wc explorod and occupied it in ISOo-'G.
In 1808, there was an association formed at St.
Louis, headed by a man by the name of Manuel
Lisa, (a Spaniard,) called the Missouri Fur Compa-
ny. Tins company established some trading posts
on the Upper Missouri, and one on the head wa-
ters of the Columbia, one of the main branches of the
Columbia, called Lewis's river, and which is also
called the southern branch of the Columbia; but the
hostility- of the Indians, and the great difficulty
of procuring provisions, compelled the company to
abandon that pose.
In 1810, John Jacob Astor, a distinguished and
•wealthy citizen of New Yoik, formed an associa-
tion for the purposes of trade and commerce with-
in, to, and from the Territory of Oregon. All the
necessary preparations were made for an extensive
and successful business. His company, officers
and agents were sent to, and landed in, Oregon, near
the mouth of the Columbia river. A number of
posts were established, and temporary fortifications
erectcd, and all m a fair way to be successful. The
principal past waf located near the mouth of the
Columbia river, add was called Astoria. The as-
sociation continued its pursuits for two years and a
half—that is, from March, 1811, until October, 1813;
at which time the association was broken up, and
all the* materials and stock of furs, &c., were sold
to the Northwest company, as was said, to prevent
them from failing cmto the hands of the British
cruisers which weie daily expected.
They were not disappointed in their apprehen-
sion; for in December following, the Raccoon, a Brit-
ish sloop-of-war, arrived at Astoria and took pos-
session: took down the American flag and hoisted
the English flag, and changed the name to that of
Fort George. And that was the first possession
that the British had of the Columbia river or any
part of Oregon which could conflict with our dis-
covery or possession; and that possession was but
bhort lived, for, after the establishment of peace, the
possession of Astoria, together with all our posses-
sions in Oregon, were restored to the United States
through our agent, J. B. Provost, as follows:
'_!In obedience to the commands of his Royal Highness the
Prinot.- lent, jn a despatch from the Right Hon-
orable the 10ail Ba^hunt, cuJdrt-<ted to the paitnerior
agent* of the Iswrt Invest Company, bearing date the 27th o I
January, lhi.3, ond in obedience to a iubsoquent order,
dated <5Qth of Jul), fiom W. H. Shernft, esq., captain of his
Majesty's ship Andromache, we, the undersigned, do, in
conformity to the first article oi the treaty of Ghent, restoie
112]
to!the government of the'United States, through its agent,
J. B. Provost, esq., the settlement of Fort George, on the
Columbia river.
"Given under our hands, in triplicate, at Fort George,
Columbia river, this 6th day of October, 1818.
"F.HICKEY,
"Captain of his Majesty's ship Blossom.
"J. KEITH,
"Agent of the Northwest Company."
This is the surrrendeiyand here is the acknowl-
edgment:
"1 do hereby acknowledge to have this day received,
in behalf of the government of the United States, the pos-
session of the settlement designated above, in conformity to
the first article of the treaty of Ghent.
"Given under my hand, in triplicate, at Fort George, Co-
lumbia river, this 6th day of October, 1818.
"J. B. PROVOST,
"Agent for the United States."
I say the British possession of Astonia was of
short life. Wc whipped them in the war, and the
first articles of negotiation of peace required Great
Britain to surrender all places which had been sur-
rendered or captured. Astoria was restored; when
the royal cross was taken down and the American
stars and stripes raised, and Astoria restored to its
name; that Astoria shall ever retain her name, and
that the American flag shall ever wave over her,
is the great object of this bill.
The British ministry claim title to Oregon by the
discovery of McKenzie, a British subject. Mo
Kenzie did explore a part of the Northwest Terri-
tory, but he never crossed the Rocky mountains.
He learned all he knew, as well of the name of Ore-
gon as of its history, from the Indians east of the
Rocky mountains. He neither explored nor occu-
pied Oregon, nor any part of it. The British min-
istry claim to have occupied Oregon by one of their
citizens named Thompson, who they say headed
a company of traders and trappers cotemporaneous-
ly with Astor's association. That is not so; and
the history and dates of their formation, and their
arrival in Oregon, defeat their claim. Thompson's
arrival and operations in Oregon were near a year
after Astor's. I have made no statement in relation
to the diseovery, possession, and occupancy of Ore-
gon, but what its history, as well British as Ameri-
can, will bear me out in.
I have stated that sundry conventions have been
held for the purpose (on our side) of settling the
question of right and possession of Oregon, but with-
out definite conclusion. Our discovery, claims, ex-
plorations, and possession have been set forth by ou
commissioners, and they have been met by the
sham titles which I have presented on the part of
Great Britain, and so far no definite conclusion has
been arrived at.
By th« third article of the convention of 1818 —
''It is agieed that any country that may be claimed by
either party on the northwest coast of America westward
of the Stony mountains, shall, together with its harbors,
bays, and ci eeks. and the navigation of all rivers within
the same, be free and open for the term of ten years fiom
the date of the signature of the pies.ent convention to the
vessels, citizens, and subjects of the two powers, it being
well understood that this agreement is not to be con-
strued to the prejudice of any claim which either of the two
high contractingparties may have to any part of the same
country "
In 1827 the American claims were again urged in
convention with ability and with positive evidence
of their validity; but the same titles were brandish-
ed by the British ministry, and no conclusion was
had. Propositions were -nade to divide Oregon;
that was, to divide the Territory by a line drawn
through the centre of the north branch of the Co-
lumbia river, from the 49th degree of north latitude
to the main river, and thence to the Pacific—Eng-
land to have all north of the Columbia, and Ameri-
ca to have all south of that line. To this proposi-
tion our ministers objected, and the negotiation was
broken off with no other conclusion than that it
was agreed by the first article that the same privi-
leges shall be continued which are secured in the
third article of the convention of 1818; and with a
condition that one year's notice should be given by
either party when it should be intended to put an
end to the treaty.
The negotiation has been going on for more than
a quarter of a century, and the people of the Uni-
ted States have become tired of it. They now want
action. They want possession and jurisdiction, and
they will have it. They want Oregon—the whole
of Oiegon, not a part of it: nothing but the whole
of Oregon will satisfy thrm. The question of the
immediate occupation was submitted to the people
in the las>t presidential election, and the democratic
candidates were sustained because they were pledged
to apply all their official powers to the immediate
occupation of Oregon. The whig orators said,
true, Oregon is ours, but we will get into a war with
Great Britain if we take possession of it now; we
must do a little more at negotiation. D—n negotia-
tion, the people shouted; give us Oregon, and we
will do the fighting. We have whipped England in
our infancy, we have whipped her in our boyhood,
and we can make short work of her now in our
manhood. Give us Oregon; extend your jurisdiction
over it; give us a government for our civil protection,
and we will defend the territory. That done, you
may negotiate till the day of judgment. Sir, there
was not a procession marched in the political cam-
paign, that had not, at the head of its column,'k ban-
ner inscribed "Polk, Dallas, Oregon, and Texas."
Other banners were exclusively dedicated to Oregon,
and their inscription was, "Jill of Oregon." Sir, we
will not permit Oregon to be divided. If our right
is good for one square foot, it is good for it all. If
England has just title to one square foot of Oregon,
she has title to it all. Either the British lion or the
American eagle must hold supreme and undivided
sway over Oregon; they can never both abide there.
If any better proof were wanting of the entire want
of title in England to Oregon, it is found in the fact
that she is willing to have it divided. If England
thought her title had one ounce of right in it, she
would spend millions of pounds before she would
consent to divide or share any part of Oregon. She
would be the last nation on earth to surrender an
acre of so valuable a do*ainto which she has just
title. There is an illustrious precedent contained in
the book of books, and history of histories, which
of itself condemns Great Britain. By her proposi-
tion to divide, she furnishes evidence of want of
title, which is most beautifully illustrated in the ju-
dicial decision of an illustrious king of Israel:
"Two women brought a child before the king; and the
one woman said: 'O my lord, I and this woman dwell in one
house, and I was delivered of a child with henn the same
house; and it came to pass, the third day after I was deliv-
ered, that this woman was delivered also; and we were to-
gether; there was no stranger with us in the house save we
two m the house. And this woman's child died in the nigm,
because she overlaid it. And she arose at midnight, and
took my son from beside me, while thine handmaid slept,
and laid it in her bosom, and laid her dead child in my
bosom. And when I arose m the morning to give jny child
suck, behold, it was dead: but when I had considered it in
the morning, behold, it was not my son which I did bear.'
And the other woman said, 'Nay, but the living is my son,
and the dead is thy son ' And this said, 'No, but the dead
is thy son, and the living is my son.' Thus they spake be-
fore the king. Then said the king: 'The one saith, This is
my son that liveth, and thy son is dead; and the other saith,
Nay, but thy son is dead, and my son is the living.' And
the king said, 'Bring me a sword.' And they brought a
sword before the king. And the king said, 'Divide the liv-
ing child in two, and give half to the one and half to the
other.' Then spake the woman whose the living child was
unto the king, (for her bowels yearned upon her son,) and
she said, 'O my loid, give her the living child, and in no
wise slay it' But the other said, 'f.et it ha neither mine
nor thine, but divide it.' Then the king answered and said,
'Give lier the living child, and m no wise slay it: she is the
mother thereof.'"
So we say, in the language of the true mother,
and in the language of the king of Israel, we will
not permit this child to be divided. If one half of
the child belonged to the Israelitish mother, the oth-
half belonged to her also. If one half of Oregon
belongs to us, I repeat, the other half belongs to us
also.
Having briefly discussed our right to Oregon, I
next proceed to the consideration of the policy of
its practical possession and jurisdiction. That we
should occupy and control Oregon, and that
it is our right to do so ultimately, few will be
found to deny. And why procrastinate? Why
permit the thief of time to gradually diminish
our title? We have already permitted ourselves
to be negotiated, until it is thought, on the
part of some, that our title is doubtful, or that
we fear the contest of its title. Now is the
time to possess ourselves of Oregon. Now is the
time when the American people have demanded that
the segis of our laws should be extended over it.
Shall we be told (as we have been in relation to
Louisiana and other Territories which we have pos-
sessed ourselves of) that Oregon is poor, barren,
steril, and mountainous, and not worth the blood it
will cost to own it? That argument will do for the
man who looks more to his own immediate interest
or peace than to the glory, honor and interest of
his country, in time present as well as to come.
Such an argument will do for the _ "peace
mon " who, when hereceives a smite on one side of the
face' will, in Christian piety, turn theother: butsuch
is not the American character, howeverimperious the
moral duty. We have evidence of the beauty and
