Jan. 1845.
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
179
28th Cong 2d Sess
Oregon Bill—Mr. Duncan.
H. of Reps,
netted with the possession and occupation of Ore-
gon. Tile nations of the civilized world are taunted
with tin: proud and haughty boast that the clashing
of British arms, the thunder of her cannon, and the
reveille of tier fife and drum, can be heard from one
post to another round the world; and although the
boast is as yet but a flourish of vanity, jier strides
to make it real are alarming. The united kingdoms
of Great Britain and Ireland, owing to their posi-
tion, make them a fortification on the frontier of
Europe. From these she sends forth her fleets,
each vessel of itself being a floating fortification,
commanding, as it moves, the entire extent of the
western coast. The impregnable fortress which she
holds at the strait of the Mediterranean, which
is the southern extremity of Europe, puts it
in her power to control the southern coasts of
both France and Italy, as well as the coast of Bar-
bary. On the eastern portion of the Mediterranean,
Malta and the Ionian islands give her the control
upon most of Egypt, the Grecian Archipelago,
Greece herself, and a great part of the Turkish em-
pire. In all those places, Great Britain can at a
blow demolish their cities and destroy their com-
merce. They hold all at her mercy and her will.
By her possession of Gibraltar, and the island of
St. Helena, the south and northwest of Africa are
at her control. ^ The Cape of Good Hope belongs
to her, by which she commands the extreme south
of Ainca, and has a controlling power over that
vast peninsula, at least its eastern coast, from Cape
Town to the Arabian Gulf. She has it in her power
to control the commerce of the vast Indian ocean
by her possession of the island of France, which
gives her almost unlimited control over the African
coast in that quarter. She has settlements and for-
tifications on both the coasts of Hindostan, which
give herinvincible power in that quarter, spanning as
she uocs^ the eastern world, and controlling,'if she
pleases, its destinies. She has not failed to extend
her possessions and her influences to the American
continent. Nova Scotia and Bermuda are hers.
By these she can operate upon the entire Atlantic
coast of North America.
She owns Trinidad, the contiguity of which to
South A.nerica, at the point where the Caribbean
sea washes the north coast of South America, and
unites with the Atlantic, makes it a point, and gives
her a power, that enables her to control the destinies
of Columbia, the Dutch and the French posses-
sions on the, continent, as well as the emoire of
CraziL These advantageous stations give her,
at all times, the means and the power of concen-
trating her forces, and striking with a thousand
arms, where and whenever she may think proper.
She can control, check, or strike down, the whole
commerce of the South Atlantic and Indian oceans.
She at this time holds the vast island of New Hol-
land and \ an Dieman's Land; and she is now pos-
sessed of the na\a! empire of the South Pacific.
The Burmese empiie shakes before her arms. She
has now possession of the Faulkland islands, which
constitute the gate to the Pacific ocean around Gape
Horn. She has lately attempted to direct and con-
trol the commerce of China, and, to a partial ex-
tent, has succeeded. She is now trying to com-
mand the naval empire of the North Pacific, with a
view to monopolize the trade on that ocean, of
China, Constantinople, and of all India, through
that medium. Great Britain is at this time en-
gaged in cutting a ship canal round the rapids
of the 11. Lawrence. She is also engaged in
cutting a ship canal round the falls of Niag-
ara. When these works are completed, she has
a ship navigation from the mouth of the St.
Lawrence to the southern extremity of Lake M ch-
igan, as well as the entire extent of our northern
boundaries. So far as our commerce and our com-
mercial privileges are concerned, we are at the
mercy of British generosity, and must hold our
privileges by treaty. Three-fourths of our entire
coasts and frontiers are under the control of
British power, owing to the superiosity of her navy.
If we should surrender Oregon, and fail to make
Texas a part of our Ijnion—if Great Britain should
by any means, obtain the control, political, or
commercial, of Texas—we will be circumnavigated
by British power. At present we may be said to be
m a prison, with three walls. If we neglect the an-
nexation of Texas, and surrender Oregon, we may
be in a prison of four walls, without even a com-
mercial gate. The positions of all others, we have
reason to dread, are the positions and facilities
which Great Britain is acquiring over our northern
boundaries and lake coasts, by the car-sis she is
cutting around the rapids of the St. Lawrence and
the falls of the Niagra. These, wheft completed,
will enable her to throw any amount of military
and naval force upon the whole line of our northern
frontier, and even to penetrate our interior as far as
the southern extreme of Lake Michigan, and all in
as short a time as wind and steam can propel them.
Sir, these things should arouse every American to
contemplate with fearful apprehension at least the
precarious tenure by which we hold our commer-
cial privileges, if not our boasted and proud inde-
pendence. Great Britain is aware of the advan-
tages which her numerous and commanding positiops
and the strength of her navy give her, as well as
the fact that she does, or has it in her power to
control three-fourths of our coasts and boundaries.
Hence it is that she has exerted her cunning to
negotiate us out of the use of our rivers, bays, har-
bors, and timber on the coast of Oregon, and finally,
to usurp Oregon itself. This, sir, we must never
surrender; for the nation that possessess Oregon
will not only control the navigation of the Pacific,
the trade of the Pacific and Sandwich Islands, but
the trade of China itself on the Pacific. The Brit-
ish lion must never be permitted to growl in Oregon;
the flag of St. George must never again be permit-
ted to be unfurled over Oregon soil.
Sir, there is no American that will contemplate
the power of the British navy, the control that it
gives her over the commerce of the world in peace,
and the almost omnipotence it gives her in war,
that will not feel that that arm of our national de-
fence is most disgracefully neglected. So long as
we are a commercial people, we must have a navy;
and just in proportion to the strength and power of
our navy, so will our commercial character be re-
spected. The rights and privileges of our com-
merce should, at all times, be under our own con-
trol. We should be incapable of submitting to any-
thing that is wrong; we should be able to command
what is right. These are maxims with us, and we
should be, at all times, able to maintain them in re-
lation to our foreign trade and commerce. These
maxims must be maintained with a navy. Maxims,
without the power to maintain them, are but vain
and empty boasts, whether applied to individuals or
nations.
We4lost one opportunity of establishing a pow-
erful navy. ¥e were possessed of a federal fund
of twenty-eight millions of surplus revenue; in place
of applying that amount of surplus to increasing our
navy, we squandered it among the States under the
fictitious name of a deposit, not one dollar of which
will ever be returned to the federal government; and
it only served to encourage and stimulate the States
to wild speculations, which has involved them, and
spread ruin and embarrassment to the people as well
as the States. But that act of folly has passed, and
the funds are gone; it is for us to secure other
means to enlarge our navy.
I have attempted to show the dangers to which
our commerce is exposed: and if a laudable pride
of patriotism would prevent us from fearing our in-
dependence, we are compelled to acknowledge that
our cities, our towns, and our villages on our sea-
coast and northern frontiers are exposed to plunder
and conflagration.
I have shown the important posts and lines of
communications which the British occupy. In-
dulge me while I present the power of the royal
navy, which enables her to maintain her posts, and
to jeopard our ^national rights and our national
security.
I have the register of the British navy before me.
It shows the extraordinary fact that the royal navy
consists of four hundred and ninety ships of war.
have no room to class them and give them the
names they bear. It is enough to know they are
vessels of war, and mounted and manned, and bear
the flag of St. George.
This register shows another fact that will astonish,
and should alarm, every American who reads it. In
addition to the four hundred and ninety mounted
war vessels, there belongs to the royal navy two
hundred and two steamships. The number of guns
that all these vessels mount, and now carry, are six-
teen thousand eight hundred and forty-nine. The
number of guns may, and will, when circumstances
require it, be greatly increased. The steamships
arc reported to carry but from one to six guns
each. This is a fearful array of metal, to say
nothing of her sabres, cutlasses, muskets, pistols,
and other magazines.
Her marine manual force, as this register shows,
consists of eleven admirals of the red, thirteen of the
white, and fourteen ofthe blue.
Also of rear admirals, twenty-nine of the red,
thirty of the white, and thirty-nine of the blue.
Also, vice admirals, fifteen of the red, seventeen
of the white, eighteen of the blue—in all 186.
Her captains in active service number seven hun-
dred and eighteen. Her lieutenants number two
thousand six hundred and thirty-one; and her sailors
number 30,000. Her marine corps numbers in
generals, colonels, lieutenant colonels, captains, lieu-
tenants, and marines, upwards ot 10,000; and in all
more than 40,000. This, sir, is a programme of the
royal navy—the navy of our common enemy, and
all the enemy on the face of the globe, in the shape
of man or nation, that we have to fear. Permit me
to contrast it with our navy. We are in the habit of
saying "our gallant Utile navy." It is true it is gal-
lant; but it is also true it is little—a little too little.
It is so little that it could be hid in the British navy
in all the stillness or secrecy of the heart of a dense
and boundless forest. It is so little that you might
detach its size from one wing of the royal navy of
Great Britain, and Q.ueen Victoria would not know
that she lost a vessel. But here it is. I will make
it a part of my printed remarks, for the benefit of my
readers; and, in order to show it off to the best
possible advantage, I give it in detail and wholesale,
and will spread it over as much paper as possible:
american navy.
Ships of the line, 3—viz:
Ohio 
Pennsylvania..,
North Carolina.
gut?s.
...74
..120
...74
Total.
Constitution.,
Potomac ....
Brandywine .
Columbia ...
Congress ...
Cumberland.
Savannah ...
Ran tan  
Macedonian
Frigates, 9—viz:
.268
.44
.44
.44
.44
.44
.44
.44
.44
.36
Total..
.388
Sloops of war, 16—viz:
Saratoga   20
Boston 20
Warren 20
Falmouth 20
Fairfield 20
Vandalia 20
Preble 16
Jamestown 20
St. Louis 20
Levant   20
Portsmouth 20
Plymouth   20
St. Marys    .20
Decatur 16
Yorktown 16
Ontario      18
Total.
Brigs, 7—viz:
Truxti
Perry 
Lawrence..
Somers....
Bainbridge .
Oregon....
Total.
Shark 
Wave 
Experiment.
Schooners, 3—viz:
.306
..10
..10
..10
..10
..10
..10
..10
..70
..10
..10
..10
..30
Total 
Store ships, 3—viz:
Relief, Lexington, and Erie.
Steamers, (from 4 to 10 guns,) 7—viz:
Union, Poinsett, Michigan, Gen. Taylor, Engi-
neer, Princeton, and Col. Harney.
There are on the stocks now building—
Ships of the line 4
Sla ips of war   2
Sta   2
