Jan. 1845.
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
28th Cong 2d Sess.
Oregon Bill—Mr. Belser.
181
H. of Reps.
Eehebools   1 qqq
Wahopums   1000
Enesteurs     1200
Clackamurs ] 1*800
Chanwappans   . . . .. '400
29,570
I believe there are many numerous and warlike
tribes in the western part of the Missouri valley
that are not embraced in this table, and not within
the knowledge of our Indian department. But this
table presents a fearful array of Indian force. The
Indian is the natural enemy of the American white
race. He recounts wrongs to the red man which
neither time nor circumstances can entirely efface
from his mind. To keep him in subjection, he must
be taught that he has more to hope and more to fear
from the American family than any other. To
make him fear and hope, we must have an imme-
diate control over him. We must be in his presence,
control his territory, and cut off his connection with
all others. And these objects can only be effected
by taking possession of our northwestern territories.
We have an influence and a control in Wisconsin and
Iowa sufficient for those purposes in those terri-
tories. This bill provides for the establishment of
stockade forts between a proper point on the Mis-
an<^ ^le. eas^ern base of the Rocky mountains.
That will give us an influence and a control over
the Indians in that part of the Missouri valley,
and will give protection to our traders to Santa
Fe and elsewhere in that direction, as well as se-
curity to our Oregon emigrants. The possession and
occupation of Oregon will, with suitable military
establishments, give us control over the twenty
thousand Indians in that territory. Sir, our safety
and our highest interests in a military point of
view require us to pass this bill, and to carry its
provisions into speedy operation. Without it, we
are unsafe in peace; and m war we will suffer more
from Indian hostdities than from all other causcs.
Our whole northwestern frontier will be exposed
to the savage barbarities, murders, and conflagra-
tions which marked and made horrible our last war,
and will be made more horrible in proportion to the
increased extent of our frontier exposure.
The admonition of the father of our country, which
is mdeiiby stamped on every American's heart, and
upon every American mind.—uIn peace prepare for
■war,"—was never more forcibly presented than in the
present case; and the preparation for war now urged
einsists in giving civil protection to our hardy west-
ern riflemen, who are now removing to Oregon; and
their persons and their courage will constitute a large
part of the magazines and fortifications which will
be required. Occupation and civil protection will
substitute for millions in military establishments,
posts, and fortifications, which will have to be ex-
pended on our northwestern frontier in the event of
a war from any quarter or from any cause. Sir,
there is a spirit of enterprise and an ambition for the
acquisition of territory, which was never before dis-
played to the same extent.
This spirit should be encouraged and gratified to
the fullest extent. It was that spirit of enterprise
and love of territory that sweptaway resistance like
a torrent, and resulted in the election of a democratic
candidate to the presidency. In conformity with
that enthusiastic love of new territory, we have pass-
ed a bill making the empire of Texas a part of our
glorious Union. Will that bill pass the other branch
of this legislature? Then the British lion will never
growl on Texian soil. In conformity with the same
enthusiastic love of territory, let us plant the Ameri-
can standard upon the Pacific coast of Oregon. Let
the American eagle find safety in his flight over the
summit of the Rocky mountains, and we will have
but performed a duty which those we represent have
required at our hands.
®&t there is still another consideration connected
with the possession and occupancy of Oregon, which
connects itself with the inexhaustible wealth of the
Pacific; which is this. We have an incalculable
interest in the Pacific whale fishery. Hundreds of
our vessels are yearly engaged in that fishery. So
long as we can control our own rights on that ocean,
we have a mine of wealth. Our vessels want a
homestead on the Pacific coast—a place of rest—
a place of refreshment, and to refit. Principles of
economy alone warrant and demand the posses-
sion and occupancy of Oregon. Our own citizens
should furnish our own ships with refreshments
on the Pacific. The commanders of our vessels
should have the privilege of purchasing refresh-
ments from our citizens. Our mechanics should
have the privilege of repairing and refitting our ves-
sels on the Pacific, and the owners of our vessels
should have the privilege of employing our mechan-
ics; all of which accommodations will be secured al-
most simultaneously with the passage of this bill.
The saving to us, as a nation, will be almost incalcula-
bly, inpependent of the individual advantages. The
rich and fertile valleys of the Columbia will teem
with abundance. The farmer and the producer
will find a market for his produce at his own door,
in the vessels that trade and fish upon the Pacific.
The valuable timber which abounds on the whole line
of the Oregon water courses will be a source of
perpetual wealth, and can be conveyed to the ocean
on the same streams which affords the power to
convert them into whatever character of lumber
may be demanded.
Sir, I would wish to speak more of the vast ad-
vantages which would accrue to the United States,
growing out of our Chinese and India trade by our
occupancy of Oregon; but I will have to leave my
readers to anticipate that, and must bring to a close.
If I were permitted to make an appeal that
could pierce the ear of the remotest American
citizen, it would be in behalf of the sole
and exclusive possession and occupancy of Oregon.
I would admonish him, as he is proud of his coun-
try and of his nation's character, and glories in the
spread of our free institutions, and the continued
growth of human liherty, to command and demand
that liis representative support and consummate this
bill. I would also say to him, as he loves his coun-
try's peace, and his nation's safety, as well as the
security and protection of our national commerce,
that he do his part towards securing now, when we
have it in our power, this valuable territory, with-
out the possession of which, neither our commerce
011 the Pacific, nor our frontier border, is for a day
in perfect safety.
I would also ask him, as he pants for his country's
honor,and would arrest thehaughty boast that "Brit-
ish martial music can be heard from one post to anoth-
er round the world, and that the sun never sets on her
dominions," that he do his part to establish Amer-
ican jurisdiction and American supremacy over this
territory, where her reveille shall be forever silent,
from its southern to its northern extremity. I
would ask him, too, as he regards it as his highest
duty to those who are to come after him, to per-
petuate that personal liberty and free inheritance
which were bequeathed to him, to do his part to
transmit this territory undespoiled by any foreign
intruder or plunderer. In conclusion, permit me to
admonish the friends of Oregon and of this bill
neither to be decoyed nor alarmed by that stale
diplomatic objection of "negotiation:" negotiation
has deprived us of the use of this valuable territory
for more than a quarter of a century; nego-
tiation has dismembered one of the States of
this Union, to our disgrace and its loss. We
have whipped the British twice on the field; but
they have always whipped us in the diplomatic
cabinet. Give us an open field and a fair sky, and
Oregon will be ours—if it comes to a fight; but put
us in a diplomatic cabinet, and the battle will be
theirs, and Oregon will be theirs. Then, I say to
the friends of Oregon, beware of that argument—
"negotiation"—or it will keep us out of Oregon
twenty-five years more, and at the end of another
quarter century, the argument will be stronger, and
our title will be weaker. Great Britain has conquer-
ed and despoiled more nations, acquired more terri-
tory, and enslaved more people by negotiation than
she has by her arms. In all our attempts to possess our-
selves of the exclusivejurisdiction of,and to extend our
laws 0verOregon, we'have had the treaty brandished
before us. When we have attempted to pass a resolu-
tion instructing or requesting the President to put an
end to the treaty by which we are deprived of our
just sovereignty over Oregon, "negotiation" is bran-
dished before us. Look upon any member of this
House, or the other, as an enemy to Oregon, who
will make the miserable, stale, diplomatic subterfuge
of either treaty or negotiation an objection to the pas-
sage of this bill.
If either of the great measures, Texas or Oregon,
or both, are to fail this session, let the responsibility
not rest on this House. We have done our duty
for Texas; let us do it for Oregon, and our hands
will be clean. We can say to those whom we rep-
resent—whose hearts are beating in deep anxiety—
we have discharged our trust. If your will has not
been obeyed, and your instructions not complied
with, the fault is not ours.
Sir, there can be no constitutional scruples in the
way of the passage of this bill. If we claim title by
discovery, that settles the constitutionality, and no
question is involved but that of expediency; and that
question is as to the time we should occupy Ores-on.
This is the time; because the American people de-
mand it. If we claitff title by purchase from Spain,
the constitutional question is equally settled, and
has been since the purchase of Louisina; for Ore-
gon is but a part of that purchase. This is too lofty
a measure to admit of the interference of party driv-
eling. It surmounts that groveling, misera le par-
ty spirit which so often strikes at the best interests
of the country, and is alone worthy of the selfish,
unprincipled political demagogue. The public voice
in favor of the immediate possession of Oregon is
the offspring of a lofty spirit of patriotism and na-
tional honor, which scouts and casts the groveling
partisan from its presence, and mantles him with
shame and insignificance. Oregon is ours; Oregon
we will have; and Oregon we can defend.
SPEECH OF MR. BELSER,
OF ALABAMA.
In the House of Representatives, Jan. 28, 1845.—
On the hill to establish a Territorial Government
in Oregon, the House being in Committee ot' the
Whole on the State of the Union.
Mr. BELSER, upon obtaining the floor, com-
menced his remarks by saying that, but a few days
; since, one American measure had passed that House,
and now they were required to act on another equal-
ly as important in its hearings on the destiny of the
republic. Since the period of the Missouri restric-
tion, which shook the Union to its foundation, no
two projects had been before Congress better cal-
culated to test the efficiency of our institutions than
the admission of Texas into the Confederacy and
the occupation of Oregon. The epoch through which
we are passing might well be viewed as the hour of a
nation's travail; and although he believed that the
pending bill, if adopted, would be more likely to In-
volve us in a war than the one which we had so recent-
ly sanctioned, still, in the maintenance of a just claim,
we should not permit the fear of such consequences
to force us from our propriety. He dreaded war as
much as any man. Come when it will it is a tre-
mendous evil. In it death reigns without a lival,
and glories " in the extent of his conquest and the
richness of his spoil." Such fields as Waterloo ex-
hibit a melancholy spectacle—they had no charms
for hiin. To sccure the blessings of peace to this
Government, he would surrender everything save
national honor and national security.
A recent examination into the history of Great
Britain, and more particularly her course towards
other nations, had satisfied his mind that there is no
limit to her rapacity. Tempt her cupidity; " cast be-
fore her the apples," ar d forthwith she grasps every-
thing within reach—takes iirst, and negotiates after-
wards. With a territory not much larger than one
of our States, she is endeavoring to plant her royal
standard in every portion of the globe. Look to her
vast possessions near to us. Within a few days
run by steam are her West India Islands, Antigua,
Auquilla, Barbadoes, Dominica, Grenada, Jamaica,
Montserrat, Nevis, St. Kitts, St Lucia, Vincent,
Tobago, Trinidad, Bahamas, and Bermudas, and
then comes her Upper and Lower Canadas, Nova
Scotia, New Brunswick, Newfoundland, Prince Ed-
ward's Island, Labrador, the whole north to Hud-
son's Bay.
Having briefly alluded to the importance of the
question, and the relation which Great Britain bear«
to it, he would next proceed to examine the meas-
ure before the committee.
The first section of the bill under consideration
proposes the organization of a temporary government
out of all the country belonging to the United States
west of the summit of the Rocky Mountains, and
bounded on the south by the forty-second nnd on ftie
north by the fifty-fourth degree and forty minutes
north latitude. This boundary has for its landmarks,
on the east the Rocky Mountains, on the west the
Pacific, on the north the Strait of Fuca, and on the
south the Snowy Mountains. The extent of surface
is about three hundred and fifty thousand square miles,
and this vast area is drained by the Columbia and
its tributaries. He contended that the bill, so far as
