Jan. 1848.
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
185
28th Cong 2b Sess.
Annexation: of Texas—Mr. Norris.
H. of Reps.
that it cannot be accomplished through the medium of
the ordinary treaty making-power, as recognised by
by the constitutions of each of the two governments.
Texas, as well as the United Stattes, is an indepen-
dent and entire sovereignty. Both governments are
duly organized under written constitutions ordained
by their respective sovereignties. These constitu-
tions, as I before remarked, are the supreme law of
their respective countries, to which the treaty-ma-
king power is as strictly subordinate as the legisla-
tive or judicial. A treaty is defined to be a bargain
or contract between two or more, whether individ-
uals or nations. The parties that make such bar-
gain or contract in the case of nations must be,
either the sovereign power itself, by its immediate
and direct action, or by some agent duly author-
ized by such sovereign to make the contract in its
behalf. The question then presents itself m its full
magnitude and vital reality, has the constitution of
the United States, or of Texas, placed in the hands
of the ordinary treaty-making branch of the gov-
ernment, which is but a creature of the constitution,
the tremendous and overshadowing power of anni-
hilating, that sovereignty to which it has sworn
allegiance, and that constitution which it has sworn
to support' If the ordinary treaty-making power
of Texas can do this, in the present instance, as it
regards that government, then why not, I ask, the
President and two-thirds of the Senate of the United
States exercise a like power, as it regards our gov-
ernment? The idea is at once too repugnant to the
principles of republican government, and the rights
of a free people—the precedent too alarming to be
entertained for a single moment. The question in-
volves a principle wider and deeper than that em-
braced in the ordinary treaty-making power con-
ferred by the constitution.
Having thus briefly expressed my views upon
the authority of the treaty-making power on the
part of Texas to abolish the sovereignty and consti-
tution of the people of that country, and to make
them a constituent portion of the sovereignty of the
United States, and amenable to its constitution and
laws, I proceed to examine the proposition before
the committee of admitting Texas as a State.
The proposition upon the point now under con-
sideration proposes:
'■That the Congress doth consent that the territory right-
fully included within the limits of Texas be erected into a
new State, to be called the State of Texas, with a republi-
can form of government, to be adopted by the people of Tex-
as, with the consent of the existing government, upon the
following conditions and guaranties; which, when adopted
as aforesaid, shall be obligatory as well upon the people of
Texas as upon the United States.
Here the absolute sovereignty of Texas, in its
highest and most exalted capacity, is consulted.
The whole people act directly and immediately
upon the proposition; and if they agree to it, all dif-
ficulty is removed upon this point, so far as Texas
is concerned.
The only remaining question upon this branch of
the subject, then, is, has Congress authority under
the constitution, by a special delegation of power in
that instrument, to admit Texas into the Union as a
State, provided she assent in the manner proposed.
If such power has not been specially delegated or
necessarily implied, then I admit it cannot be done.
I will here examine one or two of the objections
that have been urged against the constitutional ex-
ercise of such power by Congress. It has been
urged that the States of this Union are partners
merely to the civil compact; that the constitution of
the United States constitutes a partnership of States
merely; and that the consent of each of the States
now within the Union is necessary to the admission
of the contemplated new partner. Sir, this doctrine
of partnership, as applied to our national compact of
union, comes from a quarter m this hall, and from
gentlemen, whence a like doctrine has never before,
to my knowledge, proceeded; but it has been by
them, heretofore, again and again denied. Admit
this doctrine, however, to be true: and what then?
If the partners, which in this case are the several
States, by their articles of agreement and compact,
the constitution, have authorized their common agent,
the Congress, to execute certain specified powers
and perform certain duties, and this agent execute
those powers and perform those duties, the acts of the
common agent, become as binding and obligatory
upon each and all the members of the partnership,
as if each had separately assented thereto. Kay,
more; if the common agent believes that the execu-
tion of such a power will contribute to the prosperi-
ty and welfare of the whole, he i3 bound to execute
it without delay. If he delay it, he renders himself
justly obnoxious to the censure of those for whom
he is authorized to act.
We have been told by the gentleman from Ver-
mont, [Mr. Collamkr,] that Congress cannot legis-
late upon objects without the limits of the Union;
and therefore argues that, Texas being beyond
, these limits, Congress cannot constitutionally pass
any act admitting it into the Union as a State; and,
to fortify and elucidate his position, he referred
the committee to that clause in the constitution con-
ferring upon Congress the power "to establish post
offices and post-roads." He then went on to argue
that this clause did not invest Congress with any
power to establish post offices and post roads with-
out the limits of the Union. Now, sir, 1 am not
disposed, at this time, to dispute the gentleman's po-
sition, so far as it regards the establishment of post
offices and post roads; but I do deny altogether the
conclusion which he attempted to establish from
that argument. The learned gentleman's error
consists in not discriminating between ordinary acts
of legislation and the execution of a power. What I
mean, is, that the constitution has conferred upon
Congress, not only the ordinary powers of legisla-
ting upon a variety of subjects, but it has, also, con-
fided in the hands of Congress the execution of
certain high powers and trusts partaking of a dif-
ferent character. Congress can, by law, establish
post offices and post roads to-day, and to-morrow
repeal the lawwhereby they were established. In
this matter they can do and undo at pleasure. But,
in the execution of the high powers and trusts of a
different nature, the case is otherwise. Congress
has power "to declare war," but it cannot make
peace. The power once executed, the act remains
unrepealed, although peace may be restored through
the medium of another branch of the government.
Another of this class of powers is the one now un-
der discussion. "New States may be admitted by
Congress into this Union." When this power has
been executed in regard to a new State, it is at
once beyond the power of Congress to repeal the
act of admission, and thrust such State out of the
pale of the confederacy.
To show that the execution of this power was
intended to act upon objects not within the limits of
the Union, I will, in addition to the plain letter of
that clause in the constitution to which I last refer-
red, add two authorities which are from men who
lived in the days of the formation and adoption of
the constitution, and, in my view, entitled to great
weight upon this point.
Mr. Madison says the immediate object of the
federal constitution is to "secure the Union of the
thirteen primitive States, which we know to be prac-
ticable; and to add to them such other States as may
arise in their own bosoms, or in their neighborhoods,
which we cannot doubt to be equally practicable."
So Mr. Macon said in the debate as to Louisiana,
that the constitution was designedly made broad, so
as to admit such a foreign territory and government
as Canada, when agreeable to both; because the ter-
ritory and people within our limits were already
within the Union, and entitled to be, under old com-
pacts, treaties, and cessions.
Mr. Chairman, I perceive that, in answering the
objection of the gentleman from Vermont, I have
been drawn into the argument in support of the
main proposition—has Congress the constitutional
power to admit a State composed of foreign and
contiguous territory, into the Union? The clause of
the constitution conferring the power to admit new
States is broad, explicit, and unqualified. "New
States may be admitted by Congress into this Un-
ion." So direct and positive is this language, that
no argument seems necessary to add strength or
perspicuity to the explicit delegation of power; nor
has any argument been adduced or attempted to
qualify or limit it, so far as I am able to judge, ex-
ceptsuchas havebeen grounded upon conjecture and
remote probabilities—conjectures and probabilities,
too, at once refuted upon a recurrence to the action
of the convention which formed the constitution
upon this particular clause. In submitting the
further argumentupon this clause in the constitution,
I shall adopt the reasoning and language of others.
( do this for a double purpose. In the first place,
because they embody my own views in a more
forcible and lucid form than I should otherwise be
able to do it. In the second place, because duty to
myself and to those whom I, m part, represent upon
this floor—justice to a distinguished senator of my
own State, [Mr. Woodbury.] and to the late justly
distinguished President of the United States, (Mr.
Van Buren,) constrain me to notice in this connec-
tion a letter lately published in this city by my col-
league, [Mr. Hale,] addressed to the "democratic
republican electors of the State of New Hamp-
shire."
The extracts which I shall introduce from the
recorded opinions ofMessrs. Van Buren and Wood-
bury, touching the constitutional question now be-
fore the committee, in order to place my colleague's
letter in its true light before our common constitu-
ents, as it respects the constitutional opinions of
these gentlemen, will constitute the remainder of my
argument as to the rightful exercise of 'the power in . ■
question. And here let me remark that lam ac-
tuated by no feelings of hostility or unkindness to-
wards him; that I never have sought, never shall seek,
any issue with him here or elsewhere.
But I will say to my colleague that I cannot sit
calmly by and suffer the contents of his letter to go
uncontradicted, calculated as that letter is to mislead
and deceive our common constituents by represent-
ations, false as it regards the opinions of those two
distinguished statesmen upon the constitutional
question now before the committee.
Mr. Hale here interposed to ask an explanation
of his colleague.
Mr. Norris yielding the floor—
Mr. Hale inquired if his colleague charged him
with falsehood.
Mr. Norris proceeded. I do not, and have not,
charged falsehood upon my colleague; but I have,
and do charge it upon his letter to our common con-
stituents, inasmuch as it represents the opinions of
Messrs. Van Buren and Woodbury, upon the con-
stitutional question now before the committee, to be
the very reverse of what is the fact; yes, the very op-
posite of what every word, which either of those dis-
tinguished statesmen has ever written or published
upon the question, proves to be true. My col-
league's letter says:
"Before I make the suggestions which I propose, on the
resolutions adopted by our legislature at its late session, I
wish to add a word touching the constitutional pou er of
this government to incorporate a foreign state or nation into
the Union. But on a matter of such grave and serious im-
port, I shall not trust myself before you with any crude re-
marks of my own. I will neither affirm nor deny aught
thereof-, but will simply submit to you the opinions of two
men justly standing as high in your estimation, and I doubt
not in the estimation of the whole country, as any two hv
ing statesmen. I mean Martin Van Buren and Levi Wood
bury—men whom to name is to praise, and who have been
honored by holdmg the highest offices, the one in the na-
tion, and the other in our own State. On the 14th of March,
1826, Mr. Van Buren moved to amend certain resolutions
then pending before the Senate of the United States relative
to then proposed Panama Congress, by adding certain other
resolutions, from which the following is extracted, viz:
" 'Resolved, That the power of forming or entering (in
any manner whatever) into new political associations, or
confederacies, belongs to the people of the United States in
their sovereign character, being one of the powers which,
not having been delegated to the government, is reserved to
the States or people'
"In the debate in the Senate on the Panama mission, Mr.
Woodbury said:
" 'But t&e United States, as a government, have not yet
pledged |themselves to any such entangling and despotic,
principle, in respect to any other nation whatever. They
have not yet agreed to bear the brunt of the contest in any-
foreign war; nor support, at such hazards, the independence
or form of government of any nation or state except our
own nstion and thoce of the State? composing our
confederacy. Any such agreement would violate the con-
stitution, and plunge us into a vortex of new coalitions and
confederacies, abhorrent to every feeling and maxim of our
venerated fathers.'
"I leave this constitutional question where those gentle-
men left it. sattsfied that no puny efforts of mine can add
strength to the impregnable position in which they placed
it"
Sir, the committee will pardon me while I make a
short digression. It will be perceived that this res-
olution of Mr. Van Buren; and the remarks of Mr.
Woodbury, had special reference to the constitu-
tionality and expediency of the Senate's advising
and consenting to the appointment of ministers on
the part of the United States, to join the ministers
of the Spanish-American confederated States in a
congress to be held at Panama. What were the ob-
jects of that Congress? Why, similar to those of
the Holy Alliance. In the language of somo of
the confederated States, it was to be a Congress
''which might consider upon and adopt the best plan for
defending the new States of the New World from for-
eign aggression." In the language of others, it was
to be "a general congress, to be formed for the purpose
of preserving the territorial integrity, and firmly estab-
lishing the absolute independence, of each oj the Jimeri-
can republics."
Upon this subject, Mr. Woodbury, in a speech
before the Senate of the United States, and from
which the quotation in my colleague's lettm- is ex-
tracted, says:
