Jan. 1848.
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOfiE.
-187
28th Cong 2d Sess.
Annexation of Texas—Mr. JVorris.
H. of Reps.
gress, whether situated without or within our original
limits."
#####.*
"The frames of the constitution were men who looked
deep into the future, and had no design to strip themselves
oi any high national powers or destinies.
"When it was objected by some, in debate in 1811, that,
on this construction, States might be admitted, not only
contiguous, but in the West Indies, South America, and
even Europe, the reply seemed sensible and pertinent, that
on the American theory of self,government, no reason ex-
isted why we should not be allowed to admit any State that
would conform to our representative system, and whose
union with us should, by the majority of both countries, or
the proper authorities, be considered mutually advantage-
ous, and that we might well wish to extend the blessings of
our government as widely as practicable.''
* # * -4 # *
"Every government that ever yet existed possesses a
competency to add to its territory. It cease*- to have the
functions of an independent nation, if it cannot, by treaty
or discovery, obtain new boundaries for convenience, or
new lands for culture, or new ports for commerce; and, as
before suggested, it is stripped of the national function of
acquiring territory, when assailed by unjust war, and hold-
ing it either for indemnity, or profit, or security. And if we
can acquire it reason, as well as the words of the constitution,
requires us, in due time, to make States out of it, and admit
them into the Union.—(160) Story says, in a note to this
page, that the Hartford contention proposed to prevent such
admission, unless by a vote of two-tliirds of both Houses,
and by a report in that body, indirectly denied the author-
ity to admit States or any territory without our original
limits. But this doctrine has slept with that convention
since, it is believed, till revived by Mr. Adams in his Texas
speech, in 1838, in Congress, and his political address in
New York in 1839."
******
"When we look to analogies abroad of cases oi whole
territories and governments feeing ceded and annexed to
other governments, whether monarchies or republican con-
federacies, -they cluster thickly.
"France herself is made up of a union of what was once
different kingdoms; so of Spain, so of Great Britain; ?o of
Germany. Indeed, England not only reannexed Wales—
the favorite and jus>t term now—but admitted Scotland as
well as Ireland into a union with her, including govern-
ment and the whole territory. The word eannes-ed, as now
applied, is as old as Blackstone, who says* 'The territory
of Wale? being then entirely reannoxed (by a kind of feu-
dal resumption) to the dominion of the crown of England.'
—(Vol. 1, 94 p )
"But in confederacies, Switzerland has added and rejected
various separate cantonments, with their whole govern-
ment and territory; so of Holland or the Netherlands; and
so of the Mexican confederacy itself, now including one
State formerly attached to Guatemala, ?o of Colombia, so of
Bupnos 4yres; sometimes adding new States, both territory
and government, and sometimes amicably or violently sepa-
rating. Indeed, several of the old thirteen colonies, now
States, were originally obtained by England by treaties of
cession.
"In the Mexican constitution, (cee 2 Kennedy, 427,) the
power of their Congress is no broader than ours. It is to
admit new States to the federal union or territories, incor-
porating them in the nation; and under it one has been ad-
mitted, which never before belonged m any sense to
Mexico.
"Hence, whether we look to the words of the constitu-
tion, or to the practice under it, or to the analogies ol other
governments, whether American or European, the consti-
tutional right to annex is undoubted.
"All which the constitution requires to admit States is the
assent of Congress/'
Sir, having said all that the time will permit me
upon the constitutional point, I will here leave it;
and I here leave, without the application of a single
comment, that part of my colleague's letter in which
lie says:
"Ileave the constitutional qne^Uon uhere those gentlemen
left it, satisfied that no puny ejfuit of mine can add strength to
the impregnable position in which they placed it "
Mr. Chairman, I now approach the question of
expediency. Here we have been met by objec-
tions which demand consideration. We have been
told that this measure of annexation is dangerous,
because our limits are already too much extended;
unjust, because it will be an infringement on the
rights of Mexico; destructive of human liberty, be-
cause it will extend and perpetuate slavery; disas-
trous m its consequences, inasmuch as it will lead to
a dissolution of the Union. Let us examine these
positions.
The alarms which have been constantly rung in
our ears, of the dangers to be apprehended from in-
cluding alargc confederacy of States within the lim-
its of the republic, are nothing new. They are as
old as the constitution itself; they were renewed in
1803, upon the purchase of Louisiana by Mr. Jef-
ferson, with ail the party virulence, characteristic of
the latter period. Mr. Madison, in 1788, while the
federal constitution was before the people for ratifi-
cation, successfully met and refuted the cries of the
alarmists of that day, by reasons and arguments,
which still apply with all their force and vigor, fie
says:
"The error which limits republican government to a
narrow district has been unfolded and refuted in preceding
papers. 1 remark here, only, that it seems to owe its rise
and prevalence chiefly to the confounding a republic with a
democracy, and applying to the former reasonings drawn
from the nature ol the latter. The true distinction between
these forms was only adverted to on a former occasion. It
is, that in a democracy, the people meet and exercise the
government in person; in a republic, they assemble and ad-
minister it by their representatives and agents. A democ-
racy, consequently, must be confined to a small spot. ^ A re-
public may be extended over a large region. To this acci-
dental source of error, maybe added the artifice of some
celebrated authors, whose writings have had a great share
in forming the modern standard of political opinions. Be-
ing subjects of an absolute or limited monarchy, they have
endeavored to heighten the advantages, or palliate the evils
of those forms, by placing in comparison with them the
vices and defects of the republican, and by citing as speci-
mens of the latter, the turbulent democracies of ancient
Greece and modern Italy. Under the confusion of names,
it has been an easy task to transfer to a republic observa-
tions applicable to a democracy only; and, among others,
the observation that it—a republic—can never be establish-
ed but among a small number of people, living within a
small compass of territory. Such a fallacy may have been
the less perceived, as most of the popular governments of
antiquity were of the democratic species; and even in
modern* Europe, to which we owe the great principle of
lepresentcition, no example is seen of a government wholly
popular, and founded at the same time wholly on that prin-
ciple. If Europe has the merit of discovering this great me-
chanical power in government, by the simple agency of
which the will of the largest political body may be concen-
trated, and its force directed to any object which the public
good requires; America can claim the merit of making the
discovery the basis of unmixed and extensive republic0.
"As the natural limits of a democracy is that distance
from the central point which will just permit the most re-
mote citizens to assemble as often as their public functions
demand, and will include no greater number than can join
in these functions, so the natural limit of a republic is that
distance from the centre which will barely allow the repre-
sentatives ol the people to meet as often as may be necessa-
ry for the administration of the public aflairs."
Here we have what Mr. Madison considered the
natural limit of a republic, a distance from the cen-
tre which will barely allow the representatives of the
people to meet as often as may be ncccssary for the
administration of public affairs. Although his
prophetic vision did not extend so far into the then
future developments of science and mechanics as to
foresee the modern application of steam, facilitating
travel and transportation, shortening a journey of
weeks to as few days, yet he did foresee "that the
intercourse throughout the Union would be daily
facilitated by new improvements," and that "the
communication between the western and Atlantic
districts, and between different parts of each," would
"be rendered more easy by those numerous canals
with which the beneficence of nature has intersect-
ed our country, and which art finds it so little diffi-
cult to connect and complete." And he urged this
in favor of an extended republic.
T must confess that when 1 look upon our polit-
ical organizations, State and federal, and examine
the history of the operation of the system for more
than half a century, I am cheered, rather than
alarmed, at the prospect of a large increase of the
number of States which will eventually be em-
braced within the bosom of this vast and mighty re-
public. During that period the number of States
has been increased from thirteen to twenty-six, and
two more are now reedy for admission—our pop-
ulation has increased from less than four to about
twenty millions; and the number of square miles
embraced within the limits of the organized States,
increased from less than four hundred thousand to
more than nine hundred thousand. I am not of that
class which looks with a jealous eye upon these
younger and flourishing members of the family, nor
would i limit their increase till they shall have plant-
ed our glorious institutions upon every inch of soil,
from the Atlantic to the Pacific, and from the St.
Lawrence to the Del Norte. Sir, the thirteen new
States have added vast strength, influence, and re-
spect to the Union, as it regards our foreign rela-
tions, and, I contend, they have, in an equal or
greater degree, strengthened and drawn tighter the
cords of domestic union. It seems to me, that dan-
ger is not to be apprehended from an increase of the
number of States, so long as the general and State
governments act, each within its legitimate and con-
stitutional sphere; "the great and aggregate inter-
ests" alone having been "referred to the national,
the local, and particular to the State legislatures."
But it has been said, that by extending our ter-
ritory, and increasing the number of Spates, dif-
ferrent and sectional interests become multiplied,
which will tend to weaken and destroy the Union.
Is this true? Is not the very reverse thn fact?
Multiply these interests as much as you please,
they are mutually dependent upon one another;
you cannot destroy or materially injure any one,
without effecting injuriously all the others. Destroy
the commercial and manufacturing interests of the !
North, and you at once cripple the planting interests
of the South, and the farming interests of the West.
Destroy the planting interests of the South, and you
strike down with the same blow the manufactures,
and very injuriously affect the commerce of the
North, and in a ^reat degree close the market in
these sections against the surplus products of the
West. Destroy the farming interests of the West,
and you paralyze the pursuits and prosperity of the
other two. Thus there is, and can be, no sectional
interest independent of the rest. In addition to this,
when I look at our republic, comprised of rich and
flourishing States, embracing, as they must, almost
every variety of soil and climate under heaven, and
consider that all the varied products of the soil, and
of manufacturing skill, are exchanged between them
upon the system of unrestricted commerce and free
trade, without tariffs to trammel enterprise or bur-
den the products of labor, I cannot but believe that,
as we increase, and these varied interests become
multiplied, extended, and strengthened, forming, as
they ao in such a system, one combined interest,
pervading the whole and every portion of the repub-
lic, that the ties of union will-"grow with our growth
and strengthen wi'h our strength." Indeed, it is
this great diversity of the products of labor, some
being peculiarly adapted to ' the soil and climate of
one section, and some to another, constituting this
mutual benefit, as well as dependence, which is the
great conservative power that, perhaps, above all
others, will bind us together in all time to come.
Again: the extension of the members of the con-
federacy will tend to counteract those centralizing
and consolidating influences which, by means of the
easy and rapid communication with the seat of the
general government, will be brought to bear upon
the action of that government. 1 confess I am not
so much alarmed that any centrifugal force will car-
ry off from the common centre any of the planets in
our political system to revolve around other suns, as
I am that the powerful and increasing centripetal
force will, by degrees, lessen and lessen their orbits,
tell at length they fall to the centre and coalesce in
one consolidated mass. An increase of the parties
to the confederacy will also tend to prevent unjust,
sectional, and oppressive legislation on the part of
the central government, and to suppress and put
down sectional combinations, whether they exhibit
themselves in the shape of Hartford conventions or
direct nullification. Upon this point Mr. Madison
says:
"The smaller the society, the fewer, probably, will be the
distinct parties and interests composing it;the lewer the dis-
tinct parties and interests the more frequently will a ma-
jority be found of the same party; and the smaller the num-
ber of individuals composing amajority, and the smaller the
compass within which they are placed, the more easily will
they concert and execute their plans of oppression Extend
the sphere, and you take in a greater variety of parties and
interests; you make it less probable that a majority of the
whole will have a common motive to invade the rights of
other citizens, or, if such a common motive exists, it will
be more difficult for all who feel it to discover their own
strength and act in unison with each other.
"Hence it clearly appears that the same advantage which
a republic has over a democracy, in controlling the efforts
of faction, is enjoyed by a large over a small republic—is
enjoyed by the Union over the States composing it. ^ *
Does this advantage consist m the greater security afforded
by a greater variety of parties, against the event of any one
party being able to outnumber and oppress the restJ 'in an
equal degree does the increased variety of parties compris-
ed within the Union increase this security Does it. in fine,
consist in the greater obstacles opposed to the concert and
accomplishment of the secret wishes of an unju&t and in-
terested majority} Here again the extent of the Union gives
it the most palpable advantage."
Again: it has been said, that to annex Texas to
the United States will be an infringement upon the
rights of Mexico. This involves the question,
whether Mexico has any right to exercise jurisdic-
tion either over the people or territory of Texas. I
shall not stop to examine whether the venerable
gentleman from Massachusetts [Mr. Adams] js
right in the argument which he has made to-day, in
which he contends that Texas was not embraced in
the Louisiana cession by France in 1803, or whether
he was right in his celebrated and unanswerable let-
ter to Don Luis De Onis, the Spanish minister, in
March, 1818.
The Secretary of State [Mr. Adams,] then said:
"Let us pass to the consideration of the western bounda-
ries of Louisiana.
"With the note of Messrs. Monroe and Pmckney to Don
Pedro ChvaIIos, of 28th January, 1B0-5, a memoir of these
boundaries was presented to that minister, proving that'
they extended eastward to the Perdido, and v, estv. ard to the
Rio Bravo or Grande Del Norte. They observe! in that
note that the facts and principles which justify this conclu-
sion are so satisfactory to theirgovernment as to convince ,t
that the United States have not .* bett< r right to the island
of New Orleans, under the cession referred to, tirm they
have to the whole district of territory thus described
