Jan. 1845.
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
189
28th Cong Qd Sess.
Annexation of Texas—Mr. Jforris.
H. of Reps.
cal bishops. Now, sir, let me examine that "firm
stand against the enlargement of the empire of op-
pression" which my colleague has taken, that has
drawn forth from these "sons of liberty" such un-
restricted approbation. On the 7th instant my col-
league's letter purports to have been written, but
did not meet the public eye till after the 10th. In
that letter, after disposing of the constitutional ques-
tion in the manner to which I have adverted, my
colleague says:
"I will now examine the subject in the aspectit presents rel-
ative to slavery. If I believed, in the language of the eighth
resolution of our legislature—language ascribed originally
to Mr. Clay, and 1 believe correctly so—that the 'annexa-
tion of Texas would add more free than slave States to the
Union:' if I thought that such were the probable conse-
quences to follow such a-measure, I would most cheerfully
use my exertions to procure the adoption by the general
government of such constiutional measures as should be
best calculated to effect that object." -
"My colleague then proceeds to extract copiously
from the correspondence of Messrs. Murphy, Up-
shur, and Calhoun, in which those gentlemen dis-
cussed annexation in connection with the institution
of slavery, and the avowed designs of Great Britain
touching the same, and then says:
"The question may have national aspects in which it may
be presented to the public eye; but if it have, they have
been most carefully kept out of sight by those who have
thus far managed this negotiation."
After commenting upon remarks made in this
House by the chairman of the Committee on For-
eign Affairs, [Mr. C. J. Ingersoll,] and upon the
remarks of the gentleman from Alabama [Mr. Bel-
ser] at a former session of Congress, and upon the
constitution of Texas touching slavery, my col-
league says:
' I have thus, my fellow-citizens, in a brief and imperfect
manner, laid before you some of the reasons, and I believe
all the substantial reasons, which our government have al-
leged as justifying the measuie of annexation. To my
mind, mvtead ol justifying it, they are eminently calculated
to provoke the scorn of earth and the judgment of Heaven;
and I cannot consent, by any agency of mine, to aid m pla-
cing our beloved country m such an attitude.
'•When our forefathers bade a last farewell to the hemes
of their childhood, the graves of their fathers, and the tem-
ples of their God, and ventured upon all the desperate con-
tingencies of wintry seas and a savage coast, that they
might, in strong faith and ardent hope, lay deep the founda-
tions oi the temple of liberty, their faith would have be-
come skepticism, and their hope despair, could they have
foreseen that the day would ever arrive when their degen-
erate sons should be found seeking to extend their bounda-
ries and theftr government, not for the purpose of promoting
freedom, but sustaining slavery."
Now, sir, for the purpose of showing the insin-
cerity of these political abolition demagogues, and
that their object is political power, in endorsing my
colleague, in wholesale, as having "taken a firm
stand against the enlargement of the empire of op-
pression," and not for the purpose of placing him
in a double attitude, I wish to place in juxtaposi-
tion with the eloquent and impassioned extracts
from his letter, the proposition made by him to the
House on the 10th instant, as a vagrant amendment,
to be attached to whatever proposition of annexa-
tion might be agreed upon. The proposition reads:
"Provided, That immediately after the question of bound-
ary between the United States of America and Mexico &hall
have been definitely settled by the two governments, and
before any State, tormed of the Territory of Texas, shall be
admitted to the Union, the said Territory of Texas shall be
mvijer] hs follows, to wit: Beginning at a point on the Gulf
of .Mexico, midway between the northern and southern
boundaries thereol on thecoast, and then by ahne running
in a northwesterly direction to the extreme boundary
thereof, so as to divide the same as nearly as possible in
two equal parts; and in that portion of said Territory ljmg
south and \\ est of the line s-o run as aforesaid, there shall
be neither slavery nor involuntary servitude otherwise
than 111 the punishment of crimes whereof the party-shall
have been dulv convicted And provided for/hp,•, That this
provision shall be considered as a compact between the
United States and the people of said Terutory, and foievcr
remain unalterable, unless by consent of three-fouiths of
the States ot the Union."'
Now, sir, it strikes me that if there is any one
proposition that has been offered which, more than
all others, is calculated to counteract the policy of
the British government respecting the abolition of
slavery, by bunging in contact with the slave States
of the Union a foreign free territory, and thereby
carry out the views and designs of Messrs. Upshur
and Calhoun, as manifested in their correspondence,
it is the very proposition submitted by my col-
league.
It may be well here to remark that this corres-
pondence grew out of a report, deemed at the time
authentic, that the British government had guaran-
tied to pay the interest on a loan sufficientto pur-
chase the slaves of Texas, on condition that the
Texian government would abolish slavery; and
also upon what had taken place in the British House
of Lords between Lord Brougham and the Earl of
Aberdeen. Lord Brougham is' reported to have
said: "Seeing his noble friend, the head of the for-
eign department, in his place, he wished to obtain
some information from him relative to a State of
great interest at the present time—namely, Texas."
"The importance of Texas," he said, "could not
be overrated. It was a country of the greatest
capabilities, and was irj extent fully as large as
France. It possessed a soil of the finest and most
fertile character, and it was capable of producing
nearly all tropical produce; and its climate was of
the most healthy character. It had access to the
Gulf of Mexico through the river Mississippi, with
which it communicated by means of the Red river."
* * * "But he was grieved to learn that not less
than one-fourth of the population, or 25,000 per-
sons, were in a state of slavery." Lord Brougham
proceeds to argue that, if Great Britain could bring
about the abolition of slavery m Texas, "the conse-
quence would be to solve this great question in the
history of the United States; for it must ultimately
end in the abolition of slavery in America." The
Earl of Aberdeen, in his reply, says: "He need
hardly say that every effort, on the part of her
Majesty's government, would lead to that result
which was contemplated by his noble friend."
It was this open avowal on the part of the British
government of pursuing a policy in regard to slavery
in the border territory of Texas, of which Lord
Brougham declared "the consequence would be to
solve this great question in the history of the United
States; for it must ultimately abolish slavery in
America," that drew forth the correspondence of
which my colleague complains, as being "eminently
calculated to provoke the scorn of earth and the
judgment of heaven." Without justifying or con-
demning this correspondence, with which I at pres-
ent have nothing to do, I admit the object of Messrs.
Calhoun and Upshur in urging annexation to have
been, in part, to frustrate Great Britain in her policy
of creating a foreign State, in which slavery should
not exist, alongside of the slave States of the South,
and thereby not only to aid the slaves in escaping,
but, through her emissaries, to promote and stir up
insurrections among the slaves in the border States,
and light up the torch of war between Texas and
the South, and thus to "solve this great question in
the history of the United States," by a destruction
of the Union.
Having thus briefly referred to the cause of this
correspondence, I will now compare my colleague's
proposition with the manifest object—so far as the
security to slavery is concerned—of Messrs. Upshur
and Calhoun. I confess I look upon my colleague's
proposition with mingled emotions of pleasure and
pain; with pleasure, that he has submitted a propo-
sition of which, I suppose, he "would most cheer-
fully use his exertions to procure the adoption by
the general government;" with pain, because it is so
totally irreconcileable with the doctrines of his letter
dated but three days before. What if the territory were
divided as he proposes: would it not give to "the
empire of oppression" all the richest and most pro-
ductive portion, equal !n extent to half the kingdom
of France? Would it not place an "impregnable"
barrier between the slave States and Mexico, where
slavery has been abolished, and into which, should
the slaves once escape, they would be free from the
pursuit of the master, by erecting a free territory be-
tween such slave States and Mexico? Wauld this
not furnish the greatest security from foreign
interposition, and against all possible chance of es-
cape to the slave across the line into a foreign free
territory that could be afforded? Yes, sir; it cuts off
all chance of escape into Mexico, where he would
mingle with a population of his own color, by a
free territory, through which, if he attempt to es-
cape, he will almost inevitably be caught and de-
livered back. Not only so; but my colleague's
proposition is, that this line shall "forever remain
unalterable," unless by the consent of three-fourths
of the States of the Union.
Sir, if this proposition does not, in fact, carry out
and accomplish the objects of that correspondence,
which, it has been said by him, is calculated to pro-
voke the scorn of earth and the judgment of heaven,
then I wholly misconceive its import. Yet, not-
withstanding all this, my colleague is held out
by the political abolitionists of the North,
in their electioneering handbills, as having "taken
a firm stand against the enlargement of the empire
of oppression, assigning their impregnable reasons
therefor, which the sons of liberty have ever main-
tained." These, sir, are some of the consistent
principles of the leaders of the political abolitionists.
I now leave them and return to the question—what
effect will annexation have upon the institution of
slavery?
It has been often repeated, during this debate, that
annexation will enlarge the area of slavery; that i
will extend and perpetuate it. But I have b^en so
unfortunate as not to have heard any gentleman at-
tempt to tell us how. Assertions are very easily
made, but the proof is oftentimes more difficult; and
therefore it is, that in this discussion gentlemen
have studiously avoided the whys and wherefores,
and contented themselves with bold assertion and
lofty declaration upon this point. Annexation does
not add one single inch to the boundaries of slave
territory, nor a single slave to the list. This has
not been controverted.
Sir, I believe that the resolutions of my State are
strictly true, when they declare that the annexation
of Texas will add more free than slave States to the
Union. The soil, climate, and products of the larger
portion of this territory ^are in nowise adapted
to slave labor. The cotton, sugar, and rice lands,
along the Gulf of Mexico, embrace almost the
whole extent upon which such labor can be profita-
bly employed. A country adapted and devoted to
the farming, manufacturing, and mechanical inte-
rests, cannot, and will not, sustain the institution of
slavery for any great length of time. It soon be-
comes an insufferable burden, dwarfs away, sickens
and dies. Do we ask evidence of this? It is fur-
nished in the history of the past—even in the histo-
ry of our own country. We have but to go back
to the days of the revolution, and view the institu-
tion of slavery as it then existed, spreading its sable
wings from one extremity of the Union to the other,
and examine the process which has been gradually
going on, incited and sustained by the interests of
the farming, manufacturing, and commercial por-
tions of the Union, to rid themselves of an institu-
tion, which to them proved such an intolerable bur-
den upon their enterprise and profits. The march
of the institution has been gradually southward; one
State after another giving way by the force of in-
terest, if of nothing else, at the moment the superior-
ity of free has come fairly in competition with slave
labor. When these come fairly in contact, the com-
petition cannot last long. The result is sure and
most certain. Sir, in all portions of our country
where free labor can, from the nature of ihe soil and
climate, be brought in full competition with that of
the slave, there can be no more doubt of the ulti-
mate result, than that the sun is above us at noon-
day. The present condition of the northern slave
States furnishes proof of this, which cannot be mis-
taken. Even Missouri, where slavery has had a
mushroom growth, is already stooping under the
burden so onerous to her ultimate prosperity, and
must, ere long, cast it from her shoulders.
This brings me, Mr. Chairman, to look at this
question in another light, bearing upon the question
of slavery. What effect will annexation produce
upon this institution in the States of the Union—in
Delaware, Maryland, Virginia, Kentucky, Mis-"
souri, and even in Tennessee? I have said that in
every portion of our country where, from the na-
ture of the soil and climate, free labor can be
brought into fair competition with that of the slave,
the institution must and will eventually give
way, topple and fall. It seems to me that no fact
in philosophy is more susceptible of illustration.
Even since the days of the revolution, the superior
enterprise, energy, and skill of free labor have, as they
have come in contact with the institution of slavery,
been gradually rolling the dark cloud farther and still
farther towards the southern horizon; and I will
here express my belief, that had it not been, for the
misguided efforts of political abolitionists, it would
ere this moment have passed the southern bounda-
ry of the Old Dominion. Yes, sir, I believe, had it
not been for this, laws would now have been in
force, for the gradual emancipation of the slave in
Delaware, Maryland. Kentucky, and Virginia. But,
notwithstanding this impediment, the cause to
which I have adverted has been producing its effect
upon Delaware, Maryland, and Virginia, in each of
which States, though the free population increased
from 1830 to 1840, the number of slaves was con-
siderably decreased. Now, it seems to me, that an-
nexation is calculated, instead of perpetuating
slavery, eventually to lead to its final, its ultimate
extinguishment. What effect will it immediatly
have upon the States I have named? By bringing
Texas into the Union, and by extending our con-
stitution and laws over it, you open at once upon
