3m. 1845.
APPENDIX T^O tttE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
1%
28th Cong 2d Sess.
Annexation of Texas—Mr. Haralson.
H. of Reps.
Texian territory. This fair and equitable proposi-
tion is intended to circumscribe within stiil narrower
relative limits the space allotted to the slaveholding
interest. Has riot the great question once been set-
tled in the case of Missouri? I shall not now pass
my judgment upon the merits of that compromise;
how much of principle was yielded by the South,
or how far it may be binding in its provisions. It
is sufficient for me to say, I am not disposed to dis-
turb it. It has been made, and a parallel of latitude
fixed by mutual agreement; and the controversy as
to geographical extent has been put at rest; and,
above all, I had not supposed that it would
ever be proposed to remove the restrictive
line still farther south. Were it now proposed to
unsettle that line and remove it farther north, such a
proposition would meet with but little countenance
here. Certainly no northern man would consent to
it. I put it, then, to northern gentlemen, as a mat-
ter of palpable justice and right, arid ask them how
they can, with any face, contend to lower this re-
strictive line in Texr.s, while the whole of Oregon,
according; to the Missouri compromise, will belong
to the non-slaveholding Slates? It has been truly
said that, as the Union now stands, the South is
greatly in the minority in regard to extent of terri-
tory, as well as political strength. But, sir, when
the whole northwest is brought in, and our republic
shall extend to the Pacific, in how small a minority
will they then be? We of the South feel that the
North has the strength m numerical force. We
claim, however, our constitutional rights, and with
the blessing of God we intend to maintain them.
We warn you to encroach no farther upon us; and
we ask you to us the evidence that, as a part of this
Union, our rights are to be regarded. The South
has never withheld her just contributions to support
the government in time of peace, or to defend the
country in time of war. Wo little of the opposition
to tins mea°nre is founded in the influence it is sup-
posed it will have on the institution of slavery. In-
deed , it may be said to be the real cause of most of
the opposition. We have been told in so many
words that the object and effect of the measure was
to extend and perpetuate slavery. Not a foot of ter-
ritory will be gained to slavery. It already exists
in Texas. Not a slave will be created. It may be
more diffused—extended over a larger region per-
haps; but the foreign slave trade, by the extension of
our constitution and laws over that country, will
cease there forever—a guaranty against the intro-
duction of slaves into that country from abroad,
which can never be had while Texas is a separate
government. You cannot tell, sir, at what moment
Texas may open her ports to the introduction of
slaves from other countries besides your own. Her
policy may dictate this course to her. But, sir, if
you annex it to the United States, the constitutional
prohibition of the importation of slaves from abroad,
after the year 18Q8, immediately applies. Your
powers do not extend to an interference with the in-
stitution of slavery in any way, save so far as the
prohibition of the foreign slave trade is concerned.
As it now exists in the United States, it is a domes-
tic institution, controlled by the States tolerating it.
In those States, the people have vested in slave
property much of their capital; and will you re-
quire of them to dispose of it before they shall be
allowed to remove to tlie "Wept, in the territory pro-
posed to be acquired? Do the southern States
make any such requirement of emigrants from the
North, in relation to any species of their property?
Our doors have been open to emigrants and settlers
from every quarter of this Union," except those plot-
ters of mischief who come among us with some
fell purpose against our peculiar institutions. When
ihey come with peaceful purpose, they are received,
with all their properly. Not so with the northern
States. We do nor ask you to change your own
domestic policy on this subject. Slave labor is now,
even under our genial sun and climate, and with
our rich and productive soil, sufficiently profitless:
much more so would it be m your northern climate
and less productive soil. There is an adaptation of
climate to slave labor which we cannot alter if we
would. But, sir, while we do not desire to inter-
fere with your policy on this subject, we claim a
like privilege for ourselves, and that all our constitu-
tional rights should be_ observed. While you are
subduing the western forests, and bringing them in-
to the occupancy and dominion of your industrious
and enterprising people, we ask you to share with
the South a part of this great heritage. If slavery,
ai it exists in the southern States, be the evil which
it is represented here, does it comport with a wise
philanthropy to confine it to its present limits, with
its annually increasing, numbers? Texas now tol-
erates slavery; and if it is not supplied from the
United States, it will be from the West Indies and
from Africa, in all probability. It is ideal to expect
the cultivation of suiar and cotton, and other tropi-
cal plants, with free labor alone. "Very few of those
who remove to the South from the northern States
ever engage in agricultural pursuits.
Gentlemen have contended that' the constitution
interposed insuperable obstacles to the accomplish-
ment of this measure. It is worthy of remark, sir,
that this objection is urged mainly by those who, up-
on some particular subjects, were willing to adopt
the widest and most latitudinarian construction of
the constitution—ay, sir, to put it even to the ex-
tent of what has been termed the general-welfare
system, which holds that Congress possesses the
power to do whatever they may judge to be promo-
tive of the general welfare of the country. In their
eye there is authority abundant for the "creation of
a national bank, and for the imposition of duties on
foreign imports, for the protection, as they term it,
of domestic manufactures—partial in its opera-
tion ; and yet they can see no authority in the
constitution for receiving Texas into the Union,
although the constitution expressly declares
that "new States may be admitted by the
Congress into this Union." Upon this sub-
ject they were more than strict constructionists. Ee
it so. Upon the principles of strict construction,
the friends of annexation were ready to meet them,
for we have both the spirit and letter of the consti-
tution sustaining us. it has been contended that
the clause just read, empowering Congress to admit
new States into the Union, applied only to such
States as should be erected within the United States
territory. To this objection there has already
been given a sufficient answer, by several gentlemen
who have engaged in this debate. Another view of
it, however, may not be amiss. A little candid at-
tention to the course of events since 1819, will put
our power to admit Texas, as a State, under this
clause, in the clearest light. Previous to 1819,
Texas belonged to the United Stales: and if she had
then adopted a republican form of government, had
possessed the requisite population, and had submit-
ted her constitution to Congress, would not Congress
have had the right to receive her as a State? Most
certainly. But, by the treaty of 1819, she was
ceded away to Spain in exchange for the Floridas.
Now, if Spain had then retroceded her to the United
States, would we not have had the same right to
annex her? We certainly should. But what did
Spain do? She kept Texas as long as she could—
until Mexico revolted from under her dominion,
with Texas as a part of her territory. Now, then,
Mexico stood upon the same footing as Old Spain,
and all could be done by her in regard to Texas
which Spain could have done. Then came another
revolution. Texas achieved her independence.
The United States recognised it. Spain recognised
it. And Texas now stands precisely in the shoes
of Mexico. All that Spain could at first have done,
could afterwards be done by Mexico: and all that
Mexico could then do, can now be done by Texas.
So that Texas stands at this time precisely as Spam
stood in 1819; and if Spain could then have retro-
ceded Texas to the United .States, Texas can now
retrocede herself to the United States. Sir, we
have all the right to receive, or, if you prefer the
language, to annex Texas now, with her consent,
which we should have had if she had been retroced-
ed immediately after the treaty of 1819. Nor does
it involve any violation of our treaty obligations
with Mexico. This objection has been repeated in
this debate, until I have become anxious that some
gentleman would point us to the article of any treaty
which would be thus violated. Sir, it cannot be
done. Even supposing that we were bound by
treaty not to interfere in any manner in the contest
between Mexico and Texas, so long as Texas was
a province in rebellion, still, if she succeeded in de-
claring and maintaining her independence, with the
recognition of it by us, Spain, England, Prance, and
other great powers, we are absolved from that obliga-
tion; it exists no longer. Shall such an obligation rest
upon us, while other nations do not recognise it, and
are seeking treaty alliances with her, detrimental to
her interests as a nation? This objection was urged,
with little success, before the people, six months
since, and during the last session of Congress. It
is less available now, when Mexico, so far from
being able to subjugate Texas, is torn to pieces by
iter own intestine difficulties,—a wreck, without
helm, rudder, or steersman, and the whole crew in
mutiny. Perhaps, at this hour, Santa Anna may
be in the hands of less merciful conquerors than he
was at San Jacinto. No certainty exists as to the
state of Mexican affairs. We know not who is in
the ascendant. In glorious contrast with this picture,
stands the republic of Texas, with a well organized
republican government—her people in the peaceful
pursuits of ordinary life—her flag proudly waving—
her star brightly shining. Exhausted, it is true,
in lier immediately available resources, but with in-
domitable patriotism and love for free institutions,
proudly maintaining her national existence and in-
dependence, and the orderly administration of her
laws; rejecting proffered alliances by other coun-
tries, and asking only to become reunited with the
country of their birth—the home of their fathers.
It has been objected to this measure, that the
boundaries of Texas were, not defined—that we
should have to assume her debts—and that the price
of land would be reduced. A sufficient answer may
be found to«the two first of these objections, in sev-
eral resolutions which have been reported. More
than one of these resolutions contains a provision,
that, before Texas should-be received, she should
agree that the United States should settle the bound-
ary between her and Mexico; and also a provision
that Texas should retain her own lands, and pay her
own debts. Besides this, in the acquisitisn of terri-
tory by treaty, or otherwise, was such an objection
ever heard of as a fear that the party acquiring
should get too much by the bargain? Let our na-
tion be just, in this and all uther national transac-
tions. It has been so, and, I trust, will ever con-
tinue to be so; for, m such a course only can we
expect the blessing of Heaven upm us as a nation.
If it should turn out that, by receiving the entire
limits of Texas, as defined in her act, we acquired
more territory than we could rightfully hold, hav-
ing a just regard to the rights of other nations, all
that is necessary to be done is to surrender the over-
plus. The Texian act of Congress, approved I' e-
cember 19,1836,1 have little doubt, defines correctly
the boundary of that republic.* If not, any imagi-
nable difficulty may be adjusted if you adopt one of
these resolutions, which provides for the consent of
Texas to our settlement of the bound ;ries.
The latter objection, that it would reduce the
price of lands in the United States, remains to be
considered. It is admitted, sir, that this, in some
degree, would be the result. But whom will it in-
jure? None but the land speculator, the wealthy
capitalist, who had invested his money in land with
the hope and desire that its price might be raised to
the actual settler. The poor man who owned his
little farm and cultivated it by the sweat of his brow,
cares not, and has no reason to care, while he re-
mains upon it and cultivates it, whether larger tracts
of land, owned by his richer neighbor, are held at
two, ten, or fifty dollars per acre. He had as much as
his force enabled him to cultivate; and while he wish-
ed to keep and cultivate it, his interest would not be
affected by the high or low price of land. It might
be said, however, that if he wanted to sell, he must
sell at a reduced price. Admit it. But if the price
of all other lands was reduced in like proportion, he
would be enabled to purchase as much, or more, at
the same price at which he sold, or perhaps less.
So that it would only be the extensive landholder
who would suffer any injury. Should the price of
land he reduced one-half, the mass of the commu-
nity, the thousands who are in poor or middling
circumstances, would all rejoice, and the blessing of
the country at large would far surpass the in jury.
And ought we not, as legislators, to direct our eyes
to the good of the many, and not of the few—to the
benefit of the masses, and not of the wealthy alone?
Northern gentlemen opposing this measure have
accused those from the North who were not dispos-
ed to be governed by their notions, as crouching to
the lash of the South, and have warned them of tha
fate of those in the North who favored the Missouri
compromise. Sir, the first and only threats that
have been used here ha*e come from the North, to
northern gentlemen who were bold and patriotic
enough to obey their consciences, and the best in-
terests of their country, by voting with the South
on this question. These threats will meet the con-
xThe Texian act above alluded to, defines her boundaries
as follows: "Beginning at the mouth of the Sabine river
and running west along the Gulf of Mexico three leagues
fiom land, to the mouth of the Rio Grande; thence up the
principal stream of said river to its source; thence due
north to the forty-second decree of north latitude; thence
along the boundary line as defined in the treaty betw een ths
Vnited States and Spain, to the beginning,"
