196
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL-GLOBE.
28th Cong 2d Sess.
Annexation of Texas—Mr. Woodward.
tempt they deserve; and every independent repre-
sentative will discharge his duty to the whole coun-
try, regardless of such language, and with a just ap-
preciation of the motives which prompted it.
Arguments have been addressed to our fear&.
The horrors of war, with Mexico and with England,
have'been depicted. One gentleman [Mr. Severance,
of "Maine,] here in this hall, in this House of the
people's representatives, asks whether we are sure
England will permit the annexation of Texas. Wiil
England permit it! Sir, long since the banner which
our fathers raised, settled that question. The men of
'76 decided whether England was to dictate rules for
our national conduct. The battles of the revolution
answer the gentleman's question; and if she dare
interfere with this or any other just policy of this
country, the voice spoken to her at Yorktown in
thunder tones, and which was not then misunder-
stood, shall be repeated; that we intend to exercise
the the privilege of judging for ourselves, and that
we bow to the dictation of no power on earth. The
language, as well as the sentiment, of th ?gentleman
who asked the question, is humiliating to the char-
acter of the American Congress. It is not the first
time we have heard the like in this hall. I fear, sir,
there are those here who better represent the inter-
ests of Mexico and England,'.than they do that of
our own country. It has often been rung in our
ears, "Mexico must be consulted;" "Mexico must
give her assent;" and now, forsooth, England must
be consulted! England must give her assent! And
so I suppose, sir, the message must go round to all
the courts of Europe, and we are to take no public
step until we have obtained the previous permission
of all the nations of the world. Let peace be pre-
served if it can be done consistently with national
honor; but if war should come of our refusal to ob-
tain the permission of any other power than of
Texas and ourselves, let it come! We should not
deserve the heritage bequeathed to us were we to
crouch to the dictation of every nation, or were we to
consult other nations as to the policy we should
pursue, if it is true that Texas is an independent
State; if the battle of San Jacinto broke her chains,
and gave her a position among the nations of the
earth; if it is true that, for nine years, "no hostile
foot has rested upon her soil," whom are we to con-
sult, and whose assent are we to obtain but that of
Texas and our own people? Let us but open the
door, and Texas will come in. As evidence of it,
I give you the language of the gallant Houston, in
his valedictory address to his countrymen. It
breathes a spirit which shows that he and his asso-
ciates still remember with affection the land of their
birth, and look with dignified anxiety to a partici-
pation in the blessings of our free institutions.
While his national pride is touched at the rejection
of his countrymen from the embraces of their an-
cient friends and beloved kinsmen, he advises them
to stand firm in their independence. And yet he
shows how sincerely solicitous Texians are for an-
nexation with the land of the "broad stripes and
bright stars." He says:
"The attitude of Texas, now, to my apprehension is one
of peculiar interest. The United States have spurned her
twice already. Let her therefore maintain her position
firmly, as it is, and work out her own political salvation.
Let her legislation proceed upon the supposition that we ore
to be, and remain, an independent people, if 'J exas goes
begging again for admission into the United States, she
will only degrade herself- they will-spurn her again from
their thrcshhold, and other nations will look on her with
unmingled pity; let Texas, therefore, maintaining position.
If the United States shall open the door, and ask her to come
mtothe great family of State;, you will then have other
conductors, better than myself, to lead you into a union
With the beloved land from which we have sprung—the
land of 'the broad stripes and bright stars.' But let us be
as we are until the opportunity is presented, and then let us
£0 in, if at all. united in one phalanx, and sustained liy the
opinion of the world."
The hour allotted to me, I find, Mr. Chairman, is
about to close. I should have been pleased to have
enlarged these views, answered other objections,
and to have presented some of the advantages which
this country would derive from the proposed union
of the two countries—especially in a military and
commercial point of view. If we annex it, we
shall have no war on that account. The cry of war
is intended to operate on the fears of the timid. Sir,
it will afford no just cause of war. The acquisition
of that country would strengthen our national de-
fences, extend our commerce, and increase the
market for our manufactures. It would spread still
wider our free institutions.
If I were a Texian, I should hesitate, before
merging the national existence of that republic, af-
ter the expenditure of so much blood and treasure
Jan. 184$,
H. of Reps.
in -tlie purchase of freedom and independence; but,
as a citizen of the United States, I am ready to
throw wide my arms, and welcome a brave and kin-
dred people to my heart, and to a cordial, free, and
full participation of all the rights and blessings of
the American Union.
SPEECH OF MR. WOODWARD,
of south carolina,
In the House of Representatives, January 25, 1845—
On the propositions for the annexation of Texas
to the Union.
Mr. Chairman: From my frequent efforts to ob-
tain the floor, it might be inferred that I supposed
myself capable of advancing something of peculiar
interest and importance on the subject before the
committee. But I can say, conscientiously, that I
have desired to address the committee more from a
sense of duty, than from any pride of opinion—du-
ty to my constituents, whose feelings on this sub-
ject are so deep and intense, that 1 have felt con-
strained to make every effort to be heard on then-
behalf.
The opposition to annexation rests in most in-
stances, upon the ground of supposed want of con-
stitutional authority; and I am far from believing
insincere all who base their opposition upon con-
scientious scruples as to power. I intend to restrict
my argument to this question. Had I obtained the
floor at an earlier stage of the debate, it was my
purpose to present a direct and affirmative argument,
irrespective of what I supposed to be the errors sf
other speakers. The limited space of an hour does
not afford sufficient time, even for this strict meth-
od. But, sir, a certain uniform mode of viewing the
question has become so inveterate, and certain
phraseologies (delusive, as 1 tuist will appear) so
perfectly stereotyped in the minds of many, that I
deem it necessary to devote much of my time (per-
haps the greater part) to answering objections and
clearing up obscurities.
But, Mr. Chairman, before I proceed in regular
order, I must ask the committee to listen to a remark
or two on a single point, in relation to which the
popular mind of the free States has been grossly
abused, and the deepest prejudices wickedly excited.
I allude, sir, to the notorious "Missouri Compro-
mise," as it is called. What was the nature of that
settlement' Did it, in fact, contain anything of com-
promise or mutual concession? Was there a single
feature of the kind? I affirm, sir, there was not. To
possess the character of compromise, for the con-
cessions made on our part, something should have
been conceded to us. When it prohibited slave
States north of the designated line, it should, at the
same time have prohibited free States south of the
line. This would have been just and reciprocal.
Each class of States would thus have had set apart
to it its appropriate division of the general domain.
What before was held by them m equal shares of an
undivided whole, would now have been held m sep-
arate shares of a divided whole. But let us see how
the matter stands. Non-slavery is made necessary
in States north of the line of compromise, and, at
the same time, is legally admissible on this side of
the line; whereas slavery is forever prohibited on
the north side, and is yet allowed no advantages
over non-slavery on the south side. The free States
continue to enjoy all their original enlargement,
throughout the enure Union, while they have exclu-
sive possession of one of its divisions. Slave States
are excluded from that division, and enjoy only a di-
vided privilege in the other. And what do gentle-
men now propose? To restore to us our equal priv-
ileges under the constitution? No, sir. But to use
this government, which they seem to forget is ours
as much as theirs, to impose new restraints and new
disabilities upon us. Whence comes the right of
one section of this Union to make such demands
upon the other? Is not this our own government?
Why should it enthral and stigmatize us? And shall
we He supinely and receive a mark by which, if
found north of a certain latitude, we fall under the
denunciations of law, and into the hands of police?
All we ask, say gentlemen, is a fair compromise.
Pair compromise! Sir, your notion of compromise
would find an apt illustration in the conduct of an
individual, who should make the following proposal
to his neighbor: "My friend, 1 desire to live on
terms of good neighborhood and cordial intercourse
with you, and to participate with you in a free and
generous hospitality; that is, m your own house.
It must be well understood, however, you are not to
presume to cross my threshold."
But, Mr. Chairman, I hasten to the question of
constitutional authority to admit Texas into this
federal Union; and in prosecuting this argument
two principal inquiries arise:
First. Can a people, 'external to the original lim-
its of the national territory, be admitted into the
Union at all, by any authority in the government;
and,
Secondly. If such a people may, in what depart-
ment or branch of our government resides the pow-
er applicable to the measure.
It is self-evident that every State that is not in the
Union is out of-it; and is, therefore, foreign to it, in
a social and political sense. All must agree, then",
that some foreign States can be admitted, if any
State at all can. But this is not the question. The
question is, do States, geographically foreign to the
national domain, properly come under the descrip-
tion of "new States," in the constitution? ■
The first inquiry, then, relates to the just import
of the phrase "new States," subject to such con-
temporaneous exposition as the example of emi-
nent statesmen and jurists has made authoritative.
The passage in the constitution is as follows: "New
States may be admitted by the Congress into this
Union," &c. I shall not repeat the views that have
been urged with so much ability on this point, but
content myself with adding thereto some that have
occurred to myself, and will not, I trust, be deemed
unimportant.
The term "new States" is a general term, op-
posed to the term "primitive States;" and, in its
natural construction, is comprehensive of all States
not primitive. It suggests to the mind no third
class of States, as being neither new nor primitive.
It includes in its expression no description of a
community inhabiting internal territory, as con-
tradistinct from a community inhabiting external
territory; but applies with identical propriety to
both. The only suggestion it conveys to the
mind, when referred to external communities,
is the probability that the framers of the consti-
tution did not suppose that the neighboring
provinces would ever be admitted, without contract-
ing their areas, readjusting boundaries, and divid-
ing one original people into two or more new States.
The neighboring provinces likely to apply for ad-
mission were large. And all know that, although,
under the confederation, no objection was made to
the size of any State, and Canada, large as she is,
was made admissible without division of territory,
yet, at the formation of the new constitution, the rel-
ative size of the States excited very deep interest;
and no proposition could have received less favor
with the convention than one to admit Canada,
(Great Britain consenting, of course,) with her im-
mense domain, as one State. Nothing can be more
certain than that the old province would have been
required to erect herself into five or six new'States.
Nor would she now be received, if at all, on dif-
ferent terms—supposing her competent to dispose of
herself. These reflections, however, give still greater
propriety to the word "new," as alike applicable to
all States that might in future be admitted into the
Union. If, looking around upon the neighboring
provinces, and legarding them as they are, great
masses, capable, each, of being erected into many
States, as large as the largest of the. Union, the fed-
eral convention entertained the purpose of provid-
ing for their becoming part of this Union, how
would they have expressed the power? "The
neighboring provinces may be admitted into the
Union?" or—"new States may be admitted into the
Union?" Unless you suppose they anticipated the,
admission of each province as one mammoth State,
I contend the former language would have been
positively incorrect. If it was the conception of the
framers of the constitution that Canada and our
wild domains should alike be subdivided, with a
view to the formation of States, then the same term
should have been used for both; and none could have
been better chosen than that of "new States." It is vain,
therefore, to attempt to evade the force of these
words. They must inevitably convey to Congress
a perfect discretion in the matter, unless proofs from
collateral sources should operate to impair their
force. And the burden of such proofs rest not upon
my shoulders, hut yours. But I will take it on
myself to move the only objection that could be
fairly extracted from the proceedings of the conven-
tion.
It may be argued that, as Canada and othf r colo-
nies were named in the articles of confederation, to
omit to mention them in the new constitution was
calculated to produce an impression that they, were
