Jan. 1845.
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
1*97
28th Cong 2d Sess.
■Annexation of Texas—Mr. Woodward,
H. of Reps.
not intended to be covered by the power in question;
and if the convention meant not to convey such an
impression, why did they' not connect with the
words "new States" some language suitable to pre-
vent it? This argument is well answered by its
converse proposition, Canada being named in the
articles, the natural expectation was, she would be
provided for in the constitution; and if the conven-
tion meant otherwise, it was an unaccountable over-
sight not to say so in express terms. But I am free
to admit, that upon a close and thorough examina-
tion of the proceedings in convention, there appears
some evidence of a disposition to let the matter of
new States pass, without employing more definite
language. And 1 should not venture to intimate
there was a slight savor of noncommittal in the con-
vention, if it were not in my power to find, not only
an explanation, but a peifect justification, in their
wisdom and patriotism.
None but British colonies were included in the ar-
ticles of confederation. We were at war with Great
Britain. But, at the adoption of the new constitu-
tion, peace had been ratified between her and the
United Slates. Now, suppose the language of the
constitution had been, "new States formed of our
own territory, and of the neighboring colonies of
France, Spam, and Great Britain, may be admitted
into this Union?" Suppose Canada, Nova Scotia, and
New Brunswick, belonging' to a friendly power, had
been called by name? What would the woild have
thought? Would not so direct an invitation and
inducement to revolt and fly to the United States for
aid, held out to neighboring colonies by name, in
pointed and proclamatory language, have amounted
to a violation of the laws of nations, and to just
cause of war? Such a provision in the constitution
as 1 have described, connected with that other pro-
vision winch requires of the United States a guar-
anty of a republican form of government to each
State, would have placed our Union befors the
world in the light of a political propaganda, whose
object was, not merely to enlarge our own posses-
sions and domain, but also to uproot and overthrow
all that was deemed sacred and legitimate in the
Old World. In consequence of the loss of the thir-
teen, Great Britain was suffering great solicitude for
her remaining colonies, as also was Spain for hers;
and subsequent events have shown that Spain's
were no idle fears. Was it likely that the United
States were willing, so soon, to hazard a second
war.' They had just emerged from a disastrous
conflict—-their people were few, and overwhelmed
with debt and embarrassment, discontented, insub-
ordinate, seditious—the national government was
bankrupt in purse and power—the Union threaten-
ed with momentary dissolution. Under such cir-
cumstances, foreign collisions were not to be dream-
ed of. And yet the convention had a most delicate
task to perform. While they sought to avoid of-
fence towards other nations, they, at the same time,
foresaw that, in process of time, the colonies in our
neighborhood would grow too stout for the mother
countries, and, under the inevitable influence of our
example, would eventually become independent
States; and thus surrounded by contiguous repub-
lics in a state of disunion with us, we should again
be exposed to all the incalculable ills which, in the
Jciuguage of Mr. Madison, it was "the immediate"
object of the constitution to prevent. Foreseeing
these dangers, the convention did not fail to provide
a remedy. They doubtless desired very much to
occasion no injury to other nations; but, at the
same time, they resolved to secure their own domes-
tic peace and welfare.
But iet me not be misunderstood. I do not mean
that the constitution contains anything which, fully
developed, amounts to a just cause of war with
other nations. Far from it. As I before said, the
course of the convention in this particular reflects
equal credit uf on their patriotism and their wisdom.
The power to admit new States into the Union
does not address itself to a colony, or province, or
a dependency as such, while the undisputed proper-
ty of some other nation. Before a dependency
could rightfully make an appeal to this power, it
must have ceased to be a dependency, the lawful
property of another, and become a new political be-
ing. It mast have undergone a social, legal and
political transformation; become its own master- capa-
ble of contracting, by the laws of nations ' The
convention had no thought of erecting a sanctuary
for refugee provinces; of unyoking such as might
wj^h to be admitted into the Union. The object of
the power is not to make States independent, but
simply to admit independent States into the Union.
Not so in relati'n to Canada, under the confedera-
tion. The provision for reseiving her was a war
measure, directed against a public enemy, to weaken
him and strengthen ourselves. And, as I have al-
ready intimated, a like provision in the constitution
would have been an act of offence and aggression.
The power, in the present constitution, is of a far
different nature. It is a peaceful power. Its offices
and purposes lie between free and independent
States, as to the rest of the world; between whom
other nations have no right to interfere. And yet, I
repeat, the convention had a most delicate task to
perform. Fpr though the peaceful nature of the
power were well understood by the world, it would
naturally be supposed that, obeying the usual in-
stinct of nations, we would net be over scrupulous
in seizing upon plausible pretexts for exerting it.
And even in its faithful, honest use, it is calculated,
in no very remote degree, to affect the hopes and ex-
pectations of a neighboring people, disposed to
strike for independence. This the framers of the
constitution saw; or, rather, felt—situated as they
were. And, although they could not, for a mo-
ment, think of omitting the power, yet they must
have been strongly indisposed to advertise it to the
world.
After considering well what has been said, let any
one undertake, in imagination, to improve the lan-
guage of the constitution. He will see how difficult
it was for the fiamers of the constitution to say
enough without saying too much. They had, truly,
to take their pound of flesh without shedding a drop
of blood.
I have thus, Mr. Chairman, shown" the commit-
tee, by considerations of resistless force, why the
framers of the constitution, supposing they meant
to extend the power to external territory, could not,
yet, for a moment, have thought of designating, by
name, the neighboring colonies. Will gentlemen,
now, be good enough to show why, if they meant to
exclude foreign territory, they did not say so in ex-
press terms? Not one reason can be imagined! But
there are reasons to the very contrary. The ques-
tion was made, and a party were for the restricted
power; and if that party had prevailed, they would
have seen that the language of the constitution
should indicate the fact.
_ It therefore appears the argument on the other
side is to get no help from contemporaneous facts
and exposition.
But more special objections having failed, we are,
as a last resort, met with the rule of strict construc-
tion. I think I shall be able to show that that rule
cannot apply to the present case. The rule applies
to the regular, enumerated, governmental powers,
taken from the States and allotted to the federal gov-
ernment, in its different departments, for the trans-
action of the ordinary current business of govern-
ment and administration. The power to admit new
parties into the compact of union, is not a govern-
ment power, either legislative, judicial, or executive.
It is a power sui generis in its nature, distinct from
all others known to government; standing by itself
in the constitution, without fellowship with other
powers. Intended for no ordinary vulgar business
of government and administration, it was expected
to lie in repose throughout long periods of time, and
then come foi th to meet some great emergency of
nations. Before applying an ordinary rule of ordi-
nary affairs to an anomalous power like this, it
would be well to deliberate. Let us consider the
matter for a moment.
The union between the States was a remedial meas-
ure. In its origin, it sprang from no views of pos-
itive good or advantage. Such views were doubt-
less recommendations, but did not operate as causes.
The causes of union lay in the apprehension of
momentous evils—discord, turmoil, anarchy, war,
among the States. All these evils our fathers sum-
med up in the word disunion. If you look into the
Federalist, you will find that the reasons and aigu-
ments that lay at the bottom of the constitution,
and produced both that and the articles of the con-
federation, consisted in a contemplation of the dan-
ger of neighboring republics, existing in a state of
disunion. Grecian history was ransacked to find
illustrations of the incalculable and inevitable dan-
gers of such a state of things. Dangers from
abioad, dangers from jealousies and collisions at
home, dangers from the insidious interference of
foreign powers, weie the burden of Mr. Hamilton's
appeals to the patriotic men of the country. Neigh-
boring States, said he, after Mably, are the natural
enemies of each other. The States, "disunited,
will live in perpetual war, of in the continual dread
of it." The articles of confederation declared the
"Union should be perpetual." The new constitu-
tion sought to make "a more perfect Union." {t
provided for its own amendment, but not for a re-
peal of the Union. The confederacy would not
imagine its own death. I contend, therefore, that
all presumption is in favor of the principle of union,
as a general idea, between the States and all contig-
uous republican States. Now, the power in ques-
tion js to give effect and operation to this general
idea. It is an extra-governmental power, relating
to no function, office, or faculty, springing from the
Union, but having all its concern about those pri-
mordeal causes from which the Union itself sprang.
And this was the profound conception of Mr. Mad-
ison, when, in reply to the objection against the ex-
tent of country, he said:
"The immediate object of th« constitution is. to secure
the union of the thirteen primitive States, which we know
to be practicable, and to add to them such other States _ as
may arise in their bosoms, or in their neighborhoods, which
we can not doubt to he equally practicable."
We have law-making powers, treaty-making
powers, constitution-making powers; and here we
have a union-making power.
It would seem, therefore, that the rule of strict
construction is not the reasonable rule, since dis-
union between Kentucky and Texas is fraught with
the same dangers as between Kentucky and New-
York. The arguments for union apply, alike, in
both cases. Indeed, unless Texas be admitted,
disunion already exists among the North Amer-
ican Republics; threatening us with all the
calamities calculated to flow from such a state of
things.
I must not, however, be understood to mean that
there arc no considerations that should operate to
limit the number and enlargement of the States;
such as bordering deserts, or mountain barriers,
where the Union had already greatly extended its
domain. I mean no more than what I undertook to
show; that prior to such considerations, the pre-
sumption would favor the admission of the new-
State, and that the authority of Congress to admit i3
limited only by its discretion.
While, therefore, the language of the constitu-
tion is broad and comprehensive, contemporaneous
history and construction and a just view of the
causes that led to the Union go conclusively to
show that it is no broader or more comprehen-
sive, in point of fact, than it was intended it should
be.
If, then, it be conceded that the admission of a
State external to the original limits of the Union
be, in itself, constitutional, the question next arises,
where resides the authority in this government to
consummate the measure?
And when I look into the constitution and see it
there provided, "That new States may be admitted
by the Congress into this Union," 1 am struck with
amazement that any question should ever have been
made about the matter. But the question is made,
and gravely argued, too; and there is no alternative
but to meet it.
And I shall proceed to argue this point, by first
remarking that one all-pervading misconception
seems to have prevailed throughout the discussion
on this floor. This government has been made the
active, and Texas the passive party. Gentlemen
have spoken continually of our power to "annex
Texas," to "acquire Texas," &c., and the power of
Texas to assent to the act; and the question is made
between our treaty-making power and our legisla-
tive power, as if there were no third power in the
question. This way of viewing the subject, it seems
to me, is fatally met by the critical remark of my
friend from Vermont, [Mr. Collamer,] "that you
take jurisdiction over Texas, in order to get juris-
diction over her." But the ingenious mind.ot' my
friend cannot hesitate to admit, that the whole force
of his criticism is entirely evaded by the following
propositions:
The power that is to place Texas in the Union
is wholly and absolutely in herself. We, strictly-
speaking, have no power in the matter, but only an
authority to consent. We may declare that consent,
again and again, and still Texas does not move a
peg towards the Union. She remains out by as ob-
stinate a vis inerlim as though oui consent had not
been given. It is when her independent will acts,
that she moves; and it is by the ratification and
apoption, in her sovereign capacity, of the constitu-
tion, that the act of union is brought about. To
this act of union (the direct and naked act of union)
our government bears, ncce sarily, a passive, per-
