198
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
Jan. 1845,
28th Cong 2d Sess.
Annexation of Texas—Mr. Woodward.
H. of Reps.
' The' whole act flows from the
What is the tiling to be done?
missive relation.
power of Texas.
Let us inquire.1
It is most extraordinary that so much should
have been said over and over again, about a com-
pact of union between Texas and Congress, or be-
tween-Texas and the treaty-making power—between
"two great nations.". Sir, there, is no proposition of
union between Texas and Congress, or the treaty-
making power, or between two great nations. Her
union will be with the other twenty-six States of the
confederacy—and that, not by a compact now to be
made, but one made long ago; for the compact is an
old one; it is even the constitu tion of the United States.
And the inquiry is, first, can other parties lawfully
sign the covenant, (which question the first part of
my argument disposed of;) and, secondly, who is
authorized to assent to the act. As to who performs
the act, I presume there is now no question that the
party to be bound alone can do that; for just as
Virginia or North Carolina, by her own independent
will and free agency, became a party to this com-
pact, so Texas now, or the State that may come in
a thousand years hence; will, independent of all
help, do the same thing, in the self-same manner—
Congress consenting. But there is no mixture of
authority or act between Texas and ourselves; all
the consent is ours; all the ratification and adoption
is hers.
But it is already suspected that I have overlooked
an important matter. I shall be reminded that, ac-
companying the act by which the new State comes
under the constitution, and stands in union with the
previous States, there are certain provisions in the
form of terms and incidents; and that the settlement
of tiles'; terms and incidents is matter of treaty. I
utterly deny that such provisions are, in any sense,
a treaty. I hold the contrary to be as demonstra-
ble as any proposition in Euclid. But let it be con-
ceded it is a treaty, and 1 have only to remind gen-
tlemen of the fact that the framers of the constitu-
tion have given to Congress the power to make
that particulai treaty by which a "new State is ad-
mitted into the Union," as they might have given
the whole treaty-making power, if they had thought
proper to do so. And having authority to admit,
Congress has a discretion to admit or not admit the
new State. Now, terms and incidents address
themselves to this discretion; and where the dis-
cretion is, there, also, must be the power to decide
upon these terms and incidents. Who but Con-
gress herself can know how this or that thing will
affect her own discretion? How could Congress
conceive a purpose from an impulse in the bosom of
the President and Senate, or draw a conclusion from
ideas in their mind? Preposterous! You might as
reasonably set two men to making the same syllo-
gism—one to perceive the premises without know-
ing any thing of the conclusion, the other to draw
the conclusion without knowing anything of the
premises.
Nor can any rule of strict construction be applied
to restrict the power of Congress in this matter.
The rule of specific enumeration'and strict con-
struction does not apply to questions of power
between the different departments of government,
but between the different sovereignties—the States
and the federal government. Between the depart-
ments of the federal government the rule of distri-
bution is extremely loose, and powers are greatly
mixed and interchanged; so much so, that Mr.
Hamilton says, in The Federalist, that the maxim,
as to separation of departments, amounts to no
more than that the "whole of the legislative power
shall not be given to the executive; the whole of the
judicial to the legislative," &c. And Mr. Webster,
in an able discussion of this subject, says, in lan-
guage still stronger than that of Mr. H., that, so
unsettled and indefinite is the rule, as to what
specific powers belong to what department—"that
the mere denomination of the department does not
confer on that department any powers whatever."
It would be most unreasonable, therefore, as well as
repugnant to authority, to apply the strict rule here.
But suppose it should be applied: what have we to
fear from it? I am sure the constitution grants "all
powers necessary and proper," &c.; and those who
will look at the immense mass and variety of con-
structive power resulting legitimately from the au-
thority to "establish post offices and post roads,"
(a constructive power, by which you institute a
great cabinet officer with some twelve^ thousand
subordinates, and commit to the penitentiary or the
gallows the people of the States for breach , of post
office laws,) will readily admit, that the most rigid
construction would be sufficiently liberal to admit
an hundred times the power sought by us in the
present instance. But the rule of strict construction
professed by the State-rights party is, in truth, a
rule of great liberality; 'while that of the consolidation
party is one of gross perversion and falsification: and,
as such, we condemn it.
But let all this go for nothing. I shall proceed
now to show, that if the constitution had simply
provided for the admissibility of States, without
saying by what authority, the power would have
naturally lodged itself just where the constitution
has placed it—in Congress—and not with the treaty-
making authorities. The power is in no sense a
treaty power, nor is the subject such as the treaty
power could ever act upon.
The received definition' of a treaty is this: "A
contract between sovereignties, which has the force
of law, but derives its obligation from good faith."
This definition is unobjectionable; but, as great as-
tuteness has been attempted, some how, to twist
and distort the matter, I shall subject it to a short
analysis.
The term contract must be taken in a proper
sense. There must not be mere reciprocal acts—
the one done by one several party, the other by the
other several party; and it does not help the matter
that these several acts of separate poweis are mu-
tual consideration of each other. The act must be
joint to be a treaty. Congress may make a law re-
specting British imports, in consequence of a law
made by Great Britain respecting American imports;
and though we may intend to repeal ours as soon as
Great Britain has repealed hers, yet there is no trea-
ty; and it makes no difference that such, our legisla-
tion, resulted from authentic official information
communicated to the President by the British min-
ister, and by the President laid before Congress.
The President continually lays before us such infor-
mation; and we frequently found legislation upon it.
And although, in all such cases, there is a manifest
understanding between the two nations, yet there is
no iredty. Legislation for the purpose of reciproci-
ty, partakes no more of treaty than legislation for
the purpose of retaliation. The act must be one
and joint to be a treaty. The treaty-making power
of one nation cannot act oxcept in connection with
the same power of another nation. In strictness, it
is but a semi-power, belonging wholly to neither.
We have treaty-making authorities, and England
has treaty-making authorities, but the power resides
among them as a body; and, taken ui a body, they
constitute a sort of international legislature, from
which s\)tclal international laws proceed, binding on
those making them, and no others.
The treaty-making authority, properly speaking,
has no exclusive jurisdiction whatever. There is no
right of the citizen connected with our foreign rela-
tions, that Congress has not jurisdiction to legislate
for. If Great Britain should, by act of Parliament,
commit it to the discretion of the United States to reg-
ulate the matter of right of search, boundaries, navi-
gation, or any other matter between the two coun-
tries, the treaty-making power here could not claim
to exclude Congress from these subjects; hut, on the
contrary, Congress could, and would necessarily,
exclude the treaty authorities. Thedefcct of jurisdic-
tion in Congress does not relate to the subject-matter,
but to the foreign person; who, by interposing an
equivalent authority, contravenes the action of Con-
gress, and thus makes an occasion for treaty, and
puts in requisition the treaty-making power. So that,
whether our treaty-making power is to be resorted
to or not, depends upon what the other nation does.
And I lay it, down that the treaty power holds no
jurisdiction as matter of right, but as matter of ne-
cessity. That as this necessity reccdes, the exclu-
sive jurisdiction of Congress advances. And if the
necessity should cease, as foreign nations might
cause it to do, our treaty power would become
functus officio. That is, if other nations should con-
sent that the United States might regulate all mat-
ters of right and intercourse between their people
and ours, Congress would at once oust and supplant
the whole treaty-making authority. The treaty-
making authority holds its jurisdiction in respect of
the rights of other nations, and not our own; and
the waiver of these rights dispenses with its juris-
diction. But to return to the definition of a treaty.
Because no one ever disputed the point in Europe,
no writer ever thought it necessary to state that a
third characteristic of a treaty is this: that its sanc-
tion is the ultima ratio of nations—war.
Nor was it ever supposed that a difference of opin-
ion could exist as to whether it was not a further
peculiarity of a treaty, that it is utterly incapable of
acting on the body politic. It determines rules of
right and of intercourse between sovereign States,
but never reaches the person of the sovereign. It
cannot make a constitution or social compact, or de-
termine the law of structure and organization. The
contract by which sovereignties unite themselves
into one, and agree to exerci^ their Sovereignty to-
gether, as in this confederacy, is a social compact, a
constitution, a law of structure and anatomy—not a
treaty.
I submit, then, defying all scrutiny, these are the
indispensable attributes of every treaty:
1. It must result from the joint agencies of States,
and cannot result from reciprocal or alternate ac-
tion.
2. It must derive its obligation from good faith,
and not any paramount authority.
3. Its sanction is the ultima latio of nations—
war.
4. It cannot affect the constitution of a State—the
organic law; the law of structure.
All must agree that the act by which Texas be-
comes a party to the constitution—by which she
ratifies a social compact—modifies her social struc-
ture—the treaty power cannot perform. I should
suppose Texas will act by a convention of her
people. Supposing the entire government incompe-
tent, much more the treaty power.
The further inquiry for us is whether the treaty-
making authority shall prescribe the terms on which
Congress shall exercise its discietion of admitting
Texas into the Union. Now these terms and inci-
dental regulations take no effect on Texas out of the
Union, even though she/ should sanction them.
They have no operation or force except in conse-
quence of the direct act of annexation. They are
inoperative until the foreign relation has ceased, nor
do they cause the foreign relation to cease. That
relation ceases by the direct act of union, performed
by Texas herself. Nothing, therefore, results from
any joint act of the two parties, Texas and Con-
gress.
Moreover, these terms of unconsent, on the part
of Congress, when they have, in consequence of
union, taken effect, operate as municipal law upon
the people and property of Texas, and consequent-
ly derive their obligation, not from good faith, but
paramount legislative authority.
But further: they will be cognizable as internal
law in all the judicial tribunals of the country, and
enforced by marshals, sheriffs, and bailiffs, under the
usual pains and penalties of the law—not by war;
and if there he any provisions incapable of such
adjudication and enforcement, it will result from
some internal feature of our institutions. The pro-
lision, for instance, that Texas shall have two repre-
sentatties in Congress, could not be enforced; but
the case is the same with the present States. In
this particular we have an arbitrary power as a
House of Representatives, for the abuse of which
there is no remedy but the ballot-box.
I think, therefore, I have shown what I engaged
to show: if the constitution had simply provided
for the admission of new States, without stating by
what authority it should be done, the power would
have lodged itself precisely where the constitution
has placed it—in the Congress; the treaty-making
power being in all respects utterly incompetent to
lay hands upon the matter.
Mr. Chairman, there is one objection to the ad-
missibility of Texas into the Union, the answer to
which I have thought proper to reserve until I got
through with the general argument. It was ad-
vanced by the gentleman from Maryland, [Mr.
Kennedy,] and produced great sensation among his
political friends, and may with propriety be styled
the argument of the opposition, ftis as follows: that
to admit a foreign State would be inconsistent with
that provision of the constitution which requires a
senator to have been a citizen of the United Stages
nine years before his election; wherefore the framers
of the constitution could not have intended that for-
eign States should be admitted.
It has been said in reply, you cannot snake a pro-
hibition to a State destroy an express grant to Con-
gress; and that, if possible, both provisions should
be construed so as to stand. This answer will not
serve. It lays down the correct rule of judicial con-
struction where there are admitted repugnances in
the law or constitution. But the gentleman from
Maryland does not admit any repugnance. Indeed,
that is just what he denies. The argument is, that
the nine years of citizenship of a senator is incom-
[ patible with the admission of a foreign Slate;-and
