200
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
Jan/1845*.
28th Cong 2d Sess.
Annexation of Texas—Mr. Cobb.
H. af Reps.
er, by his compensation, is placed far above the
private citizen. Why, sir, your best farmers,
who labor from sun to sun, aided by their
sons, their wives, and their daughters, with
assiduous industry and rigid economy cannot do
more than obtain a respectable support. Our me-
chanics, too, who labor with unremitting energy,
and practice the most rigid system of expenditure,
can realize but little beyond their immediate wants;
whilst there are thousands in the employ of gov-
ernment whose salaries enable them to live in a
style of royal splendor, surrounded^by all the para-
phernalia of luxury and wealth. This is wrong.
It is contrary to the spirit and genius of our govern-
ment; and, if not altered, will ehange its whole form
and character from that of a plain, simple republic
to a gilded aristocracy, or at least will tend very
much to that result.
Retrenchment is the order of the day. Your
State legislatures have been compelled to adopt it.
The officers of all the States have been made
to conform to it. Individuals are practising
strict economy; it has reached every condition and
circumstance in life except the offices of the gene-
ral government; and public sentiment will not rest
satisfied until a radical reform has visited every .ram-
ification of this government—from the highest to
the lowest office in it.
One more remark, Mr. Chairman, and I have done.
There is no one more desirous than 1 am of having
the respect and friendship of those with whom I as-
sociate. Nor is there any who would feel more
sensibly than I, a merited reproach of my conduct;
but when I have decided in- my own mind upon
questions of public duty, I am wholly indifferent
to censure in the discharge of that duty; and the
appellation of demagogue, so unsparingly applied to
all who do not come up to certain gentleman's notions
of liberality, has no terrors for me, nor will it cause
me to swerve a single hair's breadth from the line of
duty which 1 have prescribed for myself upon
questions of this character.
SPEECH OF MR. COBB,
OS GEORGIA.
In the House of Representatives, January 22, 1845.—
On the joint resolutions from the Committee on
Foreign Affairs, for the annexation ofTexas.
Mr. COBB commenced by remarking that there
had not occurred, for a long period of time, in the
history of this government, a subject so full of in-
terest to every portion #f this Union as that now
before the committee. However it might be in the
districts from which other gentlemen came, (and into
that he should not inquire further than was necessa-
ry for the purpose of his argument,) in Georgia
there was but one voice on the subject of annexa-
tion. There might indeed be, here and there, a sol-
itary instance of dissent; but the great body of the
population, without party distinction, and with a
unanimity of feeling heretofore unparalleled tn the
history of that State, were in favor of annexing
Texas to the "Union. Were it necessary, he (Mr.
C.) might go further, and he should be warranted in
saying that a similar feeling pervaded the entire
people of,the United States. Assuming this, he
proposed to consider the question in two of its as-
pects only. The first question was, whether Con-
gress could be satisfied that that it was the will of
the American people that the proposed union should
be consummated, and consummated now? Second-
ly, whether they possesed the constitutional power
to carry out the clearly expressed opinion of the
people?
And was it possible, on either of these points,
there could be one dissenting voice on that floor?
To those who denied either of these positions, he
(Mr. C.) had nothing to say. The remarks he in-
tended to make, he should address to such gentle-
men as admitted both. There were such in that
House, and the gentleman from New York, who
had just taken his seat, was one of them. To him
Mr. C. would adress an argument which, if he was
a candid man, must go home to his judgment. He
had also something to say to the gentleman from
Ohio, [Mr. Brinkkrhoff,] who had avowed his
feeling to be in favor of annexation; but, at the same
time, had exerted all his powers of argument to de-
feat and destroy it. Mr. C. was happy to observe
that his friend from New York, though absent from
his seat, was still in the House; and to him he
would address an argument; to which he asked
that deliberate attention which he thought it would
deserve; and here he approached what he was con-
vinced formed the only difficulty in the whole affair;
for he believed that, that removed, there would be as
great unanimity in this'House in favor of the mea-
sure, as now prevailed throughout the nation. He
alluded to the question of slavery, as connecting it-
self with the question of annexation.
Thegentlemanfrom New York [Mr. Rathbun] had
repeated the argument made by the gentleman from
Ohio, [Mr. Brinkerhoff;] he had told the commit-
tee that he and his northern friends had approached
the South in a spirit of liberality and brotherhood,
and had tendered to them a compromise on this del-
icate subject; but that the fair and reasonable offer
had been rejected with disdain. To the gentleman
from New York, Mr. C. replied that he had no
power to enforce this tender of a compromise; and
to the gentleman from Ohio, his answer was, that
the project tendered was itself destitute of every
feature or semblance of liberality. Taking it for
granted that Texas was to be admitted, what was
the compromise proposed to the South? It was this:
that the North Would vote for the admission, pro-
vided, that in a certain poition of the new States,
slavery should not exist. Now, Mr. C. asked for the
power to enforce any such agreement. Had these
gentlemen power to, prevent the people of a sov-
ereign State from exercising rights garantied to them
by the constitution, as rights reserved to the States
respectively? Would the gentleman from New
York say to the inhabitants of Texas, after she had
been admitted into the Union as a State, You are
deprived by a compromise of rights guarantied to
all our own citizens, and now fully enjoyed by them?
If so, what became of the principles of the consti-
tution, under which all the States, and all the cit-
izens, were entitled to the enjoyment of equal rights?
Supposing that the Slate of New York should re-
solve to-morrow to establish the institution of
slavery throughout her bounds, did this govern-
ment possess any right to control her? And should
we admit new States, destitute of the rights enjoyed
by any other State already in the Union? Congress
had not the power; it was not m the constitution; it
did not rightfully exist. The country might ac-
quiesce, as it had heretofore done, in many acts not
warranted by the constitution; but that did not
touch the question of power. And Mr. C. here
once more denied any constitutional power to im-
pose these restrictions. In saying this, he spoke the
honest convictions of his own mind. Nor need
lie go to any distant period for authority to sup-
port the position he had taken: the history
of this very Congress afforded a ease directly in
point—an authority the applicability of which Mr.
C. desired to see successfully contradicted by those
who had sanctioned it. It was one to which he was
very sure the gentleman from New York must
yield. A difficulty had occurred in one of the
States as to its constitutional form of government.
He alluded to the case of Rhode Island. The case
had been brought before the House on memorial,
and had, in consequence, been referred to a select
committee, of which the gentleman from New
Hampshire before him [Mr. Burke] was the chair-
man. That committee had made a report to the
House, which had been warmly sustained by the
gentleman from New York; and however Mr. C.
might differ from many of the positions there as-
sumed, much credit was certainly due to the ability
and research of its author. The gentleman from
New York could not object to that report as valid
authority. Mr. C. would read but one short ex-
tract; nor was more necessary for his purpose, be-
cause the whole tenor and object of the report went
to this point:
"Resolved, That the sovereign power of the State of
Rhode Island is inherent in the people thereof, and that
they have at all times the unalienable and indefeasible right
to alter, reform, or abolish their government, in sach man.
ner as they may think proper, and that any constitution or
frame of government, lepudlican in its form, adopted by them.,
is entitted to the guaranty of the United States, until abro-
gated by an act of said people, as solemn and authentic as
that by which it was adopted.''
Now let gentlemen apply these principles to the
case in hand. Suppose Texas to present herself for
admission. She brings in her hand the constitu-
tion of government adopted by her citizens. She
submitted this to the inspection of Congress, and
Congress, having examined it, declared it to be "a
republican form of government." There its power
terminated. Mr. C. cared not whether such State
constitution did or did not contain a clause estab-
lishing or regulating slavery. So soon as the State
was admitted, and became a constituent member of
the confederacy, she stood on the same platform with
New York, with Georgia, and all the rest of the
States. How was Congress to prevent the exercise
of her sovereign power in altering her constitution
at pleasure, provided only that it continued to be
"a republican form of government"' Would gentle-
men reply that slavery was incompatible with the
epublican form of government' Then they must be
prepared to cast Georgia out of the Union, and, with
her, all the other slave States. Mr. C. called upon
the friends of the Rhode Island report to stand by
their own avowed principles, and to allow all new
States admitted into the Union to'act as the other
States acted, on their own sense and conviction of
justice and propriety. Why must we set ourselves Up
to be the conscience keepers of the people of Texas?
Let some reason be given. New Yoik adopted just
such a government as she'pleased; so did Rhode
Island; so did every other State. Why must Texas,
after having thrown aside her existing government
for the sake of joining our Union, be deprived of
enjoying the same right as all the rest of us enjoyed'
Gentlemen mi ht lay on as many restrictions as
they pleased; their restrictions were all null and
void, and could have no binding effect at all, except
by the voluntary acquiescence of the Texian people,
just so long their people would be bound by them,
and no longer. He would put to the gentleman
from New York this question? Supposing Texas to
be admitted, and her people should immediately after
choose to meet in convention and alter their consti-
t ution, and, among other amendments, should resolve
to establish slavery, our congressional restrictions
notwithstanding: where would be the gentleman's
remedy? Provided Texas retained a republican
government, there was none, and could be none.
Would the gentleman expel her? Mr. C. denied
his power.
But now he would examine the other proposition,
and inquire into the liberality of the compromise as
now embodied in the bill of the gentleman from
New York, [Mr Robinson,] a very slight examina-
tion would prove that the compromise tendered was
grossly illiberal.
But before we went into that question he would
submit one remark in reference to the compromises
of the constitution. Gentlemen who had opposed
the measure of annexation, all declared loudly that
they were ready to stand by the compromises of the
constitution as they now existed, but that they
would not go an inch further.
Mr. C. observed that he could easily understand
this position when it was taken by gentlemen who
would oppose the admission of Texas under any
and'all circumstances; but he could not understand
what they meant by saying they were not willing to
go one inch beyond the existing state of things, be-
cause that was all the constitution intended, when,
at the same time, they themselves, by the compro-
mise they tendered, proposed to extend slavery be-
yond its present limits into a certain portion of
Texas. Their whole ground was gone ihe moment
they agreed to go one foot beyond the present limit
of slaveholding territory. From that moment, it
ceased to be a question of principle, and became a
mere question of expediency.
But why would not gentlemen extend the com-
promises of the constitution? They spoke as if this
subjcct of slavery was the only one respecting which
1 the constitution contained any compromise; whereas
the truth was, that the entire constitution and our
whole system of government was nothing more nor
less than a system of compromises. Why, then,
was one particular instance of compromise to be
enforced and insisted on in contradistinction to all
the rest. He had said that the offer of gentlemen
was illiberal. If there was any compromise m the
constitution touching this question of slavery and
the relative influence of the slave States in this con-
federacy, it would guaranty to those States the
same relative importance as they possessed at the
time of the adoption of the constitution. Was not
this true? Could any candid man deny it? The
North had a certain portion of influence in the gov-
ernment which the slave Stat is could not hope for.
What was the relative proportion between the North
and the South in respect to influence and power?
The preponderance was with the North, and must
always remain so. They had a power in the gov-
ernment which, from their relative proportion of the
national territory, ever must be greater than that of
the South. Under these circumstances, the South
asked for the admission ofTexas; but the North re-
plied, that in order to preserve the existing equilib-
rium, Texas must be divided—one-half must be
