Jan. 1845.
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
m
28th Cong 2d Sess.
Annexation of Texas—Mr. Cobb.
H. of Reps.
given to the North and the remaining half to the
South.
Now Mr. C. would inquire what was the present
extent of unoccupied territory within the United
States? What was the extent of the public domain?
Would gentlemen say that that proportion was ac-
cording to a just equilibrium? The North had pub-
lic lands to the amount of a hundred millions of acres,
and in the slaveholding States the amount was
about the same; besides which, there was a non-
slaveholding territory of about a thousand millions
of acx-es. Look, then, at the relative proportion be-
tween North and South; the slaveholding States,
including Florida, would have about a hundred and
fifty millions of acres, while the non-slaveholding
States had eleven hundred millions of acres. Mr.
C._ asked that House, he asked the country, to view
this picture. The people of the North, with their
eleven hundred millions of acres, had an almost
boundless space into which their population was
constantly emigrating-; and where their characteristic
energy and enterprise had unrestricted play, so
that they could build up State after State to almost
any extent they pleased. Compare this with the
meagre and narrow portion enjoyed by their slave-
holding brethren: it was less than one to ten; and
yet northern gentlemen had the face to say that
their offer was not only fair and just, but extiemely
liberal, when they asked that Texas should be
equally divided, and slavery forever excluded from
one half her limits. Supposing the public lands of
Texas should all be added to the slaveholding States,
they would make up but three hundred millions
against the eleven hundred millions in the non-slave-
holding States. Suppose Texas should be m Union,
and the gentleman from Ohio should say to her peo-
ple, "we of the northern States hold eleven hundred
millions of acres of unsettled territory; our brethren
of the slaveholding States hold less than one-third
of that amount; therefore justice requires that your
land should be equally divided between us:" what
would be the response of every honest heart, even
among the people of the North themselves? Would
they not admit that the equilibrium would not be
destroyed by giving up to the South the whole of
the Texian territory? Mr. C. insisted that the offer,
instead of being just or liberal or generous, was
not even specious.
Mr. C. went on to say that the view he had now
taken on the question of the comparative territory
held by slaveholding and non-slaveholding States,
and of the compromises of the constitution on that
subject, would, he trusted, constitute a sufficient an-
swer to the argument which had been addressed to
the jealousy of the North, with the design of depri-
ving the slaveholding States of their just share of
power in the government. Mr. C. could not believe
that any individual, taking the map of the United
Slates m his hand, and taking it for granted that
Texas was to be admitted, with the same constitu-
tional powers as were enjoyed by every other State,
could bring himself to the conclusion that the South
ever could be more than mereiy a check upon the
action of the North. It was obvious to every can-
did man that she never could obtain the majority
here, but was now, and ever must continue to be, the
weaker power. Mr. C. did not pretend to deny that
if it were in his power he would put the South in a
majority on this floor; and surely he must be a trai-
tor to the land where he was born, did he refuse to
do so; but he believed most sincerely that snch a re-
sult never could be reached. No; the South must
ever continue in a minority in both Houses of Con-
gress. All she could hope was to be a check on the
power of those who seemed but too much disposed
to trample on her rights: and this much surely she
was justly entitled to. This much the spiiit of illib-
erally itself could not refuse to yield.
But Mr. C. had been led into these remarks some-
what prematurely, from the positions taken by the
gentleman from New York, [Mr. Rathbun,] just
before he resumed his seat.
Mr. C. had advanced two propositions: first, that
it was the will of the people of the United States
that the annexation of Texas to this Union should
take place. On this point he should make no argu-
ment. The oft-repeated declaration of the expression
of public sentiment to that effect in the late election
was a sufficient answer to all who denied it. His'
friend from Pennsylvania befoie him [Mr. J. R. IN-
gersoia] had observed that what the friends of an-
nexation claimed as the deliberate expression of pub-
lic opinion, was nothing more than a town-meeting
hurrah. Mr. C. was well assured that this assertion
could not, and did not, receive the cool and deliberate
approbation of his friend, though it had escaped him
in the heat of debate. Wasita town-meeting hurrah
that induced the American government, under the
successive administrations of 1825, 1827, and 1832,
to treat for this very measure? Was it town-meeting
hurrahs which had kept the desire alive, not merely
in this government, but in the breasts of the whole
American people? And was it a town-meeting hur-
rah which had given to the measure the deep, intense,
and abiding interest which prevailed in every section
of the country? It had been revived by an adminis-
tration opposed by both.the great political parties of
the Union. That administration had entered into a
negotiation, and actually consummated a treaty to
effect the object. Now it was obvious that as the
author of the treaty could found his expectations of
its favorable support in no partiality for him, but
simply on the intrinsic merits of the measure itself,
this was, of itself, enough to show that the execu-
tive believed himself to be supported by the public
will, the appeal had since been made to the people,
and the people had warranted that conclusion.
The second proposition was, that Congress pos-
sessed the constitutional power to perfect the annex-
ation. This point had been already so fully elabo-
rated, that Mr. C. could add nothing to the force of
the argument. Supposing that the people of the
United States were satisfied beyond a doubt that the
national interest—nay, that the very existence of the
government itself, depended on the, acquisition of
Texas : would any gentleman, in such a case, deny
that Texascould be acquired? He presumed not. But
if Texas should refuse to come in, what then? To what
must we resort' Our resort, in that case, must be to
the war power of the constitution. If the national ex-
igency was so great that we could not preserve our-
selves from invasion or destruction without posses-
sion of this territory, we must even go to wa  for it,
and take it by force. But if we had a right to take
it even by the strong hand of armed power, had we
not a right to acquire it peaceably by treaty? By
conquest, the national sovereignty of Texas would
be, ipso factn, merged and at an end, and there would
be no power with whom to treat, and therefore there
could be no treaty. But if Texas, without war, and
with a view to the mutual interest of both parties,
should voluntarily yield up her sovereignty, was
this nation to turn her back upon the proposal, and
say they had no power to accept it. If the power
existed m one ease, it existed in the other.
As to the question whether the period had now
actually arrived when the existence and perpetuity of
our national government required the annexation of
Texas, it was a different affair. All Mr. C. now
contended for was the existence of the power, and
that he thought none could deny. All would ad-
mit that if Texas could declare war with us, we
should have a right to resist, and to carry that re-
sistance into actual conquest. Certainly wo had as
clear a right to do this as we had to repel invasion;
and it would be a strange anomaly indeed, if, while
it was admitted that we could thus acquire posses-
sion ofTexas, it should be insisted that the annexa-
tion must be rejected because Texas refused to op-
pose us. The constitutional question had been ar-
gued chiefly in reference to the aequistion ofTexas
as a foreign territory. The argument was stronger
for the admission of her as a State. That Congress
might admit new States into the Union was not, and
could not be denied. If there was any restriction
on that power, the restriction must be sought and
forward in the constitution itself, for we could not
go beyond the limits of that instrument. If we went
back to the history of the origin of our government,
it would be found that the old confederation which
preceded it had among its articles an express pro-
vision for the admission of foreign territory; and the
history of our country proved that the States
who had since been admitted into the Union
were formed out of what was then foreign territory,
not included within the limits of the United States.
If, then, the doctrine of restriction, for which gen-
tlemen on the other side contended, was sound and
well founded, the States formed out of the Territory
of Louisiana did not belong here. They were not
rightfully m the Union, and it would be perfectly in
order to introduce a joint resolution expelling them
from the confederacy. The debates of the conven-
tion proved that that body, though asked to limit
this power of admission to States lawfully arising
within the territory of the United States, had re-
fused to do so. And why? Because those pure
and noble hearted patriots were desirous that the
principles of our freedom should extend far and
wide, and they inserted in their immortal work a
power so unlimited that it might grasp the territory
of the globe. Honest and patriotic themselves, they
had entire confidence in the honesty of their suc-
cessors who were to exercise this power, for it was
a characteristic of all pure hearts that they were ever
ready to confide to others any trust that would be
safe in their own keeping.
There had been only one constitutional objection to
the admission ofTexas as anew State, which Mr. C.
deemed it necessary to notice. It had been suggested
that the qualification laid down in the constitution for
members of Congress required a previous residence
and citizenship of seven and nine years within the
United States. To this objection Mr. C. had several
replies, either of which was sufficient to satisfy his
mind on that point. He would premise this remark,
that no one, coming to the examination of the con-
stitution with a mind free from prejudice, would
deny that the obvious object of this provision was
to guard the halls of the national legislature from
the intrusive footsteps of foreigners—to admit no
one 'to participate in our legislation till they had
been long enough with us to give evidence, of their
patriotism, and their intention to remain with, and
constitute a portion of, the American people. This
idea was borne out by the action of the framers of
the constitution. The instrument was adopted in
1787, and States were to come in as soon as they
ratified it. When did it go into effect? As soon as
it was ratified by the requisite number of States.
No sooner was this done, than the first Congress
assembled, and the new government went into ope-
ration. At that time, neither North Carolina nor
Rhode Island had yet adopted the constitution; and
they were not represented in the first session of the
first Congress. Now, Mr. C. would ask, was
North Carolina a portion of the United States till
she did adopt it? Might Congress lawfully exercise
any power over her, in any form, by taxation or
otherwise? Was she not, to all intents and pur-
poses, a free and sovereign power, without the Uni-
ted States, and beyond the jurisdiction of the nation-
al government' If that government declared war,
could it require troops to be furnished by North Car-
olina? Could it enforce the revenue laws in North
Carolina? Surely not. To these questions there
could be but one answer: North Carolina was not
then a portion of the Union. At the second session,
however, of that same first Congress, she did adopt
the constitution, and came into the Union; and now
he would ask, how long had her representatives
been citizens of the United States? He repeated
the question, how long had they resided within the
United States? They had resided in North Caroli-
na, but North Carolina was out of the Union. She
was a foreign power—as independent of this gov-
ernment as Texas now was. She came into the
Union, and was represented here by her own citi-
zens, who had not strictly been citizens of the Uni-
ted States for the requisite period of time, according
to the doctrine we aie now combating. Mr. C. did
not pretend that the parallel he had drawn was ex-
act and perfect, but it was sufficiently 30 for an in-
ferential argument. And now to apply it to the
case in hand. Texas had been a part of our own
territory; as a portion of Louisiana she w<js within
the territory of the United States; and by the de-
cision of the supreme court, a citizen of one of the Ter-
ritories of the United States is a citizen of theUnited
States in the sense of the constitution. From 1803 to
1819 Texas had constituted a portion of ourterritory;
and our citizens who emigrated there from different
sections of the Union felt assured, in their own
minds, that they were still reposing m safety under
the stars and stripes of the Ameiican flag. They
thought not that they were committing on act of
voluntary expatriation; though, by the treaty of 1819,
that was the result of their conduct. But now, sir,
our dismembered territory is to be restored. The
banner of American freedom is again to float proud-
ly over the heads of our friends and brethren who
have so long felt the want of its protecting influence.
Texas is about to be received into the bosom of the
Union: all hearts are open to extend a cheerful greet-
ing to the returning wanderer. And now, sir, when
she is thus received, and welcomed back into the
family of States, the question presents itself, how
stand her citizens affected towards the general gov-
ernment? What rights do they possess? The re-
sponse is, the same as did the citizens of North
Carolina and Rhode Island upon their return to the
Union after their temporary withdrawal. Any
other course of reasoning would require the citizens
of Texas to pass through the regular ordeal of our
naturalization laws. But no one pretends that it
