202
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
Jani1845.
28th Cong 2d Sess.
Oregon Bill—Mr. Mc Clernand.
H. of Keps.
would be necessary for the citizens of Texas to be
naturalized as foreigners,v to entitle them to the
ordinary rights of'citizens, in the event of the union
which we are contemplating: and why? Because,
when Texas comes into the Union as one of the
States, of the Union, altough she reserves so much of
her sovereignty as is possessed by the other States,
yet her national sovereignty—her sovereignty as an
independent nation—would, of necessity, be merged
in that of the United States, and, ipso facto, her citi-
zens become citizens of the United States, with all
the rights and privileges which would have apper-
tained to them had Texas been one of the original
States of the Union. But if there was any strength
or force in the objection here raised, it would be a
sufficient reply to it to say that it is made prema-
turely. _ It cannot constitute an objection to annexa-
tion, however much it m ght tend to embarrass our
action hereafter, when her representatives presented
themselves at our bar for qualification as members
of Congress.
Mr. C. observed that his hour was rapidly ex-
piring, and was thereby warntd to pass on to the
considerations of other views, to which he desired to
call the attention of the committee. "When the sub-
ject of annexation was first presented under the pres-
ent administration to the consideration of the coun-
try, it will be recollected by every one that the most
formidable objections to its immediate consumma-
tion consisted in the following difficulties; First,
that the people had not been duly consulted, and
their wishes made known on the subject; secondly,
that it would be a violation of our national faith to-
wards Mexico, to consummate the act without her
assent; and thirdly and lastly, an unwillingness to
assume the debts of Texas. Itistiue, that other
reasons were casually urged by the opponents of the
measure, but were considered as secondary in im-
portance to those just mentioned. However well
founded these objections may have been at the time
alluded to, Mr. C. did not propose now to examine.
It would suffice to examine the potency of the influ-
ence they should exert upon our present conduct. Of
the first and]the mosl important—that which has ref-
erence to the will of the people—it is unnecessary to
add a-ny thing to the remarks already made. Very
few, he appiehended, would be found so reckless in
their assertions as to question the oft-repeated fact,
that the people have willed, in the most solemn form,
that Texas shall be "one of us," clearly, distinctly,
unequivocally submitted to their decision as one, and
and perhaps the most prominent, of the great issues
in the late presidential canvass. They have ren-
dered tlieir verdict, and it only remains for their
representatives and agents to enter up judg-
ment in due form of law. "Will they hesitate to do
it? The second original objection to annexation
does not require as much consideration as we have
bestowed upon the first. Who now considers
it necessary and proper to consult the Mexican
usurper and his bloodthirsty minions, preparatory
to our negotiation with the free, sovereign and inde-
pendent republic of Texas? If. has been, sir, a source
of sincere pleasure to the friends of Texas, to observe
that scarcely a voice has been heard from any quar-
ter of the House, in behalf of Mexican rights. Mr.
C. did not recollect to have heard any one allude
to it. There might have been an occasional mur-
mur, but certainly it had not become loud enough to
attract any attention.
No, sir; the independence of Texas, so long ac-
knowledged by our own and the principal govern-
ments of the Old World, now finds a response in
every heart that loves liberty; and thus falls to the
ground another of the prominent barriers originally
interposed to obstruct the consummation of this de-
sirable object. Whether or not the reasons urged
for a change of position by those persons, who,
twelve months since, were unwilling to proceed a
step without the assent of Mexico, but were now
indifferent and regardless of her wishes, were satis-
factory, was not for him to determine. That was
a matter for their own judgments and consciences.
It was sufficient for him to know tlat the obstruc-
tions in our path had been removed by the very
hands which originally placed them there. In ref-
erence to the third and last of this class of objec-
tions, there was still less necessity for argument.
Mr. C. alluded to the payment of the Texian debt.
Every plan which had been submitted to Congress
expressly avoided the assumption of these liabilities
of the Texian government; and it was very appa-
rent, from the general tenor of the debate, that no
scheme would receive the sanction of Congress
Which should contemplate ther payment by our gov-
ernment; though Mr. C. confessed, for himself,
he Would be prepared to support a measure which
included a provision for the payment of ten millions
of debt—that being the amount at which it was es-
timated by those who were best informed on the
subject—if he was satisfied that sUcha provision
was necessary to secure the objfect of annexation.
Mr. C. would propose this questloh to those rep-
resentatives whose constituents were determined
that Texas should come into the Union. [A voice:
Constitutionally or not?] No, sir; but according to
the letter and spirit of the constitution, as under-
stood and expounded by our fathers. When you
return homfe and tfell yoUr people that you have re-
jected Texas, because, if you had admitted her into
the Union you would have to assume a debt of ten
millions, think you that the people would be satis-
fied with your reply? Never, sir, never. Might
tliey not, with great force and propriety, say to you,
"Do you not annually appropriate this amount, and
more, for the support ofour army and navy,? and tvhy?
For the protection of our people; for the mainte-
nance of our free institutions; for the safety of the
commerce of the North, and the security of the na- 
tional interests generally; and yet, When an opportu-
nity was presented for attaining an object so desi-
rable as the acquisition of Texas, which would op-
erate most beneficially upon all these great objects,
for all time to come, you have rejected it for the
pitiful consideration of the payment of ten millions
of dollars. Unworthy servants, depart from me, t
know ye not.'' Such would be the response of an in-
dignant people, whose wishes had been disregarded,
and whose interest had been trampled upon. Gen-
tlemen have endeavored to assimilate the payment
of this ten millions to the assumption of State
debts, expecting thereby to] embarrass the course of
those who aic opposed to this measure of assump-
tion. There, i;; no similarity whatever in the two
proceedings. Tliey stand upon entirely different
grounds. The one is a voluntary, unauthomcd as-
sumption of debts, for the payment of which our
government is not responsible, and without any
conesponding consideration, and which would op-
erate unequally and unjustly upon the people of the
different States; whilst the other would be the con-
sideration money paid for the consummation of a
desirable contract. But his time would not permit
a further examination of this branch of the subject,
and he would pass it by. Mr. C. did not anticipate
the success of a measure contemplating a payment
of this Texian debt, as he had before observed, but
he presented this view for the consideration of the
country, in the event it should finally become neces-
sary to adopt this course to avoid the ultimate de-
feat of the annexation of Texas. Mr. C. had al-
luded to these objections, which were originally
urged against this great national measure, but now
abandoned to a very great extent, for the purpose of
exposing to the country the weakness of the
cause of our opponents. Unable to maintain
their original position, they are driven from
pillar to post, seeking some stronger position
to occupy, each giving way in its turn as the
battery of truth and argument is to be brought to
bear upon it; and their numbers, too, are rapidly re-
ducing, whilst ours are swelling in a corresponding
proportion; presenting to the friends of Texas the
ultimate prospect of a unanimity of feeling and ac-
tion never before attained under similar circumstan-
ces. It is, sir, to us, a source of sincere self-congrat-
ulation; and we must be pardoned for the indul-
gence of so natural a feeling.
And now, sir, will the friends of annexation suffer
themselves to be divided upon the various plans
which have been submitted, all agreeing in principle,
but differing in detail? He trusted not. The one
great paramount object must not be sacrificed to
minor considerations. We have before us a work to
done; let us do it in good faith; and having perform-
ed our duty like faithful servants, we shall be pre-
pared to return into the bosom of our constituents
with a conscious certainty of receiving their approv-
ing smiles and blessings.
SPEECH OF MR. McCLERNAND,
OF ILLINOIS.
In the House of Representatives, January 30, 1845—
On the bill to organize a territorial government
in Oregon.
Mr. McCLERNAND said:
His apology for presuming on the attention of
the committee, in expressing his views on the sub-
ject under consideration, was; the interest he felt in
it, both as a citizefi and a representative in Congress,
He could 'not expfect; after the'learned and elaborate
discussion the subject had undergone, tci add any-
thing very new or striking, in illustration of its
merits; yet he hopfed to contribute something which
vvould tend td pfacfe it in a clear and satisfactory
light before the pttblic, dnd as far as he Succefeded in
thla purpose; he hoped to be indulged with a patient
hearing by the committee.
.t'he question (said Mr.'McC.) has, for a lohg
time, engaged the attention of Congress and.Nthe
country, and, notwithstanding the deep interest felt
in its issue, nothing decisive has been Jet done in
relation to it. The policy of negotiation has been
tried, but has proved wholly ineffectual to bring it
to a close. That policy has lived its day, and hisc
died in general disrepute. Legislative action is now
required by the people. Such is the expression of
primary assemblies, of the legislatures of the States,
and the public press; in fact it is the sentiment of
the nation, and should be responded to by corres-
ponding action.
, It is astid that the (juestion involves the isSues of
peace and-war, and that therefore it should be cau-
tiously approached, if acted upon at all at present.
This has been the syren song of the opponents of
the measure from the first; and if permitted to influ-
ence our action longer, it may never be acted on, be-
cause the same cry may ever he raised to prevent
action. I confess sir, that the measure may, and
probably will, lead to war; but I do not argue from
that consideration, that it is proper we should abandon
our rights to Oregon. By the same process of rea-
soning, we might be inducfed to libanaon every right
which belongs to thj3 country, lest, as a subject of
coritroversy with a foreign power, the maintenance
of it might lead to war. The part of duty and self
preservation is, to surrender nothing of our rights,
but to maintain them by all the means in our power,
whether peaceful or warlike; our honor as a people
demands this, and the opinion of the world will jus-
tify us in it. The bill should not only be passed,
but, to guard against the consequences apprehended,
it should be followed by another, designed to put
the country in an efficient State of detente by land
and sea. A prudent forecast dictates this policy
and 1 hope to see it carried into effect.
The question is also one of boundary, jurisdic-
tion, and protection to the citizens of the United
States, and, in this aspect, addresses itself to the
interest and patriotism of the country. In this view
every section of the Union is alike interested in its
settlement on satisfactory principles, and all, there-
fore, should unite their councils m harmony and
good will, for the purpose of perfecting and passing
the bill, and, if needs be, should combine their energies
to give it practical effect. As a national question, it
should call foith national sympathies and support.
But to the people of the Western States it is a ques-
tion of peculiar and vital concern, and, as such, ex-
cites the deepest feelings of interest and anxiety in
their bosoms. To them it is a question of border
safety, of territorial limits, and of relative political
political influence, wealth, and power. As the ac-
quisition of Texas was deemed necessary to the
safety and prosperity of the South, so Oregon is
equally essential to the safety and prosperity of the
West.
Looking with confidence to the period when the
standard of American representative democracy
shall be planted on the St. Lawrence, the Del Norte,
and the Pacific coast, and these expanded boundaries
shall be made the home of liberty, and the habita-
tions of multiplied millions of freemen, the people of
the western States are utterly opposed to any policy
which will mar the consummation of the magnifi-
cent scheme.
They are opposed to any cession of territory as
the price of peace; their motto is, "millions for de-
fence, nothing for tribute;" and I avail myself of
this occasion to warn gentlemen in high places to be-
ware how they proceed in this matter. There are
some political offences which the people never for-
give, and this would be one of them. The man or
number of men who shall lend themselves to the dis-
memberment of Oregon, will draw on their heads
the hisses and anathemas of millions of indigi ant
freemen—they will be lost in the cauldron of popu-
lar wrath,
What are the duties of government in regard to
questions of boundary and jurisdiction? It is declar-
ed that the design of civil government is to- protect
those subject to its authority; that the obligations of
protection on the part of the government and obe-
dience on the part of the people one to another, are
