Jan. 1845.
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
205
28th Cong 2d Sess.
Oregon Bill—Mr. McClernand.
H. of Reps.
of the Columbia, and had taken formal possession of
the who'e territory in the name of the United
States. And thus ends the review of the various
grounds occupied by the two countries in regard to
the title of Oregon. If the result proves our title
to be valid, what ought to be done1 What is the
dictate of duty and patriotism? It is to assert our
title. The proud examples of our fathers require
this. As freemen, born to liberty, ennobled by its
precepts, and animated by its spirit, we cannot es-
cape from it without disgrace.
The present is not a case for negotiation—the
country is ours; as much so in truth and right, as if
Great Britain had a thousand times acknowledged it
to be so. The subject, therefore, rises above
the magnitude of a mere question of bouiiia-
ry, falling within the competency of the treaty-
making power. It becomes one of the exclu-
sion of juusdiction, the surrender of our terri-
tory, in fact of national dismemberment, which can
only be rightfully done by the people. This is the
doctrine laid down by Vattel. He says government
"ought to preserve itself; it ought to preserve all its
members; it cannot abandon them; and it is under
an obligation to them of maintaining them in the
rank of members of the nation. It has not a right
to traffic with their rank and liberty on account of
any advantages it may promise itself from such a
■negotiation. They are united to the society to be its
members; they acknowledge the authority of the
State to promote in concert their common welfare
and safety, and not to be at its disposal like a farm
o an herd of cattle."
These were the principles espoused by many of
our wisest and btst statesmen in their opposition to
the Florida treaty, by which T<-xas was lost to the
United States. Authority was denied to the treaty-
making power then to alienate the territory and cit-
izens of the United States. And why should it not
be now? Oregon is ours; and it is inhabited by
many of the citizens of the United States, being con-
stituents of the government, and entitled to its pro-
tection. The right being the same in both cases,
there is no reason for a distinction. The territory of
a nation is the property of the people of the nation;
and the function of government is to preserve and
protect it. It has no right to alienate territory ex-
cept with the consent of the people, oi to ostracise
its citizens except for crime or from necessity. To
assert a different doctrine would be to invest govern-
ment with a moral power of self-destruction—to make
it a felo de se.
Nations in times past have acted on these doc-
trines. An instance" occurred during the reign of
Francis I, King of France.
By the treaty of Madrid he ceded the duchy of
Burgundy to the Emperor Charles V; subsequently
the treaty was declared void at Cognac,, on the ex-
press ground that the authority of the King "did not
extend so far as to dismember the crown." And on
the same ground Henry V of England was advised
to resume the possession of all the domains of the
crown alienated by Ins predecessors. But suppose
the alienation to be made: would it be binding on
the citizens of the United States? Not at all; they
would be no more bound by the usurpation, than
the inhabitants of Burgundy, who declared that
"they would take up arms, in the defence of their
rights and liberties, rather than submit to another
power."
These noble principles were distinctly declared in
the late presidential election. Mr. Clay, one of the
aspirants to the presidential office, possessing many
brilliant qualities, had become obnoxious to the
charge of contravening them. In 1826, he had offer-
ed to surrender to Great Britain near one-half, and
much the better part of the Territory of Oregon,
and at the same time, denied that she had "even a
colorable title to any portion" of the Territory. And
for this repson, as much as for any other, certainly
more than for any other, in the western States his
pretensions were rejected by the American people.
They were unwilling to elevate a man to the presi-
dency, however, commanding his position a ,d tal-
ents, who had offered to make the territory and citi-
zens of the United States articles of traffic, to buy
favor or forbearance from any foreign power.
They were then, are now, and, it is to be hoped,
ever will be, opposed to the dangerous and startling
scheme lately put forth by Mr. Clay, and advocated
by his party, to dismember Oregon, reject the addi-
tion of Texas, and to girt this republic'with a series
of petty * rival independencies. They were warned
by the tragical fate of the States of Greece to ab
jure such a policy as destructive of their liberties i
and independence; and, responsive to the impressive
admonition, they condemned the pioject by reject-
ing its author.
The States of Greece had tried both systems of
policy—a distinct and a confederated existence—
and had been driven from the former to the latter
to preserve their existence. As distinct independ-
encies, each one administering its own affairs with-
out reference to the others, they were engaged in
continual strife. Ambition, prejudice, conflicting
interests, and foreign intrigues,' kept them in a con-
stant state of agitation, and at frequent intervals
drenched their plains in blood. '
To avert these consequences, the amphyctionic
council was instituted. Its design was to establish
and cultivate friendly relations between the different
communities of Greece, and to combine their com-
mon energies for their common preservation. At
first it was composed of twelve deputies, from as
many cities and tribes. Afterwards it was increased
to thiity. It worked well, and fulfilled the .pur-
poses for which it was instituted. Through its in-
strumentality the different communities of Greece
became fraternized. Sparta became renowned for
her stern virtue and military prowess; Athens for
her naval power, arts, and literature; and, in fact,
all Greece was illuminated by the light of science,
distinguished for the glory of her philosophers,
poets, statesmen, orators, artists, and warriors; and
the splendor of their achievements. Her influence
was spread far and wide over the islands to the
coasts of Asia Minor, to Sicily, Lower Italy, and to
the coasts of the Euxine. United, she stood im-
pregnable to forcc, and fell not until the council and
people had been corrupted by foreign gold, and dis-
cord fomented between the States, and the way was
thus prepared for the overthrow ofher liberties, by a
decisive blow at Chaeronea. United, she drove back
the Persian hosts; but divided and distracted by cor-
rupt appliances; she became the conquest of the
Macedonian phalanx. And such may, and proba-
bly will, be the fate of the various communities of
North America under like circumstances. Admin-
istering their affairs as distinct independencies, for-
eign governments are invited, by the hope of ag-
grandizement, to interfere in their civil affairs. Dis-
cord arid war are fomented as a consequence, °and
thus they are made the instrument of their own ru-
in, or enfeebled by such causes. They become
the spoil and conquest of some grasping and ambi-
tious foreign power.
Ilence I am opposed to the dismemberment of
Oregon. I desire to see it incorporated as republi-
can States in the Union, sharing and bearing equal
advantages and burdens, with the other States of the
confederacy.
In regard to Texas, my sentiments are now what I
declared them to be at the last session of Congress.
I am in favor of admitting her into the Union as
speedily as may be; I would say to her, come into
the Union; our arms are open to receive you; give
us your loyalty, and we will give your our protection.
But, sir, what are the extentand resources of Ore-
gon, that we should be thought rash in adopting
any honorable means to vindicate our title to it?
Oregon stretches along the Pacific coast from north
to south, a distance of twelve degrees and forty min-
utes, or about 850 miles; and east and west from the
Rocky mountains to the coast, an average breadth
of about 550 miles. Its capabilities to support hu-
man life may be judged of by comparison. Eng-
land, Ireland, Scotland, and \Vales, contain about
121,000 square miles, and support a population of
about 27,000,000. Oregon contains about 500,000
square miles, and, according to the same ratio, would
support a much larger population. Great Britain is
one of the most wealthy and powerful nations of
the world; her commercc floats on every sea, and
finds its way to the markets of every country; her
navy blackens every coast, and her dominions en-
compass the earth. The scale of any other nation
is inapplicable to measure the vastness of her re-
sources and the enormity of her efforts. In Africa
she owns four provinces, four stations, and three
islands, containing 300,000 souls. In Australia a
vast continent and sundry archipelagoes, containing
200,000 European settlers. In the East Indies, four
empires and six provinces, containing more than
500,000 square miles, and 100,000,000 of sub-
jects. In India beyond the Ganges; posses-
sions containing 100,000 square miles, and a
population of 1,500,000 souls. In North America,
eight provinces, containing <:87,802 square miles, and
2,000,000 of subjects. Nor is this all; her power
not only overshadows the land, but also the sea.
She commands the entrance of the Mediterranean
and Black sea, by the rock of Gibraltar. She owns
a group of twelve or more islands in the West In-
dies, by which she seeks to control the Gulf of
Mexico; and if report be true, she is now trying to
establish her permanent ascendency on the Pacific,
by the acquisition of California and the Sandwich
islands. In fact, she claims, according to her pre-
sumptuous language, that "the uttermost parts of
the earth are her inheritance;" that—
'•The seas and winds are Britain's wide domain,
And not a sail but by permission spreads."
And yet, astonishing to say, the fulcrum upon
which rests the lever of this mighty and stupen-
dous wcrlfi-system, is the little rocky and barren isl
and of England, containing only about 50,000
square miles, one-tenth of the size of Oregon, a
country now proposed to be abandoned or surren-
dered, in whole, or in part, as being worthless, or
as the price of British favor.
Shall we surrender such a heritage? Certainly
there can be no motive of honor, justice, or interest
for such a measure. The climate of Oregon is mild
and salubrious. Its valleys are mild and produc-
tive. It abounds with rich minerals, valuable furs
and forests; and is indented with numerous harbors,
bays, and rivers.
And possessing all these advantages—stretching
along the Pacific coast near a thousand miles, ana
commanding the trade of the Sandwich Islands, the
East Indies, and China, countries far more exten-
sive and dependent for foreign supplies of such pro-
ductions as are common to our country than those
of Europe—why should it not, in the course of
time, become a part of the great North American
empire, rivaling in wealth and resources the far-
famed island of England itself? The course of
events foretels such a result. The march of empire
has been westward from the days of Nina and
Semiramis, the warlike sovereigns of Assyria, to
the landing of the pilgrims at Plymouth rock, and
must continue to be until her ultimate throne shall
be established on the shores of the Pacific. There,
we may suppose, her march will end, and that she
will collect herself in full strength for some great
final effort, which shall redound to the general good
of mankind, and add new jewels of surpassing
splendor to her glittering crown.
Professor Scott, of Ohio, estimates the population
of Oregon, at the end of a hundred years from 1840,
at 10,000,000; and the population of the great west-
ern valley, extending from the Alleghany moun-
tains to the Pacific ocean, at the end of the same
time, at 260,000,000, which would give to that val-
ley alone a larger population than that of China—an
empire whose first emperor reigned, accordingto its
own chronology, 2,950 years before the Christian
era. We owe it to ourselves, to posterity, and the
great experiment of civil liberty in which we are
embarked, to take care of our Territories, and hus-
band all of our resources.
The argument of superfluous territory was urged
against the acquisition of Louisiana, and applied
with as much force in that case as in the present.
But no one would say now that the addition of the
three flourishing, prosperous, and patriotic States
into which a portion of the territory has been formed,
is not an advantage and a blessing to the country.
And so it will be in the course of time in regard to
Oicgon, if we but do our duty. The wider the base
of the republic the stronger will be its superstructure;
the more able it will be to withstand the tempest of
faction and external assaults.
The geograghy of Oregon is peculiar and charac-
teristic.^ It is bounded on the east by the Rocky
mountains, and is intersected at different intervals
by the Blue mountains and California mountains.
The three districts thus formed are distinguished
for their different temperatures and capabilities. The
eastern district being higher than the others, is cold-
er, but is supposed to be valuable for water power,
and to some extent for pasturage. The middle dis-
trict is a delightful climate, and according to Mr.
Wythe,contains considerable bodies ofvaluable lands.
The prairies open a few miles from the Columbia,
and are covered with a most nutritious grass, which
remains throughout the year. The horses used by
the Indians and traders of the interior are raised on
this extensive valey, which is about one hundred
and fifty miles wide. The same gentleman says,
"for producing hides, tallow, and beef, it is superior
to any part of North America." "It is also (he
says) the healthiest country he had ever been in."
The valley bordering on the Pacific produces al-
most every variety of product common to the most
