206
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
Feb. 1845.
28th Cong 2d Sess.
Public Land Bill—Mr. Houston.
H. of Reps.
favored portions of the United States. Wheat, rye,
oats, peas, potatoes, tobacco and cotton plants grow
well; also figs, .citrons, oranges, lemons, pome-
granates, apples, and all common fruits of the United
States. Horses, cattle, and hogs subsist throughout
the .winter upon wild range, and the climate is so
mild, that, with rare exceptions, winter affords no
obstacle to plowing.
Mr. Kelly says:
"in beauty of scenery, fertility of soil, and other natural
advantages, no portion of our country surpasses that which
is found upon the Waliamette The Volleys of the Colum-
bia river and its tributaries are estimated to oontmn 3.~>0,000
square miles."
And Mr. Slacum says:
"That the valleys of the rivers within the Teiiitory, ex-
clusive of the Wallamette and Columbia, contain U,000,000
of acres of land of first quality, equal to th^ h 4«ft lands of
Missouri and Illinois."
The Columbia, with its tributaries and branches,
extends through seven degrees nf latitude, and even
penetrates the territories of other nations. Their
waters are navigable for vessels through half the
extent of the territory, and perhaps more; and
where the navigation ceases, there commences water-
power valuable for driving machinery. Oregon is
in the vicinity of countries abounding with pre-
cious metals, with the inhabitants of which we will
be enabled to carry on a rich and profitable trade.
It is within some twenty days' sail of Peru and
Chili—countries that must look abroad, and perhaps
to Oregon, for timber for ship-building. It is with-
in six clays' steamboat navigation of the Sandwich
Islands, which are adapted to the culture of coffee
and cotton, and which produce, in great abundance,
sandal-wood, sugar-cane, and tropical fruits; and
within thirty days, o\er an unruffled ocean, of China
and the East Indies.
The mouth of the Columbia river is a fine site for
a great commercial city, and forms one of the three
great natural outlets for the surplus productions of
the interior of North America. The mouth of the
Columbia is one, the mouth of the Mississippi
another, juid the mouth of the St. Lawrence the
third.
Let us now see what are the relations of Great
Britain to the United States, geographical and po«
litical. She owns eight provinces on this continent,
two of which, Upperand Lower Canadas, are co-
terminous with the northwestern boundary of the
United States, from Maine to the Territory of Wis-
consin; and this extensive frontier has been fortified
on the Canadian side by a cordon of military posts,
extending nearly its whole length, and canals of the
largest size have been cut, connecting the waters of
the St. Lawrence with the northwestern lakes; thus
opening and exposing our whole lake coast for a
distance of 5,000 miles to the land and naval arma-
ments of Great Britain m that quarter. Her navy,
a few years ago, was estimated to consist of 107
ships of the line, 96 frigates, 540 sloops, &c., and
7G armed steamers. It is now still larger. With
her navy, therefore, she is enabled to command the
Atlantic seaboard from New Orleans to Eastport,
in Maine. This much she has already secured.
What more does she seek? She seeks to despoil
us of Oregon, and thereby extend the circle of her
power from the Lake of the Woods to the Pacific;
and, having gained this point, the next will be to
complete the circle by obtaining Texas. This last
seems to be a favorite object with her. It is neces-
sary to the consummation of her darling scheme of
extending her dominion, from her possessions in the
West Indies, overland along our southern frontier
to the Pacific Ocean. Its possession or dependence
will give her the control of the mouth of the Mis-
sissippi, the free navigation of which she has long
coveted, and expose the slave institutions of the
south to the danger of being overthrown by the com-
bustion of abolitionism.
When she shall have consummated this stupen-
dous scheme of territorial aggrandizement, we will
feel the coil of the boa constrictor about us, but too
late to escape from his deadly gripe. There are
many things to arouse the suspicions of honest re-
publicans against the wiles of our British ancestors.
There are the impressment of our seamen, the insult
of our flag, the piracy of American property on
board of the "Comet," the ''Enterprise," "Creole,"
and "Hermosa," American vessels forced into
British ports by storms, mutiny, and murder; and
there is the flagitious affair of the "Caroline," an
American vessel cut out of an American port by
British orders, towed into the channel of Niagara,
and fired, and left to drift over the falls of that river;
and there it will ever be, an evidence of tame and
disgraceful submission to British arrogance and in-
dignity.
Is it to be supposed that Great Britain will sur-
render her pretensions to Oregon, a part of her
cherished scheme of territorial aggrandizement, up-
on a mere diplomatic request to do so? No ! deceive
not yourselves with.so vain a hope. She has re-
j fused to do so for thirty years, ana will now refuse.
' We tried the patent panacea of diplomacy in th«
: late case of northeastern boundary, and the result
was, that the patient was subjected to the tortures
, of amputation. Maine was curtailed of her territo-
' ry, arid so it may be in regard to Oregon;
Let us, therefore, legislate; let us establish a gov-
ernment over the territory, and needful fortifications
to maintain its authority, and protect our citizens;
and let us also encourage emigration thither by of-
fering bounties of laud to such persons as may set-
tle there. The idea that we can settle Oregon, with-
out holding out a positive inducement to emigration
in some form, is delusive.
Great Britain is now oppressed with the blight-
ing evil of a redundant population; she is a great
, lazar-house of want, famine, and beggary; and, by
: sending off millions of her idle and starving popula-
tion to Oregon, would not only mitigate a domestic
, evil which threatens her ruin, but would, at the
j same time, colonize Oregon with her subjects. Col-
onization, therefore, is a means peculiarly within
1 the power of Great Britain to obtain possession of
, Oregon. It is by such means that she has scattered
j the seeds of her power throughout the world. By
: such means she has established her power in the
Canadas, which otherwise would have long since
thrown off her yoke.
The emigration to the United States for the ten
years next preceding 1840, amounted to 574,996, or
about 57,000 per year, of which about two-thirds
were from England, Ireland, and Scotland. For the
year 1844, the number was about 85,000, of which
about the same proportion was from the same
source. Suppose, now, Great Britain should un-
dertake to direct this broad tide of emigration to
Oregon: how easy could she do it, and what would
be the consequence? Why, it is evident, that, in a
few years, she, would have full possession of the
country; and that her dominion would be as firmly
established there as it has been in the Canadas.
The natural course of emigration from the United
States to Oregon, therefore, will not answer the pur-
pose. If we desire to secure the possession of the
country, we must stimulate emigration thither, by
offering bounties either of land or money.
SPEECH OF MR. HOUSTON,
OF ALABAMA.
In the House of Representatives, February 5, 1845—On
the bill reducing and graduating the price of the
public lands.
Mr. HOUSTON said, had he been so fortunate as
to have obtained the floor at an earlier period of this
debate, he would have gone into a full argument in
support of the bill now before the committee, as
well as an answer in detail to tho&e which had
been urged against it. He was fully aware, how-
ever, that he rose to speak to a subject which was,
or should be, already well understood. Indeed, so
plain was it, and so often brought befoie the public
mind, that there was scarcely a boy m all the West
that could not make a pretty good argument for
graduation. He pretended not to bring forward
1 anything very new or interesting; bit, having con-
nected himself more intimately with this bill than
other members of the. committee—having been in-
strumental in preparing and bringing it before the
, House for action—he held it his duty to present
some general views in regard to it.
And the first thing that presented itself to his
mind, with much force, was the course of the gen-
tlemen who opposed the measure. It was usual, as
| well as proper and fair, with the opponents of a
' bill, to state their objections to it in a full and can-
I did manner, and move such amendments as would
i conform it to their wishes. But the gentleman from
; Ohio, [Mr. Vinton,] and the gentleman from Mary-
; land, [Mr. Causin,] as well as every other member
who had entered into the debate against it, while
i they vehemently objected to this bill, suggested no
! amendments with a view to make it perfect. Mean*
i while they had endeavored to stir up all the preju-
dices which could be appealed to to obstruct the
success of the measure—the tariff, the interest of the
old States, and whatever else could revive and awa-
ken either party or sectional feelings in opposition to
the success of so just and reasonable a -measure.
Among other things, the committee had been .told
that the entire public domain had. been won
by the labors, and sacrifices, and heart's blood' of
the old States. This argument had been pretty well
replied to already by the gentleman fiom Missouri,
[Mr. Jameson.] The assertion was, in part, true;
much of the lands had been won by toils.and blood;
but whose? Was it the blood and toil of the people of
old States only? or was it not as much by those of the
new? If the gentlemen would inquire, they would
find that the men who fought in the bioodyfields of
our revolutionary struggle were to be found in every
State of this Union. There were quite as many of
them in the new States as in the old. But they
were told that the children and descendants of those
revolutionary heroes had their residence in the old
thirteen, was it so? Did not the fathers of the in-
habitants of the new States fight side by side with
the fathers of the people of the old? Their descend-
ants were far from being confined to the Atlantic
States; numbers of these -war-worn veterans, after
fighting their country's battles on the seaboard, had
retired far beyond the mountains, with their chil-
dren around them, and the wilderness had fallen be-
fore the strong arms of their descendants. If, then,
there was any force in this argument, it was as good
an argument for as it was against the bill. If the
benefits of that which was won in the war of the rev-
olution was to descend as a heritage, and result as a
benefit to the children of those who fought for if,
why insist that it be circumscribed to only a part of
the Union? Why should it descend to the children
of those w ho remained on the Atlantic- seaboard any
more than to the children of those who subdued the
wilderness? The argument either amounted to
nothing, or it was an argument as much in favor of
the new as of the old States.
But this question of graduation respected, in
truth, neither the old States nor the new, exclusively;
and such arguments have nothing to do with it. It
was a national, not a sectional, question. It was
true that the immediate effects of the bill would
essentially promote the settlement of the new
States; but as to the personal benefit, it was open
to all the citizens of the old States who chose to
avail themselves of it. The subject had no geograph-
ical boundaries other than those of the whole
Union; it had respect to the growth and prosperity
of the entire nation. It was opposed by prejudices
only; and to prejudices accordingly had the appeal
been made, in the hope of resisting it. ,
It had been argued, further, that it was the old
States who had ceded this immense domain to the
general government. This argument was of a
piece with the other. The faGt was true, that much
of the land had been so ceded; but who were they
who were interested in those acts of cession at the
time they were made? Was it the present popula-
tion of Virginia alone? If gentlemen would go to
the new States, they would find almost as many
Virginians there as they would find in the Old Do-
minion itself. Because a man lived in Virginia, or
in New York, or in any of the ceding States, must
he nccessanly be one of those who made the ces-
sion, and therefore have a right to the land? Cer-
tainly not; the population is constantly changing.
Those who live in one of the ceding States to day,
may live in the Far West to-morrow—and his place
may be filled, may be occupied by one who was, at
the time of the cession, a' citizen of some foreign
country, or the descendant of such citizen. Who
does not know that a large majority of the emi-
grants, (amounting probably to ninety-nine out of
e\ery hundred,) from foreign countries, take up
their residences in the old States, ''and now consti-
tute a very large proportion of the population of
those States," none of whom, or their descendants,
could at the time have been interested in the '•blood-
bought acquisitionor the cession of those lands?
He was not arguing against foreigners—not at all;
but only endeavoring to show the utter fallacy and
inapplicability of such arguments by other gentle-
men, which he hoped he had done successfully.
Besides, if Mr. H. had resided in one of these old
States at the time the cession had been made, and
had therefore an interest in the land ceded, his subse-
quently changing his home and going into the new
States could not surely change or affect that interest
in any way. If, therefore, the object of gentlemen
was to distribute the favors of the government to
those who ceded these lands to the Union, the bene-
fits must be bestowed just as much on the- new
States as on the old, because the new States were.
