208
APPENDIX TO THCB CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
Feb. 18iS.
28th Cong 2d Sess.
Public Land Bill—Mr. Houston.
H. of Reps.
that they had nothing to do but to reduce th« price of the
public lands, and they would immediately be occupied and
brought into cultivation. Nothing was more fallacious he
undertook to say, if this bill became a law, that they could
not enhance the population of the western country by a
single individual, nor could they expedite the sales of the
public lands by a single acre per annum, and, for a time at
least, the operation of this bill would be essentially to di-
minish the sales of the public lands."
And m another part of the same speech he said—
[Mr. Vinton here rose to explain; but the confu-
sion and laughter in the House were such that the
reporter could not distinctly hear what he said.]
Mr. H. resumed. Now, then, the gentleman's
speech was all gone. [Much laughter.] The gen-
tleman had withdrawn it before Mr. H. had time to
touch it; and he did wisely, for the inconsistency
was too apparent—too glaring to admit of scrutiny
or reply. At one moment the gentleman said that
the bill would not add a single acre to the land sales
per annum, not bring a single settler upon the land;
and m the next he told the committee that if this
bill passed, there would be an instantaneous rush to
get-hold of the land on account of the cheapness of
its price; and a scent; of fraud, and perjury, and
speculation would ensue, even beyond what had
happened in 1836. The two statements conflicted
with each other. If the one was true, the other was
not. The speech destroyed itself. The antidote
went with the poison. The one probably had been
made for one purpose, and the other for another. Of
this the committee must judge.
But, be this as it might, he would take the posi-
tion which he had just read, and put it by- the side
of another argument urged against this bill by the
gentleman from Maryland, [Mr. Causin,] and leave
the committee to determine which (if either) is well
taken. The gentleman from Maryland insisted that
the effect of the bill would lie to stimulate and in-
crease the tide of emigration, already setting, with
quite enough rapidity, from the old States to the
new; while the gentleman from Ohio, as another
branch of the opposition, warned the committee
that, pass the bill as fast as they pleased, they would
not thereby increase their land sales by a single
acre. Mr. H. would leave the gentlemen to recon-
cile the inconsistency as they might.
All must acknowledge that there were some
things advanced in favor of this bill which were
certainly true. He presumed that there was no
disagreement of opinion as to its being the first
duty of the government, in reference to the public
domain, to "dispose of it for settlement.1' The reso-
lution of the old Congress, inviting from the land-
holding States of the confederacy a cession of their
unsettled lands for the benefit of the Union, declared
it to be one of the first and most important stipula-
tions in such a cession, that the lands thus ceded to
the government should be sold and settled, and in
some (if not all) of the deeds of cession, the main and
leading object (aside from paying the revolutionary
debt) was expressly stated to be the sale and settle-
ment of the territory, thus ceded. Almost every
prominent man in the country had at some time
avowed himself in favor of a reduction in the price
of the public domain. And yet the gentleman from
Maryland objected to this bill because its tendency
was to produce that very effect. The gentleman
contended that Congress were trustees in this trans-
action, and that their duty was to administer the trust
that the purposes of the grantors should be carried
into effect. Mr. H., for the purpose of testing his
argument, would agree with him, and would take
him up on his own position and doctrine, with a
view of testing their soundness or validity. What,
he asked, would be the duty of a trustee, under in-
structions or without instructions, in a case of this
kind? Congress were trustess for the whole coun-
try; what was their duty as such? The only speci-
fication in the trust was, that the land should be dis-
posed of for settlement. Then Congress was bound
to carry out that purpose, and so to dispose of the
land that it should be settled. But, supposing the
grant or deeds of cession or trust contained no speci-
cation, what would the gentleman contend to be the
duty of the trustees? Would it be to hold up the
price of the land so that none could or would buy
it, when the object in view confessedly was to sell
it? Mr. H. would like to know whether there was
one lawyer 011 this floor who would contend forsuch
a doctrine?
[Mr. C au a in here asked the floor for explanation;
but Mr. Houston said he had suffered so many ex-
planations already that his time would really allow
of no more.] [A laugh.]
Common sense would tell every man that if he
appointed another as his trustee to sell land for him,
and the trustee should put up the price of the land
to more than double its value, and the land in conse-
quence was not sold, the trustee had been false to
his trust. Suppose Mr. Houston had made a man
his trustee to sell a horse worth eighty or a hundred
dollars, and he did not sell him: when called to an
acconnf would it be competent for him to set up as
a defence, or would it be a sufficient plea for him to
say, that he did offer the horse for sale? Would not
the person interested in the trust inquire at what
price? Suppose that the man should say that he
had ueclared at the time of sale that no bid less than
two hundred dollars would be received: would any
court in Christendom hold the trustee in such a case
harmless, and say that he had properly discharged
his duty? The duty of a trustee was plain. If
there was a specification in the trust, he must pur-
sue the end specified; but if his trust was general,
and contained no specification, then he was bound
to do what a prudent and considerate man would do
in the premises—what such a man, under existing
circumstances, would do for himself with his own
property. And it would not do for him to say that
he had offered the trust property for sale, if he had
offered it at an unfair and exorbitant price, known
to be so by the whole country at the time of the
proposed sale. So much for the gentleman's argu-
ment founded on the deed of trust.
But there was another fact to which Mr. H. would
brieflyallude. The new States were precluded by
compact with this government, on their admission
into the Union as States, from taxing the public
land within their borders till five years after it had
been sold. Now, who did not know that the new
States, in general, were greatly in debt, and, to meet
their obligations, were obliged to impose heavy
taxes on all State property. They had within their
bounds large amounts of unsold lands, which did not
pay into the State treasury one farthing. Was it a wise
and just policy m the general government to keep
up that state of things, and thus prevent the in-
debted States from availing themselves of their legiti-
mate and proper resources? If we had a right to fix
the price at our arbitrary pleasure, irrespective of
the true interests of the new States, and of this gov-
ernment as a whole nation, and regardless of the
plighted faith of this government in its compacts
with the States, then, instead of holding the lands at
a dollar and a quarter, Congress might demand five
dollars an acre for them; and, if they did, would
they not thereby at once openly and glaringly de-
feat the very end of the trust, and at the same time
indefinitely postpone and virtually destroy all power
of taxation in the new States? If this system of
keeping up the price of lands was to be persisted in,
when would the States ever be permitted to tax
them? And if it should be carried to the exccss he
had supposed, would not any court of common
sense, to say nothing of legal attainments, pro-
nounce that the agreement or compact between the
States and the general government had been fraudu-
lently interpreted, and its end and purpose perverted
and defeated?
But here the friends of the. bill were met by the
honorable gentleman from Vermont, [Mr. Coi,la-
mer,] who insisted that time was not a certain test
of the value of lands exposed to sale and remaining
unsold; that land which had been twenty years
in market without a buyer, was not necessarily
refuse land, but was found to be of very
various quality. Mr. H. readily admitted that a
classification of lands, in respect to their value,
could not be made with mathematical exactness;
the thing was in its nature impossible, and it was
unreasonable in gentlemen to require it. Mr. H.
would ask that gentleman whether land which was
held and sold at a dollar and a quarter, was not also
very unequal in value? and whether there was not
just as much disparity in those lands as in any oth-
ers? Some of the lands thus held now are worth
more than others? It was apparent that, in passing
this bill, we were but legislating on the same
principle which had governed us before. He
could not say the same principle, it was made
more equal and just by graduation. Let
him ask of gentlemen who favored the tariff,
whether the present system of taxation did not bear
unequally on the country? This they must and do
themselves admit: yet the courftry was compelled to
submit to it for the sake of revenue. And he would
ask the friends of a high tariff—those who advoca-
ted a system which they themselves admitted to be
unequal—whether, after the new States had come
forward with that magnanimity which had ever
characterized their proceedings, actions, and feel-
ings in all matters connected with the administra-
tion of this government, and submitted to this sys-
tem, so much for their profit, and to the injury
and oppression of the South and West, they
would now refuse to their western and south-
ern friends" the poor, pitiful, contemptible boon,
of being permitted to buy poor land- at a
price proportioned to -its value? For what had
these new States so long been supplicating Con-
gress? For alms? for bounty? No; but for that to
which they w«re entitled. They came here, year after
year, begging Congress not to give them land, but to
sell them land for its full value. Surely, if the peo-
ple of the West and South were ready and willing
to pay the government all the land was worth, it
was the obvious duty of government to sell it and
let it be settled.
But if Congress should agree to reduce the price
of the land, on what basis or principle was this re-
daction to be effected? There were two or three dif-
ferent modes by which they might at least approx-
imate to what was just. As the gentleman from
Missouri [Mr. Jameson] had said, the first of these
modes was an actual valuation of the land. Could
this be effected, it would no doubt afford a just rule
for settling the price; but it must be obvious to every
one, that such a measure was impracticable. If this
valuation was made anywhere, it must be made by
an actual inspection of the lands, or by the survey-
ors, as has already been done under existing laws.
In the first named plan, therefore, appraisers must be
employed and paid, and sent all over the country, to
explore and examine every acre of the public do-
main. Who did not perceive that a plan like this
wodld cost the government more than the lands are
woilh? This plan, therefore, must be cast aside.
The next mode of effecting the object was a
classification of the lands in point of value, by
the registers and receivers at the land offices.
The registry in their officers was founded on
field notes taken by the surveyors. When they
ran their lines in laying out the public domain,
they regularly noted down a brief account of the sur-
face of the country, the timber tt produced, the mill
seats and other advantages, marks, character, and
evidences of the soil, and on these returns the clas-
sihcition of the land was made by the officers of the
government. A general result was thus obtained
which approached the truth, though it could not,
of course, be precisely accurate. Yet it so far ap-
proximated to the actual fact that it would form a
sufficient basis for the action of this government.
There was yet another mode of determining the.
value of these lands, which, though not infallible,
did also approach the truth, and that was to graduate
them according to the time they had remained in
market unsold. This rule, standing alone and un-
supported by other facts, circumstances, and tests,
might not, perhaps, be deemed a sufficient criterion;
but when this test was corroborated by the other,
when those tracts longest unsold were found to have,
been marked by the surveyors, and classified at the
offices as poor land; while, on the other hand, those
which sold the most readily were also found to
have been registered as comparatively good, Con-
gress need not hesitate in adopting time as a sound
criterion of value. Now that these results did cor-
respond, and that the test of time was corroborated
by the estimates of the surveyors and the registers,
would appear from a tabular statement which had
been prepared at Mr. H.'s request, and to which he
invited the attention of the committee, and which
he read.
Thus, when gentlemen compared the notes of the
surveyors with the returns of the sales in all the
States, they would be found almost precisely to
agree; for out of nearly fifty millions of acres which
had been surveyed, classed, and in market in 1828,
in twelve years from that date, to 1840, during
which time the land was in market, there did not ap-
pear three millions of variation. Was not this vari-
ation sufficient to show that the test of time as-
sumed in the bill was a fair test, fully corroborated
by experience? The results he had quoted were
drawn from all the land offices which had made re-
turns covering these points, and m many instances
the two tests approached so nearly during that pe-
riod as not to differ by a greater amount, at one or
more of the offices, than one or two thousand acres.
With a very few exceptions, this corroboration was
found at every office; and lie would be glad to know-
how gentlemen accounted for it, unless it was
founded in truth.
And now Mr. H. would make an appeal to the
