Jan. 1845
APPENDIX 1*0 THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
209
28th Cong 2d Sess.
Post Office Bill—Mr. Niles.
Senate.
candor and honesty of every gentleman in the
House. He asked them to look at the action of
the States in their mode of selling their own lands.
Did they' fix one exorbitantly high uniform mini-
mum price upon land of all .qualities, and refuse
to reduce it on any representations? No. They
adopted a very different policy; and Mr.'H. could
not but here express his regret at hearing a gen-
tleman from "New York [Mr. Seymour] argue
against this bill, when it only proposed that the
government should adopt for the whole people of
this nation the very self-same principle and system
which had governed the policy of his own State.
Would the gentleman setup a standard for others
which his own State had repudiated in her own
practice' Why was it not just, and why was it not
wise, to apply the same mode of action to govern-
ment lands which had been applied to State lands?
If it was fair, and just, and wise, and politic, in a
State to graduate and reduce the price of thelarids it
had to sell, why was it not equally so in the United
States government to graduate and reduce the price
of its lands3 If it was a fact that the State govern-
ments in New York, in Maine, in New Hampshire,
in Massachusetts, in Kentucky, and elsewhere, had
reduced the price of their refuse land, (and no one
would controvert or deny that they had,) with what
face could their representatives in Congress oppose
the adoption of the same principle here, applying
the State systems to the refuse lands of this govern-
ment? There must be some humbuggery where
there was so great and glaring an inconsistency; and
if gentlemen would go to the bottom of the matter,
they would find that the price as greatly needed re-
duction in the government lands as it did in the
State lands. Was there no chord reaching the
hearts of gentlemen, with proper vibrations, which
he could touch to produce the effect so much desired
by the country'
[The hour allotted to Mr. H. here expired, and
Mr. McDowell of Ohio obtained the floor; but, at
the earnest request of Mr. Houston, consented to
spare him a few minutes out of his hour.]
Mr. H. said that he was under great obligation to
his friend from Ohio for this indulgence. He should
not have asked it had he not been very desirous of
calling the attention of the committee to one fact,
which so strongly illustrated the last position he had
assumed that he could not consent to let it pass.
The fact he referred to was the course adopted by
Congress and the legislature of Tennessee in dispos-
ing of the public lands of that State. They were
United States lands. But Tennessee was, by a
law of Congress passed in 1841, constituted the
agent for selling them, and restricted in price not to
sell them for less than twelve and a half cents per
acre. And on what principle did she dispose of
them? Did she, when her own personal or State
interest alone was concerned, hold the lands she had
to sell at a dollar and a quarter an acre? No. She
pursued a more rational course. She regulated
her price by the value of what she had to sell,
and threw large tracts of land into the market at
twelve and a half cents per acre; just as good lands
as those proposed to be graduated by this bill.
So that even this government has sanctioned,
adopted, and acted upon the very principles upon
which this bill is made to rest as a predicate.
He said this government had virtually reduced and
graduated the price of its lands in the State of Ten-
nessee, by authorizing that State to sell them at
twelve and a half cents per acre. All he demanded
now at the hands of the government was, to do by
other lands, of as poor, stenl, and valueless soil,
m other States, as it had done in Tennessee: he
wanted equal and evenhanded justice meted out to
all—which he had a right to demand and expect;
and as this government had adopted the principle in
that State, it should not hesitate to adopt it in others,
in relation to lands of the same quality. He could
not see how gentlemen distinguished between the
cases. There are gentlemen now opposing this bill,
who probably voted for the law of 1841, reducing
the price in Tennessee; there are others opposing it
who represent States where this principle has ob-
tained, and been practised upon, for a quarter of a
century, or more: some of whom, very probably,
as members of their State legislatures, have there
given it their unqualified sanction and support. Then
why this reversing and changing—this marching
and countermacliing? He asked gentlemen for a
reason for it; and unless a good and sensible reason
should be given, he would tell them, that they
would but create discord, dissatisfaction and jealousy
in the minds of their friends in the new States as to
our action here. He did not desire to impugn the
motives of gentlemen, but he must be permitted to
say, it looked very strange to him, as well as his
constituents, to see gentlemen refuse, to the citizens
of the new States, that which they afforded to their
own people; to see them obstructing the prosperity
of the West and South, imposing heavy burdens
upon them, by tariffs and other things, and then re-
fusing to sell them -a home to live upon—a place
where they can raise and educate their children—
unless they would give two or three prices for it. It
appeared to "him there was a radical error in this
state ,of things; it seemed to lack the proper spirit
which should govern us all. Again, in the treaty
made by government with the Chickasaw Indians,
the same provisions were made as were contained
in this bill. The whole fund arising from the lands
possessed by these Indians was set apart to create
what was called the Chickasaw fund; and to raise
this fund, what was the process pursued? To sell
no land under a dollar and a quarter? No. During
the first year they sold at that price; during the sec-
ond year they sold at a dollar; during the third year
they sold at fifty cents; during the fourth year at
twenty-five cents per acre; and for the residue of the
land they asked twelve and a half cents. And what
had been the consequence? The consequence had
been that, when this plan had been pursued, more
land was sold than in any other part of the State; and
that this was not sold to speculators residing at a dis-
tance, but to actual settlers, was evinced by the fact,
that in the part of the district of the State which Mr. H.
had the honor to represent, which was embraced in th e
Chickasaw purchase, the resident population was
more dense than it was any where else. Such was
the practical result of graduation in Alabama; such
it had been in Tennessee; and precisely such it had
been in Mississippi; in which last named State
much the largest portion of the Chickasaw lands
was included. Mr. H. said, wc had not only the
test of experience, but actual classification by the re-
gisters and receivers, and the sales at the various
offices to which he had already alluded. We had
not merely the action and experience of all of the
States, [having lands of their own to dispose of,] and
the immense, incalculable benefits resulting there-
from. We had not only the action and sanction of
this government, in disposing of its public lands in
the State of Tennessee; we had not only the addi-
tional sanction of this government of the principles
of this bill (and much stronger) in its treaty with
the Chicksaw tribe of Indians for their territory,
and the actual, undisputed, and unparalleled bene-
ficial results emanating from it to the whole coun-
try, but we had them all combined together, to
guide us on this occasion. And if such a mass of
experience, such a string of precedents and tests,
as was presented in the various cases to which he
had referred, failed to convince the members of this
House of the value, importance, and necessity of the
bill now under discussion, for the prosperity of the
country, and the ample protection of the people,
they would not believe, "though one should rise
from the dead."
SPEECH OF MR. NILES,
OP CONNECTICUT,
In Senate, January 16, 1845.—%i the bill to reduce
the rates of postage, &c.
Mr. NILES having offered the following amend-
ment as a substitute for the first section of the bill:
Strike out all the first section, after the enacting
clause, and insert the following:
"That, from and after the passage of this act, all letters
conveyed in the mail shall be rated and charged with post-
age, as follows: Kach letter or packet convey ed, according
to the usual course of the mail, any distance not exceeding
one hundred miles, shall be rated and charged five cents
postage; and each letter or packet conveyed a gieuter dis-
tance than one hundred miles shall be rated and charged ten
ccents postage. And each letter or packet, whether com-
posed of one or more pieces, or containing an enclosure or
not, "which shall not exceed one-half ounce in weight, shall
be considered a single letter, and rated and charged accord-
ingly; if weighing more than a half and not exceeding three-
quarters of an ounce, it shall be considered as a double let-
ter, and charged twice the aforesaid rates of postage; if
weighing more than three-quarters and not exceeding one
ounce, it shall be considered a triple letter, and charged
three times the- above rates, and for every additional half
ounce, or fraction of a half ounce, there shall be charged the
rate of a single letter: Prodded. That it shall not be lawful
to enclose in any letter conveyed in the mail any other
letter or letters directed to a different person or persons, or
to enclose several letters, directed to different persons, in
one envelop;' and any person who shall deposit, or cause
to be deposited, in any post office, to be conveyed in the
mail, any letter, containing one or more letters enclosed, di-
rected to different persons, or deposit, or cause to be so d^-
posited, several letters, directed to different persons, enclos-
ed in One envelop ; and the person receiving the same, who
shall deliver, or cause to be delivered, to the persons to
whom the same are directed, any letter or letters* so unlaw-
ful]}- conveyed m the mail, shall iorfeit the sum of twenty-
dollars—one-half to the informer, and the other half to the
Post Office Department; and it shaft bethe duty of all post-
masters to report all violations of this provision of this act,
which may come to their knowledge, to the district attor-
ney of the United States for the district in which the offence
may be committed, whose duty it shall be to prosecute the
same."
Mr. Miller having idso moved to amend the
bill by inserting three cents for any distance not ex-
ceeding thirty miles, and fifteen cents for any dis-
tance beyond four hundred miles—
Mr. Niles spoke as follows:
Mr. President: The proposition offered as am
amendment by the senator from New Jersey.
[Mr. Miller,] relates to the mam feature of
the bill, and very properly brings that under con-
sideration. Without intending to debate the bill
at length, or to consider its less important provis-
ions, he had intended to give very briefly his views
in regard to the main feature of the um, wmch was
embraced in the first section, and consisted tn a re
duction from a very high to a low rate of postage.
The amendment proposed would introduce one
lower and one higher rate, than was contained in
the bill; and as he desired to make a fair trial of the
system of low postage, he had no objection to the
first part of the amendment; but, on the contrary, he
was inclined to favor it, but was opposed to the lat
ter part, as he could not consent to a higher rate ot
single postage than ten cents. This measure is
perhaps, to be regarded in the light of an experi
ment; and, to give it a fair trial, we must bring the
rates of postage down to a low point, although it
might not be easy to decide what that point should
be. The post office establishment (said Mr. N.)
is in a singular condition. It revenues have been
falling off for several years, and are now in-
sufficient to sustain its expenses; and, at the same
time, the public are complaining that your rates of
postage are too high; and so strong is this senti-
ment, that the law is openly violated, and private
expresses are established between all the important
commercial cities, which convey a large portion of
the letters which otherwise would be conveyed in
the mail. Under these circumstances, what is to be
done? We want to raise more revenue, at the very
time that public sentiment demands a reduction of
the postage tax. Some saving has been made in
the recent lettings of contracts, and the department
has made all the curtailments which the public in-
terest will admit of, and still the revenue is deficient.
Reduction of expenses and greater economy might
aid the department some, but cannot extricate it
from its embarrassments; besides, the public de-
mand a reduced rate of postage. It appeared to
him that there was but one course to pursue, and
that was to revolutionize the whole system, and to
look to another resource to restore the declining
revenue of the department—the increase of letters to
be conveyed through the mail. To make this re-
source available, requires a low rate of postage,
which may draw all letters, now senfby private ex-
presses and otherwise, into the mail, and gradually
change the habits of our citizens, and greatly in-
crease the correspondence of the country. This
would be an experiment, and perhaps a hazardous
one, if we had no light to guide us but opinions and
calculations as to the probable results of so great a
change in our mail system.
But fortunately, if we have no experience of our
own, we have the experience of another country,
which has pretty fairly tested the operation of a
system of low postage; and he begged leave to call
the attention of the Senate more particularly than
had been done to the results of t'ie experiment
which had been made in England, of what is there
called the penny system. Their establishment dif-
fers in some respects from ours, and possesses con-
siderable advantages over it in regard to the expense
of the mail service. The country was not only of
limited extent compared with ours, but the trans-
portation was performed at a much lower rate.
There are in Great Britain but about 21,000 miles
of post routes, whilst we have, as appears by the
last report from the department, more thun 144,000
miles. Their average compensation for railroad
service is but about ninety-six dollars per mile per
annum for the conveyance generally of four mails
daily. Here two hundred and thirty-seven dollars
per mile is paid on many of our railroads for two
mails per day. In England, the average rate of
coach service is hardly three cents per mile for th<j
