210
APPENDIX TO 'THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOfife.
28th Cong 2d Sess.
Post Office Bill—Mr. Jfiles.
Jan. 1845.
—  ! f—
Senate.
actual distance the mail is conveyed, or about an
average of twenty-two dollars per mile for the length
of the routes. Here the cost of coach service is a frac-
tion over eight cents per mile for the actual distance
the mail is carried, or an average of from §60 to $70
per mile for the extent of the routes. These
differences are greatly against us. But there is an
important fact to be taken into the account; which
s, that, with the very low rate of two cents letter post-
age, and no charge for newspapers, their revenues
greatly exceed the expenses of the establishment.
According to the statement in a report just received
from the department, it appears, that m 1843, the
excess, or net revenue in England was <£643,727,
or exceeding the sum of three millions of dollars.
It is true, more than five hundred thousand pounds
of this surplus was expended for the packet service,
but that was no part of the inland mail service.
The whole receipts in England, in 1843, were
.£1,620,000; so it appears that the surplus, or ex-
cess over the expenditure, was more than one-thiid
part of the whole revenue which accrued. It is
true that part of this income accrued from postages
on foreign letters, but considerably less, he believed,
than the expenses of the packet service; so that it is
not easy to ascertain precisely what is the excess or
surplus of the receipts of the inland mail service
over its expenditures. It is certainly, however, a
large sum. This excess of receipts over expen-
ditures is a large margin, and would seem to
be sufficient to meet all the additional charges
to which our system is subjected. Let me
now call attention to the effect of the penny
system upon the revenue, as compared with what it
was under the old system. It went into operation
in January, 1840; and the falling off of the revenue
that year, as cpmpared with the average revenue for
the five proceeding years, was <£1,240,000, being
about 43 per cent. But this was the result of
a single year. Unfortunately, the statement
does not inform us what has been the increase
the last three years. But we know it has
gone on increasing, and has not yet fully developed
its efficiency in producing revenue. He had seen a
statement somewhere, that the postage revenue the
past year had increased 13 per cent., whilst then-
other revenues had increased only one and a half per
cent. Thirteen per cent, on the gross revenue of
<£1,600,000 is about i'200,000; and the three last
years, therefore, at this rate, have produced an in-
crease of revenue to the amount of about <£600,000,
or one-half of the falling off during the first year; so
that it would seem that the decline in the revenue at
the close of the fourth year was but about <£600,000,
or something like 20 per cent, of the former amount,
and the increase is still going on; so that we may
reasonably suppose that in a few years more the
whole deficiency will be made good, and the post-
age revenue be as great as it was under the old sys-
tem; and this astonishing result will have been pro-
duced by a two-cent rate of postage—little more
than one-fourth of the average rate in the bill now
before us. Whatever errors of fact or estimate there
may be in these statements, it is certain that the
great experiment in England has been successful—
decidedly, triumphantly so. And who has, or can,
duly estimate the importance of this great re-
form measure, in its pervading influences on the
varied interest of society? We can judge something
of this, by public sentiment there; and we find, that
at this time, the author of this low-postage system,
is regarded by the whole nation as a public benefac-
tor; as one who has conferred great and lasting ben-
efits on his country; and the people are now mani-
festing their sense of the good lie has done, by some
public testimonial of national gratitude, worthy of a
great and intelligent people to bestow, and of a pub-
lic benefactor to receive.
Such has been the result of this great experiment
in England; and why may we not anticipate equal
benefits and equal blessings from it here? It has in-
ceased the letters transmitted by mail there four-
fold, and has swelled the number, during the last
year, to the astonishing amount of222,000,000; whilst
m this country, with nearly the same population,
the letters sent through the mails did not, probably,
exceed twenty-six millions. In the most flourishing
year of our establishment, (in 1836,) the number of
letters charged with postage, were but about 29,000-
000. How vast is the difference! And the benefits
of the two systems are not to be estimated accord-
ing to this difference, but according to the amount
of communications through the mail in each
country, and the charge or cost attending them.
The British system confers on the people of that
country all- the advantages and benefits, in rela-
tion to business and social intercourse, of more
than two hundred and twenty millions of communi-
cations through the mail, at a charge of two cents
each; whilst our system dispenses only the benefits
of twenty-six millions of communications, at an
average charge of (say) 15 cents for each letter. The
number of letters is more than eight to one; whilst
the cost is but about one-eight part there of what it
is here on the letters transmitted.
Mr. N. said he was for a system of low postage,
both as an end and as a means; he went for low
postage for the advantages and blessings it would
confer, and also as the most effectual way of raising
the necessary revenue. Fortunately, these two ob-
jects, both so desirable in the present condition of
the finances of our establishment, were united; the
more letters conveyed, the greater the benefits, and
the greater the revenue. And yet senators seem to
fear the effects of this change upon the finances of
the department. If it has increased the letters there
four-fold, why will it not have the same, or a similar,
result here? If they are an active business peopl#,
cannot the same be said of our citizens? If they are an
educated, intelligent, and sociable people, are not
the population of the United States as well and as
universally educated, as generally intelligent, and
as much under the impulse of social feelings? To
realize the full benefits and advantages of this
change in our system, in its financial and other
aspects, would, he was aware, require time. But
let us give it a fair trial, and m four or five years we
shall all, even the most sanguine, be astonished in
its results. But to do this, the postage must be
brought down to a low point. What that point
was, senators might differ about; but it must be a
low point, or the principle of the system will not
be tested. A moderate reduction of the rates of
postage—as from 6| cents to 5, from 12| to 10,from
18J to 15, and from 25 to 20—would do no good; it
would not increase the letters, and would only di-
minish the revenue in proportion to the reduction of
the rates; and a much larger reduction would not
answer; it would not give scope to the principle.
You must not change the system merely; you must
revolutionize it; you must construct it on a new
principle; you must bring the postage so low that it
will cease to be fell as a tax or a burden—so low
that all shall be able and willing to pay it, and
that none shall feel it. When this is done, you
will not only draw into the mails all the letters that
are now conveyed through private expresses and
other channels, but you will change the habits of
the people. Coreespondence will rapidly increase,
and your finances will become flourishing. Suppose
the increaseis three-fold, that will give nearly one hun-
dred millions ofletters annually, which, at an average
rate of four cents, would produce nearly four millions
of dollars; and at the average of 1\ cents, as it now
stands in the bill, it would give you seven millions.
He would not say, the lower the rate the greater
would be the revenue; but he was persuaded that
we might safely go lower than the rates named in
the bill. But did he think differently on this point—
did he believe that the low rate would give less rev-
enue than a medium rate—he should go for the low
rate, as that was the great object he wished to at-
tain, whatever might be its influence on the revenue.
A system of low postage, was what the people de-
manded; they believe it to be reasonable and just,
and they will have it. Public opinion is in advance
of Congress; we are lagging along behind it; the peo-
ple see and appreciate the immense advantages of a
system of low postage. They have had a foretaste of
these advantages, through the private expresses,
and they will not relinquish them. They ask to
have these advantages, now enjoyed by a few, made
general over the whole Union, and extend to all
classes alike. It was doing great injustice to this
great reform measure, to look at it only in its finan-
cial aspect. The benefits and blessings which it will
bring upon the country, who can estimate? Who
has sagacity or wisdom enough to foresee the results
of a great and powerful impulse suddenly imparted
to twenty millions of people, spread over the larg-
est country in the world, in their business,
in their social intercourse, in the communica-
tion of their thoughts, and the diffusion of their kin-
dred and friendly feelings? Who can estimate its
social and moral influences? And has it no political
bearing? Will it not strengthen the bond of the
Union as well as the ties of friendship? Will it not
call forth and strengthen the affections of the people
for the government and laws under which they live?
This is a sort of frontier government, it acts upon
our foreign borders and beyond them; it regulates
your foreien commerce; provides and takes care of
the public defences; but in the private concerns of in-
dividuals its action is scarcely known or felt. This
branch'-of it—the mail establishment—is the only
one that comes home to the people; and this
reaches all, comes home to every femily, and
every member of it. Who is there that does
not, occasionally, either send or receive letters
through the mail? How extensive and universal is
the interest in this branch of the public revenue !
AH are concerned in it. The man of business in his
active pursuits; the man of fortune in retirement; the
poor as well as the rich; the foreigner in our bor-
ders; and those in the most humble condition, and
with the scantiest means, are interested in the post-
age tax, and have to contribute their mite towards
sustaining the establishment. As the mail establish-
ment is so extensive in its influence, is it not impor-
tant that the action of the government, in that de-
Cartment, which comes home to individuals, should
e seen and felt only in its beneficence, m the good
it accomplishes in being a cheap and universal in-
strument in facilitating the business and intercourse
of the people?
To obtain to their full extent these advantages,
we must adopt the principle of low postage; and
that will, no doubt, give us the most revenue; but
if there was much more doubt on that point than
he thought there was, we were called on to adopt it.
The "public interest required it; the voicc of the
people demanded it; and they would have it. They
demand it, because they consider the present' rates
unjust and oppressive. They demand it, therefore,
irrespective of its influence on the finances of the
department. If this reform should, for a few years,
devolve on the treasury some portion of the ex-
penses of the mail establishment, that could be no
objection in carrying out a measure of such great
importance, and which public sentiment so impe-
riously demanded. The bill makes a contingent
appropriation of $750,000; and as it would require
time for th  low-postage pi mciple to develop its full
capacity of procuring "revenue, he felt bound to say
that, in his judgment, this sum might be required
the first year, and possibly the second. But no evil
could follow from this, and he was satisfied the peo-
ple would approve it. If low postage cannot be
secured without a partial charge upon the treasury,
then that charge should be borne. And is it not
right and just' Can anything be mote unjust and
unreasonable than the tax now imposed on mail
correspondence? The whole income of the depart-
ment, with the exception of about.half a million of
dollars, is derived from letter postage; whilst the let-
ters constitute but about 10 per cent, of the whole
weight and bulk of the mails. Some years since a
trial was made to ascertain the relative proportions
of the letter and other parts of the mails; and during
two weeks all mail matter deposited at several of
the principal post offices in the Union was weighed;
and as nearly as could be determined from this ex-
periment, the printed matter constituted more than
90 per cent, of the whole mails. Well, how much
revenue is derived from newspapers and other print-
ed matter? Why, a little over half a million of dol-
lars; but one-half of this goes'to the postmasters, so
that but little more than a quarter of a million is
received for the transportation ofthe newspaper mail,
constituting nine-tenths of the whole. The whole
expenses of transportation are nearly three mil-
lions—he believed two millions and nearly nine hun-
dred thousand dollars the last year, according to the
official statement. And whilst the letters are only
about 10 per cent, of the whole mails, they are
charged with more than two and a half millions of
dollars for transportation, and the newspaper mail,
forming 90 per cent., pays less than three hundred
thousand dollars. Is there any equality or justice
in this? If public policy requires that we should
facilicate the dissemination of intelligence, and con-
vey newspapers and pamphlets at a mere nominal
charge, let us do it. But why throw the expense,
or that part of it which exceeds the newspaper
postage, on to the correspondence? Is it right or
just to tax one man, who sends a letter in the mail,
several times more than the service costs, because
you convey a newspaper for another man for seve-
ral times less than its cost5 If the public interest
requires that printed matter should be transmitted in
the public mail, at a charge greatly below the actual
cost, then the additional charge should be borne by
the public equally, like all other public burdens.
If one-half of this portion of the expenditure for
transporting the mails was made a charge upon the
