212
APPENDIX fOtffi CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
Jan. 1845.
28th Cong.....2d Sess.
Annexation of Texas—Mr. Seymour.
H. of Reps.
all the post-riders, by whose agency most of the
newspapers in the'eastern States are distributed to
their subscribers, and deprive the people of the privi-
lege of receiving newspapers at their own doors, which
they have long enjoyed. And what is the reason as-
signed for this alarming invasion of private rights?
Why, it is said, that if private posts are allowed to
carry newspapers, they will carry letters also in
violation of the law. He denied the truth of this
reason; and if true, it would not justify the means by
which it is proposed to remedy the evil. The class
of post-riders to which he alluded, are not of recent
date, originating from the prevailing disposition to
violate the post office laws; they are as old as the
oldest newspaper establishments in the country.
Reduce the postage to a reasonable rate, so as satisfy
the public mind, and the violations of the law will
cease. But the honorable chairman tells us that there
can be no just grounds of complaint, as papers can be
sent within 30 miles in the mail free of postage. The
answer to this is, that the people do not wish to re-
ceive their papers by mail; they do not desire to go
several miles to a post office when they can have
them delivered at their doors. Newspapers are dis-
tributed in various ways, according as it may suit the
convenience of subscribers; some are sent by regular
post-riders; in other instances the subscribers m a
neighborhood send for them, or one of the number
distributes them one.week and another the next,
and thus divide the service among them. And
would you compel them to get a license from the
Postmaster General to do this? It would be an in-
convenience that they would not submit to, and
ought not to submit to. And why attempt to force
all newspapers into the mail for distribution? They
are no benefit in point of revenue, as it costs more to
convey them than the postage received. They are a
charge and a burden on the department, which has
to be sustained by the postage received from letters.
The better way would be, in his judgment, to leave
the conveyance of newspapers, and all periodicals,
entirely free; but when sent in the mail to subject
them to a reasonable postage. In that case no one
can complain. He would not extend the monopoly
principle of the system, and he hoped this odious
feature would be stricken from the bill. "Whilst
securing to the country the advantages ot cheap
postage, he would not unnecessarily interfere with
private rights.
SPEECH OF MR. D. L. SEYMOUR,
of new york,
hi the House of Representatives, January 23, 1845—
In Committee of the Whole on the state of the
Union, on the joint resolutions for the annexation
of Texas.
Mr. SEYMOUR addressed the Committee as
-follows.
Mr. Chairman: I hardly expect to present any
views entirely new on a subject which has already
been discussed by so many gentlemen of distinguish-
ed talent. I have sought the floor with no such
anticipation, but simply for the purpose of stating
some of those reasons which will guide me in the
vote which I am about to give. - Ever since this
question of annexation was first proposed, I have
been a decided friend of the measure; always re-
garding it as a movement of the greatest national im-
portance. I dissent from the opinion expressed by
the gentleman from Pennsylvania, [Mr. J. R. In-
cersoll,] that the territory of Texas is far from
being as valuable and productive as its ardent friends
have anticipated. Look at the vast area claimed to
be within its limits. The soil, the climate, its ex-
tensive prairies, and its higher ranges, adapted to the
raising of flocks and herds. Then consider its facil-
ities for internal navigation, its mighty rivers navi-
gable for many hundreds of miles. The level part
of this territory, embracing a large district extending
from the coast back into the interior, is better fitted
for the productions of a tropical climate than the
most favored portions of our southern States. Back
of this, is a belt of country of an undulating
surface with a more salubrious climate, and
a soil well suited to the production of our great
southern staple; west of that, and constituting
by far the greater part of the territoiy, is
the more elevated country, eminently adapted
to the products of our western States—wheat, Indian
corn, flocks and herds. In fine, the whole territory
is represented by intelligent persons, who have
traversed it with ati eye to its capabilities, as abound-
ing in all those resources which, in the hands of
fin industrious and enterprising people, wilt ulti-
mately make it a rich and powerful country. Look
there at its extent—it is of itself an empire.
Compare it with the kingdoms of Europe. • Lay it
by the side of Prussia—it is three times as large;
twice the size of the United Kingdom of Great Brit-
ain and Ireland; larger than France; and equal in
area to the whole German empire. Bring this coun-
try under the protection of our government—let the
emigrant, whether from the United States or from
foreign climes, be assured of the guardianship o f
our laws, and its population will soon increase as
rapidly as that of the most favored parts of the
Union. Then its resources will be developed, its
capabilities for the successful prosecution of all
branches of national industry tested; and to us and
to our posterity will all these advantages redound.
The wealth, the population, the power of Texas
will be ours. When, therefore, I have contempla-
ted the position of our own country, and reflected on
the influence which the acquisition of Texas will
exert on all its varied interests, and especially on the
advantages which will be derived from it to the
prosperity and security of our great commercial de-
pot at New Orleans, I have ever considered the re-
annexation of that rich and productive territory as
in the highest degree desirable. I think so still.
Nor do I fear to enlarge the limits of the republic.
Neither the banks of the Rio del Norte, nor the
shores of fee Pacific, are too remote to form the
boundaries of our country. We do not emulate the
example of ambitious Rome. War was her settled
policy—universal empire her aim. She sent forth
her veteran legions to plant their standards ip every
quarter of the globe. The sacred obligation of trea-
ties was violated—the rights of all nations disregard-
ed, and the whole family of man laid under contri-
bution of blood and treasure to gratify her lust of
power. Our policy is pacific. We have waged but
two wars—the first to achieve our independence—
the last to maintain it. We seek no aggression on
the rights of other - nations, either by arms or the
more insidious mode of attack, unsettling their po-
litical systems, and sapping the foundation of their
governments by the propagations of our own opin-
ions. We hold up before the world the example of
our great republic—leaving to every nation free
choice between their own institutions and ours.
The proposition to enlarge our domain by the ac-
quisition of Texas is consistent with this safe and
pacific policy. It is the easy and natural union of
two contiguous nations, both founded by the Anglo-
Saxon race—both organized upon the same basis of
popular rights and republican equality. The idea
which has been suggested in the course of this de-
bate, that the accession of this territory may, here-
after, when it shall have become populous, endan-
ger the stability of our government, seems to be
founded on an erroneous view of ourf system.
Were it a consolidated government, sustained by a
great central power, this extension might justly ex-
cite the fears of its friends. But, sir, the fathers of
the constitution foresaw and wisely provided against
the dangers incident to that great scale upon which
they had determined to try the experiment of a pop-
ular government. They adopted the federative sys-
tem. By the organic law they retained and fortified
the power and sovereignty of the States. If the
vast area lying between the St. Johns and the Rio
del Norte, and extending from the Atlantic to the
Pacific ocean, shall ever become as (1 fully believe
it is destined to be) one republic, its union will be
formed and preserved by the federative principle,
and by that only.
Let the rights of the States be guarded with jeal-
ousy, and the general government kept within its
proper sphere, confined in its action to the exercise
of those plain and well-defined powers granted in
the constitution, and there will be no danger of its
falling by its own weight. While the internal and
domestic concerns of the citizens of the several
States of this mighty confederation are regulated by
the State authorities in their own way, its foreign
relations and the interests of the nation at large will
be managed and sustained by the government of the
Union. Thus the theory of our government may
be carried, in its practical operation, to the extent
prescribed by its founders.
As early as 1788, while the fears of 3ome and
the jealousies of others were shaking the confidence
of the American people in the constitution which
had been promulgated for their adoption by the fed-
eral convention, Mr. Madison, with an almost pro-
phetic ken, defined the extent and the future destiny
of the infant republic. He says;
"The error which limits republican government to a
narrow district lias been unfolded and refuted in preceding
papery. I remarlt here, only, that it seems to owe its rise
and prevalence chiefly to the confounding a republic with a
democracy, and applying to the former reasonings drawn
from the nature of the latter. The true distinction between
these forms was only adverted to on a former occasion. It
is, that in a democracy the people meet and exercise the
government in person; in a republic, they assemble and ad-
minister it by their representatives and agents. A democ-
racy, consequently, must be confined to a small spot. A. re-
public may be extended over a large region. To this acci-
dental source of error may be added the artifice of some
celebrated authors, whose writings have had a great share
in forming the modern standard of political opinions. Be-
ing subjects of an absolute or limited monarchy, they have
endeavored to heighten the advantages or palliate the evils
of those lorms, by placing in comparison with them the
vices and defects of the republican, and by citing as speci-
mens of the latter, the turbulent democracies of ancient
Greece and modern Italy. Under the confusion of names,
it has been an easy task to transfer to a republic observa-
tions applicable to a democracy only.'and, among others,
the observation that it—a republic—can never he established
but among a small number of people, living within a small
compass of territory. Such a fallacy may have been the
less perceived, as most of the popular governments of an-
tiquity were of the democratic species; and even in modern
Europe, to which we owe the great principle of representa-
tion, no example is seen of a government wholly popular,
and founded at the same time wholly on that principle.
If Europe has the merit of discovering this great mechani-
cal power in government, by the simple agency of which
the will of the largest political body maybe concentrated,
and its force directed to any object which the public good
requires; Amenea may claim the merit of making the dis-
covery the basis of unmixed and extensive republics.
"As the natural limits of a democracy is that distance
from the central point which will just permit the most re-
mote citizens to assemble as often as their public functions
demand, and will include no greater number than can join
in these functions, so the natural limit of a-repubhc is that
distance from the centre which will barely allow the repre
sentetires of the people to meet as often as may be neces-
sary for the administration of the public affairs."
Such, then, are the natural limits of our political
system. We can now measure it a'most as accu-
rately as if we could penetrate the far distant future.
It is not to be limited by the natural barriers of
rivers or mountains. It prescribes its own bounda-
ries by its capacity to attain the object of all free
governments—the greatest good of the greatest
number. We may go on adding State after State,
so long as the representatives of the roost remote
shall be able, according to the provisions of the
constitution, to meet at the common centre, and
participate in the necessary legislation of the na-
tion.
It is not, therefore, the apprehension that .we
shall, by the annexation of Texas, justly expose
ourselves to the charge of a wild and phrensied
ambition—a thirst for power, or an unprincipled
effort at national aggrandisement. It is not the idle
fear of extending the area of the republic, and add-
ing new stars to our national escutcheon, which
constrains me to oppose the resolutions on your ta-
ble. No, sir: no arguments drawn from such con-
siderations have weight with me.
But, sir, important as I regard the acquisition of
this territory—ardently as I desire it—I cannot dis-
regard the terms or the mode of its annexation.
These terms must be honorable in themselves, and
just in their bearing upon the different sections of
our country; and the mode, too, must be in accord-
ance with the spirit of the constitution, or the
measure cannot receive my support.
Before I approach the consideration of these topics,
I will briefly advert to another point which has been
raised during -the course of this debate. Through-
out this discussion, the committee have been told
that the people have decided this question during the
late election, and the assertion has been made with
such confidence, that one not acquainted with the
circumstances would be led to suppose that the peo-
ple had acted on all the terms and conditions of an-
nexation, and had fixed the manner in which it was
to be effected. Gentlemen have drawn the infer-
ence that all those who should vote against the reso-
lutions before the committee would vote against the
known and expressed will of the people, the natural
and political sovereigns of the republic. No one in
this House will bow with more profound respect
to the declared will of the people than I shall. I
have always looked upon the people themselves as
the great safeguaid of their own liberties. Politi-
cians the most upright may err, and statesmen of
the greatest wisdom and experience may be con-
founded; but the intelligence, common sense, and
virtue of the people constitute the surest and best
guide to their legislators. What have the people
decided on this question? and what is the amount of
that vox popuii vox .(let which has been continually
rung in our ears. A gentleman from Georgia [Mr.
Haraison] has referred us to a resolution adopted
