Jan. 1845.
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
213
28th Cong 2d Sess.
Annexation of Texas—Mr. Seymour.
H. of Reps.
adopted by the Baltimore convention of May last.
I agree that those who adopted this resolution, com-
ing as they did immediately from the people, may
be supposed to have indicated the popular will on
this'subject. But what is the amount of this resolution
which seems to be regarded "as emboying in itself
any and all principles and modes whatsoever of an-
nexation?
The convention resolved first upon a general dec-
laration of their principles; they put forth to the
world their political creed; not merely for the present
moment, but for all time. They reasserted the doc-
trines maintained by the fathers of the constitution,
and the great lights of the democratic party. AH
this confession of faith they embodied in due form.
But what more?
It is fortunate that we are not left in doubt on this
point. A resolution was adopted at the Baltimore
convention relative to Oregon and Texas—not, sir,
as part of a declaration of principles—not as an in-
gredient in the democratic creed; no; but, as a sort of
codicil to it—a cool, temperate, modest recommenda-
tion; so broad and comprehensive in its terms, and
admitting so much latitude of construction, that any
democrat who shall feel constrained to vote against
the resolutions on your table, will hardly, for that
reason, I believe, be in danger of political ostracism.
But to the resolution. It reads as follows:
"Resolved, That our title to the whole of the Territory of
Oregon is clear and unquestionable; that no portion of the
same ought to be ceded to England or any other power;
and that the rcoccupation of Oregon, and the redimexation
of Texas, at the earliest practicable period, are great Amer-
ican measures, which this convention recommend to the
cordial support of the democracy of the Union."
This resolution asserts that the reannexation of
Texas is a great American measure. Is this a new
proposition? The acquisition of this country has
for twenty years past been deemed a great Ameri-
can measure. It was so in 1825 and 1827, when,
by two successive negotiations, the administration
of Mr. Adams endeavored to regain this territory,
and offered one million of dollars for it. It was so
in 1829 and 1835, when General Jackson negotiated
for its recession, and offered five millions of dollars
for its recovery. But the resolution goes on to rec-
ommend the consummation of this great measure,
not to day nor to-morrow, but at the "earliest prac-
ticable period." This gives the true character to
the resolution. It leaves a proper latitude to the
representatives of the people to discuss and delibe-
rate upon the time, the manner, and the terms in
which this object was to be accomplished. These,
sir, are the considerations now before the committee,
and they are the only matters pertaining to this
question about which there has been a dissenting
voice heard from the democratic party in this House.
But, sir, since party action has been invoked as
our guide, the declaration of political principles, as
set forth by the Baltimore convention, may be of
some further use to us. I will therefore take the
liberty of referring gentlemen to another proposition
embraced in the cardinal doctnncs of the democrat-
ic creed promulgated by that body. This, too, 1
suppose, has received the sanction of the people. It
reads as follows:
"That the constitution does not confer authoritj' upon
the federal government, directly or indirectly, to assume
the debts of the several States, contracted for local internal
improvement^, or other State purposes; jior would such an
assumption be just and expedient."
This, sir, was but an expression of what had al-
ready been decided, on a very grave question.
Would it not be well to inquire whether, by the
annexation of a foreign State in the manner pro-
posed, this important principle, so recently sanc-
tioned by the people, may not be violated? It is
declared to be inexpedient, unjust, and unconsti-
tutional, to assume the payment of the debts con-
tracted by the States of this Union, but the debt of
Texas is the debt of a foreign State—a State whose
independence has been acknowledged by us, and by
the principal powers of Europe. She lies, in-
deed, contiguous to our territory, and many of her
citizens were our own; but her debt is as much a
foreign debt as is that of Great Britain; and there is
as much propriety and constitutionality in the as-
sumption of the debt of the one as of the other.
Sir, if any juncture of circumstances would war-
rant this government in stretching its constitution-
al power, it is certainly that in which the indebted
States of this Union are now placed, burdened as
they are with a debt of two hundred millions of dol-
lars. These State debts have, for the most part,
been contracted from the best motives, and for the
best objects—objects not narrow and local, but nat-
ural, of universal advantage, and calculated to de-
velop the rich natural resources of the whole coun-
try. Aroused by the feverish excitement of the
times, and impelled by a laudable ambition, the
States put forth efforts, which are now crush-
ing many of them to the earth. They have
asked aid to save their sinking credit, and
to relieve their burdened people; and !yet
we have felt constrained to turn a deaf ear to their
appeals, and to leave them to struggle with their
debts as they best may. I shall not attempt to
elaborate this question of the assumption of State
debts. It is enough for me to know that I find no
power authorizing it in the constitution, and that a
large majority of the people have decidcd againstit,
not only as unconstitutional, but as highly inexpe-
dient; more especially from the injurious precedent
it would set for after timss.
If such, then, be our settled policy, dictate alike
by high considerations of public expediency and a
regard to the fundamental law of the land, liow can
the assumption of the debts of a foreign State be
justified? Shall the bright visions of national ag-
grandisement which, during this debate, have been
so frequently opened to our gaze, quite blind our
perception of the course of safe, prudent, and con-
stitutional legislation? I know we are told that this
objection will be obviated by leaving the unappro-
priated lands of Texas untouched, and permitting
her to pay her own debts out of their proceeds.
Such -a course would undoubtedly solve the diffi-
culty, if there should chance to be unappropriated
lands sufficient to discharge the debts, and the pro-
ceeds should be faithfully appropriated. But to
what do the debts of Texas amount' What authen-
tic data have we from which to estimate their sum?
Have any official returns on this important ques-
tion, among the many connected with annexation,
been laid before us? Congress refuse to build a
custom-house, or a dock, or establish an arsenal, or
a navy-yard, without an estimate officially made of
the probable expense, as well as a report setting
forth the utility of the object. The defunct. treaty
of last year, now resuscitated and presented by the
Committee on Foreign Affairs as the basis of an-
nexation, as though we might be imprudent to
risk the paying of the whole debt without limit,
essayed to fix the maximum of liability at ten mil-
lions of dollars. Yet who does net know that, if
Texas be admitted into the Union, her sovereignty
is merged in ours, and that, as a necessary conse-
quence, the Tcxian creditor, unless the payment of
his claims be fully provided for by the act of an-
nexation itself, will justly look to us for reimburse-
ment'
Texas, as an independent nation, is now amenable
to all the world for her strict observance of good
faith and the fulfilment of her solemn treaties and
compacts. Texas, as a State in our Union of con-
federated States, will no longer be an independent
nation: she will then have become an integral part
of the United States, and, as such, can no longer
treat or be treated with by a foreign power; her sov-
ereignty, so far as it has a national character, will
then be represented in the government of the Uni-
ted States; that government alone can speak and act
for her in reference to foreign nations. Now, sir,
suppose, as is proposed by some of the various res-
olutions before us, we leave to Texas all her public
lands, but take all her other resources—her revenues
to be derived from duties on imports, and all her
public property: having merged her national exist-
ence in our own, and seized upon a large portion of
those means on which her creditors may be sup-
posed to have relied for the discharge of their claims,
—if wc intend to avoid a direct responsibility for
their payment, are wc not bound now, in the very
act of annexation, to leave a sure and ample fund
for the payment of her debts? If so, then, even if
the amount of her indebtedness were officially certi-
fied to us, another and equally important inquiry
would remain to be answered; and that is, how
much public land she yet holds unappropriated.
We have been told that Texas owned a vast quan-
tity of land, out of which an ample fund might be
raised to discharge her debts; but we are just as
destitute of authentic data in regard to the lands as
to the debts. We have, indeed, had a map of
Texas laid on our tables; and from that it appears
that the territory claimed by Texas contains about
three hundred and twenty-four thousand square
miles. But is not the title of Texas to this a mere
claim? Has she established her boundaries up to
the line designated on the map? To say nothing of
the Indian title claimed and defended by the Caman-
ches—one of the most powerful and warlike tribes
which have ever inhabited North America—it is
notorious that no boundary has been traced between
Mexico and Texas.
Even admitting that Texas owned all the territory
as claimed and designated on the map, has any
statement been laid before us either by the Texian
government or our own, showing what portion of
this territory is unappropriated, and not already
covered by private grants? The history of the
times shows that extensive grants of land in this
region were made by the Spanish and Mexican
governments successively, and more recently by
Texas herself. Indeed the latter, since she has
been a republic, has granted her lands with a lavish
hand. She has invited settlers from all parts of the
world, and held out to them the most favorable
terms, that by their presence and labor they might
add to her national strength. Can any one say
how much land has thus been granted? A resolu-
tion was adopted by the Senate long since, and an-
other more recently by this House, calling for infor-
mation respecting the debts and the lands of Texas,
to enable Congress to act at least understanding^
on this subject. Yet to neither of them has a re-
sponse been given. "We are left without authentic
information, to legislate in the dark. We are, in
fact, to assume or provide for the payment of an
unlimited amount of debt in return for an unknown
quantity of land. I protest, therefore, Mr. Chair-
man, to this feature in the resolutions before us, as
repugnant not only to the principles of enlightened
legislation, but to the maxims of common prudence.
Another important subject, connected with the
proposed annexation, is the question of slavery.
Although, by a decree of the republic of Mexi-
co, passed about the year 1829, slavery was abolished
in all the Mexican States; yet, upon the especial
application of Texas, it was allowed and continued
in that State in a limited form, until, upon the es-
tablishment of her independence, she fully incorpo-
rated it into her institutions. If Texas, therefore,
be admitted into the Union, she will be admitted
with the system of domestic slavery in full vigor,
unless some restrictions be placed upon it in the ar-
ticles of annexation.
Admit her into the Union as she is, and any
subsequent attempt to restrict slavery within her
borders, will surely be met with the cry of an
infringement of vested rights. As yet, this institu-
tion exists only in that comparatively small portion
of the territory which is settled. Powerful tribes of
Indians still hold undisputed sway in much the
greater part; a region, too, least of all adapted to the
successful application of slave labor. If, then, any
portion of this rich territory is to be opened to free
labor—if the hardy enterprise of the North is-to be
tempted thither, provision must be made for this in
the articles of annexation. By determining this
question, contemporaneously with the acquisition of
territory, we may avoid most of those difficulties
which, in a State even but partially settled, will ren-
der its adjustment almost impracticable.
I shall not here enter into a discussion of the sub-
ject of slavery, either in its moral aspect, or its
bearing upon the question of political economy. So
far as slavery is regarded in reference to either of
these points, I leave every State to its own free
and unbiased choice to adopt such domestic
institutions as it may deem proper and expedient.
There is, however, one view of slavery presented
by the propositions before us, clearly within the
legitimate sphere of our legislative action on the
present occasion; and one which, permit me to say,
will be closely scanned and most sensibly felt, by
the freemen of the North. It is the political influ-
ence and weight which the accession of the slave ter-
ritory of Texas will give to the southern section of
the Union.
Sir, the basis of representation upon which the
South has been placed by the constitution, resting,
as it does, upon property, as well as upon persons,
is an anomaly in,a free republic. In principle, it is
antagonist to the whole geniu3 of our government—
a government of free, uncontrolled, public opinion,
not of inert matter, nor enslaved mind—a representa-
tive government, too, the basis of the representation
in which should restonly on the/reemraof the nation.
I have no desire to unsettle those compromises of
the constitution by which any of the glorious "old
thirteen" were permitted to enjoy a representation in
the councils of the nation, based as well upon prop-
erty as upon persons—a privilege allowed to the
slave States but denied to the fiee. With all my heart
I say, let that time-honored guaranty, the work of the
