Jan. 1845.
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
215
28th Cong 2d Sess.
Annexation of Texas—Mr. Seymour.
H. of Reps.
Department, savors strongly of the same idea.
The late secretary, Mr. Upshur, in his despatch to
our minister at the court of St. , James, speaking of
an apprehended attempt to abolish slavery in Texas,
says:
"Texas lies immediately on the border of Louisiana and
Arkansas. The slave would have nothing more to do than
simply to cross the Sabine or the Ked river, and he would
find himself a free man- He would he very sure to profit
by the opportunity. All the vigilance which the master
could use—enforced even by a harsher discipline than he
would be willing to exert—would avail nothing. Within a
few years a large proportion of the slaves within the,reach
of the border would seek refuge in Texas; and the remain-
der would be rendered valueless by discontent and danger-
ous insubordination. The slaveholder ought not to submit,
aud would not submit, to this."
The piesent Secretary of State, likewise, in ad-
dressing the British minister, Mr. Pakenham, con-
cerning the efforts of Great Britain to abolish slavery
throughout the world, uses the following language:
"To hazard consequences which would be so dangerous
to the prosperity and safety of this Union, without resorting
to the most effective measures to prevent them, would be,
on the part of the federal government, an abandonment of
the most solemn obligation imposed by the guaranty which
the States, in adopting the constitution, entered into to pro-
tect each other against whatever might endanger" their
safety, whether from without or within. Acting in obe-
dience to this obligation—on which our system of federal gov-
ernment rests—the President directs me to inform you that
a treaty has been concluded between the United States and
Texas for the annexation of the latter to the lormerasa
part of its territory, which will be submitted without delay
to the Senate lor its approval."
The very resolutions on your table, from thejCom-
mittee on Foreign Affairs, were recommended by its
chairman to our adoption by similar arguments.
He told us "the question was a southern question—
a slave question." And permit me to say, that all
this is attempted to be followed up by a course of
legislation which discards a just and fair compromise
between the North and the South—a compromise
which, while it fully protects the interests of the
South, by securing to it an aftiple share of the terri-
tory, and that the portion least adapted to slave la-
bor, opens also to the North and West a fair field for
their enterprise and redundant population—a com-
promise under which at once the highest interests of
the nation would be subserved, and the cause of
freedom $nd humanity advanced.
Such are the causes which have again raised and
given increased strength and power to that "under
current" of which the gentleman from South Caro-
lina complaincd.
But, sir, whatever be the importance of the ac-
quisition of Texas, there is another consideration
of far greater consequence to the country. Jt is
this: that in the consummation of this measure, the
constitution remain inviolate. No mere question of
expediency, however it may be fraught with na-
tional prosperity, can justify the slightest infraction
of that sacred instrument. The prosperity, the
safety and perpetuity of our Union depend upon a
faithful adherence to its provisions.
Sir, I maintain that we have no power under the
constitution to annex foreign territory by a legisla-
tive act. Judging from the tenor of some of the
arguments advanced by the friends of this measure,
we might easily imagine we were living under a con-
solidated government, wielding original, absolute,
and uncontrolled powers—a government, the parent
and not the offspring of State sovereignties—a gov-
ernment which, m its good pleasure, had meted out
to the States within its borders such powers as it
was disposed to part with, and had retained all the
residuum to itself. Hence the argument which has
been repeatedly urged, that the legislative branch of
the government, embracing, as it does, the immedi-
ate representatives of the people, can annex this
territory by virtue of a power inherent in the sov-
ereignty of every State. Such reasoning might ap-
ply to the Parliament of Great Britain, or to the
States of this Union before they had united in a
confederation. But how widely different is the case
under our present system! The^general government
is the mere creature of the States. The constitution
itself was formed by delegates appointed by the
States, and it was ratified by conventions of the
States. It is a government of limited powers, spe-
cified in the constitution. The constitution is a
compact between free and independent States—a
compact by which each and all of the States sur-
rendered certain of their own inherent powers to
the common government of the Union. ' Among
those powers is most clearly to be found that of ac-
quiring foreign territory. This can be done by dis-
covery, by conquest, cr by purchase. There is not
only a natural inherent ability in all govern-
ments of unlimited powers to acquire territo-
ry by these modes, but our constitution, by del-
egating to the general government the whole for-
eign intercourse of the nation, has fully invested it
with the power of acquisition by purchase.^ I know
that, at the period of "the purchase of Louisiana, this
power was questioned. Many of the ablest states-
men and purest patriots of that day doubted the
constitutionality of that measure. Although it was
urged by the necessity of commanding the free and
uninterrupted navigation of the Mississippi, the
main avenue of the trade and commerce of the great
valley of the West, and by an ardent desire, to ex-
tend the area of our repu1 lie to the distant regions
of that territory, yet Mr. Jefferson himself, the
originator of this magnificent idea, doubted the con-
stitutionality of the act. That purchase was m de
by the treaty of 1803; and Mr. Jefferson, in his let-
ter to Mr. Breckenridge, speaking of that treaty,
"This treaty must, of course, be laid before both Houses;
because both have important functions to exercise respect-
ing it. They, I presume, will see their duty to their coun-
try in ratifying and paying for it, so as to secure a good
which would otherwise, probably, be never again in their
power. But I suppose they must then appeal to the nation
for an additional article to the constitution, apgj-oving and
confirming an act which the nation had not previously au-
thorized The constitution has made no provision for our
holding foreign territory, still less-for incorporating foreign
nations into our Union The executive, in seizing the fu-
gitive occurrence which so much advances the good of the
country, has done an act beyond the constitution. The le-
gislature, in casting behind them metaphysical subtilties,
and risking themselves, like faithful servants, must ratify
and pav for it, and throw themselves on their country for
doing for them unauthorized, what we know they would
have done for themselves, had they been m a situation to
do it."
But whatever may have been the doubts of Mr.
Jefferson and other statesmen of that period, I think
the power to acquire foreign territory by negotiation
can no longer be questioned. The purchase of
Louisiana itself, so long acquiesced in without con-
firmation by an amendment of the constitution, as
was suggested bv Mr. Jefferson, and the subsequent
purchase of the Florida® by the treaty of 1819. pre-
sent the strongest possible precedents for the future
exercise of the power. Twenty-six years have
elapsed since the treaty with Spain, and forty-two
since that with France; and so far from their consti-
tutionality being questioned, the lapse of time has
served to settle and confirm them both in the mind
of the nation as not only highly advantageous, but
in strict accordance with the spirit of the constitu-
tion.
The power to annex Texas is conceded to be
vested in the general government. The question to
be decided now is, By what branch of the govern-
ment shall this power be exercised? Shall it be by
the legislative or by the treaty-making power, com-
posed of the President and Senate? When this is
ascertained, its exercise, by the depositary to which
it ha3 been granted, should be most sedulously
guarded.
Let us, then, look to the constitution, and see
whether power has been delegated to the legislative
body to annex a foreign Tenitory to the Union.
The third section of the fourth article provides that
''new States may be admitted by Congress into this
Union." The learned gentleman from Illinois,
[Mr. Douglass,] from this, argues that Congress,
having the power to admit new States into the Union,
and inasmuch as States cannot be admitted without
territory, therefore Congress has power to annex or
acquire foreign territory; and this inference is claim-
ed by virtue of the general grant of power to Con-
gress to "make all laws which shall be necessary
and proper" for carrying into execution the powers
specifically delegated. Sir, I acknowledge the good
sense of that rule of construction which gives to
every part of an instrument effect, rather than per-
mit any of it to be senseless and inoperative; and I
am ready to apply it here. The argument of the
gentleman would be, indeed, quite conclusive, were
there not a treaty-making power known to the con-
stitution, conceded on all sides to be fully adequate,
and, through the action of which, from the first or-
ganization of the government to the present time,
foreign territory had been acquired for new States
sufficient to meet the demands of the country.
Sir, permit me to say that this argument begs the
question. It assumes that we cannot admit new
States without acquiring foreign territory by legisla-
tive action. But this is not true, nor was it at the
time of the adoption of the constitution. The gene-
ra! government then held, by cession from the Slates,
the Northwestern Territory, out of which the States
of Ohio, Indiana, Illinois, and Michigan, have since
been formed; and the extensive acquisitions of Lou-
isiapa and Florida afford ample scope for the exer-
cise of the power of admitting new States. It is
not, therefore, necessary to put this forced and un-
natural construction upon'this article of the consti-
tution.
Sir, there is nothing in the legislation of the coun-
try to justify such a construction. The whole of
the vast territory which we have acquired of the
aborigines has been gained either by conquest or by
treaty. Leuisiana and Florida, the only purchases
"of foreign nations, were secured by treaty. We
have been referred to the various cessions of territo-
ry by the States of the Union to the United States
as precedents. But the cessions of New York, Vir-
ginia, Massachusetts, Connecticut, and South Car-
olina, embracing by far the greater part of the
ceded territory, were made before the adoption of
the constitution. North Carolina and Georgia
ceded since that period; but none of these cessions
were of foreign territory; it was all embraced with-
in the limits of the United States, as defined by the
treaty of 1783; and was received by the general gov-
ernment for the purpose, and upon the express con-
dition, recognised by the constitution, that out of it
States should be formed and admitted into the Union.
Besides, none of these cessions could have been ob-
tained by the action of the treaty-making power, in-
asmuch as that does not apply to transactions between
the States and the government of the Union. The
admission of Vermont, to which allusion has been
made, rests upon the same principles; and forms no
precedent for the acquisition of foreign territory by
a legislative act. That State, although she maintain-
ed an independently organized government during
the war of the revolution, was yet claimed by both
the States of New York and New Hampshire to be
within their respective limits. By the treaty of
1783, the British power was extinguished in Ver-
mont, and she was embraced within the boundaries
of the confederated colonies, whose independence
was acknowledged. Subsequently, the conflicting
claims of New York aiid New Hampshire were ex-
tinguished, and in 1791, Vermont became a State of
the Union.
Again, sir, the act of Congress of 14th April,
1812, by which Louisiana was authorized to en-
large her boundaries so as te include a portion of
territory between the Iberville and Perdiao rivers,
then claimed by Spain, has been cited as a prece-
dent sanctioning the acquisition of foreign territory
by legislative enactment. But this act was the mere
establishment of a boundary, which had been claim-
ed by the United States since the purchase of Lou-
isiana in 1803, and which has since been pronounced
by the Supreme Court of the United States, in the
case of Foster and Elam against Neilson, reported
in 2 Peters's Reports, as the true boundary line.
The learned Chief Justice Marshall, in giving the
opinion of the court, states the question thus:
"The case presents this intricate and, at oile time, very
interesting question—to whom did the country between the
Iberville arid Perdido iightfully belong when the title now
asserted by the plaintiff was acquired? This question has
been repeatedly discussed with great talent and research by
the government of the United States and that of Spam. The
United States have pereeveringly and earnestly insisted
that, by the treaty of St. Ildefonso, made on the 1st of Octo-
ber, 1800, Spain ceded the disputed territory as part of
Louisiana to France, and that France,!)}- the treaty of Fans,
signed on the 30th of April, 1803, and ratified on the 21st of
October, in the same year, ceded it to the United States.
Spain has, with equal perseverance and earnestness, main-
tained that her cession to France comprehended that terri-
tory only which was at that time denominated Louisiana,
consisting of the island of New Orleans, and the country
she received from France west of the Mississippi."
The secret resolution of Congress, passed in 1811,
authorized the temporary occupation of this territo-
ry. But the resolution itself precludes the inference
that the territory was, by that act, annexed to the
United States. It explicitly recognises the necessi-
ty of the future action of the treaty-making power
in the following terms:
"They at the same time declare that the said territory
shall, in their hands, remain subject to future negotiation."
There is not, sir, a solitary case to be found in
the whole history of our legislation, under the con-
stitution, for a period of wore than half a century,
in which foreign territory has been acquired by
the action -of the legislative power alone. Legisla-
tion has aided, but has never, of itself, and without
the aid of the treaty-making power, consummated
the act. Nor should it in the present case. Texas
is.an independent State. Her sovereign character ha.-s
been recognised, not only by our own government.
