Feb. 1845.
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
217
28th Cong 2d Sess.
On the admission of Iowa and Florida—Mr. Belser.
H. of Reps.
Levy) to the expediency of such an alteration to se-
cure the success of the measure.
[Mr. Levy said he would express no opinion on
this proposition till he should have had a better op-
portunity of learning the opinion of the House re-
specting it.]
Mr. Belser remarked that he stood on that floor
as one of the Representatives of a State partly bor-
dering on Florida. He knew the feelings of many
persons residing in that Territory, and he thought
himself warranted in saying, that none of them, in
asking to become citizens of the United States, had
regard to the balance of power between the-States
on the Atlantic seaboard and those of the interior.
This thing called the balance of power, had not
made that profound impression in the South which
seemed to be supposed oy gentlemen here. The
inhabitants of that section were apprized that it had
long since passed beyond their control; and knowing
this, they had turned their eyes to the West, and
were willing to see the preponderance of the Gov-
ernment placed in its hands. As a Representative
of the people, he cherished no antipathy against any
portion of the Union ; but while making this decla-
ration, he would also state that he had a strong
sympathy'for the West. It contained a population
whose interests could never be dissimilar to that of
his own section. The West was agricultural—so
was the South. The latter looked to the former for
many articles of necessity, for just and liberal le-
gislation, and for succor in the hour of need. And
to satisfy gentlemen that this feeling on the part of
the South was sincere, he would cite them to the
fact, that during this session of Congress the mem-
bers from the slaveholding States, with but few
exceptions, had voted to establish a Teiritorial Gov-
ernment in Oregon, and would hereafter be found
sustaining the proposition to erect another in the
Territory to be called Nebraski. In thus voting,
they looked to no measures of a sectional character,
but they regarded the welfare of the nation and the
protection of its citizens.
Having briefly replied to some of the arguments
which had been used by gentlemen, he would next
direct his attention more particularly to the subject
before the committee; and in doing this, it was not
his purpose to speak of so much of it as involves a f
dispute about boundary between Iowa and Missouri.
This was not the place to examine into a question
of title—the Constitution had provided a dillerent
tribunal to adjudicate such matters. He therefore
hoped that the parties litigant would be permitted
to take their case before that department to which
it belonged. This, if he understood him correctly,
was the opinion of the enlightened chairman of the
Committee on Territories, (Mr. A. V. Baowx,) who
reported the bill; and it met with his unqualified
concurrence.
That part of the measure about which he particu-
larly desired to speak, was so much of it as relates
to Florida and her admission into the Union. The
people of that interesting Territory had written their
own history. In their memorial they state, that be-
fore the cessions of their provinces in 1819, they
were warmly attached to the United States, and that
since that period, they had looked with intense
anxiety to the time when they were to enjoy the
privileges of citizenship, according to the stipulations
agreed on between his Catholic Majesty and the
United States. After passing through all those forms
of legislation which usually precede the call of
a Convention, they had met together m their sove-
reign capacity, had framed a constitution, and had
submitted it to Congress, that they might be enabled
to determine whether or not it was Republican in its
character. He had heard four objections urged
against receiving her into the family of States :
1st. That, according to the last census, she had
not the requisite amount of population to entitle her
to admission.
2d. That she constitutes no part of the Govern-
ment of the United States which was embraced in
the original thirteen States, or in that treaty of peace
which closed the Revolution.
3d. That Congress has the discretionary power
to admit or not admit her as a new State, and that
the constitution presented by her recognises slavery
in a country not included in the compromises of the
Federal Constitution.
4th. That, aside from these and other objections, it
is inexpedient thus early to change her territorial form
of Government, because of its deleterious influence
on other sections.
To the first objection, hie reply was, that the Con-
stitution of the United States contained no provision
which declares that, before a State can be admitted
into the Union, it must have an amount of popu-
lation equal to the ratio which had been fixed by
law for the apportionment of representation in the
House. Each State, by the instrument, is entitled to
one Representative on the floor of Congress; and
this is the warrant that Florida would have for ap-
pearing before Congress by her Representative, when
admitted to the privileges of the original members
of the compact. This brought him to consider,
whether the treaty of 1819 was binding, and if it
was, what is its influence on the question which he
was now considering 1 He held in his hand various
decisions of the Supreme Court of the United States
touching the validity of treaties; and the doctrine by
them had been conclusively settled, that a treaty, not
in conflict with the Constitution, repealed propriis
viribus all laws inconsistent with it. Under the treaty
of 1819, the inhabitants of Florida had secured to
them the right to become a State as soon as it could
be done consistently with the principles of our Gov-
ernment; and no previous ordinance or law, or
subsequent act of Congress, can interfere with their
privileges thus guarantied. The stipulations in a
treaty between the United States and a foreign
power, when made in pursuance of the Constitution,
is paramount to the legislation of Congress, or that
of a particular State. It is a portion of the lex
terrse, which legislators, as well as judges, are bound
to interpret and enforce.
As relates to the second objection, he would ob-
serve, that he entertained opinions in regard to it
somewhat different from many of those with whom
he was in the habit of acting on that floor. He
believed in the authority of Congress either to obtain
new territory, or to create new communities out of
new territory, or to admit new States into the Union
out of new territory which had been previously ac-
quired either by treaty or by legislative contract.
This right of perpetuating and increasing the means
of its own existence, belongs to every nation, and
will never be presumed to have been surrendered,
until the fact is made clear. The object and end of
all Governments is, to promote the happiness and
prosperity of communities; and it can never be as-
sumed that, in a country like ours—free, active, and
enterprising, and continually increasing in num-
bers—the framers of our Constitution intended to
diminish its power of accomplishing the end for
which it was created. The authority to dispose of,
and the means of acquiring territory, being lodged
in the General Government, and forbidden to the
States without its consent, clear and distinct ex-
pressions must be used to confine its operation to
any particular limits. And here he would ask gen-
tlemen to attend to certain extracts on this point,
gathered from the conclusive speech of Mr. Poindex-
ter. while a delegate from the Mississippi Territory,
in this House, in 1811, delivered on the question of
the admission of Louisiana into the Union, in reply
to Mr. Quincy, of Massachusetts. Mr. Poindexter
said:
• Pei mit me now, p-r, to call the attention of die House to
the at gumeni of ihp gentium in iiom Mdhsa^h.ist-its. We are
(old by 'h<tt emMeman thai tlie provisions ni tin* bdl <ue m
direct hostility to the On^ti'uuon, and mcteuaMy atfect 'h*
mht-5 and Iibeities of the whole people of the United Sta'e?.
That .the creation of now Stare?, < t political fN-v^reisMte^,
without the ongsnal limits of the tinned States, is a usurpa-
tion of power not wananted by a sound construction of the
Constitution In the consideration of this subject twoqu#s
nons arise • first, whfther the United States can acquire for-
eign tei ritoiy, and by what mean*; and whether the territory
so -tcquiied can he admitted into t^.e Union as an independent
State i By the fourth article of ihe Constitution, Coi.gie?s are
aiithoiiz^d 'to dispose of and make all needful int^s and regu-
lation? respecting the temtoiy of the United States.' This prj
vision contains an express recognition of the right not only to
possess territory, but to dispose ofand regulate it, in any man-
ner which Congress may think consistent with the general good.
If, then, the power to hold territory, and to regulate  t without
limitation is expressly given to the General Government, the
right to acquire follow-, as an indispensable attribute of sove.
reisnty. And this opinion is supported by the enumeration of
powers given to Congress m the Constitution."
Thus it will be seen, that, in 1811, the power of
this Government, under the Constitution, to procure
and hold foreign territory, was seriously mooted by
the federalists of that day. But Mr. Poindexter did
not confine himself to the isolated question of the
right of Congress to obtain territory beyond the
limits of the Union, as it previously existed ; for he
also examined the third article of the treaty of 1803,
and that provision of the Constitution which author-
izes Congress to admit new States.
L-it us (said Mr. Poind* x'er) now n quire what are the ob-
ligations we have contracted in relation to the inhabitants of
I.OJisiana by the treaty of cession with the French Republic.
The third article of that uea'y stipulates (-is in the case of Flot-
lJg, now before the Houss) that1 the inhabit inis <f <he ceded ter-
ritory stall be mcoipor>tfd into the Unionol the United States,
and admitted as soon as possible, according to the principles of
the Federal Constitution, to the enjoyment of all the lights and
immunities of citizens of the United S'aies.' And are we hero
sitting to deliberate whether we will perform these solemn en-
gagements which have been entered into by the constituted
authorities, and which are presented ro us in the tmpos-mg atti-
tude of the supreme law of the land 1 Are not the ptinctplesof
the Constitution m unison with these engazemer.t* ? Article
the fourth, sec ion the third : 1 New States m ;y be a Iron re i by
Congress into this* Union, but no new State shall be foi med or
erected within the juiisdiction of any o'her State ; nor any r?'aie
be formed by the jurisdiction of two or more Suites, or parts
of States, wnhout the consent of the States concerned, as well
as of the Congress.' Here, then, is a power to admit new
States; and'T challenge any gentleman toe>bow that it is con-
fined to the original territory belonging to the United States.
Theie is no clause of the C mstituiinh which contains such a
limitation, evfn bv the remo'est implication
So far as the subject of slavery is involved in the
admission of Florida, he had hoped, after the able
discussions which accompanied the acceptance of
Louisiana and Missouii as States of the Confede-
racy, that it would have been permitted to sleep, at
least during this irn estimation. Enough, however,
had transpired in his presence to satisfy him that
such an expectation was vain. There were members
on that floor who, to this day, believed that slavery
had no constitutional existence either in this Dis-
trict, or in any of the States which have been erected
out of the territory of Louisiana, or in the Territory
of Florida now. If he was mistaken in the views of
gentlemen, he would like at this time to be cor-
rected.
[Mr. Oi i>di NWS, of Ohio, here signified his assent,
in part, to Mr. B.'& statement; remarking at the
same time, that though he believed slavery did not
constitutionally exist in the Louisiana Territory,
while it was a Territory, yet, the formation of new
States out of it since, and their admission into the
Union, amounted to an estoppal of the authority
to question its recognition within those States; but
that the District of Columbia and the Territory of
Florida stood in a different condition, and that of
them he entertained the belief that slavery has no
constitutional existence within their limits at this
time.
Mr, Belser having hear.d Mr. Gibdi^-gs, and be-
ing about to resume his argument, was addressed by
Mr. Dickey, of Pennsylvania, who said that he
would cite Mr. B. two clauses in the constitution of
Florida, which he and others deemed a palpable in-
fraction of the Constitution of the United States.
They were:
1st. " The General Assembly shall have no power
to pass laws for the emancipation of slave-."
2d. " The General Assembly shall have power
to pass laws to prevent free negroes, mulattoes, and
other persons ot color, from emigrating to this State,
or from being discharged from on hoard of any ves-
sel in any of the ports of Florida."]
Mr. B. well understood both the gentlemen ; for,
with all their errors, one thing favorable could be
said of them, which was, that they never concealed
their opposition to the South. There could not an
appropriation of the smallest character come before
the House, involving a contract for slaves, but the
gentlemen were ready to give the alarm. If such
unimportant matters arrested their attention, how
could it be expected that a great measure like the
one now before the committee would be permitted to
reach maturity without being subjected to the same
ordeal 1 He was ready to face gentlemen on all these
questions; discuss them they would, and the period
had arrived when not an inch of ground could be
surrendered.
But, that he might be enabled to treat the subject
with fairness, he would advert to-those particular
provisons of the constitution of Florida to which
the last gentleman (Mr. Dickey) had referred him.
