218
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
28th Cokg 2d Sess.
Feb". 1845.
On the admission ef Iowa and Florida—Mr. Belser.
H. of Kep.s.
If the reasoning of the gentleman was correct, then
farther inquiry into the matter is unnecessary, for a
clause in the constitution of a State inconsistent
with the Constitution of the United States, is void.
He denied the right of members on that floor to in-
terfere with slavery in Florida, in any manner, shape,
or form. Their discretion to admit new States into
the Union gave them no such privilege. The de-
sign of the Federal Constitution was to prevent
such intermeddling in the concerns-of a State. That
instrument recognises slaves as property, makes
courts and legislatures, and constitutes the law which
i& to govern them. It i§ the lex scripta which per-
petuates and protects every interest. It - authorizes
Florida, if she thinks it expedient, fundamentally to
prohibit emancipation, and to prevent free persons
of color from landing within her borders. The pow-
er of regulating this peculiar population belongs ex-
clusively to her, and neither can Congress or the
Executive of any State object to its exercise.
He further undertook to maintain, that in every
Stale where slavery is tolerated, provisions of this
kind were essential to the dominion of the master
over the slave. The constitution of his own State
admitted emancipation on certain conditions, and in
that State he had known slave after slave emanci-
pated, and, in most of the instances, they had become
the most abject and degraded of the human race.
Their manumission, so far from ameliorating their
condition, had made it worse than it was before.
And for what purpose did this free mulatto popula-
tion repair to the South 1 What was their object
in leaving the free States to mingle with our slaves?
Was it peace? Was it harmony ? No; they came
generally with mischief in their hearts. They were
the chosen instruments of fanaticism. They insinu-
ated themselves among those who were doomed to
labor, only to poison their minds with discontent, and
to conjure up within them dark visions of revenge.
The experience of persons dwelling in a slave coun-
try would confirm his statements, and these were the
reasons why these particular clauses had been insert-
ed in the instrument complained of. Would gentle-
men pretend ta question the right of the people of
Florida to provide security for their firesides arid fami-
lies ? He presumed not.
Mr. B. was aware of the fact, that American slave-
ry had been denounced, both at home and abroad, as
violative of the original rights of man. He also knew
that concert had been used to stamp it with an odium
which should prove to be everlasting. To effect this
purpose, hideous pictures of human torture had been
presented to the world. He readily admitted that in
the slaveholding States there were bad masters, but
their number was greatly exaggerated. The larger
portion of slave owners were kind and indulgent,
the laws of the slave States were humane, and so
shaped as carefully to protect the life of the slave, and
to command for him good treatment. Under these
laws he was safe from the infliction of cruelty, and
was to be well fed and well clothed. Gentlemen
who knew nothing of southern servitude except
what they saw in books and caricatures, were, mis-
taken in its character. Practically, it was quite dif-
ferent from what they supposed it to be. And be-
fore they proceeded further in their unhallowed ef-
forts against it, he would say to them, in the lan-
guage of an eloquent son of the South, to be sure
that " they have that revelation from God which
brought the Israelites out of Egypt—which carried
salvation to the Gentileo."
Slavery in Florida, however, in his opinion, rested
on two grounds which were impregnable: first, that
it was guarantied by the treaty of 1819, entered into
with the King of Spain ; and, secondly, that under
no clause of the Constitution of the United States—
not even the power given to Congress to admit new
States—could it be interfered with. \Vhiie examin.
ing the first proposition, the Supreme Court says:
"by the treaty of 1819, the people of Florida only changed
their allegiance; bul thur rclauons to eash other, an- then
rights of property, remained undisturbed; and even ha<1 the
tieafy contained no stipulations respecting the property olindi-
viduala, the right of property in all those who became subjecta
or citizens of the new Government would have been unaffected
by the change. It would bav*> lemained ihesame asundeithe
ancient sovereign," (See 7 JMeis's Reports, page 51)
An4 in regard to the faith of obligations contained
in promises and treaties, one of the ablest writers on
national law declares that—
" He who has made a promise to any one has conferred
upon him a true light to require the thing promised; and that,
constqueiitly. not to keep a perfect promise is to violate the
right of another, and is as manifest an mjupticeas that of de-
priving a person of Ins property. And further: as the engage-
ments of a treaty impose on the one hand a perfect obligation,
they produce on the other a perfect right. To violate h neaty,
then, 13 to violate the pel feet right of him wilh whom we have
contracted, and this is 10 do him an injury."
As to the second proposition, which had already
been briefly adverted to in another portion of his re-
marks, to disprove thatslavery could not be interfered
with under any provision of the Constitution, and
more particularly the power to admit new States
confided in Congress, he would here borrow the
ideas of Mr. Pinkney of Maryland, used in reply to
Mr. King of New York, on the Missouri question:
"lam told (said Mr Pinkney) that you have the power to es-
tablish this odious? and revolting distinction, (to wit, the distinc-
tion beiween admitting a State into the Union with, and one
without slaveiy—Missouri and Maine.) and I am referred for
the pioofs of that power to various parts of the Constitution,
but principally to that parto; it which authorizes ihe admission
of new tftat&b into the Uniun. I am myself of opinion that'll is
m ihat paitonly that the advocates for reduction can, with any
hop* of success, apply for a license to impose it, and that the
efforts which have been made to find u in oilier portions of the
mstu. merit, are too desperate to lequne to be encounteied."
"The clause of the Constitution which relates to the admis-
sion of new Spates, is m the^e words." 'The Congress mai/ad-
nntttew States into this Union, &c and the advocates for re-
striction maintain that the u*e of the word ' nidy'imports dis-
cretion to admit or to reject; and that in this discietion is
wrapped up another, thatof prescribing the terms and conditions
in case you are willing to admit "
"Slavery, we aie told in many a pamphlet, memorial, and
speech, with which the piess has lately groaned, is a foul blot
upon our otherwise immaculate reputation* Let thi*> be con-
ceded; yet you are no nearer than before to the conclusion
that you possess power wlii'Jh may deal with other subjects as
effectually as with this. Slavery, wc are further told with
some pomp of metaphor, is a canker at the i oot of ail tha.t is
excellent in this Republican empire; a pestilent disease that
is snatching the youthful bloom fiotn ks cheek, prostrating its
honor, and witheiin? its tMivngth. Be it yet if you have
the power to medicine to it in the way pioposed, and in vinue
of the diploma which you claim, you have also power in the
distribution of your political alexiphatmics to picscnt the
deadliest drugs to eveiy teintoiy that would become a State,
and let it drink, oi remain a colony foiever. Slavery, we are
al^o told, is now 'lolling on waul with <± lapid tide towaids the
boundebs regions of the West,' threatening to doom ihem to
sterility and sorrow, unless some potent voice can say to it,
thus far shall thou go and no fanhei. Slave)y engenders pride
and indolence m him who command-, and inflicts intellectual
and moral degradation on him who serves, s>!aveiy, in fine,
is unchiistian and abominable. Sir, I shall not stop to deny
that slavery is all-thts; but I s>hall not think myself the less a.u
thorized to deny (hat it is for yon to stay ihe course of this
daik torient, by opposing to it a mound raised up by the labors'
of this portentous discietion on the domain of others; a mound
which you cannot erect but, through the instrumentality of a
trespass of no ordinary kind; not the comparatively innocent
trespass that beats down a few blades of gtass which the first
kind sun or ihe next relre&hing e-hower may cause to spring
again ; but lhat which levels with the ground the loidltest sm-s
of the forest, and claims immortality ftr the desuuction wh'ch
it infl cts."
" No m.rn can contradict me when I say, that, if you have
this power, you may squtczs down a new-born sovereign
Stc le to the size of a pigmy, and then taking it between finder
and thumb, stick i' into some niche of the Union, and still
continue, by way of mockery, to call it « fttate in the sense
of the Constitution. You may waste its shadow, and then
introduce it into ihe s cicty oi flesh and b««>od, an object, of
scorn and derision. You may sweat anil reduce it to a thing
of skin and bone, and then place the ominous skeleton beside
the luddy and healthful members of tho I iiion, that it m^y
have leasure to invurn the lamentable difference between itself
and its companions; to biood over us disastrous promotion,
and to seek in lusuiiable discontent an opportunity for separa-
tion and insiiriection and rebellion."
%New States may be admitted by the Congress into this
Union/'
'• What is th't Union? A comederation of States equal in
soveieigruy—capaole of every thing which the Constitution does
not forbid!" or autiiorz'1 Cohgiffi? to Joibid If is an equal
imion between pauie* equally srveteign They wore ^ov- icigo
independently of the Union. The object of ihe Union was com-
mon protection for the exercise of already fxis'ing soveieignty.
The |>artit.s> gave op e. portion of that sovereignly to eusuie the
remainder As far as ih'-y gave it up by the compact (hey
have ceased to be ^oVi rei2ii. The Union piovides the means
ol defending^ ihe residue ; arid it is into that Union that a new
State is to come. By acceding to it. the new S aie is phced
on the same fooling with the oiTgitial states. It accedes for the
sirrie puipose, that is, protection for l's unsurrendered sove-
reignty, If n conics m show of us beams, crippled and dis
paraded beyond the original Siftios.it i* not m*o the original
Union ihai it come?, for it ii a difiei eni jou of Union Tiie fiist
vva? union inter parej. This, is a unum between ]>arotcs-*
between giants and dwaite—between power ari l feebleness—
between full-proportioned sovereignties and a miserable image
of [tower—a thing wjiic.h that fery Union has shrunk and
shriveled from Us ju^size, instead of preseivmg it in its true
dimensions.5' .
"We are told that admitting a Slate into the Union is a
compact. Ye?, but what sort of h compact'* A compact
that it shall be a member of the Union, as the Constitution
has made if. You cannot new-fashion it. Yoy may make a
compact to admit, bin when admitted the original compact pre-
vails. The Union is a compact with a .provision of political
power and agents for the ac< omplishmem of us objects, Vary
thai compacfas toanew Stale; give new enersy to that politi-
cal power so as to make if act with more force upon anew
S ate than of the old, and it may confidently be said that the
new State has not enteied into this Union, but- itro another
Union. How far the Union has been varied is another question.
But that it has been varied is clear."
Let gentlemen apply these sound views of .Mr.
Pinkney to the case before them, and answer him if
they can. Let them prove their right as legislators
to admit Iowa without slavery, and to o_bject to Flo-
rida because of slavery. It cannot be shown; both
stand on an equal footing. Each of them.is a body
politic; or independent political society of men, oc-
cupying the same position to the Union of the States.
Independent of the opposition arising out of a
limited population, foreign territory, and slayery,
there are some who are opposed to the expediency
of changing the present form of government in Flo-
rida, preferring to see her longer remain a Territory
of the Union. This had surprised him more than
anything else. That Territory had already given
the United States much trouble in providing for its
defencc. Its revenue was small, and therefore it
had to be supported almost entirely out of the na-
tional coffers.# A few years ago it was paitly peo-
pled by the most hostile tribe known to our history.
After a copious expenditure of blood and treasure,
they were subdued by the force of arms, and the land
where once roamed the Seminole at pleasure was
wrested from him. Florida is bordered by Georgia,
Alabama, the Atlantic, and the (rulf, and the pos-
session of her capes, her inlets, and her bays, must
always exercise a commanding influence over that
commerce which flows out of the Mississippi with
nearly the same regularity that its waters find their
way into the ocean. Western gentlemen, then, were
particularly concerned in having Florida brought into
the Union, for by increasing her independence they
augmented her power to extend those acts of comity
so essential to the maintenance of national security.
Again: the founders of this Government never
intended that Congress should hold jurisdiction over
territory longer than, it could be placed in a condi-
tion to be admitted into the Union. The treaty of
1819, at least a quarter of a century ago, put Florida
under those "needful rules and regulations" which
Congress was authorized to prescribe, and it would
seem that she had now arrived at that maturity
which entitled her inhabitants to the privileges,
rights, and immunities of citizens of the United
States. The great end which was to be accom-
plished by vesting in Congress the power to admit
new States was to balance the centripetal and cen-
trifugal tendencies of the Republic, and thus to give
efficacy to its whole frame. A country reaching
from the Atlantic to the Pacific, and from the Frozen
Ocean of the north to the Gulf of the south, impe-
riously demanded that the power should be lodged
somewhere, and it was accordingly given to Con-
gress. Great Britain commands large territories,
but her influence in this respect is diffused over the
greater portion of the globe. Not so with us. Our
States and Territories are contiguous, and settled by
one people, identical in feeling, early taught to think
aright on all subjects, and to honor the American
name.
But, Mr. Chairman, there are other marked fea-
tures accompanying this opposition to the spread of
our greatness yet to be alluded to. At the very for-
mation of the Government they exhibited themselves
in fearful array. Some of our ablest statesmen were
for a strong consolidated nation, for keeping our peo-
ple within prescribed limits. There were others
who believed that man was capable of self-govern-
ment ; that this continent was to become the abode
of liberty, and that he had the right to occupy the
whole of his inheritance, and to use his implements
of culture as the necessity for them should appear.
They dreaded not the idea of national aggrandize-
ment, but they looked forward to the increase of
numbers and the occupation of domain. Soil, in
their opinion, was made for human purposes, and as
our institutions might expand, so our right to its use
was to the same extent to be perfected.' These two
divisions have since that time continued-their cor-,
tentions, and the conflict may be seen at this xno-
