Jan. 1845.
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
219
28th Cong 2d Sess
Annexation of Texas—Mr. A. Johnson.
H. of Reps
ment in our financial concerns, in our systems of
protection and free trade, in our expenditures, in
the attempt to curtail foreign immigration, as well
as in the effort now making to prevent the admission
of new States into the Confederacy. And, sir, there
are other differences not yet stated: he meant
that love for foreign nations which in every eventful
period of our country's history had so signally mam
fested itself. It was seen in the Revolution, in the
last war, heard in the debates on the admission of
the States of Louisiana and Missouri into the Union,
on the recent Texas and Oregon bills, and it may
now again be occasionally witnessed in the deter-
mined efforts against the measure before the com-
mittee. How different has been the course of the
democracy from that of their opponents on all these
questions. What a marked distinction there is at
this time between them as shadowed forth in this
House. The conservatism of the Senate has been
pointed to, that the dominant party here might be
driven from their principles. The ravings of every
discontented fanatic and the philipics of every Bri-
tish press have been garnered up and republished to
influence their actions, but in despite of everything
of the kind, this body has remained faithful to those
great interests which have been confided to it. Well
has the Democratic party here been temied the pro-
gressive democracy, for, "unawed by the influence
of the great, the rich, or the noble,'" they have vindi-
cated the rights of the people—kept pace with
the spirit of the age—sided with liberty against
power.
Sir, the cry of disunion has also been heard in
this Hal], as if the addition of new States would
likely produce the direful calamity, Such predictions
were not novel. They are the peculiar growth of
that section which has battened on the industry of
the laboring classes. When Louisiana was about to
be admitted as a State, Mr. Quincy declared it as his
deliberate opinion that if the measure was successful,
the bonds of this Union were virtually dissolved;
and Mr. King of New York, while the Missouri
question was pending, used similar remarks. Both
of these States were admitted, and the Union stili
exists. He requested gentlemen to point him to a
new State which had ever favored disunion. It
could not be done, because history furnished no
such instance. Every acquisition of territory had
increased the scope of agriculture, commerce and
manufactures, and afforded additional strength to the
original fabric. Our present number of States is
just double what we started with, and in the course
of half a century more they will be quadrupled. And
is? there nothing in this to animate the heart of the
patriot ? What was the stately prize for which we
were contending? Why, it is a country abounding
in everything that can dignify and adorn the human
character; a country in which we first breathed the
breath of life—our mother, our nurse, our cradle;
a country in which the ashes of our ancestors are
deposited, and where, after we have " shuffled off this
mortal coil," we, too, expect to be quietly inurned.
Did the world ever before exhibit a spectacle more
splendid, more sublime ? Has the vista of the future
at any period previous furnished such a scene for con-
templation 1 Fifty independent political sovereign-
ties, all revolving around the same common head,
and receiving from it equal laws and equal protec-
tion. The idea is grand, yet not extravagant. Let
gentlemen, in view of these prospective results,
hearken not to the counsels of those who are pro-
phesying national ruin. Their ears should be closed
against such unfounded specuhtions. This repub-
lic is consecrated by kindred blood, kindred affection,
and by the same ties it will be maintained and per-
petuated. Instead of gentlemen conjuring up spec-
tres of disunion, let them inculcate more patriotic
principles. Above all, let them nerve their hearts
against that unrelenting disposition which, with
" religion in one hand and philanthropy in the
other/' dresses itself out in the garland of piety, and
rides triumphant over the sovereignty of the States.
In the purest days of the Roman republic her Curtius
was willing to leap into the flaming gulf, which the
oracle had assured him could be closed in no other
way. And have we no Curtius among us to rise up
and stay those elements of discord and misrule which
Jiave been let loose in our midst 1
The time was when a jealousy existed between
the North and the South. It was then confined to
the original States. That period-has gone by, and
hereafter it will be with the monopolist and the agri-
culturist—between power and privilege. The growth
of the West had astonished the lords of the loom,
and struck terror into the millionaires. The influ-
ence of both of' these classes had recently become
paralyzed: another census, and it will be gone for-
ever. The rivers of the North may serve a little
longer to fill the vision of the traveller, but they will
not vie with the majestic streams on the western
side'of our mountains. The centre of this Republic
is destined to be in that vast region which is water*
ed by the Mississippi and its tributaries; and the
organization of new political societies will accelerate
the end. These are the tr,ue reasons why gentle-
men here are opposing the admission of new States
and the formation of new territorial governments on
our western and southwestern borders. The idea
that such an opposition is to prostrate agriculture is
chimerical. The pioneers of the wilderness will
have their full participation in the administration of
this Government, and New Orleans must yet become
the London of America.
If any one doubts the future superiority of the
West let him take a retrospect into the past. Let
him view her rise and progress in the scale of great-
ness, and then place his compass on the map of this
continent, and he will no longer be deceived. Her
march to empire is written with the pencil of light.
The spirit of liberty is in that quarter—the bird of
Jove is soaring afar; and truly has it been observed:—
u Ili.-i throne is on the mountain-top;
His fields ihp boundless air;
And ho«iy peaks, that proudly prop
The skies—-his dwellings are.
lie riseslike a thing of light,
Amid the noon tide blaze :
The midway sun is cl^ar and bvighl —
It cannot dim his gaze."
A few more remarks and he was done with the
subject. He thought it probable that it was the
last speech he should ever make on that floor. The
session was drawing to a close, and he did not ex-
pect to return. -He yielded to no man in his love
for the Union, as it came from the hands of those
who accomplished the Revolution. Their spirits
were now hovering around us, anxiously awaiting
the sound of that trump.which shall announce the
emancipation of mankind, the regeneration of the
world. He was pleased to hear his friend (Mr. Vis-
ton) say that the West was the connecting link
between the North and the South. Such a senti-
ment was highly patriotic and well worthy of the
source from whence it came. But he would tell the
honorable gentleman that there was but one way in
which the West could perform the part of an um-
pire, and that was, to be just to both parties. The
South had always been ready to make sacrifices for
the common benefit. Her sons are generous. They
learned their lessons of freedom from those who once
stood erect amid the fires of persecution and the
blood of martyrs. They could never be made slaves,
nor permit their rights of property to be interfered
with. The principle which protected them was to be
found in the compact, and it was too sacred to be
disturbed.
SPEECH OF MR. A. JOHNSON,
OF TENNESSEE.
hi the House of Representatives, January 21, 1845 
In Committee of the Whole House on the state
of the Union, in reply to Mr. Cijngman, of North
Carolina, and Mr. Bkinkeriioff, of Ohio, and m
which he gives some of the reasons why he is m
favor of admitting the, republic of Texas into our \
federal Union.
Mr. A. JOHNSON obtained the floor. After
some preliminary remarks, in which he referred to
the wide range the debate had taken, and gave no-
tice that he should not feel obliged to confine him-
self entirely to the direct question before the com-
mittee, he proceeded to refer to the remarks of the
gentleman from Ohio, [Mr. Giddings.] The man-
ner of the gentleman was a very remarkable one.
He believed medical writers contended tkat there
was such a disease as monomania, under the influ-
ence of which the mind that was laboring was per-
fectly sound on all subjects save one. If a striking
instance of this complaint had ever been exhibited
to the House, or to the country, he thought it was
in the gentleman who had just taken his seat. He
cared not what subject was ' introduced into this
House, if the gentleman from Ohio got the floor,
his.cry was abolition I abolition!
The gentleman had made another remarkable dis-
covery, viz: that Texas, if she came into our Union,
laid down every "attribute; and, from that fact, that
the general government became liable for her debts.
Was the general government, he would ask, respon-
sible for the debts of Ohio? Some of the proposi-
tions before the committee were to admit Texas as
a State; and would she not then retain her sove-
reignty, and owe and be responsible still for her
own debt? He thought it was clear that she
would.
Another gentleman from Ohio [Mr. Brinkerhoff")
had given them a very learned, unexpected, and (to
some on this floor) interesting discourse. He had
apparently made a great discovery, and found that
the old hero of the Hermitage could be made to
speak so and so. The gentleman had given them
reasons why he was for, and reasons why he was
against, the annexation of Texas; but the conclu-
sion of the whole matter was, that while' his speech
was against it, he was for it. He had announced to
them that he \us a great military man; and he had
said that if there was. any such an insect as a hum-
bug, this argument that General Jackson was made
to make was a humbug. General Cass, who occupied
a prominent position before the country, and who
had distinguished himself both as a soldier ana a
statesman, had said that Texas was important to the
country as a military position. Andrew Jackson,
who had distinguished himself in every position he
had occupied, both in the cabinet and in the field,
took up the subject and showed conclusively its im-
portance in a military point of view. Here were
General Jackson and General Cass on the one side,
and the distinguished military gentlemen from Ohio
on the other side. The country would judge be-
tween them. General Jackson' had been made to
say! It was a slander on his name, a libel on his
character, he cared not whence it camc. And when
a democrat would travel so far out of the line of de-
bate as to attack General Jackson, who stood in an
disinterested position before the country, and looked
only to its permanent interest, and say that Gen-
eral Jackson's argument on this subject was a hum-
bug, Mr. J. said it came unkindly from the dem-
ocratic ranks, and the gentleman who could take
such a position he should judge must be in transitu.
between the democrats and the whigs; and the attrac-
tion for him must be much the stronger in the
quarter whither he was going.
He said that there was nothing that he could say,
the humblest of Tennessee's representatives, that
would add anything to the already large space oc-
cupied m the public mind, and affections of the peo-
ple by General Cass; his acts, both civil and mil-
itary, had become a part of the history of the coun-
try, and were familiar to all; his moral and political
reputation had become too firmly established to be
now affected by inuendo or open assaults at this late
day from pietended democrats, or open enemies.
The bold and decisive stand taken by hmi in the
late presidential canvass; the spirit and energy with
which he entered the contest, and the manner m
which he contributed his time and talents to pro-
mote the great measures of the democratic party,
and secure the triumph and election of the man who
had been chosen the standard bearer of democratic
principles inthatexcited contest,had given him a posi-
tion and standing in the confidence and esteem of the
great republican party of this Union, that was well
calculated to excite envy, and even jealousy, in the
bosom of those who had been vacillating and count-
ing the chances of succeseror cte'featl Ana at that crit-
ical and moinentous juncture when it was import-
ant to give the nomination made by the Baltimore
convention the proper impetus and most weighty
and certain direction to meet and receive the un-
divided approbation and support of the great dem-
ocratic family of this Union, who had taken a less
decided but more passive stand in the contest, then
just begun? The people were not, like politicians
in the main, ungrateful for past favors; but would,
in due season, render unto him the things that were
his, and tliat would be a verdict in his behalf of
"well done thou good and faithful servant;" you
