220
28th Cong 2d Sess.
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
Jan. 1845.
Annexation of Texas—Mi-. A. Johnson.
have been faithful over a few things, you shall be
made master of many.
Mr. J. said it was not necessary for him to speak of
Andrew Jackson; a mere recital of his acts stamped
him as one of the greatest civilians and military chief-
tains the world had ever produced; eulogy detracted
a^ding any thing to, his great name;
he had performed the important task assigned him
by an all-wise and inscrutable Providence! The meas-
ure of his country's glory was now full; he was
deeply embalmed in the hearts of a grateful and
prosperous people; he was now in retirement, in the
bosom of his adopted State, surrounded by Tennes-
see's native forest, enjoying the domestic sweets of
lus own Hermitage, there reflecting upon the varied
and checkered scenes of his eventful life, which has
been devoted exclusively to the promotion of his
country's good. How consoling the meditation in
this, his very evening of life, while the lamp is send-
ing forth its longest and brightest blaze, which is
soon to sink down to rise no more! and, in the hour
of death, how strengthening to the hope of being
crowned with eternal happiness beyond the grave!
"Why this uncalled for and unkind allusion has been
made to this great and good man, was somewhat
strange to him, coming from the quarter it did. Mr.
J. thanked his God that his reputation stood above
and beyond the reach of all such assaults, coming
from pretended friends or open enemies; his history
was his country^ legacy, and it was for the people
to defend it against all such attacks; and palsied
would be the impious tongue that would dare ca-
lumniate his great name; powerless and withered
will be the hand that rudely attempts to
pluck one feather from his cap," or sully one
of the sparkling gems which compose the
brilliant chaplet that now encircles his illustrious
brow. But he would leave the distinguished mili-
tary gentleman from Ohio, who had scarcely ever
smelled the smell of burning powder, on one side,
and Gen. Jackson and Gen. Cass on the other side.
Mr. J. alluded to another portion of Mr. Brinic-
erhoff's speech, that Mr. Polk was not supported
iri his State in consequence of th« immediate annex-
ation of Texas to the United States. Rather in
spite of it, the candidate of that State for governor
had advocated the project for annexation brought
forward by a gentleman in the other end of the Cap-
itol, (alluding to Mr. Benton.) He spoke from his
o wn knowledge of what had taken place in his sec-
tion of the State. Mr. J. said that reference to a
few facts would set this matter all right. From the
official returns, as published in the newspapers of
that State, in Richland county, (this, he believed,
was the county in which the gentleman resided,)
one of the three counties composing his congression-
al district, he, [Mr. Brinkerhoff,] who was in
favor of and advocated the proposition of Mr. Ben-
ton's bill, submitted to the Senate .of the United
States last summer for the annexation of Texas
to the United States, received 5,004 votes,
while Gov. Polk, in the same county, who was sup-
ported in spite of immediate annexation, received
5,574—making a difference in favor of Gov. Polk of
570. In the whole district composed of the coun-
ties of Richland, Marion, and Delaware, it will be
seen that Mr. B. received 8,466 votes in the late
congressional election; in the same counties, Gov.
Polk received 9,071—a difference in favor of Gov.
Polk of 605. This is what the gentleman calls, with
a sneer, supporting Gov Polk "m spite of immediate
annexation." This comparison might be pushed
still further. The President elect received 2,600
votes more in the State of Ohio than the candidate
for governor, Mr. Tod—this, too, all "in spite of im-
mediate annexation." This comparison shows that
the democratic party of Ohio were in favor of the
immediate annexation of Texas to this Union. It
shows still more, that the pe pie were ahead of the
politicians of the country. While those that should
have taken the lead were hesitating and faltering in
their course in relation to this great measure, the
people were in advance, and far ahead. Mr. J.
said the boldness of' the gentleman's attack upon
General Jackson reminded him of the old fable of
the beasts in the forest. When the lion was in
health and strength, the surrounding beasts trem-
bled at his very roar; but now, when he was lying
prostrate, enfeebled by age and disease, the long-
eared ass himself has courage enough to walk up
and kick him in the face. He was in hopes the
gentleman would not consider this personal to him-
self.
It was but the other day they had a speech from
the gentleman who represents Buncombe itself,
[Mr. Clingman;] but he reckoned he must be a little
careful how he spoke of that gentleman's speech,
who had so recently distinguished himself in the blood-
less field of honor—for that was a forum he had no
disposition to debate questions of this nature in
himself; that was conducting a debate under circum-
stances too warm for one possessing as cold a temper-
ament as himself. The very idea of being thrown
in contact with cold steel, or being visited by one of
those leaden messengers which ride upon the speed
of fire, was well calculated to produce a strange dis-
tension and convulsive, contortion of the muscular
and nervous system ;* and of course he would be very
guarded in what he was going to say in reply to the
speech of the chivalrous gentleman from Worth Car-
olina. In that singularly delivered speech (for it
was singular in its delivery, but the subjects dis-
cussed were in the plural) the whole South was as-
sailed in the grossest manner. They were told
that, if the South received offices and rewards
enough to satisfy them, they would be ready to sub-
mit to the present tariff. He would read the gen-
tleman's own words:
''Judging from the action of the House on this subject,
what is to become of the lepeal of the tariflV I can tell
you, sir. ff James K Polk will give to a few individuals
that I could name such offices as they desire, he will there-
by effect Slid) a modification of the tariff as to render it ac-
ceptable in the main to the chivalric majority of the State
of South Carolina "
Did the gentleman mean to insinuate that South
Carolina could be bought up, and induced to sup-
port a certain measure upon the bare offering and
acceptance of a little office? He considered this an
unpardonable attack on the South, derogatory to the
southern character, and unbecoming a southern rep-
resentative to make. He presumed that the gentle-
man who made these charges was inclined to mea-
sure the, corn of others by his own half bushel. But
the gentleman further said:
''Should these persons, however, fail to get such portion
of the spoils as they consider their due, viz. the lion's
share, then the tariff' will be found so intolerably oppressive
that human nature cannot bear it, aud must be nullified.
Be not_ deceived, sir, by all the declamation which we hear
trom time to time; for all this is merely thrown out to
frighten Mi. Polk and his northern friends into a good com-
promise with respect to thf distribution of the oftices/'
To frighten Mr. Polk and his northern friends
into a proper distribution of the offices of the gov-
ernment ! Was South Carolina threatening about
office? Was Alabama? or Tennessee? He thought
not; and it was a slander on southern reputation to
say that she can be bought by any office in the gift
of the executive. It was still a greater slander to
say that James K. Polk, recently elected President
of the United States, was capable of using such un-
worthy means to obtain support for his admistra-
tion. Mr. J. here spoke on the subject of the offi-
ces and office-holders in this District, and suggested
the manner in which he would have them filled,
viz: in equal proportions for all the congressional
districts in the Union.
He said he had seen a table published in some of
the newspapers showing the number of officers em-
ployed in the different departments at Washington
City, and those acting in diplomatic and consular
stations abroad, who received compensation by sala-
ry, and for the year 1844 they were between
seven and eight hundred. He had no doubt of the
correctness of the table. If there was an error, the
estimate was too low. By a reference to the Blue
Book and other means of information, the statement
would be sustained. He thought the number might
be put down at eight hundred; divide this number
by two hundred and twenty-three, (the number of
members in Congress,) and it would give nearly
four of those offices to each congressional district m
the twenty-six States. There is not a congressional
district in the Union but what can furnish its> propor-
tionable number of officers, as well qualified and
equally as pure and incorruptible as those hangeis-
on about this crty. The people have them to pay,
and if the offices of the government have become a
source of profit and honor, he could not see why
they should not be distributed equally among them.
He was not in favor of proscription; but when one set
of individuals had had the offices and the emoluments
of office long enough, lie could see no good reason
why they bhould not be tinned out and others per-
mitted to enjoy similar benefits a corresponding
length of time. Some of the States had treble their
proportion of these officers, while others compara-
tively had none. As an instance of what he was
saying, Ohio, with twenty-one members upon this
*it is understood that the duel of Mi. Clingman had a pe-
culiar effect upon his system, &c.
H. of Reps.
floor, had only eight of these officers, while Mary-
land, with only six members, had one hundred ahd
thirty-three, and Virginia had one hundred and four-
teen. He gave this case merely to illustrate. He
tho.ught none of those States could reasonably com-
plain whose citizens had enjoyed the benefits every
way resulting from those offices so long, at now be-
ing reduced to their fair proportions, and thereby
permit the other States to furnish their quotas, and
become equal participants in the patronage of the
federal government. -
He found he was digressing, and would pursue
this idea no longer. What he had said upon this
point was merely thrown out as a suggestion, and
might be considered as a parenthesis.
But some gentlemen talked about James K. Polk
as if he was a mere cipher. He would tell those
speculating gentlemen that they had mistaken the
man; and that James K. Polk, when he came into
power, would he the master spirit of his administra-'
tion in defiance of 'machinations of intriguing poli-
ticians, and in defiance of the united opposition of
the whole whig party.
He thought the late nomination of the Baltimore
convention of James K. Polk, and the manner in
which that nomination was sustained by the p'eople,
had taught a "few old party hacks, or hunkers," as
they are called by some, a lesson to be long remem-
bered by theift Governor Polk did not owe lus
nomination to the intrigue and management of a few
wire-working politicians, or to being in what is
called the line of safe precedents; but to the fixed and
settled determination of the people to lay aside and
dispose of some of those incubuses that had fastened
themselves upon the' body politic. The people,
through the Baltimore convention, had bounded
clear overall party management and intriguing poli-
ticians, and went out among themselves for their
candidate for the presidency, and they have suc-
ceeded in electing him; consequently he is under no
obligation to this or the other faction. He is the
peopled President, and will come into power unin-
cumbered, knowing no faction, but determined to
administer the government upon those great princi-
ples best calculated to do the greatest good. He
said Gov. Polk was the plebeian President, and he
hoped and trusted the country would have a plebeian
administration for once.
A little further on in the gentleman's speech, [Mr.
Clingman's,] which was, he presumed, intended
for the elections in North Carolina next summer, he
found another singular position assumed. The
gentleman, in reference to the Pennsylvania elec-
tions, used the following language:
'■A similar state of things was exhibited in Pennsylvania;
and 1 have heard democratic members of this House speak
laughingly, of seeing in that State, numberless banners with
the inscription borne on them of 'Polk, Dallas, and the Dem-
ocratic Tariff of 18-12.' Yes, sir, and when the whigs at-
tempted to set this matter right, they were told by the hon-
est but iptoranl yeomanry oj tbol Stale, that they could not
believe that Mi-. Polk was opposed to the tariff, because
they had been ass.ured by their leaders, the men in whom
they had been accustomed to conlide, that he was much
more favorable to a protective tariff than was Mr. Clay."'
" The honest but ignorant yeomanry of Pennsylva-
nia!" A few words on this subject. But he would
first observe that, in another portion of this conun-
drum, which was before him, the gentleman said
that his party had gotall the intelligent portion of
the community ranged under their standards. He
would examine the facts bearing on this position,
and see how far the gentleman was correct in his
assumption. Now the States that voted for James
K. Polk gave 170 electoral votes, and those that
voted for Mr. Clay gave 105. Of the States that
voted for Mr. Polk, there were 333,306 who could
not read and write; and of the States that voted for
Mr. Clay, there were 224,444 that could not read
and write. Take the aggregate, and it would be
found that there was a greater proportion of the,
population which can read and write in the States
that voted for Mr. Polk than in the States that voted
for Mr. Clay. He said, by dividing the whole num-
ber of persons in the States, who cannot read and
write, who cast their electoral votes for Governor
Polk by the 170 electoral votes which he received,
and it would make an average of 1,896 for each
elector who cannot read and write. Divide the
whole number of persons in the States which cast
their electoral votes for Mr. Clay,"and it makes an
average of 2,448 to each elector who cannot read
and write. By deducting the 1,890 from 2,448, it
shows 552 more persons who cannot read and write
for every Clay elector. Then multiply 552 by 105,
the whole number of electors voting for Mr. Clay
