Jan. 1845.
appendix to the congressional globe.
221
28th Cong 2d Sess.
Annexation of Texas—Mr. A. Johnson.
H. of Reps.
and it makes 57,960 more, in proportion, voting for
Mr. Clay, than voted for Governor Polk; and,
unfortunately for the gentleman, the State
which he represents in part, (North Carolina,)
has a greater proportion of persona who cannot
read and write than any other State in the Union—
whig or democrat. Yet the gentleman said that his
party had with them all the intelligent portion of the
community. Mr. J. then made a comparison be-
tween Pennsylvania and North Carolina, showing
that in the former, which voted for Mr. Polk, there
was a greater proportion of the people who can read
and write, than m the latter which voted for Mr.
Clay. Pennsylvania had only one in 22 persons
who could not read and write, while North Caro-
lina had one to every four. So much for intelli-
gence, and so much for ignorance. He would be
the last man to say any thing derogatory to North
Carolina, which had strong hold on his heart, be-
cause it was the land of his birth; but the truth must
be told in answer to the gentleman who had attempt-
ed to disparage the intelligence of the democratic
party. Mr. J. next noticed the statement of the
gentleman from North Carolina, [Mr. Cmngman,]
that British gold had been received by the demo-
cratic party, and used by them to carry the election
of their candidate. This he denounced as a vile slander,
having not the shadow, of a foundation; an# he called on
the gentleman for his proof. If the gentleman coidd not
produce the authority for the assertion he made, it would
be acknowledging that it teas a slander. In another
part of the gentleman's remarks, he noticed a con-
versation he had with a porter. Why, it was get-
ting very common to notice on that floor conversa-
tions that took place in grog-shops, barber's-shops,
and with porters and hackmen. The gentleman
said:
"As evidence of the sort of feeling which has been incul-
cated into the minds of the most ignorant of them, I may be
pardoned for mentioning a little incident that occurred in the
room of a friend to whom I chanced to be making a visit.
While making his fire, the Irish porter inquired when Mr.
Polk would come on to tlie city. 'I am told,' he added,
'that he is a groat friend to us poor foreigners; we elected
him, and we can do most anything when we all try.' Sir,
had the foreign Catholics been divided in the late election, as
othn scats and classes generally uere, Mr. Clay would have
carried by a large majority the State of New York, as also
the btates of Pennsylvania, Louisiana, and probably some
otheis in the norths est."
A little further on the gentleman said:
"The course of the abolition party has stripped them of
much of their influence, by bringing them into general con-
tempt, even at the North. Besides, their late movements
will array a strong influence against them m other quarters,
more than enough to counterbalance their strength. And if
the foreign Catholics, or loreigners generally, continue
banded together, with a view of controlling the elections of
the countiy, there will be aroused antagonist feelings in
the hearts ol all true Americans, which will sweep away
the party to which they have attached themselves."
He did not appear here, Mr. J. said, to defend the
Catholic religion: there were but few Catholics in
his region, and there were prejudices there existing
against them. But he protested against the doctrine
here advanced by-the gentleman. The Catholics of
this country had the right secured to them by the
constitution of worshiping the God of their fathers
in the manner dictated by their own consciences.
They sat down under their own vine and fig tree,
and no mail could interfere with them. This country
was not prepared to establish an inquisition to try
and punish men for their religious belief; and those
who assailed any religious sect in this country would
find a majority of the people arrayed against them.
He said lie desired to know—ay, he demanded to
know of the gentleman from .North Carolina, what
he meant by the employment of the language he
hc l just read from his speech* Does the gentleman
mean that there is to be a spirit of persecution
aroused, which is to "sweep away'1 anyone of the
numerous religious denominations that now prevail
in this country? Is the guillotine to be erected in
this republican form of government, and all who
dare differ in opinion with the whig party, to be
brought to the block? Is there a crusade to be
commenced against the church to satiate disap-
pointed party vengeance? Are the persecutions of
olden times to be revived? Are the ten thousand
temples that have been erected, based upon the suf-
ferings and atonement of a crucified Saviour, with
their glittering spires wasting themselves in the
very heavens, all to topple and fall, crushed and
buried beneath the ravings of party excitement? Is
man to be set upon man, and in the name of God
lift his hand against the throat of his fellow? Is the
land that gave a brother birth to be watered with a
brother's blood? Are the bloodhounds of persecu-
tion and proscription to be let loose upon all for-
eigners and Catholics, because some of them have
acted with the democratic party in the recent con-
test? Are the fires of heaven, that have beep lighted
up by the cross, and now burn upon so many altars
consecrated to the true and living God, to be quench-
ed in the blood of their innocent and defenceless
worshippers, and the gutters of our streets made to
flow with human gore? This is but a faint reality
of what is shadowed forth in the gentleman's speech;
but for the purpose of showing the country how ig-
norant the gentleman was of the fact, and how reck-
less he was m bald statements, he would read
from a pamphlet he held in his hand, which was
written by a whig in the city of Nashville, Tennes-
see, and dedicated to the Hon. John Bell, a late
member of Gen. Harrison's cabinet, which shows,
conclusively, that the whig party had the benefit of
the Catholic influence in the late presidential con-
test. The charge had been, in his section of the
country, that the Catholics were all democrats; and
he now availed himself (as the door had been open-
ed) of the" opportunity of setting this matter right
upon good whig authority. He then read from the
pamphlet as follows:
"I am a whig—a Protestant whig—both in my feelings
and my sentiments; and while I live 1 expect to be. But
I should regret to see any portion of the great v hig party
denouncing and persecuting any religious sect for its po-
litical tenants or its prejudices. If persecution commences
against the Catholics, do you think it will end here0 Do
you not think, if the political party persecuting be the dom-
inant party, as it kindled its nre  against the Catholics be-
cause they were opposed to it m political principles, w hen
its llames shall have consumed this sect, will they not ex-
tend to all other religious sects for the same rea?or.? Some
of our newspapers speak of the toleration of the Catholic
religion. The constitution says that that sect, as w ell as
every other, shall exercise and* enjoy their religious opin-
ions. The right is guarantied to them by the constitution,
and cannot be destroyed till the constitution itself is de-
stroyed. Therefore the Catholics, and the members of
every other religious denomination, are as free to enjoy
and gxercise their religious or political sentiments, as any
political party its peculiar tenets. "Why array ourselves
against this denomination'1 Is it not composed, also, of native
American citizens' Out of 1,500,000 persons forming its pop-
ulation, upwards of 800 000 are natives of America. "Will
we not have all these our political enemies7 Have not the
Catholics intermarried with all the political and religious
parties of the Union' Have we notjjsomething to lose here
also? Did not Catholic Maryland vote for Mr. Clay9 In
Pennsylvania and New Yosk, where there are more than
150,000 Catholics in each State, did they not there vote,
thousands of them, the whig ticket9 Did they not give the
strongest whig vote in their parishes in Louisiana, and aho
in their counties m Kentucky '.' Are not even many ol the
bishops ot the States of Maryland, Massachusetts, New-
York, Pennsylvania, and Louisiana, whigs? Is not the
bishop of our own city (Nashville) whig also' Do you think,
then, that any political party can ever succced which ex-
cites against itself two such powerful combinations as the
Catholics and naturalized foreigners9 Is it possible that
only fifteen years have elassed," since the Catholics of Ire-
land have been emancipated, though for unnumbeied
years, such mighty geniuses as Chatham, Burke, Lord John
Russel, Grattan, Canning, Bell, and Brougham, have la-
bored to break their chains9 And yet. m a land that boasts it-
self to be the asylum of the persccutod and oppressed, she >'s
kindling the same fires—commencing the same ci usade *'
"But is it true, that the spirit of Catholicism is anti-repub-
lican9"
"As I am a member of a prote&tanl church, and a citizen
of Nashville, where thf iv are but few Catholics and where
the citizens generally are somewhat prejudiced against
them, I could, if 1 wished, with impunity speak derogatory
of this sect. But let justice be done, though thehea-vrns
should fall From whence or how was obtained the idea
that Catholicism is hostile to liberty, political or religious'
During the reformation—that great morher of rovolutions—
when the foundations of powers and principalities were up-
heaved as by the eruptions of a volcano, did not the demon
of persecution rage as fiercely among the protestant sects as
among these and the Catholics' Did not the CalvmisK,
Lutherans, and Armmians oft array themselves againct
each other' Did not the Protestants, previous to the revo-
lution in Great Britain, persecute with dire vengeance
each other—and have they not done so in Germany, ]- ranee,
and many other European powers since' During our co-
lonial state, w hen Piotestants, Puritans and Quakers, were
disfranchising and waging a relentless war of persecution
against each other th x>ugh Pennsylvania and the New Eng-
land colonies, did jnot Catholic Maryland open her free
bosom to all, and declare, m |her domain, that no man or
sect should be persecuted for opinion's sake' And was she
not, from this fact, the sanctuary of the oppressed and per-
secuted, not only of America, but of Europe' And when
the storm-cloud of a seven years' revolution burst with all
its destructive wrath, were not Catholics seen fighting in
the vans of ourarmies, and mingling their torrents of blood
with those of Protestants, in defence of American liberty
and independence7 Was there an occan, a bav, or a
stream, not empurpled by their blood? Was there
a hill or a plain not witened by their hones' And
is Catholicism a foe to liberty' Is Ireland's Catholic Isle
the nursery of slaves, though hex ever-green Shamrock no
longer wreathed the brows of her warriors—though her
palaces are in rums, her cities in tears, her people m chains9
No! Thou didst never cradle a slave, and thy incessant
convulsions are but the struggling throes of that unextin-
guished spirit of liberty which shall yet burst forth with ir-
resistible impetuosity, and shake haughty England to her
very anchor, though down deep in the mam. Was Catholic
Poland the birth-place of slaves' Go ask Cracow and War-
saw, when they last beheld, against combined Russia, Aus-
tria, and Prussia* in death arrayed, their patriot bands; 'few
but undismayed;' or ask Freedom, too as said the bard, did
she not shriek, when Poland, under Madalin?ki and Koscius-
ko, fell' Were Lafayette. Pulaski, McNeill, De Kalb, and
O Prir-n, fots to liberty? Was Charles Carroll of Carroll-
ton. the last survivor of the Signers of the Declaration of In-
dependence. a fuend of despotism? Was> Thomas FiU&iui-
mons, one of the immortal revolutionary spirits, that framed
the constitution, a foe to liberty? Have we forgotten what
Washington, the great Father of his country, said of the
Catholics' He said: 'J hope ever to set Jimrnca foremost
a/nana the nations of the earth, in <<campl*<i of justice and libe-
rality; and I presume my fellow-citizens fill never forget the
patiiotic part which Catholics took in the accomplishment cf
their mi olution and the establishment of theii government) or
the imp >? (ant assistance which they received fom France,in
which the Catholic religion i$ professed'' Therefore if perse-
cution is any proof of the anti-repubhcan spirit of any de-
nomination, does not every protectant tect stand equally
condemned9 And if fighting for liberty in all aires and in ail
governments, is any proof of the republican spirit of any
sect's creed, docs not Roman Catholicism stand justified
This Mr. J. thought conclusive upon this point,
and he was in hopes they would hear the charge
no more that all the Catholics belonged to the demo-
cratic party, when it was not true. Did the gentle-
man from North Carolina not know that Mr. Wm.
Gaston, the most distinguished whig in the State,
previous to his death was a Roman Catholic? Did
lie not know that Mr. Gaston was influential in
having the constitution of North Carolina so amend-
ed as to make Catholics eligible to hold civd offices
in that State? Mr. J. said he had not made this ref-
erence to the Catholics with the view of arousing
any new prejudice, or reviving any old ones! but
merely to set this subject right before the public;
as to himself, he was willing to admit and receive
Catholics as well as all other denominations into the
democratic church, when they were convinced upon
principle.
Mr. J. next, in reply to Mr. Cungman, took a
view of Mr. Polk's course in relation to the tariff,
which he showed to have been consistent throughout,
and openly explained, as well as understood by the
public; and then he contrasted with it Mr. Clay's
vacillating course and contradictory letters on the
same subject. He also read a letter from Mr.
Clay, in which he said that, considering the near
approach of the election, he ha"d come to the deter-
mination to answer no more letters making political
inquiries.
He went on to quote from Mr. Clingman's speech,
and to comment thereon, particularly on that part in
which the gentleman from North Carolina had spo-
ken of the President elect as a man without nerve.
He said Mr Polk had shown himself to be a man of
great moral courage; and if his physical courage
should be tested by a call to the field—of what some
called "honor," but which he (Mr. J.) held to be
infamy and disgrace—he had no doubt it would be
found that Mr. Polk's pis'ol would not be discharged
before he had brought his arm to an angle of 45 de-
gress. [Laughter.]*
Mr. J. said, after the delivery of this string of bald
asseitions, it was remarked by several that he de-
served a severe laceration! but the story of the new
married couple occurred to him! and he would tell
it if it was not out of order, and might be considered
personal. ["Tell it, tell it, was the cry from mem-
bers all around."]
The story was something like this' the newly mar-
ried couple, after a sufficient length of time had elapsed,
were blessed with a little responsible. One day the
husband invited a friend home with him to dine;
while they were sitting in the parlor, conversing to
kill time while dinner was preparing, the little re-
sponsible, which was with its mother in an adjoin-
ing room, began to fret and cry at a wonderful rate.
The husband asked the mother if she could not quiet
the baby. The mother attempted to soothe and paci-
fy the fretful, thing, but all to no purpose; the child
continued to cry; he made the same inquiry again;
the mother by this time had made every effort in
her power, but all to no effect; at last the fretting
and crying became so annoying to the father, that he
broke silence by exclaiming, in a very peremptory
tone of voice, "can't you whip that child.and make
it hush?" The mother gradually rose from her seat
with the link that bound them together in her arms,
and advancing towards her husband with a bosom
expanding with compassion, and a countenance melt-
ing with love for the cross diminutive creature, said,
"Oh! my dear it is so little there is no place to whip
it on." If it was not personal and contrary to par-
liamentary law, and through fear of being invited
<It was understood that Mr. Clingman fired his pistol, in
the duel with Mr. Yancey, at an angle of about 4o degiees
on &n elevation.
