222
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
28th Cong.. ..2d Sess.
Annexation of Texas—Mr. Jl. Johnson.
out to the bloodless and laurelless field of "honor, he
would make the application by saying the member
from North Carolina was so little there was no
place to whip him; but he would omit to make the
application himself, and leave it to the House.
[Laughter.]
Mr. J. said that he discovered that his kour was
like all earthly things—it was drawing to a close;
and what remained ofhis unexpired time he would
devote to the subject properly before the committee.
However, he had notified the House, in the open-
ing of his speech, that if he touched the question
before the committee, it would be by accident,
and not by design. As to the expediency and con-
stitutionality of resuming the jurisdiction of the
United States over Texas, or of admitting her into
our confederacy of States as a sovereign member, he
did not entertain a doubt. In 1763, France, then
the rightful owner by discovery and occupancy,
ceded the whole country, known by the name of
Louisiana, (now the State of Louisiana and the re-
public of Texas,) to the kingdom of Spain. The
King of Spain held it under the French cession for
thirty-seven years, or tiil the year 1800, when Spain
ceded back the Territory of Louisiana to France.
France then held it until 1803, when she ceded the
whole country as before mentioned to the United
States, for the sum of §15,000,000. In 1804 the
United States established a territorial government
out of the southern portion of it, under the name of
New Orleans. In 1812 it was admitted into the
Union as a sovereign State. In 1819, all that vast
extent of territory, lying west of the dividing line
between the United States and Texas, was ceded to
Spain by the United States. In the treaty of 1819,
it is contended that the United States was divested
of all title to this country, called Texas. Mr. J. con-
tended that this governmenthad no power to alienate
or expatriate any portion of its citizens without their
consent. We find the inhabitants of Texas, some
few months after the treaty between the United
States and Spain had been concluded, meeting in a
primary assembly, exercising a right pertaining to
sovereigns, secured to them by the laws of nations,
and the third article of the treaty made between the
United States and the Kingdom of France, at Paris,
on the 30th of April, 1803, and entering their sol-
emn protest against the treaty of 1819, transferring
them and their country to a foreign despot. The
argument is, "it has been done by solemn treaty,
and treaties must be preserved inviolate;" and from
this argument he would not dissent; but he wanted
to know if treaties had been complied with. In the
third arlicle of the treaty of 1803, we were bound to
do certain thing®. Had the treaty been complied with?
had the plighted faith of the United States been re-
deemed? He would read the third article of the
treaty
"The inhabitants of the ceded territory shall be incor-
porated mto the Tnion of the trnited States, and admitted as
soon as possible, according to the principles ol the federal
constituliun, to the enjoyment of all the rights, advantages,
and immunities of citizens of the United States, and, in the
mean time, shall be protected m the free enjoyment of their
liberty, property, and the religion which they profess."
Mr. J. said the on!y*inquiry to make was, wheth-
er the people of Texas had been incorporated into
the United States, which was part of Louisiana at
the time this treaty was made? or had the article
just read been violated or not?—had the blessings of
our free institutions been extended to them or not?
were they permitted to enjoy the religion they pro-
fessed, or had they been transferred to a Spanish
despot like so many sheep in the shambles? had
they been compelled to bow to a religion they did
not profess? These, he thought, inquiries of some
importance.
But the argument is, Texas and her inhabitants
were surrendered by this government to Spain in
1819, and iliat it is a treaty made and solemnly en-
tered into, and must be complied with. The peo-
ple of Texas insist on a compliance with the treaty
of 1S03, which was solemnly made and entered into.
What, then, is to be done5 There are two treaties
made by the United States of the one part, conflict-
ing in their most essential articles. The question
then comes up, is there no arbiter, no principle by
which the conflicting provisions of those two trea-
tries can be settled? By reference to Vattel, vei y
high authority, and relied upon as one of the ablest
writers upon the laws of nations, the point now un-
der consideration was conclusively settled. He
then read as follows from Vattel, page 19G, section
165;
•'A sovereign already bound by_a treaty cannot enter in-
to others contrary to the first. -The things respecting
Jfan. 1.845.
H. of Heps.
which he has entered into engagements are no longer at
his disposal. If it happen*, that a posterior treaty be found,
in any particular point, to clash with one of more ancient
date, the new treaty is null and void with respect to that
point, inasmuch as it tends to dispose of a thing that is no
longer in the power of him who appears to dispose of it."
The treaty made in 1803 with France is the most
ancient treaty; the treaty made in 1819 with Spain,
sixteen years after, is the posterior treaty. The
treaty of 1819 is in direct conflict with the third ar-
ticle of the treaty of 1803, and, to the extent of the
conflict, is void from the beginning.! never vesting
Spain with the shadow of title to the territory and
people of Texas. Notwithstanding the United
States have slept upon or permitted her right,
which she obtained from France in 1803, to become
latent fron 1819 up to this time, this government
has never been divested of it according to the laws
of nations; and it can be resumed and exer. ised at
any time, the people and government of Texas as-
senting thereto,without violating the rights of Mexico
or Spain. Admit, for the sake of the argument,
the fact that the title set up by Texas to her-
self is not clear beyond dispute; admit, also,
the fact of her passing voluntarily under the
jurisdiction of the United States, thereby putting
this government in possession of the whole coun-
try. Once in possession, this government is not
merely bound to rely upon the possessory title, but
is cast back upon her more ancient right, acquired
by treaty from the kingdom of France in 1803,
which is beyond dispute, and good against the
world, and places this government in a position that
will enable her to do justice to a brave and patriotic
people, by incorporating them into this Union, and
thereby redeem its plighted faith. The title to this
whole country was rightfully and constitutionally
acquired from France in 1803. In 1819, it had been
surrendered or ceded to Spain contrary to the con-
sent of the inhabitants, in disregard of national law,
trampling under foot the treaty stipulations solemnly
made and entered into, and m direct violation of the
plain letter and spirit of the constitution of the
Unitad States, which confers the important and very
delicate power of disposing of territory exclusively
upon the Congress of the United States, and cannot
be cxcrcised by any other department of this gov-
ernment.
If the premises be correctly laid, and the conclu-
sions be lawfully drawn, the whole question re-
solved itself into a plain, simple proposition of ad-
mitting a new State into the Union—a power which
no one doubted or denied; and all that remained for
Congress now to do was to prescribe the mode
and manner of admission. Mr. J. said he thought
the great error the committee had fallen into in the
discussion of this subjcct was the confounding of
two separate and distinct things: the one to acquire
territory under the treaty-making power; the other
the admission of new States into the Union. He said
it had been contended by some, since this discussion
commenced, that the government must first acquire
the territory by treaty, and then, he supposed, keep it
in kind of political probation for a certain length of
time, and then admit the territory so acquired into
the Union as a sovereign State. The acquisition of
territory under the treaty-making power is wholly
incidental. There is no where to be found in the
constitution the power expressly conferred upon the
general government to acquire territory. If the ad-
mission of new States into the Union be made de-
pendent upon the exercise of an incidental power,
flowing from the treaty-making power, to acquire
territory, the express grant of power becomes
the inferior and subordinate to the incidental power,
which is an absurdity in itself. The admission of a
sovereign State into the Union is not an acqui-
sition of territory in the sense that territory is or
can be acquired under the treaty-making power.
They are wholly different. When territory is
acquired by this government under the treaty-
making power, the entire jurisdiction and right
enures to this government—or, in other words,
the territory so acquired becomes the prop-
erty and creature of all the States composing
the Union at the time of such acquisition. Not so
with a State when admitted into the Union; she
comes in as an integral, clothed with all the attri-
butes of the other sovereignties, retaining the entire
control and disposition of her own territory. The
admission of Georgia and North Carolina into the
Union, after the adoption of the federal constitution
by the other States, did not vest the right of terri-
tory in the federal government; for long after their
admission iBto the Union as States, they made
deeds of cession of their territory to the general gov-
ernment.
But there is another objection to the admission of
Texas into the Union: that it is a foreign State, and
that there is no authority, under the constitution, to
admit States composed of foreign territory'. What
was meant by "foreign territory" by some who had
debated the question, he could not exactly tell. The
provision in the constitution authorizing the admis-
sion of new States into the Union, was wholly silent
as(to domestic or foreign territory. There was no
boundary line laid down in the constitution of the
United States, but would cover as many States as
Congress, in its wisdum, might think proper-to ad-
mit into the Union. As to the boundary line estab-
lished between the United States and Great Britain
in the treaty of 1783, there is no one, at this late
day, who can suppose, for one minute, that the
framers of the constitution intended, or even thought
of, that being their boundary of the United States.
If so, why was it not fixed in the constitution? He
said he would read from the treaty the line agreed
upon in 1783, viz:
"Commencing at the Lake of the Woods, and
from thence m a due west course to the river Mis-
sissippi; thence by a line to be drawn along the middle of
the said river Mississippi until it sha]l intersect the north-
ernmost part of the thirty-first degree of north latitude;
south by ft li#e to he drawn due east from the determination
of the line last mentioned, in the latitude of thirty-one de-
grees nofth of the equator, to the middle of the river Apala-
chicolaor Catohouche; thence along the middle thereof to
its junction with Flint river; thence straight to the head of
St. Mary's river; and thence down along the middle of St.
Mary's river to the Atlantic ocean."
He continued by saying, is there any one that can
believe for one moment that the framers of the con-
stitution never expected or intended that new States
should be formed beyond this line, which were to
be admitted into the Union? If Texas be a foreign
State because she is beyond this line, and cannot be
admitted on that account, Iowa and Florida, now
knocking at the door for admission into our federal
family, must be excluded, and kept out; Missouri,
Arkansas, and-Louisiana must he turned out of the
Union, because they have all been formed out of
"foreign territory," or territory beyond this line.
He said by reference to the writings of Mr. Madi-
son we could get some little light upon this point.
He-then lead as follows:
"A second observation to be made is, that the immediate
object of the federal constitution is to secure the union of
the union of thirteen primitive States, 'which we know to be
practicable, and to add to them such other States as may
arise m their bosom, or in their neighborhood, which we
cannot doubf to be equally practicable. The arrangements
that may be necessary for those angles and fractions of our
territory which lie on our northwestern frontier, must be
left to those whom further discoveries and experience will
rencler,more equal to the task "—Federalist, letter No. xiv,
James Madison
' In the articles of confederation, no provision is found
on this important subject. Canada wasto.be admitted of
right, on her joining in the measures of the United States
and the other colonics, by which were evidently meant
the other British colonies, at the discretion of nine States.
The eventual establishment of new States seems to have
been overlooked by the compilers of the instrument. We
have seen the inconvenience of this omission, and the as-
sumption of power into which Congress have been led by
it. With great propriety, therefore, has the new system sup-
plied'the defect Feberalist, letter No. xun—James Madi-
son.
Mr. .T. continued by asking if Texas was not in
the neighborhood. Was she not a sovereign State?
And had not this government, under that provi-
sion of the constitution, which says, "New States
may be admited by Congress into this Union," the
power to admit Texas into the American family of
States Take both of the paragraphs together,
whieh he had read, and they showed conclusively
that this provision was inserted in the constitution
for the express purpose of curing the defect in the
artices of confederation. The power to admit new
States was intended to be broad and general. He
thought further comment upon this head was un-
necessary. It must be clear to all.
Mr. J. said, as to the expediency and propriety of
admitting Texas inio the Union, he had no doubt.
This Union, when formed, would embrace within the
government of the United States all the valuable cot-
ton soil, or nearly so, upon the habitable globe. Cot-
ton was destined to clothe more human beings than
any article that had ever been discovered. The fac-
tories of England would be compelled to stand still,
if it was not for cotton; Her operatives would be
starving in the streets, without subsistence or the
means to obtain it, if it was not for cotton.
Give this government the command of the raw
material, cotton, and it wpuld be putting Great
