Feb. 1845.
appendix to the congressional globe.
223
28th Cong.....2d Sess.
Annexation of Texas—Mr, Johnson.
Senate.
Britain under bonds,to keep the peace for all time to
come. The raw material, cotton, she must have,and
must be dependent upon the United States for it.
By the admission of Texas into the Union, it would
give this government the command of the Gulf
stream, extending protection and security to the
commerce of the great valley of the Mississippi.
Time would not permit him to point out the many
advantages both of a domestic and rational char-
acter that would flow from the consummation of so
grand an object—the stream of wealth that would
flow from the silver mines of Teas—the peculiar
fitness and adaptation'of the climate and soil to the
production of cotton, sugar, rice, and the higher
and more norther portion to the growing of stock
and grain—the profitable employment it would
give to slave labor, thereby enabling the master to
clothe and feed that portion of our population, soft-
tening and alleviating theircondition,~and in the end,
when it shall please Him who works out all great
events by general laws, prove to be the gate-way out
of which the sable sons of Africa are to pass from
bondage to freedom, where they can become merged
in a population congenial with themselves, who
know and feel no distinction in consequence of the
various hues of skin or crosses of blood.
He (Mr. J.) had not time to speak of the Texians
as they deserved to be spoken of. They have gone
out from their mother country, as the twelve spies m
olden times. They have succeeded in exploring
and possessing themselves of the only remaining
portion of .Canaan destined by God for his Ameri-
can Israel. Having accomplished the great object
of their mission, they now return, not as prod-
igals, whose estates hid been wasted in riotous liv-
ing, or with even specimens of the production of
their delightful country, but with the country it-
self—sufficient in extent to make an empire: and
this country they are willing to lay down at our
feet. Will we refuse their admission into our fam-
ily of States? They are our kindred and our blood!
our brothers and our sisters!—have they not proved
themselves worthy of being associated with their
own noble race? . „
For himself, he was willing for one (when he took
a glance at the historic page giving an account of
their rise and progress—the privations and hard-
ships they have undergone—the money and toil
they have expended—the valor and patriotism they
have displayed in the hour of danger—the magna-
nimity and forbearance in the hour of triumph over
a captive foe, whose garments were red with their
brothers' blood—the battles they have fought and
the fields of carnage through which they have pass-
ed—the brilliant and unexampled victories they
have won on their grand and glorious march to free-
dom and independence)—to extend to them the
right hand of fellowship, and welcome them into our
glorious sisterhood of States.
Mr. J.'s hour here expired.
Jhierttac! Jiow General llunfs letter to Mr, Fortyth, Secre-
tary (•/ State., in ]rf37, which sum* up iome important facta
i onna-te'l uuth Tea-inn /lis'O) y:
"On the l?th of January, lsM, Moses Austin obtained per-
mission from the supreme government of the eastern inter,
rial provinces oi' New Spam, at .Monterey, to settle a colony
ofenngianta in Texas, and in the month of December fol-
low mtf, his son, Stephen F Austin, who had undertaken
the <Mitoi prise in obedience to the testamentary request of
his father, appeared upon the river Brazos with the first
Anglo-American .settlers. From that period maybe dated
the Anglo-American history of a country which has grown
into notice with unexampled rapidity, and already presents
itself as another monument of the indomitable energy of the
evtraordmarj race bv which it was popnlc<tpd "
' In the mean time. Mexico had shaken oft' the Spanish
yoke, and established herself as a sovereign and independ-
ent government Anxious, however, to increase her politi-
cal influence and resources by every means in her power,
and prompted by a desire to repress the Indians on her
northern frontiers—observing, too, the beneficial effects
resulting from the liberal system of nuturali/.ation adopted
in the United States, she* determined to pursue a similar
course of policy m relation to aliens.
"Actoidiiigij, on the 4th of January, J&23, a national
colonization law was adopted by the Mexican Congross,
and approved by the fcmperor "Don Augustin Iturbide; and
on the 18th February a decree was issued, authorizing
Austin to proceed with his colony; which decree, after the
abdication of Iturbide, and the change of government con-
sequent thereon, was confirmed by the first executive coun-
cil, in accordance with a special order of the Mexican Con-
gress "
"On the id of February, 1824, the federal constitution of
Mexico, based upon that of the United States, was pro-
claimed as the established polity of the land; and, by a
decree of the 7th of May, of the same year, the provinces
of Texas and Coahuila were pi ovisionally united, to form
one of the constituent and sovereign States of the Mexican
confederacy
"Up to the year 1S30, the people of Texas had taken hut
little concern in the series of political convulsions which
had so closely followed one another in the inteuor of Mexi-
co. So long as they were left unmolested in the enjoyment
of their own rights, their natural disposition for pence
restrained them irom participating in the internal commo-
tions of the other States But theii rapidity growing
strength and steady adherence to republican principles
began now to athact the notice and excite the jealousy of
the bupiome government. This wa* plain!) evinced b}
the passage of the arbinury law of the tith of April, 1830 b>
winch the further introduction or immigration of American
settlers into Texas was expressly and totally prohibited for
the future. Military posts were established over the prov-
ince; the civil authorities were trample-d under foot; and
the people of Texas, for a time, were subjected to the
capricious tyranny ot unrestrained mihtarv misrule.
' In 1S32, Bu&tamente had rst^bhshed himself upon the
ruins of the federal constitution. The colonists now flew
to arms. On the 26th of June, with greatly inferior num-
bers, the} besieged and took the foit at Velasco They
th^n attacked the garrison at Anahuae. and reduced that
also. This achievement was shortly followed by the re-
duction of the garrison at Nacogdoches, and, ni December
of the iaine year, upon the suspension ofhostihties between
Generals Santa Anna and Bu^tamente, the colonists found
themselves once more in the quiet enjoyment of the rights
guarantied to them by the constitution and the laws .under
which they consented to become Mexican citi7ens "
'*1833. Texas, now conscious of her integral strength,
and anxious to be erected in a sepai ate State, m conformity
with the decree of the 7th ot May, 1S24. which had promised
and secured to her a separate constitution, so soon as she
was in possession of the necessary elements of self-govern-
ment, assembled a general convention at San Felipe, for the
purpose of drafting an instrument suited to the wants and
peculiar character and habits of her people. Accordingly,
in the spring of the same } ear, Stephen F. Austin was com-
missioned to present the constitution agreed upon, with a
petition for the fulfilment of the said decree of the 7th of
May The respectful petition of the people of Texas was
treated with disdain, and their commissioner incarcerated m
a dungeon.
1835. Affairs were now verging to an inipoi taut ciisis.
General Antonio Lopez de Santa Anna had openly declared
in favor of centralism, which, - however specious m its pre-
tences, was really based upon the downfall oithe State gov-
ernments, and the consolation of all power, civil and mili-
tary, in the hands of a single individual. Many of the States
had recourse to arms in support of their sovereignty, and
Santa Anna took the field against them. The blood-stained
march ot the usurper was invariably attended with the most
triumphant success. One by one, the States toppled and
fell. The legislature of Coahuila and Texas was dissolved
at the point of the bayonet. The noble State of Zacatecas,
battling to the last for her liberties, and weltering in the
life-blood of her butchered citizens, was forced to yield to
the relentless terms of the dictator. Mexican liberty lied,
and found her only place of refuge among the Anglo-Ameri-
cans of Texas.
"Corresdondin^ committees of safety and vigilance were
now formed in all the municipalities of the province "With
a smgle voice, they declared for the support of the constitu-
tion, and an immediate appeal to arms.
"There was no alternative left them, and the people of
Texas plunged into the contcst for the protection of their
liberties. On the 29th of September, 1^3-3, they defeated a
detachment of Mexicans at Gonzales. On the 9th ol Octo-
ber, they .stormed and took the strong fortress of Goliad
In the same month they invested the city of Sftn Antonio
de Bexar. On the 2Sth, they fought the battle of Concep-
tion, and with ninety-two men obtained a signal victory
over four hundred Mexican regulars. On the the 3d of
November, they captured the garrison at Sepantillan.
Shortly after, they defeated the enemy at San Patricio.
On the Bth, the Mexicans were again discomfited in the
vicinity of San Antonio On the 26th, they were once
more routed, with very considerable loss On the 5th of
December, thetown of San Antonio was stormed by three
hundred Ameucans, under the gallant Milam, and, after
five days' incessant fighting, General Cos was forced to
capitulate, and thirteen hundred Mexicans were set at lib-
erty, on their parole of honor'that they would not, in any
way, (thereafter,) oppose the re establishment of the feder-
al constitution of 1^24" Thus ended the first campaign,
and the tri-colored flag of the constitution still continued
to wave in Texas—but of all Mexico, in Texas alone.
"November 3, 1835. Jn the mean time, the delegates of
the people had assembled in 'general consultation" at San
Felipe de Austin. Their-deliberations resulted in a solemn
declaration that they had taken up arms in defence of the
republican principles of the federal constitution of 1S24;
that they would continue faithful to the Mexican confeder-
acy so long as it should be governed by the constitution
ond laws that were framed lor the piotection of their po-
litical rights; that they were no longer morally or
civilly bound by the compact of union, but that, stimulated
by the generosity and sympathy common to a free people,
they offered their support and assistance to such of the
members of the confederacy as would take up arms against
military despotism This declaration met with no response
from the interior, and Texas was left alone and single-
handed to carry on the war against the forces of the dicta-
tor
"Before the dissolution of the "consultation,''a provision-
al government was organized, and the 1st of March, lb3f>,
appointed for the meeting of a new convention.
"In the month ofFebruary, 1P3H, General Santa Anna ap-
peared on the river San Antonio, m Texas, at the head of a
well-appointed army of eight thousand men. On the 21st,
he entered the town of San Antonio de Bexar, and the Tex-
ian garrison, one hundred and fifty m number, retired with-
in the walls of the Alamo. On the 6th of March, alter an
incessant bombardment of several day?, the Alamo was ta-
ken by assault, and Travis, Bowie, and Crocket, with their
little bsnd ot heroes, were all put to the sword. The Mex-
ican loss before this fort, in killed and wounded, amounted
to near fifteen hundred. On the ISth of March, near Goliad,
the Texians under Fannin were surrounded and attacked
by a much superior force of Mexicans, under Urrea, in the
middle of an open prairie. The enemy were at first beaten
ofl'j but the next morning, receiving a strong reinforcement,
with artillery, from Goliad, the Texian troops, being com-
pletely hemmed in, and cut off entiiely from water, surren-
dered, on condition of being released on parole, and trans
ported to the United States The terms [of the capitulation
were shamefully violated, and Fannin and his comrades
weie treacherouslj' massacred in cold blood.
"Notwithstanding the near appioach oS the Mex.can for-
ces, reeking as they weie ftom their recent victories in the
interior, and headed by a leader whom they believed to be
invincible, the newly electcd convention met at Washing-
ton at the appointed time, and, in conformity with their in-
structions, on the 2d day of March, 1836, made a formal and
absolute declaration of independence. They then pio-
ceeded to frame a constitution, to be submitted to the peo-
ple of independent Texas for adoption; and, after organ-
izing a government ad interim, composed of a president,
vice president, and cabinet, they adjourned in time for
many of their number to join the patriot army under Gen-
eral Houston before his meeting with the enemy. On the
21>t of Apul. Texian independence was sealed and conse-
crated by the blood of its enemies on the field of San Ja-
cinto The Mexican general and President was there met
by General Houston, the division he commanded in person
totally annihilated, he himself was made prisoner, and be
camc a suppliant for the poor boon of h,s forfeited life, at
the hands of a magnanimous victor. On the 24th of April
the shattered reraant of the Mexican army, amounting in ail
to only four thousand worn-out and dispirited wretches,
commenced their retreat in the most miserable condition,
and were permitted to leave the country with all possible
celerity, in accordance with the terms of the armistice
agreed upon with their captive leader and his next in com-
mand,
"it is thus that Texian independence has been achieved.
The justice of this government has proclaimed to the world
its acknowledgment of that independence, and its recogni-
tion ofTexas as one of the sovereignties of the earth The
undersigned feels emboldened by these high reflections,
and appioaches with an anxious solicitude, but a just con-
fidence, the proposition to unite the two people under one
and the same government.
"Numerous examples of the amalgamation of sovereign-
ties may be found in th« history of nations, but force, and
not a mutual affection and interest, has been the general in-
ducement to the formation of such bonds; and it is, perhaps,
impossible to find m the annals of any age a complete prece-
dent of the one now under discussion. Texas seeks to be
annexed, first and foremost, because she is a nation of the
same blood with the people of the United States. The his-
tory of this country is her history. She claims annexation
by the kindred ties of blood, language, institutions—by a
common origin, by a common history, and by a common
freedom. Her gallant sons were bom upon your soil, and
they exult in the conviction that at Goliad, San Antonio,
Conception, and San Jacinto, they attested the legitimacy of
their Anglo-American blood; ana appealing to victories in
the cause of liberty, they ask if the single star of Texas is
not worthy to be added to the brilliant clustei on their
mother flag."
REMARKS OF MR. JOHNSON,
OP LOUISIANA,
In Senate, February 27, 1845—On the House joint
resolution for the annexation of Texas to the
United States.
It being understood that Mr. Archer, the chair-
man of the Committee on Foreign Relations, was
to close the debate—
Mr. JOHNSON, after he had concluded, asked
leave to say a few words before the vote should be
taken. Situated as he was in reference to this great
question, he wished the grounds upon which he
should vote to be distinctly understood. His hon-
orable colleague, in his speech, said that he would
not at any time, in any shape or form, vote for the
annexation of Texas; that it would be ruinous to
the sugar and cotton planters of Louisiana, as much
so as a flood which should overspread and devastate
the whole country. Now, it may thought strange,
after such an opinion, so decidedly expressed by his
colleague, that he should be in favor of the measure.
He was himself a sugar planter, and he owned a
cotton plantation, and was consequently identified
in interest with the planters of Louisiana. He did
not believe that the annexation ofTexas would pro-
duce the ruinous consequences anticipated by his
colleague. He did not doubt, however, that
if Texas should bo annexed, the emigration to that
country from the slaveholdmg States would be
greater, and that more slaves would be taken there,
and that more cotton and sugar would be made,
which might have an effect upon the price of those
articles in Louisiana; and that if he looked at the
question alone in reference to the effect it would
have upon the prices of cotton and sugar in Louisi-
ana, he would go with his colleague. He regarded
it as a great national question, in which the whole
Union is deeply interested. But he would ask his
honorable colleague if we have not strong reasons to
believelif Texas benotannexed that she will enter into
a treaty with England, by which her cotton would be
received in British ports free of duties,on condition that
British goods to be received in Texas free of du-
ties, and whether such a treaty would not be inju-
rious to the planters of Louisiana? And lie would
ask him, if Texas should hereafter become a non-
