224
28th Cong 2d Sess.
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
Jan. 1848.
Annexation of Texas—Mr. Stone.
H. of Reps.
slave-holding State, what would be the effect of
such a state of things on the interests of the planters
°f Louisiana? He considered that the annexation
of Texas would be highly beneficial to the city of
New Orleans in a commercial point of view, and
important, as it would prevent England from ob-
taining a monopoly of the trade of Texas arid an
undue influence over her government; and, as it
would preventcollisions and difficulties which might
be expected to arise between hergovernment and that
of the United States, if she should remain independent.
That he, in- fact, considered- it all-important, in
every point of view in which it could be considered,
that the whole valley of the Mississippi should be-
long ,to the United States.
Mr. J. said that he had been long in favor of the
annexation of Texas, whenever it could be fairly
done, and with the approbation of the great mass of
the people of the United States; and in answer to
letters received from his friends in Louisiana, at the
last session of Congress, pending the discussion on
the Texas treaty, he had stated that Texas, in his
opinion, would ultimately be so annexed. He had
voted against the treaty because it was sprung upon
us for pnrty purposes, and evidently with the view
of operating upon the approaching presidential elec-
tion, without a sufficient opportunity having been
afforded for the expression of public sentiment.
Since then public sentiment had been expressed to a
great extent, and he now believed -that a very large
majority of the people of the United States were in
favor of annexation.
The senators from Pennsylvania; New York,
New Hampshire, and one of those from Maine,
were in favor of annexation, and it was believed that
considerable portions of the people of the other east-
ern States were also in favor of it. It could not be
disguised, he said, that the main opposition now
manifested to the measure proceeded from the spirit
of fanaticism. The measure was boldly opposed, in
and out of Congress, on the ground that it would
perpetuate slavery, and add to the strength and pow-
er of the southern States. Such an opposition, pro-
ceeding from such sources, for such purposes, had
operated powerfully on his mind in favor of annexa-
tion.
The State he had the honor, in part, to represent,
was as deeply interested in the slave question as
any other in the Union; and could it be supposed
that he could listen with indifference to such attacks
made on the rights of property of its citizens, or op-
pose a measure calculated, in.his opinion, to
strengthen those rights, and to promote the perma-
nent prosperity and glory of the nation?
Mr. J. said that whilst England and other foreign
governments were extending their acquisitions of
territory all over the world, it would be strange that
the United States should reject Texas. He had
been asked if he believed that a foreign country
could be admitted into this Union by an act of Con-
gress? He would answer by saying, he did not be-
lieve that, under the resolutions referred to, Texas
would be admitted as a foreign country. Mr. Jef-
ferson had stated, after the Florida treaty was made,
that Texas was a part of Louisiana, and that no
power existed in the government of the United
States to transfer the country to Spain, and that
consequently the treaty was void; that Gen. Wash-
ington and the whole of his cabinet, of which he
was then a member, expressed it as their opin-
ion that the government of the United States
had not the power to transfer to another government
any portion of its territory. If these opinions of
Mr. Jefferson be correct, there existed no difficulty
in this matter. But, whether correct or not, it was
not contemplated by these resolutions to admit a
foreign country into this Union.
He felt authorized to discriminate between the
admission of Texas, which the citizens of Louisi-
ana well believed was a part of Louisiana, and the
admission of a foieign State whose people and terri-
tory were wholly alien to ours. The first white
settlement of Texas was while it formed part of
Louisiana; and, until the treaty of 1819, continued
to be settled as a part of Louisiana from the same
common source (the United States) as other parts
of the territory of Louisiana. They protested
against the act which made them nominally alien;
and, on the authority of General Washington and
his cabinet, before referred to, he could not regard
the return of our own citizens, and the admission of
those citizens, with the territory including their
home;!, formerly a part of Louisiana, as the admis-
sion of a foreign State, in the common use of those
terms.
When the resolutions under consideration were
received from the House, (Mr. J. said,) he did not
believe that he could vote for them on constitutional
grounds, and so expressed himself to the Senate;
but, after a full examination of the question, he
now believed that the objections which - existed
against the acquisition and admission of Louisiana
as a State were as strong, if not stronger, than those
which exist against the adoption of these resolu-
tions. Mr. Jefferson believed that there werejstrong
constitutional objections to the.annexation of Loui-
siana; but, in consideration of the importance of
the object to be obtained, he yielded those objec-
tions, and so did the Senate and House of Repre-
sentatives of the United States; and the measure
had been acquiesced in by the whole people of the
United States. For the same reasons, he should
yield his constitutional scruples to the adoption of
these resolutions.
He opposed the Texas treaty, not only because
it was presented as a party question, but because it
provided for the payment of the whole of the debts
of Texas, to an unlimited amount, without sufficient
evidence to enable the Senate to form an opinion as
to the amount. Some believed that they might
amount to thirty or forty millions of dollars; nor
was it known that there were any vacant lands of
any value in Texas. It had been represented on
good authority that the whole country was covered
with grants. Besides, we then had reasons to be-
lieve that the annexation of Texas would produce a
war with Mexico. From the present condition of
the affairs of Mexico, no such danger was now to
be apprehended. The presidential election was
over, and this could not now be considered as a par-
ty question. He believed that all parties would
hail the annexation of Texas as a great national
achievement. Acting under these impressions, and
believing that a large majority of the people of Louis-
iana are in favor of annexation, and considering it
his duty to piiy the highest respect to their wishes,
and his constitutional objections being to a gieat ex-
tent removed, he should vote for the resolutions,
notwithstanding the pain it gave him to separate
himself in this instance from the most of those with
whom it had been his pride generally to act in this
body. Entertaining the opinions he did, and be-
lieving that if Texas should not be annexed under
these resolutions, it never would be annexed, he
could not act differently.
SPEECH OF MR. A. P. STONE,
of ohio.
In the House of Representatives, January 24, 1844.—
in Committee ©f the Whole, on the joint resolu-
tion for the annexation of Texas.
Mr. Chairman: After the elaborate manner in
which this question has been discussed, and by-
some of the ablest men in this hall, it would be an
exhibition of egotism (which I trust I do not pos-
sess) were I to suppose myself copable of throwing
any additional light, either before the committee or
the country, on this great subject.
My constituents feel a deep interest in this meas-
ure, and I should be wanting in duty to them, as
thoir representative, if, when I saw there was danger
of its being defeated, I were to remain silent.
It would be well for our country, its peace, and
prosperity, if, when we attempt to discuss great na-
tional subjects like this now before us, affecting all
the great interests of the country, we could lay aside
our passions, our prejudices, and our party predi-
lections, and bring that same cool and unbiassed
judgment to bear upon them that we do upon the
ordinary business of legislation. When I contem-
plate the immense advantages which must result to
the nation by annexation, opening new markets for
the produce of the West, and manufactures of the
East, new marts for our commerce, adding strength
and security to our frontiers, an immense and fertile
territory to the republic, and extending the area of
freedom,—it appears strange to me that such a ques-
tion should ever have become a party question; but
so it is. The two great political parties of the coun-
try, in the late campaign, went before the people
upon this issue, if upon no other. The people have
rendered up their verdict, and it is our duty, as
faithful representatives, to carry it into execution.
It seems a little strange to me that this new issue
of want of power under the constitution to annex
Texas was not brought forward when this subject
was under discussion before the people. During
that whole contest, when the enemies of this great
measure were taxing their ingenuity to the utmost,
to find arguments against this measure, this want of
power in the constitution, which, if well founded,
must have put the matter forever at rest, was not
once thought of. If it was, I never heard of it: and
I had the pleasure of listening to a large number of
the*most able men in the opposition on this subject.
Then the reasons urged against it were these; that
it would increase and perpetuate slavery; that it
would add to the relative strength of the slave power
in the country, involve the country in antfnjust war,
and that we should" assume an immense and unknown
debt. Well, sir, the people decided to take all these
responsibilities. Defeated before the people on these
issues, they now plant themselves upon the consti-
tution, and insist there is no -power conferred m
that sacred instrument, upon any branch of the gov-
ernment, to acquire foreign territory, or annex a
foreign State.
Is it possible, Mr. Chairman, that our constitution,
which we have been in the habit of regarding as the
most perfect in the world, is lacking in a matter so
essential to our interests, our safety, and advance-
ment to national greatness and glory? No, sir. It
is an insult to the memory of those enlightened
statesmen who framed this sacred instrument.
The honorable member from New York-[Mr.
Barnard] admits that we may acquire foreign ter-
ritory through the treaty-making power incident'
ally, in settlements of disputed boundaries with for-
eign nations, but denies its authority to admit a
whole empire into the republic; and asserts that the
framers of the,constitution never intended to confer
either upon the treaty-making power or Congress
authority to acquire foreign territory, for the pur-
pose of forming new States and enlarging the bound-
aries of the republic. 1 am inclined to agree with
the gentleman from New York, that the treaty-ma-
king power cannot admit a foreign State into the
Union. Such an act would be contrary to the very
nature of a treaty. A treaty supposes two parties,
existing during the formation of the treaty, and
after the treaty is made. It also supposes a power
without and bey®nd the treaty, on both sides, to
enforce a compliance with its provisions and pun-
ish an infraction of its stipulations. Without such
-parties and relations, there can be no such thing as
a treaty. If this reasoning is correct, Texas can-
not be admitted by treaty. There would be no
treaty before it was signed, and there could be none
afterward, for Texas would no longer exist as a na-
tion.
But that there is authority in another branch of
the government to admit a foreign territory, (or
Texas if you please,) I, for one, have not a uoubt.
It is not only implied, but expressed in the very
letter. It is in that article that gives Congress the
power to admit "new States" into the Union.
For what purpose was the constitution framed?
The preamble to the constitution sets forth, among
other things, that its design was "to provide for the
common defence, promote the general welfare, and
secure the blessings of liberty to ourselves, and our
posterity;" and to accomplish these results, it says
certain things may be done, and certain things shall
not be done.
Well, sir, what do we propose to do?
We propose to provide for the common defence,
and promote the general welfare. And how? By vio-
lating the constitution? No, but by doing just what
the constitution says we may do—adrtiita "new
State" into the Union.
But we are told by gentlemen that Congress has
o cower to admit a foreign State into the Union,
or a "new State" formed out of foreign territory-
J ask them where do they learn that fact? does the
constitution say Congress shall not admit a foreign
State? This is not pretended,. But it is pretended,
and asserted, that the framers of the constitution
did not design to give Congress the power to admit
a foreign State, or States, formed out of foreign ter-
ritory.
The intentions of the framers of that article can
only be known, at this late day, by the history of its
formation. That history, so far from sustaining this
view of the subject, shows the very reverse; for a
proposition was made in the convention by Mr.
Randolph, which limited Congress to the admission
of States formed out of territory belonging to the
United States; that was voted down, and the present
article adopted, the only limits to which are, "that
no "new State shall be formed, or erected within
the jurisdiction of any other State, nor any State be
formed by the junction of two or more States, or
parts of States, without the consent of the legisla-
