226
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
Jkmim.
28th Cong.. ..2d Sess.
Annexation of Texas—Mr• Stone.
H. of Reps.
the annexation of Texas will enable us to extricate
ourselves from the clutches of these vampires, God
speed the hour when her influence may be felt in
this hall.
Another reason urged in favor of this protective
policy is, that it brings down the price of all manu-
factured goods—in other words, high tariffs always
have, and always will make cheap goods. How do
they reason upon this subject? They go to the far-
mer and say, "for shirting, which you are now wear-
ing, and can purchase for eight or ten cents per
yard, before any tariff law was passed you had to
pay from thirty to forty cents a yard; for nails, which
can now be purchased for four or five cents per
pound, before the tariff law passed, thirty or forty
years since, you were abliged to pay twenty-five
and thirty cents per pound; calico, which is now
bought for twelve or fifteen cents per yard, then sold
for thirty and forty cents."
Well, Mr. Chairman, this is all true,and the same
may be said with regard to almost every other arti-
cle of merchandise. But the question that arises is,
Has the tariff produced this wonderful revolution in
p.-ices, or is it to be attributed to something else? If
i' can be demonstrated beyond all cavil or doubt that
o'her causes have produced this result, the argument
drawn from this fact falls to the ground. Let us ex-
amine this subject a little. Some thirty or forty
years ago, all the spinning in the country was done
on one of the old-fashioned spinning wheels, to
which a woman sat down and turned with her foot,
or stood up and turned with'her hand, using but one
spindle. Since that time, such a thing as a spin-
ning-jenny has been invented, to which is attached
from fifty to one hundred and fifty spindles, and
perhaps more. One man will now spin more in a
day, with one of these spinning machines, than a
woman could do in a week with one of the old
wheels.
The ancient process of making nails was this. A
blacksmith had his little forge, with two or three
rods of iron; when one of these rods became hot,
he took it from the fire, laid it upon the anvil, and
pounded it out; he then cut it off, and hammered
out its head; this done, he went through the same
slow process again. All this labor was performed
in making a single nail. Many members here will
recollect the time when we had no cut nails; they
were all wrought. Since that time a nail-making
machine has been invented, and a man will make
more nails in a day, with the aid of these machines,
than another could do, to pursue the old mode, in a
month.
A power-loom has also been invented, which sup-
plies the place of a hand-loom. With these ma-
chines a person can weave more in a day than can
be woven in a hand-loom during a whole fortnight.
Mr. Chairman, what would you think of a man
who should undertake to convince you that a law
invented a machine, that an act of Congress in-
vented a nail-making machine, a power-loom, and a
spinning-jenney? You would either suppose him a
fool, or suspect he took you for one. No, sir; such
wonders as these do not result from legislative en-
actment. If they did, man would not be forced to
"gain his bread by the sweat of his brow." If you
can legislate a nail-making machine, a power-loom,
and a spinning-jenney into existence, you can also
legislate a corn-field and a wheat-field into being;
and all that the people need do, is, to form them-
selves into legislative assemblies, and proceed to
legislate every thing into existence which their
wants or necessities may require.
The tariff laws which have been enacted have had
no more effect in reducing the price of manufactured
articles than the alien and sedition laws of the elder
Adams—not a whit more.
It is the ingenuity of man turned to the develop-
ment of science; it is the invention of these labor-
saving machines that has produced this wonderful
revolution in prices. To demonstrate this beyond
a doubt, let your tariff laws remain as they exist
and so back to the old mode of manufacture; pound
out your nails upon an anvil; do all your weaving
by a hand-loom, and spinning upon a common
spinning-wheel, and see if you would buy nails for
four cents per pound; shirtmg for eight, and calico
for twelve cents per yard.
Men who urge this policy upon the country, on
the ground that it reduces the price of manufactured
articles, are offering an insult to the public intelli-
gence. I call for the attention of the committee,
while ! read from a report made to the House m
1832, by the venerable member from Massachu-
setts, [Mr. Adams,] and call for the -particular at-
tention of the friends of this system (who agree with
him in most matters) to his views on this subject.
The report goes on to say:
"The doctrine that duties of impost cheapen the price of the
articles upon which they are levied,seems to conflict with the
first dictates of common seBse. But its supporters first appeal
with confidence to the fact,that most of the articles upon which
additional duties were levied by the tariff' of 1828, have, since
that time, considerably fallen in price; and then argue that
it must be so, by the excitement of competition in the mar-
ket. It is certainly contrary to the natural course of things
that an addition to the cost should be a reduction in the
price of the article. The price of any article in the market
must always depend upon the relative condition of demand
and supply at the time and place of sale. But very slight
variations of time and place affect often, to a very great ex-
tent, the relative proportion of the demand and supply, and
consequently the price of the article. No safe conclusion
can be drawn from the fact, that, subsequent to the tariff of
1828, the prices of the articles upon which the duties were
then increased, have fallen, unless, from other circumstan-
ces, it can be shown that the increase of the duty was the
cause of the fall in price; nor will it be sufficient to prove so
strange a paradox, to account tor it by the excitement of
competition. Wherever there is a profitable market, there
will be competition. Had the tariff ofl828 never been enact-
ed, the competition in our markets would have been as
great, and would have been as effectual to reduce the prices
as it has been with the aggravation of duties.
"But the duty of the article imported from abroad enabled
the domestic producer to enter into competition with the
importer from abroad. So long as this competition contin-
ues, the dutv operates as a bounty or premium to the do-
mestic manufacturer. But by whom is it paid.' Certainly
by thr purchaser of the article, whether of foreign ordomes-
t:c manufactures. The duty constitutes a part of the price
of the whole mass of the articles in the market. It is sub-
stantially paid upon the article of domestic manufacture, as
well as upon that of foreign production. Upon one it is a
bounty; upon the other a burden; and the repeal of the tax
must operate as an equivalent reduction of the price of the
iartcle, whether foreign or domestic."
Mr. Chairman, there is not in the English lan-
guage more truth, and sound political economy, in
the same number of words, than is contained in this
short extract from that report.
If the gentlemen in this hall would pay the same
respect to the opinion of the author of this report
on this subject as on others, the tariff act of 1842
would not long remain a blot upon the statute-book.
Another reason urged in favor of this system is,
that, inasmuch as England and other countries lay
a duty on our wheat, flour, pork, &c., in order to
trade upon fair and equal terms we must lav a duty
upon their productions. A theory must either be a
good or a bad one: it depends upon the manner it
operates, when you come to practise in accordance
with it. Let us go into a process of exportation
and importation upon this theory, and see how we
will come out. I am a merchant, sir, residing in
Ohio. Say, for instance, I have five thousand bar-
rels of flour. I put it on board a boat, and leave
for New York. When I arrive there, I find flour
worth only four dollars and seventy-five cents. I
ascertain, also, on footing up the freight and other
expenses, that the flour has cost me five dollars per
barrel, delivered in New York. If I sell it at four
seventy-five, I shall lose twenty-five cents on the
barrel. In looking over the English newspapers, I
see that flour in Liverpool is worth eight dollars.
Well, sir, I commence figuring again: I find it will
cost me fifty cents per barrel to get it freighted to
Liverpool, and John Bull will make me pay two
dollars and fifty cents duty on every barrel before
he will let me land it. Now, let us foot up, and see
what will be the result: I can get four dollars and
seventy-five cents in New York; I am obliged to
pay fifty cents per barrel freight, making five dollars
and twenty five cents, and two dollars and fifty cents
duty in England, which will make it cost me seven
dollars and seventy-five cents delivered there; and
can get eight dollars for it: so that it will make one
thousand two hundred and fifty dollars difference
in my favor by taking it to England. I conclude I will
do so. 1 put it on board a vessel and leave for Liverpool.
When I arrive in port, a custom-house officer steps
up to me and says: Mr. Stone, I understand you
have flour on board. I have, sir. I suppose you
are aware you cannot sell it here until you have
paid two dollars and fifty cents duty on the barrel?
I am, sir. I pay the duty, sell my flour, get the
money, and put it into my pocket. Well, sir, I said
I was a merchant, and intended, when I left home,
to have sold my flour in New York, and lay out
the proceeds in goods, to supply my customers in
Ohio. I find, upon examining the market in England,
that I can purchase goods much cheaper there than
1 could in New York; and I conclude I will make
my purchases here. I decide to invest ray money
in broad-cloths, (it matters not what article I take
for an illustration;) I purchase my cloths, and pay
two dollars per yard for them. I put them  n board
a vessel, and sail for New York, delighted to think
I should be able to undersell my neighbors. But
no sooner does the vessel arrive, than a custom-
house officer steps on board and addresses me thus:
Mr. Stone, I understand that when you reached
England with your flour, they made you pay two
dollars and fifty cents per barrel duty before you
sold it. That is all true; they did. Well, sir, our
government is disposed to see justice done you; and,
in order to equalize the matter, and that y®u may
not be injured, you must pay a duty of one'dollar
and fifty cents on every yard of cloth before you
land -it. Now, sir, I desire to know in what way I
am benefited by paying this dollar and fifty cents
duty on my cloths? Can I sell it any cheaper to
my customers? No; I could have sold it to them for
three dollars per yard, and made fifty per cent,
profit if I had not been forced to pay this duty. As
it is, the cost is three dollars and fifty cents, and I
must get over five dollars to make the same profit.
Sir, it is nothing but reciprocal robbery. John Bull
has picked one of my pockets, Uncle Sam the other;
and then asks, don't you see. this equalizes the mat-
ter? And then they add insult to injury by endea-
voring to persuade me that it is all done to promote
my interest. John has robbed me, and now 'Sam
mus; rob me in order to make it reciprocal. Yes, sir,
I am told it is better to be robbed twice than once,
because it makes it even. The only way I could
ever find to get even was to add the duty to the
cloth, and make my customers, the farmers and
laboring men of Ohio, pay it.
Another argument urged in favor of this measure
is, that it creates a demand for home labor, and will
consequently raise the price. That this measure
has had the effect to create a demand for labor, I will
not deny, for I am aware of that fact; but it has not
raised the price. It is very easy to show how it
creates a demand for labor. Nearly all the articles
upon which the duties were increased by the tariff
act of 1842, have since that time materially risen in
price; and nearly everything that the farmers and
planters are in the habit of selling has fallen. If m
1840, under the compromise act, it took two bales
of cotton to purchase a certain quantity of goods, it
will now take three to obtain the same amount. If
then it took three barrels of flour to buy -a coat, it
will now take four to purchase one equally valuable.
Such a state of things shows at once that this sys-
tem creates a demand for home labor. The people
must work harder and longer to obtain what they
require; and if they are willing to do so in order to
increase the profits of these rich capitalists, I have no
right to complain. The friends of this measure are
welcome to this argument.
We are cited to England as a sample of what pro-
tection will do for a nation. I would ask the advo-
cates of this policy—who so much admire the gor-
geous equipages, costly palaces, and the power and
prerogatives which her nobility enjoy—;to show
some little sympathy for the seven millions o
paupers which this system has produced. God for-
bid that the time shall ever be when, in this coun-
try, nearly a fifth of our population are to become
the tenants of those dens of vice and misery called
pauper houses, and fed upon soups made from the
leavings of the tables of a corrupt and insolent aris-
tocracy.
Like causes will produce like results. Continue
this policy of legislating for particular interests or
classes, and half a century will not have passed be-
fore we shall become, like England, a nation of na-
bobs and paupers.
Our tariff will produce the same results upon our
people as the English tariff has upon theirs, al-
though our pockets are reached through another
channel. It is not the manufacturing interest in
England that prowl about Parliament for protection;
a duty on manufactured articles would not be of
any benefit to them, for the reason that no nation
can manufacture as cheap as they can. But there
is an interest there that can be protected—a class who
desire to rob the pockets of the people. What in-
terest is it? It is the landed aristocracy. They go
to Parliament and complain that people buy their
food too cheap; that the United States and the con-
tinent of Europe send their beef, pork, and flour
there, and sell it cheaper than they can afford to do.
Now, say they, we want you to lay a duty of two
dollars and fifty cents per barrel on flour, fifty or
sixty per cent, on beef, pork, and oiher agricultur-
al products; we can then raise the price of these ar-
ticles to nearly the amount of the duty levied; and
you perceive that we can make much more from
our lands than we could if the inhabitants were al-
