PeB. 1845.
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
205
28th Cong 2d Sess.
Annexation of Texas—Mr. Woodbury.
Senate.
ous power ; to provide and maintain a navy was an-
other, costing one-third of all our annual expendi-
ture; and to raise and sxipport armies, another, which,
with its incidents, swallowed up half our whole rev-
enue.
One of the chief beauties and excellencies of that
instrument was its surprising brevity and terseness
—like the Bible itself, the whole history of our re-
ligion in a single volume. The greatest proof of its
clearness and comprehensivenesss was found in the
fact, that, although the country had been governed
by it for half a century, it never had been altered,
save in one slight instance, respecting the election of
a President, and one other, in the prohibition to re-
ceive foreign titles.
Another objection had been urged, which had
about the same weight. It had been said that the
clause was hidden away in an obscure corner—it
had not been put in the forefront of the constitution
—it was thrust away to the end of it. Mr. W.
denied that it had been hidden, or that it occupied
an obscure place. The clause was found just where
it ought to be, among the arrangements of the con-
stitution respecting States.
I will proceed to tell gentlemen, with the utmost
frankness, how I understand the power to be gained
in respect to the subject-matter of treaties. It was
not that the treaty-making power had relation to all
the interests of the country which were foreign and
exterior. This distinction had been attempted to
be set up in the position that the legislature had
charge of whatever was domestic, while the treaty
power was charged with all that was foreign. Al-
most the whole legislative power, the whole general
government almost, had respect to our foreign rela-
tions, and not the treaty-making power alone.
The constitution contained several expiess
grants to Congress of power, the exercise of
which expressly respected our foreign and not our
domestic affairs, as these were chiefly left with the
States. What was the power to declare war? Was
it uot a power granted to Congress, and referring to
our foreign relations? We declared no war at home;
when war arose within our own borders it was called
an insurrection, and Congress was empowered to
put it down, but not by declaration of war. What
was the power given to Congress "to regulate foreign
commerce?" Had that an aspect alone to our inter-
nal concerns? Did gentlemen claim that, too, ex-
clusively for the treaty-making power, when the
constitution expressly confided it to Congress?
Was it given entirely to the President and Senate,
though it had reference to our external affairs?
How could any gentleman attempt to maintain a
position that all foreign matters belonged to treaties,
which was contradicted by half the express grants
in the constitution? Congress had power "to bor-
row money;" yet most of our loans were formerly
made abroad; and would the gentleman place the
power to borrow money exclusively in the President
and Senate on that account? A State might make a
"compact with a foreign power" by the assent of
Congress. Would the gentleman take that power
away, also, and give it to the treaty power? Where
was this to lead? He was sorry to see this doctrine
maintained by a gentleman who had taken bis seat
at the feet of Gamaliel. Had Mr. Jefferson held
such a doctrine as this? Mr. Jefferson at first
thought that the constitution contained no power to
make treaties on matters not expressly delegated to
the President and the Senate. Gentlemen will read
this in his correspondence.
That a ceitain thing could be done by treaty in a
foreign government, was another rule laid down for
the extent of the treaty power here. But that was
no rule for us. This was not a primary govern-
ment; it was a government only of delegated powers
from other governments and the people. Would
the gentleman do that by the treaty power which
the constitution had not empowered this government
itself to do, but had reserved to the people or the
States? No, no. The treaty power must be limited
by those powers given to Congress respecting our
foreign affairs. The action of the treaty power
could not be extended to anything which had not
been at all confided to the general government, nor
that had been expressly delegated to another depart-
men in the government, and which it could perform
without the help of a treaty. No matter how com-
mon it had been abroad to sell or buy States by
treaty without their consent, or regulate religion,
&c., it could not be done here. Here we had lim-
ited governments, and written constitutions. The
custom was in Europe and Asia for the Emperor or
the King to do everything by treaty which had re-
lation to foreign powers? Did not the monarchs of
Europe transfer and convey States among them-
selves without asking the consent of the people,
often mere serfs? Did Napoleon, when he ceded
to us Louisiana, ask the assent of the peo-
ple of Louisiana? Did the King of Spain, when
he ceded to us the Floridas, ask the eon-
sent of the inhabitants? Such a thing was not
even thought of. The people, with the territory,
were every day sold and transferred by European
treaties like sheep in the shambles; but could that
be done here? So nothing was more common
in Europe than to make treaties about re-
ligion, establishing one creed and proscribing another.
But can anything of that kind be done here, by
implication or otherwise, because it is a custom in
Europe? This matter of following the usages
of monarchies might lead to great absurdities.
For instance: suppose the chairman of the Com-
mittee on Foreign Relations [Mr. Archer] be-
came the chief executive officer of this government,
and, (being a bachelor,) should make a matrimonial
negotiation with the fair daughter of some foreign
court: would he think of sending a treaty to the
Senate for ratification, by which the State of Maine
or the State of Arkansas was to be settled on the
bride as a dowry? [Great laughter, in which Mr.
Archcr heartily joined.] Yet nothing was more
common than treaties of marriage and dowry be-
tween European nations.
What, then, was the true limitation of the treaty
power? He did not say that it was limited by-only
those express grants in the constitution, to the Pres-
ident and two-thirds of the Senate; but he said this,
that all the powers granted to Congress must be ex-
ercised by Congress, and all the powers granted to
the judiciary must be exercised by the judiciary,
and all powers granted to the executive must be ex-
ercised by the executive, until they reached a point
or case where they could not be exercised without
the aid of some other branch of the government,
and then resort might be had to the treaty power, if"
that could conveniently complete it. The limita-
tion amounted to this, that the treaty power in-
cluded whatever related to our concerns with for-
eign government when that government had no
legislature, and would not or could not act with us
axcept by treaty. When Congress was carrying
out its own gianted powers, and came to a stage
when it could not proceed without the instrumental-
ity of a treaty, then the treaty power applied, if the
act was exterior and customary, but its jurisdiction
extended no further than the grants to Congress. Its
functions was to assist Congress in carrying out, in
such cases, the views of the people.
In confirmation of this, I would inquire who had
the power of making treaties before the adoption of
the present constitution? The Congress of the con-
federation. The power was then in Congress alone,
and expressly. But did Congress act upon all sub-
jects by treaty? Certainly not. They acted as a
legislature till they came to something in our foreign
relations which could not be accomplished without
a treaty. How could Congress, as a legislature,
for example, deal with the King of Siam or the Sul-
tan of Muscat, or the Emperor of Russia, neither of
which sovereigns had any legislature in their gov-
ernment? In these cases the action of the two gov-
ernments could not be accomplished by mutual laws,
because on one side there was no legislature to make
a law. The transaction must then be accomplished
by the medium of a treaty, or not at all. The old
Congress, however, were placed under restraint in
refeience even to some treaties. Some commercial
treaties, for example, could not be made at all, such
as prohibited certain importations. Here is the
clause before me. But how was it here? The
treaty-power, instead of being confided in an unlim-
ited manner to Congress,as was the case in the confed-
eration, was taken away from the new Congress, be-
cause its exercise by that body would be cumbersome
and inconvenient, and had been given to the executive,
checked, however, by requiring the assent of two-
thirds of the Senate. This change had been made
for the sake of convenience and not for safety. The
people surely might as safely have intrusted such a
power with their own representatives, to whom war
and taxation were confided so largely, as have given
it to the executive with two-thirds of the Senate.
When they wanted greater safety in regard to any
power, they went to the House of Representatives.
That had been Patrick Henry's argument against
the constitution, namely, that the assent of the
House of Representatives was not made necessary
to the ratification of a treaty. Without that it was
deemed by him unsafe, and some of the States actu-
ally proposed an amendment in the constitution to
that effect.
Let me tell gentlemen a circumstance connected
with the Hartford convention—which is mentioned
in no spirit of disrespect or taunt, but as matter of
history; that very convention recommended the
assent of two-thirds of both Houses to the
ratification of a treaty. How, then, was it
possible to say that the clause empowering Con-
gress to admit new States was unsafe; and hence,
that it should be so construed as to make it, or the
procurement of territory in all cases, the exclusive
prerogative of the treaty-making power? If Con-
gress could not admit new States without encoun-
tering some obstacle in their way which prevented
the. further action without a treaty, then indeed they
might do it by treaty. But in this case where was
such an obstacle, and why was the interposition of
the treaty power required? If, indeed, Texas should
refuse to accept the terms, proposed m this joint
resolution, and, instead of coming as a State, should
prefer to enter the Union as a territory, and not by
legislation of any kind, then the treaty-making
power would apply, because then the implication in
the constitution would arise, but not till then, that a
treaty being necessary, the President must make it.
The Senate and President had no right to interfere
in the matter if Congress could act, and chose to act,
without them.
Again: The power to regulate foreign commerce,
for example, was given by the constitution to
Congress. Would any gentleman say, m the teeth
of this, that the regulation of foreign commerce be-
longed to the treaty power alone? 1 have tried to
lay down the line which settled the question when it
did and when it did not belong to the treaty power.
When we had commerce with a foreign nation which
possessed no legislature, then our arrangements
with that nation for regulating that commerce was a
proper subject for the treaty power. But if the nation
did possess a legislature, and was willing to arrange
the commerce by legislation, could not we do the
same? The ZollVerein treaty was now no secret;
the report on it had been published to the world,
and might, therefore, without impropriety, be spo-
ken of in this debate. Why, he asked, had not
that treaty been confirmed? Because it related to
matters which could be done by legislation. If the
Zoll Verein had made the arrangement by legisla-
tion, we could do the same, and the treaty would
not be needed. How was it as to the colonial
trade with England also? That was a branch of
foreign commerce; and if Great Britain would not
regulate it by law, then resort must be had to the
treaty power. But she had made a law or ordi-
nance on that subject, and the whole colonial trade
on our part was regulated by law. The gentleman
might as well say that the colonial regulations of
the United States and Great Britain were null and
void as this resolution, because not in the form of a
treaty. Congress were acting as much under an
express grant in passing this resolution as in regu-
lating the colonial trade.
Most of our reciprocal commerce with foreign
pow ers rests on a like legislative basis. Congress
having, on two or three occasions, passed such laws
as to dispense with duties on tonnage, &.c. on con-
dition that other nations adopted similar rules; and
when they did, the fact has been made public by the
President; and thus by legislation alone a compact
or arrangement with a foreign power as to foreign
commerce has been completed by Congiess, without
the intervention of any treaty.—(See the acts of 31st
May, 1830; 24th May, 1828; 13th July, 1832; 7th
February, 1824.)
It would thus he seen that the treaty-making pow-
er applied in a case like this, of express grant to
Congress, only in aid of Congress, and when Con-
gress could not, or would not, complete its action
without a treaty. But, as it may here, that power
does not apply; nor does it apply when a country
is conquered, after a declaration of war by Congress,
and its government and people, without any treaty
of peace, are merged and goveined by an act of
Congress; nor when another country is discovered,
and our laws, by an act of Congress, without any
treaty, are extended over it; nor when a country is
ceded to us by another by a deed of cession, as has
been done again and again; or by a gift, like the
Smithsonian fund.
All remember the cases of cessions to Rome of
their dominions by certain African princes, and by
the King of the Sandwich islands to England, with-
in three years.
