236
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE..
Feb. 1845.
28th Cong 2d Sess.
Annexation of Texas—Mr. Woodbury.
Senate.
Having said enough on this point to make my
views intelligible to the Senate, I hasten to some
other arguments bearing on the constitutional ques-
tion.
It had been said that the precedents set in 1803
and in 1813 were all against this measure, because
Louisiana and Florida had both been acquired by
treaty. g0 they had been; but could not gentlemen
perceive the broad distinction between those cases
and this? In 1803 we were not admitting new
States; we were purchasing territory, and territory
alone. The inhabitants of Louisiana were not then
considered numerous enough and entirely fit for ad-
mission as citizens of the United State.s; they had
not been trained to our habits and our principles,
and required some probation. We admitted the
territory by treaty because there was no foreign
legislature having jurisdiction in the case. We got
Louisiana from France; France then had no effi-
cient legislature. We got Florida from Spain;
Spain had then no such legislature. Both of them
must have been obtained by treaty, or not at all.
But because we could get territory by treaty, did it
therefore follow that we could not admit States by
legislation, and thus get it? If, indeed, we had ad-
mitted Louisiana and Florida as new States, and
done it by the treaty power, then there would have
been a conflict between that power and this clause;
but we did not, and therefore the gentleman's pre-
cedent—getting a territory by treaty—availed nothing
to show that a State could not be admitted by the
legislature.
The application fortransfer to us not coming from
the people in those cases, but the acquisition of the
mere territory being our object, for national secu-
rity, the treaty-making power was properly ex-
ercised; and, although the first of these prece-
dents occurred in 1803, it was not till 1812, nine
years afterwards, that a portion of the territory
acquired was admitted into the Union; and then it
was done by Congress, agreeably to its expressed
power in the constitution. A long interval was al-
lowed for such foreigners as chose to remain on the
territory to become Americanized, to learn the
principles and operations of our institutions,
that they might unite with our own population
settling there, in due time, for applying for ad-
mission into the Union.
The senator from Kentucky [Mr. Morehead]
dwelt much, and laid great stress on Mr. Jefferson's
argument; but did he not perceive that that argument
was as strong and stronger against himself than against
the friends of the resolution? What was Mr. Jef-
ferson's argument? It was against the acquisition of
Louisiana by treaty. All that the honorable senator
from Kentucky [Mr. Mokehjsad] had shown from
Mr. Jefferson went against their own construction.
They held that territory must be acquired by treaty.
Mr. Jefferson held at first that it could not bp. ac-
quired by treaty. But that was not the proposition
now befere Congress. Mr. Jefferson never had that
question before him; he never had been asked to re-
ceive a State by the action of Congress. Mr. W.
had no doubt that Mr. Jefferson altered his views; but
whether he had, or not, did not touch the question.
Mr. Madison—the truly great expounder of the
constitution—had certainly thought that Louisiana,
when formed into a State, could be admitted by
Congress lawfully, fox he signed the bill for her ad-
mission in 1812.
[Mr. Moreiiead here interposed and said that the
honorable senator appeared to have mistaken his
whole aim. Mr. Nicholas had written a letter to
Mr. Jefferson, stating it as his opinion that Con-
gress had power to receive Louisiana under the
clause for the admission of new States. There was
no other subject mentioned in this correspondence.
Mr. Jefferson held that Congress could not, as well
as that the treaty-making power could not, without
an amendment of the constitution; and there was no
proof that he ever had changed his opinion on that
subject.]'
Mr. W. resumed. The subject under considera-
tion at that time by Mr. Jefferson was the admis-
sion of Louisiana by treaty, and not by a law. i
That was the record, and let not gentlemen travel i
out of it. Mr. Jefferson's objections were against |
receiving her by treaty, and he thought that this
clause would not justify it. So, on another point,
his authority was against them. His first view had
been that the treaty-power was confined in its action
to express grants made to the President and Senate ,
in the constitution. Mr. Jeffeison was not, like i
Mr. Nicholas or Mr. Madison, a member of the
convention, and therefore not so well acquainted with
the grounds of argument which had prevailed in it
But, whatever his views may have been eventually
on both points, Mr. W. maintained that this was
not a parallel case to that in 1803. The one was the
admission of territory, the other was the admission
of a State. The one proposed action by the treaty-
power, the other proposed action by the legislature,
and under a distinct clause in the constitution.
Next with regard to the arguments urged on the
other side, that the convention never intended to
give the power of admitting new States formed out
of foreign territory, did not the history given the
other day by the senator from Pennsylvania, prove
that the subject was very elaborately, debated in
convention; and that, although the first draft and
subsequent amendments of the fourth article of the
csnstitution had restrictions in view, all such re-
strictions were finally left out, and the general pow-
er was given to Congress of admitting new
States? Mr. W. would not, therefore, detain the
Senate by adding any thing on that subject, except
two facts which were certain and undeniable; it had
been proposed in convention to limit the clause to
States formed out of territory then within the United
States, and that limitation had been stricken out.
These were fixed facts, and could not be got rid of.
They were neither guessing nor special pleading.
Again: it was maintained that this was not the ex-
ercise of a legislative power, and therefore it could
not be done by Congress in this resolution; but on
that point he would ask, did the legislature get its
power in the constitution because a power was legis-
lative; and did the executive get a power in the
constitution because the power was executive; and
did the judiciary get a power in the constitution,
because the power was judicial? Or did each of these
several departments derive their power from express
grants to them severally made,however their charac-
ter might be regarded in the abstract? For illustration:
the trial of impeachments was expressly confided to
the Senate by the constitution. Was that a legisla-
tive act? Was it not a judicial act? Yet it did not
belong to the judiciary: it belonged to the Senate.
And why? Because the constitution gave it to the
Senate. The power to confirm nominations was
given by the constitution to two-thirdsof the Senate.
Was that a legislative act? The suggestion of amend-
ments to the constitution was given to Congress.
Was that a legislative act? All these were powers not
legislative in their nature, but confided to the legisla-
ture for convenience sake. So with this power to ad-
mit new States. It was convenient that Congress
should exercise such a power. It was not necessa-
ry to have a convention whenever a new State was
admitted; that would have been highly inconvenient.
The nature of the case did not call for it any more
than when a new member of a political corporation,
such as a town or county, was admitted. But when
an alteration was to be made in the rights, guaran-
ties, and powers of the nation, something more than
the action of Congress was required, and a conven-
tion could be called.
But there was more still in this argument. The
power which brought two States together, being an
organic power rather than legislative, it was more
suited in its nature to the whole Congress than to
the treaty-making power. Congress was a favorite
body, was the superior body, and was most likely
to be trusted with an organic or fundamental ques-
tion. All that was said in Vattel was aside from
the matter, because it related to European govern-
ments, where there was formerly no legislature, and
no written constitution. But in England, where there
was both, when the union was to be formed with
Scotland and Ireland, it was not formed by treaty,
but by a legislative act or compact, called the "act
of Union."
The party with whom it is my happiness now to
act, entertained, in common with myself, like ideas
near twenty years ago in the case of the Panama
mission, white our opponents then went far beyond
even the present case. They sought then to form,
by treaty, a new confederacy of American repub-
hes—not within, but without our constitution; and
to consist of their governments entire as well as
their territory, with certain powers and authority
in that confederacy utterly unknown to our great
political charter.
But we then, as now, contended that this union
extended to States only admitted into it under the
authority of Congress, and subject to its laws,
and represented in these halls; and while Congress
had the organic power to admit States into the
Union on such terms neither it nor the treaty-
making power was authorized to form a new and
different kind of confederacy with any government
whatever.
Another illustration, to show that this power to
admit States, even within our original limits and
from parts of the old thirteen States—both be-
ing under the same clause—is organic rather thi n
legislative, exists in the fact that such an admission
is usually, in form,but declaratory,and on certain/im-
damental conditions; and is not repealable, like mast
laws not relating to contracts.
This may be seen in the resolutions to admit
Missouri, Maine, Kentucky, &c. But if this reso-
lution to admit Texas is objectionable, and may be
repealed hereafter, as many contend, so is it in
the other cases, and may be there repealed—a con-
clusion at war with all vested rights and the sacred
obligations of contracts.
But, though the language of the constitution was
plain in favor of this resolution—though the pre-
cedents were not adverse to it—though the circum-
stances which attended the insertion of that lan-
guage into the constitution confirmed the construc-
tion we were now giving—and though the organic
character of the measure rendered it suitable for the
action of Congress rather than the treaty-making
power, it was contended not to be within the spirit
of the clause, because it exposed the country to
the most hideous dangers.
The honorable senator from Kentucky [Mr.
Morehead] had dwelt with great feeling on the
impending horrors of admitting a people of a differ-
ent tongue, of a different religion, of a different
form of government, of different habits and train-
ing. Now, if there was anything in this argument
it applied as well to admission by treaty as admis
sion by Congress. The tongue, the religion, the
government of the people, would be the same either
way. Was the President and two-thirds of the
Senate a much safer authority than the President
and a majority of the Senate and the House of Rep-
resentatives? Two-thirds of the Senate, then, ex-
ceeded a majority of the Senate by only four votes.
Were these four votes a greater security than a ma-
jority of the whole House of Representatives? Let
gentlemen strip their imaginations of these gorgons,
hydras, and chimeras dire.
Let it be noticed further against the argument
that such a power of acquiring territory, or admit-
ting States is not so safe m Congress as in the
hands of the treaty-making power, that Congress is
expressly authorized to dis]iose of territory. Why
was not that given to the President and Senate, if
safer? But who can talk seriously of a want < f
safety in this measure? Does any man in his sober
senses believe that we, Christians and republicans,
are likely to admit a State of pagans and monarch-
ists, which continued to retain a government and
political and religious views totally contrary to ours?
No. Its government must be republican. Could
we in this mode force a foreign State into our em-
brace from ambition and aggrandisement? Did the
resolution contemplate such a thing? No. We only
propose to open the door for others to come in or
not, at their pleasure. And he asked gentlemen
whether it was likely that a people who differed to-
tally from us in language, in religion, in political
habits and opinions, and who lived in Europe on the
other side of the globe, would ask to become a part
of our Union? Or, if they did, was it likely that a
majority of Congress would permit so unnatural a
union? Was not a majority m both Houses a suffi-
cient guaranty to the contrary? And if it was not,
would the treaty-power be a greater, or alter the
case much for the better?
But what had been our past history? We had
admitted new States into the Union, but had we
admitted hordes of savages, and cannibals, or States
ruled by tyrants? We had never yet admitted a
single government, as a government, because none
such had ever applied. We acquired Louisiana,
but we did not thereby admit the French govern-
ment; nor did we admit the State until long after the
annexation of the territory. The States we had ad-
mitted were, when admitted as States, chiefly inhab-
ited by men of our own blood, and men trained to
the principles of our own constitution. Could there
be so great a danger as was pretended in this case,
in admitting a hundred thousand people residing on
our own immediate border—our own brethren our
own children—our fellow-soldiers, who had fought
I with us side by side; our fellow-patriots, who, like
ourselves, had contended for their liberties and inde-
pendence, and, like ourselves, had established Jjrf®
constitution? By receiving such a people we should
not alter a single .guaranty of the constitution,-but
