Feb. 1845.
AfPfeffDIX 'TO 'THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
2 37
28th Cong 2d Sess.
Annexation of Texas—Mr. Woodbury.
Senate.
on the contrary, we should increase the number of
its securities, as in local resistance we should have
twenty-six States , against one, instead of twelve
against one, as formerly. In the case of a corpora-
tion, could not new corporators be admitted without
altering the charter? How would it hurt the people
of Massachusetts, or of New Hampshire, to admit
to a share in their privi leges a people trained like them-
selves?—a people more than leavened by American-
ism—a people possessing unity of birth and religion
—unity of education—unity of social habits—unity of
principles, throughout, with ourselves and our im-
mortal fathers. They were numerous enough,
likewise, to be a State at once, and none disputed
that their territory was large enough to be a
State; and their training to republican forms and
*elf-government long enough and strong enough.
A nother reason which has been urged against this
measure being within the spirit of the constitution,
was, that the balance of power between the North
and South would thus become deranged, and made
unfavorable to the North.
The effect of this resolution would be to extend
our Union five degrees further south, or eight in
some places; whereas, by the acquisition of Louisi-
ana, we had stretched it north eighteen degrees at
one stride beyond the compromise slave line, and
were now running in width also at the South only
to the Del Norte, but at the North already across
the whole continent to the Pacific. Mr. W. thought
the danger, if there was any, lay in the opposite di-
rection. He was here to do justice as well to the
South as to the North, and he did not believe m the
danger of adding so little at the South, when such
vast additions as Oregon were contemplated in the
North and Northwest; and when the new States
in these last quarters filled up much the fastest.
Talk of danger to the North! It is hope—it is
greatness to the North.
Again, it had been said that the framers of the
constitution never contemplated such a measure as
this, nor ever expected that the Union was to be en-
larged; yet, in the Madison Papers they might find,
even at that early day, a proposition by a member
from Massachusetts to limit the number of States
that should be formed west of the mountains. But
the limitation had been opposed by Roger Sherman,
who, with his plain, good sense, avowed the desire
to augment our population and spread our doctrines.
There would be no danger if both people and terri-
tory should be doubled or tripled, provided they
retained the same political principles and the same t
personal habits, and were filled up, as they always
will be, chiefly by our children and grand children,
seeking a livelihood and liberty wherever the indom-
itable enterprise of their Saxon blood may tempt
them. As it was the chief argument on the other
side against this measure not being within the spirit
of the constitution, because it was assumed that
no additions to our territory were contemplated or
thought of, he would detain the Senate a moment
longer concerning it. "VVhy, sir, what is the design of
a constitution in this view of the subject? To make
a provision only for each particular case then talked
oP So far from that, it is to make broad general rules
for all subsequent cases coming within their letter
and spirit, whether then thought of or not. Other-
wise senators on the other side might object to the
use of steamboats or railroads to carry the mail, be-
cause they were not m A. D. 1T98 thought of or con-
templated. So as to the magnetic telegraph: for pub-
lic communications, in war or peace, never dreamed
of in the contention. But were the safe course of
construction different, is there not ample evi lence,
beside what has already been mentioned, to show
that an enlargement of our Union beyond its origi-
nal limits was often and seriously looked to.
Mr. Madison, in the Federalist, looked to no lim-
itation to the extent of the Union, except such dis-
tances as to prevent convenient meetings at the cen-
tre; and he uses another expression pregnant with
the idea of going beyond our own bosoms: "Add to
them such other States as may arise in their own
bosoms or in their neighborhoods&c.
So Hamilton, though surrounded by politicians of
a more narrow grasp of mind, writing in June, 1797,
to Mr. McHenry, after speaking of ships and
troops, says:
"Besides eventual security against invasion, we ought to
look certainly to the possession of the Floridas and Louisi-
ana, and we ought to squint at South America."
Even the old confederation had contemplated the
admission of Canada and other colonies, British,
Spanish, or French. Could all this have been in
contemplation so early as 1776; and was it not so
much as to be heard of now, or in 1789? Would
gentlemen say that no enlargement of the Union
was contemplated by those hardy western settlers
who were ready to fight for the possession of
the mouth of the Mississippi? We had ex-
tensive northern regions yet unsettled, and every
emigrant thither from our own firesides or abroad
had a right to all these meditated expansions, when-
ever such additions of territory or States became
useful to protect either their families from border
butchery, or their property from pillage on its way
to the ocean or to foreign markets. It was settled
as early as in the old Congress, as well as in the
convention, that the mighty West and Southwest
should be protected; and as incident to that great
decision, and to other constitutional duties devolved
on us for preserving the domestic tranquillity and
property of all, we were bound with the iron
bands of both duty and policy to give that protec-
tion, whether by buying Louisiana, or Florida, or
admitting Texas to unite her destinies with ours.
We stood, then, fully justified m carrying out the
present measure, not as one merely within the words
of the constitution, but its legitimate object—one
sanctioned by the spirit no less than the letter of the
sacred charter formed by the great patriots and
statesmen who made the decision before men-
tioned, and introduced the provision for admitting
new States. Such a course and such an expansion
of our limits accord well with the genius o our
people and the genius of our government. All
these considerations, with many more I have not
time to enumerate, show the present measure to
be within the spirit both of the clause we are con-
sidering and of all our institutions; the provision in
the confederation shows it; the changes in phraseolo-
gy in the convention show it; the remarks of Madi-
son and Hamilton show it; the duty of progress and
protection to our people shows it; and the statesman
who, after all this, and the evidences of our growing
destinies on the western continent, can be content
to overlook all, and make a Chinese wall against
our enlargement in the West and Southwest,
must, in my apprehension, limp far behind the
age. You may as well, sir, attempt to dam
up the flow of the waters of the Mississippi
to the ocean, as stop this advancement of
our people. Disunion was another horror con-
jured up against this measure! But if it was right
and just, no menaccs nor fears should deter us from
duty. Fiat justitia, ruit caelum. But these were
unreal fears—empty menaces. On this it had been
argued, that if we first acquired the territory of
Texas by treaty, there would be no difficulty|in the
case; but that if we so much as attempted jt by legis-
lation, there was danger of disunion. And yet the
very gentleman who urged this argument had him-
self, at the last session, voted against annexing
Texas by treaty, and preferred it to be done by
Congress. Now they offered him a proposition to
annex it by legislation, and he was just as much op-
posed to that. Texas must not come m by treaty,
and she must not come in by act of Congress; and
yet such persons said they were friends of
the admission of Texas; that they were ac-
tuated by feelings of fraternity towards her,
and wished to see her in the Union. Mr.
W. would put this question: If these gentlemen
were friends to Texas, who were her foes?—whose
sympathies for a gallant people were mesmerized?—
in a kind of magnetic sleep? In other aspects of
the measure, disunion, disunion, had been rung
long and loud. Yes, and it had been sounded just
as roudly in 1812, when the State of Louisiana was
admitted; and in 1803, when the territory of Louisi-
ana was acquired. The same threats had been made
then. It had been admitted by both sides, at that
time, that if Louisiana ever came in as a State, it
must be by act of Congress. She did come in by
an act signed by Mr. Madison's own hand. The
Northern States did not acquiesce, but used very
angry language then, as now; but at both times
alike, without any echo from the great public voice
of the country at large. It was a sort of mono-
mania, in trouble, for all of us to talk loudly of dis-
union and ruin. The worst threat of disunion ever
heard in the halls of Congress was uttered by a
member from New England in 1812, on the admis-
sion of Louisiana, and it was then even said that
all the States which had been admitted from terri-
tory not within the Union at the adoption of the
constitution were not lawfully members of the con-
federacy. Yes, sir, instead of general assent and
acclamation then, as the senator from Virginia [Mr.
EivesJ supposes, the same threats we now hear
muttered in certain parts ^f our country had then
been heard, over and over again. It was held just
as illegal and unconstitutional as the admission of
Texas was now. The proceedings of the Hartford
convention related in part to this very subject.
Their report now before me questioned the con-
stitutionality as well as the propriety of the admis-
sion of Louisiana.—(See 7 Niles's Register.) One
of their resolutions proposed also to change the
clause for the admission of new States; and Justice
Story very frankly says in substance that the views
of that convention as to the admission of Louisiana
were untenable and unsound.—(3 Story on Con.)
Yetafterallthis,it was now,as then, insisted by some
that an act of the people only could legitimate the
admission of Arkansas and Missouri, because they
had not been first admitted by the treaty power,
and Massachusetts denounced both as not lawfully
coming into the Union, although purchased first by
treaty. She 'was difficult to suit. In 1812,
what came in first by treaty was unlawful.
Now, what is admitted first without treaty is, with
her, equally if not more unlawful. This is main-
tained by her, too, though several of the strongest
opponents of the Louisiana purchase in 1803 ad-
mitted that if foreign territory was to be introduced
at all as a State, it must be by Congress, and not by
treaty. Gentlemen will, in reading the debates of
that day, find them full of these admissions.
In order that the Senate may see 1 do not misap-
prehend the extent and grounds of objection now
urged by Massachusetts to the admission oi Texas
by this resolution, I will read some proceedings
which have just passed one branch of her legisla-
ture by a large majority.
RESOLVES CONCERNING THE ADMISSION OF
TEXAS.
1. Resolved, That Massachusetts has never delegated the
power to admit into the Union States or Territories without
or beyond the original territory of the States and Terri-
tories belonging to this Union at the adoption of the con-
stitution of the United States; and that, in whatever man-
ner the consent of Massachusetts may have been given or
inferred to the admission of the States already, by general
consent, forming a part of the Union, from such territory,
the admission of such States, in the judgment of Massa-
chusetts, forms no precedent for the admission of Texa<J,
and can never be interpreted to rest on powers granted in
the constitution.
2 Resolved, That there has hitherto been no precedent of
an admission of a foreign State or foreign territory into the
Union by legislation. And as the powers of legislation
granted in the constitution of the United States to Congress,
do not embrace a case of the admission of a foreign State
or foreign territory, by legislation, into the Union, such an
act of admission would have no binding force whatever on
the people of Massachusetts.
3 Resolved, That the power never lia\ing been granted
by the people of Massachusetts, to admit into the Union,
States and Territories not within the same when the con-
stitution was adopted, remains with the people; and can
only he exercised in such way and manner as the people
shall hereafter designate and appoint.
4. Resolved, That the people of Massachusetts will never
consent to use the powers reserved to themselves, to ad-
mit Texas, or any other State or Territory, now without the
Union, on any other basis than the perfect equality of free-
men, and that while slavery or slave representation forms
any part of the claims or conditions of admission, Texas,
with their consent, can never be admitted.
These resolves were adopted in the House of
Representatives on Tuesday last—yeas 188, nays
41.
The recent anti-Texas convention there, whose
members and speakers embraced the Garrisons as
well as the Philipses and Grinnells and Adamses,
leaders of the opposition, came to like conclusions.
In their report now before me, in the Liberator, one
of the propositions is this:
"1 There, is no constitutional power in anj branch of the
government, or all the branches of the government, to an-
nex a foreign State to this Union "
But enough of this.
There was another argument pressed in favor of
action by a treaty rather than by Congress, which
was somewhat extraordinary, coming from a large
State, and one formerly very sensitive and jealous of
executive power. The last senator who had spoken
from Virginia, [Mr. Rives,] had insisted that the
security of the South would be incomparably greater
if Texas should be admitted with the treaty power,
than if she should come in by a simple act of Con-
gress, because there was such a great conservative
influence in the Senate. The Senate represented
States alone, and was thus secure to small States.
Does she not act on this resolution, and thus give
the same security? Is there not a greater barrier to
wrong in a majority of the representatives of the
people than in the difference between a majority of
the Senate and two-thirds of the Senate?
Were small or large bodies most exposed to cor-
