240
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE;
Feb. 1
28th Cong 2d Sess.
Appropriation Bill—Mr. C. J. Ingersoll.
H. of Heps.
creased of wines, spirits, hemp, cordage, and per-
haps specie.
Lmean to keep these crude—still, I hope, accurate
and important—elementary views of commerce clear
of the vexed questions of American manufactures,
and even of the coasting trade. My object is to lay
the mere rudiments of foreign commerce before prac-
tical men for their consideration. One thing I think
certain: that vicious currency is the great cause why
all the world is not tributary to this country in com-
merce; why the balanc'es of trade are not in our fa-
vor generally; why all parts of the United States
are not conslantly supplied with gold and silver;
why our commerce, manufactures, and agriculture,
are not more progressive, flourishing, and command-
ing than they are. Our staples, enterprise, and
other faculties, would accomplish and maintain this,
if fiction were not substituted for'fact in the meas-
urement of value between foreign countries and ours.
A single staple has saved our commerce—main-
tains our navigation, especially that of the northern
and eastern States—sustains Our exchanges—pre-
serves the American Union—and, if duly developed,
will establish American maritime supremacy beyond
all control or contest: cotton, the great fulcrum of
commerce, navigation, and manufactures.
The product of slave labor, the South, which
alone can produce it—mostly from the new region
acquired with Louisiana—bears all the universal
odium and assaults, English, French, and North
American, of furnishing this immense reliance of
commerce, regulator of national intercourse, and
bond of international peace. Without any help
from legislation or negotiation, cotton has surpassed
iron—hitherto always the primary staple and metal,
and the greatest material of civilization. Woollen
is far behind it in usefulness and importance, though
the applications and uses of cotton are yet not fully
discovered; for, extremely cheap as it is, it will
probably supplant wool in many of its present em-
ployments. Tobacco has for many years had its
envoy extraordinary and minister plenipotentiary
from the United States of America—the Austrian
mission, which originated in a convention of the
tobacco-growing States, and has been kept up for
that purpose. But cotton has had no political aid.
Yet it is now two-thirds, if not three-fourths, of our
exports, without which they would hardly exceed
twenty millions. The export of grain is inconsid-
erable; that of tobacco repressed by excessive du-
ties; timber, flesh, rice, all of them far behind cot-
ton.
The export of cotton may be, I conceive, largely
increased by good government. Prance, Germany,
Belgium, Switzerland, Italy, Russia, China, the
nineteen states of the German trades' union known
as the Zoll Verein—all these may easily be induced
to take much larger quantities than now of American
cotton.
But till very lately government has done nothing,
attempted nothing for it. Absorbed in bank and
tariff controversies, administration after administra-
tion has passed away without, as far as I know or
believe, a single effort to add to the export of this
inestimable succedaneum. The late Chinese treaty
opens to us the three hundred millions of that won-
derful empire as customers. The Chinese treaty is
a diplomatic, a commercial—for diplomacy is but
the handmaid of commerce and peace—a commer-
cial achivement signalizing what we may do, if we
will but try to do it. Those prodigious regions,
with their teeming, pullulating peoples, thrown
wide open to the commercial and industrial enter-
prise of this country. Much nearer than England,
more enterprising, more intelligent, more gain-seek-
ing. Lead, which our last tariff covers by a pro-
hioitory duty, is already exported from the United
States in large quantities to China; cotton goods too.
Other articles will follow. We may, perhaps, send
cotton even to India, if our government will do
what it should. The Zoll Verein treaty—the treaty
of Berlin, if not rpjected, at least procrastinated by
the Senate—presents another and most encouraging
opportunity for American commerce, particularly
by means of cotton." Waiving, for the present, the
question of the right of the treaty-making power to
regulate a tariff of duties—that question put out of
view—the advantages of our increased and intimate
commercial connection with all parts of the great
German Empire, are such that it is amazing how
statesmen, or any one considering the subject, can
for an instant hesitate to seize upon them; to get
and to keep, to embrace and extend them. The
exports of the United States to the Zoll Verein
States are twelve millions of dollars a year;
while our imports from those States, direct and
indirect—I mean through France and Belgium as
well as Germany, from Havre and Antwerp,
as well as the German ports proper—are but
four millions. They take of us twelve mil-
lions in exchange for four millions we get of them 
an excess of eight millions in our favor every year,
three times more consumption by the Zoll Verein
States of our products, than by the American States
of theirs. With how many other countries is our
advantage such? And this is but the beginning of
what, it may be, and must be, if government does its
duty. The admission of raw cotton duty free, as
the treaty stipulates, is a boon for the commerce and
navigation; and, if this boon be but developed as it
may be, also for the manufactures of the United
States. But it is a great omission of this Berlin
treaty that it contains no provision for the reception
favorably of American cotton yam. Why not?
Why should we send the raw cotton to England, to
be there wrought into yarn, and thence sold to Ger-
many? Why shall not we work our own cotton into
yarn, and sell it to the Germans' It will be cheaper
to them, without the cost of intermediate transporta-
tion from here to England, and thence to Germany.
Germany'desires to be independent of Great Brit-
ain—desires more intercourse with this country.
Two hundred thousand bales of American cotton
are every year wrought into yarn in England, and
thence shipped to Germany, at a gain of at least
twenty millions to England. Why cannot we gain
those millions? The export of cotton yarn from
England to Germany has increased, from 1832 to
1841—from one million two hundred thousand pounds
sterling in value, to two million and a half—nearly
one hundred per cent. Is not all this thirteen mil-
lions of dollars, like the other twenty millions, just
so much English gain, which ought to be Ameri-
san? which, with very little amicable and perfectly
feasible international arrangement, may be rendered
ours. An overpowering system of British monopoly
andsupremacy, founded on nothing but delusion, and
thus baseless rearing itself aloft, is the only obsta-
cle in our way. No war, no hostility, is neces-
sary to overcome it. We have but to preseive in-
telligibly our natural rights, our national rights,
our true and the only American system. We have
but to be independent to acquire most of that lucra-
tive German commerce which England has monop-
olized with our staples—with American cotton.
Germany and the United States are equally inter-
ested, equally able, by fair, open, and natural
means, to break the sceptre of English monopoly.
We can, we should, emancipate two great nations
who are natural as well as commercial allies, from
the preposterous exclusiveness of British trade and
manufactures. Germany and this country are these
two great nations. Nearly all America, South and
North, are deeply interested in this peaceable, prac-
tical, admirable revolution. Brazil and Cuba,
with their great indigenous contributions to the
comforts of man and the commerce of nations, are
almost excluded from Great Biitaiu tuid from
France by prohibitory tariffs. Brazil and Cuba
find in Germany their best markets; and if the Uni-
ted States be joined .with them in the good will of
such excellent customers, raw cotton, cotton yarns,
even coarse cotton cloths, may be shipped by this
country to Germany to an amount incalculable:
all by reciprocated intercourse; none of it by force,
fraud, wrong, or violence of any kind. Eventually
iron in its first state may be sent from the Uni-
ted States to Germany. England now supplies
Germany with notless than fifteen millions of dollars
worth of iron yearly. By what natural or na-
tional right? None—none at all. The raw
material is ours in quantities inexhaustible, of
qualities much superior to the English. The capi-
tal and the art of its rapid and perfect fabrication
are not yet ours. In these England is in advance of
us. But the time cannot be far off when American
ingenuity, working with American products, with
cotton and iron, the greatest of all the world's natural
productions, and the greatest of all American pro-
ductions; the time cannot be distant when this coun-
try will fairly, openly, peaceably, naturally, sup
plant the English monopoly of these prodigious ele-
ments of national prosperity and greatness.
Such an arrangement as the Zoll Verien treaty
(the treaty of Berlin) is the beginning of this con-
summation The time should be soon when the
Austrian empire, which is now no member of the
German trades' union, may be made to see their
obvious interest jn cultivating American commerce
more than English. For this purpose the Austrian
mission becomes highly important: much more as a
cotton than it ever was as a tobacco agency. To
the twenty-eight millions of German people in the
Zoll Verien we may add the thirty millions in the
Austrian empire. There is indeed no end to the
markets, immediate for cotton and its fabrics, ulti-
mate for iron and other American products, of whieh
the supply is inexhaustible, and fair trade would
bring forth.
I pass over flesh, rice, lumber, and other teeming
articles of American mother earth: each and all of
which, however, may be exported in much larger
than the present, quantities, if our government at
home, and our foreign ministers, do their duty.
The Chinese and German treaties are earnest of what
may be done, if we go to work in earnest. If the
same ardent and strenuous exertions are bestowed on
commerce which the last sixteen years have extorted
from American efforts for banks and tariffs, the ex-
ports of this country may be doubled, and the bal-
ance of trade be turned everywhere in our favor. In-
deed, we have much more surplus to sell than for-
eign nations can pay for. After paying as much as
they can in commodities exchanged for commodi-
ties, our drafts of their money—I mean gold and sil-
ver—would be continual. This ought to be, and
soon may become, the most hard-money country in
the world, if it will but develop its capacities for for-
eign commerce.
I have spoken of the cotton exports to Germany.
France, also, can take and pay us for a much larger
quantity of cotton than at present. There may be
difficulty in removing or reducing French duties on
cotton; but the capacities of the French people for
the manufacture of cotton are fully equal to those of
the English, their climate superior, and living much
cheaper. Great advantages to our commerce await
a more extensive intercourse between France and
the United States. At present the French use a
good deal of inferior Egyptian and Brazilian cotton;
and their impost on American cotton is an item of
the budget too important to be readily relinquished.
But there is reason to believe that no insuperable
obstacle will be found in satisfying the French gov-
ernment that it is as much their interest as ours to
extend the industry of France by a large purchase
of the raw materials of this country, particularly
cotton and coal. For this reason I opposed the in-
crease of the duties on French wines and silks,
when enacted by an act ofCongress, treading so close
upon the heels of our treaty with France as to
be almost a perfidious infringement of that
treaty. For the same reason I attempted this
session to gain the attention of this House by
an inquiry into the expediency of reducing the
duties on silks and wines, so as to conform with
policy and with treaties. But certain honorable gen-
tlemen, not far from me, laughed down as foolish
that resolution, as other equally honorable gentle-
men have, to-day, interrupted and disconcerted the
outset of my argument by insisting that my state-
ments of facts are erroneous. Carefully collected as
they were, having shown that they are correct, I
have no doubt that the increase of our duties on the
wines and silks of France was a most injudicious
and unfortunate interference with the growing com-
merce between that country and this, which, duly
cultivated and developed, may be rendered much
more profitable than it ever has been. Most of it
always has been and must be transported by Amer-
ican navigators, very advantageously to us; and if
we can induce the French to take a much larger
quantity than they now do of the cotton, the rice,
the flesh, and the timber of the United States, be-
sides other things which I need not enumerate, in
exchange for their wines, brandies, silks, olive oils,
madders, jewelries, porcelain, looking-glass, and
whatever else besides specie they may pay us with,
surely it will be for the manifest benefit of both
countries. We do not want the increased duties on
wines and silk for the support of our government.
Without them, the tariff act of 1842, even modified in
some respects, will produce more revenue than we
require; and if the French government bad not been
disinclined to that worst of all wars, a war of pro-
hibitory duties, our sudden and impolitic increase of
the duties on wines and silk, might have provoked
their retaliation on cotton or something else extreme-
ly detrimental to us. I hold it to be obviously the
policy of this country to cultivate the good will of
that by liberal commercial intercourse. It has so
happened that ever since the first treaty the United
States ever made, that of Verseilles, negotiated by
Franklin in 1778, owing to British influence and
other untoward causes, there never have been ten
