Pek 1845.
APPENDIX to IffiUS CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
241
28th Cong 2d Sess.
Appropriation Bill—Mr. C. J. Ingersoll.
H. of Reps.
years together of that free and just trade between
Prance and this country which that treaty, the first
of all our reciprocity treaties, so nobly vouchsafes.
I must be excused for here mentioning, very
summarily, another American staple, the exporta-
tion of which to France, I believe, might easily be
accomplished with great advantages to both coun-
tries—-I mean anthracite coal. That mineral, inex-
haustibly produced in several parts of the United
States, more" especially Pennsylvania, is now ship-
ped at -Richmond,- in the district I represent, at
$3 12; per ton, and can no doubt be shipped at
§3 00 per ton. It may be taken from Philadelphia,
New York, or Baltimore, to France for $2 00 per
ton, by coljiers, stout bulky vessels built on pur-
pose, like those used for the British collieries. Thus
American fuel might be put down in France at
$5 a ton, say gG at any rate; a bettor fuel, at one-
third of the price, than almost the only fuel used in
the northern parts of France, where nearly the only
fuel is very inferior wood, something like our fag-
gots, costing about $16 a cord. Nearly all the fac-
tories, mills, and other such works in France, go
by water power. Steam power is, I believe, almost,
if not quite, unknown. Inferior cotton is trans-
ported from the shores of the Mediterranean to the
northern French factories on the backs of mules.
The great public edifices of France, churches, pal-
aces, court-houses, hotels, and other places of gene-
ral resoit, barracks, prisons, even the private dwell-
ings, are strangers to the comforts which, in this
country, we enjoy from well-warmed apartments.
Even the French locomotives use coke to prevent
sparks. Let us suppose, then, the prisons, the
barracks, the factories, the churches, the great
hotels, and all the other large establishments of
Northern France, warmed by the use of an ex-
tremely cheap fuel, which can be carried from this
country to that, even as ballast to our shipping, and
that by means of it, steam power is substituted for
water power and horse power in the industrial op-
erations of that great kingdom. What contribution
to the wealth, to the industry, to the comfort, to the
general amelioration of the French people would be
found in the supply of this single article! If I am
told that it already exists in France, I answer that if
it does, it is not in places to which either canals or
railroads reach, and is, therefore, further off than
our coal, as regards the expense of its transportation
to market. If told that Wales can supply anthracite
coal t.o France, I reply that that remains to be
proved, though it has been asserted, and at all
events national non-intercourse between France and
England is so inveterate, the emulation of those
two great rival nations is so intense, that the United
States, of whom the French have no jealousy or
apprehension, are nearer to them over the Atlantic
than England across the British channel. If twelve
years ago, when 1 broached this notion respecting
coal in the legislature of Pennsylvania, it had not
been neglected, we might now be constantly sup-
plying the French with large quantities of that fuel,
and with three times as much cotton as they now
take from us; for without plenty of cheap fuel, it is
impossible for them to extend their manufacturing
establishments. In a word, there might be no
limit to the French demand for American cotton and
coal, but their capacity to pay for it.
Timber, especially ship timber, lead, now ex-
ported to England and France, and in large quan-
tities to China, cotton cloth to China, South Amer-
ica, and many parts of Europe; beef, pork, cheese,
and fruits, rice in much larger quantities than at
present; together with many other American prod-
ucts which this enumeration of some is only in-
tended to intimate the suggestion of to others more
familiar with rhe subject, may all be added to the
list of American exports. I shall not dwell on to-
bacco, an important export, but requiring too much
notice for the brief survey I submit of American
ntaples.
And to these 1 shall join in the last place another
principal staple, of which I believe we are at this
time considerable importers, when we certainly may
become the exporters of it—wool. Wool must be
most easily produced where land is cheapest and la-
bor clearest, which is the case in this country. Our
cheap lands will nourish any number of sheep,
and they would require but little labor to tend them.
This is the country to superadd wool to coal and
coal to cotton, as supplies to be exported to other
countries. England once supplied with wool from
Spain and Germany, now I believe raises large
quantities of it in her Australasian colony, parcels
of which I have seen in a cloth factory in the neigh-
[16]
borhood of Philadelphia. And this great change in
the supply of wool Great Britain has accomplished
in much less time than it has taken this country to
produce two millions of bales of cotton a year.
Though wool growing is an agricultural, not com-
mercial occupation, yet" the same view which looks
to cotton and coal as American exports, and the
same course of reasoning, apply to wool.
It is not my intention, as I have said before, to
present any merely manufacturing or agricultural
arguments, or allude at all to manufactures or agri-
culture, cxcept as they minister to foreign com-
merce. In like manner I exclude all notice of the
internal and coasting trade of the United States, im-
mense as they both are, upon the rivers, lakes, and
seashores of this extensive confederacy. It is to
foreign commerce alone that I invite attention, un-
der strong, and certainly not hasty, but loiig-cher-
ished impressions that the maritime progress and
power of this country have been neglected, and may
be easily rendered capable of much greater than
their present development. The advantages of the
United States are, that they produce all the great
staples from more diversified soils, enjoy greater
freedom ever since the treaty of Versailles first pro-
claimed the advantages of unshackled commerce,
and are actuated by a spirit of individual enterprise
that has always—ever since the colonial state of this
country—surpassed that of all others in adventures
by sea. The design and the destiny of this great
republican empire, in the fine thought of Thomp-
son's Liberty, are—
"Instead of treasure robbed by ruffian war,
Round social eartft to circle fair exchange,
And bind the nations in a golden chain.'"
It is for commerce that all the nations of the world
are now contending, not in arms, but by other means
of contention, which, if carried to the extreme of
prohibitory duties, become wars, scarcely less inju-
rious in their effects than those waged by battles
and bloodshed. The Oregon question—by too
many deemed a mere matter of land or territorial
acquisition—is, in its larger and better estimate, a
commercial question. To express the ideas I have
always entertained on the subject in language more
forcible and eloquent than mine, I read from a news-
paper which has been sent to me the sentiments of a
gentleman whose high appreciation of the import-
ance -of our hold on Oregon is by no means beyond
its merits.
'•The Oregon question is one of great national moment,
and should engage the early, earnest attention of Congress.
The public mind has not fully appreciated its transcendent
importance. It embraces consequences to the republic
equal if not superior to any question of acquisition or an-
nexation which has arisen, whether it be contrasted with
the purchase of the Louisiana Territory, the treaty acquir-
ing Florida, the present movement in reference to Texas, or
the steadily pursued policy of extinguishing the Indian ti-
tle. We have but to take a glance at the map to assure our-
selves of the truth of these opinions. 1 he American conti-
nent, washed in its entire length by the two great 'highways
of nations,' presents extraordinary advantages to its popula-
tion lor commercial intercourse. Its position is one oi na-
ture's monopolies. From its Atlantic ports it can grasp the
commerce of Europe—from those on the Pacific it may
seize the trade of the East Indies and China. Seat the Uni-
ted States firmly in Oregon, and the commercial enterprise
and wealth of the world will centralize within our limits
The trade of the Indian ocean has enriched every nation in
succession that has enjoyed it. Tyre, Phenicia, Venice, the
Italian States, Portugal, and Spain, found it a mine of
wealth. Great Britain, at the present moment, owes much
01 her supremacy in commerce, manufactures, and wealth, to
the fact that she participates more largely than anj other
power in its possession The tropical circle, in no portion
of its belt amund the globe, presents such extensive, varied
and valuable productions as are found in Southern Asia, and
in the islands of the Indian ocean. Cotton, indigo, teas, cof-
fee, sugar, spices, are here in their native climate, and con-
stitute the staples of its teeming soil. Thefcexuberant prod-
ucts of this region of the earth cause those distant waters
to be whitened with the sails of commerce from civilised
Europe and America, so intimately connected are they v ith
the manufactures, luxuries, oi comforts of their people. It
is the fear that her "hips may be driven from this mart, and
her pre-eminence endangered, that causes Great Britain to
look with an eye of extreme jealousy, upon the advance of
the Russian power into Aft'gharnstan, the French into Egypt,
the United States into Oregon. They are steps upon the
route to the Indies, and she is aware of the historical lesson
that naval supremacy has followed a monopoly of the trade
in this clime. Let it be wrested from her, and the trident of
Neptune must pass into other hands. No nation is oi has
been so favorably situated to divert this stream of wealth
into its lap, as will be the population occupying Oregon.
The Pacific seas are free from those storms whicn rage on
the Atlantic, and are tho theatre for the triumphs of steam.
Commerce might be conducted across this expanse of wa-
ters, from coast to coast, with the certainty, safety,
and speed of railroad travelling. It would diffuse its stores
throughout the Union—the long and dangerous passage
round the Capes would be given up—and Europe would
seek in our Allantic ports the products of this tropical gar-
den. No question has yet arisen in our history, so closely
connected w ith the extension of American power and great-
ness. To permit Great Britain, by pertinacity, finesse or
bullying, to secure a footing there, would be to resign full
one-halt of the advantages which Providence has allotted to
us, in the position of our continent. Lot Congxess, the
State legislatures, the press and the people, awake to a
sense of the real importance oi this Oregon question. The
recommendation of the Secretary of "War is judiciousin
connection with this subj'ect. An immediate organization
of the territorial government of Nebraska, extending from
Missouri to the Rocky mountains, and the making ot a good
road thioughout its whole extent, together with the erec-
tion of military posts, would hasten tho growth of our trans-
montane power, and enable us to sustain our title. That is
just and righteous, and before it is surrendered to the en-
croachment or Ambition of any nation, let the cannon of the
republic bo heard among the peaks and crags of,the Rocky
mountains, and its stars and stripes be displayed along the
coast, to the breezes of the i'acihc Ocean/'
The Texas question, too, what is it but a ques-
tion of commerce—a question of cotton? As such
England regards it. The question is, whether we
shall hold what nature has given to u4?, all the best,
cotton country in the world, or let England take a
part of it from us now, as thirty yeais ego she at-
tempted to take the whole by the invasion of Louis-
iana? I do not mean to renew any of the political
considerations of the Texas controversy. This
House has passed upon it, as I have no doubt the
other will before this session of Congress closes;
and, before long, the whole country, the whole
world, will be satisfied that it is not for mere terri-
torial aggrandisement that we insist on withholding
Texas from British or any other European sway.
I cannot, however,deny myself the reflection—which,
may I not say, patriotism and philosophy combine?—
to suggest, that the European power which, within
the life time of some upon this floor, refused to sur-
render the ground where Cincinnati now stands to
the United States, and insisted on confining them to
the east of the Ohio—the same European power is
now intriguing, not warring, to keep Texas from
becoming a part of this republic. I am speaking
not as one of the Committee on Foreign Affaiis, or
from any official knowledge, but on my individual
responsibility. The two greatest maritime powers
of Europe unite to protest against the United States
accepting the proffered reannexation of Texas. One
of those powers, at the same time, is accidentally
detected in a clandestine attempt to get California
from Mexico, and offers to the other to resign her
usurpation as high constable of the seas, provided
that other will unite in an endeavor to frustrate the
union of Texas with this, its mother country. The
ministers of these great powers, anxiously watch
debates in another part of this building, and super-
intend constitutional arguments against the power
of our government to accomplish the wise resolu-
tion of President Monroe, more than twenty years
since, that European possessions and principles
must be no further extended on this continent.
About that time the ministers of those great Europe-
an kingdoms are said to have drawn their swords
upon each other in that President's ante-chamber;
but now the giant enmity of the two greatest em-
pires of Europe which, for centuries, maddened
their subjects to prodigies of bitter warfaie, are all
at once hushed in the nightmare dream—
"Dulcis etalta quies simihma morti''
of ministerial or royal repose; and they do not ha
in the same bed of protest against our recovery of
Texas, cunningly and wisely, lest it should unite a 1
parties in the United States, Boston with Orleans,
to resist such interference. Vice regal ministers
tender vicarious congiatulations to members in the
Capitol for speeches against Texas. They openly
display in Washington the insolent diplomatic su-
perintendence common in Mexico, where, not long
ago, according to the lively narrative of a lady of
their corps, the English minister with his own hand
pulled down the flag which he took umbrage at in a
public place. It is to me one of thr* most gratifying
attendants of our recovery of Tro; is that nearly all
the ministers of European governments here op-
posed it; confronted, and, I believe, confounded, as
the most forward were, by the decided tone of the
expiring administration. President Monroe used
to say that this country has an arm in reserve mgre
formidable than any yet employed to repel Euro-
pean invasion or encroachment—the power of prop-
agandism. Till now,itson\vard career has been guard-
edly inoffensive; its influence abroad has only be^n
example. It has never interfered, even in Mexico
or South America—where England and France are.
perpetually fomenting intestine troubles. What will
be their case when the ministers of the United
States are instructed to protest, to intrigue, and to
manoeuvre against English dominion in Ireland and
India, French in Algeria, or Russian in Poland.
