Feb. 1845.
28th Cong 2d Sess.
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
243
River and Harbor Bill—rMr. Murphy,
who can prove that fact has a right to do so before
the judicial tribunals; and as a good citizen, regard-
ing the purity of the elective franchise and his own
privileges, he is bound to do it. No such fact, how-
ever, has been attempted to be proven there; but if
his information should, peradventure, be correct, I
know of no reason for its not being so proven, ex-
cept that the fraud was perpetrated by his own po-
litical friends, who are too wise to inform against
themselves. The hue-and-cry which is raised on
this subject is something like that of the robber who
sets up the cry; of "stop thief" in order to divert at-
tention from himself. Certainly, judging from past
experience, the friends of the gentleman are more
likely to be suspected than the members of the dem-
ocratic party. He also gave us a description of the
Empire Cluh of New York, and Captain Rynders;
and it would appear, from his account of them, that
they were gamblers. This appears to me an unkind
refection upon his own friends. I recollect that
during the last campaign a gentleman of high stand-
lnS,n' Mississippi—Mr. Poindexter, I believe,—in
defending Mr. Clay against this very charge
of being a gambler, stated that it was the cus-
tom of gentlemen in the South to play cards.
This may be so: and I shall not find fault
with gentlemen amusing themselves in that
or m any other way they please. Still, as the gen-
tleman denies the privilege to Captain Rynders—
who is, 1 understand, from that region of the coun-
try * 1-9 ^e conclusion that he does not
agree with Mr. Poindexter, and that he intended in
his remarks to rebuke the practice which that gen-
tleman undertook to defend in Mr. Clay. Of the
tri"J> of,the charges against either, I know nothing.
The honorable gentleman thought proper, fur-
ther, to say that he understood that the North Caro-
lina battle-ship was, on the day of election, moored
at the Brooklyn vvharf, and that it had been arranged
that the men on board of her were to go ashore and
\ote for me, and that their votes, if received, would
have elected me; but, by some legerdemain, the
men were spirited over to New York city, and there
voted for my friend near me, [Mr. Maclay.] He
also stated that his object in alluding to this matter
was to ascertain whether there was among the mem-
bers of the democratic party that honor which, ac-
cording to the old proverb, exists among the mem-
bers of every profession; and that he wished the
country to be enlightened upon this subject.
Now, sir, it is useless for me to do more than to
aver, as I do, that the ship in question was never, at
any time during the canvass, or on election day,
moored to any wharf in my district; and that no
such arrangement for the men to vote for me as he
states ever took place; and that, if they had voted
for me, i would not have been elected. The whole
story was first heard by me from his lips, and is so
absolutely false, in every particular, that it is unne-
cessary to say more. But, as the gentleman wishes
light, and is evidently so much in the dark as to the
facts connected with the New York elections, I can-
not refuse to comply with his request, even though
I should remind him that, "if ignorance is bliss, 'tis
folly to be wise," and though it should be at the ex-
pense of his own powers of discrimination.
Well, it is said that the gentlemen recently visted
the Norm, and there obtained his piper's news,
if so, he appears to have been treated in the same
manner as many worthy strangers before him have
been served by certain questionable characters there.
We have m New York, sir, a class of men, 1 am
very sorry to say, who get their living (not in the
must honest way) by what is called the "drop
game;" which is practised somewhat after this man-
ner. Two or three of the gentry to whom I allude,
Keep a look-out for the arrival of the steamboats
ana steam cars; and, when they observe a gentle-
mail leaving them, who betrays in iiis manner a
curiosity and inquisitive turn to see and learn what
is to be there seen and learned, by closely observing
the shows m the shop windows and the little inci-
dents momently transpiring in the streets, they put
ltn down as a proper subject for their operations—
being, as they term it, a little green. They follow
him as he wends his way to the hotel, and pass by
at some distance from each other. The fore-
most then drops a purse or wallet containing a
quantity of base coin or a roll of spurious bank
bills upon the side walk, and his accomplice be-
hind him, coming to the spot where it lies, is sure
to pick it up m the sight of the curious and obser-
vant stranger, who stops to see the prize which is
opened to his view, and the roll of bills or glitterine
com disclosed to the best advantage. But "all is not
H. of Reps.
gold that glitters;" and the rogue who has picked it
up declaring that it is not his, and that the traveller
appears to be an honest man, offers to leave it with
him to give to the owner, if he will give him a
trifle as a reward which the owner will doubtless
repay. Too frequently is the desire of possessing
the "treasure trove" too strong for the traveller to
resist. He complies with the request, and marches
off elated with his acquisition, ana does not discover
that he is imposed upon until he tries to pass off the
bills, when he discovers too late that they are bad
and that he has been the dupe of his own cupidity.
Thus, I apprehend, it has been with the honora-
ble gentleman in his late visit. He has been im-
posed upon by some of the political drop gamblers
who infest New York. They have found him eager
to obtain information about election frauds; and if
they had none to impart, they, at least, could man-
ufacture some for him at no great expense. They
no doubt found him to be possessed of all those
generous qualities which are said to belong to the
people of the South, and as no class of our commu-
nity are more quick to appreciate those qualities in
a stranger than these men, they made up a good
budget for him. He has kept his treasures by him
until his return, and has unfolded them before this
committee. He has asked an opinion upon them.
It is my unpleasant duty, therefore, as one who
knows, to tell him that his disclosures, like the coin
in the drop gambler's wallet, are base and spurious,
and that he has been most grossly imposed upon.
I leave this subject. The democrats of New
York need no defence from me. It is the stern de-
votion to their principles which they have shown,
accomplishing the great triumph of the democracy,
that has produced this cry of fraud, and these
charges which I have felt it my duty, as one of the
humblest of their representatives on this floor, to
repel. They went into that election under every
disadvantage. One of their own distinguished citi-
zens, whom they have ever delighted to honor, had
been designated as the presidential candidate by a
majority of their party through the Union, and
they therefore had formed no unjust expectation
that he would be presented by the Baltimore con-
vention as such candidate. It resulted otherwise;
and they unanimously submitted. They gave a
pledge of their fidelity to the nomination of Mr. Polk
by nominating for the same election Mr. Wright for
governor. The wealth, too, of our opponents was
brought to bear particularly against them. Com-
binations of all sorts were formed to defeat them. The
friends of Mr. Clay courted every discordant ele-
ment which existed in the State. Abolitionism,
anti-rentism, native Americanism, were all humored,
and all brought to bear against the democracy of
New York. But it was indomitable, and hence
those tears of its opponents. Dismissing the sub-
ject, however, I will now proceed to the considera-
tion of the principles, objects and designs of the
pseudo native American party.
It is one of the remarkable circumstances of the
present day, prolific as it is in strange events both
political and moral, that there should have sprung
into existence, and gained the favor of any consider-
able body of the people, a party whose proposed
measures are in direct contradiction to the two great
cardinal principles upon which our government is
formed—equality in civil rights, and toleration in re-
ligion. The doctrines of popular liberty have been
held to be progressive; and the whole history of
republics has confirmed this opinion. Yet we now
have the spectacle of one of the boldest retrograde
movements in them ever attempted in this country,
in the principles of action avowed by this new party;
which, if I ain not mistaken, are more repugnant to
the genius of our institutions, than the odious alien
and sedition laws enactcd during that period when
our government was administered by the elder
Adams, and which has not inaptly been termed the
reign of terror.
What were the doctrines of our revolution? Were
they not that all men are created equal? that birth
gives no rights to one that it does not give to
another? and that all men should have a voice in the
government under whose protection they put them-
selves? Let the declaration of independence answer.
Our ancestors felt that they themselves were
strangers upon this soil. They had fled from the
tyrants of Europe, and taken up their abode with
the poor Indian, who received them kindly, and
shared with them the bounties that the God of all
had showered upon this land. And could they be
less just than the untutored savage? No; they in-
vited the oppressed of all nations to come here.
They offered them an asylum, not as a naked pro-
tection, but as a place where they might assert tneii'
rights as men. They did not shut themselves up,
and say we will not allow the rest of the world to
enjoy the blessings of our liberty. We have their
express declaration to this effect, in language bold
and unequivocal. In the "Observations on the Amer-
ican Revolution," published in 1779, according to a
resolution of Congress, by a committee of that body,
they declared, in view of the achievement of the in-
dependence for which they were struggling, that
"the portals of the temple we have raised to free-
dom shall, then, be thrown wide, as an asylum to
mankind. America shall receive to her bosom, and
comfort and cheer, the oppressed, the miserable, and
the poor of every nation and of every clime. The
enterprise of extending commerce shall wave her
friendly flag over the billows of the remotest re-
gions. Industry shall collect and bear to her shores
all the various productions of the earth, and all by
which human life and human manners are polished
and adorned. In becoming acquainted with the re-
ligions, the customs, and the laws, the wisdom, vir-
tues, and follies, and prejudices of different coun-
tries, we shall be taught to cherish the principles of
general benevolence. We shall learn to consider all
men as our brethren, being equally children of the
universal parent."
The present movement has not even the merit of
novelty to recommend it. Itisthepolicy ofthe tyrants
of the Old World, and of the enemies of freedom
here. In the great political contest which termina-
ted in the election of Mr. Jefferson, the federalists
raised the cry of "foreigner" against that great and
good man, who now, m the retirement of a green
old age, is enriching the world with his masterly
contributions to American ethnology; but who then
was in the front rank of those who were battling for
popular rights? The doctrine was repudiated then
by the American people, through Mr. Jefferson—
who made that man his Secretary of the Treasury.
I need not say that I allude to the same individual
to whom the venerable gentleman from Massachu-
setts, [Mr. Adams,1 paid so high a compliment the
other day—Albert Gallatin.
What, then, has caused the revival of this doctrine,
which was discarded by the patriots of the revolu-
tion, and by the American people again in 1800?
The proximate causes may be discovered in the lo-
calities where it has been most successful. In the
city of New York it originated in the disappointment
of men who did not receive municipal appointments
from the corporation elected in 1843. That corpo-
ration, in the discharge of its duties, thought proper
to select a few naturalized citizens for watchmen
and other subordinates in its government. This
gave offence to the disappointed applicants, who
banded together for the purpose of obtaining the
control of the city councils at the then next election.
Another element soon came to their aid. The legis-
lature of the State had just before passed a law giv-
ing to the people of the city the same right which
those of the agricultural districts of that State enjoy-
ed, of electing their own administrative officers
of the public schools. Under that law the Roman
Catholics,—who are there, for the most part, foreign-
ers—were permitted to have a voice with the pro-
fessors of other religious doctrines in the election of
those officers, who had previously in that city been
chosen by a close corporation, composed of men
none of whom were of that faith. The Pope's great
toe was here discovered by many who were more
zealous than just: and thus political and religious
intolerance combined to lay the foundation of the
self-styled native American party.
And was there ever a greater misapplication of a
name? Its principles^are so repugnant to every
truly American feeling and to republican principle,
that its leaders seize hold of the endeared name of
"American," to cajole and deceive the people in its
support
The legitimate effects of this selfishness and bigot-
ry were soon seen in the neighboring city of Phila-
delphia, in the riots which have given that city
more notoriety than credit, and in the burning of
the churches dedicated by adopted citizens to the
service of God. What a sad commentary those
transactions presented to the world upon the bless-
ing of a free government, the conscience of every
true American will testify. But more deplorable
still was it to see a party there organized upon the.
ruins thus produced, to proscribe politically the un-
fortunate beings who had been driven from their
firesides and their altars.
The causes which led to this movement were, of
