March, 1845.
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
245
28th Cong 2d Sess.
Indian Claims—Mr. Thompson.
H. of Reps.
it enacted a kindred one, so altering the naturaliza-
tion laws which previously required a residence, as
now, of five years, as to require a residence of four-
teen years. Mr. Jefferson, in his first message to
Congress, recommended a revisal of that law, not
only because it was contrary to the policy of the
States, which had surrendered the power over the
subject to the general government, and hostile to the
settlement of the country, but also because, "consid-
ering the chances of human life, a denial of citizen-
ship under a residence of fourteen years, is a denial
to a great proportion of those who ask it." If this
opinion of that great man be correct, how much
larger must be the proportion denied if the term be
extended 'to twenty-one years? Would it not be
equivalent to an abolition of all laws of naturaliza-
tion?
A reason urged for an alteration of those laws is,
that we are in danger from foreign influence. This
is somewhat vague; but it is made to refer to two
different kinds of influence. The politician, who
wishes to contract the circle of those who may en-
joy political rights, sees in the immigrant not that
love of freedom which has led him from the home
of his father, but the hand of pow&r which has op-
pressed him. He declaims against hostility to
America by the powers Europe, as if it were brought
here in the bosoms of their subjects; and against
the ignorance and unfitness to enjoy our institutions
of those who come here, as if they were coming
they knew not where. All this apprehension, if it
be real, is most unfounded; for the very fact of their
adoption of this country shows that it is their love
of liberty and hatred of oppression, their admiration
of our government and dissatisfaction with their
own, that animates them, and induces them to
brave the perils of the ocean, leaving behind friends
and kindred and early associations. We should re-
gard them not as enemies to us, but as friends; not
as untutored in the principles of a free government,
but as taught in the bitter school of oppression to
admire our institutions. It is as I have before re-
marked, because they have always been found on
the side of popular rights here that the opposition
has been raised against them. For when in our
history has the great mass of the naturalized citizens
been found on the side of that party in our country
which is in favor of property qualifications in the
voter, and of splendid monopolies under our gov-
ernment?
In order to give importance to this groundless
fear of foreign influence, a passage from Washing-
ton's farewell address is quoted in its support. It
is in these words: "Against the insidious wiles of
foreign influence the jealousy of a free people ought
to be constantly awake, since history and experience
prove that foreign influence is one of the most bane-
ful foes of republican government." The foreign
influence" to which that gieat man refers is plainly
seen, from the context of this passage, to be of quite
a different character from that which is sought to be
attributed to him. He is speaking of the influence
of foreign governments: not of their victims who
flee to our country, for he adds in the same para-
graph, "excessive partiality for one foreign nation,
and excessive dislike of another, cause those whom
they actuate to see danger only on one side, and
serve to veil, and even second, the arts of influence
on the other." He then proceeds to advise his
countrymen against the entanglements of alliances
with foreign powers■ "Europe," he says, "has a
set of primary interests which to us have none or a
very remote relation. Hence she must be engaged
in frequent controversies, the causes of which are
essentially foreign to our concerns. Hence, there-
fore, it must be unwise in us to implicate ourselves
by artificial ties, in the ordinary vicissitudes of her
politics, or the ordinary combinations and collisions
of her friendships and enmities." He no where
alludes to foreign immigrants. We have abundant
evidence indeed that he entertained no hostility to
thoss who had come to this country from the Old
World. Among the distinguished men whom he
called to his cabinet, one (Alexander Hamilton) was
not born in this country.
The other species of foreign influence is altogether
of a different character. It partakes of religious
fears. It means the influence of the Pope. It wars
upon the Roman Catholics; and in this is the great
secret of the success of the native American party
Religious zeal has in all ages and in all countries
had a powerful effect upon the actions of men It
drove the puritans from England to Holland, and to
America; and they in turn drove Roger Williams
into the wildernesses of Najagansett, and the Q,uajcers
(whom they did not hang) out of Massachusetts.
Romanists and Protestants have in their turn been
equally unrelenting towards each other, and papal
anathemas, and the terrors of the inquisition, have
been returned with civil disabilities and State church-
establishments.
But this is all wrong. As Americans, we repu-
diate the persecutions of both. The day for religious
intolerance has gone by. The great battle of reli-
gious freedom was fought in '76, as well as that of
political liberty. The framers of our constitution
well knew that religion might again be invoked by
one portion of the community to oppress another.
They provided against it, when they forbade Con-
gress to make any law "prohibiting the free exer-
cise of religion." He, therefore, who seeks to have
the power of Congress applied in any way to affect
the privileges of persons professing any particular
religion, violates the spirit of that instrument. The
breach once opened in the constitution, and the per-
secution, directed now against the Catholics, will
ere lon  be directed against some other sect, Baptist,
Methodist, or Presbyterian: the constitutional bar-
rier preserved, all are alike protected.
The spirit evinced by the native American party
against Catholics does not spring from true religion.
Witness the scenes of the last election, when the
Bible—that record of the faith and the foundation of
the hopes of future bliss of all—was carried about
the streets tied up in ribands in mock veneration by
men whose lives were examples of immorality
Midnight revelry was not unfrequently u sequel to
a native American meeting. That party did not
seek to correct the conduct of those men. It courted
them for their votes, and was indulgent to their
vices, because it wanted their aid to political power.
This inconsistency was well exposed by that great
apostle of religious freedom—John Locke—nearly a
century ago.
"If any one," said he, "whilst he is cruel and
implacable towards those that differ from him in
opinion, be indulgent to such iniquities and immo-
ralities as are unbecoming the name of a Christian,
let such an one talk never so much of the church,
he plainly demonstrates, by his actions, that 'tis an-
other kingdom he aims at, and not the advancement
of the kingdom of God." And could it be other-
wise with men who exercise an attribute which our
Heavenly Father docs not claim—for we are told
that He is no respecter of persons—and who, after
the self-righteous manner of the hypocritical Phari-
sees, would have other men stand aside because they
are less holy? The weapons of true religion are not
the sword and the faggot: its mode of conquest is
not by depriving men of their natural rights, nor by
proscription for conscience' sake; for that would not
only betray a distrust in the truth which is its found-
ation-stone, but, as force ever does, confirm error.
Its arms are the gospel, and its power is exerted
through holy example and conversation.
This alarm about foreign influence, as regards the
immigrant, is, therefore, false when applied to his
political feelings, and mere intolerance when applied
to his religious belief.
It is said by the native American party that they
extend the hand of hearty welcome to foreigners to
come and live among us—that they only oppose
their enjoying the elective franchise! Is this not
selfish? Is it not unjust? They are willing to reap
the fruits of the labor and industry of foreigners—
to subject them to taxation and to military duty—to
impose upon them all the obligations of citizens,—
but to deprive them of that privilege which makes
taxation and military duty tolerable; for, sir, in the
State of New York, and I presume in other States,
all aliens are liable to taxation, and 'those holding
real estate to military duty in addition.
Mr. Murphy yielded the floor to Mr. John W.
Davis, saying that, as the hour was expiring, he
would reserve his remarks upon other branches of
the subject for some other occasion, should it offer.
REMARKS OF MR. THOMPSON,
OF MISSISSIPPI.
In the House of Representatives, March 3, 1845 
On the reconsideration of the bill of the Senate to
authorize the Chickasaw Indians to institute a suit
in the United States court, in the District of Co-
lumbia, to try the validity of certain claims of those
Indians against the United State's.
Mr. THOMPSON said: The repeated calls made
upon me by my friend from Tennessee, [Mr. C.
Johnson,] induce me to intrude my views on this
subject upon the House. I have long lived in that
beautiful country ceded by the Chickasaws to this
government. I am well acquainted with all the
head men of that nation. I could once, to so'me
slight extent, speak their language. I am familiar
with their customs, have often examined and advo-
cated their rights under their treaties with the Uni-
ted States; and so much have I been identified with
that tribe oflndians, and so steadily have I main-
tained their interests, that I am well nigh consider-
ed a Chickasaw myself. [Laughter.] It is on this
account I am called upon for my views and opin-
ions, and not because I was on the committee
which examined into the disbursement and invest-
ment of the Chickasaw fund. The gentleman from
Tennessee [Mr. Johnson] is mistaken in suppos-
ing me to have served on that committee. But
such information as I possess shall be frankly laid
before the House.
1 am opposed to the passage of this bill, because
the principle on which it rests is wrong, without the
sanction of sound reason or good policy. No mo-
ney can be drawn from the treasury of the United
-States but in pursuance of an appropriation of law,
as it is distinctly provided by the constitution. For
this reason Congress should pass no law which con-
strains or limits their discretion in all appropria-
tions; and therefore no citizen of the United States,
having a claim, is permitted to institute suit against
the government. No State or corporation is allow-
ed this privilege, and why should this right be ex-
tended to any tribe of Indians? Has Congiess evt r
evinced a disposition to deny to the poor Indian
justice? Have we ever refused to give an attentive
ear to his complaints? To suppose such a thing, is
a dishonorable reflection upon this House and our
predecessors. On the contrary, we all know how
irresistible any bill is which has the word Indian in
it. We all know how many enormous and start-
ling speculations have been pushed through Con-
gress in the name of the Indians. And this fear
of legislating for speculators is the only drawback
to any Indian claim; and this Bouse will go farther
for the savage than any cold and unfeeling court of
justice. But suppose we confer this high preroga-
tive of instituting suit against the United States
upon the Chickasaws, and thus virtually transfer
the keys of the treasury to the chancellor of this
District: are they capable of themselves to pre-
fer, advocate, and maintain their rights? On the
contrary, we know they are an iguorant people,
and must engage agents and attorneys to act for
them; and the chancellor, in opening the doors of
the treasury to the Chickasaws, will allow other
shrewd men, who love the Chickasaws and urge
their interest so much, to lay their hands also upon
its coffers.
This bill, then, Mr. Speaker, instead of being for
the benefit of the Indians, holds out inducement,
offers rewards, to white men for hunting up cases
against the United States among the Indians; and if
you give this privilege to the Chickasaws, you are
bound to extend it to the Cherokees and the other
tribes. The dockets of your chancery court in this
district are to be burdened with Indian cases; your
district attorney, who knows nothing of such mat-
ters, will have his labors increased fourfold; the tes-
timony that will be taken and submitted will be all
ex parte; and the decrees of the court will be bind-
ing, in honor, upon the government, A bill that is
based upon such a principle, and leads to such con-
sequences, should be most carefully examined be-
fore its adoption here.
The next point to be examined is the reason for
the passage of this bill. It is said by the gentleman
from North Carolina [Mr. Saunders] that in our
treaty with the Chickasaw nation, it was agreed
that the lands ceded should be sold as other
public lands, and the proceeds of the sales were to
be invested in stocks not having more than twenty
years to run; that the government, in violation of
that provision of the treaty, had invested the Chick-
asaw fund in stocks having more titan twenty years
to run, and that the States whose stock:bonds had
been purchased had for several years failed to pay
interest. Here was a question for a court of chan-
cery. Suppose the facts to be as they are stated:
we have remedied already the main part of the
grievance complained of by the passage of the bill
a few days since, advancing to these very Indians
the interest due them from the non-paying States
out of the United States treasury. Therefore the
Chickasaws^ at the present time have no ground of
complaint on this head. And for them to emplov
an attorney to prosecute a suit against us on this ac-
count, is a ridiculous expense. But suppose, at tin
