March, 1845.
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
247
28th Cong 2d Sess.
Post Office Reform—Mr. Patersfrri.
H. of Reps.
ages toriveyfed in the mail, as a large proportion of
them are riot entered upon the post bills. The Post-
master General says that the loss of the department
does not end with the $450,000 losgupoin free letters;
but estimates the amount paid for the delivery of
the same at $60v000. This is doubtless less than
the amount paid, as it falls short of Mr. Niles's es-
timate for 1840; also that of George Plitt, special
agent of the department, who, in his report of the
same year, estimates the amount to be $80,000. All
the estimates refer only to letters sent from "Wash-
ington during the session of thirty-three weeks refer-
red to. Estimating the number of letters received at
the same office to be one-third the number sent from
it, and the postage would amount to over $700,000,
exclusive of free printed matter, and letters and
packages carried by mail during the rest of the year,
which, if correctly estimated, would swell the
amount very considerably.
The Hon. Win. B. Maclay, in an able article
published in Hunt's Merchants' Magazine, in March
last, ventures to complete the postmaster's estimate,
as follows:
3,000,000 of free letters, at 15 cents each. .$450,000
2-cent commission allowed deputy postmas-
ters for delivery of free letters  60,000
1,000,000 of free letters not exhibited by
the returns of the postmasters, at 15 cts.
each  150,000
Cost of advertising free letters  30,000
Free printed matter, charged at the usual
fates  210,000
900,000
The amount set down in the above table as paid
for the advertising and del.very of free letters is
much lesi than the previous estimates.
This estimate for free printed matter is doubtless
far short of what it amounts to in reality, as the
franking privilege is not confined to members of
Congress and officers under the United States gov-
ernment: governors of the several States may trans-
mit by mail, free of postage, all laws and reports
which may be directed by the legislatures of the
several States to be transmitted to the governors of
other States; in addition to this are the exchange
newspapers, passing between more than 1,300 print-
ers in the United States, free of postage, some of
whom, Mr. Maelay says, estimate their daily ex-
changes at over two hundred; but he supposes the
newspapers to be published once a week only, and
' that an exchange paper is sent to one of every other
four printers: each printer will transmit, free of
postage, 16,900 papers annually—amounting, alto-
gether, to 21,970,000; which, at only one cent each,
amounts to §210,700; which, with a moderate esti-
mate for free printed matter which is not computed
in the foregoing estimate—to say nothing of news-
papers upon which postage is paid, and which are
transmitted at so great a loss to the department—
would swell the amount of free-mailed matter to
over $1,200,000.
With more than one-third of everything passsing
through the mail in value, exclusive of newspapers,
and more than nine-tenths in weight including news-
papers upon which postage is paid—which, according
to Mr. Niles, are transmitted at a Iorb to the depart-
ment of 88 per cent., to which extent they become
a tax upon correspondence—is it a matter of won-
derment that the people are complaining loudly of
the present system, and calling for reform, the neces-
sity which is manifested, inasmuch as it is impossi-
ble to protect the revenue of the department from
heavy losses, by reason of the illicit conveyance of
letters, which cannot be prevented so long as letter-
postage remains as it now is? I am aware that those
who are opposed to a reduction of postage ridicule
the comparison which has been drawn between the
freight of a barrel of flour upon the canal in New
York, and the postage upon a single letter over the
same route; and I acknowledge that the cases are
not strictly analogous; still, the contrast is such,
right or wrong, as to make the rates of postage ap-
pear the more glaring. If the freight of a barrel of
flour is only 18J cent-s, exclusive of tolls, and the
same as postage upon a single letter over the same
route, the flour weighing 216 pounds, and the letter a
quarter of an ounce, the flour charged with letter post-
age would amount to $2,592; although not strictly
analogous cases,still the parallel is such as to convince
everybody that the rates of postage are inequitable
and unbearable. Every one must be convinced, who
examines the subject, that the salvation of the Post
Office Department depends upon such a revision of
the postage tariff as will restore to it the whole cor-
respondence of the country, without which its rev-
enue will be so crippled that it will be impossible
for it to go on with its operations, as it appears from
the report of the Postmaster General, made 2d De-
cember, 1843, that the revenue of the department
had fallen off during the preceding year more than
$250,000 dollars'; during the past year there has been
an additional falling off" Of $58,440, and was less
than any year since 1838, while the population and
business of the country, with its correspondence,
has largely increased. No one can doubt, whose
attention has been called to the subject, and who
knows how general the disposition is to evade the
payment of postage, and is familiar with the thousand
ways by which letters are carried, that at least one-
half of the correspondence of the Atlantic States is
carried out of the mail. It is well understood
that all the principal hotel-keepers in the northern
and eastern cities are in the habit of transmitting
daily, packages of letters, which they have received
from their boarders, from city to city, and through-
out the country, by private hand. One gentleman
in New York estimates that he sends every day
from his hotel fifteen dollars' worth. "If this is done
at one hotel," says an able writer in the New World,
"the loss, through hotels alone, in that city, to say
nothing of other modes of conveyance, would
amount to, at least, two hundred dollars per day."
How is this drain upon the revenue of the depart-
ment to be stopped? It can be done in no other
way than by reducing postage so low as to do away
with private expresses, making it no longer an ob-
ject for individuals to incur the risk of violating the
law, which would with certainty be enforced, meet-
ing, as it would, with the approbation of the people.
In arriving at a proper conclusion as to what the re-
duction in the rates of postage should be, we have
not only the facts which were elicited upon the ex-
amination upon which was predicated the estab-
lishment of the penny rates in England, m 1840, but
we have the experience of the British government
since the new system went into operation there to
guide us.
That examination stands out as a monument of
the wisdom with which the British Parliament legis-
late when they are about to make material changes
in the old, or enact new laws affecting the great in-
terests of the country. In this instance more than
one hundred witnesses were examined, including
the principal postmasters, the most intelligent busi-
ness men, bankers, and members of the nobility
from different sections of the kingdom, taking up
the time of an able committee who sat constantly for
months, and who embodied replies, by letters, to in-
terrogatories addressed by them of as many more in
their report.
The thousand ways in which the post office laws
were evaded with impunity was made manifest, and
which the solicitor of the post office found it impos-
sible to restrain without maintaining the right of
search and enforcing it, which was so questionable
a measure that government never adopted it. Let-
ters were carried in parcels in post coaches. Book
sellers transmitted their circulars and general cor-
respondence in packages by stage all over the king-
dom. Merchants adopted the same course, sending
letters m boxes and bundles of goods by teams,
steamboats, and stages; while there were were a
numerous class of individuals throughout the king-
dom who made it their business to carry letters
which were collected openly in coffee houses in
London and elsewhere, from town to town, some-
times travelling upon the coach that carried the roy-
al mail. To such an extent was the illicit trans-
mission of letters carried, that from 1815 to 1835,
during a period of twenty years, in which time the
population had increased near 40 per cent., there
was an actual falling off in the post office revenue
of ;£86,125—it being in 1815, .£2,193,741, and in
1835, <£2,107,616. The same prejudices exist here
as in England previous to the post office reform
there; and the same machinery is in full operation in
most of the old States of the Union, and would
have gone on perfecting until the Post Office De-
partment was bankrupted, if the main spring in the
wheel which moves the whole had not been
broken by a reduction of postage. With an in-
crease of population for the last six years of near
25 per cent., the amount received for postage re-
mains about the same; instead of which, had it kept
pace, as it should, with the increase of population,
the increase of revenue would be near or quite a mil-
lion of dollars. Nothing further can be necessary
to convince every reflecting mind that a reduction of
postage fcthe only remedy which will cure the dis-
ease.
The present Postmaster General became convinced
that some revision of the present postage tariff will
have to be made; and say S, in his report of 1842, "that
if government exacts no more from the citizen than
the cost and expense of transporting his letter, ho
has no right to complain; but when an additional
sum is wanted to defray the expense of transporting
the correspondence of the government, it is a juss
cause of complaint, and should be paid, like the tax
of every other service, out of the common resources
of the country. Public opinion seems so strong
in fatof Of a reduction of postage upon letters, that
he felt its influence, and was unwilling to act unad-
visably in any recommendation which he might
make upon the subject." He therefore appointed
Gen. Duff Green, who Was about visiting Europe,
to make inquiries as to the operation of the English
system. One of the objects of his inquiries was,
whether letters are allowed to be carried on the
mail lines, out of the mail, and what in particular are
the penalties, whether th?y extend to passengers,
and are effectual in protecting the revenue. To this
Gen. Green replies, that the high rates of posWge
in France, as in the United States, leads to many
evasions of the law, and the department claim the
right to examine the baggage and persons of passen-
gers, for the purpose of preventing the carrying
letters. This was resisted, and it has been decided
that government had no right to do so. From the
experience of France and England, as well as that
of our own country, it would seem that the surest,
if not the only means of preventing fraud, is to re-
duce the rates of postage so low as to make it for
the interest of the public to prefer the mails to a
private conveyance. As the transportation of the
mail is a government monopoly, the business should
be done as cheap, with as much speed, and greater
certainty than individuals could perform the whole
service of the department; and it will commend xl ■
self to the support of the community; which
will prove a thousand times more effectual than the
odious and illegal system of search, inquisitions,
and paid informers. Mr. Niles, in his report of
1840, says that nothing can be more apparent
than the palpable injustice of our present system of
postage tariff.
The postage tariff is a direct tax upon one man,
for the benefit of another class. What principle of
justice or public policy can sustain a law which
taxes a correspondent in New York, who has occa-
sion to send a letter by mail to New Orleans, 250
per cent, more than the service is worth or costs, to
enable«the subscriber in New York to a newspaper
in New Orleans, to have it conveyed to him 88 per
cent, less than the actual cost of the service? Our
system of postage was derived from England, where
the postage was a tax for revenue, analogous to the
stamp tax: like that, it was a tax on business.
Here it is not a tax, but in the nature of a freight, or
charge for the service performed.
If our object in reducing postage is the same as
that of England—that of reducing it to the point that
will bring Dack to the mail the whole correspond-
ence of the country, and cause such an increase as
will keep up the post office revenue—n« experience
which we have had will guide us so correctly as that
produced before the parliamentary committee, taken
m connection with the results of the penny postage
since it was adopted in England.
Here Mr. Patterson was called to order again
for irrelevancy; and the Chair decided that he must
confine his remarks to the Senate's amendments to
the bill.
Mr. P. appealed from the decision of the Chair.
The House sustained him m his appeal, and he pro-
ceeded.
He believed he was not out of order. If so, there
was hardly a member upon that floor who, during
some one of the debates, had not been wider frotn
the mark than he was. He had in his mind many
bright examples of the kind. The distinguished
member from North Carolina [Mr. Rayner] had
closed a speech within the last two days upon the
subject of the admission ofTexas, upon another bill,
and was followed by his colleague, [Mr. Muuphy,]
who made a poliucal speech upon the same bill; and
he would venture to say that no member upon that
floor could have told, from the course of their argu-
ment, what bill was before the House. He intended
to have followed them, but was cut off by the
bill being taken out of debate. He now embraced
the only opportunity afforded him since to speak.
He had never made "Buncombe" speeches to takc<
