250
APPENDIX TO illE CONGRESSIONAL GLOSfe.
March, 1845.
28th Coug 2d Sess.
Post Office Reform—Mr. Paterson.
H. of Reps.
sidered the reduction of postage as a profit and loss ques-
tion, affecting my own pocket, without considering the ef-
fect it would produce in other -points of view. I have not
the slightest wish that the revenue should be impaired; if
it were a matter of pounds, shillings, and pence only, it
would be as little an objectionable source of revenue as any
other; but it does not resolve itself into that, its effects are
so general: benefit will arise to commerce, to science, to
education, and to everything that is desirable, by taking it
off.
"Lord Ashburton, looking at the postage question gene-
rally, and with reference to its effects m other ways than as
a branch of revenue merely, says, I have always thought it
a very bad means of raising the revenue; 1 think it is one of
the worst of ourtaxes. We have, unfortunately, many tax-
es which have an injurious tendency; but I think few, if
any, have so injurious a tendency as the tax upon the com-
munication by letters. I cannot doubt that the tax upon
communications by letters must bear heavily upon com-
merce; it is, in fact, taxing the conversation of people who
live at a distance from each other. The communication of
letters by persons living at a distance is the same as a com-
munication by word or mouth between persons living m
the same town. You might as well tax words spoken upon
the royal exchange as the communications of various per-
sons living in Manchester, Liverpool, or London. "You can-
not do it without checking very essentially the disposition
to communicate. Suppression of correspondence in mat-
ters of trade implies the suppression of trade itself. Much
intercourse takes place before you bring any plan to bear.
Inquiries are made, patterns are drawn, and samples sent,
which may end in some transaction; you deal with a man
with whom you can communicate freely. Tliese obseiva-
tions apply equally to small as to large transactions."
It appeared that the suppression of the corres-
pondence of the working classes gave rise to social
and political evils of a peculiar and frequently of
an aggravated nature. The misery is represented
as being extreme on the part of the husband and
wife when separated for months and not knowing
the fate of each other, by reason of their not being
able to spare a ten pence to pay postage. Individ-
uals have been known to remain for months igno-
rant of the death of near relatives in consequence of
not being able to pay postage. Mr. Simpson, the
author of a treatise on education, Says:
"The present obstruction to correspondence is a tax not
only upon the thoughts, but upon the affections; the re-
moval of which would cause a great improvement m the
social feelings and in the domestic affections, and would
be a solace to the working classes who often feel veiy
very intensely in their separation from their friends  
It was found that high rates of postage grad u-
ally estranged absentees from their homes and fam-
ilies, and tended to engender a neglect of the ties of
blood. The evil was found to be very great result-
ing from want of communication between parents
and their children, leading to vice and profligacy on
the part of young persons, who came from the
country inexperienced, and which might have been
prevented if the high rates of postage had not put it
out of the power of the parents to advise and coun-
sel the child, until the kindlier feelings of their na-
ture, which should ever be kept alive between rela-
tives, had become deadened and grown cold; which
would never occur if the child was in frequent re-
ceipt of communications from the parent.
Another great evil of a high postage in suppressing
correspondence was, that it kept the working classes
ignorant of the state of wages in different parts of
the country, so that they did not know where labor
was demanded, occasioning them frequent journeys
in search of employment which they would not
have made had postage been so low as to enable
them to write. This state of things had a tenden-
cy to promote strikes and trades' unions amongst
them, which would not have occurred if their desire
to correspond with each other had been gratified.
The most of the disturbances and strikes were the
result of minds ignorant of all that was passing
around them, trying to think freely but fallaciously.
The attachment of the poor to each other was
such as to keep them from removing to a neighbor-
in" parish, where their condition would have been
bettered, fearing that they would not be able to hear
from their friends left behind, as they could not af-
ford to communicate by post. Another evil was
found to be that it removed from parents one of the
strongest motives they could have to teach their
children to read and write, and from the children
one equally strong to retain the knowledge they had
acquired, as it was found that those who had learn-
ed to write at school soon lost their ability to do so.
In so strong a sense did some of the most intelligent
witnesses regard the evil inflicted upon society by
the imposition of a tax upon correspondence, that
they expressed the opinion that it was not a tit sub-
ject for taxation at all, proving, as it did, an intoler-
able burden to the poor, who were not able to raise
the money to pay postage on letters from an absent
husband or child, and were frequently compelled to
pawn their furniture and clothes to raise money to
pay postage; and when they had neither, they must
depend upon charity for means to pay the_ enormous
The unhappy effects of high rates of postage are
felt here, as in England, although not to the same
melancholy extent. Such is the nature of our insti-
tutions, and the character of our pursuits, that the
sundering of families follows of necessity, causing
different members tch seek new homes among
strangers in strange lands, occasioning, in many
instances, intense suffering to the son and daughter,
who have been driven by Necessity from their pa-
ternal roofs, in consequence of their not being aole
to pay postage—resulting, in too many instances, in
the absence of the parental admonition, in deaden-
ing the affections which form the golden link in the
chain which, if kept bright, is destined to perpetuate
our political existence, and in their making ship-
wreck of their reputations in the midst of the vices
and allurements of a cold and selfish world.
Rowland Hill, in a pamphlet recently publish-
ed, (an extract from which i take from a New York
paper,) in speaking of the beneficial effects of the
postage reform in England, says:
" 'Mr. Travers despatches ten thousand more prices cur-
rent per annum than formerly; samples are now despatched
by post. Mr. Charles Knight says that penny postage
facilitates the distribution ot books; monthly lists formerly
sent only to the London trade are now sent to the country
booksellers. Country booksellers have parcels three tiroes
a week instead of once; small tradesmen once a week in-
stead of once a month- t
" 'Accuracy of books is promoted by a cheap transmis-
sion of proofs to and fro between the author and publisher.
Messrs. Pickford & Co.'s postage lor the year 1839 was on
30,000 letters; for the year ending March, 1843, it was on
about 240,000. Mr. Stokes, the honorable secretary to the
Parker societv, states that the society could not have ex-
isted but for the penny postagfe; it is for reprinting the
works of the English reformers; there are7,0()0 subscribers;
it pays yearly from two hundred to three hundred pounds
postage; it also pays a duty on three thousand reams of pa-
per. Mr. Bagbter, the author of the Polyglot Bible in twenty-
four languages, shows that the revision which he is now
giving to his woik as it goes through the press, would, on
the old system, have cost £l,o00 m postage alone, and that
the Bible would not have been printed but lor the penny
postage' . ,
"No one can fully estimate the mighty eflects oi cheap
postage on t he business and morals ol the people of Eng-
land; it is the gieatest advance that has been made in civili-
zation for a century. It has animated the people to corres-
pond with their friends wherever they are scatteied; be-
cause, at a trifling expense, they can carry on a corres-
pondence with all parts of the kingdom; it is a saving of
time as well as money, facilitates business, resuscitates old
friendships, and creates new ones, it is the giand civibzer
and universal educator of the masses.
"The great advantage of universal franking, as penny
postage lias been properly called, is attracting the notice of
the world, and enlightened minds of every nation view it as
the most important and valuable discovery which the 19th
centurv has produced. A celebrated traveller m Great
Britain makes the following remaiks: 'This measure will
be the great historical distinction of the reign of Victoria I.
Every mother in the kingdom, who has children earning
their bread at a distance, lays her head on her pillow at
night with a feeling of gratitude for this blessing. It is the
great and enviable distinction of the late liberal ministiy
that they carried this measure boldly into effect, without
crippling its moral influence by a reduction of a part only
of this tax on the communication of the people This sys-
tem has brought the use and advantage of reduction home
to the common man, for it no longer costs him a day s wa-
ges to communicate with hi  family. This great moral im-
provement is in the condition of the lower classes, extending
the influences of advice, admonition, and family affection
among them. The postage was in reality a tax upon all
these moral influences. The people will educate them*
selves m a single generation for the sake of the advantages
this great measure has bestowed on education.' "
When we look upon freedom of communication
through the mails, either in a moral, sodal, or po-
litical point of view, and contemplate the inestimable
blessings it is destined to bestow upon our country,
how worthy of imitation is the noble example of
most distinguished men of England, when not only
the ground they waik upon, but all the elements of
life, the light of day, are taxed to an almost unbeara-
ble point, who regard the postage tax as the most odi-
ous, the most demoralizing, and the most destructive
of human happiness of any other, and recommend if
possible that some other lie substituted for it, and
that mail matter be permitted to go free? England
has evinced the high moral courage of following this
advice at the risk of the total wreck of her post
office revenue, with the chance that the department
would become an additional burden to an already
over-burdened treasury. The result is known, and
is a most triumphant one, presenting to the world
the first and only instance of a whole people being
made socially and intellectually happy by a free-
dom of communication within the reach of the hum-
blest citizen. With this bright example and suc-
cessful experiment before them so long, th#y had
done nothing, literally nothing, to relieve the country
from a grievance than which no other was ever more
loudly complained of from one end of the land to
the other. With a large proportion of our foreign
imports admitted free, with an overflowing treasury,
and many branches of domestic industry inadequately
protected against foreign competition, would it have
done for them to have continvted to fold their arms,
and do nothing in the way of reducing postage, ,for
fear that, while the new system was being perfected,
the department would require aid at the hands'of
the treasury? He rejoice that they had not done
so. The country called loudly for the reform, and
the people's representatives could in no other way
render them so acceptable a service. He would
have voted for the measure most cheerfully, if he
had been sure the department would be made a per-
manent tax upon the treasury, which he by no
means believed, with a proper adjustment of the
rates of postage, would be the case. ^ The
wisdom of a government is manifested in the
happiness it bestows upon the people; and there
is no happiness so pure, elevating, and improving,
as that derived from social and intellectual enjoy-
ment, (much of which depends upon the ability of
the people to correspond,) from which the poorer
classes, who in every country will always form the
greater portion of the people, are precluded by rea-
son of high postage; and whose happiness is com-
mended by every consideration, human and divine,
to the favorable consideration of their represent-
atives, to whom they have intrusted the
making of the laws. It was his fortune to
hear Mr. O'Connell say, in his usual enthusiastic
manner, when debating the post office bill in the
British Pdrliametit, that he regretted that he had not
a thousand franks & day to bestow upon his unfor-
tunate countrymen, for he knew no way by Which
he could impart so much happiness to them at so
cheap a rate.
If the kindlier promptings of our nature are not
sufficient to spiiit us up to this work of philanthropy
and patriotism, and we are casting about for precept
and example, wo have it in one whose precept and •
example are entitled to a much higher consideration
than that of the most gifted of our degenerate race.
He whose lips were touched with hallowed fire,
and who spake as never man spake, previous to
laying off this tabernacle of clay, and ascending to
the right hand of power on high, commended to .his
followers the favorable consideration of the poor, in-
dicating that, in administering to their happiness,
they would be exercising those virtues, which,
when their earthly pilgrimage was over, would en-
title them to a passport to a holier and happier
home, to those mansions which He went to prepare
for them in'or beyond the sun. There are other
considerations of a political nature which come
nearer home to us as legislators, and which should
commend the matter of post office reform to the
favorable consideration of this House. Our institu-
tions are peculiar ones, based upon public senti-
ment, and are doubtless among the most perfect of
human institutions, adapted to the condition of man
in his perfected state. We stand before the world
in the sub-division of nations, forming the political
Israel, as the tribe of Levi, to whom is intrusted the
guardianship and protection of the ark of liberty.
Universal intelligence and eternal vigilance alone
will enable us to accomplish our destiny, to bear it
aloft with the fires of freedom blazing m- primeval
purity to the heavens, to light the earth. How im-
portant, then, that we husband all the elements of
life? And what element but universal enlightenment
of the people, forms the chief corner stone in the
temple of our political hopes? and what instrument
so calculated to awaken the ambition of the people
to become educated, as the cultivation of the taste
for epistolary correspondence, calling into action
those energies of the mind so necessary to the intel-
ligent discharge of the high and responsible duties of
freemen, in a country where every man is equal,
and the builder and maker of his government.
Our government, Mr. Speaker, is yet in its infan-
cy, and, as it were, an untried experiment; other
republics of high hope have blazed and darkened.
The light which first burst forth upon the plains of
Greece, dispelling the midnight of desj.or.om which
had brooded so long in the East, lighting up the
Italian horizon, and shooting its meteor flashes from
the peaks of the Alps, has sunk away, apparently,
in interminable night. Here, then, upon these con-
secrated shores, the great problem of man's capabil-
ity for self-government is yet to be salved. The chil-
dren of oppression in other, lands, are watching the
workings of our institutions with intense interest;
