252
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
Feb. 1848.
28th Cong.... 2d Sess.
Annexation of Texas—Mr. Colquitt.
Senate;
empire; and may England arid America continue to
pass hand in hand down the track of time, ac-
complishing their mission of patriotism, philanthro-
py, and benevolence, with the spread wings of their
eirdsof commerce whitening every sea, engrafting
thfe genius of their institutions and. their language
upon every land, from frozen zone to zone, upon an
empire upon which the sun wiil never set, until it
emits to rise no more, unveiling the star of redemp-
tion upon earth's utmost verge.
"Hope waits the morning of celestial light;
Time plumes her wings for everlasting flight;
Unchanging seasons have their march begun;
Miltemal years are hastening to the sun."
SPEECH OF MR. COLQUITT,
of georgia.
In tfte Senate, February 20,1845—On the joint resolu-
tions for the annexation of Texas to the United
States.
Mr. President: In the eariy part of the session,
I gave this subject some reflection, for the purpose
of submitting my views to the Senate. But the de-
lay of its consideration until our labors were draw-
ing to a close, with the knowledge that many of the
senators desired to be heard in the debate, had in-
duced me to change my determination, and declinc
altogether doing anything more than cast my vote.
I have, however, from the solicitations of friends,
consented to make a speech, enabling them to make
fuller preparation for its discussion.
I am not presumptuous enough to suppose that,
after all that has been said and written upon this
question, the opinions I entertain, and the senti-
ments to which I propose to give utterance, can ma-
terially add to the weighty considerations which
have already been presented. I shall but discharge
a simple duty to myself and to the people who
have honored me with their confidence. Party
spirit, ambition, local interests, and sectional preju-
dices, have done much to embarrass the judgment,
and prevent the impartial decision of a question up-
on which, so eminently, the peace, safety,"and hap-
piness of the country depend. It is an easy matter
for an honest man to cherish prejudices which will
give an improper bias to his judgment, and still
more easy for him to frame arguments to cover up
their deformity. I cannot promise that I am wholly
free from that class of feelings, that bind me with a
partial and sacred tie to the people of Georgia, and
to the citizens of the South.
Born and raised among them, they have the full
strength of my young and early attachments. En-
couraged, fostered, and honored by them, they have
my heart's warmest glow of respect, gratitude, and
love. But, so far as I shall be enabled to control
the uprisings of indignant feelings which spring up
from the abuse heaped upon the South and her in-
stitutions, I will examine this subject, not merely as
a Georgian, and a southern man, but in the more
expanded character and liberal spirit of an Ameri-
can citizen. Notwithstanding the wanton and reck-
less assaults made upon the character and interests
of the southern portion of the confederacy, I still
desire to cherish the sentiment that our land is a
patrimony of brothers.
The convictions of my judgment are decidedly
favorable to the importance of an early consumma-
tion of this great measure; and I esteem it intimately
connected with the prosperity and permancnce of
our present form of government. Having these
opinions, I shall not despair of its success; nor shall
I be found fishing for mere pretexts to justify its de-
feat.
If there be a want of constitutional powers in
Congress to pass a law which may open the door
for the co-operation and admission of Texas, our
present legislation should cease. But if the consti-
tution presents no barrier, the country and its in-
terests demand immediate action. The Committee
on Foreign Relations base their entire argument on
what they suppose proved by their report—that the
treaty-making power is limited in its Junctions to
those acts which are beyond the reach of any other
constitutional action upon the part of the govern-
ment, and assert that a treaty is the only mode of
making a contract, and that therefore a legislative
act for that purpose is unconstitutional. With due
deference to the committee, I beg leave to dissent
from the premises they lay down, and insist that*
their conclusion is not a sequence from their prem-
ises. In what manner does the committee seek to
establish their first proposition? First, by concur-
ring with Mr. Jefferson, that the treaty-making
power must have some limit, and then by asserting
that limit to be the "execution of an object of an-
other power." I am unable.to appreciate the force
or propriety of this reasoning. I will read from the
report that the views of the committee may not be
• misinterpreted. Speaking of the treaty-making pow-
er, the committee say:
"It v as the just remark of Mr. Jefferson, that if the power
had this extent of range," viz:—"no limit by expression in
the constitution,"—"then we had no constitution; that there
was, indeed, a paper, but a blank one The committee
yield-entire assent to this opinion of Mr. Jefferson, and to
his further doctrine, and that of his school, that if the power
has limits, they must be constituted by the objects of the
powers named in the constitution If this be -so—the doc-
trine sound—then the tieaty-making power can never have
capacity of exertion, unless in the cases in which its aid is
invoked, by some one of the expressed powers, to carry out
the purpose which, being of exterior relation, the powers of
domestic sphere of operation would be unable for that rea-
son to reach, without the aid of this power of exterior op-
eration. The treaty-making power, under this construc-
tion, can never be any other than subsidiary—is never a
power independent in its vocation, however it is so in its
name and its structure. It is the handmaid—waits on the occa-
sions of other powers; and, though in no posture to receive
orders from them, it never yet moves to its exertion save in
subordination to their desires."
That the treaty-making power has limits, and
safe limits, I dg not doubt. That it is limited like
all other granted powers in the constitution, there
can be no question. But by what process of rea-
soning the committee have come to the conclusion
that it is subordinate to other granted powers, and
that this subordination is its limit, I am unable to
conceive. There is no such intimation in the con-
stitution; the power to make treaties derives its ex-
istence from the grants of the constitution, and its
power is extended or limited by those grants. The
powers which may be exercised by Congress are
derived from the same source, and are subject to the
same restrictions. Every law passed by Congress
must be limited by these grants; and the only ad-
missible exercise of power not specially delegated,
is to make those necessary laws which carry out the
granted powers. That incidental legislation, which
may be exercised for the purpose of giving effect to
some granted power, cannot be made to supersede
the grant itself, but must be subservient to it. The
treaty-making power, which is derived from the con-
stitution, created and existing by a specific grant,
may render it necessary for Congress to pass laws
to carry the objects of the grant into full effect; but
the idea is fanciful that this power is to be made a
handmaid of some other granted power, and to be
exercised only by its will. It is an original sub-
stantive power, discharging its functions under the
authority of its grant; to find out what some granted
power desires to do, and cannot do, because it is do-
mestic, and when necessary to call in this exterior
power to accomplish its designs, would require a
learned council of political doctors. These granted
powers have no wishes or desires, but are intended
to give ability to the agents of government to carry
out the public will; and the withholding the people's
representatives from the exercise of powers not
delegated, was to protect the reserved rights of
the States,, and to limit the action of an interested
majority in Congress. As incomprehensible and
inconclusive as is ' the reasoning adopted by the
committee to establish their premises, the conclusion
they draw from their postulate is still more so. They
r-
'Let the proposition be considered as conceded, that the
treaty-making power is never to exert its office but in sub-
servience or execution of an object of another power.
Then the related proposition follows, that there must be a
purpose or object of another power to antecede exterior,
and therefore which it cannot attain except by an auxiliary
function ofthe treaty-making- power."
Again they say:
"if the affair to be acccmplished be exterior, and require
the iuteivention of compact to accomplish it, here with the
treaty-making power is the office, and the sole office to ac-
complish it. No other power has privilege to touch. The
questions are presented, is the affair exterior? Does it re-
quire the exercise of the function of compact for its arrange-
ment? Then here is the province, not more undisputed
than it is exclusive, to act. The power to which all exte-
rior affairs, demanding arrangement by compact, which can
only be effected through arrangement, compact, by bargain
—these implying all of them terms, stipulations, conditions
—the power to which these things are confided by the con-
stitution, how can it be intruded upon lawfully, invaded in
his province, divested of its jurisdiction"*"
If the premises were true, it does not follow that
none but the treaty-making power could make a
contract! So far from it, that the establishment of
the undoubted fact, that Congress can and has made
numerous contracts, would preclude the use of this
"handmaid" altogether. What reason has been as-
signed to show that we cannot, by an act of Con-
gress, make a contract, every way as binding, as
though made by treaty? It is. asserted .that," by the con-
stitution, the treaty-making power can make con-
tracts, and that, therefore, the legislative branch ofthe
government is denied the power. I insist that this con-
clusion is neither sustained by any just reasoning,
nor is it justified by the practice of the government.
I admit, to the fullest extent, that the executive de-
partment of the government, the President and the
Senate, can make contracts by treaty; but I deny
that it follows that this grant of power in any wise
destroys those grants delegated to Congress; and
insist that contracts, equally binding, may be made
by legislation. There were many objections urged
by the States, at the adoption of the constitution, to
yielding the power to make treaties to the President
and Senate, without consultation with the popular
branch of the general assembly. But as it often
happened, that there would necessarily be some
diplomacy in consummating a favorable bargain,
and that secrecy and despatch might be highly
important, the objections were overruled, and the
constitution, with that grant embraced, was
adopted. The 1 only result from this is, that the
constitution empowers the President and Senate,
whenever they may deem it necessary," to make
contracts; which, when made, shall be recognised
and binding as laws. But whenever it can be
done without the intervention of negotiators, the
ordinary mode of passing laws, by which the popu-
lar branch of the legislature is consulted, is the least
objectionable, and most in conformity with the
genius of our government. There is no conflict
between the exercise of these powers The one is
an extraordinary mode of making a law, which shall
be binding on the nation; the other is the ordinary
and more popular method; both of which are recog-
nised by our constitution. Whenever intricate ne-
gotiations, secrecy and despatch are necessary to
the making a contract, important to the nation, our
constitution has wisely prepared such means for its
consummation. But in all other cases, ordinary
legislation is sufficient. A treaty is a compact be-
tween two or more powers, who are able to contract;
but, so far as this government is concerned, such
compact, when made by treaty, must be made by
the President and Senate; but when made other-
wise than by treaty, is nevertheless a compact, but
not a treaty. In our constitution, treaty has a tech-
nical meaning, and can only be made by the execu-
tive department of the government; but contract
or compact has riot a technical meaning, and can be
made by Congress; so that, by our constitution, all
treaties made by the government are contracts, but
all contracts, in the meaning of the constitution, are
not treaties. Every bible is a book, but every book
is not a bible. ,
The honorable senator from Virginia [Mr. Rives]
exhibited a good deal of ability in proving, what no
one has ever denied, that "the power to make trea-
ties belongs exclusively to the executive department
ofthe government." He then "established very sat-
isfactorily to me that every treaty is a contract;
but I beg leave to say, failed wholly in proving that
every contract between independent powers was a
treaty. Since the senator, during -the last session,
made a speech in favor of Texas, and then voted
against the treaty, I have some hope that, having
spoken against the resolutions, we may get his vote
in their favor. I will call his attention to the latter
part of the tenth section of the first article of the
constitution, which reads: "No State shall, without
the consent of Congress, lay any duty of tonnage,
keep troops or ships of war in time of peace, enter
into any agreement or compact with another Slate, or
with a foreign power," &o. Does not the senator
perceive that by an express grant in the constitu-
tion, a contract can be made with a foreign power,
without a treaty? He has based his entire constitu-
tional argument upon the denial of this power, and
has-insisted that the treaty-making power was a
conservative power, because it required the concur-
rence oftwo-thirds of the senators. Yet the framers
of the constitution, never doubting but Congress
could make contracts, have, by the clause I have
just read, enabled a State to make contracts with
foreign powers, by the consent of Congress. All
the gentleman's fine-spun argument thus crumbles
to pieces; and as he is really very anxious to annex
Texas in a constitutional way, may I not hope for
his assistance, and thus verify a couplet in Hudi-
bras: ..
"Thus their actions are contrary.
Just as votes and speeches vary."
1 apprehend that in consequence of its being- the
