Feb. 1845.
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
26S
28th Cong 2d Sess.
Jlnnexation of Texas—Mr. Colquitt.
Senate.
measure, no matter what other pretexts may be of-
fered, are centred in the questions of slavery and
the probable preponderance of sectional power.
Upon these are based those unyielding prejudices
which would sacrifice a nation's glory and a na-
tion's honor for the gratification of fanaticism and
of passion. I am not ignorant that the strength of
thus opposition is increased by those partisans who
apprehend the loss of political power unless they
court and conciliate that class of men, the whole of
whose philanthropy, patriotism, morality, and reli-
gion are centred in negro emancipation. For my own
part, while I wage no war, and inflict no blows upon
that class of my fellow-citizens who feel that their
salvation depends upon the efforts they make to
abolish slavery in the country, I must protest against
the influence of that spirit in our legislative councils.
The frair.ersof the constitution, by whom a bond of
union was formed between the confederated States,
have been justly celebrated by every lover of free
government for their justice, their wisdom, their
patriotism, and their moderation. It was the work
of forbearance, concession, and compromise; and
while this instrument remains the sole rule and
guide of Congress, it matters but little where the
preponderance of power may rest. While the con-
stitution is observed by the representatives of the
people, the majority influence from our federative
system can never materially affect the interests and
rights of those sections whose weakness would
otherwise leave them the prey of lawless and unre-
strained legislation. But if the constitution is to be
disregarded—if rights secured by it are to be de-
spised—if its compromises are to be contemned and
scorned,—then it becomes a subject of vast conse-
quence and importance where the balance of power
shall settle. To prevent the unholy feelings of sel-
fishness, prejudice, and sectional interest, from
breaking down the checks and balances of the con-
stitution, every patriot statesmen should desire, as
fir as it can be done consistently with the advance-
ment of our growing country, to equalize conflicting
interests and powers. As we love our country, we
should endeavor to allay that spirit of jealousy
which now threatens its peace and prosperity. We
boast of our present form of government, and yet
rail out against its structure. We talk much and
loudly of our venerated constitution, and yet, to con-
ciliate fanaticism, treat as a nullity its guaranties!
It is not my purpose to enter into a controversy with
abolitionists upon the abstract question of slavery;
though much can be said for and against the insti-
tution, as connected with politics and religion.
But as a disciple of Christ, I am content, for my
single self, to follow, though it be at a distance, the
divine founder of the church, and "render unto
Ca;sar the things that are Cesar's, and to God the
things that are God's." Iam content not to min-
gle religion with the upbuilding or overthrowing of
any existing form of government, but to apply its
mild precepts to brightening the sceptre of the sov-
ereign, and to consoling the sufferings of the slave.
"Slavery has existed in all times, arid under all sys-
tems of religion, whether true or false." Christian-
ity was founded amid the galling slavery of the
Roman empire, when the master had the power of
life and death over his bondsman. Neither Christ
nor his disciples ever taught rebellion, insurrection,
or resistance to the government and laws. They
preached no crusade agoinst despotism, they burst
open no prison-houses—knocked off no fetters; but
pointing to a future judgment, and an eternal world,
the oppressor trembled, the wrongfully imprisoned
hymned songs of praise to God, and the down-trod-
den captive was taught to live in obedience to ex-
isting laws, looking for his redemption and reward
in that land "whore the wicked cease to trouble, and
the weary are at rest." Philanthropy is but a single
thread m the mighty web of Christian graces and vir-
tues; it is but a single drop m that vast ocean of love,
that emanates from the bosom of God ; it is but
a single fold in that broad mantle of charity with
which Christianity would cover the nakedness of the
world; and he who suffers himself to be absorbed in
the one feeling, no matter how honest, renders him-
self ridiculous and wicked. Religious bigots, whose
holiness and zeal surpass the purity and self-sac-
rificing devotion of apostles and patriarchs, may
rend the church of God, and destroy the bulwarks
of that constitution which secures to them their
religious rights; as for myself, I am content, if per-
mitted, to live in peace, and throw the soft and kind
influences of religion over all kinds of government
all conditions of society, and all classes of men. I
have no fear of the success of the great principles
of our holy religion, unless clogged and retarded by
mingling the spirit of the church with politics and
laws. The history of the church, and of the world,
show that the ark of the Lard was never taken cap-
tive, but when defended by secular means. With-
out discussing, therefore, the question of slavery, 1
invoke senators to remember that we have a gov-
ernment, a constitution, and laws, which, as
christians, statesmen, and men, it is our sworn
duty to sustain and defend. Whenever, as legis-
lators, we are prepared to abandon the compact of
union between the States, which is the only law-
ful guide to our actions here, for the purpose of
conciliating conflicting prejudices and opposing
principles, dangers must thicken around us at
every step. Property is the creature of law; and
whatever species of property has been sanctioned
by the constitution, must be treated by us, in our
legislation, as subject to this paramount claim. In-
stead, therefore, of entering the lists as the champion
of slavery, I take higher ground, and do battle in de-
fence of property and constitutional rights. There
is an end of government when we cease to respect
and hold the right of property inviolable. Every
man, north and south, east and west, no matter
what may be his creed, is interested to have these
rights respected and defended No matter what
opinions gentlemen may entertain upon the subject
of slavery, they must concede that by our funda-
mental law slaves are recognised and treated as
property. The slave owner need form no issue
with abolitionists upon the abstract question of sla-
very, but he is compelled, by every principle of jus-
tice, to defend to the utmost his property under the
constitution. It is his indispensable duty to guard
and protect that property of which he is possessed
under the guaranties of law; which he has inher-
ited through the labor of his father; and which con-
stitutes but a hazardous capital at best. The south-
ern people have not, by any act of theirs, made
slaves property; this was done by others; they
have invested their capital in what the supreme
law of the Union acknowledges to be property,
and which every senator here is bound to hold
sacred and inviolable. No, sir; I will not parley
about the abstract question; but take my
stand upon the ramparts of my country's consti-
tution, in defence of those rights which it
secures, though it be betrayed by pre-
tended friends and beleaguered by a thousand foes.
No matter whether the State governments shall re-
cognise slaves as property or not, this government,
so long as its constitution stands, must so regard it;
and he who does not, in his legislation here, permit
it to stand upon an equality with every other spccies
of property owned by citizens, is a traitor to the
constitution, and deserves a traitor's curse, I should
not care what State, or how many States, by their
separate State action, should emancipate their
negroes, they would but exercise one of their own
rights; but every movement made by this govern-
ment to destroy that species of property in the
States, to lessen its security, or purposely to depre-
ciate its value, is an attack upon the constitution,
and demands for its defence every patriot's arm and
heart. Those gentlemen who are sapping away,
by insidious means, the foundations of the govern-
ment, who are undermining the bulwarks to all our
rights, cannot hope to have any right secured to
themselves by law, but must rely for the defence of
what they call property upon the strength of their
own arms. This must be the end of this fearful
struggle. When th^great palladium of American
rights shall lie a stranded wreck upon the reefs of
passion and prejudice, every citizen will have to
rely for safety upon the great principles of self-
defence and self-pioteution. It must indeed be a
sickly philanthropy that would sacrifice a great
national measure because the constitution throws
a shield around the property of the citizcn. But we
are told that "the. South must make concessions for
the sake of peace and harmony—that we must make
sacrifices, in order to appease the prejudices of our
northern friends!" Has it come to this, that we
must purchase our rights by surrendering them to
the tender mercies of fanaticism—that the country
itself shall not enlarge its borders, increase its re-
sources, magnify its importance, unless the rights
now secuied by government shall be abandoned? I
am apprised that gentlemen do not, in terms, make
these requisitions, but the practical result of the
concessions they ask amounts to this. The first
black line drawn across the country's map, in the
admission of Missouri into the Union, was making
a distinction between property unknown to the con-
stitution, and abridging the rights of those who held
it. You then declared that every man whose capi-
tal did not consist in slaves, might go where he de-
sired, and take with him his property under the pro-
tection of the government and its lawn; but those of
your countrymen, equally honest, and possessed of
property equally protected by your constitution, are
told if they go beyond a particular line, they must
leave, or forfeit that property.
Peace and harmony required this sacrifice upon
the part of the South, and the South made it, ex-
pecting to taste the waters of tranquillity that would
then flow perpetual from the fountain of govern-
ment. But one concession has but made the way
for another, until we are abused, taunted, and insult-
ed in the halls of the American Capitol, and dare
not contend for constitutional rights for fear we may
injure some party leader, or excite prejudices that
may sacrifice an empire. Every southern man now
should see the necessity, and every northern man
who reveres the constitution should feel it, of hay-
ing acted on the old maxim, ilprincipius obsta, veni-
enti occuriite mmbo."
Instead of carrying out the principles of the gov-
ernment which recognise the capacity of the people
to govern themselves, no new territory can be ac-
quired, no new State admitted into the Union, un-
less they submit their rights to the despotism of
opinion to be exercised by abolitionists, or those
who court their favor. I am, for my own part, un-
willing to determine what species of property peo-
ple shall possess, but feel it my duty to leave it to
the exercise of their own sound discretions.
Compromises were made in the framing and rati-
fying of our wise and glorious c nstitution, and no
statesman now should dare compromise the consti-
tution itself. A proposition is made to extend the
area of civil and religious liberty, as it is secured by
our constitution, and the pretended friends of that
sacred instrument rise in opposition, unless the
right of property shall be disregarded, and the prin-
ciple of self-government abandoned.
The senator from Louisiana [Mr, Barrow] paid
a high compliment to the North, and denounced the
apprehensions of the South on the slave question as
the work of little politicians. He denied his belief
that any but a few contemptible individuals of the
North were opposing our southern institutions; that
almost the entire North would spill their blood in
defence of our institutions; and if they would not
he did not rely on the constitution, but on our pow-
er to defend ourselves by war. Mr. President this
language, from a southern senator, fell strangely
upon my ears. I will not betray the South into the
belief that "all's well," when an entire party from
the non-slayeholding States are allying themselves
with abolitionists against annexing Texas to the
Union, or, account of the slave question. Has not
the senator noticed that every petition presented
protesting against this measure, is based upon the
hostility of the petitioners to adding another slave
State to the Union? Does not the .senator know that
a manifesto was published, signed by some twenty
members of Congress, headed with the name of an
old man who has held the highest office in the gift
of the American people, arousing the ami-slavery
feeling to resistance and disunion? Does he not
know that the very senators to whom he listens
with so much delight, while they urge on this floor
their constitutional objections to annexation, were
during the past summer, invoking the "liberty men"
to oppose it as a slave question? "No other slave
State shall be added to the Union," was the cry*
ana yet the honorable senator from Louisiana asks
his constituents to take them in fraternal embrace
and honor them as men who are ready to die in de-
fence of their property.
Sir, it is my habit to speak in the plainness of
truth, and I will not deceive the South to conciliate
any man or any party. The senator's last resort
for protection is a fight. I confess that, if it comes
to this, he would make a good commander, and a
bold fight against those worthy friends who prate
about the constitution here and preach abolition at
home. For my own part, as I belong to the peace
establishment, f hope to avoid a fight; and under no
circumstances should I like to battle with a fanatic,
who would feel it a happy privilege to be killed, fhat
his blood might atone for his crimes. The truth
must be told, and the South must know that her in-
terests and the interests of the nation are to be made
a sacrifice upon the unholy altar of ambition
and fanaticism. We have relied upon the guar-
anties of the constitution, and the patriotism of
the sister States^ until abolitionism., aid§d by
