256
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
28th Cong—2d Sess.
Army Appropriation Bill—Mr. Stiles.
Feb. 1845.
H. of Reps.
party aspirations, is now daring and inviting a
contest, for which the blood of thousands and
tears of millions could make no atonement. The
southern people well know, if Texas be rejected,
that the main cause of its defeat will be hostili-
ty to southern institutions. Let this manifestation
be made—let Texas be rejected—and I shall be
mistaken if you do not find an amalgamation of
all parties there, encircling their hearth-stone's in
common cause, prepared to defend their rights
against treacherous friends or more open foes.
While they have hope that the friends of the con-
stitution and free government North can stay the
tide that beats so fearfully upon its pillars, the South
will feel it a sacred duty to stand by these cham-
pions,and endure with fortitude the threatening strife.
But when that hope is gone—when political martyr-
dom and sacrifice are the reward for their fidelity—
then will the whole South, with multiplied wrongs
sitting heavy on her heart, take the necessary steps
for safety and defence.
Shall the slavery question, which was settled over
fifty years ago, when the constitution wag adopted,
prevent the acquisition of Texas? Will the re-
jection of this measure diminish the number of
bondsmen, or ameliorate their condition? Not an-
other is added to the list of slavery, but you the
more successfully prevent its increase. The nar-
rower the bounds in which you limit slavery with-
out diminishing its numbers, the worse the condi-
tion of the negro, and the more rigorous his discip-
line. Every effort made to prevent the secure en-
joyment of this species of property forges addition-
al fetters for the slave, and restricts his pleasures.
Every well-informed abolitionist, who sympathizes
with slavery, ought to desire it diffused over a
more extended area, not increased in numbers. They
ought to desire to quiet the fears of their owners,
that tlieir intellectual and moral condition might
be improved, and their privileges extended. It is
folly, it is worse than folly, it is madness, to cir-
cumscribe, within narrow limits, the present slave
population of the country, in order to force emanci-
pation. Owners may not feel enabled to feed and
clothe as well as though they were less crowded;
they may not be enabled to afford them as much op-
portunity for pastime and pleasure, as if their profits
were larger; but it would not effect emancipation.
Men possessed of genuine philanthropy, and who
are in earnest in the tears they shed on account of
the suffering slaves, ought to be most earnest in
their desires to acquire Texas, as the very heat
means of ameliorating their condition.
The senator from Louisiana [Mr. Barrow] has
undertaken to prove that the acquisition of Texas
will ruin Louisiana. 1 have never been more sur-
prised than at his attempt to show that although the
lands of Texas will b6 cultivated in sugar and cotton,
whether it be annexed to the United States or not,
that the tariff will save the people of Louisiana from
prostration i f Texas remain a foreign State. This
is surely, if true, a very selfish argument, and not
very flattering to the character of a statesman. If
carried out properly, the honorable senator might
prove, after a little, that he ought to be the only su-
gar planter in Louisiana, and that the nation would
suffer unless he obtained a high price for his pro-
duct.
I will not permit myself to be drawn into a serious
argument about dollars and cents, when a great na-
tional measure in under discussion. Whether my
land would be a little more or a little less valuable,
whether it would facilitate or retard its sale, are con-
siderations too selfish to justify hostility to anyimpor-
tant measure. An argument addressed to the meaner
passions of tiie human heart, teaching the citizen to
mould his patriotism into dimes, and estimate its value
by then- weight, does not deserve the consideration of
those sons whose fathers periled life, fortune, and hon-
or. to secure freedom and independence. But fortu-
nately no citizen is called to make a personal sacri-
fice by admitting Texas into the Union. Those
cotton and sugar lands which are in the limits of
Texas will not be the less productive for being in or
out of the Union. They will be settled, they will
be cultivated, their products will come m competi-
tion with the same class of products in the United
States, though Texas should never form a member
of the confederacy. Their lands and products will
be in the market, no matter what power may legis-
late for their people. The only question is, shall
their regulations be the same as our own, and their
wealth swell our national resources, or shall the
country be peopled and settled by others, and other
governments profit by its growing importance? You
may reject Texas, but you cannot thereby getrid of
the competition that her fertile soil will afford.
I would ask the honorable senator to elevate him-
self as a statesman, to a point from which he can
-view the wide circle of our growing country; con-
sider its origin, and mark its rapid progression in
population, prosperity, and power. Cities, villages,
and towns are now seen, thriving and prosperous,
where, a few years since, the wolf and wild-cat
found their safe and solitary retreats. The forest
has retired before the onward march of civilization.
The hills are crowned with orchards, the valleys
wave with harvests; while railroads, canals, and
navigable streams, are laden with the products of
labor and industry. Prom a mere handful of per-
secuted emigrants, we have a country numbering
twenty millions of people. The mighty tide of emi-
gration, constantly swelling by increasing numbers,
is now beating restlessly the base of the Rocky
mountains. Will the statesman close his eyes to
the condition of the country for a century to come,
and adopt the time-serving policy of an hour, by re-
fusing a valuable heritage to posterity, for fear it
may diminish the price of a pound of sugar, and
clog the sale of a quart of molasses? Such an argu-
ment cannot have a feather's weight in the minds
of the intelligent and patriotic of Louisiana, who
will look to the interests of their children, the wel-
fare of posterity, and the strength, power, and gioiy
of their country. Cheap and fertile lands, where the
poor may find comfortable homes, and cultivate the
arts of peace, cannot be made an argument against
the acquisition ofTexas, but, duly considered, magni-
fies its national importance. The senator from
Louisiana [Mr. Barrow] has satisfied us of his
disregard to the opinions, wishes, and will of his
State. He seems to fancy that an obstinate ad-
herence to his own will, in defiance of public
sentiment, is an evidence of independence, and
firmness, which will entitle him to receive our ad-
miration. For my own part, I shall neither laud
nor sympathize with any man who becomes a wil-
ling sacrifice upon the altar of his own self-conceit.
We are but the agents, through whom the people
govern themselves; and it can never be a proud and
enviable office for a representative to brand the peo-
ple who have honored him, and imagine that he
gives evidence of his superiority by treating the in-
telligence of his constituents with contempt. But,
sir, the most remarkable of all that the intelligent
senator has said, was his unnecessary and ill-timed
assault upon General Jackson. The honorable sen-
ator from New Hampshire [Mr. Woodbury] had
alluded to the interest taken m this great question
by the old soldier, patriot, and statesman, and
urged its accomplishment at an early day, that
this additional consolation might be afforded him,
before he passed to that "bourne from which no
traveller returns." This allusion has not only
been deemed a sufficient reason to charge the
senator from New Hampshire with a want of
self-respect, and a contempt for the Senate, but
as a justification for representing Gen. Jackson as
a poisonous tree, whose roots defiled the earth,
and whose branches spread disease and contami-
nation through the body politic.. I had not sup-
posed that there lived, through the length and
breadth of this land, one man who indulged such
malevolence towards the tottering, declining,
dying patriot. After having devoted a long life, ill
the camp and m the cabinet, to public service—
when he stands on life's last plank—on the grave's
crumbling verge, breathing the inspirations of eter-
nity, the best feelings of his neart still clustering
around the altars of that country to whose service
his life has been devoted, he dares speak to her
counsellors in accents of remonstrance and love;
and/or this the senalorfromLouisianadenouno.es
his admonitions as pestihntal and poisonous. Is there
another living man, no matter how hitter his en-
mity may have been in younger life, whose feelings
have not been mellowed into kindness, who is not
willing to forgive and forget the strifes and rivalries
of ambition, and strew flowers around the opening
tomb of the dying hero and statesman? With him
the whisperings of earthly glory are hushed, and
even an enemy might forget his errors, and pay a
tribute of respect to his virtues! Above all, the
senator who represents that proud city whose foun-
dation-stones drank the old soldier's willing blood
shed in her defence, should not, in the American
Senate, and in the face of the American people,
have so far forgotten himself, and the people who
have honored him, as to have spit his gall upon the
character and feelings of their preserver and defend-
er. General Jackson, however, will not find it ne-
cessary to extract an epitaph or covet praise from
his revilers; for his memory will live forever in the
hearts of his countrymen.
, I will now leave the senator to enjoy what con-
solation he may with his own conscience, and to set-
tle his accounts as he best can with his own virtuous
constituents.
It will not only be a cause of joy to General Jack-
son to witness the annexation of Texas to the
Union, but to thousands of others, whose hearts,
like his, joy in the wealth, power, and glory of the
country. Let us at once,' by decisive action, secure
the half-alienated affection? and confidence of this
infant republic.
We have now the oppnrtunity of securing a heri-
tage for which posterity will honor and bless us—a
country possessed of a genial climate, and capable
of enrichingits citizens by the variety of its produc-
tions. The San Saba mountains, with their gold
and silver mines—the ever-green savannahs, with
their flocks, and the rich alluvial cotton and sugar
lands, free from swamp and marsh, upon the coast,
may now be ours—a country traversed with pure,
clear, and navigable streams, with timber and live-
oak forests, all which promise a rich recompense for
industry and skill. Shall we share the proffered
boon and bid the laborer go and build his altar,
dedicated to industry and to peace? Under the
protection of our laws, shall the sails of our com-
merce whiteh her bays? Shall the products of
our manufacturers find anchorage and a market
in her ports? Shall the labor of our mechanics
build their towns and cities, and our arts and
sciences find there a larger and wider scope for
culture and display? How important is this ac-
quisition to the West—how deeply interesting to
the great valley of the Mississippi! Who can
count th'e innumerable benefits and blessings that
will flow into the bosom of our growing population
in half a century? How important to people our
continent with kindred spirits, who worship at the
same altars of freedom and religion—to press far-
ther and farther the territory upon which a hostile
foot can tread, and to secure forever natural ram-
parts that would guaranty the nation's safety and
peace. But, sir, devoted as I am to my own coun-
try, I am not so selfish but that I feel a deep and
abiding interest in the destiny of the people of
Texas.
Ah, sir, I know no difference; the people of Texas
are our countrymen; they have been reared in our
midst; many of them have been the companions of
our childhood, and the trusty friends of riper years.
They have fed around the same board, played in
infancy around the same knees, caught the lessons
of patriotism from the same lips, and their hearts
have been fired by the same love of freedom and in-
dependence. Texas is not a foreign country, but a
dissevered member from our own confederacy. Her
people are not strangers; they have helped to defend
our own soil, and bear upon their persons the scarti
received in sustaining the ''stripes and stars" of our
own country. Bid them welcome, as brethren, to
share with us a common heritage; and by passing
the resolutions on your tab'e, paint another star on
our flag, under the wings of that proud bird which
is the emblem of the nation's glory. 1 have too
much confidence in the Senate to despair of success,
and will close my remarks by tendering to you, sir,
and to this body, my sincere thanks for the polite
attention that has been shown me in the debate.
SPEECH OF MR. WM. H. STILES,
OP GEORGIA.
In House of Representatives, February 28, 1844—>
On amendments offered by him to the bill mak-
ing appropriations for the support of the army.
Mr. Chairman: If the message of each successive
chief magistrate of our country, urging a general
system of national defence—if the special recom-
mendations of the executive—from the "Father of
his country" to the last occupant of the presidential
chair—could influence the legislation of the nation,
we would not, at this late day, be found pressing
on this floor, in accordance with the suggestions in
the last report of the Secretary of War to this
House, the still later report of the Military Com-
mittee; we would not now be found, I say, pressing
the adoption of a measure, sustained by reason, and
demanded alike by the sad experience of the past
and the hopes and the fears of the future. Wnilst
a state of peace would best comport with the char-
acter of our age and country, the period has not yet
