Feb. 1845.
APPENDIX to THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
287
28th Cong 2d Sess.
Jlrmy Appropriation Bill—Mr.
Stiles.
H. of Reps.
arrived, if it ever should, when we can free ourselves
from the apprehensions of war; when this ''choice
of evils" may not at any time devolve upon us, from
actual hostilities or aggravated injustice, and when
it will always be justifiable, if in the maintenance of
rights which our inability to sv-suun by other means
has rendered neccssary.
In the firs', annual message, General Washington,
as every one recollect#, states to Congress that "to
be prepared for war is one of the most effectual
meanc of preserving pcace;" and all experience con-
firms the position, that being in a state of prepara-
tion is a most powerful dissuasive against aggres-
sion. It becomes us, then, as the legislators of a
most enlightened and prudent nation, to neglect no
longer the imperious duty of placing our country in
a situation to assert her rights, whenever resort to
force shall become imperative.
In che investigation of this subject with a view
to our proper action, three inquiries present them-
selves, and upon their determination will rest the
propriety or impropriety of the measure.
X. I1? ordnance necessary for national defence?
2. If so, is our country at present adequately pro-
vided?
3. If not, what is the best mode of obtaining a
supply?
1. Then is ordnance necessary for national defence?
The importance of ordnance as a means of nation-
al defen:e, it will surely not be necessary for me to
urge at this time, and particularly before this body.
When, by the legislation of Congress, upwards of
25 millions of dollars have been appropriated in the
construction of fortifications throughout our coun-
try for its defence—when whose fortifications, with-
out the provision of ordnance, would be as inefficient
for the purpose of their construction as the naked
r^ck or the barren beach on which they are located,
(and, indeed, when they might be taken possession
of by an enemy, filled from their overflowing re-
sources of ordnance and converted into the engines
of our own destruction,)—it will clearly be a useless
consumption of the important time of this House to
enlarge upon the indispensable necessity of this
means of national defence. Since the discovery of
cannon, the success of armies and of navies has
mainly depended upon skill ina'he use and superi-
ority in the possession of ordnance. "Whether upon
the ocean or the land, the future struggle for victo-
ry between and our enemies will be with cannon.
It would not be more absurd to throw away all the
advantages resulting from the discovery , f gunpow-
der, and £0 back to the lance, sword, and shield of
the knight, than to attempt towage war either-offen-
sively or defensively, at this time without ordnance.
Whether we are attacked by descents from ships along
our coast, or the invasion of armies across our fron-
tiers, upon the cannon of our ships, steam-batteries,
and forts, must we depend as the right arm of our de-
fence; and an adequate supply of such means of pro-
tection must constitute the best security against
the invasion of our soil, the dishonor of our flag,
and the enslavement of our people.
If, then, we are convinced of the necessity of ord
nance as a means for defence, the next question
which presents itself is,
2. Is our country at present adequately provided?
What is the situation of our country as regards
this important means of national defence? At^the
commencement of our revolutionary struggle, the
people of the country were almost entirely destitute
of what mi^ht properly be railed arms; hut in vindi-
cation of their rights they rusih'd to the plains of
Lexington, the I.rMjht* of Bui-k^i V- HiP, and to all
tiie field.? of ti> 'v v<>hitiCi-i, '>rmfd with iowiing
pieces, instruments of «;porf, and oftentimes with the
mere implements of hushandt y.
In the supply of oidoaiice thry were still more
destitute. This deficiency m ho important an ele-
ment of warlike preparation "was at once perceived
by Congress, and by a special vote of that body in
1776, 584 pieces of ordnance were ordered to be pro-
cured. These were almost entirely field pieces, less
than 70 of the whole number being suitable for seige
purposes, end none of them for the armament of
permanent fortifications. This supply was doubt-
less much increased by the stores brought over bv
the French army, and by capture from the enemv;
for the men ef that day even, could not have
achieved their independence without some provi-
sion of so essential an arm. Yet, from a return
made by General Knox, Secretary of War, dated
December 14, 1793, it appears that the quantity of
ordnance then possessed by the United States,
amounted only to 527 pieces—267 iron, and 260
[17]
brass. Such was our destitute situation in regard
to ordnance during the revolutionary war. What
was it during the last war? It appears from a report
of the superintendent of military stores, dated Nov.
1, 1811, that there were on hand, at that time, 46-
pieces of brass ordnance of all kinds, and 1,876
pieces of iron ordnance—in all, 2,338; and this may
be taken as about the quantity at the commencement
of the last war. The next report, made up to 31st
December, 1818, includes 2,817 pieces of all kinds,
field, seige, and garrison. The quantity of ord-
nance then in possession of the United States, during
the revolutionary war, was about 500 pieees, and
during the war of 1812 and 1814, may be put
down at 2,500 pieces.
What is the present state of our country as re-
gards the possession of ordnance? By the tabular
statement which accompanied the report of the Sec-
retary of War in 1838, it appears that "1,178 guns
will be required for new forts completed; 2,573 will
be required for forts under construction; 782 for
forts rebuilding and repairing; 3,506 for works pro-
jected by the board of engineers, but which are not
yet commenced; and 5,282 for the prominent points
along the sea frontier, which will require protec-
tion; amounting altogether to 13,321 pieces of ord-
nance, exclusive of what is required for the naval
service, artillery, and field trains."
By this report it will be seen that the whole num-
ber of battering cannon in the fortifications is 935,
in depot 1,219, and at this time contracted for 150—■
making an aggregate of 2,304, leaving no less than
11,017 to be provided for the purposes specified by
the Secretary of War. The number of shot re-
quired, allowing 250 per gun, is 3,330,250, while
the whole of shells and balls m possession of the
government is only 309,309, leaving a deficiency of
3,020,941.
Such is the situation of our land service. What
is the condition of our naval service, as regards the
supply of cannon, the annexed table, obtained from
the Ordnance Bureau of the Navy Department, will
show. (See appendix 1.)
But to be convinced of our deficiency in ordnance,
we have only to contrast our supply with that of
other nations. Compare it with that of our ancient
enemy and present rival, Great Britain, and with
which power, from our intercourse and political re-
lations, we are most likciy to be drawn into colli-
sion. Our land service, as I have shown, consists
of 2,304 guns, and our naval service of 3,072—in all
5,376 pieces of serviceable oulnarice. These in-
clude, of course, the armament of our fortifications.
Sir, Great Britain, throwing her fortifications en-
tirely out of view, has no less than 18,053 in her
naval service, (as her naval register shows,) and
26,048 at her armories and depots—making, in ail,
44,001 of the most superior guns that have ever
been fabricated. Having finished with this compar-
ison, then contrast the different extent of coast each
nation is required to defend.
The extent of our frontier, following the sinuosi-
ties of our coasts and the meanders of our rivers, is
estimated at over 12,000 miles. •
That of Great Britain I have not been able exactly
to ascertain; but it must dwindle into insignificance
in the comparison.
At any rate, the front which we expose to her,
from the Passamaquoddy to the Sabine, is an extent
of near 3,000 miles; and from "Johnny Groat's to
Land's End"—the entire length of her island—does
not probably exceed 600 miles. So that, whilst
Great Britain is provided with eight timfs the
amount of cannon of which we are possessed, she
has not more than one-iiith tiie extent of coast to
defend.
If, then, v/e are convinced of the indispensable ne-
cessity of ordnance as a means of national defence,
and if we are satisfied of the destitute condition ot'
our country in this important element, the only
question which remains is, what is the best mode of
obtaining a supply? The objects (says General
Scott in his letter to the special committee appoint-
ed but a few sessions since on this subject) to be
considered in obtaining ordnance for national pur-
"ospk, on;—
1. t'erfeetion of model.
2. Excellence of metal.
3. Perfection in mechanical execution.
4. Certainty of supply.
5. Cheapness.
The question is, will these objects be best attained
by national or private foundries?
1 Then as to perfection of model.
Under the present contract system with private
foundries, perfection of model is not a consideration
which occupies, in the slightest degree, the attention
of the contractors. Perfection can only be attained
by men of skill and science, after a long series of
experiments; and, whilst private contractors are ill
general not men of skill and science, it is no leas
true that they will never engage in long series of
experiments, when they have no interest in improve-
ment, and are not, by the terms of the contract, war-
ranted in such expenditure.
All that is at present required of contractors ;s,
that the cannon shall be made agreeably to the pre-
scribed forms and dimensions; and these prescribed
forms and dimensions vary, from time to time, ac<-
cording to the peculiar views of the different officers
in command, and thus defeating uniformity in ar-
tillery, a point so essential, and which it is one of
the principal objects of a national foundry to attain.
It, is obviously impossible, under the present sys-
tem, to arrive at any perfection in model, since no
effort, with that view, is ever made. In fact, by the
terms of the contract, they are absolutely prohibited
from making any improvement; they are invested,
with no discretion; they are not allowed to produce
what they would consider the most perfect, but are
compelled to furnish "the cannon after prescribed
models. And even were they vested with discre-
tion, the uncertain and limited supply required
would not warrant their engaging in experiments,
by which means they alone could arrive at perfec-
tion.
One of the principal advantages, therefore, of na-
tional over private foundries would be, that in the
former all those experiments could be conducted,
the most skilful artisans employed, and the result,
whether it reached or approximated to perfection,
would be a more improved model, by which the
work of the private contractors could be ordered
and regulated.
2. Excellence of metal.
It is a fact which no one will contest, that this
country, in its vast resources, furnishes as great a
variety, abundance, and excellence of ores, as is
found in any part of the known world—an asser-
tion which derives confirmation, if confirmation be
necessary, from the report of the board of distin-
guished officers who last year investigated the ex-
plosion on board the Princeton. Whilst here, al-
most here alone is it, that we are harassed by
dreadful explosions. Look at the circumstance
that scarcely a newspaper is published—surely not
a season passes—that does not bear the tidings of
the bursting of some boiler or gun ! And why is
it that such occurrences are comparatively unknown
in Europe? How can the facts of such disasters
here be reconciled with our possession of the best
of ores, except by the admission of their superior
skill and experience in working metals?
By how many lessons of sad experience are we to
be taught wisdom in this regard?
Look at that incident in our naval history, that du-
ring the last war it is said that almost as many of
our men perished by the bursting of our own can-
non as fell befere those of the enemy. And can the
evils of such a disaster be calculated? Nothing else
did, nothing else could, it was said, strike terror into
the hearts of our gallant tars, but the bursting of
their own cannon; and it is natural it should be so.
How could men, under such circumstances, be ex-
pected to fight, when under momentary apprehen-
sions of death, not only from the shot of the enemy,
but from the explosion of their own guns? With what
heart could they load,when harassed bythe reflection,
that the charge which they had rammed was destined,
not for the 11:1111y of the enemy, but for the destruo
tion of themselves' Can the evils of such a disas-
ter, I tepeal, be calculated? It is not, the injury to
the vessel—though by it she might be disabled; it is
not the dcstiuction of the men—though their loss
coeild not he repaired; but it is the loss of a battle—
the injury to our fieg; it is the stain upon our nation-
al escutche.>,i. When, in the late war, a cannon on
board the President burst—blowing up the forecas-
tle dec!', preventing the guns on that side from be-
ing used for some "time, killing o-d wounding six-
teen men, (among the latter, the commander,)—a
victory was cleaiiy lost. Had it not been tor that
accident, the Belvidera would have added to the tro-
phies of Ameiiean valor. Look to the action in the
Mediterranean between the Guerriere and an Alge-
rine frigate, and when, by the occurrence of a simi-
lar disaster, Com. Decatur lost his prize, and nearly
lost his vessel. Mark that, engagement on L . ke On-
tario, when Commodore Chauncey had taken one
of the enemy's vessels, and was on the eve of ca^
