Feb. 1845.
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
259
28th Cong 2d Sess.
Jinny Jlppropriation Bill—Mr. Stiles.
H. of Reps.
be pfaccd beyond the reach and control of govern-
merit, and during a war, or upon some sudden
emergency, it might happen, that the secret agents
of an enemy might obtain the control or ownership
of them, and then close them against the govern-
ment itself. This, it is true, is improbable; but the
bare possibility of such an occurrence is all suffi-
cient, of itself, to elicit the prompt and serious at-
tention of Congress to this important subject.
5. Cheapness.
This object, though important, is inferior to either
of those already discussed. Although prudence and
economy are commendable, there is no one who
would prefer a cheap gun, simply because it was
cheap, without regard to the materials of which it
was composed, and the manner in which it
was made. The article under consideration is an
instrument of death; the object of its fabrication
the destruction of an enemy: an effort at cheapness
might convert that instrument, designed for the de-
struction of an enemy into one calculated for the
destination of ourselves; the "trifling pittance" ne-
cessary to change the character of this instrument
from one calculated for the injury oi our ourselves to
that calculated for the injury of an enemy, sure-
ly will never be regarded by those who may give to
the matter the slightest fonsideration. But even
upon the score of cheapness, I contend that the ad-
vantage is m favor of national foundries.
Private foundaries have been in existence from
the commencement of the government to the present
time; would they have continued thus long m oper-
ation had it been a losing business? But it may be
argued that the contract system is more economical,
because the loss upon the rejection or bursting of
cannon falls on the contractor. The answer is, that
the price paid must have always covered the contin-
gent loss, or it would have been too ruinous a busi-
ness to have been sustained. The fact that they
have been continued so long may be taken as con-
clusive that the business has been profitable; if this
be the case, it should be borne in mind, that the
profits of the contractor are what m a government
foundry would be the swings of the nation, and if
the agents do their duty, such will be the , result.
There is m the army a mass of talent and intelli-
gence, a great portion of which, in the time of peace,
is nearly lost to the country, for a want of opportu-
nities for its useful application. Besides, the gov-
ernment never having made any cannon on its own
account, or been at all engaged in the fabrication of
ordnance, its agents must be totally unacquainted
with the value of such work; but by having an es-
tablishment of ns own, they will soon be enabled to
determine whether they have been hitherto over-
charged or nor.
Independent of the experience we have upon the
subject m the reduction produced in the cost of
small arms, by the establishment of national armo-
ries, it would seem reasonable that the erection of
government foundries must tend in like manner to
reduce the prices of ordnance, as thus they would
prevent the government—the only purchasers of
ordnance, from being imposed upon by private indi-
viduals owning foundries and dictating their own
terms.
Thus does the examination of all these objects
which, as Gen. Scott thinks, aie alone to be consid-
ered in procuring ordnance ior national purposes
show, that beyond a doubt they can be best attained
by the establishment of national foundries.
But besides the advantage's arising from the es-
tablishment of a national foundry m the fabrication
of ordnance, the-'e .tie other objects and considera-
tions which dein<)ii,stKUe its nn} oi iance. To meet
the changes in naval warfare which must inevitably
follow the improvements which are daily maknigm
the application of ste^m, as a motive power, co
vessels, but especially to provide for the defence of
our own coasts and harbors, a large supply of en-
gines, boilers, and machinery, have to be obtained,
which can be effected in no way more successfully
and economically, than by means of a national
foundry. In short, all the arguments in favor of
public yards for ihe construction of ships, and ar-
mories for the manufacture of small anns, may be
urged with additional force in favor of a public
foundry for the casting of cannon; but time will not
permit me to enlarge.
If, then, we are satisfied as to the necessity of
ordnance, and that national foundries should be es-
tablished for their supply, the only question which
remains is that of
Location.—In accordance with the suggestion of
General Washington as to the establishment of na-
tional armories—a suggestion, the propriety of
which every day's experience since has only tended
to strengthen—the amendment under consideration
proposes two national foundries, the one in the
North, the other in the South. This plan—adopted in
accordance with the bill reported by a special com-
mittee during the last session, and recently approved
of and recommended by the Commitee on Military
Affairs—would seem the most judicious, as well for
the trial of the different ores of the country, for
convenience of supply to the fortifications and de-
pots, and as the most equitable distribution of such
advantages as might accrue to the different sections
of country in which they are proposed to be located.
The sites settled on by the bill alluded to, and the
amendment proposed for the location of the foun-
dries, seem to combine all the advantages which
could be devised for such institutions, and the best
which probably could have been selected for the
purpose. That m Pennsylvania, with which I do
not profess to be familiar, is located in the iron and
coal region of that State, with easy access by canal
to the cities of New York and Philadelphia, and
consequently the whole North Atlantic coast; it is
probably as fit a selection as could have been made
at the North. That in Georgia, whilst it is sup-
posed to be the richest and most accessible bed of
ore south of the Potomac, combines every advan-
tage which *)uld possibly be desired for a foundry.
1. Semrity in time of war.
It will be sufficient on this point to say, that it is
proposed to be situated in the mountain region of
Georgia, about three hundred miles from the coast,
in the midst of a dense population. It will ever re-
main inapproachable to the art or the courage of an
enemy.
2. Centrality and communication for^ the supply of
Ordnance.
The shoals of the Etowah are almost equidistant
between the Atlantic and the Mississippi river, and
not a much greater distance from the Gulf of Mex-
ico.
To the former, it is accessible at two points. By
the Western and Atlantic railroad, which passes
near the spot, it is connected, by the Monroe and
Central railroads, with Savannah, Georgia; and by
the Georgia and South Carolina railroads with
Charleston, South Carolina. In an opposite direc-
tion, it is connected, by the Western "and Atlantic
railroads, with the Tennessee river, both at Chatta-
noga and Gunter's Landing, and from which points
an outlet, by the Tennessee river, is afforded with
the whole West, or, by railroad, direct to Memphis,
—the naval depot on the Mississippi—and thence
to Now Orleans.
The site in Georgia is farther connected by the
Coosa and Alabama rivers, in favorable tides, with
Mobile, Pcnsacola, and other gulf ports. In a short
time, the difficulties which exist in the navigation
of the Coosa will be remedied by the completion of
the Selma and Tennessee railroad, extending from
near Will's creek, on the Coosa, to Selma, on the
Alabama river, and designed expressly to avoid the
obstructions in the navigation of the Coosa. Cer-
tainly no point south of the Potomac can be named
possessing the other advantages requisite for a foun-
dry, which is so well situated, in point of centrality
of position and facilities of communication, for the
distribution of ordnance.
Necessary materials.
Iron.—There is in the vicinity of the spot de-
signed to be improved such a quantity of ore—to all
appearance mountains of it—that a geologist who
visited this country a few vemx --mce, m hi-< i ul>ii-
c.stion r<-snei*tm^ the mineral return of Geoigtu, it-
mai ks of tills spot:
'•'there is iion enough tliere to supply the whole United
States for u cealur)
In regard to its quality, I brought with me, at the
commencement of the session, a box containing
specimens of its varieties, and deposited them with
the Bureau of Ordnance, of the War Department;
and by the letter of Colonel Talent, at the head of
that bureau, to the chairman of Military Affairs of
this House, it appears that they have been exam-
ined, tested, and pronounced equal, at least, to any
iron for the fabrication of ordnance, which has, as
yet, been found in the country. In reference to
their quality, he says:
'•The ores are of the kind called hematite, and appear to
equal those of Salisbury and American w orks, fiom which
our best bar iron and best pig metal foi iion cannon ha\e
been drawn There ran be, 1 believe, no doubt of their
good quality; bat, until they are smelted and v, rouglit on a
large scale, it would be premature to say that they are une-
qualled/'
Water power.—The iron region referred to is im-
mediately on the banks of the Etowah, one of the
tributaries of the Alabama river, which empties, it
will be recollected, into the Gulf ofMexico, at Mo-
bile. The stream is a considerable one, and never
fails at any season of the year; the finest water power
exists at the very spot, occasioned by a fall which
the river there makes of seventy feet in the space
of three or four miles, and, founded as it is on a
granite bottom and granite abutments, ean never
fail.
Coal.—I am informed that there is, perhaps, no
country in which charcoal can be had at a cheaper
rate; the woodlands in the vicinity are covered with
pine timber, which, like the fir-tree of Sweden,
makes the best coal for the fabrication of ordnance,
and can be had from 25 to 75 cents per acre; or coal
can be purchased there at three cents a bushel (of
2,500 inches) delivered. Within a distance of forty
miles, there abounds the greatest quantity of bitu-
minous coal in the Look-out mountain and Walden
ridge, which is at present delivered at the shoals of
the Etowah at §5a ton, and when the improvements
in progress are completed,can be furnished for much
less.
Limestone, an article essential in the working of
metals, abounds there.
All the materials for bnilding can be procured at as
reasonable rates as in any part of our country.
Wages of labor will be found uncommonly low.
Provisions almost as cheap as in any part of the
West; and,
In Health, we consider the region of the country
unsurpassed.
Indesendent of these reasons for the establishment
of a national foundry in the latter site proposed,
there are other considerations of a more general
character which demand its location in Georgia, viz:
because it would be in a section of country which is
the most liable to attack, which is the least defended,
and which has been less favored than any other by
disbursements from the public treasury. It would
be in a section of country most liable to attack. The
Gulf of Mexico—which borders it on one side, di~
viding North and South America, and resembling
the great'sea which separates Europe from Africa,
and, indeed, being naturally and literally the Medi-
terranean of the West—will, it is generally believed,
one day become what its great prototype of the East
formerly was, the arena on which the rival nations
of the earth shall contend for mastery. Besides
this character which awaits the waters in its vicinity,
the coasts which encircle it on either side are already
more conspicuous from their liability to invasion in
the event of war. In confirmation of this opinion, I
mi^ht summon to my support many of the most in-
telligent and scientific officers of the army and navy;
but the opinion of one, and he among the brightest
ornaments of his profession, will doubtless suffice.
Captain Sanders, of the engineers, in his "Memoir
on a System for a common defence of the United
States," says:
"When undertaken for ulterior objects, descents are only
to be apprehended on the part of our coast lying between
Savannah and Fensacola. The configuration of the coast,
the charactcr of the intervening region, its sparseness of
population, the excess of the black race, and the proximity
ol the Bermudas, Bahamas, and Jamaica, presenting such,
prospects of success, will always tempt an active and pow-
erful enemy like England to the enterprise. At all other
points of our coast, we have the mean* ol so speedily con-
centrating a powerful force to repel an attack, that invasion
of them v\ ill ne v t-r st-riously 1 >e contemplated."
A^ain: the location of the foundry would be in a
section which is least defended.
Look at the seaboard from Norfolk along to the
eastward, and behold it studded with forts, castles,
and dockyards, with large naval establishments, and
all the menus of coast drfence; then cast a glance
along the southern coast, and see the scattered and
meagre fortifications which protect those sections
which produce two-thirds of the exports of the coun-
try. Lieutenant Maury, an intelligent officer of
our navy, in his article upon the "Maritime interest:
of the South and West," remarks: "Public docu-
ments and official returns show us in figures that
the seaboard from Norfolk to the St. John has been
protected with harbor defencesat the rate of $11,300
for every mile of coast, while $2,600 a mile ia
ail that these will average for coast and harbor de-
fence from the old North State around to the Sa-
bine."
Again: "From Norfolk on the Chesapeake to
Passamaquoddy in Maine, a distance of 700 miles,
there are not less than six well-appointed navy-
yards, which give constant employment to thou-
