Feb. 1845.
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
261
28th Cong 2d Sess.
Rhode Island Controversy—Mr. Elmer.
H. of Reps.
strike at the very foundation of government. In
the estimation of the majority of the committee,
they are doubtless eminently democratic doctrines;
but with all respect for them, I disclaim them as
anything else than democratic. Instead of estab-
lishing and maintaining the supremacy of a govern-
ment, founded upon the will of the people, and hav-
ing in view "the greatest good of the greatest num-
ber," such "doctrines, like those of the Jacobins of
Prance, who, under the abused name of the people,
ovex'awed and controlled the national assembly,
would end in a despotism. A free government, ca-
pable of preserving well-regulated freedom, can no
more be built up and maintained upon principles of
anarchy, than a house can be made secure whose
foundations are upon shifting sands. The builders
of such a fabric would be only "architects of ruin."
The first and second resolutions before us are but
the enunciation of abstract general principles, in the
main sufficiently correct. It is not a little re-
markable, however, that resolutions intended to
enforce what the authors considered to be, and
what certainly are, the most important principles
of political freedom, should commence by narrowing
the foundation upon which the superstructure is to
stand. The great truth, declared in our declaration
of independence to be self-evident, is, "that all men
are created equal." This truth they have diluted,
for a purpose sufficiently obvious, in to another prop-
osition, in itself true, but not including the whole
truth, "that all free men, when they form the so-
cial compact, are equal.'- I hold, sir, and can never
consent to obscure the great and solemn truth for
which our patriot fathers shed their blood, "that
all men are created equal," and that all men,
as a necessary consequence, are entitled to be free;
politically free and personally free. Slavery, either
political or domestic, is no where, and at no time,
of right; it is always and everywhere a wrong. It
may be proper for me, however, to remark that, al-
though holding these sentiments, I am no abolition-
ist. I do not approve of their avowed principles,
or of much of their conduct. Every right cannot
be established—every wrong cannot be redressed;
and it is very far from being true, that it is every
man's duty to attempt to establish the one or redress
the other, without rega d to consequences. A great
portion of the human race, inclnding a large num-
ber in our ov, n land, are so situated that they can-
not obtain personal freedom without the occurrence
of gieater evils than those to which they are now
subject; and a still greater poition cannot obtain po-
litical freedom, and, if it weie bestowed, could not
profit by it. The compromises of our national con-
stitution ought to be adhered to, m my judgment,
by all parties to it, accoidmg to its letter and its
spirit.
Having set forth certain abstract propositions, the
committee proceed to apply them to the case of
Rhode Island, and call upon us to affirm, by a sol-
emn vote of this body, that the constitution framed
in 1841, commonly called the Dorr constitution,
was rightfully adopted by the people of that State,
and a government duly established by virtue and in
pursuance of its provisions; the acts of which, and
the laws enacted in accordance with which, were
i alid, and to be so regarded and respected. To
this I cannot agree. I am opposed to the principles
upon which the majority of the committee proceed;
and if I were not, I find no competent evidence before
us upon which we can safely decide; and besides,
if the facts were clear and undisputed, it is a ques-
tion that, under existing circumstances, does not be-
long to us to meddle with, and which our decision,
one way or the other, will not settle.
The cncumstances attending the formation of the
constitution and alleged government, affirmed by
the committee to have been rightful, legitimate, anil
binding, are too generally known to require a par-
ticular statement. The voluminous documents pre-
sented to us show, with great minuteness, the vari-
ous proceedings of those claiming to be and to rep-
resent the people, and of the authorities acting under
the charter government of the State, and under the
constitution adopted m 1842, now admitted to have
received the assent of the people, and to be in full
force. It is sufficient to remark, that the charter
government, "the oldest constitutional government
in the world," under the protection of which Mr.
Bancroft informs us truly, in his history, that life
liberty, and property had no where in the world
been safer, existed when Rhode Island was admitted
into the Union, and was thereby recognised as a
republican form of government, such as the nation-
tional constitution guaranties to each State. In the
lapse of time a large portion of the people became dis-
satisfied with restrictions in that charter, which they
deemed, in their altered circumstances, unnecessary
and unjust; and I am far from thinking their complaint
unfounded, although it be true, that the restrictions
to which they were subjected were far less than
those imposed by some of our State constitutions,
still in existence. Various efforts were made to
adopt a new constitution by the consent, and under
the auspices, of the charter government, without
success. At length a portion of the people, by a
spontaneous action, called a convention of delegates
voted for by all who chose to do so, without author-
ity of law, which convention adopted a constitution
or form of government, and submitted it to a volun-
tary vote of the people, to be ascertained and pro-
claimed in modes prescribed by the convention
itself. The result was, that this constitution, thus
framed and voted for, was declared to have been
adopted by a majority of the people of the State; and
in pursuance of its provisions elections were held,
members of two houses of a legislature were chosen,
and other State officers, and Thomas W. 'Dorr re-
ceived a large majority of the votes given for gov-
ernor. These persons attempted to assume the
powers they claimed to have derived from the con-
stitution, and to enact laws, and carry them into
effect. But the functionaries of the charter govern-
ment refused from the first to sanction these pro-
ceedings; and after several unavailing attempts to
form and adopt a constitution, in pursuance of laws
enacted by them, at length passed a law denouncing
punishment against all persons who should under-
take the exercise of any power under color of elec-
tions held otherwise than under the authority of
their laws. Mr. Dorr, on his part, attempted to
carry into effect his alleged powers, and to seize
upon the property of the State by force of arms,
when, if I mistake not, every member of his legis-
lature, and every State officer, publicly resigned, and
refused to co-operate with him. He was signally
defeated in two attempts, and driven from the State.
After being for some time absent, he voluntarily re-
turned, submitted to an arrest and trial, was regu-
larly convicted of treason, and is now suffering pun-
ishment in the penitentiary, under a sentence of
imprisonment for life.
At what precise time, and by what process, the
Dorr constitution superseded the existing govern-
ment, we are not informed, and it would certainly
be difficult to say. Had that government quietly
yielded, and had the new government, with the ac-
quiesence of the people, assumed the exclusive ex-
ercise of the powers of government, it would doubt-
less have become a valid and rightful government.
There would have been a peaceful revolution. But
th re cannot be two State governments in existence
at the same time, and in fact, the old government
never did yiejd up its powers, and was never dis-
placed by force. The committee, however, having
satisfactorily established the doctrine that the people
are supreme, and have a right to make and alter
their government as they think fit—a doctrine I fully
admit—assume it to be a legitimate inference,
that this right can be so exercised, in a case where
no constitutional or legal mode is provided for its
action, as to have the force of a law or constitution,
to which individuals and the regular functionaries
of the government are bound to submit. This in-
ference is what I utterly deny. It is sustained by
no authority, is established by no examples ki the
history of this country or of the world, and is, in
fact, wholly inconsistent with any just view of the
nature of government. It is disproved by the single
fact that no tribunal is established, and, in the na-
ture of things, no tribunal can be established, to de-
cide upon the exercise of the right. It is a right,
sir, which rises above, and itself sits in judgment
upon, all human tribunals. It is a right regulated
by no rules, paramount to all law, and only to be
brought into operation by the exercise of a force
competent for the occasion to silence and render
impotent all ordinary laws and all constitutions.
There being few greater evils in government than
instability and uncertainty, it is an essential element
in every government deserving the name, that it
possess the faculty of using all the force at its com-
mand to protect and preserve itself. This faculty
necessarily includes the power of judging when
and how measures may be peaceably and legally ta-
ken to alter or change its form. Since it is easy for
ill-disposed persons, whose real object is to get rid
of the restraints of wholesome laws., to assume the
object of redressing grievances growing out of the
forms of the government itself, such persons could
not be checked and controlled, unless governments
could regulate every movement really having in
view, or professing to have in view, such an object.
The government may, no doubt, abuse this power,
as they may pervert and abuse any of their powers.
The remedy, when not provided in a constitutional
process of reform, is found, and can no where else
be found, than in a resort to that undefined and un-
definable natural right which remains in the people,
whenever the case demands such an extreme and
dangerous remedy, to resist oppression and wrong—
to that right of ultimate sovereignty which justifies
them, whenever the government they have them-
selves established to promote their own welfare
ceases, either from unfaithfulness, or from its form
proving to be such as renders it, under existing cir-
cumstances, incapable of answering its design, in
taking the power into their own hands, and remod-
eling the government by a revolution.
To insist (as this report in effect does) that this is
a legal and constitutional right, involves a contra-
diction in terms; for how can an act be constitu-
tional or legal which no constitution or law sanc-
tions, but which the law forbids? This is, indeed,
so obvious, that the committee admit, in one part of
the report, that the act of forming a new constitution
was not a legal or a constitutional act. But, in the
face of this admission, the great effort of the report
is to show that by some unexplained, arid, to me,
inconceivable process, it could have a legal and con-
stitutional effect. They strenuously deny that it
was a revolutionary act, which could only succeed
by disarming the existing authorities of their power.
That an act which was illegal and unconstitution-
al, or, if they prefer the phraseology, which was not
legal and not constitutional, could nevertheless ope-
rate, of its own force, to repeal laws and set asida
constitutions, is a discovery, the merit of which be-
longs to those who profess to have made it. The
truth is, thsy confound things, in themselves, and in
all just reasoning, entirely diffeient. Had their ar-
gument been that an illegal or unconstitutional act
might be morally right, and that a revolution was in
this case necessary and justifiable, and those who
engaged in it morally right, and those who opposed
it, whether individuals or rulers, morally wrong,
such an argument would have been intelligible,
whether in the particular case it was successful or
not. An act may he morally right, and therefore
capable of full justification, before God and man,
which is nevertheless in conflict with the law, and.
liable to be constitutionally punished by that law.
Such are all rightful exercises of the ultimate sover-
eign authority of the people, by means of a revolu-
tion, which cannot be, and ought not to be, tram-
melled by forms or rules. Such were the acts of
the patriots of 1776, who, acknowledging "that gov-
ernments long established siiould not be changed
for light and transient causes," urged, as their justifi-
cation before a candid world, "a long train of abuses
and usurpations, pursuing invariably the same ob-
ject, evincing a design to reduce them under abso-
lute despotism," and in support of which, with a
full understanding of all they put in peril, they made
the memorable and sublime declaration, that "with
a firm reliance on the protection of Divine Provi-
dence, we mutually pledge to each other our lives,
our fortunes, and our sacred honor."
That the acts of those who attempted to set aside
the charter government of Rhode Island, so long as
they confined themselves, as the great majority seem
to have done, to peacable proceedings, which at the
time were forbidden by no positive law, may have
been morally right and defensible, I do not under-
take to deny. I pass no judgment upon them, eith-
er way. But what I do deny, is that any of these acts
did, of right, and of their own force, or by any pos-
sibility could, strip the existing government of its
powers. That these acts did-not overthrow that
government, in point of fact—that the attempted
revolution was a signal failure—is now matter of his-
tory. That the acts of Dorr, and those who aided
him in attempting to carry into effect his alleged gov-
ernment, by a resort to arms, without the sanction
and against the will of his own legislature, and after
those who had assumed to be members of that legis-
lature, and all the other officers, had formally re-
signed and refused to co-operate with him, were
morally as well as legally wrong, T cannot hesitate
to declare. These acts were not necessary, upon
his own principles. A civil war, with all its horrors,
is certainly no light business, and is not to be entered
upon at the pleasure of one man. .Nothing but the
interposition of a mericiful Providence, it would seem,
prevented a bloody conflict. Great, however, as
