Jan. 1845.
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
263
28th Cong 2d Sess
Post Office Bill—Mr. Merrick.
Senate.
These constitute a State.
And soveufio- law, that State's collected will,
Cer thrones and globes elate,
Sits empress, crowning good, repressing ill *'
It is because of my warm preference for the most
extended and untrammeled right of suffrage, that I
so strenuously resist what seem to me dangerous
and false principles of constitutional government.
While we remain a law-abiding and order-loving
people, (as I rejoice to believe the great majority of
the nation is,) universal suffrage is practicable arid
safe; and we may cherish the hope that our free in-
stitutions will continue to diffuse their blessings
through the land. But let that spuit of disorder and
misrule which has shown itself in anti-rent, anti-
government and anti-slavery combinations, extend
among the great body of the people and become
common, and let principles be generally adopted
which shake the foundations of all government, and
make it the creature, and subject to the will of the
discontented and the turbulent, and not only will
universal suffrage be found impracticable, but we
may relinquish our hopes, and see this fair fabric of
freedom engulfed in that ruin which has overtaken
the republics of antiquity.
The right of the people to make and to change
their government has been fully admitted. This is
not a right peculiar to the people of the United
States, as the committee seems to think; but it is a
right common to the whole world. In truth the
people of the several States of this Union have
placed it under a peculiar restraint by their voluntary
act, in the adoption of the constitution of the United
States. That constitution expressly provides that
"the United States shall guaianty to every State in
this Union a lepubhcan form of government, and
shall protect cach of them against invasion, and on
application of the legislature, or of the executive,
(when the legislature cannot be convened,) against
domestic violence." In pursuance of this provision,
if the people ofany State should unanimously agree
to submit to a monarchy, it would be the duty of the
general government, for the safety of the other States,
to coerce them to a better choice. On the other hand,
if a revolution cannot be effected without ''domestic
violence," it cannot be effected at all, unless it be
able to resist, not only the power of the State gov-
ernment, but the power also of the Union. The
f> atners of that constitution, and the people when
they adopted it, believed that the existing State gov-
ernments, including that of Rhode Island, were so
free, as that any alteration, by means of a forcible
revolution, was attended with more dangers than it
could produce good; and therefore provided ample
means to put down such an attempt. What it might
become the national rulers to do, m one ot those
cates of extreme necessity which sometimes occur,
it is not necessary to inquire. It is sufficient for me
to say, that 1 cannot agree to the lesolution be-
fore us, which censuies the Piesident for his inter-
feience, so far as it went to protect Rhode Island
from the domestic violence with which its govern-
ment was assailed. Although by no means dis-
posed to defend all his acts, I regard his proceedings
in this business as having been highly commenda-
ble. If, as the resolution suggests, his expressed
willingness to use the power intrusted to him by
the constitution and laws whenever it should be-
come necessary, suppressed the domestic violence
by which it was attempted to assail the State govern-
ment, the result was most auspicious, and it aflords
a new proof of the real strength of our government.
That the President was right in disclaiming the du-
ty oi the power to decide whe her the people of
Rhode Island had sufficient reasons _ to alter their
government by a revolution or otherwise, or wheth-
er the majority of the people had undertaken such a
revolution, or indeed to decide any thing on the sub-
ject, but the bare question whether a case had arisen
where the existing government was m such dan-
ger from domestic yiolence as to requiie his
interposition, seems to me beyond dispute. The
committee argue that domestic violence csnnot^ be
committed against "a defunct government." This
is true; but their failure is, as I trust that I have
dearly shown, m proving that the charter gov-
ernment was defunet. It was not so in point of
fejet, and no tribunal had decided it to be so in
point of legal authmify. The President could
not assume '"what did not and could not appear.
He had no right to constitute himself the tribunal to
decide what the constitution and laws under which
he acted had never submitted to his decision. The
case which occurred in Pennsylvania in 1838 was
totally different from this. In that case the Presi-
dent refused to interfere, upon the express ground
"that the commotion did not appear to arise from
any opposition to the laws, but grew out of a con-
test between different members of the government—
most, if not all of them admitted to be the legal rep-
resentatives of the people, constitutionally elected,
about their relative rights;" and upon the further
ground that it did not appear that there was any vio-
lence which could not be suppressed by the civil
and military authorities of the State.
For the reasons 1 have thus endeavored to state,
I am utterly opposed to the principles involved in
the resolutions before us. But if it were otherwise,
as I have already intimated, 1 could not vote for
them. The evidence produced'to prove that a fair
majority of the people did vote for the constitution
of 1841 is by no means satisfactory. Such an ex-
traordinary process of voting was prescribed by the
convention that 1 should hesitate long before I would
give it the slightest sanction. There were, and, in-
deed, there could be, no legal checks upon the most
indiscriminate reception of all descriptions of votes.
A written vote of a person not present, appearing to
have been written in the presence of a witness, but
not verified, was required to be received and counted
as good; and it appears that no less than five thou-
and of such votes as these were received. Such a
loose mode of voting as this, in a matter so im-
portant, and at a time when excitement was so
prevalent, of itself throws great suspicion over the
whole proceeding. Well might Mr. Atwell, one of
the leading supporters of this constitution, say, as he
did on the floor of the legislature, that he had never
been satisfied that a majority of the people had voted
for it. And well may this House pause before we
undertake to decide upon cx parte evidence, most of
it without any legal authenticity, and in a matter not
properly before us.
As to the last resolution, censuring Judge Pitman
and other citizens of Rhode Island who happened to
hold office under the United States, not for any of-
ficial acts, or for acts done under color of their of-
fices, but simply for their acts as citizens of the
State, I trust it will find few, if any, advocates.
What have we to do with the manner in which they
thought proper to act in their capacity as citizens of
a sovereign State, in matters not affecting or inter-
fering with their duties as officers of this govern-
ment? Their rights and their duties as citizens of
that State are not dependent on us; we have no right
to interfere with them or to express any opinion about
them. Such an interference with State sovereignty,
by the general government, would indeed be of
"evil example, and tend to compromit the govern-
ment of the United States in its relations with the
State of Rhode Island," and would be a most alarm-
ing indication of the disposition of the general gov-
ernment to encroach upon the rights reserved to the
States and to the people.
SPEECH OF MR. MERRICK,
OF MARYLAND,
In Senate, January 27, 1845—On the bill to re-
duce the rates of postage, and to regulate the use
and correct the abuse of the franking privilege.
Mr. President: The bill under consideration is
both important and interesting, and is consequently
attracting scarcely less of public attention than any
other measure which is pending, or which is likely
to be proposed for the action of the present Con-
gress: it will, therefore, be expected, standing in the
position I occupy in relation both to the bill itself
and to that department of the public service propos-
ed to be regulated by it, that I should make at least
a concise exposition of the principles which have
governed m its preparation, and of the means sug-
gested for carrying those principles into practical
operation.
The subject is so very practical in its nature, and
running so much in detail, that it would be difficult,
by any powers of elocution or rhetorical embellish-
ments, even if I were capable of employing them, to
awaken a degree of attention to its consideration be-
yond what is due to it as a grave matter of business
I shall, therefore, make no attempt of the kind, but
will content myself with a simple rehearsal of facts
and reasons; in doing which, I am sure, though the
statements may be somewhat tedious, I shall receive
from the Senate that courteous attention and indul-
gence which is characteristic of the body, provided
1 do not, as I trust I shall not, weary them by pro-
lixity or unnecessary repetition.
1 pass by, as inapplicable here, all general re-
marks upon the great and leading importance of a
Wisely regulated post office system, admitted, as it
is to be one of the greatest instruments in the hands
of modern civilization for the promotion of the vir-
tue, intelligence, and happiness of mankind. There
arc none among thos€ Whom I now address my-
self who can have failed to eofltemplate its advan-
tages in this broad and genera! aspect; none who do
not appreciate its utility in keeping bright the chains
of friendship, kindred, and affection between the
different members of a community who way be dis-
persed over an extended surface, or its value in speed-
ily and certainly communicating wants and wishes
to be relieved or gratified by the interchange of com-
modities between different parts of the same country,-
or between different parts of the world. Neither
have they failed to observe the ease with which it
promotes the ends of religion, science, and morality,
by diffusing through its innumerable rills their rich
treasures to the myriads ofintelligentbeings for whose
benefit they are intended, and whose elevation in the
scale of being is their end and aim. Nor can any
of them have failed to reflect how inestimable is the
value of such an establishment in a government like
ouis, which is spreading, and to spread over an al-
most boundless extent of territory, is based upon
the principles of equal justice and mutual good will,
and is dependent for its support upon an enlightened
public sentiment, and a clear understanding, on the
part of the body of the people, of the positive and
relative rights and duties of man as a member of so-
ciety and as a citizen of a free government. In this
connection it may be said that whoever loves free-
dom, and desires to cherish and spread the princi-
ples of self government, must protect and cherish a
well-regulated post office establishment; for it is to
the republican body politic what the arterial system
is to the natural body—it circulates with regularity,
and in every direction, that knowledge which is as
necessary to feed, invigorate, and keep alive pure
republicanism, as blood is to invigorate and supply
the waste in the human frame, and without which it
cannot exist.
All these topics, so rich as themes for discussion,
and upon which a treatise might be written, I pass
as things familiar to the reflections of honorable sen-
ators', and, therefore, not proper to be dwelt upon
here. They have long been known to all reflecting
men, and were well understood by the framers of
our constitution; and therefore it is we find in that
sacred instrument the grant of exclusive power over
the whole subject to Congress; exclusive, because
Congress alone can exercise powers co-extensive
with the necessary extent of the operations of such
a service, and because unity of control and direction
are essential to its efficiency in all and every quarter
of the country.
Here, then, we find ourselves possessed of plena-
ry and exclusive powers over this whole subject, for
the wise purpose of extending and preserving to the
whole people of the United States all the benefits
and advantages of as complete a system of postal ar-
rangements as we are capable of devising; and pos-
sessing this power on the one hand, and feeling the
obligations of the correlative duty on the other, we
come to the contemplation of the actual condition of
the existing system; and thence may be deduced the
kind and extent of action it becomes us to take.
We find, on looking to the actual state of things, in
the first place, that the revenues of the department,
instead of increasing with the increase of the popula-
tion and wealth of the country, and, of course, its
increasing wants for such service, are and have been
steadily and regularly declining for several years
last past, and still continue to decline. We find,
also, that the laws heretofore enacted to give efficien-
cy and security to its operations, and secure its legit-
imate revenues, have ceased to be effectual, and' no
longer answer the ends for which they were enacted.
We also find that the workings of this system, if
not the system itself, has fallen into disfavor m many
parts of the country, and serious complaints are made
of the rates of postage charged; of the unequal and
unjust operation of laws exempting the govern-
ment correspondence from a fair and equal contribu-
tion towards the support of the service, as well as of
the grant to certain classes of our citizens of the
special privilege to frank or send their correspond-
ence by mail free of postage: and still louder com-
plaints are made of alleged abuses of the franking
privilege. We find, too, as a consequence of the
disfavor with which the workings of the system are
regarded, that, where the existing laws would seem
upon their face to contain effective provisions, they
are reluctantly or not at ajl enforced. Private com-
