264
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
Jan. 1845.
28th Cong 2d Sess.
Post Office Bill—Mr. Merrick.
Senate.
petitors for the performance, and, of course, for the
profits of the service, are springing up upon all the
important and valuable routes, and, under the pub-
lic countenance, are superseding the mails of the
United States, to the great present detriment of the
service, to the injury of the public morals, to the
great- real disadvantage of the very public by whom
they are countenanced and encouraged, and, if not
checked, to the certain ultimate prostration of the
whole post office system. These' are grave and
alarming evils, and demand the most serious and
grave consideration, to be followed by the. most
prompt and effectual remedies. What are these
remedies? Why, plainly and broadly, a thorough re-
form of the system, by relieving it of all just cause
of complaint or dissatisfaction, and an adaptation of
it, and the laws for its government and security, to
that altered state of things which has of late pro-
duced these discordances. ~ But how this reforma-
tion and adaptation is to be reached is the great
practical question to be settled; and here at once we
meet all that diversity of opinion which is incident
to the independent action of divers minds upon the
same subject, and which, though it may seem, and
really does to some extent, embarrass correct action,
is nevertheless salutary in its general effects, and ul-
timately leads to the adoption in most cases of the
wisest course. Many of these contrarient opinions
have been carefully weighed and examined by my-
self and by the members generally of the committee
which reported this bill; and I will now proceed to
state some of them, and the conclusions to which I
have come in reference to them, hoping that it will
not be found altogether unprofitable towards enabling
the Senate to make up its judgment.
I shall not stop to say anything of those opinions
which deny exclusive control over the postal ar-
rangements of the country to the government of
the ^United States; nor of those which have been oc-
casionally expressed in favor of abandoning them
altogether to private enterprise. The contrary of
both these views rests upon principles and reasons
already briefly alluded to, and in themselves too
plain and obvious to admit of controversy. But it
is alleged that the mode of raising the necessary
revenues to defray the expenses of the department
is erroneous; and if that be not erroneous, that the
rates of taxation by which they are raised are too
high, and also unequal in their operation. If the
mode of raising this revenue—namely, by a tax op-
erating equally upon all persons directly receiving
benefit or service from that department, according
to the amount of service rendered—be erroneous, it
will be unnecessary to inquire into the justice of
those rates or the inequality of their operation.
First, then, as to the mode of raising the revenue,
which it is said should be altered, and the mail es-
tablishment, like all other departments of the pub-
lic service, be left to depend for its support upon the
general treasury. That wisdom and sound policy
both forbid that reliance for the defrayment of its
expenses, will, I think, sufficiently appear by con-
sidering only one or two of the reasons against such
a policy, and in favor of leaving it to be sustained
by its own revenues. In the first place, it is in
strict accordance with the principles of equal justice
and the theory of our republican government, that
each citizen should contribute to the support of go v-
ernment in proportion to the benefits and advantages
he enjoys under it; and by supporting your post
office establishment by a small contribution collected
for each particular service rendered, graduated by a
just scale, and ;;o arranged as in the. aggregate to
amount to enough, and not more than enough, to
defray the necessary expenditures for the whole es-
tablishment, this beautiful and most equitable princi-
ple Will be carried out in this branch of the public
service with as near an approximation to accuracy
as is attainable m the application of general princi-
ples to the affairs of multitudes of individuals. If
these expenditures be made a charge upon the gen-
eral treasury, no such principle of equal justice can
obtain; on the contrary, it may and will often hap-
pen that citizens will contribute largely in the shape
of duties on imports, or other g- neral taxes, to the
support of this department, who derive little or no
direct benefit from it; whilst othcis, who use largely
the mail facilities and derive lar£ .3 and daily person-
al advantages from them, will contribute nothing to
its support. Again, if the Post Office Department
be left to derive the means of its support from the
general treasury, the great regulating principle of its
operations will be lost forever, and tnere will be no
security for that steady and uniform advance and
extension of the service in proportion to the gradual
increase and speed of our population westward, and
the augmentation of the business and wealth,
and the development of the resources of our
country, which all those great and progressive
interests do and will absolutely require; but it will
be subject to all the constantly recurring fluctuations
in the condition of our national treasury, which we
know by experience, owing to the mode in which
almost all the general revenues are raised, is in one
season suffocating, as now, with plethora, and in
the next languishing with inanition. In these sea-
sons of plethora the mail service will be unduly ex-
tended; advantages will be sought and obtained by
such extensions for this and that section, and for
this and that individual, as the present interests of
political parties, or individuals, or associated mem-
bers of the national legislature may dictate; and in
this way any amount of plethora in the national fisk
may be relieved, any amount of surplus expended
apparently for national purposes, and the expenses
of this department may be swelled from five or six
to ten or fifteen or more millions annually. Then,
to say nothing of the corruptions generated by this
state of things, let the season of adversity come, a
season of pecuniary embarrassment, of deficient
and decreasing revenues, and the post office estab-
lishment be seen to be absorbing a third or a half of
your whole national resources. As certainly as the
pendulum vibrates in opposite directions, hasty, in-
discriminate, ill-judged, and inordinate reductions
of the service will be made, to the great detriment
of the efficiency and usefulness of the system, to
the great inconvenience of the whole public, and to
the wrong and injury of many citizens and of many
branches of business; whereas, if left to rely upon
its own revenues, and they be now wisely and
properly adjusted to the wants and convenience of
the country, it will grow with the growth and
strengthen with the strength of the whole country
—the increasing revenues naturally and necessarily
to be derived from the increasing population and
business, and consequent increase of mailable mat-
ter transported, furnishing the steady and certain
means of extending and increasing the service as
the wants and interests of those it serves are ex-
tended, and of following on closely and steadily in
the march with our enterprising people, as they
multiply and spread out, over our almost boundless
West, until it and they shall reach and flourish on
the shores of the Columbia river and the distant
Pacific ocean. Let us look to these great results,
and let us, I prav you, sirs, preserve the great and
only principle which will easily, naturally, and cer-
tainly, by steady and regular progression, lead to
them; and by all means avoid unnecessarily ex-
posing so valuable and important a branch of the
public service to the inevitable and pernicious fluc-
tuations in the condition of our genera] revenues.
It is a curious fact, and well worthy of remark,
though perfectly natural, and to be expected in a
growing country like ours, with rates of postage
rightly adjusted, and the revenues thence arising de-
voted solely to the support and extension of the
service, that always heretofore, (until the operation
of the disturbing causes now requiring the inter-
ference of Congress,) the increase m the revenues
and expenditures of the Post Office Department, and
in the extension of its operations and public accom-
modation, have generally been just about at the
same annual rate with the increase of our popula-
tion, viz: from 4 to 5 per cent, on an average, illus-
trating the excellence and harmonious operation, as
a regulating principle', of the policy requiring the
expenses of the department to be defrayed by rev-
enues derived from the service itself, which both
ensures and provides for an extension of the service
in proportion to the increase in the number and
wants of the people. This purpose, therefore,
neither as openly avowed nor under its more
specious guise of extreme reduction, will not, I
trust, find favor with the Senate.
Let us return, then, to the other inquiry, whether
the existing rates of charge are too high? There is
but one opinion here as to the propriety of raising
no more revenue from this source than is necessary
to defray the proper and legitimate expenses of the ser-
vice; and all will therefore agree that the lowest point
at which the rates can be fixed consistently with
that object is the true one. All the arguments which
have been or can be advanced in favor of the system
generally, drawn from considerations either of a
Svise national policy, the purposes to advance mo-
lality, disuse religion, science, and knowledge, to
• strengthen and spread republican principles, or
from thy' wish to foster and gratify the virtuous emo-
tions and kindly affections of the human hearf, ap-
ply with increased force in favor of cheapening the
rates of postage as much as possible, consistently
with the general arid equal diffusion of its advan-
tages by means of the revenues derived from the
service itself. All rates are too high which go be-
yond or militate with these fundamental principles,
and all are too low which fall short of or greatly
endanger their attainment. The first and chief
question, then, to be determined is, what is the
lowest rate at which we may safely calculate
upon receiving a sufficiency of revenue to de-
fray the expenses of the existing establish-
ment, and secure .a progressive . increase suffi-
cient to extend the service pari passu with the
increase and extension of our population and busi-
ness pursuits? We must assume that the existing
amount of mail facilities are sufficient, or very near-
ly so; or, at any rate, such an addition to them as
would be afforded by an annual revenue of $4,500,-
000, (the amount stated by the Postmaster General
in his annual report of December, 1843, to be requi-
site for the full efficiency of the department,) would
make them sufficient for the existing wants, in this
regard, of the community; and, consequently, if
rates of postage lower than those now established
by law can be fixed upon, which it shall be shown
will, according to every prudent mode of calcula-
ting, yield that amount of revenue (viz: $4,500,000)
annually, and progressively increase with the growth
of the country, those, it will be instantly conceded
by all, are the rates to which we should cornel
We may, I think, with'great certainty rely, when
we have once fixed upon the rates that will produce
the requisite amount of revenue for the present, up-
on the increase of revenue at those rates keeping
pacc, as the increase" of the revenues of the depart-
ment were alone shown to have formerly done, with
the general growth and increase of the population
and wealth of the country, and their increasing de-
mands for mail accommodation. Before I proceed
in the endeavor to ascertain what those rates are
which shall answer the purposes above stated, al-
low me to premise that it has sometimes been said,
and has now almost become a truism in political
economy, that two and two do not always make
four; in other words, the higher rate of taxation
does not always yield the greater amount of revenue,
because the temptation to evade the payment may
be more than proportionate to the risk of detection
and punishment. And'this has been strikingly the
case recently in many parts of the country as re-
gards the charges for postage, as is apparent from
the fact that, notwithstanding the progressive growth
of the country, and consequently certain increase in
the amount of business properly belonging to this
department, its revenues have been constantly and
rapidly declining for several years last past, or since
the year 1840, except during'the year 1842, when
there was a slight increase over the year 1841, ow-
ing, it is believed, to the large correspondence oc-
casioned during that year by the operation of the
bankrupt law, and therefore not indicating any
abatement of the causes of the regular decline of the
revenues, but rather from the trifling amount of the
increase, proving their existence in full force. The
receipts of the department were for the year—
1840 ^4,539,265
184.1  4,379,317
184 2  4,546,246
184 3  4,295,725
1844.  4/237,285
And notwithstanding the great curtailment of its
expenses since 1840, first by curtailments in the ser-
vice, and more recently by important savings in the
leltings ofcontracts, from the sum of $4,759,110 in
1S40 to the sum of $4.29G,8fc!7 for the year ending
30th June, 1844, the revenues were still "short of the
amount of the expenditure for the year 1844 by
§59,582. The correspondence of the count! y it is
evident has not thus diminished, but it goes by other
channels than the mail, to what extent will be more
particularly bhown presently, when its total amount
comes to be estimated; the simple fact is enough
here. Curtailments of the service and savings by
reductions of the contract pi ice of the iervice are
probably now at an end as a means of bringing the
expenditure down to a level with the revenue, the
condition and wants of the country calling for an
increase rather than admitting of any furthtr curtail-
ment of the sen ice. YV hence is this alarming de-
cline in the revenues of this department? The an-
swer is easy, and is already known to eveiy one.
The rates charged are too high. The public judg-
ment has been so pronounced, and under its counts*.
