Feb. 1845.
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
267
28th Cong 2d Sess
River and Harbor Bill—Mr. 11. Smith.
H. of Reps.
ceeding three-quarters of an ounce, it is to be rated
treble. If a letter consists of four pieces of paper,
weighing more than one-quarter and not more than
one ounce, or if of one, two, or three pieces of pa-
per, weighing more than three-quarters of an ounce
and not more than one ounce, it is to be rated quad-
ruple. Above one ounce in weight, the rate is ex-
clusively regulated by the number of quarter ounces,
each quarter being counted as a single letter.
The second section relates to newspapers, and ex-
empts all under the size of 1,900 square inches from
postage, within thirty miles of the place of print-
ing, and leaves them for all greater distances than
thirty miles chargeable according to existing rates;
but it subjects all papers of a greater size than
1,900 square inches to the rates chargeable upon
pamphlets and magazines. Upon pamphlets, mag-
azines, and other printed matter, the rates fixed are
according to weight, and are c2\ cents for the first
ounce if transported less than one hundred miies,
and 5 cents if transported more than one hundred
miles, and 1 cent additional m either case for each
additional ounce. As example of the effect of these
provisions upon this kind of matter, I have selected
the North American Review for this month, Janu-
ary, 1845. This is, according to the present mode
of charging postage, an eleven-sheet pamphlet,
and is therefore chaigeable, under existing laws,
with 16^ cents postage for any distance under
one hundred miles, and with twenty-seven and
a half cents for any greater distance. Its weight
is fourteen and a quarter ounces, and the postage
chargeable upon it under this bill would therefore
be, for one hundred miles 151 cents, and for any
greater distance 18 cents; averaging 16^, and being
a reduction on the average of 5{ cents, or about '25
per cent. The amount or rate of reduction will
vary somewhat according to the weight of the pam-
phlet, the charge appearing to be higher upon the
lighter kinds, but the general average redaction on
all the periodicals is about 20 per cent. The other
provisions I will not weary the Senate by explaining
in detail,, but held myself ready to make any that
may be called for while the bill is m progress: they
relate principally to the abolition and regulation of
the franking privilege, subjecting government cor-
respondence to postage equally with that of individ-
uals, the putting down by penal sanctions of private
expresses, &c., with a clause allowing printed and
lithographed circulars or advertisements sent un-
sealed to pass any distance by mail for two cents
postage. Trusting, sir, that this bill, which has cost
much pains and care in the preparation, and which
seems to be callcd for by the general wish of the
country, as well as by the real interests of the de-
partment, will meet the approbation of the Senate
and of the other House of Congress, 1 must now
submit it in all its parts to the test of their scrutiny,
SPEECH OF ME. ROBERT SMITH,
OF ILLINOIS.
In the House of Representatives, February 26, 1845.—
The bill making appropriation for certain rivers
being under consideration in Committee of the
Whole, Mr. Robert Smith, of Illinois, addressed
the committee as follows:
Mr. Chairman: In rif-ing to addit;- . the commit-
to* . 1 am actuated by o fchog of duty to myself as
Bellas to tni'se whom I immedutelyrcpiesent. The
intense interest with which my cmstitt'cnts look to
the completion of the national or Cumberland road,
demands of me an effort, at lea^t, to t^st the feeling
of the House in relation to the further prosecution
of this work. The lar^e amount of business before
the House, and the earnest desire of members to
push forward the measures most lrnpoitant to their
immediate constituents, induce me to ask an appro-
priation in this bill, and to present my vicwv on the
question, fearing that neither the bdi from tin* Sen-
ate, nor the Housejoill making appropriations for
this road, will be reached during this session. The
state of the Union generally being under considera-
tion, I piesume, Mr. Chairman, 1 not be con-
sidered out of order in the remarks 1 intend to make,
after the wide range which has been taken by other
gentlemen who have' preceded me in this debate.
They have travelled all over the Union, and out of
the UnJO«: but it is my intention to confine my re-
marks to that portion of the Union through which
the national road is laid out. I propose, sir, to ad-
vocate the justice of completing this road, according
to the original plan adopted by the government at
the commencement of that work. I have not, Mr.
Chairman, forgotten the zeal and ability displayed
by certain gentlemen at the last session to defeat
this appropriation; and I am well aware how une-
qual the contest would now be, if the advocacy of
this measure devolved wholly upon me.
But, sir, I am happy to know that there are many
gentlemen upon this floor who have the ability and
the inclination also, to place this matter in its proper
light before this House and the country. But, sir,
were it not so, I should deem myself unworthy to
represent the honest, chivalrous, and enterprising
pioneers of the West who sent me here, should!
shrink, even though left "solitary and alone," from
demanding for them justice at the hands of this Con-
gress. I am aware, Mr. Chairman, that advocat-
ing this appropriation is rather unpopular with some
of my democratic friends; but, sir, I believe the ap-
propriation is a just one ; I believe it is due to the
States through which this road passes, and I would
rather deserve and receive the welcome plaudit from
my constituents o£"well done good and faithful ser-
vant" than, by abandoning their interest, receive the
highest honors in the gift of this nation.
The people of the States of Illinois, Indiana, Ohio,
and Missouri, feel that they have a just and reason-
able claim upon the government to complete this
road; and a refusal to make this appropriation will
be considered by those States as a breach of good
faith on the part of the government. The prosper-
ity and welfare of a nation depend upon the equal
administration of justice to all classes, and to all por-
tions of the country; and when the rights and in-
terests of any one portion of the country are wholly
neglected and disregarded, those citizens must cease,
in a good measure, to feel that devotion to the gov-
ernment which is absolutely necessary to its per-
manency and prosperity.
On a former occasion I alluded to the enormous sums
of money expended in the eastern and Atlantic States
for the building of forts, docks, ships, light-houses,
custom-houses, &c., &c.; bounties to fishermen, and
allowances to fishing vessels ; the large annual ex-
penditure to keep up the navy, and all this results
mainly for the benefit of those States. And I
would again call the attention of gentlemen to these
facts, and ask them if it be unjust, while millions
are being expended in the Atlantic States, that a few
hundred thousand dollars should be expended in the
West? I now give notice that at the proper time I
will offer an amendment to this bill, for an appropria-
tion for the continuation of the Cumberland road in
Ohio, Indiana, and Illinois. [See Note at the end.]
This road was commenced under Mr. Jefferson's
administration, and has received the continued sup-
port of every subsequent administration down to
that of President Tyler; and notwithstanding this,
some gentlemen contend that there is no authority
in the constitution which will authorize the govern-
ment to make appropriations to complete this road.
Sir, (said Mr. S.) I consider that the time has long
since passed, for raising any constitutional question
on this subject. This work has been in progress
nearly half a century; and the faith and honor of the
nation are pledged for its completion. Do you, sir,
believe that these gentlemen who now oppose this
appropriation on constitutional grounds, are wiser,
and that they understand the constitution better,
than the patriots and ,sages who formed it? Do
you believe that Mr Jefferson would ha\e given his
assent to a bill which was in violation of any pro-
vision of the constitution ? No, sir. I trust that
no member of this committee wMl make such a
chaige.
I would call the attention of the committee to the
origin of this road. In the act of Congress approved
the" 30th of April, ld02, "to enable the people of the
eastern division of the territory northwest of the
river Ohio to form a constitution and State govern-
ment, and for the admission of such State into the
Union on an equal footing with the ordinal Suites,"
it was provided, among other things, "that one-
twentieth part of the nett proceeds of the lands lying
within said State, so'd by Congress from and after
the 30th day of June, 1802, should be applied to the
laying out and making public reads leading from
the navigable watery emptying into the Atlantic, to
the Ohio, to the said State, and through the same;
such roads to be laid out under the authority of
Congress, with the consent of the several States
through which the road ^hait pass."
PTeie, (said Mr. S ,) at the beginning of Mr. Jef-
ferson's administration, and in the passage of the act
admitting Ohio into the Union as a sovereign State,
the foundation was laid for the commencement of this
road. A compact was entered into with the people
of the State of Ohio to expend a certain amount of
the proceeds of the sales of the lands within their
limits in the construction of roads. This compact
received the sanction of Mr. Jefferson.
Again: on the 29th of March, 1806, an act
was passed authorizing the President, by and
with the advice and consent of the Senate, to
appoint three disinterested citizens to lay out a road
from Cumberland, in the State of Maryland, to a
point on the Ohio river, at or near Wheeling, in the
State of Virginia. This act prescribed the manner
in which the road should be laid out and construct-
ed—required the commissioners to report to the
President,—who had the power to approve or reject
the report, in whole or in part. I will here quote
an extract from the bill:
"If he accepts, he is hereby further authorized and re-
quested to pursue such measures as, in his opinion, shail'be
proper, to obtain consent ior making the road of the State
or States through which the same has been laid out; which
consent being obtained, he is further authorized to take
prompt and effectual measures to cause said road to be
made through the whole distance, or in any part or parts
of the same as he shall judge most conducive to the public
good, having reference to the sum appropriated for the pur-
pose
Thirty thousand dollars was appropriated by this
act, to defray the expense of laying out and ma-
king said road. It further provides:
"And the President is hereby authorized to draw, from
time to time, on the treasury, for such part, or at any one
time lor the whole ofsaid sum, as he shall judge the service
requires."
Thus (said Mr. S.) it will be seen, that the
President had power, by the act referred to, to
contract for making the road the whole dis-
tance; and also to draw at once upon the treas-
ury f'>r the entire appropriation, without any
regard to whether there then was, or was not, or
ever would be, motley enough in the treasury, of
the two per cent, fund arising from the sale of lands
in Ohio, to reimburse the same! It was manifestly
the intention of Congress to construct the road, and
they only intended that two per cent, of the pro-
ceeds of the sales of the lands in Ohio should be ap-
plied to aid in the accomplishment of that object.
The zeal and energy with which Mr. Jefferson car-
ried into effect the provisions of the aforesaid act,
show conclusively that he considered the making of
this road highly important to the best interests of
the government, and legitimately within the power
of Congress, without any violation of the spirit of
the constitution. And, sir, does any gentleman
doubt Mr. Jefferson's being a strict constructionist
of the constitution? Or will any one assert that he
did not thoroughly understand the powers conferred
by the constitution? I trust not. I believe Mr. J ef-
ferson would have been the last man in the nation
to approve a bill, or draw money from the treasury,
in violation of the constitution. And, sir, he who
follows Mr. Jefferson in his expositions of the con-
stitution, and can shield himself behind the express-
ed opinions and acts of that great statesman, cannot
be easily overthrown; and while he does not go fe,-~
tlier than Mr. Jefferson did, he cannot be charged
with being: a latitudinarian constructionist of the
constitution.
I would call the attention of gentlemen to Mr. Jef-
ferson's message of the 19th February, 1806, com-
municating certain information in relation to this
road. He says:
' The States of Fennsyh ania, Maryland and Virginia, hav-
ing, by (heir scveial nets, consented that the road from
Cumberland to che Ohio, authorized by act ofCongress of
23th .March, 1606, should p-i1— through those States, and the
repoit oi the conimisnoni'is, communicated to Congress
■h itU iry message of 3!sc jaiumy, 1807, having jeen duly
considered, 1 !:-■■ ■" !'.>*. ■ < the route therein proposed
lor the ica !, as far as !■■ u v. ;li< with a single deviation
since located. which chtmls ii ihiough Uniontown, trom
tiitnc-j to the Ohio; and the { ji.it wilhin the legal limits at
uhirhitMia!) strike tint i.vc, is still to be decided. In
forming this decision, i '• i[. ! y material regard to the in-
teiests aim v, islie  of the ponnlous parts of the State of Ohio,
awl to a future and con,ve>.ient connection with the road
w hich is to ]ead trorn the Indian boundary near Cincinnati,
by Vinceimes to the -Mississippi, at St Louis, under autho-
rity of the act of 21st Api ll. 1806. In this way we may ac-
complish a continued and advantageous line ot communica-
tion trom the seat ot the general government to St. Louis,
passing through many interesting points of the western
ceuntiy."
The message closes by adding that the information
communicated " will enable Congress to adopt such
further measures relative thereto, as they may deem
proper under existing circumstdnces."
By this message it will be seen that Mr. Jef-
ferson considered the construction of the road from
Cumberland to Wheeling, as only the commence-
ment of a road which was not to be stopped until it
