268
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
Feb. 1848.
28th Cong 2d Sess.
River and Harbor Bill—Mr . R. Smith.
H. of Reps.
reached the Mississippi river, and he declared that, in
laying out this ro&d, he had direct reference to con-
necting it with another roed then in progress by the
government, to extend to the Mississippi river. Mr.
S. said, as his constituents felt a deep interest in the
completion of this road, agreeably to the original
plan adopted by the government, he had investigat-
ed the subject thoroughly ; and when the friends of
this,road, at the last session, attempted to take up
the bill in Committee of the Whole, making an
appropriation, he was surprised to witness the hos-
tility manifested towards it by some of the mem-
bers from Virginia, where so much money had been
expended on this road. It will be found on exam-
ination of the journals, that upon the final passage
of the bill, approved 29th March, 1806, appropriat-
ing $30,000 to commence the construction of this
road; the vote of no member of the House from
Maryland can be found recorded against the passage
of the bill, while eight voted for it—one member
being absent. The majority of the members from
Pennsylvania and Virginia voted against the bill;
but among the names of those who voted for it, will
be found that of Thomas M. Randolph, one of
Virginia's talented sons, and whose opin-
ions on constitutional questions will, I pre-
sume, be acknowledged by all democrats to be
orthodox; and with a House comprising one hun-
dred and forty-one members, the names of fifty only
are to be found recorded against the appropriation.
Appropriations were made m 18X0,1811, and 1812,
and the journals do not furnish any evidence of the
ayes and noes being called on their passage, or that
there was any formidable opposition to the bills. In
18-13, $140,000 was appropriated for the road, to be
expended in making it from Gumberland to the
Ohio; and this was included ill the general apptopri-
ation bill. Again, in 18'l5, a bill from the Senate,
appropriating $100,000 for the same purpose, hav-
ing been amended by the House in Committee of the
Whole by reducing the appropriation to §20,000, and
being reported back to the House, and the question
being taken upon concurring with the committee in
the amendment, it was decided in the negative—yeas
62, nays 70. The bill was then read a third time
and passed, without a division. I find, sir, voting
lor reducing the appropriation from §100,000 to
$30,000, two members out of the nine from Mary-
land, five out of the twenty-three from Pennsylva-
nia, and only two out of the twenty-three from the
State of Virginia.
Now, sir, I cannot come to any other conclusion
than that if the mambers from Virginia and Penn-
sylvania, had entertained doubts as to the con-
stitutionality of this work in 1806, those doubts
were removed before 1815. I know, sir, a different
construction may be given. The road was to be
commenced in Maryland, and it would be naturally
supposed that the first moneys appropriated would
be expended m that State; and we find no vote fiom
that State against the bill, while a large majority
from the States of Pennsylvania and Virginia are
found vo.ting against it. But, in 1815, when the
road had progressed further through Pennsylvania,
towards the Ohio siver at Wheeling, in Virginia,
we find the members from those States, almost
unanimously, voting against reducing appropria-
tions, whilst two of the members from Maryland
voted for reducing. Among the names of members
from South Carolina yoting against reducing the
appropriation for the road, I find that of Mr. Cal-
houn, distinguished alike for his brilliant talents
and his strict construction of the constitution. I,
sir, could add to the list already given, the names
of many more able expounders of the constitution,
who have given tiieir support to this mess ure; I-it it
is not necessary. The constitution provides that
"new States may be admitted into the Union," and
that ''Congress shall have power to dispose of, and
make all needful rules and regulations respecting
the territory or other property belonging to the
United States."
Now, sir, under this clause sf the constitution,
we claim the power of this government to stipulate,
on the admission of new States into the Union, to
make roads through the States thus admitted.
The same power that authorizes a government to
acquire territory oi lands, gives it the right and
authority to adopt such measures as will best pro-
mote the objects for which the territory was acquir-
ed. This position cannot be successfully denied;
and if the making of roads Through the territory will
enhance the value of the lands of the government,
and thereby insure a speeiiy sale and improvement
of the same, is it not in.the power of the government
to make such roads? I think gentlemen err in this
matter, by not making the proper distinction be-
tween the government stipulating at the time of
admitting new States into the Union, to make roads
through the lands retained by the government, or
making a road through one of the original States
where the government has no interest in the
lands or property of the State, and where the State
has no claims upon the general government. For
myself, 1 consider the government bound, by sol-
emn compact, in the admission of the States of Ohio,
Indiana, Illinois, and Missouri into the Union, to
complete this road, and that the constitutional ques-
tion cuts no figure in the appropriation now asked
for. When the government shall ccase to be the
owner of lands within the new States, they may
then, with more propriety, refuse appropriations
for making roads in these States. I, sir, am as
strongly opposed to embarking in a general system
of internal improvement by this government, as
any gentleman on this floor. And I doubt very
much whether I could have overcome my strict con-
struction views of the constitution, so far as to have
given my vote for appropriations to make that part of
this road which runs through the States of Mary-
land, Pennsylvania, and Virginia, notwithstanding
the illustrious and venerated names which I have
called the attention of the committee to as having
given their support to the measure. But, sir, it is
plainly to be seen that Congress commenced this
road with a view to facilitate the settlement of the
great West, and insure the speedy sale of the mil-
lions of acres of land claimed by the government in
the region of country through which this road was
designed to pass; and that they did not intend to rely
entirely upon the two-per-cent. fund set apart for this
purpose. In further confirmation of this assertion,
I would call the attention of the committee to the
"act making further appropriations for the construc-
tion of the Cumberland road," approved 14th April,
1818. This act appropriated ^312,984 out of any
money in the treasury not otherwise appropriated,
and did not provide that it should be reimbursed out
of the two-per-cent. fund. In 1819 the sum of
§535,000 was appropriated for the construction of
this road between Cumberland and Wheeling, and
was included in the general appropriation bill. And
again: in 1820, $141,000 was included in the gen-
eral appropriation bill for the same purpose, and to
be expended on the road between the same points.
Appropriations were made for the construction of
this road in the States of Maryland, Pennsylvania,
and Virginia, during the administrations of Mr.
Jefferson, Mr. Madison, and Mr. Monroe, up to the
J 1th of April, 1820, amounting to $1,698,984, whilst
the two-per-cent. fund arising from the sales of lands
in the States of Ohio, Indiana, and Illinois, amount-
ed to little more than $210,000.
On the 15th of May, 1820, Congress passed an
act providing for the appointment of commissioners
to survey and lay out the Cumberland road from
Wheeling, in Virginia, to a point on the left bank of
the Mississippi river between St.. Louis and the
mouih of the Illinois river. This act was prefaced
by the following preamble:
"Whereas the continuation of the Cumberland road
from "Wheeling, in the State of Virginia, through the States
of Ohio, Indiana, and Illinois, the lands of the United States
may become moie valuable," &c.
By this act the President was authorized to ap- j
point three impartial and judicious persons, not be- I
ing citizens of any of the States aforesaid, to lay
out this road. An appropriation of $10,000 wss ,
made to commence the survey; and the commission-
ers were appointed and entered upon the discharge ]
of their duties. Now, sir, if there had been any ;
doubts before this period as to the intentions of the ■
government in relation to the continuance of this
road to the Mississippi river, this act settled that ;
doubt. The reason given by the government for
continuing this road was convincing to every one
that it would render the lands of the "United States ;
more valuable." Then, sir, the hardy and adven-
tuous settler had not only the pledge of the govern- ,
ment to make this road, but its interest also. The .
men who flamed and passed this law well knew that |
its tendency would be to induce the purchase and
settlement of the lands in the States through which
the road was to be laid out and constructed! And,
sir, thousands—yes, sir, millions of acres of land i
have been purchased and paid for by the honest,
unsuspecting farmer, upon the sole and only ground ,
that this road was to be completed in good faith by |
the government! 1 am no lawyer, nor do I pretend ;
to be learned in the law; but I believe it is a well- i
settled principle that a contract is the mutual under-
standing of the parties contracting. And, sir, I as-
sert that this government has given such assurances
to those who have purchased lands along the line of
this road, that they will complete the same, that, if,
they shall now refuse to make the road, it will be
a breach of contract that would subject an iridivid-
ual to a criminal prosecution, and to the indigna-
tion and contempt of an enlightened community.
Sir, I ask this House if they will- so far forget what
is due to the dignity and honor of this nation as to
leave any reasonable pledge or assurance made by
a former Congress unredeemed? Will they, sir,
after having received the hard-earned money of the
S laborer, refuse to grant him the equivalent promised?
| Shall we, by our refusal to carry out this compact,
i render our government obnoxious to the charge of
drawing money from the pockets of the cultivators
of the soil by (I was about to say false pretences)
holding out plausible inducements that we would do
what we never intended to do? I trust not, sir. I
hope this Congress will show a willingness to do
j ustice to every interest and to every individual in
this nation; and that this great national work, so ju-
dicious in its inception, and so just to the hone3t
and enterprising' pioneers, who, by their toil and
industry, have made the hitherto wild wastes of the
West to "blossom like the rose," will be prosecuted
with energy to its final completion. Liberal appro-
priations were made for the construction of this
road, in the State of Ohio, in 1825, 1826,
1827, and 1828. And every year during General
Jackson's administration, appropriations were made
and the construction of fhe road was vigorously
presecuted. I would call the attention of the com-
mittee to an extract from the message of President
Jackson vetoing the Maysviile road bill:
"In the administration of Mr. Jefferson we have two ex-
ampies of the exercise of the right of appropriation, which,
in the considerations which led to their adoption, and in
their eifects upon the public mmd, have had a greater
agency in marking the character oi the power than any
subsequent events. I allude to the payment of fifteen mil-
lions of dollars for the purchase of Louisiana, and to the
original appropriation for the construction of the Cumber*
land road, the latter act deriving much weight from the
acquiescence and approbation of three of the most power-
ful of the original members of the confederacy expressed
through their respective legislatures. Although the cir-
cumstances of the latter case may be such as to deprive so
much of it as relates to the actual construction of the road,
of the lorce of an obligatory exposition of the constitution,
it must, nevertheless, be ad'mitted that, so far as the mere
appropriatson of money is concerned, they present the prin-
ciple in its most imposing aspect. No less than twenty-
three different laws have been passed through all the forms
of the constitution, appropriating upwards of two millions
and a half of dollars out of the national treasury in support
ot that impiovement, with "the approbation of every Presi-
dent of the United States, including my predecessor, since
its commencement."—[See Tables.]
Now, is it possible that bills, year after year ma-
king appropriations not warranted by the constitu-
tion, would have received the sanction of General
Jackson and the illustrious men who preceded him?
And is this work, which has been so long fos-
tered by the government, to be now abandoned?
There are few appropriations made by Congress
more useful, just, and important, than the one
asked for the purpose of continuing this road. It
is not only due to those who have purchased
your lands along the line of the road, and paid
their money into your treasury, but it is an
act of justice to the people of the whole
West. This road is highly important as a post
road for carrying the United States maO from the
East to the West; and, sir, were it now completed
according to the original plan, the saving to the gov-
ernment in the expense of transporting the mails
alone, to say nothing of the saving in time, would
go far towards reimbursing the mtere&t on such sum
as would be required to complete the road. This
road, if completed, would also be important in a
military point of view, for the transportation of
troops and munitions of war, when the Ohio river
might be obstructed by ice, or not navigable in con-
sequence of low water. I know, sir, we are
now at peace with all nations; but have we
any security that wc shall always be so?
It is an old, and I believe, a wise maxim, "in
time of peace to prepare for war." But, sir, it is
not in this point of view that I most strongly urge
our claims to this appropriation. I urge it upon the
grounds of justice to the "West—as an act of justice
to 8,000,000 of freemen, who are either directly or
indirectly interested in the completion of this road;
and if this government pursue the true policy,
this road will be pushed forward with more energy
than in times pastj and will not gtop short-of our
