270
APPENDIX 1*0 THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
Jan.1845.
28th Cong 2d Sess.
Annexation of Texas—Mr. Chappell.
H. of Reps.
there the appropriation was reduced to seventy-five
thousand dollars for each State. In this form the
bill passed both Houses, and was finally defeated,
in consequence of being "pocketed" by President
Tyler.
SPEECH OF MR. A. H. CHAPPELL,
OF GEORGIA.
In (he House of Representatives, January 26, 1845—
On the annexation of Texas to the United States.
Mr. Chappell began by saying that, notwith-
standing all that had fallen from the gentleman from
Ohio, [Mr. Brinkekhoff,] and other gentlemen en-
tertaining kindred sentiments with him, there were,
nevertheless, those who must still be permitted to
regard the proposition for annexing Texas to the
United States as pre-eminently a great national ques-
tion; and nothing (Mr. C. thought) could be more
utterly vain than the labored attempt which had
been made on this floor to give it a different com-
plexion in the eyes of the American people. That
people had passed solemnly and deliberately on the
question. It was no longer on open and undeter-
mined question with them. After a most full, anx-
ious, and unsparing investigation of it in all its as-
pects and bearings, the popular voice had been pro-
nounced—the popular seal had been set in regard to
it, in a manner not to be forgotten or erased, and cer-
tainly in a manner not to be misunderstood or lightly
treated by the servants and representatives of the
people. Futile, indeed, must be the effort to reverse,
or qualify, or disparage that judgment—and worse
than futile—wrongful in the highest degree to the
people and the country—to attempt to thwart or
delay its execution. Yet that attempt is strenuously
made, and made, too, in quarters from which, Mr.
Chairman, it seems to me to come with a very bad
grace—in quarters where we had a right to expect
at least a magnanimous, patriotic acquiescence in
the unequivocally expressed will of the country;
not captious objections, and the excitement of sec-
tional jealousies and prejudices, calculated only to
embarrass and defeat the fulfilment of that will.
Sir, the gentleman from Ohio has vehemently de-
nounced this whole measure of Texian annexation
as nothing but a selfish, sectional project, from be-
ginning to end. Whatever other merit the charge
may lack, it certainly possesses that of boldness in
no small degree. It brings the gentleman pointedly
in conflict with the sense of the country, and par-
ticularly with the acknowledged and deeply settled
convictions of that great and triumphant political
party to which the gentleman belongs; a party
which, under the irresistible pressure of this very
matter as a national question, found itself compelled,
on the eve of battle and in the face of a powerful and
well organized enemy, to make changes and per-
form evolutions wonderful and unprecedented in
the annals of political warfare, and which, by
being made and performed, won for that party a
great and brilliant victory, equally wonderful and
unprecedented. Surely, sir, gentlemen exhibit not
a little temerity in stigmatizing as a narrow section-
al project, a measure which the people of both the
great political parties of the country concurred
everywhere in putting in issue as a cardinal and par-
amount question in the presidential election; a meas-
ure for which the people of one of those great par-
ties (that to which the gentleman belongs) were
found everywhere co-operating and combating with-
out distinction of local habitation or sectional abode,
whilst the 'people of the other great party were
found just as universally and with just as litile sec-
tional distinction, co-operating and combating
against it. These facts, Mf. Chairman, are fl.ijra.it
fresh, and undeniable; and if they do notamouni to
a demonstration that, according tu the sense of the
country and of both its great pohtral parties, the
Texian question lsentitledto be ranked as one of na-
tional and not merely sectional character and im-
port, I confess myself at a loss to concave what
would amount to such a demonstration.
And what sort of logic, sir, has the gentleman
called to his aid against this great and pervading
sentiment of the public nimd? By wnat course ot
argument, by what sweep of induction has lie es-
sayed, in the face of this general and deliberate sense
of the country, to set up a bold allegation of Ins
own to the contrary—to set up an allegation that the
•whole project of acquiring Texas has nothing but
sectional, selfish policy and considerations tor its
ground work and end? Sir, did the gentleman ar-
rive at a conclusion so derogatory, by fast taking a
Jarge, calm, and comprehensive survey of the sub-
ject in all its ramifications? D.d he first take care
to open his mind to it and embrace it as a great
whole, made up, though it be, of numerous and di-
versified (yet not inharmonious) parts? Did he first
fix his gaze upon it, sir, in the benign grandeur of
the general outline with which it towers up in oar
national horizon? No, sir. He did no such thing.
Such a mode of contemplating it would have been
too fatally incompatible with the cherished object of
dwarfing it down to the meanness of a miserable sec-
tional feud among ourselves. Sir, had the gentle-
man seen fit to look at this great question in that
large, generous, and obvious aspect in which it so
naturally arrests and conciliates the regard of an
expanded American patriotism—in that aspect,
sir, in which it has relation to augmenting vastly
our country's dominion, riches, and power—an
augmentation to which we are invited in this in-
stance, by all the politic as well as all the generous
considerations that ought to weigh with us as a
nation—an augmentation, too, proposed to be
brought about by means fully consonant with right
and justice, and the most scrupulous philanthropy
—to be brought about by simply throwing open pur
arms and stretching out our jurisdiction for the re-
ception of a; consenting and kindred people like unto
us, and sympathizing with us m all things, and
eager to bring along with them into our Union the
magnificent dowry of an extensive and fertile ter-
ritory, lying upon our borders, and incalculably im-
portant to us in reference to our existing possessions
and interests;—had the gentleman, I say, sir, seen
fit to .have indulged in this, so simple and natural,
yet so truly national and American view of the sub-
ject, assuredly he could never-have thought and felt
in regard to it in the manner in which he has ex-
pressed himself to the committee. Such a view,
had he seen fit to have given it entertainment, would
have effectually rebuked and overruled such a strain
as that in which the gentleman has chosen to speak.
Yes, sir, I venture the opinion that even he would
have found it a view powerful enough to have
frowned down and driven out from his mind what-
ever mere sectional objection might have been al-
lowed a lodgment there, especially one of such a
character as that on which alone he has expatiated,
and which alone he has put forward to horrify him-
self and the non-slaveholding portions of the Union
withal.
But the gentleman's omissions stop not with his
neglect to take such an enlarged and general view
of the subject. He has equally shunned to invest -
gate it in the details of its effects. Permit me, sir,
to say to him that something in the nature of a
detailed examination of the influences of the meas-
ure, item by item, on the different sections of the
Union, and their respective interests, was peculiarly
incumbent on him, from the very character of the
denunciations in which he has indulged. Branding
the measure as utterly reprehensible, on account of
its alleged sectional nature, he was bound to have
shown us wherein consisted its tendency to build
up and benefit some sections and interests of the coun-
try at the expense of other sections and interests.
He was bound particularly to have pointed out the
various interests which it would subject to proba-
ble detriment, and to have gone into somewhat of a
tangible statement and specification of the wrongs
and injuries it would bring on those interests. But
he has not done or attempted any such thing, al-
though there is no other way in which, according to
any legitimate principles ol reasoning, he could
ha\e gone about the C'-nstrtn tion ot an argu-
ment in suppoit of Ins hfctioiia! ijenuiicuitnins.
And doubtless he acted wisely in abstaining tioin
any attempt of this kind. It was well tor his
own contentment ni the conclusions in which
his mind l-eposcs, that he reli. d on mere gener-
al allegation and strong a^sei'iion, without ven-
turing to hung forward in their support any bill of
particulars of the sectional eflects of the measure.
His favorite idea, that it is a project for southern
aggrandizement merely, regardless of the interests
of the North and West, could not have stood such a
test. It would have fallen unhonorcd by the way-
side, pierced by a hundred mortal wounds, had he
subjected it to run the gauntlet of a detailed exami-
nation and review of the influences that would be
exerted by the measure on the several sections of
the Union and their various interests.
Sir, it is utterly untenable; and no gentleman has
pretended to maintain that there is any set of inter-
ests in this country that would sicken and droop by
letting in the sunshine and showers of Texas upon
t hem. To what quarter will gentlemen turn to look
for such a phenomenon? The North furnishes it
not. Her agriculture, her commerce, her manufac-
tures, her shipping and mining interests, her arts
and tiades of all kinds, hold up their industrious
hands and exult as the field for the development and
reward of American labor, capital, and enterprise
widens around them; and it is on Texas, "that de-
lightful province of the sun," that they now fix
their longing gaze. That land, when once incorpo-
rated into our Union, they know fu'l well must soon
become the finest and most enriching market in the
world for all their fabrics and productions. It pos-
sesses every natural requisite for this purpose—vast
extent, exhaustless fertility, easy commercial access,
wide dissimilarity of climate, soil, and productions,
from those of our northern States. What is further
needed is nothing else than that rapid advance of
culture and population, and that perpetual unshack-
led intercourse of free trade which annexation
would certainly produce, and alone can insure.
The North, sir, with all her prejudices and jealous-
ies lit relation to the South, cannot be blind to these
facts; and hence neither from the North or northern
gentlemen on this floor, have we heard any attempt
at a specification of northern interests that would be
made to suffer by the admission of Texas into the
Union.
All that I lutve now said, sir, of the effects of the
measuie in favor of the North, may be still more
strongly said of its bearing on the interests of the
West—that noble region of which its inhabitants
and representatives are so justly proud. The wis-
dom and providence of nature in the architecture of
our globe is displayed nowhere on its surface in a
more striking manner, or on a grander scale, than m
the construction of the great intermontane valley of
the Mississippi, and the , dependent shores and
islands of the Gulf of Mexico. Dependent, sir, I
call them, in that sense in which nature designs and
desires dependence bet-ween different portions of her
works-—a dependence at which man should rejoice
as a powerful means to his own ease, happiness,
and refinement, and to the culture and improvement
of that earth which is his heritage. In this sense,
sir, nature designed and ordained an intimate de-
pendence and connection of the most enduring kind,
between the great grain-gowing, bread-producing,
regions of the Upper Mississippi and the southern
country spreading around the gulf and the rich isl-
ands scattered over its bosom. They constitute
natural, and, in process of time, will become almost
indispensable markets for each other; markets admi-
rably adapted to each other by their corresponding
vastness and the dissimilarity of their respective pro-
ductions, as well as by their neighborhood and the
unequalled extent and facilities of water -inter-eom-
munication which they enjoy by means of the gulf
and the numerous bays indenting it, and the thous-
and rivers pouring into it on all sides, from an ex-
tensive interior. Of this great gulf-drained interior,
a huge proportion consists of the upper or bread-
producing part of the valley of the Mississippi; a
region so large and fertile as to be capable, when-
ever it shall be fully opened and cultivated, of feed-
ing, I had almost said, half the world with its agri-
cultural surpluses.
Well, sir, let me ask the attention of the commit-
tee, and of western gentlemen particularly, to the
question, what is to become of those surpluses. Al-
ready they over-stock the markets within their
reach, and stagnate, to no small extent, on the fat
soil of their growth. What is to become of them,
sir, when, within a few brief years, Indiana. Illinois,
IVlisRnui i, Iowa, Wisconsin, and the newly conceiv-
ed, ycl unborn, Nebraska, shall be covered with a
population as dense as t!i!it of Ohio, and equally
bent cm laying the rait!) under contribufon to their
hard-handed industry'1 What, 1 ask, will the West
then do with her immense agncultuial surpluses3
Why, sir, they must either rot on her hands, poi-
soning her very atmosphere, paralyzing her ener-
gies, and formidably checking her prosperity and
civilization, or they must find a safe and certain
market, expanding apace with their own increase,
in those sunny climes towards which the Mississip-
pi flows. This, sir, is the vital condition on which
western prosperity depends. Every year it will be-
come a more and more urgent and pressing condi-
tion; and if it shall fail to be realized, not all the vast
extent and exhaustless fertility of western lands—
not all the earth-subduing industry and enterprise
of the western people—not all the artificial facilities
of commercial transportation which they may add
to those so abundantly bestowed by nature, can
ward off tfye doom of the West; that heavy doom
