Jan.1845.
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
271
*28th Cong 2d Sess.
Annexation of Texas—Mr. Chappell.
H. of Reps.
which infallibly overtakes and depresses every peo-
ple who become, from whatever cause, destitute of
markets adequate to the absorption of their surplus-
es, and to the rewarding of the exertion of their aug-
menting capabilities of production. When that
doom comes, sir, then will U be that the West shall
see the richest blessings showered by Heaven turn-
inginto curses upon her, and civilization itself will
corrode, and her brightest virtues suffer decay,
under the influence of causes which will at once
make it so easy to draw from the soil a rude sub-
sistence, and so disheartening to strive for anything
beyond. How, sir, is this .state of things to be pre-
vented, and western prosperity to be protected
against the baleful consequences of her own gigan-
tic growth and development. I repeat, sir, that
there is but one means, and that is to bring about a
correspondingly rapid progress of cultivation and
population in the islands of the £ulf and its circum-
jacent countries, and to have, at the same time, a
permanent and secure system of free, or at least
very lightly burdened, trade with them. In what-
ever shall tend to promote these results, the people
of the great valley of the upper Mississippi have a
deep and momentous sectional interest—an interest
of the same kind, though not so intense in degree,
as that which forty years ago absolutely compelled
Mr. Jefferson to purchase Louisiana—an interest
hardly less vital to western prosperity than the
showers which fertilize their lands, or the long nav-
igable rivers which cheaply bear their bulky com-
modities to distant markets. Texas, particularly
from her position, is as much a natural and indis-
pensable market to fh#  regions drained by the upper
Mississippi as are the States of Mississippi, Lou-
isiana, and Arkansas. And when it is remembered
how greatly her settlement and cultivation, and,
still more, her untrammelled commercial relations
with up, are dependent on her reception into the
Union, it is impossible not to feel how prominently
and vitally the great sectional interests of the West
are involved m the measure. The western people
feel it to be so, and they urgently call for the meas-
ure. Even the gentleman from Ohio, as much as
"he hates the measure on account of that aspect in
which it smiles on the South, .sees too clearly its
highly benignant western bearings, to be able to take
an absolute and unqualified stand against it.
Mr. Chairman, i am sensible of having detained
the committee jathcr unnecessarily with the general
observations 1 have now submitted in reference to
the great and unalloyed and undeniable advantages
to be ,eaped by the North and West from the an-
nexation of Texas. They are observations, how-
ever, sir, well calculated to provoke our wonder at
hearing northern and western gentlemen liuiling
anathemas of a mere sectional character against the
measure. That it will benefit greatly their sections
of the Union, is undemed and undeniable. Surely
they do not fall out with if ;>nd denounce it as odi-
ously sectu nal on that account. Whence, then, all
their sectional lutred, their fierce opposition to it on
sectional groin ds? Sir, the answer which truth
compels to b* given to tins, question is one from
which an enlarged and ca'.hohc patriotism turns
away with shame and sorrow. The South is to
be benefited as well as the North and West by
the measure, and theicfoie it is opposed. The
frame-work of southern society and institutions is
to be extended and sti engthened, the Union id to be
spread out and aq-^randized on the southern side.
And these are reasons amply sufficient with some
gentlemen to overbalance ,-,11 the arguments growing
out of the acknowledged advant,-«eousness of the
measure to their portion of tlm country Yes, sir,
the bare circumstance of its having a tendency to
fortify and aggrandize the South, is a fatal objection.
Hence the sectional tears that ore shed—In-nee the
sectional thunder that us muttered—at the piospect
of Texas coming into the Urnon.
Sir, let me say to gentlemen that they owe it as a
solemn duty to the country to ponder well on the
consequences before they determine finally to rejcct
Texas from our embrace for such a reason. The
South has been familiarized, by long and grievous
experience, with the melancholy truth that wrong
and oppression to her constitute, in the actual
working of this government, no effectual objection
to measures which other portions of the Union
may deem conducive to their interests. This, sure-
ly, is bad enough; this is quite as much as we of
the South can be expected to bear. It will be a
sadder day for this Union than it has ever yet seen
when the further conviction shall be made to sink
deep into the southern heart, that great measures, in-
disputably beneficial to all parts of the country, are j
to be objected to and rejected simply because one
of their effects wiii be the expanding and strength-
ening of the South and of the southern system of
society and property. Sir, have gentlemen duly re-
flected on the hideousness of the principle towards
the South on which they thus propose acting? Have
they reflected that it is a principle which puts us
literally under the ban of the Union—which treats
us as outlaws, as it were, from the government,
when benefits might fall to our lot from i*s action,
whilst we are still to be kept in subjection to its bur-
dens and oppressions? Sir, if gentlemen have not
yet reflected that such is the precise character of the
sectional grounds of objection, to which opposition
to the annexation of Texas is now almost entirely
reduced, it is high time they had bethought them-
selves of it. However strong may be their consci-
entious or fanatical hatred of slavery, or anything
else pertaining to the South, let me warn them to
beware how they make that hatred the basis of the
action of this government. From the very first
moment at which any great measure to which the
South is averse shall "be carried by the influence of
such a feeling, or at which any great measure to
which the South is wedded shall be lost by its in-
fluence, from that moment it is impossible that the
people of the South shall any longer refrain from
regarding this government as their most dangerous
enemy. Yes, sir, as their most dangerous enemy.
For in what does enmity, the most dangerous and
deadly, consist, if not in acting towards us on a
settled principle of hatred to our rights of property,
our whole social organization, and to a domestic in-
stitution which is vitally and intimately inwrought
into the very frame-work of our existence as a peo-
ple. Far distant be the day when this government
shall give to the southern people such evidence that
their dearest rights and destinies are no longer to-be
safely trusted in its hands!
Yet, sir, there are not wanting those on this floor,
and elsewhere, who, either through ignorance of
the tremendous mine on which they are treading, or
through recklessness of the dreadful consequences
of its explosion, seem to be anxiously at work to
brino- on that day. They would have Texas re-
jected solely on the ground of slavery. Fully ad-
mitting the importance of the acquisition to the
North and West, they are nevertheless eager to
forego ail the advantages that would redound to
those quarters of the Union, in order to gratify their
hostility to that institution which is a vital part of
the South, and which is so obnoxious in their view
as to enlist them in a general crusade against south-
ern grandeur and extension. These are the per-
sons, sir, who have labored from the beginning, and
who continue to struggle to this hour, to make the
question of the admission of Texas into the Union,
a sectional, anti-slavery question. Y'ears ogo, they
began systematically and industriously to force it
upon the country as such a question—sagely cal-
culating that inasmuch as the non-slaveholding por-
tion of the Union possessed a preponderance of
power in Congress, it was only necessary to make
it a sectional slavery question, to insure forever the
defeat of the measure.
Sir, did they expcct to make and urge such a
question against the South without its being met by
us? Did they expect to stir up and agitate such a
sectional feeling against us throughout the North,
without rousing into activity and expression a coun-
ter sectional feeling on the part of the South* Sir,
they could have expected no such thing. And there
is another thins: also which they ought nor to ex-
r ect. They ought not to expect to be successful in
their attempt now to throw upon the South the
odium and responsibility of having given, original-
ly, to tins question a sectional, slavery turn, when
the whole world knows that that turn was, from
the outset, given to it by themselves, and forced
upon us as an objection which they started and
uiged to the measure-—an objection, pii, which ought
never to have been made, which they must bear
the unenviable responsibility of having made, but
which^ having hee,\ made by them, left us no alterna-
tive but that of meeting and repelling it with all our
might, and with all that indignant sectional feeling
it was so well calcinated to execute.
The question of the annexation of Texas a mere
sectional question between the North and South !
and made and urged as such by the South, forsooth!
Why, sir, have gentlemen forgotten the memorable
and deeply meditated speech made at Niblo's Gar-
den, in New York, by that Coryphceus of northern
political sentiment and policy ? Daniel Webster, on his
return home in 1837 from the very Congress which
had just acknowledged the independence of Texas?
Have they forgotten the not less famous letter pub-
lished by the same eminent statesman in the early
part of fast year? Have they forgotten the ceaseless
labors and speeches of John Q,uincy Adams and his
co-workers in this hall and elsewhere, from the first
moment that the Texian question began to show it-
self on the distant edge of our political horizon down
tn this hour, when its waxing power and expansion
agitate so strongly our vast national firmament?
Have gentlemen forgotten all these things, and the
thousand other things of like character which the
greatnorthern drama of opposition to the Annexa-
tion of Texas has been filled up and made to present
an intense sectional, anti-southern, anti-slavery as-
pect and design? Sir, if gentlemen can have forgot-
ten all these things, commend me to such conveni-
ent memories, I say. But if gentlemen do indeed
remember all these things, where shall we find a
parallel to that boldness of face with which, at this
day, they turn round upon the South and charge
her with having been the first to force this great na-
tional question into the jaws of a fierce scctional
feeling, from which alone it had any danger to ap-
prehend?
Sir, if gentlemen cannot find it in their hearts to
allow us the credit of an enlarged and lofty Ameri-
can patriotism in this matter, they certainly will not
deny us the possession of the ordinary attributes of
common sense and rationality in the pursuit of a
deeply-cherished object. And we should have
had to be utterly devoid of these, if, know-
ing, as we well do, that the South is the weaker sec-
tion, and must be hopeless of success in any mere
sectional contest with the North, we had, neverthe-
less,been guilty of the suicidal foliy of putting on
mere sectional ground?, to be there inevitably wreck-
ed and lost, a question so unequivocally national,
and laying so near our hearts as that of the acquisi-
tion of Texas. I repeat, sir, that upon the northern
and western opponents of this measure rests the
heavy censure of having made it a sectional ques-
tion—of having brought forward their fierce section
al hostility against the slaveholding institutions of
the South as an objection to annexation—thus ta-
king a most fearful and unpatriotic sectional ground
against us. In this manner, sir, have we of the
South been put in the defensive. Yes, sir, we have
been driven to the alternative of either shrinking re-
crcantly from the support and defence of that sys-
tem of society and property under which our ances-
tors and ourselves have lived and prospered, and
under which our children must and will live and
prosper, (unless, indeed, aHaytien dynasty shall be
brought down upon them by the foul and unscrupu-
lous machinations of our foes on both sides of the
Atlantic,)—we have been driven, I say, sir, to the
alternative of either shrinking from the defence o
this system, or of standing up zealously for it,
and vindicating it as furnishing no just and patri-
otic ground of objection to the admission of Tex-
as into the Union. Yes, sir, we have found our-
selves obliged to vindicate it again*t a formidr-
ble host of assailants who deem it God's ser-
vice to make war upon tt, and who avowedly seek
tohrm it in now as a>-oit of outlaw, with the scarce-
ly dissembled design of icusing against it hereafter
the horrid cry of " no qvarttr," whenever time and
circumsfAiices may favor them m going to that
dreadful extiemity.
But, 2-ir, I have now rearhed a point at which I
must again turn to the gentleman from Ohio, [Mr.
BRi:,'KRRTiorK,] and that no inconsiderable corps of
honorab'e members on this floor who agree with
him m thfir vi^vs and wishes on this subject. They
<nt willing to compromise this qntstion with the South.
So umtten they with a sense of the importance
of our nos-cssmg Texas, that they stand ready and
anxious, for the sake of securing so great a boon, to
samnce on the altar of their country, one full half
of th^ir n p 'gnance to slavery. They urge earnest-
ly upon us, as n .sin? <]i>a w-n of the admission of
Texas into the Union, that Jmr territory shall be di-
vided into two equal ports; in one of which slavery
shall be allowed, whilst in the other it shall he for-
ever inhibited. And the gentleman from Ohio ve-
hemently assures us that if we will but accede to
this proposition, Texas shall be ours to-morrow.
And he vaunts the justice and magnanimity of the
North in offering such a proposition, whilst he
taunts the South with being ungenerous and selfish
in refusing to accept it. Ay, exclaims the gentle-
man, the South, with all her boasted largeness and
liberality of soul, is so^exceedingly just and gene-
