272
APPENDIX TO "THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
28th Cong 2d Sess.
Annexation of Texas—Mr, Chappell.
H. of Reps.
rous that she is not content to take the one-half, but
obstinately insists on having the whole to herself
and slavery, and would rather jeopard the loss of
the whole to the country than put up with the allot-
ment pf a half to herself. Hence the gentleman bit-
terly taxes the South with sectional selfishness, and
.with desiring less the acquisition of Texas than
the extension of slavery.
Sir, it has a strange and almost incredible sound
to hear a member of this House from the north-
west of the Ohio river holding language of this sort.
Gentlemen from that quarter must be presumed to
Jcnow well the history of that section of the Union
from which they come, and so knowing it, we might
confidently have expected that they would be incapa-
ble of such imputations on the South as those in
which the gentleman from Ohio has so freely indulged.
For every page of that history is effulgent with the
refutation of those imputations; and effulgent, too,
with proof that it is the North which has gored the
3outh deeply, ungenerously, and unjustly, in ref-
erence to this whole subject of slavery; that it is
the North which has signalized herself by setting
the example of playing, with a bold hand, the game
of not being content with part, but of claiming and
seizing the whole, to herself. The faithful records
of history verify all I say. For, sir, the territory
northwest of the Ohio river, and out of which have
been formed the three States of Ohio, Indiana, and
Illinois, once belonged to the State of Virginia. As
part and parcel of that ancient Commonwealth, it was
the property and domain, not only of a slaveholding
people, but of a people whose wealth consisted
largely in slaves, and whose agricultural system and
habits, growing out of the possession of slaves, had,
for a great while, been such as to render their aid
indispensable in the clearing and cultivation of land,
and in the general economy of farming. Well, sir,
what did Virginia do? What did that great south-
ern agricultural and slaveholding community do
with her northwestern territory? with that vast ex-
panse of fertile and well watered lands which would
not only have formed a rich provision for her chil-
dren through many generations, but the retention
of which by her would have secured forever to her-
self and the South—ay, to the slaveholding section
of the confederacy—an overwhelming preponder-
ance, an impregnable ascendency in federal affairs?
What, I ask, did Virginia do with this, her vast
western domain? Why, sir, towards the close of
the war of independence she ceded m in free gift,
without money, and without price, to the old Con-
gress for the payment of the revolutionary debt and
for the common use of all the States. In her arti-
cles of cession she took care to stipulate for the for-
mation of new States out of the territory she had
thus given away, and for the admission of those
States into the Union. But, sir, it occurred not to
her confiding and patriotic nature to insert one word
in reference to allowing the introduction and owner-
ship of slaves. Not one word, sir, did she think to
put into her deed of cession for the purpose of se-
curing to her own sons and daughters, m their mi-
grations to the rich regions with which she was
parting, the inestimable privilege of carrying along
with them their household gods, their indispensable
property, the faithful servants whom they both
loved and needed-, the modes of life and domestic or-
ganization to which they were born and bred, and
which had become inwrought among the very ne-
cessities of their nature. Sir, she thought not of
stipulating for this inestimable privilege m behalf of
her sons and daughters, because she dreamed not
that any would ever think of taking it away from
them. Sir, does this conduct on the part of Vir-
ginia look like sectional selfishness to the gentleman
from Ohio? Does it look to him like h.-vviug mote
at heart the protection and extension of the institu-
tions of slavery than the spiead and development
of the population, pow er, and grandeur of our eoun-
try?
I leave these questions, Mr. Chairman, to be an-
swered by the gentlemnn to himself, in his calmer
and juster mood, and invite him, in the meanwhile,
to view along with me the other side, the. northern side
of the picture of this greatly important transaction.
And what does he there behold? Nathan Dare, of
Massachusetts, (a man whom the eloquence of Daniel
Webster has at a recent date almost apotheosized for
the deed)—he there beholds, sir, Nathan Dane, of
Massachusetts, standing in the midst of the old
Continental Congress, holding up exultipgly die
scroll whereon was written the ordinance of 1787
for the organization and government of the North-
Western Territory—that Territory which Virginia
had just ceded so generously and confidingly. What
is there m that ordinance at which Nathan Dane and
his northern associates in that Congress so much ex-
ulted, and which their northern successors to this day
so much laud and magnify? What great point was
carried by it for the North5 What foundations were
laid deep and broad in it for securing perpetually
northern supremacy and southern inferiority? What
new lever of tremendous power, planted on the soil
so lately Virginia's, was now secured in northern
hands forever?
A single short clause in the sixth ar-tiele of the
compact which the ordinance creates between the
original States of the confederacy, find the people
of said territory and the States to be formed out of
it, unfolds ali.
"There shall be neither slavery nor involuntary servitude
in the said territory."
Here we sep. standing out in bold relief the selfish
sectional advantage which the North was prompt to
take of the magnificent and generous donation made
by a .southern slaveholding State to the whole Union.
And what were the consequences of the advantage
thus taken? Why, sir, not only were the citizens of
Virginia and the South generally shut out, to a very
effectual extent, from emigration and settlement on
the cheap and fertile lands of that region, and a vir-
tual'monopoly of those blessings thus secured to the
citizens of the North—for where an agricultural
people cannot carry their property and their system
of domestic life and agricultural labor, there they
will be loth to go themselves—not only did this
consequence inevitably follow, sir, from the ordi-
nance of 1787, but there was another consequence
still more dismal and depressing to the South, whilst
it was propitious and aggrandizing to the North in the
highest degree and in the most enduring manner. Yes,
sis, lhat short clause which I have quoted from the
famed ordinance of '87, acted, and was intended to
act, decisively on the balance of power between the
North and South. It caused, and was intended to
cause, the, permanent preponderance to shift from
the southern to the northern side, and to settle down
there forever. Such was the sure and necessary
effect of the inhibit'on contained in that clause, at?
our national limits then stood: for the Mississippi
river was then our western boundary. Behold here,
then, sir, what the South lost on one side by a too
confiding generosity, and what the Noith gained on
the other by a long-sighted, calculating, sectional
policy. Why, sir, but for a great and unfore-
seen event, which happened aftdrwards, this trans-
action would have fixed forever the doom of the
South as a people, too weak to make even a strug-
gle against their own perpetual subjugation under the
yoke of the sectional power of the North.
Permit me, Mr. Chairman, to close this review of
the case of the Northwestern Territory by a single
question: With what face can the North, after hav-
ing, in such a case, and under such circumstances,
seized upon all for herself in the Northwest—with
what face can she now inveigh against the South as
being sectional and selfish in seeking to have all in
Southwest' 1 rejoice in the fact that we are sur-
rounded here by so many gentlemen from the non-
slaveholding States who scorn to join in such in-
vective, or to give, it the slightest countenance by
speech or vote. Their course and their feelings do
infinite honor to themselves and those whom they
represent, and furnish a cheering augury of the fu-
ture destinies of the country, and of her speedy tri-
umph in the great question now pressing upon us
for decision.
But, Mr. Chairman, tlieie are yet other great
facts and gtave considerations pertaining to the sec-
tional relations between the North and South, which
render the half-and-half compromise proposed by
the gentleman from New York, [Mr. Robinson,]
and so zealously espoused by the gentleman from
Ohio, [Mr. Brinkerhoff,] in the highest degree un-
just, unfair, offensive, and inadmissible. We have,
had one compromise already—the Missouri com-
promise—to which the South submitted, making a
virtue of necessity. By that compromise the South
is still willing to stand, both from a principle of
honor and from the continuance of that necessity
which originally forced it upon her. The necessity
to which I refer is that which grows out of the ina-
bility of the South, as the weaker section of the
country, to carry any measure, however dear or im-
portant to her, without yielding to such terms and
conditions as the North, being the stronger section,
may deem fit to impose. The adjustment of the
celebrated Missouri controversy was, in fact, a com-
promise in little else than the name and the thin out- j
er integument of the thing. It was, substantially, a
great victory achieved by the North, and a cftercive
obtainment by her of the grand object for which she
had embarked in a most fearful and unscrupulous
struggle. The object of that struggle was, at bot-
tom, nothing more nor less than a vast expansion of
the prohibitory principle of the ordinance of '87,
over territory extending from- the Mississippi to the
Rocky mountains, which did not belong to us when
the oidmance was adopted, but which had been af-
terwards acquired. The enforcement of that prin-
ciple upon the Northwest Territory, in the manner
J have already detailed, was amply sufficient, so
long as the Mississippi remained our western bound-
ary, for all those ends of perpetual northern sway
and masterdom which northern policy and politi-
cians aimed at. But all their calculations, founded
on the success of this masterly stroke of sectional
stoiesmanship, were frustrated and overthrown,
when, instead of the Mississippi river, the Rocky
mountains became, by the treaty of Louisiana, our
jj acknowledged western boundaiy. The North had
now to go to work anew for securing her old and in-
veterately cherished object of northern non-siave-
holding ascendency in "the Union. And she seized
upon the application of Missouri for admission into
the Union as the 'occasion of making the grand ef-
fort for this object. And she succeeded effectually.
Yes, sir! After a struggle, in which she caused the
very foundations of the confederacy to tremble un-
der the shock of maddened sectional conflict, she
succeeded, at last, in her main object. By the
cheap, conciliatory device of consenting to let in
Missouri as a solitary exception to the restrictive
principle about to be established, she succeded com-
pletely in causing the dark, ominous, anti-southern
line of prohibition of slavery to be solemnly drawn
by law against all that huge extent of territory ced-
ed by Prance to the United States, which lies north
of thirty-six degrees and thirty minutes of north
iatitude; territory sufficient io form some dozen
Missouris, if the map belie it not; and from which
one new non-slaveholding State now stands ready
to come in, as the forerunner of the long train that
is destined to follow.
The gross one-sidedness in favor of the North of
this celebrated arrangement—the Missouri compro-
mise—does not, however, fully develop itself until
we turn to an important event which had then but
recently occurred, affecting deeply the southern side
of the line of the compromise. I allude to the Flori-
da treaty. Texas had become ours as part of Lou-
isiana under the cession made by Prance to us in
1803. In 1819, our government entered into the
treaty of Florida, by which we gave up Texas to
Spam in exchange for the Floridas and Spanish ter-
ritorial claims on the Pacific above the forty-second
parallel of latitude. The South was thus bereaved
of an immense scope of territory, stretching from
the Sabine to the Del Norte, a loss which was but
very little counterbalanced in point of sectional po-
litical strength, by the acquirement of Florida.
This great curtailment of the South by the act of the
treaty-making power, taken in connection with the
heavy anti-southern interdict under which the Mis-
souri comf ronnse soon afterwards, in 1820, laid all
the country (except the State of Missouri) lying
above the parallel of thirty-six degrees and thirty
minutes north latitude, was a death-blow to what-
ever hopes of a future equi-pollence in the Union
the South had been entitled to found on the acquisi-
tion of Louisiana. Yes. sir, these two events, the
loss of Texas and the Missouri restriction put to-
gether, restored with a vengeance the certainty of
northern predominance as the permanent future
state of things; a certainty which the North first ob-
tained for herself by the aforesaid prohibitory ordi-
nance of 1787; but which she afterwards, however,
seemed for a period to have lost forever, in conse-
quence of our vast territorial expansion under die
treaty of Louisiana.
Well, sir, it so happens that now, in the great
whirlpool of human events, things have come
around in such a manner that we have but to
stretch out a friendly, inviting hand, and Texas
grasps it at once, and is ours again. In this
state of things, what do we behold? Why, sir, cer-
tain good friends of Texas in this Hpus'e and else-
where—certain hearty well-wishers to her immedi-
ate union with our country—those friends and well-
wishers being gentlemen, too, belonging to that very
non-slaveholding section which has so vastly
strengthened itself by taking: all northwest of the
Ohio by means of the ordinance of '87, and all west
of the tipper Mississippi, (the State of Missouri ex-
