■m
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
Jan. Ig45.
28th Goi*g 2d Sess.
Annexation of Texas—Mr. Hardin.
H. of Reps.
a jundtmce of declamation on this topic of Mexican
rights. But what were her rights? Was Texas
Hers? Mr. C.'s time would not allow him to argue
this question at large; but he appealed to all gentle-
men who knew the history of our transactions
in relation to broth countries whether we had
not, by our own public acts, solemnly admitted
that Texas was a. province of Mexico no longer.
She has become a sovereign and independent State
by ihe^ rights of successful war and revolution.
The utter inability of Mexico to resubjugate her,
or even to keep up a respectable show of war
for that purpose, has -been palpable to the whole
world for nearly nine years. As a consequence
of this state of things, IVIexico has, under the law
of nations, lost all right of rec©nquest, and would
herself be guilty of a wrong if she attempted it, or
attempted in any manner to interfere with the exer-
cise of perfect independence and self-disposal by
Texas, Mexico having thus lost Texas, having
lost the very right of recovering her by forcible
means of any kind, and being utterly devoid of the
ability to reduce fipr again to subjection, it is obvi-
ous that no question of Mexican rights is really in-
volved in the measure of annexation. Mexico will
neither be a loser by the success of that measure,
nor a gainer by its failure. For all her chances of
ever again possessing Texas are gone, and gone for-
ever m any and every event. And so will those
now presented to the United States soon pass away
if not seized and improved with the greatest prompti-
tude. Let us be guilty of the folly (I had almost
said the criminality) of one more rejection of Tex-
as, and, in all probability, she will quickly be as
much beyond our reach as she is acknowledged to
be beyond that of Mexico. Hence, sir, the ex-
treme importance of laying hold at once of the pres-
ent fleeting opportunity.
Mr. C. was going on to urge the imperative neces-
sity of prompt and decisive action, when he was
brought to a close by the expiration of his allotted
hour.
SPEECH OF MR. HARDIN,
OF ILLINOIS.
In the House of Representatives, January 15, 1845—
On the question of annexation of Texas.
The House being in Committee of the Whole,
and having under consideration the resolutions for
annexing Texas to the United States—.
Mr. HARDIN rose ad said:
Mr. Chairman: In the discussion of this ques-
tion each speaker has presented it in a manner which
to him seemed most imposing. I design exercising
the same privilege. I am opposed to each one of
the propositions before the committee for the annex-
ation of Texas; and I intend discussing the proposed
annexation with reference with reference to its prac-
tical results upon our government and Union.
The constitutionality of the measure has been ar-
gued at length. I expressly waive all discussion on
that point. Was the question of the annexation of
territory a new question, to my mind th« re would
be great doubts of its constitutionality; but I freely
admit that, since the exposition which has been giv-
en to the federal constitution by the congressional
and executive departments of the government, con-
firmed by the decision of the Supreme Court of the
Union, the constitutional question does not strike
my mind as the weightiest objection to the annex-
ation. I am the more disposed to waive any consti-
tutional argument, because of the impossibility of
reaching by arguments those who are the most zeal-
ous advocates of annexation. They claim to be
strict constructionists, par excellance, and confine the
operation of the constitution to the narrowest limits,
per se. They deny the constitutional power of the
general goverment to create a hank, to adopt a pro-
tective tariff, to improve rivers or roads, to distribute
the proceeds of the public lands, and thus deny the
power of the government to do anything to promote
the internal commerce or prosperity of the country.
Having thus limited the power of the government
to do any thing for our own citizens at home, they
have turned their erratic sympathies abroad, and aie
seeking to use all the powers and resources of this
government to give that aid and protection to the
people of a foreign nation which they refuse to our
own. Whilst these gentlemen find constitutional
objections to every measure the deem inexpedient,
they never exhibit any constitutional scruples
whatever in regard to any project which they deem
desirable. With them, if there's a will there's a
way. If the desired measure comes not within
any of the expressly delegated powers of Con-
gress, they pronounce it forthwith a case of impera-
tive and absolute necessity, not provided for, to be
sure, but demanded by necessity, which is superior
to all law; and, acting on thw principle, they forth-
with denounce all who hesitate to go with them.
They remind me of a wild and restive horse in har-
ness. An old steady- horse, when anything gives
way, will stop immediately, and can scarcely be
forced to budge until everything works right; but
when a trace breaks, or the collar pinches a restive,
fiery, southern-blooded colt, he oegms to plunge,
kick, and cavort, and never stops until he has jumped
entirely out of the harness, or has dashed the car-
riage all to atoms. I leave gentlemen to make their
own application. As these strict constructionists
are the peculiar friends of Texas, I have no idea,
therefore, that constitutional scruples will be at all in
the way of annexation.
I will make a statement, or admission, if that,
word suits gentlemen better. Whilst I recognise
the rig;ht of Mexico to subjugate Texas, if she can
do so in fair and open war, which is prosecuted in a
reasonable time, yet I do not admit or recognise the
right of any European or other nation to interfere
with the question of annexation. With the settle-
ment of that subject no other nation than the United
States, Texas, and Mexico, have a right to interfere
in any other way than by tendering friendly advice,
through their diplomatic agents.
I will go still further, and unhesitatingly state that!1
if the proposed annexation should take place by
any of the modes proposed, and the people of Texas
should, in pursuance of treaty or compact stipula-
tions, disband their government and submit to our
laws, elect officers in accordance with the directions
of Congress, and send their representatives to this
Capitol, who should be acknowledged as legal mem-
bers of Congress, in such a contingency, unless
the supreme judicial tribunal should decide the an-
nexation null and void, (which 1 do not antici-
pate,) I should consider Texas should be recognised
as an integral part of this government, bound by
our constitution and laws, and requiring the Vvhole
strength and resources of our government to be ex-
erted in her behalf, if necessary to protect her
against foreign invasion. I will add, that in the con-
test between Texas and Mexico my sympathies are
altogether with the Texians. I should be pleased
to see them released from their embarrassments, and
advancing in prosperity; and I feel gratified that
there is every reason for believing the statement of
the President of Texas that "there is not the least
danger that she will again becomc subject to the
Mexican yoke."
One word in reference to an argument often re-
peated by the friends of annexation, that "if we
don't take Texas Great Britain will.1' Should such
an event be seriously contemplated, in my judgment
the combined powers of the army and navy of this
government should be used, if necessary, to prevent
it. But there is not the least danger of such an oc-
currence. Great Britain is seeking to extend her
dominions in another direction, amidst the densely
settled portions of the Asiatic nations, where she
can find a population to consume her manufactures,
and weak and cowardly tribes who are easily sub-
jected to her dominion.
Great Britain has officially informed our govern-
ment that she desires and contemplates no connec-
tion with Texas, except such as Texas can consist-
ently have by treaty with other nations. Not one
particle of evidence of any kind, "worthy the con-
sideration of this or any other deliberative body,
has been brought forwaid to show any other design
on the part of Great Britain. This dreaded British
interference has been made to assume innumerable
shapes, according to the fancy of cabinet ministers
and stump orators. At one time we were told by
those who were urging immediate annexation-that
Texas had instructed her commissioners, if" the
United States refused to annex her, to proceed to
England and cede her sovereignty to England, and
thus become one of her colonies: just as if it were
possible for the people of Texas to be fit to become
American citizens, if they were thus ready to yield
up to a foreign monarch that highest prerogative of
freemen—the right" of self-government. We were
next alarmed with the allegation that Texas would
put herself under the protection of Great Biitain,
and would form with her an alliance, offensive and
defensive. And, at last, it has dwindled down to
the fear that she might possibly make a commercial
treaty with England. The many Protean shapes
it has assumed proves that it was always designed
to be held up as a bugbear to scare those who had
already prepared themselves to be frightened.
1 will now ask the attention of the committee to
some of the objections to the annexation project,
and the first is the assumption of the unknown debt
of Texas. The fifth article of the treaty which is
now before us for consideration is as follows:
"The United States assume and agree to pay the public
debts and liabilities of Texas, however created, for which
the faith and credit of her government may be bound at the
time of the exchange of the ratifications of this treaty,
which, debts and liabilities are estimated not to exceed, m
the whole, ten millions of dollars,, to be ascertained and
paid in the manner hereinaftei stated."'
It will be seen that our government ageees to pay
all the debts of Texas, however created; although
there is added, as a salvo, that these debts are esti-
mated not to exceed ten millions of dollars. But
why do we agree to pay any part of the debt of
Texas? Is it because her lands are worth ten mil-
lions? Certainly not. For, if that were the case, it
would have been stipulated that the United .States
should only pay as much as the lands would sell for,
or should be ascertained to be worth. No. The
reason why we agree to pay her debt is, that at the
moment ef annexation Texae will cease to be a na-
tion, becomes a dependency of theUnited;States, and
can no longer provide for the payment of her debts.
She surrenders her lands, her armies, and navies,
and government to this Union; and we, in consider-
ation of this surrender, and as a necessary conse-
quence of it, become bound for her debts, and in-
volved in her wars. It is true that, in' the sixth ar-
ticle of the treaty, it is attempted to limit the
amount to be paid by the United States, by stating
that commissioners shall be appointed to ascertain
the debts of Texas, and if they shall be found to
exceed ten millions of dollars, then they shall be
scaled down to that sum, and the creditors paid pro
rata. If the debts shall amount to twenty millions,
as they doubtless will, then the creditors of Texas,
who will then be our creditors, are to be paid bat
fifty cents on the dollar of their demands. What
becomes of the other 50 per cent, of their demands?
Why, sir, it will be lepudiated! Not, sir, by the gov-
ernment of Texas, for she will have ceased to be a
separate government; but it will be repudiated by
the United States, who have agreed to pay all her
debts, however created, and who, by the laws of
nations, as well as the well-settled principles of law
and common sense, are liable for those debts. How-
ever you endeavor to bind these creditors, they will
unceasingly petition Congress for the payment of
the repudiated part of their claims, and, sooner or
later, their demands will have to be adjusted.
And what is the amount-of these debts and liabil-
ities of Texas' It is strange, but it is not the less
true, that no man in the United States or Texas can
do more than guess* what their debt is. The amount
of her debt has not been ascertained by the govern-
ment of Texas since January, 1841, a period of four
years; or, if it has, it has studiously concealed it
from the public eye. Her debt is vaiiously estima-
ted at from twenty to sixty millions. When it is
recollected that, during her whole existence as an
independent State, she has been involved in continu-
al war with Mexico and various Indian tribes, and
in a sparsely settled country, where provisions and
all the necessary munitions of war are extravagant-
ly high, and when we reflect that she has had ex-
pensive missions to various foreign courts, and has
had to eiect public buildings for the accommodation
of the various branches of her government, it must
be acknowledged that the sum of sixty millions
seems the more probableamountof her debt. I have
recently seen it stated in the Missouri Republican,
one of our best papers in the West, that there have
been three issues of Texas script or treasury notes.
The amount of the first issue was known; but of the
two last issues no account was kept of the amount
paid out, and some of it, if not all, was paid out at
the rate of eight dollais for one. There must have
been some such loose and wasteful expedient adopt-
ed, or there would be no difficulty in ascertaining
the real amount of her debt. Is there not occasion
to pause, before we take any step which will amount
to the assumption of this hydra-headed debt?
It does appear to me that, if the resources of our
government are so great that gentlemen have to dis-
tress themselves to find an object to relieve by
their overflowing bounty, they need not tortuie
themselves into sympathy for a foreign State.
There are a number of our own States involved m.
debt, and among them the one which I in part rep-
