*76
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
Jan. 1845.
28th Cong 2d
Jifinexation of Texas—Mr. Hardin.
H. of Beps.
er and reannexed all the eountry north of us to
Baffin's bay and the Frozen Ocean, we V/il' turn our
warlike eyes to Cuba, which is the key of the Gulf
of Mexico; and as that would be very convenient
for us, we would foithwith demolish the dominion
of Spain in that fertile island. That would be an-
other opportunity, which should not be neglected,
of "extending the area of freedom," by adding the
vaetnnrtibers of slaves which abound in that island
to the limited number in our southern States. Such
a reannexution of the island to the continent would
doubtless soothe the-expansive patriotism of sundry
overburdened patriots.
Having thus whetted our national appetite to the
true bloou and pillage point, we would only have to
listen to the eloquent gentleman from Indiana, [Mr.
Owen,] the more eloquent one from Ohio, [Mr.
Dean,] and the most eloquent one from Maine,
[Mr. Cahy, ] as they exhumed, in their vivid im-
aginations, murdered women and tomahawked chil-
dren, who had slept quietly in their graves ten or
twenty years, and whom they never thought of cry-
ing over when they were killed, and see them in
this hall go through the edifying spectacle of re-
sca'ping and retomahawking them, by way of evin-
cing their congressional skill in such exercises, and
we would forthwith be prepared to turn all our
forces on "barbarous Mexico." And whilst our
armies wei  overthrowing all opposition, and sub-
sisting, as was once suggested in this hall, on the
plunder of their churches, our savans would be ex-
ploring the ruins of Uxmal, Palenque, and other
cities of the past; and our Yankee pedagogues would
find ample employment in teaching the old Mexican
ideas how tQ reshoot.
■A-id then, sir, having subdued and recivilized
Mexico, if any South American republic should
dare to Question the dictum of one of our cabinet,
(the Secretary of War,) who had recently the fore-
thought to call the Gulf of Mexico "our sea," we
Would soon make it so by overwhelming the whole
of them with our power. And, as our hand would
be in, and our armies in good walking order, we
would proceed to Brazil, and skin all their hides,
and then tan them for them. Our patriotism would
soon find itself cramped, and would overflow into
Peru and Chili, where we would take occasion to ex-
hibit to the lazy natives Yankee ingenuity in working
their mines, and southern profusion in spending
their money. And, as for the frozen colony of
Russia in the north, we would only have to make a
demonstration against it, under the lead of some of
the southern chivalry, and the weak and pusillani-
mous Czar of all the Russias would gather ap his
furs and withdraw from this continent in alarm.
The whole continent would thus be re-annexed, and
the most expansive wish of enlarged patriotism
would then be gratified. I trust no gentleman im-
agines me to be in jest! Nothing could be easier
for "the most free and enlightened nation of the
earth," as Sam Slick calls us, than to thrash Eng-
land, France, Spain, and Russia, and to expel them
from the colonies which they hold on this continent
and in the West Indies, and then to re-annex and
the re-civilize all South America, and thus make
this an ocean-bound republic! Why, sir, if all the
forces of the world were combined against us, we
would only have to bow our backs against the
Alleghany mountains, and kick all creation beyond
the utmost confines of infinity!
I now approach, Mr. Chairman, that branch of
this question which every man on this floor knows
is the true issue, and the strong point in this project.
Although you will occasionally hear some northern
democrat, who is afraid of the effect of this question
amongst his constituents, say that slavery has noth-
ing to do with annexation, yet you hear no south-
ern man say any such thing. On the contrary, al-
though southern members have been more prudent
during this debate than heretofore, yet every man
knows that in private conversation now, and in the
debates on this subject during the present and last
session, it has been avowed that the object was to
extend the slave territory for the express purpose
of protecting the South in her slave property. It has
been urged that this government guarantied the
South in her rights to her slaves, and that this was
a case of absolute necessity, colling for the inter-
vention of the general government, to afford to the
South adequate protection for slavery. Whoever
has read the correspondence on this subject of the
Secretaries of State knows that Mr. Upshur first,
and Mr. Calhoun since, have placed this question of
MHte>a'ion upon the grounds of the necessity of
th* "peculiar institution* of the &)«th."
If we inquire whence comes this necessity, we are
promptly answered, it originates front the agitation
of the subject of abolition in this hall and in the
North. To speak plainly, we know that southern
men, who believe annexation will be an injury to
their States, by decreasing the value of all real es-
tate, and withdrawing a portion of their population,
yet support this annexation project for the sole rea-
son that they consider it to be an offset or security
against abolition agitation, by extending and perpet-
uating slaveryIt is due to truth to acknowledge
that the abolitionists have contributed much to bring
about this state of things. But let not southern
gentlemen throw all the blame on them. If they
had not violated what a large majority of the Amer-
ican people consider "the invaluable right of peti-
tion," by the adoption of the 21st rule, there would
not have been one-tenth of this abolition agitation
at the North. By their own impetuous and impru-
dent conduct, they have given rise to the discussion
of the question of slavery in this Hall and through-
out the country; and now they come forward urging
this very agitation as the-main reason for the annex-
ation of Texas.
But let us examine thi3 doctrine of necessity a
little further. Whenever a nation perpetrates an
act not authorized by its constitution, or the laws of
nations, or the principles of strict justice, under the
plea of necessity, it has always been understood to
be the necessity of self-preservation as a nation.
Now, sir, does this necessity for the annexation of
Texas arise from danger, or fear even, of injury
from France, or England, or Mexico? Not at all.
The necessity does not arise, then, from the act of
any foreign nation. Whence, then, does it arise?
Plainly and frankly, from the alleged necessity of
protecting the South in her slave property against
the dreaded dangers of the abolitionists of the
North. It is an open demand from the southern
States on the general government to interfere in their
behalf to protect them against the northern States.
Nor is this all. They call in Texas, a foreign na-
tion, to come to their assistance by throwing into
the scale her broad acres, on which, it is said, none
but negroes can labor. What, sir, is '.his, but de-
manding the powers of the general government, and
calling in the aid of a foreign nation, to interfere in
behalf of one portion of our common country
against another? This is the plain exhibition of
this doctrine of necessity, when stripped of its par-
aphernalia. Let me ask whether you gentlemen of
the South are resolved to persist in such demands,
and whether you gentlemen of the North are pre-
pared to sanction such doctrines? For years, south-
ern members have denounced, in most bitter terms,
the reception. of petitions which refer to slavery,
and they have (very properly, in my opinion) de-
nied the right of the general government to interfere
with slavery at all in the slave States.
But here, sir, We see them forgetting all their ar-
guments and denunciations, and requesting the di-
rect interference of the government to enable them
to hold their slaves more securely, and to open a
new field for the slave labor of the South. These
gentlemen, m their "progressive democracy," have
given another exhibition of the old adege, that "ex-
tremes often meet." For, let them remember that
the only persons in the North who agree with them
in the right of this government to interfere with the
institution of slavery, are the political abolitionists.
They contend that this government has the right to
interfere with slavery by abolishing it; the southern
annexationists contend that the government has a
right to interfere by extending and perpetuating it.
Truth lies between these extremes. And I have no
doubt I speak the sentiments of nineteen-twentieths
of the northern people when I say that they are will-
ing to stand by the constitution as it is; and whilst
they admit that neither the free States nor this gov-
ernment have a right to interfere with the question
of slavery in the slave States, they at the same time
deny the right of this government to interfere in
any manner in behalf of the institution of slavery.
Mr. Chairman, I am no abolitionist; there are but
few in my district, and I am not under their influ-
ence. I was born and lived till manhood in a slave
State, surrounded in my father's house by numbers
of slaves. I feel that just pride in the place of my
nativity which will follow a Kentuckian to the ends
of the earth. In that land of noble sentiments and
unbounded hospitality I stilt, have scores of rela-
tions who are bound to me by ties that are insepara-
ble. I have no prejudices against slaveholders; but,
on the contrary, when I hear them censured for own*
isif slav^ m.y sympathies wt saMed in vheir be-
half. I know that slavery is not an institution of
their creation, nor is it one that it is easy to abro-
gate. I admit the difficulties with which they, are
surrounded, even if they desired to emancipate their
slaves. Standing, sir, in this position, and now rep-
resenting on this floor a free State, as southern cabi-
net ministers and southern members of Congress in-
sist upon this government taking active 'measures in
behalf of slavery, and laud it as the greatest blessing
which has been granted us as a nation, I shall take
the occasion to tell southern gentlemen some truths
on this subject.
The immense majority of the people of the free
States do not desire to interfere with slavery in the
slave States, in the slaveholding Territories, or in
the District of Columbia. All they ask is that this
government keep free from any connection with
slavery further than the constitution now recognises
it; and that southern politicians let them alone and
seek not an excuse-for denouncing the whole North
because of the opinions of the comparatively small
number who are political abolitionists. They have
good right to complain when southern members
give way to miserable prejudices, or pander ,to the
vitiated taste of their own districts, and denounce
the North as wanting in patriotism, and insinuate
that southern is better than northern blood, just as
though, in this government of perfect individual
equality, the purity of every man's blood was not
tested by his actions.
In the North, sir, we do not believe that slavery
is a blessing in any sense: it may be a convenience
and a source of great individual wealth, but it is far
from being a blessing. When we examine the re-
turns of the census, and perceive that the free States,
with less genial soil and climate than the slave
States, have yet far outstripped the latter in the ra-
tio of population and wealth; and when we see Ken-
tucky, with a fairer start and a richer soil, so far ex-
celled in the elements of wealth by her sister Ohio,
we are persuaded that slavery is not a blessing to
the wealth of a State. When we look around us in
the new free States, and see nearly one-half the pop-
ulation natives of slave States, many of whom have
moved to get rid of slavery, and turning iv.r eyes to
our native States, find many of the most wealthy
counties actually decreasing in population, we are
convinced that slavery adds not to the population of
a State. When we travel through the southern
States and see the immense tracts of uncultivated
land belonging to large landholders, and see the
miserable houses and cabins in which all the slaves
and many of the whites reside, and contrast them
with the denser settlements and more comfortable
Ileuses of the farmers in the North, we are certain
slavery is no blessing to the soil. And when we re-
member that on nearly all the large plantations of the
South it is considered disreputable for the white
children to do any kind of regular work, and that
idleness and its attendant vices supply the place of
honest labor, we know that slavery is no blessing
to those who are raised amid it. Sir, I speak the
sentiments not only of the North, but I know a
large portion of the South, when 1 say that -1 con-
sider slavery as the greatest curse which has been
inflicted on our land. It is an injury to the wealth,
to the soil, to the population, to the true happiness,
and, especially in its moral aspects, is it an evil to
every child, white and black, that is born within its
unfortunate influences. And, sir, in these senti-
ments we find the concurring opinions of Washing-
ton, Jefferson, Madison, Monroe, Marshall, and
many other distinguished patriots ofthe South, who
never seemed to have dreamed of that maxim of the
present Secretary of State, [Mr. Calhoun,] that sla-
very and national prosperity are identica!.
Such, sir, are the feelings entertained, almost
unanimously, in the free States; and when gentle-
men insist upon theaid of this government to extend
the limits and perpetuate the exioteuce of slavery,
they ask that which is revolting to the mind of near-
ly every northern man. The free States are willing
to stand by the compromises ofthe constitution; but
the South is seeking to disturb them by the addi-
tion of territory, which, it is said, will form several
new slave States, which will thus give her the as-
cendency in the councils of the nation. Let it be
remembered that the treasury of the nation has al-
ready purchased territory out of which three slave
States have been made—Louisiana, Arkansas, and
Missouri—whilst Iowa is the only territory formed
out of that purchase which is likely to be admitted
as a free State for many years, and Florida is
ready to tome in with her. This question, as_ it w
urg«4, do«  not p*mk« of an <mlar|ed wueaal
