APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSiONAL GLC)fe
Feb.: 1845,
28th Cong 2d Sess.
Rhode Island Controversy—Mr. Williams.
H. of Heps.
hence can frame and adopt a valid constitution
without, as well as through, the intervention of an
acting government. They become to constitutions
what constitutions are to legislatures, and what
laws are to their administrators—the higher and
controlling power.
It also follows, from the people being the legiti-
mate authors of constitutions and governments^hat
the people are the propci judges of the necessity of
their reform and amendment, and of the invasion of
their own rights- Their liberty and well-being not
less imperatively require the power to change than
to institute government.
It also follows, for a people to exercise the right
is not, in any proper sense, unlawful, but as legiti-
mate as for a legislature to enact constitutional
laws.
The moment, sir, we acknowledge the right of
the people to self-government, we give them full,
ample, and complete jurisdiction over the whole
subject. They then become, above all other, the le-
gal authority to frame, alter, and amend constitu-
tions, and the only ultimate tribunal to remodel gov-
ernments. They are bound by no musty charters
from kings, and need wait the dilatory action of no
rotten-borough assembly. If sovereign—that is, if
they possess the highest civil and political power in
the State—then they are answeiable to no human
tribunal, and are circumscribed by no laws but those
of justice and their God. That is the only power
to which they owe allegiance when acting in their
sovereign capacity, and to which they can be right-
fully subjected.
The people may, if they see fit, act through the
medium oflegislative forms and edicts; and where
there are suitably prescribed forms and modes for
forming or amending constitutions, such as will
give full effect to the popular will, I hold they
should act through such forms. It will generally
be found the best mode for the remedy of grievan-
ces. But if sovereign, or superior to political organ-
izations they can be under no possible obligation,
in the absence of such forms and modes, to apply to
their legislative servants for permission to call a con-
vention to frame a constitution. To require the
people to do so, is inconsistent with their right to
self-government.
It is a gross absurdity to declare the people to
possess an inherent and inalienable right to alter,
abolish, and institute government, and then to deny
them the exercise of this right except at the will and
pleasure of a minority government. If inherent, it
is not a right derived from an organization of state,
but must be before and above human government—
a right that belongs to man as a member of the hu-
man family. If inalienable, it cannot be chartered
away, relinquished, or parted with. It becomes an
attribute of humanity, distinct from and superior to
government, that attaches to the people at all times.
Who, then, are to determine the time, manner,
and extent of its exercise, but those who possess the
inherent and inalienable right? There can be no
other legitimate tribunal in opposition to their will.
This theory of government is necessary to legiti-
mate popular liberty. It alone places it upon a firm
• and enduring basis, by making opposition to tyran-
ny lawful. Freedom from oppression it claims not
only as a boon, but as a birthright—inalienable and
indefeasible. It teaches that individual rights are
not surrendered; but only their protection. It
recognises man not only as having duties to per-
•form, but rights to exercise. It regards the people
not only collectively ar, a nation, but as individuals
capable of self-government, created for and suscepti-
ble of happiness and improvement. It makes gov-
ernment the agent, and not the master of the peo-
ple—an instrument for the elevation and advance-
ment of humanity.
Now, this doctrine if? all that is contended for by
oy the advocates of the people's constitution. They
claimed no power, and have exercised no power,
not involved m the formation of this government,
•and not recognised and advocated by its founders.
They proclaimed, in the declaration of our indepen-
dence, these great and important principles:
"We hold these truths to be self-evident: that all wen fire
created equal; that they are endowed by theii Creutoi u ith
certain inalienable rights, that among thes.** are life liberty,
and the pursuit of happiness. That, to secure these lights,
governments are instituted among men, deriving their just ,
powers from the consent of the governed, that whenever |
any foini of government becomes destructive of these eiu's.
it is the right of the people to alter or abolish it, ami to insti-
tute new government, laying its foundations on <?uch princi-
ples, and organizing its po<\ crs in such form, as to them
shall seem most likely to effect their safety and happiness"
Taking these positions, Mr, Speaker, for granted,
the people of Rhode Island proceeded to frame and
adopt such a constitution as to* "them seemed'most
likely to effect their safety and happiness." The
principle involved in their procedings, is the right of
the people to remodel their government without the
permission of the charter government, and this de-
pends upon the correctnc.^ of the doctrines pro-
claimed by our fathers.
Is the declaration of our independence to be re-
garded as authority? Are its principles true? Do
they afford ample justification to the founders of our
government? If so, then those principles are suffi-
ciently broad and expansive to afford like justifica-
tion to the advocates and supporters of the people's
constitution in Rhode Island.
The constitutionalists stand justified, and may le-
gitimate their proceedings by the first great princi-
ple announced in the declaration, that all men are
created equal, with inalienable rights to life, liberty,
and the pursuit of happiness. This was the primal
truth, and the foundation principle on which our pa-
triot sires proceeded to institute government. It was
not a new doctrine with them. It had been taught
by the most enlightened champions of freedom in
different ages of the world; was proclaimed by the
apostle when he declared that "God had created all
nations of one blood;" and is a necessary conse-
quence of the brotherhood of man. But the founders
of our government had a clearer perception of its
importance, brought it forward more, prominently,
and made it the rallying point for the friends of free-
dom and humanity. They were the first to organ-
ize government upon its basis. Other governments
had been formed to uphold the pretensions of favor-
ed classes, of monarchies, hierarchies, and aristoc-
racies; but it is the glory of ours that it was instituted
in the spirit of a more expansive philanthropy, to
secure to the people the enjoyment of their inalien-
able rights.
And who constitute the people? Not alone "the
organized legal people" recognised by Rhode Island
courts, the mere landholders; not alone the kings,
lords, and priests of the Old "World;
♦'Not starred and spangled courts,
Where low-bowed baseness wafts perfume to pride
No; men, noble-minded men"—
c< All men," is the comprehensive language of those
who declared that we are, and of right ought to be,
a free and independent nation. "Ail men created
equal;" hence no one man has, by nature, a greater
right to rule than another. All men with "inaliena-
ble rights;" hence the right to self-government can-
not be given away or surrendered by the men of any
generation.
What tyrant-killing doctrine! No wonder the
men who uphold governments violative of the equ&l
rights of man should desire to have it pass for a
mere rhetorical flourish. It strikes a blow at the
root of all oppression. It recognises no allegiance
due to arbitrary governments, and requires no per-
mission from lordly officeholders or oppressors for
the people to organize or to reorganize governments.
The constitutionalists stand justified, and may
legitimate their proceedings by the second great
principle of the declaration, "that to secure these
rights—life, liberty, and the pursuit of happiness-
governments "are instituted among men, deriving
their just powers from the consent of the governed."
It does not recognise the pre-eminence of State or-
ganization over the people. It teaches us to look
beyond the State, beyond political institutions, into
the bosom of humanity, to the rights of uieh indi-
vidual to self government, for the source of political
power. It seeks in man rights, and in State organi-
zation their protection. Governments are but ser-
vants and agents. Their power* are all derived
from the people—are all matter of agreement. They
exist rightfully—not by ar,y inherent right of rulers,
or or privileged classes, but by "the consent of the
governed," by the consent of the intelligent and
moral masses who compose the community, by
whose toil the wealth is created, and by whose valor
our land is defended. The claims of those exer-
cising civil authority, are, therefoie, subordinate to
the prior and higher rights of the governed. For an
existing government, then, to dictate terms to the
people m the formation or amendment of constitu-
tions, is usurpation, is "rebellious agency,'" but not
so for the people to exercise the power without the
consent of government. T^e relation of principal
and agent, existing between the people and govern-
ment, implies subordination and accountability to
the supeiior; and the power of dismissal or change.
The validity of government being vested in the con-
sent of the governed, necessarily carries with it the
power to dissent, invalidate it, or to reorganize
anew, and this independent of the will of the organ-
ized authorities, or the power would be .nugatory.
The constitutionalists stand justified, and may
legitimate their proceedings, by the third great prin-
ciple of the declaration, the right of the people to
alter or' abolish government whenever it becomes
destructive of its ends, and to institute a new gov-
ernment "in such form' as to 'them shall seem
most likely to effect their safety and happiness."
As the people are the source of political
power, and as governments are instituted for
the well being of the governed, nothing can be
clearer than that they must of right, and as a ne-
cessary consequence, possess the power to friake it
conform to its end; and may, therefore, exercise the
power as often as necessity may require. And of
this necessity the governed, for whose protection
governments are instituted, are pre-eminently the
proper judges. It would be suicidal and the height
of folly to intrust the power to those whose abuses
make a change and reform desirable, and whose in-
terests lead to encroachments upon the rights and
well being of the people. The principle of self-
preservation, and the right to life, liberty, and the
pursuit of happiness, give it to the governed, and
make it their duty, whenever government fails of
accomplishing its great ends, to throw it off and in-
stitute such as will answer the purpose.
"The government's ungirt when justice dies;
And constitutions are nonentities."
Such are the great principles of the declaration of
our independence; and if they have any binding
forces—if they are anything better than a mockery
of truth, justice, and the people's rights, they jus-
tify, legalize, and legitimate the course of the con-
stitutionalists, and-give to the people an undoubted
light to reorganize their government as often as
they may judge it to be for their safety and happi-
ness.
The correctness of these principles were repeat-
edly recognised by the charter authorities. They
were a party to the declaration of our independence;
they adopted its principles; they appealed to them
in common with the friends of national independence
to justify the institution of a new government; and
they were bound, by every principle of justice, to
abide by them. Nor can they escape from their ap-
plication by declaring them to be, as in the minority
report, only "an argument of justifiable revolution,
not the reservation of the privilege of peaceful re-
form."
Such a construction is not only forced and con-
trary to the assertion that governments, derive their
just powers from the consent of the governed, and
the alleged right of the people to alter, abolish, and
institute government; but contrary both to the prin-
ciples promulgated by those authorities after the
establishment of our independence, and to those of
the great and liberty-loving founder of that State.
In speaking of civil government, Roger Williams
says:
'•The sovereign and original foundation lies in the people,
whom they must needs mean distinct from the government
«et up, and il' so, then a people may erect and establish what
form of government seems to them most meet for their civil
condition It is evident that such governments as are by
them enacted and established, have no more power, and for
no longer time, than the civil power or jnopU consenting,
r>ud agreeing "betrust them with This is? not only m
reason, but in the experience of all commonv?ealtns where
the people are not depnved of their natural freedom/'
This right of the people to exercise the powers of
self-government for the remedy of grievances has
been taught and enforced by the most distinguished
patriots and statesmen of our country.
Jefferson says:
"It is not only the tight, but the thJij, oftr.os. now on the
siai'eofactronAo change the laws and Ututions of gov-
ernment to keeppace with the progress of knowledge, the
li^ht of science, ami the ameKoiation of the condition of
society. Nothing h to be ( onsidered unchangeable but the
inherent and inalienable rights of man "
Madison says:
"It is essential to such a government (a republican one)
that it be derived from the great body of the society, not
from an inconsumable pioportion or a favored class; other-
wise a handful 01 tj ranneal nobles, exercising their op-
pressions by ct delegation of powei, n>u>lit aspire to the
rank of republicans, and claim for their government the
honorable title oi republic '
Patrick Henry says:
"This. ?ir, is the language of democracy—that a majority
of the community have u right to alter their government,
when found to be oppressive "
Edmund Pendleton, president of the Virginia
convention for the consideration and adoption of the
United States constitution, said, in reference to th$
provision for amendment:
