Feb. 1845,
APPENDIX to Ttffi congressional gloss.
m
28th Cong 2d Sess.
Rhode Island Controversy—Mr. Williams.
H. of Reps.
"We, the people, possessing all power, form a govern-
ment, such as we think will secure happiness; and suppose,
in adopting this plan, we should be mistaken in the end:
where is the cause of alarm in that quarter? In the same
plan we point out an easy and quiet method of reforming
what may be found amiss. No, but, say gentlemen, we
have put the introduction of that method in the hands of
our servants, who will interrupt it from motives of self-
interest. "Whatthen* We will resist, did my friend say,
conveying an id^a of force' Who shall dare resist the peo-
ple? No, we will assemble in convention, wholly recall our
delegated powers, or rejort/i them so as to prevent' such
abuse.'1''—Debates p. 50.
In the Virginia convention, held in 1829 and 1830
to frame a State constitution, a resolution was intro-
duced "to provide a mode in which future amend-
ments shall be made therein," and it was rejected,
on the ground that the people would have the right
to make such amendments without any such consti-
tutional provision The vote stood 25 yeas to 68
nays. Among the latter are the names of James
Madison, Chief Justice Marshall, John Randolph,
and other distinguished statesmen of that State.
Randolph said that it was impossible, by any
"scribbling on parchment," to prevent future altera
tions. "By what spell, by what formula, are you
going to bind the people to all future time? Qwis
custodiet custodes? The days of Lycurgus are gone
by, when he could swear the people not to alter the
constitution until he should return."
Ex-Presidents Jackson and Van Buren nave both
written letters to committees of the suffrage party,
sanctioning the principle contended for.
George M. Dallas, the Vice President elect, in his
letter to the Pennsylvania convention, says:
"A con\ention is? the provided machinery of peaceful
revolution it is the civilived substitute for intestine war;
the .American mode of carrying out the will oi the majority,
the inalienable and indefeasible right to alter, reform, or
abolish their government m such manner as they may think
proper."
Senator Buchanan, in his speech on the admission
of Michigan, said:
"It is now too late m the day. in our favored land, to con-
tend that the people cannot change their lorm of govern-
ment at pleasuie. The glorious experiment whicn we ore
trying in this country would prove a total failure, if we
should now decide that the people, in no situation, and un-
der no circumstance5:, can hold a convention without the
pre\ Ions consent of their own legislature."
Senator Benton said:
'•The p^opli- of any State may, at any time, meet in con-
\ention, without o law of tluur legislature, and without any
provision in then constitution, arid mav alter or abolish the
whole frame of government as they please. The sovereign
power to govern themselves was in the majority, and they
could not be divested of it
The same principle has been incorporated into the
constitutions of most of the States of this Union.
That of Massachusetts declares, that "the people
alone have an incontestable, inalienable, and inde-
feasible right to institute government, and to reform,
alter, or totally change the same, when their pro-
tection, safety, prosperity, and happiness require
it." In the language of the Virginia constitution,
"a majority of the community hath an indubitable,
unalienable, and indefeasible right to reform, alter,
or abolish it, in such manner as shall be judged most
conducive to the public weal."
But the constitutionalists have not only principle
but precedents to sustain them.
When the patriots of the revolution instituted our
government, did they deem the consent and permis-
sion of the British government necessary to its va-
lidity? Nothing of the kind. They appealed from
British arrogance to man's natural rights. They re-
quired no other power of attorney than the inalien-
able right of the people to determine in what man-
ner they will be governed.
When the constitution of the United States was
formed and adopted, was compliance with the arti-
cles of confederation deemed essential? Those arti-
cles expressly declare that no alteration shall, "at
any time hereafter, be made m any of them, unless
such alteration be agreed to in a Congress of the
United States, and be afterwards confnmed by the
legisldtuie of every State." Congress only declared
it to be expedient for a convention of delegates to
be held, and that "for the sole and express purpose
of revising the articles of confederation." But
these restrictions were wholly set at naught. In es-
tablishing the constitution, the Supreme Court of
the United States say, "the people exercised their
own rights, and their own proper sovereignty;" and,
conscious of the plenitude of it, they declared, with
becoming dignity, "we, the people of the United
States, do ordain and establish this constitution:"
and it was established, not by virtue of any act of
Congress, but by virtue of the assent of, and adop-
tion by, the people of the several States.
That constitution was objected to, as in the case
of the people's constitution of Rhode Island, that
the convention which framed it had no legal author-
ity; but it was justified by Mr. Madison, not by the
right of revolution, but on the grounds "that forms
ought to give way to substance; that a rigid adher-
ence, in such cases, to forms, would render nominal
and nugatory the transcendent and precious right of
the- people to abolish or alter their government;"
that "no ill-timed scruples, no zeal for adhering to
ordinary forms, were anywhere seen, except in
those who wished to indulge, under these masks,
their secret enmity to the substance contended for."
We have other precedents in the adoption of the
constitutions of Michigan and Arkansas. The
constitutions of those States were both framed and
adopted without the intervention of any act or the
consent of Congress; and, after full deliberation,
were sanctioned by Congress, notwithstanding the
proceedings were denounced as informal, unau-
thorized, and revolutionary.
If, sir, you deny the power of the people over
the forms of governments, one of two things fol-
lows: either there is to he no change which would
deprive the people of all the benefits derived from
the light of experience, and perpetuate institutions
after they had outlived their usefulness; or the
change is to be left with and made only at the dis-
cretion of those exercising civil authority.
The first supposition, that no change should, un-
der any circumstances, be allowed, is too absurd to
find sane and intelligent advocates. But the second
supposition (which is the doctrine contended for by
those on the opposite side) is scarcely less objec-
tionable or less adverse to the progress of improve-
ment.
It takes for granted that those exercising civil
power will make all the changes required for the
welfare of society, which is contrary to experience
and the selfish nature of man. The tendency of the
governing interest ever has been to aggrandize itself
at the expense of the rest of the community.
Hence class government and class legislation have
been the scourges of our race.
To whom, sir, is the world indebted for improve-
ments in government? Not to irresponsible rulers.
Popular liberty has not been the voluntary grant of
minority governments, but wrung from them by the
toil and blood of suffering humanity.
Why has our government been constituted one of
the people? Because all history shows that the
governing interest must be the general interest, in
order to promote and secure the general welfare.
Substitute a minority interest, and you break down
the barrier against oppression; you destroy the only
safeguard of popular liberty. Wherever the few
have governed, you see, on the one side, wealth
and luxury and splendor; and, on the other, degra-
dation and suffering, and
"Wronged poverty,
Sending her eyes to heaven swimming in tears.'*
If, then, the tendency of delegated power is to
abuse—if it is the nature of the governing interest
to enrich itself—what is to prevent the many from
being pillaged by the few, if the institutions of a
country can onljr be reformed by the consent of a
governing minority? Look at the consequences of
the doctrine.
It makes it criminal for the people to alter or
amend forms of government against the consent of
those m office, no matter how great the majority op-
pressed, or how great their grievances; thereby
making men subservient to oppressors and submis-
sive to wrongs.
It does not acknowledge the dependence of gov-
ernment upon the people, but exalts the creature
above its creator, and forms above substance.
It does not recognise natural and inalienable
rights, but regards the people's liberties as mere
privileges, dependent upon the will and pleasure of
governors.
It reverses the doctrine that "the people sye the
best guardians of their own rights," and involves
the absurdity that the people must give up their
rights to be preyed upon by rulers, to secure their
enjoyment to themselves. In other words, that the
people must have masters in order to be free.
It tends to the centralization and perpetuation of
power in the hands of the few—the great source of
oppression, and the great bane of popular liberty.
It leaves the people no remedy for wrongs but in
rebellion and bloody revolution.
It invalidates our own government; and you must
roU back the tide of time-and events, to enable our
fathers to obtain the consent of the British rulers to
institute a new and valid government.
It brands the martyred patriots of the revolution
with the crime of treason.
It requires the consent of the tyrant for the abo-
lition of tyranny, and thereby erects an intermina-
ble barrier against all improvement.
It leaves the oppressed at the mercy of the op-
pressor, and would doom the down-trodden millions
of earth to an eternity of bondage.
Such a doctrine cannot be in harmony with the
spirit of our free institutions. It is not that of a
government of the people, but of one over, above,
and in spite of, the people. It is not the American,
but the European, theory of government. It is not
the doctrine of popular liberty, but that of the
crowned heads of Europe—the one enforced by the
Holy Alliance to suppress the European movement
for free governments.
In their circular upon the restoration of the Bour-
bons—
"In the name of the most holy and indivisibly Trinity,
their Majesties the Emperor of Austria, the King of Prus-
sia, and the Emperor ol Russia, solemnly declare that use-
ful and necessary changes in legislation and administration
ought only to emanate front the ftet will and intelligent con-
tiction of those whom God has rendered responsible forpox&ei''
All that deviates from this line necessarily leads to disorder,
commotions, and evils far more insufferable than those
hicli they pretend to remedy."
The principle thus promulgated by the despots of
Europe, to uphold the arbitrary governments of the
Old World, is the same with that now advocated by
the opponents of the Rhode Island suffrage party,
to sustain hoary abuses in America. They both
alike require all changes to emanate from the consti-
tuted authorities of the State. They both alike in-
vest the sovereignty in the State organization—in
the governing class—whether that consists of a ma-
jority, as in most of the States of this Union, or of
a small minority, as under the charter government
of Rhode Island, or of one person, as in the case of
an absolute monarch.
Had our revolution operated only as a mere
change of rulers—a mere transfer of sovereignty
from one State organization to another—there would
be some pretence for the doctrine contended for.
But our revolution had a more life-giving principle
of liberty. It effected not only a change of rulers,
but a change in the system—in the principle—of
governing. It transformed the government from
one of king, lords, and commons, to a government of
the people. It made them, in the language of a
judge of the United States court, tenants m common
of the right of governing.
Before the revolution, the people were the sub-
jects of, and all civil authority flowed from, the King
of Great Britain. But at the revolution, the Supreme
Court of the United States have declared that the
sovereignty passed from the crown of Great Britain,
and "devolved upon the people; and they became
the sovereigns of the country; but they are sovereigns
without subjects, (unless the African slaves among us
may be so called,) and have none to govern but
themselves."—See Dallas's R.,vol. 2, p. 47].
The European theory of government is that of
sovereign and subject. But our system recognises
sovereign rights in the people, and only delegated
powers in rulers. The difference is broad, im-
portant, and decisive of the question at issue. The
pre-eminence and the right of governing are, by our
theory, both with the people, and have been recog-
nised to be so by some of the best writers on con-
stitutional law, by some of the ablest judges, and
the highest judicial tribunal of the country.
Rawle, an able commentator on the constitution,
says:
"The best constitution which can be framed with the
most anxious deliberation that can be bestowed upon it
may. in practice, he found imperfect and inadequate to the
true interests of society. Alterations and amendments then
become desirable. The fi'ujitt retain—the people cannot,
perhaps, direst themselcts of—the power to make such altera-
tions. A moral power, equal to and of the same nature
with that winch made, alone can destroy. The laws of one
legislature may be repealed by another legislature, and the
power to repeal them cannot be withheld by the power
that enacted them. So the people may, on the same principle,
at any tune alter or abolish the constitution they have formed.
This has been frequently and peaceably done by several
of these States since 1776. If a particular mode of affecting
such alterations has been agreed upon, it is mosi coruenient
to adhere to it. but it is not exclusu ehj bindh.n "—Rawle on
the Constitution
The case of Kemper vs. Hawkins, tried before
the general court of "Virginia, is one in which the
principle at issue was distinctly laid down and rec-
ognised. It came up under an act of the legisla-
ture involving the constitutional validity of certain
