APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
Feb. 1845.
28th Cong 2d Sess.
Rhode Island Controversy—Mr. Williams.
H. of Reps.
district courts, and in connection with that point the
validity of the constitution itself. Judge Roane, in
delivering his opinion, asserts:
"That the people have a right, by a eminent/on or otherwise,
to change the existing government, whilst svck existing govern-
ment is in actual operation, for the ordinary purposes thereof.
The example of all America in the adoption of the federal
government and that of several of the States in changing
their State constitutions in this temperate and peaceable
manner, undeniably proves my position."—Virginia Cases,
vol. 1., p. 36.
Judge Tucker says the sovereignty of the State is
supposed by most writers "to'be vested in the gov-
ernment;" but here it "resides only in the people."
"The union of the sovereignty of a State with the
government constitutes a state of usurpation and ab-
solute tyranny over the people."
"The majority of the people, and much more, the whole
hody, possess ail the powers which any society, State, or na-
tion possesses in relation to its own immediate conccrns."
—Tucker's Black. Commentaries, Ap. p. 8.
One of the-judges of the United States Supreme
Court, Chief Justice Marshall, says:
"It has been said th it the people had already surrendered
all their powers to the State sovereignties, and had nothing
more to give. But merely the question, whether they may
resume and modify the powers granted to government, does
not remain to be settled m this country "—Wheaton's Re-
ports, vol. 4, p. 40.0.
In speaking of the institution of government,
Judge Baldwin says:
"The actof delegation is the exercise of sovereignty; and
acting under it is a recognition oi its supremacy :1t may be
without limitation in some case«s, and until revoked it may
be supreme; but it is so only as a delegated authority or
agency—the right to revoke and render its exercise a nulli-
ty is the test by which to ascertain in whom it is vested by
original inherent right.
"\Ienarenot less free when they unite and form society
out of its original elements into a body politic for the mu-
tual safety and happiness of the parte, by a government in-
stituted for all."—A general view of the origin and nature
of the constitution and government of the United States,
p. 35
Judge Iredell says:
"Our government is founded on much nobler principles.
The people arc known with certainty to have originated
it themselves. Those in power are theirservants and agents;
aod the people, without their con-sent, may remodel the
government whenever they think proper, not merely be-
cause it is oppressively cxe\<-i:,ed, but because they think
another form is more conducive to their .velfare."—Story's
Commentaries, vol. l,p. 326.
Judge Wilson, in his published writings, declares
that—
"The people may change the constitution whenever and
however they please. This is a right of which no positive
institution can deprive them."
In the second volume of Dallas's Reports, p. 472,
Chief Justice Jay says:
"Sovpriwntv i<i the right to govern; a nation or Slate sov-
ereign is the person or persons in whom that resides In
Europe the sovereignty is generally ascribed to the
prince; here it rests with the people; there the bovt reign
actually administers the government; here never in a single
instance; our governors are the agents of the people, and at
most stand in the same relation to their sovereigns m which
regents in Europe stand to their soveicigns Their princes
have personal powers, dignities, and pro-eminences; our
rulers have none but official; nor d-t they partake in the wr-
eignty otherwise, or in any other capacity, than as private
CilizensS'
Where, then, does the power reside to form and
adopt a valid constitution? Most clearly in the
people-. A constitution is declared by the United
States court to he "the work or will of the people
themselves in their original, sovereign, and unlimit-
ed capacity." If "sovereign and unlimited," the.
right must be superior to and independent of the i
existing government. Hence from its very nature, :
a constitution or form of government must be sub- '
ordinate, and the people paramount, possessing all
power over it not inconsistent with man's maliena- \
ble rights and the dictates of justice. \
But the charter government of Rhode Island
claimed exclusive jurisdiction m the formation of a
constitution. Whence did they derive that power,
and how can the claim of a small minority
"To lord it uncontrolled above their betters"
be legitimated'1
Vauous reasons, Mr. Speaker, have been adduced
to support the chum; but they are only the mere
excuses of arbitrary power, and will not bear the
test of scrutiny. One is by virtue of prescription.
And is this adequate? Is time to outweigh right and
justice? Is this the doctrine of common sense?—the
dictate of Christianity1* No; to withhold from the
people, the exercise of their right to determine in
what manner they will be governed, is a wrong and
an outrage which no law, no usage, no lapse of
time, can justify or legitimate. Continuance but
aggravates the wrong; and he who urges it as a title,
has the heart, and only wants the pretence, to act
the part of the tyrant and the wrong-doer.
Another reason adduced to support the preten-
sions of the charter government is a surrender of the
people's right of governing. But where is the proof
of such a surrender? When the revolution severed
the ties that bound us to the British government,
the right of governing passed to the people of Rhode
Island in common with those of the rest of the
country; and Congress then recommended to our
colonies to form governments uon the authority of
the people alone." Was such a government institu-
ted m Rhode Island at that timp? Did the charter
government rest upon such a basis in 1842? Most
cleaily not. It was not the work of the people, but
a grant of King Charles II. They did not institute
it, but merely submitted to it. Why, then, did not
the exercise of the right of governing belong to the
people when they formed their constitution? It is
conceded the revolution restored to the people the
right in its original fullness. Did they ever part
with it? If so, when and where? Can any convey-
ance of it be shown? Nothing of the kind. Not a
particle of evidence has been, or can be, produced to
sustain such a position.
If, then, there has been no direct surrender, can it
be fairly inferred from the people's acquiescence un-
der the charter government? So far from it, the
charter authorities are estopped, by their own acts,
from claiming the power on any such pretence. The
convention called by that government in May, 1790,
to adopt the constitution of the United States^ declare,
as the only basis in which governments are institu-
ed—
"1. That there are certain natural rights of which men,
when they form a social compact, cannot deprive or divest
their posterity, among which are the enjojment of life and
liberty, with the means oi acquiring, possessing, and pro-
tecting property, and pursuing and obtaining happiness and
safety.
"2. That all power is naturally vested in and consequent-
ly derived from the people; that magistrates, therefore, are
their trustees and agents, and at all time? amenable to
them.
' 3. That the powers of government may be reassumed by
the people whenever it shall become necessary to their
happiness "—Elliott's Debates on Federal Constitution, vol.
4, p. 223.
They farther declared'that these, "the aforesaid
rights, cannot be abridged or violated."
This manifesto concedes to the constitutionalists
all the powers they ever claimed or exercised, and
is wholly inconsistent with the right assumed by
the charter government. It recognises natural and
indefeasible rights- in the people, and the subordi-
nordination and accountability of governors at all
times to the governed. It contains something more
than a mere declaration of national independence,
and "an appeal to all time in apology for revolu-
tion." The whole tenor and scope of its positions
are to assert the right, not only of forcible revolu-
tion, but the right of the people, as a peaceful rem-
edy of grievances, to reassume the powers of gov-
ernment "whenever it shall become necessaiy to
their happiness." Language cannot express a
more direct avowal to invest the people, at all
times, with complete jurisdiction over the forms of
government, and with power to adapt them to the :
varying necessities of society.
What becomes, then, of the pretended surrender of
the people's right of governing, to the charter gov-
ernment? It is a false assumption; and, like all
tyrants' pleas of usurpation, has been assumed for
the purpose of acquiring power and wealth and
consequence through its instrumentality.
The idea that the people's rights are surrendered .
to government, is the'doctnne of absolutism. To be
ftee, the people must have rights not controlled by I
another power. If they are surrendered, a free ]
government can exist only in name, and the people j
are slaves instead of freemen. Wherever there is a j
government over, above, and in spite of the people, j
there is despotism, let its form be what it may. '
They may enjoy their natural rights by indulgence, j
but they can never be truly said to be free when '
they have masters over them, when under a govern-
ment over which they have no control.
The distinction between the right, of the people to
institute, and the right to change, government, is
not well founded. It is contrary to the equal
rights ofman. It implies in the framers a,superi-
ority of power, patriotism, and wisdom, which can-
not be established by reason or experience. It is an k
arrogant attempt to exercise power over persons not '
in existence, that cannot be legitimated. Govern- .
ment is not the source, but properly only a resource :
for exercising and protecting the pre-existing rights ,
of the people. Under arbitrary governments, they
have claimed'their liberties as franchises from rulers;
but we hold our liberties by no such tenure. They
are not a grant from human tribunals, but a gift
from the Almighty.
The right of one generation to institute govern-
ment is not greater than that of a subsequent one to
change it. In endowing men with reason and un-
derstanding, the Creator has given all equally the
right to exercise that reason and understanding in
providing for their happiness, and safety in the for-
mation of constitutions and mode of government;
and no one set of men, or generation of men, has, in
! this respect, a right superior to another. It is not
the exclusive property of a class, or of a generation,
to transfer in fee; but is a right that belongs alike to
all classes, and to all generations, and no one genera-
tion can rightfully deprive another of its exercise.
The same right, which our fathers possessed to in-
stitute government, still belongs to us, and will
attach to the generation which are to come after us.
A third reason adduced to sustain the claim of the
charter authorities is, that government is a contract
between the people and their rulers.
"Ifthemode of change is expressly provided for, that
mode (say the minority committee in their'report, page 18)
is unquestionably part of the original contract, ana must
be observed, unless abandoned by universal consent. If
none be expressed, we contend that it is embraced within
the powers of that agent which can alone be assumed to ex«
press the consent of all—the legislative branch of govern*
ment."
This, sir, is no other than the old and exploded
doctrine of "original contract," or compact; and
there is ccrtainly an appropriateness in bringing for-
ward an old and exploded theory of government to
sustain an old, time-worn, and exploded charter,
from an old, discarded, and tyrannical rule of
England's kings.
But is the doctrine of "the original contract," the
true theory of our government? Is there, in fact,
any such agreement between every member of the
community, on the one side, and rulers on the other,
as supposed? It is, sir, nothing but the fiction of
the early advocates of liberty in Europe, to legiti-
mate opposition to arbitrary governments. It was
an improvement upon that of the divine right of
kings; and while the antagonist of that theory was
the doctrine of progress?; and there is no doubt the
time has been when it was serviceable to freedom. It
was made the basis of the English revolution in 1688.
King James the 2d, by his acts of tyranny, was de-
clared to have "broken the original contract between
king and people," was, in consequence, dethroned,
and the crown offered to William and Mary. But
the theory of "the original, contract" was not the
doctrine of the revolution: our freedom is based on a
more solid foundation. The statesmen and .patriots
who founded our government, justified their action,
not by a violation of a supposed original contract,
but by an appeal to the original, inherent, and inde-
feasible rights of the people, and referred to the acts
of the British government only as an excuse for
their exercise.
By our theory, the people are the authors of gov-
ernment; they are the party for whose welfare it is
instituted; and the party whose consent alone it can
rightfully exist. Ours is, or was intended to be,
purely a government of the people, and not a com-
pact between the few and the many, between rulers
and the people. Our governors and men in author-
ity are not, therefore, an independent and contract-
ing party, but the mere agents and servants of the
people, and intrusted with power solely to execute
their laws and to enforce their will. The consent of
those m authority, therefore, is not required to le-
gitimate a change in an existing government, unless
having with us no rights but in common with the
people other than as their agents.
The opposite doctrine, by making rulers a high
contracting power, makes their consent necessary to
a change in government, and thereby becomes an-
tagonistical to a government of the people. If they
have a right to self-government, the doctrine cannot
be true. It would make its exeicis* dependent upon
the will or caprice of a single individual, and there-
by destroy its value, if ha* been truly said by Mil-
ton, "they that shall boast, as we do, to be a free
nation, and not have in themselves the power to re-
move, or to abolish any governor, supreme or sub-
ordinate, with the government itself when urgent
causes, may please their fancv with a ridiculous and
painted freedom, fit to cozen babies; but one indeed
under tyranny and servitude; as wanting -that pow-
er, which is the root and source of all liberty, to
dispose and economize in the land which God haCij
