Feb. 1845.
APPENDIX TO TttE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
28!
28th Cong 2d Sess.
Rhode Island Controversy—Mr. Williams.
H. of Reps.
given them, as masters of family in their own house,
and.free inheritance. Without which, natural and
essential power of a free nation, though bearing high
their heads, they can, in due esteem, be thought no
better than slaves and vassals born, in the tenure and
occupation of another inheriting lord."
It is a principle of our government that all pow-
ers not expressly delegated are reserved to the peo-
ple. Grams are to be construed strictly, because
what is assumed is so much taken Vrongfully from
the people, and hence adverse to their liberty. The
people, therefore, originally possessing the right to
institute or amend forms of government, must be
presumed to retain it till the contrary is shown by
express grant. But the reverse of this is assumed
to be the case, in order to sustain the claim of the
charter government. When no mode of change is
provided for, we are told uit ia embraced within the
powers of the agent," or acting government. This
denies to the people any power in their primary ca-
pacity, and makes the legislature supreme. It is the
old tory doctrine. It takes the right of governing
from the people, invests it in those exercising civil
authority, and gives them a receipt in full for all the
evils of despotic government.
A fourth reason adduced in support of the claim
of the charter government is "the allegiance due to
constituted author] ties.1' But there is no such un-
limited and absolute subjection due to an existing
organization of government as supposed. That
government alone is just, find entitled to support,
which conforms to the people's rights, and promotes
the people's welfare. Whenever it wars upon ei-
ther, it is perverted from its t.-ue end, and becomes
illegitimate. The allegiance which is due to consti-
tuted authorities is therefore conditional, bounded
by the principles of justice, and controlled by the
people's rights. The duty of obedience attaches
only to a government that is just, and, as such, has
a right to command.
The doctrine of absolute subordination is only
applicable to an absolute government. When abso-
lute and sovereign, the decision of government is
ultimate. Its will is law, and the people are slaves.
Life, liberty, and property are at its mercy. ISo
matter how sreat its op;scions, submission and
obedience to its commands become the duty of the
people. Such a theory would indeed sustain the as-
sumptions of the charter government, but it is
wholly inconsistent with individual liberty and nat-
ural rights.
But the powers of absolute sovereignty were never
intended to be invested in our government. On the
contrary, it is emphatically one of limitations and
restrictions. Its great and distinguishing features
are division of power, the control of the government
by, and the responsibility of it to, the people. The
right and the liberty to change were not, nor intend-
ed to be, surrendered. The modes and forms pre-
scribed in most of the constitutions of our country
for effecting a change, most clearly show that it is a
right the people designed to reserve to themselves.
But the constitutional provisions for amendment or
change do not confer the right. They are but means
and facilities for exercising a prior righ*. When,
therefore, the forms prescribed cease to afford ade-
quate means for the exercise of the right of change,
they lose their binding force, because they were
enacted for the right, and the obligation to conform
must be in subordination to such right.
It is asseited, on the opposite side, that "there
must be, in every government, a power to preserve
itself." Much more, then, must there be such a
power on the part of the governed to preserve their
rights and to secure their happiness, and that, too,
independent of the provisions of an existing govern-
ment, as it was instituted only as on instrument to
effect that end.
The people's right of self-government must carry
with it adequate means for its exercise. This is a
principle which courts of justice universally apply
in the construction of la\v s, and it applies with much
greater force to original and inalienable r;ghts, more
especially to the rights of self-government—a right
that survives all compacts, and is paramount to all
forms.
But we are told, with an air of triumph, that "the
offence of treason still remains prominent in the cal-
endar of cnme.M 'Tjs true, but it is equally true—
"Ti? not rebellion to resist oppression/'
Rights do not conflict. The people cannot have
a right to self-government, and rulers one to suppress
it. The people cannot have a right to life, liberty,
and the pursuit of happiness, and government one
On the contrary, it is an
to tyrannize over them.
old and a true saying,
"That kings, when they descend to tyranny,
Dissolve the bond, and leave the subject free "
It is they who practise the tyranny, and who op-
pose the right, who are the usurpers and wrong
doers.
This is :<aid to be the right of revolution, which
gentlemen say is conceded. But is not the right of
revolution an incident of, and does it not flow from,
the people's right of self-government? If the latter,
then, is of such transcendent importance as to jus-
tify a resort to violence and war to secure its bless-
ings, will not its importance much more justify the
exercise of the right for the peaceful remedy of
grievances? Is not the lesser most clearly included
in the greater power? To deny it, is to make the
people's right to alter, abolish, and institute govern-
ment, merely a belligerent right. It is to allow them
only the right of the beasts of the field.
Iri countries where the sovereighty is invested in
the government, for a people to form a constitution
in opposition to an existing government would be
revolution, and to attempt it, rebellion. But under
institutions like ours, when the people possess the
highest civil and political power in the State, for
them to exercise that power, independent of the
will of those holding official station, cannot proper-
ly be called revolutionary or rebellious; especially
incases like that tinder consideration, where there
was no constitutional mode prescribed for making
the desired reform. The charge of rebellion would
much more properly lie against those who resisted
the people in the exercise of their undoubted rights.
To limit the people's right to form a constitution
to the right of revolution, except at tiie will of a
minority government, is to confound ours with des-
potic governments. It is to restrict the people's
rights to the standard of despotic rulers. It rec-
ognises no standard of right but the power of the
people and the will of the oppressor. It proclaims
a reform, by force and violence and bloodshed, right
and proper; but one in a peaceful way, unlawful
and unjustifiable. But does might make right5
Does success alter the attributes of actions? Are
the principles of liberty, right, and justice, the mere
creatures of time and circumstances? No.
"Pure amidst the b'lord
And dust of conquest, never waxing old "
they are immutable and universal guides
"To make the world less moiunfnl.5
But even the right of revolution is practically de-
nied to a people of a State. At the same time that
gentlemen concede the right of revolution, they tell
us the people of a State have, no authority to change
their institutions independent of that of the existing
organization, and that the general government is
bound to sustain and protect that organization. In
accordance with this doctrine, the President of the
United States interposed to sustain the charter au-
thorities, and to suppress the government organized
under the people's constitution.
Of what value, then, is the right of revolution to
a people of v State of this Union? Can it be ex-
ercised if there is a guaranty on the part of the gen-
eral government to suppress it? It is, sir, hopeless
for the people of one State to resist the power of the
whole country.
The argument of gentlemen on this point will not
hold together. It is the height of absurdity to say
that the people of a State have the right of revolu-
tion, and at the same time declare it to he the duty of
all others to suppress it.
If this view of our institutions is correct, the peo-
ple of a State may be m a worse situation, for the
remedy of grievances, than under the British gov-
ernment. They then had the right of appeal. But
to whom can the people of a State now appeal for a
fundamental law—a written constitution' The gen-
eral government has no power to make one for a
State: a minority government refuses to make one;
and the people, we are told, cannot, independent of
the existing government. What, then, are the peo-
ple to do?
"£ir, wha' course,
"What process, or of honor, or of law,
®hall take usurped cMUhority to tasjk,
A su! nut him answer for it? Before \  hat bar
Shall hapless wretches cite the powerthat grinds
And crushes ihem to earth P
There is, sir, no course, no process, no remedy
but submission, if the doctrine contended for is true.
It carries with it the leprosy of aristocracy, and the
curse of despotism.
"Tis rank distinction, all the "hell that springs
From those prolific monsters, courts and kings."
In whatever view the subject is presented, the
right of the people of Rhode Island, in the absence
of constitutional provisions, to frame and adopt a
valid constitution without the consent of the charter
government, appears to me to be beyond a doubt.
If they had never delegated the power, then the ex-
ercise of it belonged to them by virtue of their origi-
nal right to self-government. If, on theother hand,
they had surrendered the power, then, by the ex-
press acknowledgment of the charter authorities in
the bill of rights already quoted, they possessed the
right to reassume it whenever necessary to their
happiness, It belonged to the people, then, in either
case, and by reason of their grievances.
The right to resume follows the perversion of del-
egated power. The people are not bound to wait
for usurpation and tyranny to have their perfect
work. This is not only sound law, but sound mo-
rality, and recognised to be such by standard wri-
ters on political and moral philosophy.
Algernon Sydney, in his work on government,
says;
"Laws and constitutions ought to be weighed; and, whils
all due deference is paid to such as are good, every nation
may not only retain in itself a power of.changing or abolish-
ing all such as are not so, but ought to exercise thai power ac*
cording to the best of their understanding, and, in the place
of wh.it wa? either at first mistaken or afterwards corrupted,
to constitute that which is most conducive to the establish-
ment of justice and liberty.
David I-Iume maintains the same doctrine. In
his History of England—-which is justly regarded
as favoring too much the prerogatives of rulers—he
says of the distribution of justice and the free en-
joyment of property:
"It is the great object for which political society was
founded by men, which the people have a perpetual and una 
licnable right to 1 ecall, and which no time, nor precedent, nor
statute, nor positive institution, ought to deter them from
keeping ever uppermost in their thoughts and attention."
In his work on Moral and Political Philosophy,
Dr. Paley (who is characterized as the marked en-
emy of revolutionary proceedings) declares that—-
"No usage, law. or authority whatever is so binding that
it need or ought to be continued when it may be changed
with advantage to the community. The family of the
prince, the order of succession, the prerogative of the
crown, the form and parts ot the legislature, together with
the respective powers, office, duration, and mutual depend-
ency ol the several parts, are all only so many laws, muta-
ble, like other lawr, whenever expediency requires, either
by the ordinary run ot the legislature, or, if the occasion de*
stneit, hy the intervention of the people. These points are
wont to be approached with a kind of awe; they are repre-
sented to the mind a<? principles of the constitution settled
b> our ancestors, and. being settled, to be no more commit-
ted to innovation or debate—as foundations never to be stir-
red—ds the terms and conditions of the social compact to
which p\«ry ciiiren of the State has engaged his fidelity,
by virtue of a promise which he cannot now recall. Suck
nusons have no place vn our system }
Here the right to change the form of govern-
ment, "by the intervention of the people," is fully
asserted, and the question resolved into one of ex-
pediency, Locke, in his work on government,
says:
"Perhaps it will be said that the people being ignorant,
and always discontented, to lay the foundation of govern-
ment m the unsteady opinions and uncertain humors of the
people is to expose it in certain rum: andno government
will be able long to subsist, if the people may set up a new
legislature, whenever they take oft'ence at the. old one. To
this}, [ answer quite the contrary: people are not so easily
got out ol their old forms, as some are apt to suggest; they
ire hardly to be prevailed with to amend the acknowledged
faults in the frame thev have been accustomed to; and if
there be any original defects, or adventitious ones intro-
duced by time or corruption, it is not an easy thing to be
changnd, even when all the world sees there is an opportu-
nity lor it."
Lord Brougham, in speaking of the fundamental
rules of government, says:
•'These are not laws which bind a power in itself su-
preme, but only principles which have been laid down by
it?elf for guiding its own conduct, as a man free to use his
tm.eorhis money, or his bodily health and strength, in
whatever way he pleases, may resolve to follow a particu-
Ui.- course of study, or other exertion, or to 'adopt a partic-
ular plan of spending his fortune, from which he may at
any time deviate m whole or in part, and pursue a totally
different course, adopting altog^tfier different principles.
Thus nothing on earth can fVtter or bind the exercise of
the supreme" power in any State; and whatever plan has
been adopted for its exertion may, at any moment, be
changed."'
. Dr. Price, in his celebrated essay on civil liberty,
says:
"All civil government, as far as it can be denominated/ree,
is the creature of the people It originates with them. It
is conducted under their direction; and has in view noth-
ing but their happiness. All jt<> different forms are no
more than so many different modes in which they choose to
direct their affairs, and to secure the quiet enjoyment «?£
their rights.
