284
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOfiE.
, i84a
28th Cong 2d Sess.
Annexation of Texas—Mr. Ashley.
Senate^
ly conceded to gentlemen that they might, with
great propriety, go into the cotemporaneous history
of the times, when the constitution was framed, to
ascertain" what was the situation of the country;
and hence draw conjectures as to the intent of the
convention as a body. He held it legitimate to in-
quire into the motives of the convention as a whole,
as shedding light upon the meaning of that to which
they had given their sanction; but he never would
consent to confining the inquiry to the views and
purposes known to have been entertained by three
or four members only.
Besides, under what circumstances was a rule so
rigid and so narrow to be resorted to? Was it to
explain a doubtful power? Wo; it was rather to
raise a doubt respecting a power clearly granted,
and thus to destroy the natural and obvious mean-
ing of a plain article of the constitution: was not
this true? Had not the argument of the gentleman
from Virginia, [Mr. Rives,] and the gentleman from
Kentucky, [Mr. Morehead,] that very object in
view, and no other? If he had understood them,
both those honorable senators had labored to show,
from the motives of certain members of the conven-
tion, that we could not take the words of a particu-
lar clause in the constitution in their plain and ob-
vious sense. If their rule of interpretation was cor-
rect, all he could say to it was, that it was very dif-
ferent from any rule he had ever seen adopted in the
courts of justice.
Mr. A. went on to say that gentlemen, in his
humble opinion, were not arguing on legitimate
grounds. He claimed that Texas was ours now,
and required no other or further act to entitle her to
all the rights and privileges of one of the free and
sovereign States of this Union, than such consent of
Congress as was given to the admission of the States
of Louisiana, Missouri, or Arkansas. Nay, further:
Texas, in his opinion, was entitled, of right, to <e-
mand admission under the solemn guaranties of the
treaty of 1803 between the United States and the
French republic; and if refused admission by the
United States, it would be a gross and flagrant vio-
lation of the faith of th", nation.
To show the grounds of his opinion thus boldly
expressed, he would not detain the Senate with a
reference to the whole of the overwhelming evi-
dence establishing the true boundaries of Louisiana
as acquired by the treaty of 1803; but would
barelyrefer to an abstract of a small portion of that
evidence, which he now held in his hand, but which
he deemed entirely sufficient of itself to place the
question of the western boundary of Louisiana be-
yond further dispute or cavil.
Mr. Jefferson, in his letter to Mr. Bowdoin, 11th
July, 1806, Jeff. cor. p. 59, says:
"With respect to Jour western boundary, your instate-
tions will be j our guide I will only add as a comment to
them, that we are attached to the retaining the bay of St.
Bernard, because it was the tirst establishment of the un-
fortunate La. Salle, was the cradU oj Louisiana, and more in-
contestable covered and convcved to us by France under
that name, than any other spot in the country."
"St. Bernard's Bay, bay in the gulf of Mexico, on the
coast of Texas. Lon. 96, 50, w.j lat. 2S, 30, n.—Worcester's
Gazetteer, ed 3923."
Louisiana was ceded by France to Spain in 1761,
and wasretroceded by Spain to France in 1800, and
occupied by France. By the treaty of Paris of the
30th April, 1803, it was ceded by France to the
United States, and the possession delivered by the
French authorities in 1804.
Mr. Madison, expressing his own views, and those
of Mr. Jefferson, in a letter of the 31st March, 1804,
says that Louisiana "extended westwardly to Rio
Bravo, otherwise called Rio Bravo Del Norte.
Orde/is were accordingly obtained from the Spanish
authorities for the delivery of all the pests on the
west side of the Mississippi;" and in a letter of the
31st January, 1804, Mr. Madison states that M.
Laussat, the commissioner by whom the French
government deliv&ved ths possession of Louisiana to
us announced "the Del Norte as its true boundary."
In'a letter of the 8th July, 1804, Mr. Madison de-
clares the opposition of Mr. Jefferson to tiie "relin-
quishment of any territory whatever eastward of the
Bravo." _ ht* ,
Mr. Monroe, in a letter of the 8th November,
1303, encloses documents which, he says, "proremcon-
testably" that the boundary of Louisiana is "the Rio
Bravo to the west;" and Mr. Pinckney unites with
Mr. Monroe in a similar declaration; and on the
20th April, 1805, in a letter to Mr. Madison, th«y
assert our title to be unquestionable. Mr. Monroe,
in his letters of January 19 and June 10,1816, says
thftt none cguld question "our title to Texas,'''' and
concurs with Mr. Jefferson and Mr. Madison in the
opinion "that our title to the Del Norte was as clear as
to the island of New Orleans."
Mr. John Gtuincy Adams, in a letter to Don.Onis
of the 12th March, 1818, says:
"The claim of France always did extend westward to the
Rio Bravo." * * x "She always claimed the territory
■which you call Texas, as being within the limits and form-
ing a part of Louisiana."
And he further says:
"Well might Messrs Pinckney and Monroe write to M.
Cevallos, in 1805, that the claim of the United States to the
boundary of the Rio Bravo was as clear as their right to the
island of New Orleans."
And in his letter of the 31st of October, 1818, he
says:
"Our title to Texas is established beyond the power of
further controversy "
Mr. Adams', in his letter of instructions to Mr.
George Graham of June 52, 1818, says:
"The President wishes you to proceed with all convenient
speed to that place, (Galveston,) unless, as is not improbar
ble, you should, in the progress of the journey, learn that
they have abandoned or been driven fioin it. Should they
have removed to Matagorda, or any other place north of the
Rw Bravo, and within the territory claimed by the United
States, you will repair thither, without, however, exposing
yourself to be captured by anf Spanish military force.
"When arrived, you will, in a suitable manner, make known
to the chief or leader of the expedition your authority from
the government of the United States, and express the sur-
prise with which the President has seen possession thus ta-
ken, without authority from the United States, of a place
within their territorial limits, and upon which r.o lawful settle'
merit can he made without their sanction. You will call upon
him explicitly to avow under what national authority they
profess to act; and take care that due warning be given to
the whole body that the place is within the United States, who
will suffer no permanent settlement to be made there, under any
authority other than their own."
Mr. Clay, in his speech on the Spanish treaty,
April 3, 1820, (Mallory, vol. 1, pp. 400 and 401,)
said:
"The title to the Perdido on the one side, and to the Rio
del Norte on the other, rested on the same principle—the
priority of discovery, and of occupation by France; the
principle observed among European nations ha\ing contig.
uous settlements being that the unoccupied space between
them should be equally divided." "In 1683, he (La Saile)
made an establishment on the Bay of St. Bernard, west of
the Colorado, emptying into it. The nearest Spanish settle-
ment was Fanuco; and the Rio del Norte, about the midway
line, became the common boundary
Mr. Clay also, in his letter of the 17th April,
1844, published in the National Intelligencer, says:
"The United States acquired a title to Texas, extending,
as i believe, to the Rio del Norte, by the treaty of Louis-
iana. They ceded and relinquished that title to Spain by
the treaty of 1819, by which the Sabine was substituted for
the Rio del Norte as our western boundary."
But he would not enlarge nor add to the small
portion of existing evidence that he had referred to.
It could readily be shown by the concurrent authori-
ty of every prominent public man in the country—
by the public ministers of the United States, France,
and Spain, and by the whole history of the times,
that the true boundaries of Louisiana extended to
the Rio del Forte, (or the Rio Bravo, as it is some-
times called,) and that therefore, by the treaty of
1803, we did acquire all of Texas, including lands
and inhabitants.
Assuming, then, that position to be true, he would
emphatically inquire how we had or could lawfully
ana constitutionally part with the territory of Texas
and its inhabitants. He denied that we had or could
constitutionally cede the Texian territory and in- ,
habitants at all. Mr. A. went for the doctrine of a
strict construction of the constitution of the United
States. He had been educated to believe that the
sacred observance of that principle in the interpreta-
tion of the constitution was the only effectual means
of keeping a government of delegated powers with-
in the just limits assigned to it. He was for apply-
ing the principle in all cases, cut where it might, and
lead to what consequences it would; if its applica-
tion was found to result in great public inconve-
nience, then, lie said, amend the constitution; but until
then, stick to the constitution as it stood. He was
willing to extend the application of its powers as
liberally as he could consistently with what he be-
lieved to be the true intent and meaning of the in-
strument.
The constitution conferred on Congress the pow-
er of admitting new States into the Union, and that
power must be executed in one of two or three
ways. If it was necessary in order to admit a nev/
State, that we must first acquire the territory out of
which it was formed, then Congress had the power
to do that. The constitution expressly granted the
power to admit new States, and the other power fol-
lowed as a necessary incident. Bad Congress a
right to dispose of territory when acquired? The
only clause of the constitution under which such a
power could be obtained, was that in the 3d section
of the 4th article, which was in these words:
"The Congress shall have power to dispose of and make
all needful rules and regulations respecting the territory or
other property belonging to the United States."
What was the extent of the authority here
conferred? It was only to dispose of- the ter-
ritory and to make needful rules and regula-
tions in regard to it; but would any senator ,
claim that this clause gave Congress authority to
part with a single citizen that we had acquired?
Not one. When the constitution spoke about
disposing of territory and other property, its
meaning was confined to lands, and nothing
but lands. But what had we acquired by the
treaty of 1803? Lands only? No: we acquired
people also. We acquired the inhabitants of Loui-
siana, in which Texas was then included, andw;e
guarantied to those people the right of being admit-
ted into the Union as citizens so soon as it should be
practicable, according to the provisions of the con-
stitution. The people once ours, continued to be
ours, unless gentlemen meant to contend that men 1
free and independent might be sold like sheep in j
the shambles, and conveyed from owner to owner
like beasts of the field. It could not successfully be
contended that this government might ever part
with a people over whom it once had a right to
extend its jurisdiction.
' Mr. A. cared not how many treaties or acts of
legislation might be exhibited to the contrary; they
were all utterly vain, because there was an utter
want of power to make such treaties, or enact such
laws. Though it might be said that, in receiving
Texas, we were resuming that which, by a solemn act,
we had disposed of to another, the answer was
obvious: ours was a government of limited powers.
The constitution prescribed the powers of their limit-
ation. While the government kept itself within their
prescribed limits, its acts were valid; but the instant
it went beyond them, its acts were, ipso facto, null
and void. Even could it be shown that every branch
of the government had concurred in the act, he still
insisted it was null, because neither of those branch-
es individually, nor the whole of them collectively,
had any power at all but that which the constitu-
tion gave to them; and he denied utterly that it gave
anywhere such a power as this. He therefore
insisted that, according to the treaty of 1803, Texas
belonged to us; it was an acquisition, and nothing
could do away with it. Gentlemen must show their
authority from the constitution, and not talk to him
of treaties and acts of Congress. If they could show
no constitutional authority, their acts were all unau-
thorised and null; and unless senators should gravely
argue that men, freemen, made so by the solemn
guaranties of a treaty, could be sold and disposed
of under the description of "other property" in the
clause of the constitution quoted, they would fail
to find warrant or authority for the cession by the
treaty of 1819; and he presumed no senator would
dare, in the face of republican America, to set up or
advance such a preposterous, absurd, and slavish
doctrine.
But it may be said that if we had no authority
to cede Texas to a foreign government, our long
acquiescence and frequent recognition of that repub-
lic will militate against the position assumed.
Mr. A. said the answer to this, to his mind, was
entirely satisfactory; the cession was an act_ of
moral treason against the principles of the constitu-
tion and of our free institutions; and any and ail
recognitions of this gross wrong was but an aggra-
vation of the original outrage.
But supposing that in all this he was mistaken,
and that the treaty of 1819, by which we had ceded
this territory away, was of valid authority and con-
stituted the law of the land: to whom did we cede
it? Was it to Mexico? No, it was to Spain. Did
Spain now set up any claim to it, or make any ob-
jection to our annexing it to the United States? Not
at all. The only objection to this proceeded from
the government of Mexico. - And how came she to
have any claim to it' By her rebellion against
Spain; and prior to the success of the rebellion,
Texas declared herself free and independent, and,
by the constitution of 1824, was admitted into the
confederacy of Mexican States as one of their sis-
ter republics. Whereon, then, Mexico,' after the
destruction of the whole of her republican institu-'
tions by usurpation and military violence, could
base a claim to Texas, was wholly beyond hia re-
publican ideas to imagine. Texas stands as one of
