&S6
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
Feb.. 1845.
28th Cong.. ..2d Sess.
Annexation of Texas—Mr. Aahley.
-Senate.
rate exposition in order to arrive at its meaning.
After a trial of more than a half a century it had re-
mained unaltered save in one or two unimportant
particulars. This fact was m the place of all eulo-
giums on its authors, and showed that their work
had been so perfect as to be second only to the book
of inspiration itself.
But here Mr. A. found he should be obliged to
pass over much of what he had prepared. His
argument, thus far, though it might have failed to
carry conviction to the minds of other gentlemen,
had at least convinced himself
The convention, as he had said, had presented us
"with an organic law, containing a complete system of
government, which had remained unaltered for more
than fifty years. It was now brought under ex-
position as to the meaning of a particular clause it
contained, and a new mode of expounding it was
contended for. But was it not strange, if this was
the right mode of inteipretation, that it should have
been locked up in the papers of a private individual
for fifty years, (the Madison Papers,) which papers
were, after all, published only as a matter of curios-
ity? It was certainly a very strange thing that the
only true means of getting at the meaning of the
constitution should have been looked up in the
escrutoir of a retired statesman, and hidden from
the eyes of all men for fifty years, ard that no ref-
erence should have been had during all that time to
this secret oracular source of knowledge till now!
The fathers of the constitution themselves did
not believe that this was the only proper mode of
expounding the co> stitution, or they would have
provided for the publication of a document which
alone contained the meaning and the motives of
those who framed it. They did not deem this the
only true means of discovering the sense of the in-
strument; that was a discovery left to the wisdom of
the present age. Mr. A was willing to iefer to it as
an aid in doubtful cases, where a passage was ob-
scure or ambiguous; but in these alone. Where a
clause of the constitution was perfectly plain and
simple, he would resort to no such helps.
But the honorable senator from Massachusetts
[Mr. Choate] had told the Senate that ten months
ago "no man, woman, or child," in all the country,
thought of giving to this clause about the admission
of new States such a meaning as was now claimed
for it. Why not5 Because it was not till ten
months ago that the question arose. Then this
clause of the instrument applied itself to a new case
-—that of the application of & foreign State upon our
borders to be received into the Union; and as soon
as this was claimed for it by the friends of annexa-
tion, the people had everywhere assented. There
were othei powers in the constitution which had
lain there unused from its adoption to the present
hour; but the fact of their never having been called
into action was no argument against their existence,
any more than it would be an argument to prove
that a man did not carry pistols because he never
had had .occasion to use them for his defence. He
would here refer the Senate to certain resolutions
passed in the Massachusetts legislature, which
went to put Arkansas, with all the other States be-
yond the Mississippi, out of the Union.
These resolutions, passed by the legislature of
Massachusetts, now in session, if based upon cor-
rect principles, have at once dissolved this Union,
and placed all the States formed out of territory be-
yond the limits of the United States in 1783, beyond
the authority and legitimate bounds of thisgovern-
ment; for if originally admitted by a violation of the
constitution, it was a void act, which is wholly in-
capable of ratification by any subsequent assent—
such assent being equally void, as it is not the mode
provided by the constitution itself for its amend-
ment.
BESOLVES CONCERNING THE ADMISSION OF
TEXAS.
1. Reosb'trf, That Massachusetts has never delegated the
power to admit into the Union States or Territories without
or beyond the original territory of the States and Terri-
tories belonging to this1 Union at the adoption of the con-
stitution of the United States; and that, in v, hatever man-
lier the consent ef Massachusetts may have been given or
inferred to the admission of the States already , by geneial
consent, forming a part of the Union, itom such terutoiy,
the admission of such States, in the judgment ol Massa-
chusetts, forms no precedent for the admission ol Texas,
end can never be interpreted to rest on powers granted in
the constitution.
2. Resolved, That there has hitherto been no precedent of
an admission of a foreign State or loreign territory into the
Union by legislation. And as the powers of legislation
gi anted in the constitution of the United States to Congress,
do not embrace a case of the admission oi a foreign State
or foreign territory, by legislation, into the Union, such an
act of admission would have no binding force whatever on
the people of Massachusetts.
S. RelolitJ, That the po-ver never having been granted
by the people of Massachusetts, to admit into the Union,
States and Territories not within the same when the con-
stitution was adopted, remains with the people; and can
only be exercised in such way and manner a& the people
shall hcieafter designate and appoint.
4 Keiolvtd, That the people ot Massachusetts will never
consent to u.-e the power* ifcseived to thexnseh es>, to ad-
mit Texas, or an> other State or Territory, now without the
Union, or any other basis than the perfect equality offree-
nien. and that whilst slavery or filaie representation forms
am part of the claims or conditions of admission, Ttxa&,
wi'iSi their rojvent, car, never be admitted.
This was the amount of the senator*^ argument.
[Mr. Choate here rose to explain. On the ques-
tion whether Congress might or might not admit a
State into the Union which was formed out of terri-
tory acquired by the United States since the date of
the adoption of the constitution, he had said not one
word. The resolutions of his State did; but he had
not touched the question.]
Mr. Ashley certainly thought that the senator
had given the Senate a hair-splitting argument of
great ingenuity on that subject.
[Mr. Choate said that the object of his argument
had been to show, a prion, the extreme improbabili-
ty that the framers of the constitution would confer
on Congress the power of uniting this country and
government with another distinct, independent for-
eign State. But he had distinctly, over and over,
admitted that we might, by treaty, legitimately ac-
quire territory, as we did acquiie Louisiana; and out
of territory so acquired might erect and admit new
States.]
Mr. Ashley resumed. This course, on the part
of Massachusetts, was not new. She had pursued
the same ever since the organization of- the govern-
ment. He heaid none add to her honored name
that emphatic "God bless hei!" which so often fell
from the sons of Virginia when pronouncing the
name of their mother; but Mr. A. did add "God
bless her11 to the name of Massachusetts also. She
was well entitled to it for her services duung the
revolution, and for a long series of years after our
freedom was achieved; but Massachusetts had be-
haved veiy badly since; and now, after forty years,
she came here with resolutions which went to put a
row of independent and growing States of the West
out of the pale of the Union, because she never dele-
gated to Congress the power of admitting new
States from territory beyond the bounds of the
"old thirteen." So Missouri, Arkansas, and
Louisiana were all intruders—not rightfully in
the United States ! This was a conclusion
Mr. A. never would admit, and he did not
much think it would receive the assent of any State
but Massachusetts, herself, unless it might be Con-
necticut, (a sister frail, who went so oft astray.)
[A laugh.] Massachusetts had shown her hostility
to the extension of our glorious Union almost from
its organization to the present time, and has voted
against, and threatened dissolution for the acquisi-
tion ofLouisiana, and opposed the acquisition of
Florida, and has voted ogainst the admission into
this Union of Tennessee, Ohio, Louisiana, Missou-
ri, Maine, Aikansos, Michigan; and at the present
session, Iowa, Florida, and Texas, will certainly
be added to the long list; end has opposed, with all
the strength of her delegation (except the demo-
cratic votes) nearly every State that has applied for
admission, whenever the yeos and nays have been
taken; and she voted against even the admission of
Maine, the child of her own bosom; and when she
could send resolutions to Congress, as she did last
session, praying for an amendment of the constitu-
tion to do away the compromises upon which our
government was founded, it was not a matter of
great suiprise that she should now, in effee^, de-
clare that Louisiana, Missouri, and Arkansas, were
unconstitutionally included m our glorious republic.
He prayed Heaven she might stop ere it was too
late, and nut sow the seeds for the dissolution of
our Union, and the destruction of the sacred charter
of our liberties—the noblest fabric ever erected by
man.
And now as to the question of expediency. Mr.
A. had supposed, until he listened to the argument
of his learned friend from Connecticut, that the sub-
ject of a war with Mexico had been passed over by
general consent. That honorable gentleman had
been, he believed, tht first to broach the topic in this
chamber. He was the first man who had spoken
about the rights of Mexico on this question. He
had hoped that the discussions of the present
session (m which Congress. was much bet-
ter informed on this whole subject 'than at
the last) had. dissipated all doubts as to the
interference of Mexico: but the .senator from
Connecticut had seen fit to renew the threat of a
war with that power. The truth was, that she had
nothing to do with the'affair, and never had had
anything to do with it; and besides, we were estop-
ped on that subject, for we had ourselves recognised
the independence of Texas, and this repudiated all
claims of Mexico:"and how then could we pretend
that she was still a province of Mexico? We could
not use any argument that went on that assumption,
and Mr. A. would be the last man tp do it.
Mr. A. wished to offer a reply to.one ofthe heads
of argument resorted to by the honorable senator
from Louisiana [Mr. Barrow.] Mr. A. had made
a memoramdum of it in his notes, because that sen-
ator came from a State, which, like Arkansas, pre-
sented its frontier to a foreign power, and he had
hoped that that gentleman would have concurred
with the other friends of annexation in the South.
The senator assigned five reasons why he consid-
ered annexation as inexpedient. The first was, that
it would extend the area of freedom, which we had
no right to do oy engaging in war. Yet the
senator expressed his desire to see the principles of
our free and happy government extended overall
this continent, and over the world. Who, that had
an American heart in his bosom, did not desire it3
But who pretended that we ought to engage in a
Quixotic expedition to liberate all the oppressed
nations of the world* No such scheme was con-
templated by the friends of Texas, or fairly inferri-
ble from the arguments they adduced in its favor.
As to the value and importance of Texas as a means
of the defenee of N'ew Orleans, Mr. A. had been
much amused as seeing the honorable senator pro-
duce and gravely read to the Senate a letter written
by General Jackson in 1820! in which he'stated
theie was no fear of New Orleans from any inva-
ding army from Texas.
And what was the situation of the country at that
timer The whole region west of the Mississippi was
a wide unbroken Spanish wilderness, inhabited only
by Indians and wild beasts, a handful of the Creoles
of Louisiana, and a small band of Anglo-Saxons.
But now the country was becoming densely popu-
lated, and in three days an enemy might march hts
army in the lear of our fortifications. However, if
the senator was satisfied with the safety of JNew
Orleans, as things now stood, Mr. A. surely ought
to be. The senator had his all there. But New Or-
leans was the grand depot for the commerce ofthe
whole Mississippi valley; and Mr. A., for one, was
not willing tosee a hosnle country, thickly peopled
and easily traversed, within three days' march of it.
The senator's next topic was the intentions of
Great Britain in relation to Texas. The senator
had dwelt much on the solemn assurances of her
statesmen that she cherished no des'gns on that
country of a nature unfriendly to us or our institu-
tions. But Mr. A. had often read, (and sometimes,
when a school-boy, written in his copybook,) the
motto, "actions speak louder than woids.v And
what had been the course of ihat ancient and mighty
power from the very first? Had she e\er refrained
from laying her hand on any poitiou of this earth's
surface, when she had an opportunity of getting the
control of it? lie would thank gentlemen to show
him a single instance. Look round the entire sur-
face of the globe; see how it was dotted over with
her forts and military and naval stations; and would
any one believe that she had no object in view in
reference to so tempting a region as Texas* _ Mr. A.
conceded to gentlemen that he did not believe that
England had any idea of conquering Texas, or re-
ducing it to" a British colon}'. She would have
done that long since had it not been peopled from the
same Anglo-Saxon stock with herself—by a race
whom she could not hope to retain in servitude.
No; she would not get Texas by the swoid; but lie
would tell gentlemen how she would get it, and
more effectually, too—by a treaty of commerce. So
long as Congress continued to exact the. same duties
as it now levied, Great Britain would make with
Texas a treaty which would operate effectually to
destroy all our commerce in the South and south-
west. Let her admit Texian cotton into her domin-
ions free of duty, while we paid a duty on it of 13
per cent.; let Texas receive British manufactures in-
to her ports free of duty, or under a mere nominal
duty; and let Great Britain covenant to support and
defend the independence and safety of Texas by
the power of her navy and army—and what must
be the necessary cffect tapon us; it would at once
