288
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
Jam 1845.
28th Cong 2d Sess.
jlnnexation of Texas—Mr. Daniel.
H. of Reps.
2. That it shall also be so amended as to provide that said
State may be diveded into new States, not exceeding five an
number, to be received and admitted into the Union, in con-
formityto the constitution of the United "Ststes, upon the
same footing with ihe original States
3. That the United States be authorized to adjust and set-
tle all questions of boundary which may arise with other
governments.
4r That, all fortifications, barracks, navy and navy-yards,
docks, magazines, arms, and accoutrements, all mines, min-
erals,' salt lakes and springs, all public edifices, except the
capital, court-houses, jails, ana other buildings adapted to
State, county, and other local purposes, and all other prop-
erty and means appertaining to the public defence, belong-
ing to said republic, not including the public funds, debts,
taxes, and dues of every description, be ceded to the United
States..
5. That all the public landswithin the limits of said re-
public be pledged to the payment of its debt, and transfer-
red to the United States m trust, to be sold and disposed of
in the same manner as the public lands of the United States,
and the proceeds thereof be applied to the payment of se id
debts, alter deducting the expense incident to the manage-
ment and sle thereol; and alter the final discharge of the
whole amount of said debt, the residue thereof shall be an-
nually paid to the State'of Texas, unless other States shall
be formed within her limits; in such case, it shall be appor-
tioned and paid, respective!) , in proportion to their repre-
sentation in Congress; 2>rotided, That in no event shall
said debt be assumed by or become a charge upon the Uni-
ted States.
6. That acommission of four^holl be appointed, two by
the United States, and two by the State ot Texas, whose
duty it shall be to ascertain the debts of Texas; and there
shall be paid an annual salary of three thousand dollais to
each of said commissioners, m lieu of all other compensa-
tion whatever, which, with all other expenses incidental to
said commission, sdiall be paid out oi the proceeds ol the
lands. That the United States shall prescribe such rules,
and regulations for the government of the commissioners
and for {he convenient and prompt payment of said debts, aa
may be necessary; it being understood that Texas may
designate such debts as she may desire to be first paid, not
exceeding the sum of five hundred thousand dollais.
7th. That such State or States as may be formed out of
that portion of s>aid teiritoiy which lies north of thiity-six
degrees and thirty minutes of north latitude, shall be sub-
ject to the provisions ofthe eighth section of the act of Con-
gress ofGthMarch, 18i0, commonly called and known as the
Missouri compromise; but such State or States u-i may be
ioimed out of that portion of said territory which lies south
of thirty-six degrees thirty minutes noith latitude bhallbe
admitted into the Union with or without the provision speci-
fied in said eighth section, as the people of each State, from
the great diversity of said climate and products, may desire.
The foregoing resolutions were offered by me
during the pendency of a motion in the Senate to
indefinitely postpone the resolutions from the House
of Representatives on the same subject. They were
offered solely with a view of pressing their consid-
eration by the Senate, if the motion to postpone had
been successful; and with a declaration at the time
that, if the passage of the House resolutions de-
pended on my vote, they would receive niy cordial
support. The House resolutions were, and sull
are, deemed highly objectionable; but capable of
feeing removed by subsequent legislation, and
not so objectionable as to permit the great
question of annexation to be endangered by
refusing to adopt them. My resolutions were
intended to make the annexation acceptable to
Texas, and not insulting for her to accept; and with
no conditions other than such as were necessary to
place Texas on the "same footing with the ougmal
States." I wished to receive this youngest daughter
of America with all the affectionate kindness that
ought to have been expected from a kind and indul-
gent parent towards his own offspring. I wished
Texas to know and feel that we considered her
"bone of our bone, and flesh of our flesh;'5 and that
now we would no longer offer to acquire that repub-
lic by our treaty-making authority, by which her in-
habitants would only be received not as freemen ard
citizens, but as vassals or slaves, or as "other prop-
erty.15
My resolution is substantially the same as that
admitting Alabama and other new States heretofore.
The first condition is, of course, indispensable; the
second will obviate all objection made to the House
resolutions in regard to the size of the State, which
she might refuse to divide; the third speaks for itself,
and enables the United States to settle the boundary
between Mexico and the United States properly.
And here I will add, that the present boundaries of
Texas I learn from Judge Ellis, the president of the
convention that formed the constitution of Texas,
and also a member of the first legislature under
that constitution, were fixed as they now are, solely
and professedly with a view of having a large margin in
the negotiation with JStexico, and not with the_expec-
tation of retaining them as they now exist in their
statute book.
The fourth condition was necessary to place her
on equal footing with our other States.
The fifth, I believed, relieved our government,
mi Texas also, from one of the §reatest objetta
to the House resolutions—that she should have the
selling of all her lands, and if' so, shi must have
surveyor generals, with hosts of deputies, land
offices with their dependants, and she would have
to make treaties with and remove Ii dians from
her public lands; and besides, Texas proper would
have the control of the lands lying within the
bounds of the other new States that might be formed
of the Texian territory. All these objections were
removed by my resolutions.
The sixth provides for a commission for ascer-
taining the public debt of Texas, by commissioners
appointed by each of the high contracting parties.
This speaks for itself, and shows an earnest desire
to receive and treat herjustly and as an equal.
The seventh was not inserted in the resolutions
as originally offered to the Senate, but was added at
the earnest request of southern gentlemen, as they
feared some line further South might be inserted,
if it was omitted. I then added it, or I otherwise
would have lost support from many southern mem-
bers; my own judgment was against it. The Mis-
souri compromise itself is a gross outrage upon the
rights of the whole South ; it is a perversion of
terms to call it a compromise; it is a concession by
the South, or rather a one-sided agreement, by which
the South are precluded from taking their property
north of 36 degrees 30 minutes, while the North
take theirs wherever they please.
SPEECH OF MR. DANIEL,
OF WORTH CAROLINA.
In the House of Representatives, January, 1845—On
the proposition for the annexation of Texas to
the Union.
Mr. DANIEL addressed the committee as fol-
lows:
Mr. Chairman: Before I proceed to the subject
before the committee, 1 must avail myself ot' this
occasion to make a brief reference to the transac-
tion in the Senate of jNorth Carolina, alluded to by
my Buncombe colleague. The case of Mr. Ennett
has been very unnecessarily and indiscreetly drawn
into this debate for party purposes. As the aspect
which has been given to it is not warranted by what
I understand to be the facts of the case, I conceive
it to be a duty which I owe to the democratic sena-
tors of Norfch Carolina, who have no opportunity
here of vindicating themselves against the imputa-
tion attempted to be cast upon them, to make a
statement of the material facts of the case, that it
may appear in its true light. I have the pleasure
of a personal acquaintance with many of the sena-
tors, and I can say of them, as I believe I may of
all, that they are men of high honor and great pu-
rity ot character; and it will be seen that, in this
particular transaction, so far from meriting the cen-
suie, they deserve the commendation of every friend
to the principles of representative government and
popular rights, so little regarded by the minions of
federalism.
The account given of the transaction by my col-
league is as follows:
•'When oar legislature, now in session, assembled, there
was 8 tie between the parties m the Senate. Each party
was, of course, desirous of electing a Speaker and other
officers. According to the old and well settled law of the
State, each member elect was bound to produce, betoic his
qualification, the certificate of the shenfi'of hi« having been
ejected. But one, who claimed to be a democratic senator,
was not provided with «i\ch certificate, and the fact became
known through the indiscretion ol those fuends that he
consulted in his dilemma. VVhun the time came lor the
opening uf the first daj "s sesMon, this individual, much to
the surpiKe o<" his political adveisaries. at least, presented
a forged certificate m the uuiial form was qualified as a sen-
ator,"and took Ins s>eat. It was five drjs "before the body
was organized by the election of a Speaker, A com-
mittee was raised to investigate the affair. 'ihey.upon
evidence ol the most conclusive character, reported that
the ceitiJi^.iti. had been loiged eithei by the senator ox by
hi? procurement, and know m^ly um>:1 by i.im to impose on
the Senate, and recommended his expulsion. The vote of
the Senate wa  unanimous on the lii^t resolution, declaring
the eoitiiicatc ti forgery, but upon the second, declaring
that he ought to be expelled, every lnembei of his party
voted in the negative, thereby saving that, though he had
committed ioigeryrhe was not, in their opinion, imuoithy
to rit with them Alter his expulsion by the casting \ ote of
the whig Speaker, his party, taking advantage of the acci-
dental absence oi two or "three whigs, within a few days,
moved and carricd a proposition to strike fiorn the journals
the report, proceedings, &c, that had taken place, with a
view of inserting in their stead the speech of his counsel
made in his defence at the bar of the Senate. A stranger
would perhaps be surprised to learn that many of these in-
dividuals, in the relations of private life, are esteemed hon-
est and honorable men. Nothing could show more conclu-
sively their devotion to their party than they should thus be
able to overcome their natural aversion to crime, and thus
eadesvor to countenance and protect the original, because
that crime had been committed for the benefit of the party.
Sir, it gives me no pleasure to refer to this occurrence. "We
formerly flattered ourselves that, however mischievous lo-
cofocoism might become in other sections, there was in
North Carolina, and other parts of the South, a regard for
public opinion, and a feeling of personal honor among Its
.leading members, which would keep it somewhat within
the bounds! of decency. But it is a tree which bears the
same fruit in every climate. - Jts late exhibitions will arout-e
the indignation of the virtuous yeomanry of the Old -North
State."
The committee appointed to investigate the mat-
ter, reported the followingresolutions:
"Resolved, That the certificate of the.senator from Ons-
low, and' by him introduced to the Senate as genuine, the
first day of the session, is a forgeiy.
"Resolved, That inasmuch as no evidence has been offer-
ed before-the committee to implicate any other person in the
transaction, that the senator himself has either been guilty
ofthe foigery, oi procured it to be done, or was at least
aware it was not genuine, and therefore practised a fraud
upon the Senate, and ought to be expelled.
"Resolved, That for the reasons aforesaid, the senator from
Onslow be, and is hereby expelled from the Senate, and his
seat therein vacated."
The first resolution, as stated by my colleague,
passed unanimously; but every democrat voted
against the second and third resolutions, which were
passed by the casting vote of the whig Speaker.
Thejr reasons for voting against the resolutions have
been embodied in a protest against their passage,
drawn up with great ability, in which the erroneous
and utterly indefensible positions assumed in the re-
port of the committee, and embodied in their two
last resolutions, are examined and exposed with a
clearness and force rarely equalled. To the enter-
ing of -this protest upon the journal of the Senate,
under a provision in our constitution, securing to
every member the right to do so, every whig sen-
ator was opposed, and voted against it. I cannot
present the merits ofthe controversy in a clearer
light, and vindicate the conduct of the democratic
senators more successfully, than by quoting or stat-
ing the material parts of that able document.
The democratic senators say they "protest against
the passage of the two last resolutions, because the
• rule of evidence which the majority of the commit-
tee applied to his case was laid down in too broad,
harsh, and unqualified a sense; because the evidence
was not correctly reported; because that report was
accompanied by an argument against Mr. Ennett,
based upon unfounded assumption, and tended to
prejudice his trial; because that report and the prin-
ciple contained in the second resolution, threw upon
him the burden of establishing his own innocence;
because his counsel was denied that liberty of
speech which is indispensable to fair and impartial
trial; and because Mr. Ennett's account of the way
he was put in possession of the alleged spurious
certificate,, and which was part of the evidence re-
ported by the committee, being uncontradicted and
ful'y supported by the whole evidence put in on his
trial, and corroborated by unquestioned proof of his
having the most unblemished character, formed a
weight of testimony which repelled every suspicion
of his guilty connection with the spurious certifi-
cate."
They then proceed to give the facts and reasons
far their conclusions, from which it appears "that
Ennett left home upder the most confident belief
and expectation of receiving his certificate in time
to take'his seat on Monday, the 18th of November,
the day of the meeting of the legis'ature; that he had
assurances to this effect from the sheriff and two
other persons; that he was advised, before he left
home, and after reaching Raleigh, by several mem-
bers ofthe legislature, that his certificate was not in-
dispensable to his taking his seat; but that his col-
leagues, or others, would be heard to prove his elec-
tion, as hod been the practice m other cases; that he
had mentioned it publicly on the day he arrived, [in
Raleigh,] (Saturday;) that he had come without h s
certificate;" that a stranger called at his room on
Sunday night about eight o'clock, and said he had
a letter for him, but did not make himself known;
that Mr. Ennett asked him to walk in; the stranger
replied he was 111 a hurry, handed Mr. Ennett the
letter, and immediately retired in the dark; that on
Monday morning, Mr. Ennett informed his room-
mate, Mr. Jackson, also Mr. Melvill, and stated
publicly, in a company of gentlemen, -that he had
received his certificate the night before; that before
the letter was handed him, he called at the post-of-
fice for his certificate, whieh he expected to arrive
every hour, but did not know whether by hand or
mail; that the signature to the certificate resembled the
hand-writingofslieriffAverittbutslightly,but enough
to make a person acquainted with it, suppose it
might have been written on his knee; that after
