Jan. 1845.
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE,
28th Cong 2d Sess.
Annexation of Texas—Mr. Daniel.
H. of Reps.
certificate had been presented, and Mr. Ennett qual-
ified, Mr. Hellen, a whig senator, obtained it from
the clerk, and without any authority from the Sen-
ate, and kept it for some time; showed it to several
persons; that several persons marked their initials
upon the certificate—among them Mr. Gaither, af-
terwards made Speaker—"that it did not appear
that this movement on the part of Mr. Hellen, and
others, intimating their suspicion, was made known
to Mr. Ennett at the time." That he heard of the
suspicion of its genuineness Monday night, or
Tuesday morning, and hef.ve 10 o'clock of that day
called on the clerk and demanded an inspection of
it. He was not sufficiently acquainted 'with the
hand-writing of sheriff Averiu to say whether it
was genuine or not, and gave the clerk an account
of the manner in which it had come to his posses-
Lion; that, on the 29th of November, having receiv-
ed his ceitincate in a letter from Sheriff Averitt, en-
closed in a Setter from a Mr. Marble, lie presented
the certificate and the two letters to the Senate,
made his statement how the spurious certificate
had been put upon him, and that he now believed,
from compiling the two, he had been imposed up-
on, and asked the Senate to raise a committee to in-
vestigate the matter; that his statements of the man-
ner in which he came by the certificate, made to
Mr. Melvill, the clerk, and to the Senate, was sub-
stantially the same, though the latter was not so
full; that the committee of investigation, in their re-
port of Mr. Saunders's evidence, represented him
as saying, Mr. Ennett informed him on Monday,
the day of the meeting of the legislature, that he had
no certificate; the senator Wilson, a democrat,
stated on the trial that Mr. Saunders stated in the
cbmmiitcc, two or three times, he did not recollcot
whether it was Sunday or Monday that Mr. Ennett
tolci him he had no certificate; that Mr. .Saunders,
when called uto the bar of the Senate, swore that
he told the committee, several times, that he was un-
certain whether it was Sunday or Monday, and that
since his examination before the committee, he was
still uncertain;" that the Hon. Wm. H. Washing-
ton, of the House of Commons, proved that Mr.
Er ne:f/s general character was that of "an ignorant,
inoffensive, harmless man, without a blemish rest-
ing upon it," another gentleman proved "that he
otand* a* fair as any man in Onslow;" Mr. Nixon,
ot the House of Commons, proved that he had
known hnn intimately for ten years, and that his
general rhjuacter w.-'s that of "an honest, good
man, without a blemish, simple and confiding; a do-
mestic man in his habits; a sober, moral, industri-
ous farmer; a kind father, and an obliging, benevo-
lent neighbor.'*
These are briefly the facts set forth in the protest,
about which 1 believe there is no controversy. It
presents, ?]so, clearly and forcibly, the perversion
<*nd misapplication of the principle of law upon
winch the leport of the committee and the second
resolution, embodying the reason for Mr. Ennett's
expulsion, d^'ared m the thud resolution. The
committed s *y in their report:
"It T;.upt be m inilesfc upon !<•: < t rons.ideration. that jf
a mn pio luei'S ana uses Jor hi*, on :i Vnefit a lorged instru-
ment. n.i'l i.o ■satisfactory account either of the manner
in hich he became of the instrument, oi of the
[-rpetr. tor of the offence, he ought to be held himself to
nare forgt-d or a::ed in the forgery
This is the groundwoik and foundation of the
committee's report and resolutions, and, it must be
presumed, of the vote of the whig senators for the
expulsion of Mr. Ennett.
'Ihe rule ot evidence -which the committee ought to
have api'liwu to his, case,says the protest, "is this,: 'that
Where the .on )-> of such a K snd at manifests that the
stolen goodi. (or i-j, ged certificate) have cone to the posses-
<\y /{{■> o'xn act, or his nvdu .hted concur/ eace, it af-
, foul^Tu eiumntiou ot guilt " — (See .fudge Gaston's opinion
la the late case oi the State vs Snnth, -2 Iredell's Rep) In
Mf i'.nijett's case, the evidence aid not manifest that the
'pmiouo certificate came to his possession by his own act,
nor^y his own concurrence, nor that no other person,
could nm e h >3 a motive to put the possession upon hnn.
K.-- stiteiufcuc beine:t.hat ol an honest man, and made pan
of the c ideuce in the case, showed that a le'tei was put in.
tolas possession by an vnl-^ou^ hand, and that until he
opened it he did not know w hat it contained; and that be-
fore he opened it the unknown beaierof that letter \v?h
gone He had no suspicion of anything being wrong, be-
cause K'thvs are oftentimes handed by unknown hands—be-
cause oilice-seekers about Raleigh are in the habit of send-
ing letter; t-> members m every form and way, and he ex-
pected at first that it v. as a letter from an office-seeker, and
after he opened U and found it contained a certificate of his
electron, >: was what he also expected to arrive every hour,
although he did not know certainly in what way, by hand
or hv marl, and he had inquired that night at the post office,
<'.11-3 h* J noi obtained it before this letter was handed to
him.**
Mother cast, the nils if taid down by the Su-
nn
preme Cour*- with this important qualification, so
strongly der^inded by the circumstances of Mr. En-
nett's case:
"The force of the presumption depends upon the ability
of the accused to show with facility the real truth; and his
refusal to do so, iftheiebe other circumstances from which
it may be judged that certainly or probably his possession
was not acquired by his own taking, then the whole pre-
sumption fails."
In a very recent case, the State vs. Scipio Smith,
the rule relied upon, as stated by Judge Gaston, was
as follows:
"When we examine the cases in which such a presump-
tion has been sanctioned, or consider the grounds of reason
and. experience on which the presumption is c early war-
ranted, we shall find that it applies only when hi£ possession
is of a kind which manifests that the stolen goods have come
to the possessor by hu own act, at all events by his undoubt-
ed concurrence."
"As to the maxim of law," says the protest, "we say that
its application to Mr. E.'s case was too harsh and unqualified,
and that, even as harshly as they applied it, it only raised
a technical presumption of guilt, which, under the exercise of
a smalt degree of the ordinary benignity of the law, was
completely repelled by the fact of all absence of motive on
his part to forge a certificate; by hi* consistent and reasona-
able account of ihe wa> ..came into his possession; and by
the proof of his unblemished, simple, confiding character;
which latter fact-—his good character—the committee do not
allude to in their leport, and therefore, we must presume,
did not inquire mt'> it; notwithstanding, in then report, they
express such a great anxiety to find out and report to the
Senate all the evidence that might establish j\lr Ennett's
innocence."
The protest, in speaking of the interruptions of
Mr. Ennett's counsel, says:
"The undersigned iurther protest in this—that as the com-
mittee in their report, and the Senate, by the mode of his
trial, had thrown upon Mr. Ennett the burden of proving his
own innocence, contrary to the maxim of law, and usages
in such cases, his counsel ought not to have been refused,
as they were, the right and privilege of replying to such
objections as might have been made in argument to that
proof, and more especially, as the committee's report,
charged with ail its errors, had been printed, circulated, and
must have prejudiced Mr. Ennett's cause. And the under-
signed ahovi olest in this—that the Speaker ought not to have
interrupted Mr. Ennett's counsel as he did, by repeatedly
calling him to order; for we think it was the counsel's duty
to say what we did, when thus called to order, with a view
of securmg an unprejudiced trial to his client."
From the repeated calls to order by the Speaker,
and the limited range of remark allowed, the coun-
sel of Mr. Ennett, believing he could not do justice
to his client, took his seat; and soon after the reso-
lutions expelling Mr. Ennett were passed by the
whig senators, with the casting vote of the whig
speaker.
{ have, Mr. Chairman, sketched briefly, but I be-
lieve truly, the features of Mr. Ennett's case, from
which the committee and the country will be ena-
bled to perceive what part the whig senators, as
well as the democratic senators, acted in it, and will
judge whose course is most commendable, and best
calculated to uphold and maintain the principles of
representative government and popular rights, so es-
sentially involved in the case. Sir, the" people of
North Carolina, who are more immediately interest-
ed, will judge for themselves; and I do not fear the
result of theii judgment. So far as the county of
Onslow is concerned, they have already spoken, by
sending Mr. Ennett back to resume his seat with
those whig senators whose rare and extraordinary pre-
tensions to honor and purity drove him from their
presence, regardless of the deep wound they inflict-
ed upon the rights of his constituents, with but sev-
enteen votes cast against him. Sir, I must be per-
mitted to say, in dismissing this topic, the democrat-
ic senators have no cause to regret the course they
pursued in the case of Mr. Ennett, and as little
cause to pine at laurels which their whig opponents
have gained by the achievement of which my col-
league has so proudly boasted.
In approaching the subject before the committee,
I will direct my remarks to the principal ground up-
on which the opposition to the admission of Texas
has been placed—the want of constitutional power,
—and, if my time will permit, examine the other
objections.
The first clause of the third section of the fourth
article of the constitution, is in these words:
"New States may be admittedby Congress into this Union;
but no new State shall by formed or erected within the -uris-
diction of any othpr State, nor any State bp formed b> the
junction of two or more States, or parts of States, without
the consent of the legislatures of the States concerned.
When the constitution was formed, the British
colonies on the north, and the Floridas and Louisi-
ana on the south and southwest, commanding the
navigation of the Mississippi river, bounded the
States upon which it was designed immediately to
operate: and there was much unsettled territory
within the original limits of some of the States,
which had been ceded to the United States, and som©
without the chartered limits of the States but within
the boundaries agreed upon by the treaty of peace in
1783. Now, the term "States," in its ordinary his-
torical sense, is of very comprehensive import, and
used to denote any political community without re-
gard to its form of government. Hence we speak
not only of the "United States of America," but of
"the States of Italy," "the States of Germany,"
"the States of Europe." In the ninth section of the
first article of the constitution, we find the term
"State" clearly used in this comprehensive sense,
where it is provided that "no person holding any
office of profit or trust under them, [the United
States,] without the consent of Congress, shall ac-
cept of any present, emolument, office, or title of any
kind whatever, from any king, prince, or foreign
State." The word "foreign" does not enlarge tne
import of the term "State," but was intended to
avoid ambiguity, by excluding its application to the
States of the Union. There is nothing, then, in the
term "State" or "States," in other parts of the con-
stitution, to give to the term "new States" a techni-
cal meaning, and restrict their ordinary import; and
the circumstances by which the framersof the con*
stitution were surrounded, favor the conclusion that
they were intended to be used in their most compre-
hensive sense, and to embrace "new States" arising
in contiguous territory, as well as within our limits^
It was then seen that not only would "new States**
grow up within our limits, but, from the revolutions
and changes to which nations are liable, "new
States" might arise in the foreign territory by which
we were surrounded, which, on account of the navi-
gation of the Mississippi, it would be of the highest
importance to admit as members of the federal
Union. And they therefore provided for such con-
tingencies, should they arise, by vesting; in Congress
the power to admit "new States into this Union," in
the most appropriate and comprehensive terms the
English language afforded.
If a doubt remains that the power to admit new
States into the Union was intended to apply to new
States of foreign territory, as well as territory with-
in the limits of the United States, it will be removed
by a brief review of the history of the convention in
reference to the clause in question. In the articles
of confederation which the-convention that formed
the constitution assembled to revise and amende there
was a clause for the admission of Canada and other
colonies in these words:
"Canada, acceding to this confederation, and joining in
the measures of the United States, shall be admitted into,
and entitled to, all the advantages of this Union; but no other
colony shall be admitted into the same, unless such admis-
sion be agreed to by nine States."
In the convention, Edmund Randolph of Virginia,
introduced a series of resolutions touching the pow-
ers necessary to be vested in the government they
were about to form, (for they did not confine them-
selves merely to the revision and amendment of the
articles of confederation,) and Charles Pinckney of
South Carolina, apian of government. Wm. Patter-
son of New Jersey, at a subsequent stage of the pro-
ings, submitted a series of resolutions also. In
each of the series submitted by Mr. Randolph and
Mr. Patterson, there was a resolution for the admis-
sion of new States, and a similar provision in the
plan of government offered by Mr. Pinckney. The
resolution of Mi*. Patterson, and the article in Mr.
Pmckney's draft of a constitution, proposed to give
Congress the power to admit new States, without
restricting it to States arising within the limits of the
United States. But the resolution of Mr. Randolph
proposed to restrict the power to the admission of
"States lawfully arising within the limits of the
United States." The resolutions of both Mr. Ran-
dolph and Mr. Patterson, and the draft of Mr.
Pmckncy, were referred to the Committee of the
Whole. Mr. Randolph's resolutions seem to have
engrossed the attention of the committee, and, after
discussion, were reported with amendments to the
convention, and then referred to a committee, called
"the committee of detail," for the purpose of draft-
ing the form of a constitution, consisting of Mr.
Rutledge, Mr. Randolph, Mr. Gorham, Mr. Ells-
worth, and Mr. Wilson. The resolution for the
admission of new States was reported by the Com-
mittee of the Whole to the convention, and then re-
ferred to the Committee of Detail without amend-
ment.
In the_17th article of the plan of a constitution,
reported by the Committee or Detail, the resolution
of Mr. Randolph was substantially preserved,*
though somewhat varied in phraseology, So nrnr,K
