m
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
Jan. 1845.
28th Coug 2d Sess.
Annexation of Texas—Mr. Daniel.
H. of Rep3.
of it as is material to the point under consideration
was in these words:
"New States lawfully constituted, or established within
the limits of the United States, may be admitted by the legis-
lature in this government."
This plan was again considered in convention, and
■while the article for the admission of new States
was under consideration, Gouvemeur Morris moved
ihe following substitute:
"New States may be admitted by the legislature into this
Union; but no new State shall be erected within the limits
of any of the present States without the consent of the
legislature of such State as well us the general legislature "
Which, to the word "Union," inclusive, was
unanimously adopted. The word "limits" was
changed for "jurisdiction," and some other amend-
ments made by the convention, or "the committee
of revision," or "of style and arrangement," to
which the plan was successively referred, so as to
make it assume the form of the clause as it now
stands in the constitution. It will be seen that Gouv-
emeur Moriris's substitute dispenses with the re-
striction confining the power to "new States law-
fully constituted, or established within the limits of
the United States," and uses the word "Union," in-
stead of "government." The only qualification upon
the power to admit new States was, that no new
State should be erected within the limits of any of
the then existing States, without the consent of the
legislature of such State as well as of the gen-
eral legislature (or Congress.) This qualifica-
tion would have excluded Vermont without
the consent of New York, within whose lim-
its shev was, setting herself up as an inde-
?endent State, against the claim and authority of
few York; but would not have protected any State
thereafter to be admitted from dismemberment, by a
portion of her citizens throwing off her authority
and jurisdiction, and setting themselves up as an in-
dependent State, as Vermont had done. But by
substituting the word "jurisdiction" for "limits," a
door was opened for the admission of Vermont,
without the conseyit of New York; for although she
was within the limits she was not within the jurisdic-
tion of New York, being herself in the exercise of
sovereignty. And it is not improbable that an eye
"was had, by some, to the eventual admission of the
western country of Virginia and Frankland, (now
Kentucky and Tennessee,) as States, into the
Union, without the consent of the legislatures of
those States; for although they were then under the
jurisdiction of those States, as well as within their
limits, it was not improbable that, in course of time,
they might throw off the jurisdiction of the parent
' States, m case the consent of their legislatures should
be withheld, and apply for admission as independ-
ent States. But it has been insisted by some that
the substitute of Gouvemeur Morris was not to ex-
tend the power so as to admit new States of foreign
territory, but simply to provide for the admission of
Vermont. Now, so far from that being the object
of the substitute, I iiave shown that it was so word-
ed as to exclude Vermont without the consent of
New York, and did not, therefore, differ from thear-
cle it was intended to supersede, so far as Vermont
was concerned. Indeed, there was much diversity
of opinion in the convention as to the propriety of
permitting Vermont to come in without the consent
of New York; and while the substitute was before
the convention, and before the modifications of it
were made with a view to admission, a motion was
made by Mr. Sherman to postpone the substitute,
in order to take up the following amendment: "the
legislature shall have power to admit other States
into the Union; and new States to be formed by the
division or junction of States now m the Union, with
the conscnt of the legislatures of such States," was
rejected, partly, no doubt, because it would let in
Vermont without the consent of the legislature of
New York. The amendment was obviously objec-
tionable on another ground: it provided against the
formation of new States "by the division or junction
of States" then "m the Union," but made no
such provision in regard to States which might
be afterwards admitted. To this objection the
substitute itself was liable, but was afterwards
amended by the modifications which it under-
went. If the object of Gouverneur Morris was
not to remove the restriction upon the power to admit
new States, but simply to provide for the admission
of Vermont, the simplest and most obvious way of
accomplishing that object was to move to strike out
the word Ulaw"fully, her exclusion in the article
reported by t&e committee of detail, as well as in
, Mr. Randolph's resolutions resting entirely upon the
force of that word. I submit, then, Mr. Chairman,
that the terms of the clause for the admission of
new States, the circumstances by which the con-
vention were surrounded, and the brief historical
review of the convention in reference to the article
in question, places it beyond all controversy that
"new States," whether of foreign territory or
within the limits of the United States, are the ob-
jects upon which the power vested in Congress was
intended to operate.
Mr. Chairman, two modes of admitting Texas
into the Union have been suggested by the several
resolutions which have been offered—the one to
admit it as a State, the other to admit or except it as
a territory. I maintain that it is within the power
vested in Congress to admit Texas in the one or
the other of the modes that may be deemed
best.
If, sir, I have conclusively shown, as I trust I
have, that the power to admit new States extends
to States arising without as well as within the limits
of the United States, it will follow as clearly as a
corollary from a mathematical proposition, that
Texas may be admitted as a Stale, unless forsooth
there is something solid in other objections which
have been urged. Those which seem to be most
imposing, I will proceed to examine.
It is objected that the power to acquire foreign
territory belongs to the treaty-making power, and is
lodged with the executive branch of the government,
and that it must be first acquired by treaty, with the
consent of two-thirds of the Senate, before the power
t.o admit new States out of it can be called into
action, and that Texas, therefore, must be first ac-
quired by treaty before it can be admitted as a State.
That the treaty power has been resorted to, in the
instances of Louisiana and Florida, to enlarge our
limits and extend our jurisdiction, we all know.
And I freely admit that in those cases, and in all
similar cases, that power only was and could be
properly revolted to. I think it equally clear, upon
general principles, as applicable to our peculiar and
complex system of government, the war power
lodged in Congress, and not in the executive, might,
under some circumstances, be made instrumental in
enlarging our limits and extending our jurisdiction.
For, but for the restraints of the articles of confed-
eration, and now of the federal constitution, the
treaty and war power would exist in each of the
States of this Union, in their fullest extent. They
are indispensable to the political existence of every
sovereign and independent community. These
powers were transferred by the States of the Union
to the federal government, with all their necessary
incidents, and vested—the one in Congress, the
other in the executive—to be exercised by and with
the advice of two-thirds of the Senate; not for the
purpose of impairing, but strengthening, their politi-
cal existence. But what does all this prove? Not
that Congress cannot admit Texas as a State or as a
territory. It only proves that our clear-headed and
far and wideseeing ancestors had the wisdom to
arm that government which is the admiration of the
civilized world, with more powers or means than
one for the accomplishment of the same or similar
ends, leaving it to the wisdom or discretion of those
with whom they might be intrusted, for the time be-
ing, to resort to the one or the other, as circumstan-
ces might render necessary. .Vesting in different
branches of the government power to accomplish
the same or similar ends, to be exercised as circum-
stances might render it most appropriate for the one
or the other to be resorted to, was not supposed, nor
does it necessarily produce any conflict in their ex-
ercise. Congress has the power "to lay and collcct
taxes, duties, imposts, and excises," and also "to
regulate commerce with foreign nations," and has
generally prescribed the terms by a tariff of duties
upon which goods from abroad may be imported
into the United States; but in some instances the
treaty-making power, whose appropriate functions
appertain to our foreign relations, has been resorted
to to obtain advantages in our commercial inter-
course with foreign nations, to which the power of
Congress as a legislative body was inappropriate
and incompetent; and commercial conventions have
been concluded, the constitutionality of which no
person has ever called in question. So in regard to
Texas: if we knew nothing of the terms upon
which she would be willing to come into the Union,
or that she would come in on any terms, the treaty-
power might be resorted to in order to acquire
Texas, as w7as done when the negotiations were
first set on foot; or if we were to be forced into a
just and legitimate war with Texas? and were to
make conquest of it, we might hold Texas acquired
by the rightful exercise of either of these powers,
and Congress might then, in its discretion, admit it
into the Union, to which Congress only is compe-
tent. But when Texas has signified her willingness,
arfd we have reason to believe we know the terms
upon which she would be willing to be admitted
into the Union, and we are clothed with the power
to admit a State of foreign territory, "why invoke
the treaty power, if we are satisfied with the terms?
When, in connection with these general considera-
tions, we reflect that the power to admit new States
extends to States without as well as within the lim-
its of the United States, we are forced to conclude
that the objection I am consideringis merely specious;
for if it was the intention of the convention that
Congress should exercise the power to admk new
States in no instance until it had been first acquired
and our limits extended by treaty, and, if you
please, the war power, it was unnecessary and idle
to have dispensed with the v ords restricting the
power to new States "constituted or established
within the limits of the United States."
But, Mr. Chairman, the constitution, among other
things, requires a representative in Congress to have
been a citizen of the United States seven years, and
a senator nine, and each to be an inhabitant - of the
State in which he shall be chosen; and it is objected
that Texas cannot be admitted as a State, because
she could not be represented, if Texas could' not
be represented by any of her citizens in case of her
admission, there would be much force in the objec-
tion. For we cannot suppose the convention in-
tended to subject any State which might be admit-
ted into the Union to the humiliation of being repre-
sented by others than her own citizens. But is this
so? In order to determine the force of the objection,
it will be nccessary to consider the citizenship men-
tioned in the constitution, and the object ot the qual-
ifications of representatives and senators. The idea
of citizenship of the United States must have origin-
ated in the nature and object of our Union under the
articles of confederation, as declared in the 4th arti-
cle, the material part of which is in these words:
"The better to secure and perpetuate mutual friendship
and intercourse among the people of the different States
m this Union, the free inhabitants of each ot these States,
perhaps vagabonds and fugitives from justice excepted,
shall be entitled to all privileges and immunities of free
citizens in the several States, and the people of each State
shall have free ingress and egress> to and from any other State,
and ?hail enjoy therein all the privileges of tiade and com-
merce, subject to the same duties, impositions, and restric-
tions as thi inhabitants thereof respectively."
When the articles of confederation were formed,
there was no territory of the United States except
what was included wfthin the limits of the several
States, and the articles themselves constituted mere-
ly a compact between the States as parties" to it, but
formed no general government, creating- that relation
between the government and the governed, from
which citizenship is supposed to result. By virtue
of the stipulation in the compact, the citizens of any
one State were looked upon, not merely as citizens
of that particular State, but as citizens of the United
States, inasmuch as they were thereby vested with
the right of citizenship in any other State in which
they might choose to take up their abode. To be-
come a citizen of any one State, (and it was the only
way a citizen of the northwestern territory, to which
the benefits of the confederation was extended by
compact, in which citizenship could then be acquir-
ed,) drew after it the privileges and immunities ot
citizens of the several or United States as a conse-
quence. But when the articles of confederation were
superseded by the present constitution, our situation
was different.
By the limits settled by the treaty of peace, as
well as by the cessions of several of the States, the
United States owned much territory, and the adop-
tion of the constitution of the United States estab-
lished a government which acted directly upon
the people of the States as well as upon the people
of the Territor.es. The fouith article of the con-
federation is substantially retained in the second
section of the fourth article of the constitu-
tion, which is in these words: "The citizens
of each State shall be entitled to all the priv-
ileges and immunities of citizens in the several
States." But no express provision is made respect-
ins: cuizcnship of the inhabitants of Territories.
Their citizenship must result from their rclalicnto
the government which protects them, and to which
they owe obedience. For they are surely citizens of
the United States.
it would seem, then, that the citizenship required
