290
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
Ian. 1845.
28th Cong 2d Sbss.
Annexation of Texas—Mr, J. P. Kennedy.
H. of Reps.
isphere into commotion. Well, sir, we have had it.
In the first two days it was well nigh spent; would
have run short but for the philanthropy of the gen-
tleman from Philadelphia, [Mr. J. R. Ingersoll,]
who Kindly stepped forward, at a critical moment,
to supply new combustibles for the cauldron. The
devoted gentleman from Massachusetts, [Mr. Win-
throp,] who was close at hand, was its first victim.
How he cowered under it we have seen: how speed-
ily he regained his voice, we have also witnessed;
and may congratulate him that his gallant bearing
in these perils is likely to win him new honors and
fresh applause at home. He has earned a renewed
title to the respect and confidence of his constituents.
But, after all, sir—to speak honestly in this matter
—I must say I have heard better thunder—and of
the same kind; melodramatic, in the playhouse,
where the scene required a tempest to be brewed:
sheet iron thunder, sir; made by vibrating a tin-plate
five feet square, with a little powdered rosin, sul-
phur, and saltpetre flashed off at intervals, by way
of lightning. Judging from the rap'd recovery of
my friend from Boston, we may take pleasure in
the reflection ^that neither he, nor Sir Robert Peel,
nor any who stand in the gradations between them,
are likely to be annihilated just yet. The next
steamer, perhaps, will give us fresh assurance on
this point.
Mr. Chairman, whatever insignificance may have
been attached to this question of reannexation in its
origin—however the country may have neglected or
spurned it, while it was supposed to owe its pater-
nity to that accidental functionary who has made it
his boast that he came into power without a party,
and of whom I will prophesy that he will depart
from power without a friend—however this measure,
9ir, may have been contemned while under his ill-
omened nursing, it is far otherwise now. Whoever
may have been the author of that old annexation of
1824, of which the gentleman from Illinois [Mr.
Douglass] has spoken in terms of commendation,
unquestionably the present acting Chief Magistrate
was the foster-father of re-annexation, at least. In
his keeping it was nothing. But ever since it was
feloniously stolen from him, on that fatal 27th of
May, in Baltimore, it has become a question of
great, even of awful, import to the people of this
Union. The hopes that animate, the fears that
alarm, friend and foe, testify everywhere that every
mind is filled with this engrossing topic. Many
good and valued citizens—thousand, tens and hun-
dreds of thousands, of thoughtful, earnest, and pa-
triotic men, their wives and children—are looking to
the proceedings of this House with a deep senti-
ment of deprecation and prayer of deliverance.
However stoutly gentlemen on the other side may
affect to bear themselves here, he must be a careless
observer of what is passing around him who does
not see doubt of popular censure and distrust of
their own rashness pervading the ranks of those
who claim here to be the friends of the measure.
Texas may well find reason to doubt the success of
her fortunes when committed to such auspices. Let
her look to it. It is quite apparent that the majority
here would most willingly take refuge in ariy ab-
stract proposition of annexation which shall release
them from the responsibility of suggesting or voting
for a definite and practical measure. The spectre
of a violated constitution tracks their footsteps, and
many are afraid to look behind. How else shall we
account for these struggles ever to produce some
new plan to do this deed? Why is there no agree-
ment of action here? Does the democratic party
hold no caucus—fall ink no joint deliberation? Has
it ceased to look to a fugleman? Sir, things are
greatly altered since the 27th of May.
The intrinsic difficulties of annexation are greatly
increased by past events. The Senate stands in the
way. The great question now is, not so much
whether there be power in this government to ac-
quire a foreign territory, as whether it can be ac-
quired in spite of the treaty-making power. This
is not the first time, sir, that a whig Senate has put
strict construction to its trumps—pressed it to its
wit's end to evade the constitution. But it is some-
thing new in our history to see so much disinterest-
ed ingenuity in the matter, so much baffled and dis-
trustful industry at work. Here is said to be a
clear intelligible purpose to annex a new State, con-
cerning which it is considered almost absurd to
dottbt, the constitutional power, and concerning
which, too, it is loudly said the people have issued
their decree. Yet what do we see? Contortion,
conflict, almost agony of mind, to contrive the way.
We are supplied with embryos and abortions from
every quarter; plans to perpetrate this act by eva-
sion and equivocation; in any way rather than by
directly meeting it in the mode which the common
sense of the nation suggests as the only one-known
to our constitution, if it can be done at all. Why
all this? It is to escape the Senate, the only con-
stitutional organ to approve and settle foreign nego-
tiation.
It is amusing to contemplate the dexterity and in-
genuity wasted in this enterprise. Thft strict-con-
struction gentlemen have been studying The Tale
of the Tuo, to acquire new skill from my Lord Pe-
ter in the science of interpretation. It i3 the case of
the shoulder-knots revived. Every body remem-
bers the difficulty of that case, and the admirable
strict constructionism by which it was surmounted.
It explains our present embarrassments so well that
I have sent to the library for the book, and will read
the passage which describes the mode adopted.
Shoulder-knots came in fashion, and the father's
will was very strong in commanding his sons not to
add to or diminish from their coats one thread,
without express authority in that instrument. The
shoulder-knots were cle^-ly an addition. The his-
torian says: *
"In this unhappy change they went immediately to con-
sult their father's will: read" it over and over, but not a
word of the shoulder-knot. What should they do} What
temper should they find? Obedience was absolutely neces-
sary, and) et shoulder-knots appeared extremely requisite.
After much thought one of the brothers, who happened to
be more book-learned than the other two, said he had found
an expedient. It is true, said he, there 'is nothing in this
will, totidem verbis, making mention of shoulder-knots; but
I dare conjecture we may find them inclusive, or lotidem syl-
labis. This distinction was immediately approved by all,
and so they fell again to examine. But their evil star had
so directed the matter that the first syllable was not to be
found in the whole writing. Upon which disappointment,
he who found the former evasion, took heart and said,
'Brothers, there is yet hope; for though we cannot find
find them toiidem verbis nor totidem syllabis, 1 dare engage
we shall make them out terfio modo, or totidem Uteri'}. This
discovery was also highly commended. Irpon which they
lell. once more, to the scrutiny, and picked out S, II, O, K,
L, D, E, It, when the same'planet, enemy to then repose,
had wonderfully contrived that a K was not to be found ''
Here, Mr. Chairman, I beg leave to invoke the
attention of the House and of the country, or at
least of all those, here and elsewhere, who have had
an idea—at one time a very common one, as I have
heard—that Congress might be spelled with a K,
to note what follows, because it not only assists us
in our present constitutional difficulties, butalso set-
tles the point clearly in favor of the old spelling.
The narrative continues:
"Here was a weighty difficulty. But the distinguished
brother, now his hand wa? in, proved by a very good argu-
ment that K was a modern illegitimate letter, unknown to
the leained ages, nor anywhere to be found in ancient man-
uscripts. Tis true, said he, that the word calendse hath, in
(juibusdam veleiibus codicibus, been sometimes written with
a K, but erroneously ; for in the best copies it ha? ever been
spelt with a C. And, by consequence, it was a gross mis-
take in our language to spell knot with a K, but that from
henceforward he would take care it should be written with
a 0. Upon this all further difficulty vanished; shoulder
knots were made out clearly to be jure paterno, and our
three gentlemen swaggered with as large and as flaunting
ones as the best."
By such logic have we had this great question of
power to change the limits, and with it the identity
of this nation, argued and sustained upon this floor.
Gentlemen have produced in this House already
same eight or ten plans for theannexation ofTexas.
Every day brings forth a new one. How many
are still lying in the portfolios of members I know
not. The Globe of to-day brings a letter from Gen.
Jackson on this question. Lie has noticed this
superfcetation of the House of Representatives—
finds fault with this abundance, and gives a note-
v.'oi thy hint of the necessity of despatch. It is his
opinion that if we do not take care of Texas very
quickly, she will take care of herself by refusing
future offers; and then, he seems to insinuate, no
way will be left for us but to compel her to be
happy by the sword. This is rather rough woo-
ing, and something, too, after the manner of the
ancientRoman. It is, in more senses than one, a
threat against the Sabine. This crack of the whip
from the Hermitage will doubtless produce lis effect
here. Who, of the numerous projectors of these
dhers schemes, will take the hint, and signalize his
fealty by being the first to withdtaw?
Here is, first, the plan of the chairman of the
committee, [Mr. C. J. Ingersoll]—a simple expe-
dient to ratify a rejected treaty by joint resolution of
Congress—a scheme to out-veto the veto of tin
Senate. This seems, by common consent, to be
regarded as somewhat too violent a demand upon
the tender consciences of the House, and therefore
we have many substitutes. We have a substitute
by the gentleman from Ohio, [Mr. Weller,] which
is worthy studying as a specimen of the art of le-
gislating for a territory and people beyond our'iuris-
aiction. Then a substitute from Kentucky", [by
Mr. Tibbatts,] which I take to be intended as a
recipe for shying a constitutional impediment. It
is founded on the discovery that, although we can-
not annex territory, yet we can annex a foreign
State, which includes territory; thus affording a
practical illustration of a wise saw, which at the
last session we were compelled to vote upon, and
succeeded in establishing as a cardinal point of
democracy—namely, that "Congress has no power to
do indirectly what it cannot do directly." That, I
thinH:, was the very language of the resolution.
Then comes the gentleman from Illinois [Mr. Doug-
las] with another plan. It is to fulfil what he
calls the guaranty of the treaty of 1803, by which it
was stipulated that the inhabitants of Louisiana
should be made citizens of the Union, and which,
he affirms, it is now our duty to do for the people of
Texas, notwithstanding all that has happened since.
This plan, sir, I commend as an ingenious indention
to revive one dead treaty by strangling three living
ones—the treaty of 1803 against the treaties of
1819, 1831, and 1838.
After these, sir, we have the plan of the gentle^
man from Alabama, [Mr. Belser,] a plain, direct
marching up to the question, in defiance of all op-
posers—a throwing down of the glove to-strict con-
struction, its knights and squires. Of all these
plans, if I were an immediate annexationist—by
which, I presume, is meant one who goes for Texas
by act of Congress, as Jong as the treaty-making
power refuses—of ail these plans, sir, I should pre-
fer this from Alabama. It is frank, manly, and to
the point. It seems to say, "If it were done when
it is done, it were well it were done quickly." If
this deed of usurpation is to be consummated, let it
be done with a bold face, without equivocation, and
with a broad breast to the issue. The gentleman
who proposes it is an ardent, unhesitating, aiid un-
compromising friend of the measure. He honestly
believes it is for the good of the country, and evi-
dently is convinced that the United States and Texas
are panting for the embrace. His mode of bringing
them together is conceived in the spirit of the ejacu-
lation, now become almost classic in our language,
of the impatient tragic hero, "Ye gods, annihilate
but time and space, and make two lovers happy!''
Sir, an earnest man is always entitled to respect.
When he is earnest, he is honest. I take pleasure
in commending the sincerity of that gentleman, al-
though he unconsciously contributed somewhat to-
wards an attempt made in April last to procure the
censure of my constituents upon me for a letter I
had written against annexation. A meeting of the
friends of annexation was held in the city of Balti-
more at that period; and the announcement of the
gentleman from Alabama as the principal speaker
for the occasion, constituted the attraction which
brought together a large assemblage. Advantage
was taken of this meeting to draw down an unpro-
voked and unjustifiable censure upon me, for opin-
ions I had expressed in no public or representative
character, and which I had as much ri^ht to enter-
tain and express as any other citizen. The attempt
was a most signal failure. The better part of those
who got up the meeting were ashamed of it. Some
of the officers of that meeting have voluntarily ten-
dered to me the expression of their dissatisfaction of
the proceeding. 1 do not mean to be understood
that the gentleman from Alabama had an)' agen:y
in the suggestion or presentation of these resolution*.
I know he had not. They came most unexpectedly
to the meeting, as I have reason to Ixhcve, fivm cer-
tain citizens of Baltimore who were more ambitious
to win favor at the White Houre, by even this
wretched act of homage to John Tyler, than they
were to help the cause of annexation. T do not find
fault with it, but rather rcjoire that it gave me dem-
onstration of a fact which, before that time, I could
only know from conjecture—that the large majority
of my constituents did not disapprove of my opin-
ions upon the subject of Tev <5.
Amongst these schemes 1 shall stop to notice but
one moie. It is one which derive..., from the stand-
ing of its author, a high claim to the support of at
least his political friends. I allude to the propo-
sition submitted by the gentleman from Virginia,
[Mr. Dromgoole.] There are indications of more
favor to this scheme, perhaps, than to either of the
others. It is a proposition to annex Texas in the
same manner as the gentleman would have u$ be*
