Jan. 1845.
appendix to 1^he congressional glome.
28th Cong 2d Sess.
Annexation of Texas—Mr. J. P. Kennedy,
H. of Reps.
lieve that Vermont came into the Union; that is, by
an act authorizing the State to come into the Union
on a certain day, upon its compliance with condi-
tions, as to its constitution, prescrioed in ad^ancc.
There is to be no inspection of the constitution by
Congress before the admission of the State. Texas
is to judge for herself as to whether the conditions
are observed, and, complying with these, she is to
be a member of this Union on the 4th of July next.
Sir, I believe there is not a man on this floor who
would consent to admit Iowa or Florida, or any
other State within our knowledged limits, on such
terms. The zeal for Texas outruns all discretion,
and we can take her upon a trust which every one
would deem it discreet to refuse to every other por-
tion of our confederacy.
The gentleman from Virginia, in submitting his
proposition to the House, spoke of Vermont at the
time of her admission as a foreign territory; likened
her to Texas, end claimed her case, as a precedent,
Sir, for one of his accurate study he is singularly in
error. Vermont was a disputed ground between
New lork and New Hampshire. one was claimed
by both. Rejecting both, she set up f >r herself,
affirming her i ight to make a separate member of
the confederation. This bred a long quarrel, a
quarrel which las'ed through (he whole revolution.
But she was, on ail s.des, admitted to be a part of
the United Colonies. As such, she partook of the war
and bore the standard of freedom on some of the
best battle-fields of the revolut'on. She fought for
the cause of the colonies, and with them conquered.
Whether as part of New York, an part of New
Hampshire, or a separate State car\ed out of both
and disowning both, she wa" always the loyal and
active friend of independence, and won her full
share of the glory and of the privilege of the revohi-
tion. The question of her controversy with New
York and N«.-w Hampshire, and the recognition of
her separate existence as a State, was not settled
until 1791. Being settled in that year, she then
came into the Union as the other colonies had come,
by ratification and adoption of the constitution. If
the gentleman from Virginia wishes really to follow
the precedent of Vermont in the ease of Texas, let
him recommend to Texas a short act of her legisla-
ture ratifying and appro\ing the constitution of the
United Stater, end elaiminii admission on that store.
Such a proceeding will enable him to test the point
whether Teya; and Vermont stand in the same cat-
egoiy,
Sir, thfso Tebemes *m'p confessions—confessions
of the doubt 4md difficulty of the constitutional
question. As hypoewsy m said to be homage to
vutue, so is doulu homage to truth. Gentlemen
suspect themsehc* to be in the wrong, and therefoie
they struggle in fnd deviccs, specious evasions,
which may seem, at leas!, to be right. Now, sir,
doubtful powcis ought not to be exercised. That
was once n fundamental piofession, though never a
fundamental pin-: lice, of modern democracy. Gen-
eral Jackson woe somewhat famous for this precept.
The powers claimed now, are they not doubtful?
Let these ten trials to frame a plan of annexation at
tins moment upon our u\l !es—let the fifty plans that
lurk m the brums of menileis here, and not yet di-
vulged, answer.
I propose to occupy a portion of the time of the
committee with some remarks on tins constitutional
question. "Wc have been invited to this argument
by the other «ide, and u ts right that we should un-
deisuuid each other upon a topic of so much moment
to the country.
In the enumeration of functions delegated to the
fed Rial government, thue is a total silence as to the
power to cicqunc f-rrimry. If sm h a power exist,
therefore, it >s only by miphcation. It must be de-
duced from sume power critically expiessed nt the
constitution. Mr. Jefferson was a stiict construc-
tionist—the founder of a school which professes to
be hostile to all implh d powers, except, sucii as are
of clear and inevitable inference. hie domed this
power to acquire tenitory in most unequivocal
teims; adnrtted the exercise of it, m the ease of the
purchase of Louisiana, to be altogether unauthor-
ized; and onlv justified that measure upon the pica
of a State necessity und the acquiescence of the
whole countiy. Even umviiimg that it should rest
upon tins basis, he asked for an amendment of the
constitution to meet the case. His private letters,
as well as h's public papers, leave no room for dis-
pute as to his decided convictions upon this point.
Supposing, sir, m opposition to Mr. Jefferson's
opinion, that there is a power in this government to
pctjuire territory, such acquisition, from the nature
of the case, can only be in one or the other of three
modes—by conquest, by discovery, or by cession
and transfer. No government can enlarge its domain
in any other way.
We have a, yet had r.o case of conquer-t. The
validity of title by discovery is one of the topics
presented for debate in the Oregon question; the
only case, I believe, which our history affords of a
claim on that foundation. The title by cession and
transfer we have often had in discussion, and public
opinion has been fully and variously expressed in
regard to it, both maintaining and denying its va-
lidity. It struck me, sir, as worthy of remark, that
gentlemen of this House who are somewhat noted
for their zealous defence of the power to acquire
territory, made it a point, at the last session of Con-
gress, to express a very emphatic opinion against
the power of this government to establish and hold
colonics. I myself, sir, submitted that question to
the twenty-seventh Congress, in a report on the me-
morial of the Colonization Society: rather inclined,
too, as I am yet, to sustain the power. I was op-
posed, however, by t .e snicl constructionists, and
especially by the honorable member from South
Carolina, [Mr. Rhett,] in a report which he made
test session on this subject. Sir, if there be no
power to establish and hold colonies, it k- decisive
to my mind against the right of acquisition. If we
cannot provide for a foreign possession, re^jlute its
government, settle it, civilize it, protect it, open it to
the ingress of our own people, it seems to be a fair
corollary that we cannot acquire it. The acquisi-
tion, without these powers, would be fruitless.
The discovery of an is!and, the conquest of a for-
eign territory, or (he purchase of one, would bj the
most nugatory of all aJs, if we cannot go\ern what
wc obtain. I should Lkc to hear from the friends
of annexation, who h;;ve denied the power to hold
coloires, some intelligible reconcilement of these
two opinions.
Returning, however, to my argument, I desire :t
to be noted that, if ihere be a powei to acquire U-r-
riiory deducible from our constitution, it is a power
which is to be exorcised only through the execu-
tive. Acquisition by conquest can alone, be sus-
tained as ..n incident of the power which is given to
the executive to carry on war. Discovery rests on
the same basis; fin discovery is but a spccies of
conquest. Acquisition by cession and transfer is
the repult of tieaty. It implies negotiation between
sovereigns—agreement, latification, and permanent
obligation, as the supreme law to each paity. Tins
is also an executive power. The executive >s aided
and controlled by the counsel of the Sena to, winch
two combined cons:i.u!e the treaty or cor.'pact-
making power. 1 mean to say that the Senate is
united with the executive in this function, not as a
legislative body, but as a supreme council of advice.
It nets by a different rule from that which prevails
in its Iegjslati\e proieediog, lequiring two-thirds of
its votes to sustain a ticaty. It is, therefore, fm the
occasion, a portion of the executne, not the legisla-
ture of the nation.
Now, Mr. Chairman, f will not go the lergth of
my friend from Massachusetts, [Mr. Wtvttirop,]
and say that this power to acquire territory docs not
exist in our constitution. I nm no strict tonstrur-
tionis*, nr, as that phrase is understood; and do not
stand upon these v< ry nice distinctions. I believe
the constitution was designed to be, and is, a plain,
common sense, unteclmical poper, intended to con-
vey all p^weis thai might be found necessary to the
hc<j piness and safety of the people, thjt it Mas not
designed to exclude useful implications of power,
which might without violence to our language be
miVreed from its text; that it was conceived in the
idea that some breadth of construction should be
given to its phiase, to reach contingencies present-
ing obvious Lenefi's to the nation; that it cme? not
enumeiate the subdivisions of powers granted, only
been us? such enumeration would weaken the care":
not enumerated; and that it does enuim rat°. m br?sd
and somewhat mdtfinhe phrase, expiecsly that it
may leave an ample verge for cases and contingen-
cies which no sagacity could foresee. The gentle-
man from Illinois [\Ir. DorcL.'.:-.s] tcld ns the other
day th<n the great distinction between democrat end
whig—or federalist, as he took pains to add, hoping
doubtless, by this emphasis, to fix upon us the stale
and absuid charge of a synonyme, upon which his
party has alone subsisted for years,—he told us that
the distinction between the parties was, that the
whigs claimed the right to exercise ail powers
which were convenient and useful to the discharge of
the functions expressly designated in the constitu-
tion, whilst the democrats held the restriction,to be
to such as were necessary and proper. Sir, I will not
stop to adjust the balance between these phrases.
To my ear they sound pretty much alike; and
especiady in reference to this Texa& ques4ion. But
it might afford some diversion to the Hvisse, if die
gentleman would favor us with a metaphysical dis-
course to prove that the acquisition ofTexas, though
neither convenient nor useful, was highly necessary
and proper, and thus bring it within the pale of dem-
ocratic patronage. The truth is, sir, even amongst
the strict constructionists themselves, the constitu-
tion is made of more elastic material than many
suppose. I have never known a case where the
democracy of either South or North found the con-
stitution so fiat a bar in the way of party move-
ment thot theie was not some mode of getting over
it. If totidem verbis did not succeed, then totidem
Hjllabis was ready, and, as a corps de reserve at a
pinch, totidem Uteris was always at hand. If I were
asked, therefore, to define what was the great funda-
mental precept of the nexr democracy—and I would
particularly call the attention of the House to that
adjective new—it is this: where there is a will, there
is always a way.
I do not, as I have said, go the length of affirming
that there is no power to acquire territory. Cases
may arise, as they have arisen, in which this power
of acquisition may be valuable, necessary—impor-
tant even to the safety of the nation. I do not,
therefore, make points upon it, but will admit it
may be inferred from the grants of the constitu-
tion.
Then, sir, i say, if there is a power to acquire,
there is also a power to relinquish territory. They
are correlatives, and rest on the same argument.
The only grant m the constitution is, that the Presi-
dent "shall have power, with the advice and con-
sent of the Senate, to make treaties." This phraee
is left without limitation. I infer from it that it
was intended to confer upon the treaty-making pow-
era right to do all that, according to the usage of
nations, is ordinarily done by treaties, and which is
not forbidden in other sections of the constitution.
J recognise no other boundary to this power. These
acquisitions and cessions of which I have spoken
are undoubtedly amongst the highest and most del-
irate functions of government, and have a great in-
fluence upon the welfare of the nation. They re-
qr.ii e caution m their eycrcisc; happily, are very
seldom employed; and the circumstances with whieh
they may be connected will always present gra\e
and cogent demands upon the wisdom and patriot-
ism of the government. The powers relating :o
them, it strikes me, were for these reasons purpose-
ly left vague and indefinite Thev belong only to
great emergencies, in which, as all history shows,
strict boundaries of power are not, and often cannot
be, scrupulously observed. Such was the case of
the cession of Louisiana. It was justified by the
highest national inducements—no less than the wel-
fare and even safety of the western ^commerce. In
the same light we may regard the acquisition of
Florida And so, too, we may estimate both the
acquisitions end cessions of the Ashbnrton treaty.
I should be very loth, sir, to deny a power which
has been so obviously convenient and useful as this
has been m the case I have referred to. I dissent,
therefore, from even the high authority ofMr. Jeffer-
son in supposing such incidents were never contem-
plated.
So far, then, as precedent and universal acquies-
cence are ofva'ue, I agree that this question of ac-
quisition and cession of territoiy has been settled—
widely settled that the treaty-making power is suffi-
ciently compiehensive to authorize what has been
done. The Louisiana treaty acquired; the Florida
treaty both acquired and relinquished. The Ash-
burton treaty ('id the same thing. I agree that these
are the law of the land, and that they have become
setth d precedents. I wish that the gentlemen who
find so much virtue in these precedents now, could
bring their consciences to the same respect for pre-
cedents, much stronger than these, relating to other
jiowers <.f this government; or, at least, that they
would cease to reproach, and rather commend, the
whig party for their fidelity to the constitution and
its interpretations by authorities quite as respectable
as those now quoted.
These are cases of treaty. When occasions for
conquest or discovery sbjdl arise, doubtless we
shall find a consent on the part of the nation quite
as strong to form a precedent as that which now
sustains the treaty power.
I again recur to the point, that in whatever mod§
