300
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
Jan. 1845.
28th Cong.. ..2d Sess.
Annexation of Texas—Mr. Dromgoole,
as. Y/ho were they? A few Spaniards, settled
around their mission-houses, who never were assim-
ilated with the people of the United States; who
never asked, who never desired to be incorporated
with our Union; who never suspected or dreamed
that they were so. They, at least, believed that
Texas was not a part of Louisiana. If they had
fancied that the area of freedom had expanded to
their further confine, they would have fled from it
back to their old Spanish Mexican towns with the
same repugnance that an American settler would fly
from tne extension of the area of despotism. Such
was the population who only could have claimed the
guaranty under any view of it. There were besides,
it is true, other inhabitants, I suppose I must call
them. There were pirates, buccaneers, and disorder
ly spirits—loafers we call them now—roaming: ovc .•
Texac as of old. General Long fitted out an expe-
dition of some one or two hundred men, who went
there between the years I8l2and 1810, with a view
to conquer it. Conquer it from whom? From us, if
we had the title. I have seen it noticed in the pa-
pers of that time that Gov. Claiborne, of Louisiana,
had his hands full with these land pirates. They
recruited in New Orleans, and were often broken
up under the vagrant act. This man Long, m defi-
ance of our laws, carried his desperadoes into Texas;
associated himself with the famous pirate Lafitte;
gave him a commission as governor or intendant of
Galveston. He it was, with his lawless banditti,
who issued that declaration of independence at
Nacogdoches, which has been often quoted m this
debate. This was merely an impudent farce. Long
and his myrmidons were subsequently expelled, and
Lafitte and his pirates broken up. Sir, it is woithy
of remark, however, that in this manifesto of Long's
there is not the slightest allusion to any claim under
the guaranty of the treaty of 1803. Even he was
too shrewd to set up such $ claim. The guaranty
is the conception of 1843_ and belong to the era of
reannexation. Long knew nothing of it. His pre-
tension was, that 'kthe citizcns of Texas had long
indulged the hope that, m the adjustment of the
boundaries of the Spanish possessions in America
and the Ttmtories of the United States, they shoulu
be included in the limits of the latter." That this
flattering expectation "prevented any effectual effoit
to throw off the yoke of Spanish authority, though
it could not restrain some unavailing rebellions
against an odious tyranny." The treaty dissipated
this "illusion too fondly cherished." "They hnve
seen themselves, (he adds,) by a convention, to
which they were no party, literally abandoned to
the dominion of the Crown ofSpain, and left a prey,
not only to impositions already intolerable, but to
all those exactions which Spanish rapacity is so
fertile in devising." And thereupon, to show them-
selves worthy "of thekindied republics of the Amer-
ican continent," they resolved to be free. Very
pathetic and very heroical! But what does it prove5
First, that Texas was under Spanish dominion all
the time; and, second, not a word of the guaranty.
It was ,not the Spanish inhabitants who made this
manifesto: it was General Long and his army of
sixty or seventy men, picked up on the levee of New
Oileans, and associated'with Lafitte, Humbert, and
other buccaneers of the gulf—brethren of the coast,
as they-were called in Sir Henry Morgan's time.
Well, sir, these men were all expelled; all except
such as were eaten up by a cannibal race called the
Carrion Crow Indians. 1 have seen a letter pub-
lished from Long, which stated this catastrophe.
The truth is, Texas was without inhabitants, except
in a few hamlets. General Lallcmand describes it,
in 1818, os being nearly altogether uninhabited.
It cannot be pretended, Mr. Chairman, that t\e
emigrants to Texas since 1839 can claim the guar-
anty. They have gone there under another and
very different expectation; they, sir, are the men
who made the treaty of 1838 with us. Does not
that treaty fores fall all pretension of claim to re-an-
nexation'' Does it not settle the question of guar-
amy beyond all cavil? It leaves not an argument
for it.
Passing from this question, Mr. Chairman, 1 ask,
what inducement has Texas to seek annexation
with us? Is it that we may pay her debts, protect
her from invasion, regulate her commerce? The two
latter of these she is quite able to do for herself.
The first, not yet. It may not be long, however,
before she can compass this as well as the others.
• At all events, sir, she must know that it will pro-
duce great heart-burnmg in this country to see this
Union assume her debts. We of Maryland think
\ve have a better claim on the Union than Texas for,
H. of Reps.
at least, a portion of our debt. We believe the gov-
ernment rightfully owes us a large sum of money,
and we shall present our claim, I hope, before long.
There will be sad heart-burning amongst our people
if Texas is preferred to Maryland. So with many
other States. If I were a Texian I would not ask
it. I would not have your annexation. I would
resist it to the last extremity.
Texas wants independence. She wants peace.
But she ought not to want annexation. It is not her
policy, as I conceive, to sink her identity, her indivi-
duality, in the lap of this great overshadowing repub-
lic of ours. She has just started upon her career of na-
tional existence. She has sprung forth from the cradle
of a glorious infancy, and already won renown, by
her prowess in battle, no less than by the wisdom
with which she has conferred'upon her people a free
constitution, carefully adapted to the present and
future exigencies which may arise in her march
to prosperity and power. Left to herself, unim-
peded by any political dependence upon this
confederacy, her destiny is to become the predomi-
nant power of Central America. United with us,
she becomes only what wc may choose she shall
be. Sir, she is already—what some of her friends
seem to have lost sight of—a centre of freedom; and
it may be, quite as appropriately as ours, her task
to extend the area. Freedom is a matter of race,
and tribe, and kingdom, and its Hrea is extended by
the propagation of the species. Freedom will find
her votaries marching fast enough towards the Pa-
cific, whether they sally forth from one centre or
twenty; whether they march with the lone star or
with fifty stars upon -their banner. We need not
concern ourselves, in this generation at least, about
that. There is heritage enough in this hemisphere
for some ccnturies yet. Let Texas guard her own
destiny. The lone star has risen from a bloody
but prosperous field, and now shines afar, an ac-
knowledged light in the firmament of nations.
Give the land of that lone star peace; give her inde-
pendence; give her scope for her industry; give her
the repose necessary to recruit her strength; above
all, give her the sympathy due to a free republic
that has carved her way to the respect of mankind;
and you confer upon her a greater boon than you
can ever give her when you have sunk her yet un-
^ mastered sovereignty into a provincial representa-
tion upon this floor. She has but just now inscribed
her name upon the roll of nations; why should she
consent to extinguish her early domestic fire, to
kindle a paler flame upon even this great altar of
ours? Will she not lose in power, in consideration,
in renown, in all the means of influence she now
possesses, a hundred fold more than she can ever
gain from our querulous and reluctant assumption of
her debt, or from our unnecessary and useless pro-
tection? Sir, if 1 were a Texian, I would none
of it.
I am led to believe this desire of annexation is no
very ardent sentiment or genuine wish of hers.'
There is something, to my mind, derogatory in it;
something which does not comport with her proud
bearing when she breasted the charge of the Mexican
and sent him "bootless home and weather-beaten
back" beyond the Bravo. I am unwilling to hear
her decided for growing so soon tired of her honors
won so gallantly. She should not voluntarily ex-
pose herself to the jest conveyed in the epitaph upon
anew-born child—
Since so early I am done for,
I v. onder v liat I \\ begun for
No, sir; let her take this matter more to heart, and
hold new councils upon her destiny. Let. her con-
sider that- -wes the world a debt of fame, which
she must plight her own and her children's faith to
pay. She has begun m an outburst of enthusiasm
and done her work so far even better than infant
Rome. Let her continue to build up her republi-
can pyiamid until civilization and Christianity shall
gather their millions around its base, and a late pos-
terity shall delight in the sunshine that gilds its
sumrftit. That may be, sir, a monument worthy of
freedom, which we on this side of the Sabine should
neither envy nor fear.
Our policy in the mean time should be to assist
this enterprise as a friendly neighbor nation and
kindred people should assist—not by absorbing or
extinguishing her independence, but by encourag-
ing and applauding it. Sir, we should resolve, as
a fundamental measure on our side, to secure the
independence of Texas by all the aid we can give.
By expostulation, entreaty, mediation with Mexico.
We broke up the armistice and destroyed the pre-
liminaries which were fast leading to peace between
Texas and Mexico. We owe it to both of these
republics to restore that relation by offices of good
will. But for this quixotic President of ours, I believe
peace would this day prevail upon their borders, and,
with peace, independence. The war between them
is an unavailing war. It ought to be stopped. Even
by force, I am prepared to say, if necessary. I trust it
will not come to that. But I am ready to second any
temperate-expostulation of this government against
the war, and after that, if Mexico be unreasonable,
to go further. 1 believe all Christendom would second
us m this. We have a right to do it by the laws of
nations. Sir, it is my purpose, in accordance with
these views, at the right time to submit resolutions
to this House asserting the determination of this
government to command the peace between the bel-
ligerents, and to guaranty the perpetual independ-
ence of Texas against all powers on either conti-
nent. So far I am willing to go—no farther. Sir, I
think I know the temper and feeling of the whig
party on this point, and may pledge them to support
the measure.
Mr. Chairman, for the present 1 must draw to a
close. It was my purpose to discuss some other
most in teresting questions on this Texas subject;
but these remarks have already gone beyond the
reasonable limits of a speech. I designed to say
something on the inducements which are supposed
to lead us to desire annexation. I wished to speak
of the effect of this measure upon the South and
upon the North, holding it equally to be deprecated
by both. 1 particularly desired to speak of its ef-
fects upon my own State of Maryland, regarding
which I have much to say in the way of dissuasion
and dislike. The blow of annexation will fall with
deadliest weight upon Maryland' and Virginia. I
wished to speak of it, sir, in reference to its influence
upon the slave question, and especially to express
the grief with which I have seen that question,
which heretofore we would not "allow the winds of
heaven to handle too roughly," made the prominent
topic of a presidential canvass worse than this,
made the chief theme of our diplomatic correspond-
ence abroad; shll worse than all, made the topic of
an invocation by the chief minister of State m this
government to a European monarch, imploring his
inteiference in the concerns of this continent—the
first time, I believe, that an American statesman has
allowed himseif to seek alliances, where alliance is
always, sooner or later, bought at the expense of
national honor and independence. Sir, I have no
time for these topics, and must reserve them for
some future occasion.
SPEECH OF ME. DROMGOOLE,
OF VIRGINIA.
In the House of Representatives, January 24, 1845—
In Committee of the Whole on the state of the
Union, on the joint resolution for the annexation
of Texas to the United States.
Mr. DROMGOOLE commenced by remarking
that he had little hope, in addressing the committee,
of being able to add anything to the interest or nov-
elty of a subject which had been so long discussed.
It must have become, notwithstanding its vast and
exciting character, in some degree stale. The deep
attention heretofore justly bestowed on the style,
ability, and matter of debate, must naturally be
growing languid. Notwithstanding, however, that
the patience of the committee, and the topic of de-
bate, are alike exhausted, he still felt if to be a duty
which he owed his constituents, and from which he
ought not to shrink, to express his views before the
close of this discussion.' He addressed the com-
mittee, then, from a solemn sense of duty to thor--e
he represented, united, he confessed, to an anxious
wish to be properly understood in the judgment of
his countrymen.
It is usual (said Air. D.) to begin by announcing
the particular subjects which the speaker will dis-
cuss. I shall (said he) so far depart from this ac-
customed method as to announce what topics I shall
not discuss. I shall not discuss the treaty of 1803,
for the purpose of ascertaining the extent of our
territorial acquisitions thereby accomplished. I
shall not examine the provisions of the treaty of
1819, to learn what, if any, was the extent of ter-
ritory we thereby ceded or abandoned. No, sir,
the United States have acquiesced in these trea-
ties. Texas has been peopled by hardy, brave, and
enterprising emigrants fiom our own borders.
They have gallantly achieved theirown independence
—they have manfully maintained it—they have
successfully defended their territory and their
