Jan. 1845.
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
301
•28th Cong
.2d Sess.
Annexation, of Texas—Mr. Dromgoole.
H. of Reps.
homes. We have recognised their independence—
we have negotiated with them'as a free and sover-
eign republic. It does not become, us to revive any-
latent or dormant claim to the soil or the people.
If we ever had just claim to the territory inhabited
by these fearless, adventurers, (and that I shall not
question or debate,) if we did nut lawfully cede it by
the treaty of 1819. we have surely, long since, abso-
lutely abandoned it. By public ack -owledgment
and by treaty stipulations we have admitted that
Texas is rightfully held and independently governed
by its own proper citizens; and we are thus indubita-
bly estopped from reviving or reasserting any obsolete
title. I repeat, then, I will not go back to either of
those treaties; to derive argument, or evince research.
In my entire examination of the proposed measure
of uniting Texas to the United States, 1 must regard
the former as an independent and sovereign repub-
lic.
In reference to the constitutional power, on our
part, of accomplishing this great proposition, gentle-
men ■ -.ve adverted to the rules of construction ap-
plied to the cd>-e of the will mentioned m the humor-
ous Dean Swift's tale of a tub. I shall make no ad-
ditional commenUuy thereon, but beg leave to refer
gentlemen, who have manifested interest in this
will case, and who may desire to pursue their
investigations, to an entire essay written by a
distinguished statesman of Virginia. By turn-
ing to the seventeenth or last section of this
book, (holding it in his hand,) they will find
it, though consisting of several p^ges, wholly
devoted to an examination of the principles of con-
struction adopted in this will case. The book is
entitled "New Views of the Constitution," and is
fi om the pen of the celebrated John Taylor, of Caro-
line. From it, sir, they will readily perceive what
political party in the United States most resembles
the son m the latitudmous construction of his fa-
ther's Will.
Heretofore (said Mr. D.) the examination of gen-
eral principles has mainly engrossed the efforts of
the supporters of the measure, without such an ap-
plication of them as to indicate a decided preference
for any particular proposition. The rapidly ap-
proaching time when this debate must terminate,
when wo must by voting, and not by speaking,
come to some decision, cidhuuisiies us of the neces-
sity of bringing into eonihet ond comparison the dif-
ferent nit jeecr. picf-'cntcd by thr professed fnends of
annexation, in no oth^r mode can we reconcile
conflicting view.s, and harmonize the sincere elforts
of all anxious for the completion of this gnwt
scheme. 1 will Lc permitted, then, to say in the
outset, that I cannot, 1 will not, vote for die proposi-
tion hastily introduced from the Committee on For-
eign Allans. For myself, 1 icgaid it as the last, the
expiiing effort of this Tyler administration on the
Texas question. A treaty had been hastily and m-
consideuitely negotiated, as many believed, at a
time when wise, pruduit, eminent statesmen in this
country conoidcred that an unexpired armistice be-
tween Texas and Mexico presented difficulties in
our way which ought not to have been overlooked
or disregarded.
Tins treaty had been deliberately rejected by the
Senate, to w hom the power belonged, to ratify or
reject. It not only failed of confiimation for want
of the vote of two-thirds of that body, but was re-
jected by a majority. And now, t-fter this act of
rejection by the Senate m the exercise of their con-
stitutional power, and in discharge of a high duty,
an attempt is made here, in tins branch of the legis-
lature, to adopt or approve a defunct treaty, in toti-
dem veibis! An efibit is made, by mere act of legis-
lation by Congress, to revive and ratify a rejected
treaty' I would nor uid m the consummation of
any such scheme of disrespect. 1 could not vote,
foi the proposition, for want of constitutional power.
But apart from the peculiar objections to the plan
reported by the Committee on Foieign Affairs, there
is, in my humble judgment, an insuperable impedi-
ment to the acquisition of territorial possessions by
legislative act. As a mere territory to belong to the
United States, the annexation of Texas is beyond
the limits of the pov/eis confided to the legislative
department of the federal government. The power
ot acquiring foreign territory for the United States,
I do not mean to question. That such a power does
belong and rightfully belong to the United States, I
firmly believe. The righ' of acquiring territorial
possessions confessedly belongs to sovereign and
independent States, Had each State remained sep-
&mtc, aad without forming this intm'iato umoB, each
pu$hl feHYG $TOffcW it-t Ut'Uiil \imii Each
divested itself of the separate exercise of this attribute j
of sovereignty. It is by compact and agreement to |
be exercised by all jointly, through the agency of their
common government. It has been transferred by
the States to the federal government, to be exercised
in behalf of the whole Union. The proposition
maintained by me is, that it is to be -exercised
through the treaty-making power. The acquisition
of territory by one government from another is j
necessarily an international transaction. It implies
proposals, terms, conditions; it requires conference
and "onsultation; intercourse between the parties is
indispensable to the conclusion of their agreement—
to their stipulations as to the lands to be ceded by
the one, and the equivalents to be paid by the other.
Is it not, therefore, in its very nature the subject of
negotiation and treaty?"" I will not pursue this argu-
ment more elaborately—thp principle has been set-
tled in this country. But, in my researches, (said
Mr. D.,) I have found an argument i '-vor of the
doctrine now maintained, admirably and conclusive-
ly urged by a gentleman now on this floor—the
venerable gentleman from Massachusetts, [Mr. Ad-
ams,]—in a communication made many years a°;o
to your own constituents, Mr. Cliairman, (Mr.
Hupkins of Virginia being in the cha:i,) as far back
as the year 1823, and which may be found publish-
ed m the columns of the Richmond Enquirer. That
gentleman had been attacked politically, and accused,
unjustly accused, of being opposed to the acquisi-
tion of Louisiana, and to the ratification of Mr.
Jefferson's treaty for that purpose. The vote of
that gentleman m the Senate of the United States, to
ratify the treaty, and to appropriate the requisite
amount of money to pay the stipulated price, dis-
proved the charge. The admirable and conclusive
argument of the gentleman in favor of the treaty-
making power was so much better than anything he
could expiess, that he begged it might be read at
the Clerk's table, as he had caused it to be trans-
cribed:
Extract from a letter of John Q,. Jldams to the freehold'
ers of Washington, Wythe, Grayson, Russell, Taze-
well, Lee, and Scott coxcnties, Virginia*
•'Ci-cn Sid) th hcis, therefore, dune me gredt injustice in
draw uig liom these votes the conclusion that 1 \vo<= govern-
ed in giving them eithei by principles of faction or by hos-
til.r> to Loiwann. it is well know n to all those w ith whom
I ac od <>t the tune, us well thos-e who^e vote® concurred
w ;'h mine as those who sanctioned by their votes these as-
of constructive powers that r.13 voice and opin-
ions as re i-s i wok ol the acqimi'ion oi Louisiana, and ot
the ral.ifiC.mon of the tieatj b\ \\ Inch it w js acquh ed The
jiower c -•!\i\f. i tku it • ih, by the constitution, given to
the 'i'u^i'ient," with the con<Mirn nee ot two thirds of the
l>en,itoiV piescnt upon the question ioi their adwee and
eon-tent, w 11 hoi rLiMinimv ltr\tend„to whatever can
loini the subject of nn between sovereign and inde-
pendent nations. Of the power to make the treaty, there-
ioie, 1 had no doubt, as bavins; been granted by the consti-
tution i)ut the power to make a treaty and the power to
citj y it into execution, are, by the organization oi our gov-
ernment not the faille. The former is merely a tiansaction
vs ith a foreign nation To have limited that would have
been to limit the power of the nation itself in its relations
ol intercourse with other States, it would have been an
obdic.if ion by the nation itself of some of the povvei >> .ipper-
tnn? to sovereignty, and haveplaced it cn a footing* of ine-
quality w ith other sovereigns. But the latter—the power
to cany a fieaty mto execution—imports the rxeicise of
the internal powers of government, and was vubjoct to all
the limitations p'efscribed by the constitution to the exer-
cise ot tbo--e poweis In the very message by which Presi-
dent Jeii'ei.on comnnuneaied this treaty to Congress, after
its rnti'icolions had been exchanged, he said: 'i'ouwil! ob-
serve that f-ome important conditions t.envoi be tcmif-d into
eztiutionhni with the aid of the legislature.' Ibis is a
circumstance common to man) tieaties and has fiequenth
£i\en occasion to debates m the Fouse of Representatives-
how far tnev urebound to sanction, m their legislative ca-
pacity, stipuhtions with foieign nations, solemnly nuJde and
latihed by the treaty-making pow-n* '*
It is no longer controverted, h is admitted that
the power of making treaties with foreign nations,
and with Indian tribes, embraces within its meaning i
and extent of operation the acquirement, from those
nations or tribes, of territoiy by cession, without
reference directly to the object or purpose of ac-
quiring it. It is not claimed as an incident to the
treaty-making power, as necessaxy to the exercise
of that power. It is part and parcel of the mean-
ing and purpose of the power. The treaty-making
power operates dittcfhjupon the subject matter—
embraces it, includes it immediately; and does nor,
draw it incidentally within its sphere. It is a great
primary power of government, exercised (when
necessary) m its intercourse with the governments
of other nations; and has been confided, and proper-
ly confided, to the President, upon the conditions and
qualifications prescribed in the constitution.
h ?/il! ba r-ercehed then, Mr. Chaimmn* (said
-Mf. D-J nwifdrnruiCi- fhi; posifonfc
which I have taken, I differ from such of my friends
as contend that the acquisition of territory may be
effected by the exercise of legislative power. It is
not, I admit, contended by them that it is a direct
and expressly granied power. No, sir, none mam-
tain this. In looking through all the legislative
power granted in the constitution, and vested in
Congress, we are unable to discover this. The
powers of Congress are expressly enumerated. This
is not embraced in the enumeration. Is it neces-
sary and proper to the execution of any granted
power? There is not, in my deliberate opinion, a
single granted power which may not be fully and
completely executed, without drawing to itself inci-
dentally, ui by taking implication, this adjunct pow-
er of procuring, by compact or agreement, foreign
territory.
It is claimed by some of my friends as an inci-
dent to the power of Congress to admit new States
intj this Union. If the power to acquire foreign
territory were incident to the admission of new
States into the Union, it must be incident continual-
ly—always necessary to its execution. But this is
not so; for the power to admit new States may be
exercised wghout necessarily involving the prelimi-
nary or contemporaneous acquisition of foreign ter-
ritory by Congress. The admission of new States
into the Union implies application for admission, or
certainly willingness and consent to be admitted.
The expectation of such future event might well
constitute a portion of the reason or policy for pur-
chasing territory inhabited by a kindred people,
with habits congenial with our own, and possessing,
in common with us, a love of republican govern-
ment. But to purchase territory, even with such
hope and expectation, could scarcely with propiiety
be termed an incident to the power of admitting
States. It is curious that a future expected event,
extremely probable, it is admitted, and yet contin-
gent, should be claimed as the incident or concomi-
tant of the present exercise of a power. It is con-
founding the reason or inducement to do an act with
the incidents essential to its peiformance.
But territory may be acquired, it is supposed, for
other lawful and constitutional purposes, and having
no inhabitants. We have seen that the treaty-ma-
king power is broad, general, and comprehensive, as
to the acquisition of territory for every conceivable
purpose admissible under our government. If, then,
it embraces all purposes, and is u lvcrsally conceded
to belong to the executive, can it be, consistently
with any fair principles of construction, attached in-
cidentally to the legislative department for one par-
ticular purpose? Consistently with oar doctrines of
the division of powers and duties among different
departments, and of tho necessity of keeping them
separate and distinct, so that neither exercise the
powers properly belonging to another, how can we
seize upon the expressly granted power of one de-
paitment and transfer it by implication to another?
It seems to me, therefore, sir, that the true con-
clusion is that the power to admit new Stales is one
power—a distinct and substantive power;the execu-
tion of which is confided to Congress; that the pow-
er of tcqiiirin£ lenitory,for the United States, is a
separate and distinct power, to be exeicised by the
Pi evident by and with the advice and consent of the
Senate, in the usual mode of treaty stipulation, with
a foreign power or an Indian tribe. The two ope-
rations are totally distinct, not, only in the manner
of performance, but 111 their effects and conse-
quences. The admission of a State is the introduc-
tion of a separate, organized political community
into the confederacy upon equal terms, and with the
same rights, as the original parties to this Union.
.Not so with acquired territory; it is a possession of
the United Slaves, but not a member of this Union.
And Congress has power to dispose of, and make all
r eedful rules and regulations respecting, the tcrrito-
ty or other property belonging to the United States.
Territory is purchased; a State is admitted—suffered to
enter.
With such views of the division of constitutional
power among different departments, in ^ common
with many friends, I stand uncompromisingly op-
posed to all the propositions for the territorial an-
nexation of Texas to the United States by act of
Congrers.
Before proceeding further, however, in disclosing
my views, I will be pardoned for remarking to my
friends who have so earnestly exerted themselves to
prove that the acquirement of territorial possessions
12 incident to the power of admitting States, that, if
tho positicn were granted, it would n««t follow ui -
ftoit the incidental puwer \w~
