302
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
Jan. 1845.
28th Cong 2d Sess.
•Annexation of Texas—Mr. Dromgoole.
H. of Reps.
the game hands with the principal power by the con-
stitution. As a general rule, the principal carries the
incident with it, to be performed by the same de-
partment. Congress has power to raise and sup-
port armies. This would seem necessarily to imply
the appointment of officers; the appointment of offi-
cers is incident to raising an army; and the depart-
ment charged with raising the army would natural-
ly and necessarily have the power of officering it;
but that the constitution has otherwise ordered and
directed. And although the power of admitting
new States is confided to Congress, yet the acquire-
ment of territory for that very purpose, were it in-
cidental, mi^ht well have been confided elsewhere
by the constitution.
In reference to the republic of Texas, (said Mr.
D.,) I candidly confess that I perceive much diffi-
culty, perplexity, and delay in its entire territorial
annexation to tne United States, through the agency
of the treaty-making power. In instances where
the sovereign power cedes only a portion of its do-
main, the difficulties and embarrassments do not
arise, which present themselves to my mind m this
particular case. The argument which I have en-
deavored to submit heretofore, Mr. Chairman, con-
cerning the acquisition or annexation territory,
(for annexation is but the acquisition of adjoining
territory,) by treaty stipulation, has proceeded upon
the hypothesis that the State or nation making the
cession survived the operation, and continued to ex-
ist as a party. Should Texas entire be acquired or
annexed, and governed as territory of the United
States, the separate existence of an independent and
responsible political community is destroyed.
Texas will no longer exist as a State or republic
to which application may be made for the
payment of debts, and for the fulfilment of all
contracts and engagements. The distinct existence
of a responsible government is destroyed, and the
entire country of Texas is reduced to the condition
of a dependent Territory. If it be practicable, thus,
by treaty-stipulation on the part of the existing gov-
ernment, to abolish the civil institutions of the coun-
try, and make it, by merger, the mere territory of
the United States, subject to all needful rules and
regulations respecting it, which Congress, in the ex-
ercise of a discretionary power, may make, would
not, in that event, all the debts, liabilities, and con-
tracts which Texas had created, devolve upon the
United States? The obligations of the superseded
government ought surely to devolve on the State or
nation whose government and authority are substi-
tuted. This liability results from general principles
of public law, from equity and justicc to the credit-
ors, and cannot be abrogated, impaired, or diminish-
ed without their consent. Any pretended stipula-
tion, therefore, to charge the United States with a
less certain sum than the whole amount due the cred-
itors, would be unjust, iniquitous, and fraudulent—
would be repudiation by contrivance.
It cannot and ought not to be disguised that in
this mode of acquiring the whole territory and su-
perseding the existing government, there are no in-
considerable obstacles and complicated difficulties,
besides questions of doubtful constitutional power.
I will not press these matters longer on the com-
mittee, or detain them with recounting the unavoid-
able delay of opening fresh negotiations between
our government and that of Texas, or the improba-
bility of obtaining the ratification of any new treaty.
I have adverted to these topics, that our mmds might
see and appreciate the difficulties and dangers, that
we might, perhaps, prudently avoid encountering
them unnecessarily, by resorting to som^ other
mode less difficult, less liable to doubt, more expe-
ditious, more practicable, and more efficacious in the
accomplishment of our great and noble purpose of
uniting Texas to the United States.
I come now to the inquiry, (said Mr. D.)—the
important inquiry—can Tex^s be admitted as a new
State into this Union* Does the republic of Texas,
being willing to enter, present a case to which we
may properly, and in sincere faith, apply that plain
provision of the constitution of the United States to
be found in article 4, section 3: "New States may
be admitted by the Congress into this Union?" It
was well remarked, in substance, by my worthy
and respected colleague, [Mr. Bayly,] in the coursc
of his observations, the other day, on this subject,
that all the provisions and expressions of the con-
stitution must be critically examined, in order to ar-
rive at their true intent and meaning. Not only is
it necessary to study the just import of the words
used, but the grammatical construction of the sen-
tences must be accurately understood,
Let us proceed to a critical analysis of the parts
of the short paragraph quoted. Into what are ?tew
States to be admitted? "This Union." And what
is "this Union"—how came it into existence? The
question is answered by article 7 of the constitu-
tion: "The ratification of the conventions of nine
States shall be sufficient for the establishment of this
constitution between the States so ratifying the
same." "This Union" was therefore formed origi-
nally by the establishment of this constitution be-
tween thirteen independent States. Into this Union,
new States may be admitted. So far, it is a general,
unrestricted provision for the admission of new
States; and nothing yet appears to confine Con-
gress, in the exercise of this power, to the acknowl-
edged limits of the United States as they existed at
the formation and adoption of the constitution. It
must be admitted—it does not allow controversy—
that, if the paragraph stopped entirely at the end of
the quotation, Congress might, ad libitum, admit
new States without reference to the fact whether
formed within or without the limits defined by trea-
ty. The wisdom, discretion, and patriotism of
Congress would be their guides in executing a trust
given to them without terms of limitation.
Is there to be found, then, in the residue of the
sentence, of which the first paragraph has been
quoted, any expression to restrain or limit the pow-
er? It is m these words: "but no new State shall
be formed or erected within the jurisdiction of any
other State; nor any State be formed by the junction
of two or more States, or parts of States, without
the consent of the legislature of the States concerned
as well as of the Congress." It will be perceived
that the residue of the sentence is disjunctively con-
nected with the first part, by the conjunction "but."
It is readily granted that it means not only some-
thing more on the same subject of admitting new
States; it intends also that what follows this prefix,
stands in opposition to whrt goes before it. It
should, therefore, be fairly interpreted; and the full
extent of its opposition to the first part allowed. All
the qualification and all the restraint should be readi-
ly conceded which is thereby imposed on a power
and authority otherwise unrestrained and unquali-
fied. What, then, is the qualification or restraint
imposed? It is evidently designed to protect the
rights and jurisdiction of the existing States of the
Union at all times. An existing member of the
Union is preserved from division and from loss of
territory and jurisdiction by the formation of a new
State within the same. Nor can existing members
be merged or swallowed up by consolidating two or
more, or parts of them, into a single State. Except,
then, in reference to attempts or applications to
make new States out of States already in the Union,
the latter part of the sentence leaves, undiminished,
the discretionary power. The conclusion from the
whole examination of the sentence is, that the con-
sent of Congress alone is sufficient for the admis-
sion of new States, except the new State is proposed
to be formed or erected within the jurisdiction of
some other State, or to be formed by the junction of
two or more States, or parts of States; then the
Congress may not consent to admit the new State
without the consent of the legislature of the States
concerned.
It is fair, Mr. Chairman, to refer to contempora-
neous history for an elucidation of the provisions of
the constitution, and to derive strength in support of
our interpretation, from a knowledge of the circum-
stances and difficulties which, had embarrassed the
confederacy, and for which it was purposed to pro-
vide a remedy. Not only was the confederacy per-
plexed with the case of Vermont, which Mr. Madi-
son called a "thorny question," and whose inhabit-
ants he styled "enterprising adventurers," but other
efforts had been made to form new States,
and gain admission into the confederacy. It was
apprehended that the western inhabitants would
nse up and form new States, endeavor to treat, and
offer to form alliances with our enemies, and play
the part of Vermont on a larger scale.
The western part of Pennsylvania—that region
of which this arch State, as she has been termed
here on a former occasion, somehow contrived to
deprive Virginia, (although the latter had the better
title,)—had risen op and asked to be admitted as a
State. The district of Kentucky, then within the
jurisdiction of Virginia, had applied for admission.
The western part of North Carolina, since formed
into Tennessee, had organized itself into a State
called "Frankland," and had asked to be admitted
also. The latter part of the clause, qualifying the
first oart in relation to the admission of new States,
was suggested to the framers of the constitution by
the difficulties to which I have briefly referred,
which had, in the midst of war, endangered the
peace and harmony of the States. But the general
and discretionary power of admission was intended to
supply a defect on this subject, and to meet all cases
of application, certainly ail cases adjacent and Con-
tiguous. The framers of the constitution, and the origi-
nal States which formed "this Union," contemplated
its enlargement, and made provision therefor. It is
a historical fact that provision was made during the
first union, by Congress, for the admission of Canada
and other colonies; and that the provision in the
constitution is designed to supply a defect in this
particular, and to enlarge and disencumber the power
of admission. I respectfully ask the attention of
the committee to the following commentary on this
clause of the constitution, found in the 43d number
of the Federalist, and written by James Madison,
who had largely participated in the formation of that
instrument:
"In the articles of confederation, no provision is found oil
this important subject. Canada was to be admitted of right,
on her joining in the measures of the United States; and
the other colonies, by which were evidently meant the
other British colonies, at the discretion of nine States. The
eventual establishment of new States seems to have been
overlooked by the compilers? of that instrument. We have
seen the inconvenience of this omission, and the" assump-
tion of power into which Congress have been ied by it.
With great propriety, theiefuie, has the new system sup-
plied the defect. The general precaution that no new States
shain>e formed, without the concurrence of the federal au-
thority, and that of the States concerned, is consonant to
the principles which ought to govern such transactions.
The particular precaution against the erection of new
States, by the partition of a State without its consent, quiets
the jealousy of the larger States; as that of the smaller is
quieted by a like precaution, against a junction of States
without their consent.-'
We have shown that from the plain letter of the
constitution, and a fair interpretation of its meaning,
the constitutional power exists to admit a foreign
State into this Union—that contemporaneous his-
tory explains and fortifies this construction—that
the commentary of the Federalist leaves no doubt
of the meaning and purpose of the provision. And
this part of the subject I may be allowed appropri-
ately to close by the introduction of the following
extract of a letter from that able, virtuous, and dis-
tinguished statesman, Martin Van Buren, to a gen-
tleman on this floor from Mississippi, [Mr. Ham-
mrtt:]
"The matter, therefore, stands as it would do if the con*
stitution said, 'new States may be admitted by the Congress
into this Union,' without addition or restriction That these
words, taken by themselves, are broad enough to author-
ize the admission of the territory of Texas, cannot, I think,
be well doubted; nor do I perceive upon what principle we
can set up limitations to a power so unqualifiedly recog-
nised by the constitution in the plain simple words I have
quoted, and with which no other provision of that mstru*
merit conflicts m the slightest degree.
"The practicability, as well as expediency, of making
Canada a member of Union, did certainly, to some extent at
least, occupy the minds of our public men. as well before
the close of the involution as between that event and tho
formation of the new constitution. This is, however, only
a link in the chain of evidence to make probable what sub-
sequent events make cer:ain, that the framers of the con-
stitution had their eyes upon this veiy question, when this
section was finally settled. That part of the constitution,
as appears by the journal ofthe proceedings of the conven-
tion, was presented in a variety of forms before it assumed
tha shape m which it w as finally adopted.
"These proceedings show that the proposition to restrict
the power to admit new States to the temtoiy within th©
origmallimits of tho United States, was distinctly before the
convention, once adopted by it, and finally rejected in
favor of a clause making the power in this respect general.
Whatever differences of opinion may exist as to the pro-
priety of referring to extraneous matter vto influence tho
construction of the constitution where its language is ex-
plicit, there can certainly be no objections to a resort to
such aids to test the correctness of inferences, having no
otner basis than supposed improbabilities. I have not,
therefore, been able to bring my mind to any othersatis*
factory conclusion than that it v. as the intention of the
convention to give the power of admitting newStatesto
Congress, w ith no other limitations than those which are
specified in that instrument
"The language employe'!, the specification of certain re-
strictions, the adoption and subsequent exclusion of that
which is now referred to, together with the subsequent and
continued action of the ne\v government, all seem to com-
bine to render this interpretation of the constitution the
true one."
New States are to be admitted into this union of
States "by the Congress." Instead of confiding the
admission of new States to the Congress, it might
have been reserved to the States, and referred to the
assent of the legislatures. If, in general and unlim-
ited terms, it had been agreed thatiiew States might
join the confederacy upon the assent of the several
legislatures, would any one doubt that, under such
a provision, the republic of Texas might join the
confederacy as a new State, with the assent of the
