Jan. 18dS.
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
28th Cong 2d Sess.
•Annexation of Texas—Mr. Dromgoole.
H. of Reps.
providing, Mr. Chairman, I have consulted the ear-
lier, safer, and better precedents. In the case of
Vermont, to which I have already referred for
another purpose, it will be remarked that the act
was approved on February 18,1791, admitting Ver-
mont by the name and style of "the State of Ver-
mont" as a new and entire member of the United
States of America, on the fourth day of March, one
thousand seven hundred and ninety-one.
An act was approved on the 4th February, 1791,
entitled—
"An act declaring the consent of Congress that a new
State be formed within the jurisdiction of the Common-
wealth ofVirginia, and admitted into this Union, by the
name of the State ot Kentucky."
This act admits Kentucky on the 1st day of June,
1792. As the act is short, and as it and the Ver-
mont act form the precedents which I have pursued, it
shall be inserted ^entire. See Laws U. S., vol. 2,
page 191:
"Whereas the legislature of the Commonwealth of Vir-
ginia, by an act, entitled 'An act concerning the erection of
the district of Kentucky into an independent State,' passed
the eighteenth day ol December, one thousand seven hun-
drep and eighty-nine, have consented that the district of
Kentucky, within the jurisdiction of the said Common-
wealth, and according to its actual boundaries at the time of
passing the act aforesaid, bhould be formed into a new
State: and whereas a convention of delegates, chosen by
the people of the said district of Kentucky, have petitioned
Congress to consent that, on the first day ot June, one
thousand seven hundred and ninety-two, the said district
should be formed into a new State, and received into the
Union, by the name of 'the State of Kentucky:'
"Sec. 1. Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Rep-
resentatives of the Untied States of Jlrneiica in Congitss
assembled, and it is hereby enacted and declared, That the
Congress doth consent that the said district of Kentucky,
within the jurisdiction of the Commonwealth of Virginia,
and according to its actual boundaries on the eighteenth
day of December, one thousand seven hundred ana eighty-
nine, shall, upon the first day of June, onu thousand seven
hundred and ninety-two, be formed into a new State, sepa-
rate from, and independent of, the said Commonwealth of
Virginia.
"Sec. 2 *find be it further enacted, That, upon the afore-
said first day of June, one thousand ■seven hundred and nine-
two, the said new State, by the name and style of the State
of Kentucky, shall be received and admitted into this Union
as a new and entire member of the United States of Ameri-
ca." [Approved, Feb. 4,1791.
It will thus be perceived that my plan strictly pur-
sues the two first precedents for the admission of
new States; and it ought, moreover, to be remem-
bered that they occurred during the first Congress
under the present constitution, and are the first in-
stances of the exercise of the power.
By some, however, it is deemed proper, nay, ne-
cessary, that the new State should present itself to
the next Congress, subject its constitution to critical
inspection, and await a final decision on the question
of admission.
This idea originates in an eironeous conception of
that provision in the constitution which secures to
each State a guarantee of its republican form of gov-
ernment. If the mere Congress had to guaranty to
each State its republican form of government, still
it would confer on that body no rightful authority
to supervise or superintend its formation. The very
idea that the exercise of this ?reat inherent right of
the people may be constrained, is inconsistent with
its existence. The formation of a republican gov-
ernment is impracticable if submitted to the control,
abridgment, or dictation of some other authority
than that of the people providing for their own self-
government- The requisition on the part of Con-
gress to have the constitution submitted for inspec-
tion, implies the right to reject, alter, modify, or
dictate provisions. It springs from a spirit of en-
croachment, and is an infringement on popular sov-
ereignty. The guarantee extends or applies to
something m existence. The republican form of
government first comes into existence from the cre-
ating hand of the people, and then there is that to
which a guarantee may apply. And the same cre-
ating power may change, alter, or abolish, and sub-
stitute another republican form in its stead, and still
the guarantee applies without submitting the new
form to the criticism of Congress Besides, then,
the spirit of encroachment upon the right of self-
government, which is apparent, there are superadded
to it both folly and absurdity. For, if any obnox-
ious provision should be omitted, to avoid the cen-
sure of Congress and secure a vote of admission,
soon thereafter the people of the State might, by
amendment, introduce it into the constitution with-
out fear of consequences from Congress. That
body could neither issue nor enforce a mandamus to
bring up the new constitution for examination. Nor
could Congress expunge the hateful provision, nor
1.20 )
expel the offending State. What a, farce, then, for
Congress to be inspecting a State constitution? How
idle and unnecessary to postpone admission, then,
from one session to another, merely to look at the
constitution.
Many who have supposed it necessary to have
the constitution inspected, and innocently believed
that Congress could decide whether or not it was re-
publican, have hastily, and without adverting to
the precise language of the constitution, supposed it
was enjoined on the Congress to guaranty to each
State a republican form of government. After cor-
recting this error by an exact quotation of the clause
in question, I will dismiss this particular topic by
the addition of some observations from my two
treat masters in constitutional construction, James
ladison, and John Taylor, of Caroline.
"Art. 4, Sec. 4. The United States shall guaranty to
every State in this Union a republican form of government,
and shall protect each of them against invasion."
A quotation from "New Views of the Constitu-
tion," by John Taylor, of Caroline, will be first in-
troduced, beginning at page 226.
' 'The guarantee of a republican form of government by all
the States to each State, has also been supposed to confer
some indistinct and unlimited national supremacy upon the
federal government: but this guarantee itself aftords argu-
ments subversive of the inference. It expresses a particular
duty, and cannot, therefore, convey powers, especially such
as would defeat the end it expresses. It was intended to se-
cure the independence of each State, and not to subject
each to a majority of all. Like a mutual territorial guarantee
between several kingdoms, it imposes an obligation,
does not mveat the parties to the guarantee with a power of
diminishing the territory, or other rights of one kingdom.
The woid republican includes a right in the people of each
State to form their own government; and reserves whatever
other rights may be necessary to the exorcise of this cardi-
nal right. The right ol' the people m each State to create,
and to influence their government, is the essential principle
of a republican form of government, and, therefore, the
guarantee could not have been intended as a means for de-
stroying the esscnce of a republican form of government,
by subjecting the people of every State to the arbitrary will
of a federal majority, or to a majority of the Supreme Court.
The word republican includes both the rights of the States
and those of the people. The States united to preserve
their republican equality among themselves, and also the in-
vidual republican rights of the people.
"Can i^)e a question what these are, when it is considered
that the ^ople of each State created a government; that
conventions of each State ratified the constitution framed
by a convention of States; and that this cohsritution can on-
ly be amended by States ? These acts define the meaning of
the word republican, in respect both to the people and the
States; hut all these definitions would be defeated, if the
guarantee can be made to invest the federal government, or
the federal court, with a supremacy over these State and
popular rights, necessary to create' and maintain a republi-
can form of government. Self-government is its end; and
this can only he effected by a complete capacity in the peo-
ple, through the instrumentality of election, both to form
and to influence a government; but a supremacy over this
capacity destroys that without which the species of re-
publican government intended by the constitution cannot
exist. How can the States, or the people of the States, be
said to possess the right of self-government, it either the
forms of State governments, or the reserved local powers,
are subjected to a supremacy constituting no portion of the
people of the States, nor exposed to their control7 When
the right of self-government is superseded, no republican
rights will remain; because all proceed from it. and the
guarantee would have no republican form of government to
secure."
The following quotation from the Federalist is
part of the 43d number, heretofore referred to:
"In a confederacy founded on republican principles, and
composed ot republican members, the superintending gov-
ernment ought clearly to posse*!? authority to defend the
system against aristocratic or monarchical innovation?.
The more intimate the nature of such a union may be, the
greater interest have the members in the political institu-
tions of each other; and the greater right to insist that the
forms of government under which the compact was entered
into, should be substantially maintained
"But a right implies a remedy ; and where else could the
remedy be deposited, than where it is deposited by the con-
stitution9 Guvernment-. of dissimilar principles and forms
have been found less adapted to a federal coalition of any
sort than those of a kindred nature 'As the confedei ate re-
public of Germany,' says Montesquieu, 'consists of free
cities and petty States, subject to different princes, expe-
rience shows us that it is more imperfect than that of Hol-
land and Switzerland *
"'Gieece was undone,' he adds, 'as soon as the king of
Macedon obtained a seat among the Amphyctions.' In the
latter case no doubt, the disproportionate force, as well as
the monarchical form of the new confederate, had its share
of influence on the events.
"It may possibly be asked what need there could be of such
a precaution, and whether it may not become a pretext for
alterations in the State governments without the concur-
rence of the States themselves These questions admit of
ready answers If the interposition of the general govern-
ment should not be needed, the provision for «snch an event
will be a harmless superfluity onh in the constitution.
"But who can say what experiments may be producer! by
the caprice of particular States, by the ambition of enter-
prising leaders, or by the intrigues and influence of foreign
powers'' To the second question it niaj be answered, that
if the general government should interpose by virtue of
this constitutional authority, it wijl be of course bound to
pursue the authority. But the authority extends no farther
than to a guarantee of a republican form of government,
which supposes a «re-eaisting government of the form which
is to be guarantied. As long, therefore, as the existing re-
publican forms are continued by the States, they are guar-
antied by the federal constitution. Whenever the Sttftes
may choose to substitute other republican forms, they have
a right to do so, and to claim the federal guarantee for the
latter. The only restriction imposed on them is, that they
shall not exchange republican for anti-republican constitu-
tions; a restriction which, it is presumed, will hardly be
considered as a grievance."
And as I prefer the earlier and safer precedents,
it may be observed that, in the two cases of "Ver-
mont and Kentucky, there was no preliminary or
conditional act of Congress requiring the produc-
tion of their constitutions. To which may be ad-
ded the precedent in the ease of Tennessee; and as
that act is also short, it will be introduced entire.
"Chap. 341. [xLvn.j An act for the admission of the State of
Tennessee into the Union. r •
"Whereas, by the acceptance of the deed of cessio'n of
the State of No^th Carolina, Congress are bound to lay out,
into one or more States, the territory thereby ceded to the
United States:
•'Sec. 1. Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Represent-
atives of the United States of America in Congress assem-
bled, That the whole of the territory ceded to the United
States by the State of North Carolina shall be one State,
and the same is hereby declared to be one of the United
States of America, on an equal footing with the original
States, in all respects whatever, by the name and title of the
State of Tennessee; that, until the next general census, th«
said State of Tennessee shall be entitled to one representa-
tive in the House of Representatives of the United States;
and, m all other respects, as far as they may be applicable,
the laws of the United States shall extend to, and have force
in, the State of Tennessee, in the same manner as if that
State bad originally been one of the United States."
[Approved, June 1, 1796.]
Why, then, delay definite action on the question
of admission until the next session? "Why keep the
question open to be brought up here at the begin-
ning of the next Congress, when we may have
again a protracted debate, connected with a critical
examination of the constitution of the new State by
Congress? I wish it to be particularly noted, that
the proposition submitted by myself, and greatly
preferred, differs from all the others for the admis-
sion of Texas in several important and essential
particulars. It is conclusive for the admission of
Texas as a new State at an early day certain. ^
It provides that the new State shall adjoin ex-
isting States of this Union, shall be embraced in
definite boundaries, and not exceed a maximum area,
(say seventy thousand square miles,) equal to the ter-
ritorial limits of the largest State.
It avoids the assumption of the power to inspect,
revise, and dictate the provisions of a State consti-
tution.
It is not incumbered with complicated provisions
about future States and cessions of territory. Texas
once admitted into this Union, and an agreement
concerning her residuary territory may be readily
and satisfactorily adjusted.
It contains no provision for cessions, with or with-
out compensation, within the new State. Texas
once admitted, the powers of the constitution are am-
ple for the settlement of cessions of places for pub-
lic purposes, and for the transfer of property.
I wish it to be observed and remembered that my
plan conforms precisely to the precedents in the cases
of Kentucky, Vermont, and Tennessee.
It is a plain, disencumbered admission of anew
State, fixing the number of representatives, and ex-
tending the laws of the United States over it and its
territories.
True it is, also, that no reference is made to any
existing; debts against the republic of Texas, or to
any which may be due to it. The subject of debts,
contracts, and obligations, is left unaffected by the
act of admission. The debts of the people of Texas,
contracted by the existing government, will continue
in full force notwithstanding a modification of the
organic law, and notwithstanding the union formed
with these States. Texas continues to exist as an
independent political community; and admission
neither relieves that community or State from its ob-
ligations, nor imposes them on the United States.
Not do the United States in any way directly or im-
pliedly becomc responsible for the previous or sub-
sequent debts of the State. AI contracts and lia-
bilities will remain in full force. No right of any
creditor will be postponed, impaired or defeated.
On the contrary, it seems appaient that the new
Slate will be in a more favorable condition to apply
li'ev resources to the payment of her creditors and
the improvement of her internal condition. As one
of the United States, Texas will be relieved from
the heavy expense of separately supporting a stand-
