306
APPENDIX TO THE C ON ORE SSl ON A L GLOBE.
Jan. 1845.
•28th Cong.... 2d Sess.
Annexation of Texas—Mr, Dromgoole.
H. of Reps.
ing army, and maintaining a navy. Embraced in
the common defence of the whole Union, wisely
committed to the federal government, with assure^
protection in all emergencies, with a rapid increase
of population and rapid augmentation of wealth, the
new State will soon fulfil all its engagements, will
preserve the public credit, will grow strong in public
confidence, and advance rapidly, from its situation,
in agricultural and commercial prosperity. The
admission of' Texas, with all the consequent advan-
tages, will operate eventually to the benefit, rather
than the injury, of creditors; and in no view of the
question will the act create any liability on the part
of the United States, which would not be incurred
in the admission of any other State into this Union.
The new State can best ascertain and settle her
debts; can best do both justice to herself and to the
creditors.
But an argument against the admission of Texas
as a new State, commencing with the gentleman
from Maryland, [Mr. Kennedy,] and most emphat-
ically reiterated by the gentleman from Kentucky,
[Mr. Dams] is founded in the bold assertion that
Texas being a foreign State, if admitted into this
Union, will have no citizen who can constitutionally
be a representative or a senator; that there will be
in the new State no citizens u-ho have been seven or
nine years citizens of Ike Untied States, although in-
habitants of the new State m which they shall be
chosen.
(See constitution of the United States, article 1st,
sec. 2 and 3.)
I believe that the position of those affirming the
validity of this objection is fairly stated. I certainly
have no wish to mistake or evade it. I will not deny
that it is an objection, prima facie, entitled to consid-
eration; that it is one that would readily and natu-
rally suggest itself to an inquiring mind. But it
does seem, also, that a mind imbued with a
consideration of the tiue principles upon which
the States formed this Union by the estab-
lishment of the constitution between the parties
so ratifying it, and applying equally to States
subsequently admitted, would easily relieve itself
from a first impi esf ion, and discern that the objec-
tion was superficial, and must disappear before the
operation of the true principles of the Union of these
sovereign and independent States.
Let it be premised, however, that it is a difficulty
started in advance to defeat the exercise of a power
which we have shown, as we think conclusively, to
reside in Congress, to admit Texas as a new State.
If we, tide Congress, have the power to admit Texas
as a new State, into this Union, shall we boggle
about its exercise, because we aie threatened that,
after admitted, the new State cannot constitutionally
be represented in the House or Senate? If we have the
power, under the constitution, to admit this new
State, we should inquire only into the propriety of
exercising that power, and not stumble at difficul-
ties which may arise in another Congress.
Texas once admitted, it is her province to elect
senators and representatives who shall be eligible to
the places for which they are chosen. It will be-
long to the next Congress—that is, to each branch
of it—and not to us, to decide whether'the senators
avid representatives chosen are qualified under the
constitution to bold their seats.
Doubtless that young republic, converted into a
State, of this Union, in selecting senators and repre-
sentatives, will find inhabitants thereof who shall
ham been saen and rune years citizens of the
United States. Admit Tex&s, and it is her duty
and her right to find senators and representatives
capable of holding their seats; and it is prematurely
pragmatical m tins Congress to decide that the new
State of Texas can find nobody, in all her borders,
who has the qualification to represent her in either
House in the next Congress.
It will bo the business of the new State, and of
the next Congress, to decide these anticipated and
suggested diti'.cnl!les. It is no part of our business
or'duty to make the decision in advance; and there-
fore it ought to weigh not at all with this Congress,
on the inquiry, Can Texas be constitutionally ad-
mitted as a new State5
But, m reference to the inhabitants of Texas, it is
notorious that they have emigrated from the United
States, and most of them have been seven and nine
years citizens of the United States- The objection
would not apply to any one who had been the seven
or nine years a citizen of the United States; and, at
the time of election, an inhabitant of Texas.
Peculiar circumstances of emigration and settle-
Blent and citizenship in Texas, connected with pre-
vious citizenship in the United States, dissipate the
objection urged. I shall not discuss the right of
expatriation or simple emigration. 1 shall not ex-
amine the doctrine whether a citizen voluntarily re-
moving from his own country, and undertaking
the duties of a citizen of another countrjr, thereby
conclusively and irrevocably loses his citizenship.
I shall not deny that citizens may disconnect them-
selves from the country—may place themselves be-
yond its recognition and protection. Still, however,
citizens may have removed who have not formally
expatriated themselves—who have, nevertheless,
abandoned their country—who have voluntarily
put themselves out of the pale of protection, and
released their original government from responsibili-
ty for their actions. In every and in all possible
cases where any such citizen may return within
the limits of his country, (the United States,) or
may even be found or embraced within the limits
of the United States, he is emphatically redintegrated;
he stands as if he had always been a citizen; he is
restored to his original position of a citizen of the
United States, and counts his rights and his eligibil-
ities from his first citizenship or birth.
What has been thus laid down, is sufficient to
remove all difficulties in relation to Texas. We
want, however, some general principle available at
all times, and not peculiarly applicable to the cir-
cumstances of Texas; and that general principle is
found in the virtue of admission into this Union. The
political community, admitted as a State ^ into this
Union, comes into the Union with its citizens con-
structively, ay, positively, citizens of the United
States. The admission of a State into this
Union is a wholesale introduction of all its
citizens to citizenship of the United States,
without the formal process of individual naturaliza-
tion. No State can exist without citizens thereof—
the citizens compose the State as a political com-
munity; and the admission of a State, necessarily,
ex VI termini, admits all the citizens of that State
''to all privileges and immunities of citizens in the
several States." Can a nathe be naturalized? Cer-
tainly not. Our naturalization laws apj#y to aliens
born, who have migrated into this country, andhave
some foreign power to renounce. Naturalization is
an individual admission of emigrant foreigners to
this country to the rights and privileges of citizen-
ship. Admission is the introduction, by a single
act of Congress, of all the members of the new
States to the rights and privileges of citizens of the
United States. It must be so. If the State is ad-
mitted, it is an admission of the co-equal rights of al
its citizens. If Texas be admitted as one of these
United States, then a citizen of Texas, with no cur-
tailment of right or privilege, may count his citizen-
ship of Texas from its commencement, by birth,
naturalization, residence, or other circumstance; and
that computed citizenship of Texas as one of the
States applies to the United States, of which Texas
is one in our argument. Naturalization of individ-
uals, and admission of States, differ _ in this: that
naturalization is an individual operation, whereby
individuals claim a right only from the date of natu-
ralization; admission is an introduction of an entire
political community into this Union upon equal
footing with the other States. Citizenship, there-
fore, remains; and is counted from its commence-
ment in the State admitted—it relates back to
its origin there—without allowing that _ii is
interrupted or abolished by the act of admission.
Hence the citizen of Texas would count the term
of his citizenship from the beginning, and not from
the act of admission. Texas comes in with its citi-
zens, and their citizenship dating from its commence-
ment; and this construction is essential, or was es-
sential, to the successful commencement of this gov-
ment. There were citizens of the several States
before the adoption of the federal constitution; hut
when it was adopted, who in the whole Union had.
been seven or nine years a citizens of the United
States, of any one or all the States thus and then
united?
If this inquiry should not apply to the eleven
States who first ratified, it may be well asked of
those two States who became members after this
Union had been formed, whether they had any citi-
zens who had been nine or seven years citizens of
the United States.
North Carolina and Rhode Island had, as we
have seen, become foreign States. When they be-
came members of the United States by ratification,
where were their citizens who had been seven and
nine years citizens of these United States? When
Vermont was admitted, she had been up to the
time of admission foreign not only to the United
States, but foreign also to each State. Did any
body ever suppose that, on the 4th day of March,
1791, when she came into this Union, she
had no citizens eligible to the House of Representa-
tives or the Senate?
Mr. Dromgoole desired, in conclusipn, to make
a few remarks on the subject of slavery and the
compromise, topics, which had been introduced into
this discussion. I could have wished (said he) that
such discussions might have been avoiued on this
occasion. They may contribute to mutual irrita- «
tion—may serve to excite the passions and arouse
prejudices; but they have no influence in promoting
a harmonious preservation of the Union. In the
plan which I have proposed, there is no provision
inserted relating to these matters. It is an ungracious
business to require the republic of Texas to abolish
her domestic institutions, in whole or _.i part, as a
condition precedent to her admission into theUnion.
It was not required originally of any of the States.
The existence of slavery within a State, regulated
by the laws of the State, constituted no insuperable
difficulty in the origin of this Union. Representa-
tion ana taxation were disc'ussed in connection with
it, and a satisfactory adjustment of those subjects
effected. But no hint or intimation, much less a
demand, was made that "this institution ought
to be abolished. Why, then, make it a pre-
requisite as to the independent State of Tex-
as? Still, however, if one State, with definite
boundaries, should be admitted, it might then
be unobjectionable to propose to such State that
the same regulation should apply to any part of the
residuary territory lying north of the line of thirty-
six degrees and thirty minutes of north latitude,
which has been established m the territory of the
United States lying north of the same line, on the
subject of slavery. And there let the regulation re-
main undisturbed, in all future time, in its applica-
tion to our progress. Then our great purposes
might be successfully pursued in peace and harmo-
ny, free from the mischievous agitation of a section-
al and domestic question. If it is not wickedly de-
signed to divide this Union through collision on a
subject which was not permitted to obstruct
its formation, let us forfear unnecessary con-
troversy and provocation—let us not essay
new experiments—let us not interrupt an admitted
compromise. Gladly, and with confidence of suc-
cess, would I make such an appeal to the who e
American people. I would invoke them as^ friends
to the peaceful preservation of our glorious Union to
make a truce with slavery. It was not incompati-
ble with its formation; it ought not to be permitted
to interrupt its continuance and growth. Let the
compromise stand. South of 36 degrees and 30
minutes north latitude slaveholders and non-
slaveholders may alike settle and enjoy their rights;
and may, if so inclined, form new States exsluding
slavery therefrom. North ot that line slavery is
forever interdicted; and the slaveholder, as such, ex-
eluded from migration and settlement. Where slave-
ry already exists in a State, we have no right, under
the constitution, to require its abolition before ad-
mission. It is no compromise with Texas to estab-
lish this line. It is imposing a hard condition, and
requiring concession and surrender of right never
before required. It may, however, be reasonably
supposed that Texas will accede to it, because it
conforms to an existing regulation of the (Jmon of
which she is to become a member, and accomplishes
a continued uniformity. Let us no longer disturb
our councils, and endanger our Union, with a sub-
ject over which we have no constitutional control;
let slavery be left, as a domestic institution, to the
regulation of those immediately "interested in it, and
to the operation of natural causes. With such an
understanding, and with reconciled feelings, our
Union will prosper, and may be extended in peace
and security. And whatever may be the decision
of this Congress, I shall, with an abiding confidence,
believe that, among the sincere and stedfast friends
of the perpetuity of the Union, there will grow up
one general determination to hold sacred this estab-
lished line as a permanent basis of compromise upon
a delicate question, with a patriotic resolve that it
shall never again distract our deliberations or im-
pede our national progress.
The gentleman from Vermont, [Mr. Cojllamer,] it
appears to me, took a very narrow and peaked
view of this matter, when he adverted to the map
of Texas, to show how small and contracted a por-
tion would be reserved for settlement by emigrants
from the non-slaveholding States. Proposing as we
