30§
28th OongC.....2d Sks8,
APPENDIX 1*0 THE CONGRESSIONAL ClLoSB.
Public Land Bill—Mr. Tkomasson.
Feb. mi>.
and those in immediate communication with
these great cities may have called for a reform
in the department; but I, as well as my friend
from Georgia, [Mr. Cobb,] am ignorant of any
call proceeding from the people of the country-
Not based, then, upon the failure of the present sys-
tem in its general principles, nor upon the call of the
Postmaster General, jior upon the call of the great
body of the people who are so deeply interested,
this bill comes before us a bill merely to cheapen
postage to the inhabitants of the great cities, and to
tax accordingly the consumers of iron, sugar, salt,
cotton, and woollen goods!
The only argument which has been urged in its
favor has been that five cents postage will pay all
the expenses of the department, and, of course,
ought to be the rate adopted. If so, sir, I agree to
it. I am not opposed to reduction when it can be
made without creating a demand for higher tariff
duties upon imports. If one cent postage will pay
the expenses of the department, I am in favor of a
rate of one cent. But 1 ask for the reasons for this
assertion; and all that have been given are based
upon the operation of the post office reform in Eng-
land. Sir, there can be no correct conclusions
drawn from the operation of that system in Eng-
land which will be at all applicable to its operation
here. The countries are greatly dissimilar. Eng-
land is of small territorial extent. Its roads and
other means of intercommunication are excellent 
far superior to ours. Mail conveyances are there-
fore rapid and cheap. It is densely populated with
a manufacturing and commercial people whose busi-
ness require frequent communications by mail.
England is in fact a hive of commercial inter-
ests which spread their influences over the whole
civilized world.
Our country is one of vast extent—almost boundless.
In the main it is thinly peopled. "With but slight
exceptions upon the northeastern Atlantic seaboard,
our roads are bad or difficult for rapid travelling,
and in very large sections of the Union, public roads
are as few as the towns which dot them. Mail con-
veyances are therefore slow and expensive.
Our people too are an agricultural people, whose
business requires but few communications by mail,
and who rarely use it for any purposes. This fact
is strikingly shown by the following statistics, for
which I am indebted to the speech of senator Mer-
rick. «
In England there are 7,155,169 persons over
twenty years of age who can read and write. For
each of these there passes through the mail annu-
ally an average of 28i letters.
In the United States there are 5,892,806 persons
who can read and write. For each of these there
passes through the mail annually an average of
but four and a half letters.
It will thus be seen that on an average, each
individual in England uses the mail six-fold more
than we do.
The quantity of mailable matter regulating, in a
great degree, the rates of postage, it will at once be
seen tfyat the operations of the English mail system
furnish us no correct criterion by which to guide
our deliberations.
Again, sir, this bill differs essentially from the
English act that were there no disparity between
the two countries you could not expect the results
of the operation of this bill to conform to those of
the former. There are two main features in the
English system which constitute its very essence,
to wit: the abolition of the franking privilege, and
the principle of pre-payment. If there is one fea-
ture in our present system more complained of than
another, or one privilege more abused, it is the
franking privilege; yet this is left untouched by this
bill, and it remains, with all its deformities, an in-
cubus upon the system. In England so valuable
has the principle of pre-payments been held, that all
letters not pre-paid are charged double postage ! Yet
this bill adopts the credit system in full, and thus
transforms from our present its worst features, dis-
carding its best.
What will be the effect of the great change con-
templated? Either to ruin a great number of mail-
routes in the South and West, and in the sparse-
ly populated regions of the older country, or
if they are still kept up, to make their sup-
port a charge upon the treasury. The bill
confesses that the revenues will be de-
creased by this sudden change of rates. What
routes will fail then to meet their expenses? The
routes in the new counties and new States, and in
H. of Reps.
the poor counties of all the States. Their mail facil-
ities, then, if kept up, will be paid for out of the treas-
ury. The post office now pays its own expenses;
but this change destroying its ability to do so, it
must be supported out of the treasury. Of course,
then, as you increase demands upon the treasury,
you increase the reasons for imposing a high tariff
upon the country. As postage rates are diminished
custom duties will have to be increased. For whose
benefit? The increase of duties will benefit the man-
ufacturer of all articles consumed by the people. The
decrease of postage rates will benefit the great cities
who constitute the great mass who use the mails.
Who suffers, sir? The people of the country! Their
mail facilities, it is true, may be continued; but
they, the farmers and mechanics of the land, will be
called upon to pay a slightly extra tax upon sugar—
a little upon iron—a little upon salt—a little upon
all woollen goods—a little upon cotton goods a lit-
tle upon leather. The consumers of the necessaries
of life will be forced to bear the expense of cheap
postage for the inhabitants of the cities. Is it not
so, sir?
Who most use and load down your mails? Not
the quiet farmers of the land, but your politicians,
merchants, manufacturing capitalists, brokers, stock-
jobbers, professional men; and last, though not
least in the estimation of my friend from Maine,
[Mr. Cary,]—and no man is better capable of
judging—the belles and the beaux! And yet these
same farmers, sir, who do emphatically constitute
the bone and sinew of the country, the great mass
of the tax-paying population, are to be called upon
to give these letter-writing gentry cheap postage at
an expense to them of high taxes! Sir, let gentle-
men who like me represent a farming community,
beware how they are inveigled into the support of
a bill entailing such consequences. There is an er-
roneous notion of the popularity of this bill preva-
lent here. The bill may be plausible, but is not
sound. It will not bear inspection. It will create a
strife in the land, by its unfair operation, between
the citizens of the towns and the inhabitants of the
country. And how long, pray tell me, can such a
conflict last?
I would, sir, I were not forced to the conclusion
that there is a deeper and more dangerous feeling at
the bottom of this bill than post-office reform. But
the almost unanimous support given to it in both
branches of Congress by the strong high-tariff in-
terests—the sources from which have emanated
most of the demonstrations in favor of the measure
—the provisions of the last section, providing for
an expenditure of four and a half millions of dollars—
the great and sudden destruction of a vast and
complicated system, which has heretofore met its
own expenses, and the establishment of so low a
rate, and the retention of the onerous franking priv-
ilege,—-all combine to show that this is but a part,
a link in that grand system of throwing the entire
burdens of government upon the customs, which
had been so steadily pursued for years, and had
acquired so great a headway when the old hero-
statesman gave it a disastrous blow—his celebrated
veto of the Maysville road bill—and which now ap-
pears to be reviving and exhibiting its former ener-
gy and voraciousness.
The bill to appropriate a million and a half of
dollars to improve eastern harbors, at the last ses-
sion—a bill now on your table to appropriate two
millions and a half to improve western harbors and
rivers,—are all parts of this system.
The bill to distribute the proceeds of the sales of
the public lands among the several States was
another link in the great chain; and now comes a
more dangerous, because more plausible and in-
sidious, attack upon the treasury than all the
others—this bill to reduce the rates of postage.
Pass this bill, and we bid an eternal adieu to any-
thing like a reasonable hope that the tariff will be
reduced. In truth, sir, we challenge still higher
rates of duties by creating at once so great and so
regular a drain upon treasury.
Let me not be undersood, however, as being op-
posed to reform in the post office. I believe that
the rates of postage should be made to conform to
the federal currency; and that we might, by a bill
which 1 am glad to hear my friend from Indiana,
[Mr. Owen.] has ready to offer, make a gradual
prospective reduction. If you will reduce rates 20
per cent, the coming year, and 20 per cent, of the
present rates the year after, and abolish the frank-
ing privilege, you will have done much to reform
the department; you will have fully met the expec-
tations of the people; and will leave the department
where you find it, distributing its blessings over the
whole land, and meeting its own expenses.
REMARKS OF MR. THOMASSON,
OF KENTUCKY.
In the House of Representatives, Feb. 4, 1845—On the
bill reducing and graduating the price of the pub-
lic lands.
Mr. THOMASSON observed that, after offering
a substitute for the bill under consideration, he felt
some anxiety to express opinions which he had long
entertained in relation to the public lands. It was
not contended that any great injury had resulted to
either the government or citizens under the present
judicious arrangement; nor was it denied that many
intelligent and respectable citizens believed some
further legislation was required as to lands long in
market. It was not an objection to the principle,
but to the manner and extent of graduation proposed
in the bill under consideration, that had induced him
to offer this substitute.
The bill provides that one individual may enter
three hundred and twentyacres. This is too much.
In no case should individual entries exceed one hun-
dred and sixty acres: true policy would seem to
confine the privilege even to a less number of acres.
Again, the bill provides that the lands "may be en-
tered for settlement or cultivation, or for the use of
an adjacent farm or plantation." Under this pro-
vision, a person in Maine or Kentucky owning a
farm in Indiana, may enter three hundred and
twenty acres adjacent to his Indiana farm; or, as is
well known, he may go into that State and purchase
a farm at a small advance upon government price,
and then, by virtue of this bill, enter three hundred
and twenty acres adjoining, at twenty-five cents per
acre. Such would be the practical operation of this
bill, if passed. Speculators could not desire a more
certain legal sanction to their operations than this
would afford; and the avowed object of the friends of
the bill would be wholly frustrated.
If this bill be so amended as that the lands which
have been ten or fifteen years in market may be ta- •
ken up—not more than one hundred and sixty acres
by any one, and who is an actual settler—at a limit-
ed price, say fifty cents per acre, and then, if the
substance of the proposed substitute offered by him
(Mr. T.) were engrafted upon it, the measure would
receive his most hearty support. After this declara-
tion, (said Mr. T.) surely no|| oKB will suspect my
motive in offering the substitute to be otner than
that of discharging a duty in good faith. The gen-
tlsman from Indiana [Mr. Smith] has, in terms, ac-
quitted me of improper motives, whilst his lan-
guage tends to force a contrary conviction upon the
minds of others. It may be, however, that the gen-
tleman intended to pay me, not what is considered
by myself a compliment only, but an honor—that I
am a whig. Both the name and principles are
gloried in; the name is the same that my forefathers
responded to in obeying their country's call in this
very vicinity, "in the day and hour that tried men's
souls;" and this occasion is embraced to repeat, what
has often elsewhere1 been publicly declared, that,
for the nation to be prosperous and happy, this gov-
ernment must be administered upon the principles of
the whig party. Nor is confidence strouger as to
the correctness of the principles than in the belief
that the people will adopt them when party tactics
and shackles shall have had their day. Confiding
in the virtue and intelligence of the people, patient
resignation shall be exercised until they move to
effect so great a national blessing.
Opposition to graduating the price of the public
lands is alleged to be the policy of the whig party.
Such is not my understanding; but, if there is a
mistake in this, both friends and opponents may
learn that party chains cannot be forged strong
enough to bind me to do what twenty-eight years
of experience and obscivation satisfy me is wrong,
especially upon a question of great national im-
port.
There are various reasons why this question
should be settled. Lst me refer to them. We
shall in a few months welcome three young sisters
into the confederacy of States; their voices will be
potential in asking a patrimony to enable them to
commence housekeeping. After they have obtained
all they can by their blandishments, (which those in
their teess know so well Bow to employ,) they too
will begin to talk about State rights and State sover-
eignty. It will be but the echo of a sentiment already
