Jan. 1845.
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
309
528th Cong 2d Sess.
Annexation of Texas—Mr. Stephens.
H. of Reps.);
hinted at upon this floor, and which is gaining strength
in the country, that it is an anomaly for one sover-
eignty to hold the proprietorship of soil within the
territorial limits of another sovereignty. Were this
principle admitted to be correct, there would be an
inaptness in its application to the facts, because the
constitution of each State in which the government
holds lands has either directly or indirectly sanc-
tioned this quasi foreign propriet«rship. This fact
may, however, have little weight with those who
are playing a deep game for so heavy a stake.
Again: suppose the three new States admitted to
the family council: we shall then have twelve States
in which there are public lands, all actuated by the
one ruling motive—to obtain the ownership of the
soil within their limits. Thus circumstanced, an
important election approaches; for instance, the
presidency is the stake, and the public domain is of-
fered as the consideration of success: who that has
attended to recent events will hesitate to say the
contract would bo closed?
Again: unless some settlement of this question is
made, a large portion of the proceeds of the sales of
the lands will be spent in annual discussions touch-
ing the subject.
Again: in several counties in districts where the
lands have been in market more than thirty years, a
large portion—perhaps in some a third—remains
unsold, yielding no tax to State or county. This is
deemed a peculiar hardship, and about which com-
plaints are often heard. The inhibition against the
States to tax the lands until five years after their
sale by the government, seems to have been intend-
ed as an encouragement to purchasers. The pdlicy
of this measure, under existing circumstances, is se-
riously doubted; and hence, at the last session, when
the gentleman from Illinois presented a bill to re-
move the inhibition in that State upon prospective
purchases with a view to taxation, it received, as it
would again receive if presented, my support. The
only injury to the State might be the loss of some
who would otherwise become citizens; but if her
representatives believe that the certain good in the
right to tax preponderates over any conjectural loss
of citizens, there seems to be no sufficient reason for
opposing their request.
Again: there are many who look to the protection
of home industry as of the first importance; and
they see, when our currency is sound, and our com-
merce healthy and prosperous, that large sums of
money flow into the treasury from the sales of lands,
furnishing a plausible pretext of complaint against
the tariff. These persons may shortly deliberate as
to the mode of obtaining a riddance of this source of
revenue for thdiexpress purpose of giving stability
to the protective policy.
For these reasons, and many others that might be
assigned—considering the public domain in immi-
nent danger—I am prepared to do not only what the
friends of the measure may deem just, but what all
will consider liberal—
[A voice in the rear. "You seem to be somewhat
tinctured with the protective policy."]
Yes, (responded Mr. T ) I scorn to entertain an
opinion without giving it free expression upon all
suitable occasions; I am for maintaining the protect-
ive policy. It is esteemed a sure basis of national
prosperity; and 1 am unhesitatingly opposed to the
sales of the public lands forming a part of the na-
tional revenue. Next to the honor and fair fame of
the general government, is the honor and credit of
the several States; and one of the leading objects of
my public life has been, and is, to relieve them from
their present Indebtedness. It would be impolitic
for the general government directly to assume the
debts of the States; and it is so impolitic only be-
cause there is not, nor should there be, any control-
ling power to prevent the States from again becom-
ing involved; but the policy of the whigs will, if
pursued, accomplish this desideratum by a slow but
certain process; and under its operation there will
be little danger of a recurrence to this great State
error. If the States should be instantly relieved,
they may be unmindful of the past, and again rush
into the extravagances of past years; but if relieved
after years of severe trial and inconvenient suffering,
they will look well to the lights of experience before
they enter a new labyrinth. Why, then, shall not
the proceeds of the public land sales be distributed
among the States, as urged by the whigs? What
possible injury can result to the general govern-
ment' And what incalculable benefit to the States?
These are questions of serious import, addressing
themselves to every American citizen. It is in-
structive to mark the progress of public opinion
upon this important question. Both the great par-
ties call the land sales "the corruption fund." The
whigs say it occasionally produces a bloat m the
national coffers which superinduces corruption.
Wow, in this they may be correct; for all, of both
parties, admit that an overflowing treasury leads to ex-
travagance, consequently to corruption; and they al-
lege, if this is excluded, other great national interests
can be placed upon more sure and permanent grounds;
that the annual wants of the government for econom-
ical purposes can be more accurately calculated; that
this fund, in the hands of the States, can be as hon-
estly managed as by the general government; and
that its application, as proposed, will reflect great
credit and honor upon us as a nation. Those enter-
taining the converse of this proposition allege that
the general government is under no obligation, either
legal or moral, to pay, or to assist the States to pay
their debts; that it would be corrupting the States
to have this fund: the plain deduction from which is
that we are honest and can honestly use this money;
but the States are dishonest, and, if intrusted with tjie
money, will surely apply it to some corrupting pur-
pose! The usual cant phrase is, "buying up the
States." Do gentlemen who use the term reflect
how, for what, or whom, can the States be bought
up ?
In reflecting upon this subject we should not for-
get that, "a good name is rather to be chosen than
great riches, and loving favor rather than silver and
gold."
If these debts were contracted with individuals or
corporations within our country, then, with more
propriety, might we rebuke foreigners for their opin-
ions of our conduct; but foreigners being the injured
parties, they will speak; and truth does not furnish
a satisfactory anwser to their burning sarcasms. If
"honesty is the best policy," and to pay a debt be
honest, then indeed is it time we were looking to
our true interest.
It may be apprehended that, by graduating the
price of the lands, there will be a great dimi-
nution m the receipts from sales. Facts before us
force my mind to a different conclusion. Take, for
instance, the Jeffersonville district in Indiana, the
receipts from which for the year 1843 were but
$49,095 21. This land has been in market over thir-
ty years, and there is a portion of it that rio one will
enter at any price, for it is not worth paying taxes
on; but there is a quantity that will be entered if the
price is reduced to fifty cents per acre: so that it is
fair to conclude that as much more than of late will
be sold as to make the receipts the same, if not more,
for years to come.
A few words as to the policy of the proposed sub-
stitute: It gives to a family of two persons forty
acres; where there are more than two and less than
five persons, eighty acres; and for five and upwards,
one hundred and sixty acres. The applicant is to
make oath that he or she does not own any real es-
tate. Three years' actual residence is required be-
fore the patent issues; and the lands are subject to
taxation from date of entry. Not one word of ob-
jection to this proposition has been heard from either
side of this House, except that some think the num-
ber of acres too small.
[Here Mr. Thomasson was asked: "Will your
whig friends go for your proposition?"]
I ao not know, (responded Mr. T.;) the opinion
of not one whig friend is known to me.
The national domain (continued Mr. T.) has been
looked to as an available source whence money can
be raised to sustain the government in any and all
emergencies, and its preservation has been urged for
that important consideration. Now, if the same ob-
ject can be attained by the use of a small part, why
shall it not be done? Suppose a hundred thousand
citizens avail themselves of the benefits proposed by
the substitute, each selecting, at the maximum, one
hundred and sixty acres: this would take sixteen
millions of acres—not one-thirtieth part of what we
have, and that, too, all of the refuse. Such a host
of willing tax-payers, made land proprietors by the
bounty of the government, would present a specta-
cle which a statesman should delight to look upon.
In the hour of the country's greatest tribulation,
these citizens would constitute an army more to be
relied upon than all the sinews that could be
bought with the whole residue ©f the public do-
main. They would come up to battle in the
cause of truth and justice with grateful recollec-
tions of their country's generosity; and wo be-
tide the assailants of their country's rights. But,
were we to leave out of consideration all that is just,
generous, and noble, and make the estimate upon the
sordid principle of dollars and ^pnts, then would
this proposition have, as is believed, a decided ad-
vantage over the present arrangement; the exercise
of the right to tax, not only the land thus entered,
but the head and capital of the occupant; and little
doubt is entertained that, in a series of (say twenty-
five) years, more money would be realized than
could be from the sales of the lands at present
prices. It is true, the benefit will enure more di-
rectly to the States where the lands are thus taken
up; but what does it matter whether the national
government is rich or poor, so long as her citizens
are rich, and ready to give with unsparing hand, be-
cause of former favors received? And, besides, du-
ring the whole time, the citizen contributes to the
support of the general government, by consuming
articles paying import duties, and your liberality but
increases his ability to consume.
The authorship of the substitute had well nigh
been the means of introducing me into strange com-
panionship a few days after its appearance in print.
A copy of a newspaper published in the city of
New York was put into my hands, and 1 found the
doctrine therein promulged was, substantially, that
the earth was created for man's sustenance, just a3
necessary as life itself, and, therefore, all human
regulations by which one man is permitted to enjoy
a portion of the land, to the exclusion of all others,
are unjust, and should be abrogated. Since, several
numbers of a paper published at the same place, of
more recent date, advocating the same principles,
have been received through the mail. While feel-
ings of kindness and respect are entertained for the
person who has sent me these papers, I solemnly de-
clare that I entertain for the doctrine they promulgate
the mostineffable detestation and abhorrence. Itisul-
tra agrarianism. To put it in the power either a citizen
or the government to deprive a man and his family of
the comforts and conveniences he has toiled for years
to acquire, would be destructive of all virtuous emula-
tion , and would strike at the root of social order. It
is useless to say what one would do should this gov-
ernment resort to such an expedient; but this can be
truly said; any other form of government would be
preferable to that under which such injustice could
be attempted. How the advocates of this doctrine
could imagine that it would meet my approval can-
not be conjectured; for, surely, the adoption of my
proposition would be the opposite of their creed.
Mine would enable the poor honest man to obtain
a home—to become, himself, the proprietor in fee
of broad acres, thus enabling him to rear his family
in credit aijd to educate his children; whilst theirs
would make serfs of citizens, by placing all power
over the soil in the hands of a few who might be in-
trusted with the affairs of government. It would be
a most hideous and hateful oligarchy.
What I have thus urged—perhaps too hastily to
be duly appreciated—has been said with the view
that both the object and motive of my moving this
substitute may be distinctly understood. If the
friends of distribution hope ever to succeed, now is
the time to save what may be worth distributing.
Timely concession may prevent future loss. Be-
lieving that the public domain is in imminent
danger, and that our best policy is for the tillers of
the soil to become its owners, I am prepared to go
with the friends of the measure under consideration,
thus amended; and I hope we may harmonize and
pass a bill that, whilst it gives general satisfaction,
may promote the best interests of our common
country.
SPEECH OF MR. STEPHENS,
of georgia.
In the House of Representatives, January 25, 1845—
In Committee of the Whole on the state ef the
Union on the joint resolution for annexing Texas.
Mr. STEPHENS said:
Mr. Chairman: It is more from asenie of duty
to myself, that my position and views may be cor-
rectly understood in the vote I may give on the sev-
eral propositions now upon the table, as they may
be severally presented when the hour of taking the
vote arrives, than from any expectation of saying
anything interesting to the House, that I now ven-
ture to invite the attention of members to what I
am about to offer for their consideration. The sub-
ject before us is of no ordinary importance. Its
magnitude seems to be duly felt by every one.
And seldom, perhaps, if ever, has it been surpassed
in interest by any that has ever been discussed
within these walls. It is a matter of greatconcern
as well to the people of Texas as to the people of the
