310
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
Jan. 1845.
28th Cong 2b Sess.
  9 ■ K —
Annexation of Texas—Mr. Stephens.
H. of Reps.
United States. Both countries, therefore, are
• anxiously watching its progress; for it involves, to
some extent, the harmony, well being, and desti-
nies, of both. I have so considered it, from the
time of its first agitation. And the same views
must have struck not only the politician and states-
man, but the most careless observer of public affairs
and passing events. It is also a question which to
me loses none of its interest as its decision ap-
proaches. Its vastness and magnitude, like great
objects in nature, swell out and enlarge as we come
nearer to it. The mountain in the distance, clothed
in ita "azure hue," looks all smooth and even; but
experience as well as poetry tells us, it is the dis-
tance that gives "enchantment to the view." Sur-
veyed at its base, in the gloomy shade of its august
frown, it no longer presents the delusive prospect of
an easy and enticing ascent. 'X'he abrupt front and
rugged surface too plainly show the dangers and
difficulties that beset and environ its few and narrow
So, sir, with this subject, as we approach nearer
to it, its surface is far from appearing even and
smooth. Already we see its projecting rocks—the
high impending cliffs—the deep ravines—the fright-
ful chasms—and sometimes, I must confess, I fancy
I hear the portentous rumbling of its slumbering
vplcanic fires. May God grant that my apprehen-
sion may prove to be founded only in alarm, or that
their destructive energies may never be fully
awakened and actively aroused.
Before attempting, however, to encounter its diffi-
culties or to surmount its heights, I will premise by
stating, that, upon the abstract question of the an-
nexation of Texas, or the union of the government
of that country with this, upon just and proper prin-
ciples, I am favorably inclined, and have been from
the'beginning. But I am far from saying that I am
in favor of any kind of a union, or that I am pi e-
pared to vote, as some gentlemen have said for
themselves, for either or any of the plans for annex-
ation which have been referred to this committee.
With me, much depends upon the form, the nature,
and the terms of the pioposition; for while I might
yield a willing and cordial support to one, I should
not hesitate to give a similar opposition to another.
i am far from declaring myself for Texas any how
and in any way. The benefits to be derived from
all human institutions, and the practical usefulness
of all measures, even the wisest, depend eminently
on detail—and upon my opinion of the propriety of
the details of the several plans now before the com-
mittee will depend my vote when the question comes
to be taken upon them, respectively. As much as I
. desire this addition to our republic upon what I con-
ceive to be correct and proper principles, yet upon
others, and upon some of those now before us, I
should not hesitate to reject it, as one of the greatest
possible evils with which we could be cursed.
In what I have to say, therefore, for greater per-
spicuity, and for the purpose of being better under-
stood in relation to the various plans, I will, if the
committee will bear with me, proceed to state-
In the first place, what kind of a proposition I will
not support; secondly, what kind of a proposition I
■will support; thirdly, notice some of the objections I
have heard in opposition; and, lastly, if my time
permits, offer some of the reasons which inflacncc
me in supporting such a measure as I shall state.
In the first place, then, I wish it distinctly under-
stood that I am opposed to the plan reported by the
chairman [Mr. C. J. Ingersoll] of the Committee
on Foreign Affairs. That is the plan which is now
immediately before us. It is an exact copy of the
treaty rejected by the Senate last spring, and which
I have never failed, upon all proper occasions, to
condemn, ever since its provisions were made known.
My objections to it are two-fold. It leaves the
slavery question, upon which so much has been
said in this debate, unsettled; and it also provides
for the assumption by this government of the debts
of Texas. TT
My friend and colleague [Mr. Haralson] yes-
'terday, and another friend and colleague, [Mi'.Cobb,]
whom I now see in his seat, the day before, stated
that, in Georgia, men of all parties were in favor of
annexation; but neither of those gentlemen, 1 pre-
sume, would venture to assert that any party in that
State are favorable to annexation upon the terms of
that treaty. • ,
[Mr. Haralson interrupted, and was understood
to say that what he had stated, and now repeated,
was, that the people of Geotgia were in favor of im-
mediate annexation, and he was prepared to carry
out their wishes in any way the object could be ac-
complished.]
Mr. Stephens. Then I suppose the gentleman
is prepared to vote for the terms of that treaty?
[Mr. Haralson again replied by saying, as he
was understood, that he did not intend to be driven
off by a quibble of that sort: he was ready to vote
for any proper plan.]
Mr. Stephens continued. No quibble, Mr. Chair-
man. I, too, am prepared to vote for any proper
plan; but is that treaty, the proposition in substance
now before us, a proper plan? That is the question.
That party with which I act in that State has al-
ways been in favor of annexation, as soon as it
could be honorably, peaceably, properly, and prac-
ticably done, but no sooner.
And it is true that the party with which my col-
league acts, during the late canvass, went for "im-
mediate annexation," as he stated—some of them
upon one plan, and some upon another, and some
upon no plan in particular, except to get the terri-
tory in any way possible, and then to "lottery it
off" amongst the people; and calculations, 1 believe,
were made, in some parts, showing how many acres
each voter would get in this way. All these "hum-
bugs" had their day and champions, and perhaps
answered their purpose. But among all the schemes
advocated there, it was generally very carefully
omitted to say much in defence of that treaty. Nor
do I believe that the people of Georgia of either
party, desirous as I know them, in the main, of both
parties, to be for annexation upon proper terms,
would be willing to see it accomplished according to
the provisions of that measure.
The same I will venture to affirm of the people of
h& South generally, of all parties.
Sir, the distinguished gentleman from South Car-
olina [Mr. Holmes.] the other day said, what I con-
sider, m effect, as declaring that the southern man
who would vote for the terms of that treaty was
either '-a fool or a knave."
[Mr. Holmls rose and said, that what he had
stated was, that any southern man who would con-
sent to divide the Texian territory between the
slaveholding and non-slaveliolding interests would
be either "a fool or a knave," and such was still his
opinion.]
Mr. Stephens continued. Exactly so, sir; and
so I understood him. And how did that treaty, or
how does the plan now upon your table, dispose of
and adjust those interests? Where is the guaranty-
it contains for the security of any portion, much
less one-half of the country or territory for the
slaveholding interests? Upon this subject, which
that gentleman thinks so vital and important, that
treaty and the plan now before us are as silent as
the grave! And would the southern man who
should vote to have the country equally divided be-
tween the slaveholding and non-slaveholding inte-
rests be any more "a fool or a knave" than the man
who would vote for the acquisition of that exten-
sive territory, larger than several of the largest
States of this Union together, or the kingdom of
France, as some gentlemen have said, bordering
upon three of the slave States of the Union, without
any settlement of that question, or adjustment of
those interests—leaving it for a future House of
Representatives, when the majority it is well known
will be decidedly opposed to the slaveholding in-
terests, to make the division? I should not call any
man who may or might so vote either "a knave or
a fool." 1 use no such language towards any mem-
ber on this floor. I suppose every one will vote ac-
cording to the dictates of his judgment, and what he
conceives to be for the best interests of the country.
This is the rule I claim for myself, and I am dis-
posed to concede it toothers. But this 1 will not
hesitate to say: that no southern man could pursue,
in my opinion, a more unwise course than to vote
for any measure upon this subject, without a settle-
ment and establishment of the line dividing those in-
terests. If slavery is to exist in any part of the ter-
ritory, let it be so stated. Let it be "nominated in
the bond." Let it be inserted in the compact of
union, of whatever character it may be, whether in
the form of a treaty, or a bill, or joint resolution
for her admission as a State, or in any other way.
Nor can I say upon this point, with the honora-
ble chairman of the Committee on Foreign Af-
fairs, [Mr. Charles J. Ingersgll,] who report-
ed this plan, which is so mum upon this most im-
portant matter connected with it, that it is unne-
cessary to adjust that question now; that "sufficient
unto the day is the evil thereof." The authority of
Scripture, I admit, is good, when properly used;
but, unfortunately, it is not always so applied. And
whoever has read the history of the temptation in
the wilderness, will doubtless agree with me that
this is not the first instance of its misapplication.
I should rather Say, let us not put off the evil hour
—let the membeVs from different parts of the coun-
try understand themselves upon this question at the
threshold. Distinct understandings often avoid un-
pleasant differences and difficulties, as well between
States as individuals. If Texas is to be brought
into the Union, upon what terms is.it to be done?
Is it to be a free or a slave territory? or is it to be
subject to the operation of the Missouri compromise
within similar limits? The honorable chairman to
whom 1 have just alluded, in a paper put forth by
him last summer, said, in his classic language, that
annexation would be the euthanasia of slavery, the
easy death of that institution.
Is that the object, then, of those who advocate his
plan? Do they intend, after carrying the measure
for annexation, without anything being said upon
slavery, to oppose the admission of any slave State
into the Union, formed out of that territory? Is this
the object and design? If so, why not avow it?
And, if not, why not say at once what part shall be
admitted as States with slavery, if the people so
choose? Why leave it an open question? My rea-
son for wishing it settled in the beginning, and for
opposing any and all measures and plans which
leave it unsettled, I do not hesitate to make known.
1 fear the excitement growing out of the agitation of
the question hereafter may endanger the harmony
and even existence of our present Union. Suppose
this measure should pass—I mean the plan proposed
by the Committee on Foreign Affairs—and Texas
shortly hereafter shall apply for admission as a
State into the Union, and the restrictions proposed
for Missouri shall be imposed upon her: can any
one be so blind as not to know what would be the
result, or so infatuated as not to regard the conse-
quences? If so, I confess it is not the case wTith my-
self. I have an ardent attachment for this Union.
Upon its existence and continuance, our prosperity,
happiness, and safety, depend. And patriotism—
true patriotism—which, as I understand that term,
means love of one's own country above all others—
compels me to declare that, as much as I feel for the
interests and welfare of the people of Texas,
I feel much more for the interests and wel-
fare of the people of this country; and as much
as I admire the lustre of the "lone star," as
some gentlemen have been pleased to designate
our neighboring-reoublic, 1 feel rmir.h greater admi-
ration tor the brigh' galaxy of lie twenty-six bril-
liant stars of our own glorious constellation; and
rather than see her shooting irregularly from her
place, producing disorder and confusion in our well-
balanced system, I should greatly prefer to let her
"beam on" with increasing splendor, as a fixed star
in the political firmament. Though she might never
reach the first magnitude, yet her position would
ever render her conspicuous amongst the nations of
the earth.
But if gentlemen from the North are sincere in
their professions—if they consider the annexation of
Texas a great national question—if our own greatness
and glory are to be increased thereby, and our own
union and harmony are not to be disturbed—if they
are disposed to abide by the compromise established
at the admission of Missouri, by which alone that
harmony can be preserved, let them say so now,
and leave no door open for future disputation, dis-
sension, and strife. I speak plainly, and wish to
be understood. I want to see no Grecian arts prac-
tised upon the South, or upon this country; and I
want to see no huge "wooden horse" brought with-
in the walls of this confederacy, under the feigned
auspices of any false divinity.
And now I must ask to be indulged in saying
something upon the official correspondence connect-
ed with this subject, which, though it does not re-
late directly to the merits of the question, yet never-
theless is closely connected therewith. Against
that correspondence, its spirit, its principles and doc-
trines, I protest. It has placed the annexation of
Texas upon the grounds of its being necessary to
strengthen the institution of slavery in the States;
and for this object, and with this view, this govern-
ment, is called upon to act and legislate in the case.
My objection is, that the general government
has no power to legislate for any such purpose. It
I understand the nature of this government, and the
ground always heretofore occupied by the South
upon this subject, it is, that slavery is peculiarly a
domestic institution. It is a matter that, concerns
