314
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
Jan. 1845.
28th Cong 2d Sess.
Annexation of Texas—Mr. Marsh.
H. of Reps.
upon final shipment. All this is inconvenient, and
will continue to increase. Arid the history of the
world shows the necessity, for the peace and quiet of
a country, that the navigation of waters should be
free and equal to those who live upon their borders.
The people of the western country, on the upper
Mississippi and its branches, felt the difficulties at-
tending a contrary state of things when Spain held
the mouth of that noble stream. Our commerce,
upon arriving at New Orleans, was subject to oner-
ous restrictions; difficulties threatening the peace of
this country were the result; and to avoid them,
was perhaps the controlling reason with Mr. Jeffer-
son for the acquisition of Louisiana. To avoid
similar ones between this government and the peo-
ple of that section to which I have alluded, it is im-
portant that it should be brought into this Union.
Again: I am in favor of it because it will afford
an outlet, a retreat, for our accumulating population.
It will open a new field for the pioneer. Our peo-
ple are disposed to roam. They like new countries
and new lands; and there they will have opened up
a great southwest within our own country, to which
the tide of emigration may flow—to which our peo-
ple may go for the purpose of gain, adventure, and
enterprise, carrying with them their customs, their
habits, their laws, and "household gods," without
incurring the liability of expatriation, or forfeiting
the inestimable rights and privileges of being Amer-
ican citizens.
With this question is also to be decided another
and a greater one; which is, whether the limits of
this republic are ever to be enlarged? This is an im-
portant step in settling the principle of our future
extension. Nor do I concur with gentlemen who
seem to apprehend so much danger from that quar-
ter. We were the other day reminded by the gen-
tleman from Vermont [Mr. Collamer] of the
growth of the Roman empire, which went on in-
creasing and enlarging until it became unwieldy, and
fell of its own weight; and of the present extent of
England, stretching to all sections of the world, go\ -
ermng one-sixth of the human family, and which is
now hardly able to keep together its extensive parts.
But there is a wide difference between these cases.
Rome extended her dominions by conquests. She
made the rude inhabitants of her provinces subjects
and slaves. She compelled them to bear the yoke;
jiigurn sitbire was the requisition of her chieftains;
and none who were overcome by her arms could
escape the ignominy. England extends her domin-
ion and power upon a different principle. Hers is
the principle of colonization. Her distant provinces
and dependencies are subject to her laws, but are
deprived of the rights of representation. But with
us a new system has commenced, suited to and
characteristic of the age. It is, if you please, the
system of a confederation of States, or a republic
formed by the union of the people of separate inde-
pendent States or communities, yielding so much of
the national character or sovereign powers as are
necessary for national and foreign purposes, and re-
taining all others for local and domestic objects to
themselves separately and severally. And who
- shall undertake to say to what extent this system
may not go? Mr. Madison laid down the rule, in
■ speaking of our system, which he called the "basis
of unmixed and extensive republics," that the "nat-
ural limit" to which it may go is "that distance from
the centre which will barely allow the representa-
tives of the people to meet as often as may be ne-
cessary for the administration of public affairs."
And upon this rule, in consideration of the improve-
ments of the age, the facilities of travel and the
transmission of intelligence, who can say that this
entire continent is too wide and extensive?
The distance from this place to Oiegon and Cali-
fornia, in a few years, will be travelled in as short
a time as it was to Georgia when Mr. Madison
wrote. Then it required from twenty to thirty days
for a representative from that State, our extreme
southwest at that time, to come to the seat of gov-
ernment; and now the same distance is performed
in three days. And representatives from Louisiana,
five or six hundred miles the ether side, now require
less than half the tune then required by those from
Georgia, to come from their remote districts. And
who can tell what improvements for the speed of
travel are yet in store? New elements in nature are
being daily brought into subserviency to man.
When Mr. Madison penned the remarks I have
quoted, in 1787, the power of steam was unknown,
and other agencies now used were not dreamed of.
Then it would have required a whole day to have
got news from this place—not this city, for there
was none here then; now it requires but an instant,
as quick as thought or lightning; and, with com-
paratively a small amount of funds, the same facili-
ties could be extended to Boston, Cincinnati, and
New Orleans, or even to Astoria, upon the Pacific.
We live, sir, not only in a new hemisphere, but,
indeed, in a new age; and we have, started a new
system of government, as new and as different from
those of the Old World as the Baconian system of
philosophy was novel and different from the Aris-
totlcan, and destined, perhaps, to produce quite as
great a revolution in the moral and political world as
his did m the scientific. Ours is the true American
system, and, though it is still regarded by some as
an experiment, yet, so far, it has succeeded beyond
the expectations of many of its best friends. And
who is prepared now to rise up and say, "Thus far
shall it go, but no farther?"
But I am in favor of this measure for another
reason. It is, as the honorable chairman of the
Committee on Foreign Affairs said in his opening
speech, in our sense and in our view, a sectional
question—a southern question. It will not promote
our pecuniary interests, but it will give us political
weight and importance; and to this view I am not
insensible. And though I have a patriotism that
embraces, I trust, all parts of the Union, and which
causes me to rejoice to see all prosperous and hap-
py; and though I believe I am free from the influ-
ence of unjust prejudices and jealousies towards any
part or section, yet I must confess that my feelings of
attachment are most ardent towards that with which
all my interests and associations are identified.
And is it not natural and excusable that they should
be? The South is my home—my father land.
There sleep the ashes of my sire and grandsires;
there are my hopes and prospects; with her my for-
tunes are cast; her fate is my fate, and her destiny
my destiny. Nor do I wish "to hoax" gentlemen
from other sections on this point, as some have in-
timated. I am candid and frank in my acknowl-
edgement. This acquisition will give additional
power to the southwestern section in the national
councils; and for this purpose 1 want it—not that I
am desirous to see an extension of the "area of
slavery," as some gentlemen have said its effects
would be. I am no defender of slavery in the ab-
stract. Liberty always had charms for me, and
I would rejoice to see all the sons of Ad,am's
family, in every land and clime, in the enjoy-
ment of those rights which are set forth in our
declaration of independence as "natural and in-
alienable," if a stern necessity, bearing the marks
and impress of the hand of the Creator him-
self, did not, ill some cases, interpose and pre-
vent. Such is the case with the States where
slavery now exists. But I have no wish to see it
extended to other countries; and if the annexation
of Texas were for the sole purpose of extending
slavery where it does not now and would not other-
wise exist, I should oppose it. This is not its ob-
ject, nor will it be its effect. Slavery already exists
in Texas, and will continue to exist there. The
same necessity that prevails in the. southern States
prevails there, and will prevail wherever the Anglo-
Saxon and African race are blended in the same
proportions. It matters not, so far as this institu-
tion is concerned, whether Texas be in the Union
or out of it. That, therefore, is not my object; but
it is the political advantages it will secure, preserv-
ing a proper balance between the different sections
of the country. This is my object; and is it not
proper and right?
If we look around, we see the East, by her econ-
omy, her industry, and enterprise, fey her com-
merce, navigation, and mechanic arts, growing opu-
lent, strong, and powerful. The West, which a
few years ago was nothing but an unbroken wilder-
ness, embracing the broad and fertile valley of the
Mississippi, where the voice of civilization was
never heard, is now teeming with its millions of
population. The tide of emigration, still rolling in
that direction, has already reached the base of the
Rocky mountains, and will soon break over those
lofty barriers and be diffused in the extensive plains
of Oregon. Already the West vies for the as-
cendency on this floor; and why should not the
South also be advancing? Are her limits never to
be enlarged, and her influence and power never to
be increased? Is she to be left behind in this race
for distinction and aggrandizement, if you please?
As one of her sons, I say no. Let her, too, enter
the glorious rivalship; not with feelings of strife,
jealousy, or envy—such sentiments are not charac-
teristic of her people—but with aspirations prompted
by the spirit of a laudable emulation and an hon-
orable ambition.
SPEECH OF MR. MARSH,
of vermont,
In the House of Rep)-csentative$, January 20, 1845—
On the question of annexation of Texas.
Mr. Chairman: It is a remarkable feature of the
debate in which we are engaged, that while we have
abundance of argument, or,rather apology for argu-
ment, in support, of the power of Congress to annex
a foreign State by legislation, the advocates of the
measure seem, in general, quite reluctant to enter
its merits as a question of expediency. I have
waited for some days in anxious expectation that
the zealous friends of annexation would state fully
the arguments in its favor. It is quite obvious that
there is some deep and controlling motive for thus
urging the precipitate action of Congress on this ap-
peal to the popular branch from the solemn judg-
ment of the Senate, in a matter emphatically within
its proper cognizar#es. But, for some unexplained
reason, it is not thought proper to declare this par-
. ticular motive, or to intrust the House and the na-
tion with the entire argument in favor of the consol-
idation of these two independent sovereignties.
Some obscure hints we have had in the course of
the debate, and in an another place a'pretty full de-
velopment of no doubt the most cogent and persua-
sive reasons for the measure, but, with the brilliant
exception of the eloquent gentleman from South
Carolina [Mr. Holmes] and one or two others, the
gentleman who have supported it have trodden
very gingerly while passing over this branch of the
subjeet.
The gentleman from Alabama, [Mr. Yancey,] to
whose ability and eloquence I am disposed to ren-
der full justice, gave us the other day a sample of
the sort of argumentation which relied upon as ef-
fectual in constraining the support of southern gen-
tlemen who might otherwise be disposed to act
from higher impulses than a spirit of deference to
local dictation; and the Globe has declared that, while
the northern democracy should be tenderly handled,
in discussing both this great subject and that of the
tariff, the recreant southerner who indicated a disposi-
tion to emancipate himself from the influence of sec-
tional views on these subjects should be frightened
back into his propriety by the terrors of public denun-
ciation as a renegade and a traitor. A distinguished
southerner once boasted that the South ruled us of the
North by means of our own "white slaves," and the
action of some northern members of Congress in the
Missouri controversy gave too much countenance to
the truth of this gasconade. According to the decree of
the Globe, the experiment of dragooning, which is
alleged to have been successful with the North, is
now to be tried upon the recusant portion of the
South, while the doubtful northern States are to be
cajoled into the admission of Texas and the aban-
donment of the protective policy by fair speeches
and honeyed words. The result of this interesting
experiment in practical politics we shall soon see;
and it will be a curious speculation to learn whether
it be easier to coax a northerner or to coerce a
Southron.
The eloquent gentleman from Alabama, however,
did not follow the precise line now recommended by
the Globe. He was, indeed, sufficiently liberal in
his denunciations of his faithless brethren, but was
not altogether complimentary to us of the North.
He informed us that the southern master ruled his
slave by divine appointment; and, from the views
he expressed of the superior qualifications of south-
ern men for all official stations, as contrasted with
our humbler pretensions, he allowed us to draw the
inference that he held the South to be also divinely
entitled to dictate law to our inferior natures. We
of the North entertain a hereditary jealousy of all
who claim to rule by divine right. Divine right is
the alleged foundation of the authority of all des-
pots; and if you consult the image and superscrip-
tion of ihe coin of Henry VIII, or of Charles II,
you will find that even those blood-stained and prof-
ligate tyrants claimed to reign "by the grace of
God." But if we may rely on the authority of cer-
tain notes appended to the newspaper reports of the
gentleman's remarks, he intended, had he not been
arrested by the expiration of his hour, to give us a
■per contra statement of the manifold humbler virtues
and excellences of the people of the North. There
is something odd—almost ominous— the frequent
