Jan. 1845.
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
sir
28th Cong 2d Sess.
Annexation of Texas—Mr. Marsh.
H. of Reps,
Texas would serve only as a temporary relief from
the evils with which the multiplication of the blacks
threatens the slaveholding States. It but postpones
the catastrophe; and if in sixty years the slaves of
the South are likely to prove too strong for their
masters, they may be expected to become too pow-
erful in Texas also in the course of a century. The
conclusion, however, which we of .the North draw
from the facts alluded to by the gentleman, is not
that this evil should be rendered temporarily less
dangerous by expansion, but that the South should
take measures for its extirpation while emancipation
is yet possible.
The duties of the North to the South are deter-
mined by the relations in which they stand to each
other under the federal constitution; and there are
two phrases, of very frequent use in all the discus-
sions of this topic, whose true interpretation it is
very material to determine. These aie, "the com-
prises of the constitution," and "the guaranties of
the constitution." These phrases are frequently
used as synonymous, and very often obviously
without any distinct notion of the true signification
of either. What, then, is the distinction between
them, and what are the compromises, and what the
guaranties of the constitution.'
The distinction I apprehend to be this: The com-
promises are matter of history—a question of fact.
The guaranties are a question of construction—mat-
ter of law.
In regard to the question of fact, the history, na-
ture, and consideration of the mutual concessions
between the different parties to the national compact,
it is singular that little evidence exists.
The reports of the debates in the convention are
very meagre; the Federalist handles the subject
briefly, and, indeed, the piincipal actors in the mat-
ter appear throughout to have walked as if among
eggs, while passing over this difficult ground. But
what is the nature of a compromise? It is defined
to be "an agreement between parties in controversy
to settle their differences by mutual concessions;"
or, in other words, it is the surrender of a right, or
the concession of a privilege, to one party, in con-
sideration of some advantage to the other party. If,
then, there was in fact any compromise between the
North and the South, it must have been upon the
ground of an advantage conceded to one party upon
the yielding of an equivalent by that party in return.
The advantage conceded to the South is the dis-
proportionate representation in this House. This
appears on the face of the constitution. But, in re-
turn for this constant advantage, the only consider-
ation expressed is the occasional liability of the
South to a corresponding late of taxation. Was
this, then, the true and only consideration; and, if
so, was it a mere naked agreement to set off an in-
creased ratio of representation against that particu-
lar species of taxation, or was it ihe adoption of a
principle, of which the particular case, being the
the only one then actually existing, was specified by
way of exemplification.
It has been often inconsiderately asserted that the
disproportionate weight allowed to the southern
Stales in the House was balanced by the equal rep-
resentation of the smaller States in the Senate. This
is a very obvious error,'but Us importance will jus-
tify a short examination. The equal representation
in the Senate is the natnrul and necessary conse-
quence of the independence and sovereignty of the
several States. At the formation of the constitu-
tion all the States were not only independent of each
other, but sovereign. The Senate is composed of
the representatives of the States in their sovereign
capacity. Between powers, each supreme in itself,
there can be no inequality: and if any other basis of
representation had been assumed, then the Senate
would have been no longer the assembly of the
States, but the representation of numbers, or proper-
ty, or both.
But if this equality is to he treated as a concession,
'ivrWaS not' at any raLe> a compfcmise between the
North and South, but between the great States and
the small. The small States, being sovereign, were
piimu facie entitled to equal weight in the national
legislature. The large States claimed a voice pro-
portioned to their wealth and population. How-
was this difficulty to be reconciled? Obviously by
the adoption of a double system, combining in the
Senate the representation of sovereignties, and in
the House the representation of numbers or wealth.
Andfhis is the true origin of the form and constitu-
tion of our national legislature. This is the great
Mid only perpetual compromise of the constitution.
This, and hot a blind and habitual reverence for the
forms of British legislation, is the true reason of the
division of the legislative power into two branches.
Being, then, a compromise between the larger and
the smaller States, it was not at the same time a com-
promise between the North and the South, as a ref-
erence to the first census will show. For, of the
six larger States, three were northern and three
were southern. The smaller States were also equal-
ly divided: Maryland, the thirteenth, being a mid-
dle term, both in numbers and position. Does, then,
the constitution contain any compromise between
the North and the South? Unquestionably it does;
and it is this: that the South should be allowed a lar-
ger ratio of representation, in consideration of the
assumption of a larger proportion of the public bur-
dens, when direct taxation should be necessary.
Where there is nothing at issue between the parties,
no supposed conflict of rights, there can be no com-
promise. What, then, was the point of dispute be-
tween the North and the South? Simply this: Shall
property have a representation in the national legis-
lature? At the time of the adoption of the constitu-
tion, although the principal trading towns were at
the North, yet the actual convertible wealth of the
South, including slaves, was supposed to be greater
than that of the North. This, then, is the compro-
mise, and the only compromise, between the North
and the South. In consideration that the southern
States would treat the slaves as persons, for the pur-
pose of taxation, the northern States agreed that
they should be treated as persons for the purpose of
representation. It is an admission of the principle
of a pioperty representations concession by the in-
digent North to the affluent South.
Candor obliges me to admit that there is great
force in the argument used by the slaveholding
States, that if numbers alone were to be the basis
of representation, the slaves ought to be counted.
You at the North, said they, exercise the right of
determining who shall enjoy the franchises of free-
men. You require various qualifications, such a3 a
term of residence, and, in some cases, a stipulated
amount of property, and you insist that white per-
sons, excluded from all political rights, shall be enu-
merated. Why not, with equal propriety, count
our slaves, to whom, by the same sovereign author-
ity which you exercise, we deny political rights?
1 repeat, sir, there is, or rather, before the general
adoption of the principle of universal suffrage by the
northern States, there was, great force in this argu-
ment. But, though forcible, it is not unanswerable;
and among the counter arguments by which it may be
met are these: The legislation of the South deprives
the slaves not only of political rights, but of all the
personal rights ofhumanity. You deny them the at-
tribute of pei sonahty altogether. You make them
not persons but things. It does not, then, lio in
your mouths to say that for the purposes of govern-
ment, and that not merely of the States where they
reside, but of those where they do not, the slaves
should be treated as entitled to political rights. On
the other hand, our exclusion of certain persons
from the enjoyment of political franchises rests on a
different foundation. The slave, with you, is es-
sentially destitute of the character of a citizen, and
can, neither by his own act, by that of another, nor
by the favor of fortune, acquire that character. You
may enact laws to restrain the master from maim-
ing him or taking his life; but these laws give him
no rights, for he cannot enforce them, and they
are analogous to laws for the prevention of cruelty
to brutes. The slave, then, cannot be recognised
by your government as any thing but a chattel,
because he has, by your laws, absolutely no rela-
tions to government. He is not a member of the
body politic. The persons excluded by us are ex-
cluded for the want of certain acquirable accidents.
The exclusion of the slave is absolute and perpetu-
al—that of the non-qualified white is limited and
temporary. The slave is forever disfranchised by
inherent and irremovable disqualifications—the
right ofthe non-qualified white is merely suspended.
The force of this reasoning is virtually admitted by
many of the southern States, which apportion the
members of their own legislatures upon the basis of
a representation of whites onlv.
Again, then, sir, the only compromise of the con-
stitution between the North and the South is that
wherebi
to the si
ation assumed by them.
It is asserted by the South that this compromise
is, in its nature, perpetual and sacred; and,' more-
over, it is insisted that its perpetuity is secured by
the constitution. And this bring? me to the remain-
by disproportionate representation is granted
slaveholding States and disproportionate tax-
ing point, which is, What are the guaranties in
that instrument?
I shall first consider whether this constitutional
compromise is in its nature perpetual, and then ex-
amine the constitution, and see whether I can find
there any guaranty of its perpetuity.
It is a rule, both of positive law and ethics, that
in all contracts there must be a consideration;
and if both the contract and the consideration be in
their nature continuing, and there be neither words
nor perpetuity nor of limitation in time, the unfore-
seen failure of a consideration, which both parties
expected to be as durable as the contract itself, will,
in general, absolve the party from the obligation of
the contract. Now, the true nature of this contract
was the admission of the principle of a property
representation. When it was entered into the
South was superior in wealth, estimating the slaves
as property; and of course, so long as slavery con-
tinued, it was thought that the South would always
bear a heavier proportional share of taxation. Cir-
cumstances, however, are now changed. The in-
dustry and enterprise of the North have drawn to
her a larger share of wealth. The vine of our
prosperity has thriven while you have slept; and
were the principle of the taxation and representa-
tion of wealth, which you contended for and we
conceded to you, now fairly carried out, we should
have a greatly increased proportion of constant rep-
resentation as well as occasional taxation. The
reasons upon which you were allowed an advantage
in apportionment no longer exist, and cessante ratv-
one, cessat et ipsa lex. The compromise, then, is
not in its nature perpetual, and therefore the expe-
diency of revoking it is lawful matter of inquiry,
and of course of petition; though, for reasons which
I shall give hereafter, its actual revocation, without
the free assent ofthe South, is at present, or within
any reasonable period of computation, impossible.
Whether you will give that assent is a question for
yourselves; but I confess my expectations of so de-
sirable an event are not very sanguine.
But it is contended that the perpetuity of the com-
promise is secured by the terms of the constitution,
upon a fair construction, and I am now to inquire
whether that compact does guaranty that perpetui-
ty. Most unequivocally it does not; and this is a
point of cardinal importance in the argument I am
considering. What are called the machinations of
the abolitionists are aimed at three objects—the ab-
olition of slavery in the District of Columbia; the
suppression of the slave trade between the States;
and an amendment of the constitution which shall
apportion southern representation in this House
upon a free basis. If, then, it can be shown that the
privileges, permanently guarantied to the South by
the constitution, are in no danger from these mach-
inations, then the argument from necessity falls to
the ground. Again, then, proceeding with my ar-
gument, is the inequality of southern representation
permanently secured by the guaranties of the consti-
tution? For if not, then the attempt to amend the
constitution in this particular is no infringement of
southern rights. The North may lawfully request
a surrender of this southern privilege, and the action
of States or parties with that view is no sufficient
reason for asking us to strengthen the South, so
that it may be able to resist such amendment. The
only express guaranties bearing upon the question
of slavery are—
Art. I. Sec. 9 That the slave trade should not be
prohibited by Congress before 1808.
Art. IV. Sec. 2. Securing the right of recapture
of fugitive slaves.
Art. V. That the restriction upon the power of
Congress to prohibit the slave trade, (first clause of
art. i, sec. 9.) and the provision for the imposition of
taxes according to the basis of representation,"
(fourth clause of art. I, sec. 9,) should not be af-
fected by any amendments to be made before 1808.
In all this the most zealous champion of southern
privileges will not contend that he finds any guar-
anty of the perpetuity of the inequality conceded by
the constitution. In fact, the only stipulation in
that compact expressly made unalterable is that
whereby the equal representation of the smaller
States in the Senate is secuied. But when, on the
other hand, we find a provision for amending the
constitution, by the assent of three-fourths of the
States, un'imited in its terms, except as to the
equality in the Senate, and controlled only by the
restriction which expired in 1808, there can be no
doubt that this whole subject of the compromise is
as open to amendment as any other constitutional
provision.
