318
APPENDIX T*0 THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOfrE.
Ian. 1845.
28th Cong 2d Skss.
Annexation of Texas—Mr. Marsh.
H. of Reps.
But, Mr. Chairman, I go further than this. You
are aware, sir, that at the time of the adoption of the'
constitution, the wise and good of the South, as well
as the North, regarded slavery as both an evil and a
wrong, and lookeii forward to its entire extinction
at no very distant day. Couple this notorious fact
with the limitations expiring in 1808, and particu-
larly the peculiar character of the guaranty respect-
ing taxation, and -what are we authorized to con-
clude with the tacit understanding of the framers of
the eonstitution on this subject? Let us look a little
more narrowly at this last restriction. For whose
benefit was it inserted? Unquestionably for the ben-
efit of the North. Its object was to secure the peo-
ple of those States in the en joyment of a lower ratio
of taxation, until the South should be prepared to
begin the work of emancipation. If the South was
to enjoy a perpetual advantage in the way of repre-
sentation, why did the North secure to itself the cor-
responding advantage in respect to taxation, for the
short period of only twenty years? Sir, the conclu-
sion is irresistible, that both the North and the
South looked forward to the year 1808 as the com-
mencement of a new era, when those glorious words
of our declaration of independence were to be indeed
something more than a "a hollow abstraction," and
when we were to show, by our works, our faith in
the great, doctrine, "that all men are created equal,
and endowed with certain unalienable rights, among
which are life, liberty, and the pursuit of happi-
ness."
] do not, indeed, expect that this argument will be
admitted by southern gentlemen as conclusive; but I
think all candid men will allow tfrat it is not without
force—plausibility, at least—and that a northern
man may honestly hold it to be satisfactory. For
my own part, I do not hesitate to profess, before
God and man, my own sincere conviction of its
truth. If, then, we honestly, and with probable
cause, believe that you are thus pledged to the abo-
lition of slavery, and the surrender of your unequal
advantage, we have clearly the right to ask of you,
in temperate language, the redemption of this pledge,
and to use all such fair arguments and persuasions
as we think fitted to induce you to do so. Thus
far, then, the guaranties of the constitution are in no
danger from the action of abolitionists.
But, sir, as I have already hinted, a word will
suffice to show that the people of the South are un-
necessarily alarmed, and that not only their consti-
tutional, but their assumed privileges are in little
danger from any source, unless it be from a change
of opinion among themselves. The power is virtu-
ally in their own hands. Even the great and vener-
able champion of human rights, who leads the vari
of the supporters of the right of petition on this
floor, has declared that he is not prepared to vote
for the abolition of slavery in the District of Colum-
bia; and the probability that a majority of Congress
will be found convinced, both of their power to grant
the prayer of those who petition for that object, and
of the expediency and justice of its exercise, against
not only the known wishes of the unrepresented
people of the District, but the unanimous protesta-
tion of the South, is indeed too remote to be a le-
gitimate cause of alarm to the most anxious south-
erner.
The power of Congress to abolish the internal
slave-trade is so very questionable, so delicate, and
so difficult to enforce, that there is no prospect of its
exercise ever being seriously attempted; and as to
the great question of the change in the ratio of rep-
resentation, the power is absolutely in the hands of
the South; and we of the North appeal on this ques-
tion not to our own strength, but lo your sense of
justice.
The constitution can be amended only by the as-
' sent of three-fourths of the States The present
number of slaveholding States is thirteen. To ob-
tain, then, the constitutional majority of the States,
unless you surrender the question, we must wait un-
til the free Stales shall increase from their present
number of thirteen to thirty-nine. Within what pe-
riod will this be accomplished? The firmest believer
in the prepetuity of our institutions scarcely dares
to look forward to so distant a futtue as this.
This, sir, is all I think it worth while to say on
that part of the subject whu h seemed to me most to
require further discussion; ;md now a word on tne
moral bearings of the question. Gentlemen of the
South, who participate in debates involving the dis-
cussion of these topici, are somewhat lavish of
epithets, and indulge pretty fieely in personalities.
They have stigmatized the people of the North, as
}1 whole, and in terms broad enough to include evgry
member of this House who advocates the right of
Eetition, as abolitionists, fanatics, incendiaries. If
y the first of these terms gentlemen mean that the
North, and its representatives here, both desire and
hope the ultimate abolition of slavery, the charge is
just; but if by this, and the other harsher terms,
they mean to accuse us of a fixed design to accom-
plish this object by illegal, unconstiutional, or im-
moral means, or even by making it a political test,
they do us great injustice. They charge us with
having confederated, in a common league, against
both the interests and the rights of the South, and
with entertaining a settled purpose of violating a
solemn compact, by which not only federal rights,
but those involved in the sovereignty of the States,
were formally secured, and even with instigating a
sefvile war. Before gentlemen made these charges
they should have remembered that there is not a
political abolitionist on this floor. I repeat, sir, that,
with the exception of some of the majority, who
owe their seats to the indirect aid of the liberty par-
ty, there is not a member on this floor elected by the
votes of abolitionists; and probably not one in
whose election that party was even neutral.
Sir, we come here not as the tools of those who
are prepared to trample on the constitution, but in
spite, of them. "We are its defenders, not its as-
sailants. We neither seek nor desire to infringe
upon your constitutional privileges, or to interfere
with your domestic policy. Within the limits to
which the original compromise extended we are
content to leave the continuance or abolition of
slavery to the operation of natural causes and the
wisdom of Providence; but we can make no sac-
rifices of national honor or private principle for its
extension or perpetuation. That there is a great
degree of excitement on this topic 1 shall not deny.
Men who contend for principle are always enthu-
siasts. But if this excitement partakes of the char-
acter of overheated zeal, southern gentlemen have
themselves to thank for it. Instead of entrenching
themselves behind the bulwarks of the constitution,
and the rights inherent in the States, in virtue of
their sovereignty, they have chosen to put them-
selves in the wrong by denying us the exercise of a
right "inestimable to freemen, and formidable only
to tyrants," and the effect of this impolitic step they
have now before them.
The conduct of the South upon this whole mat-
ter is far from being characterized by the discretion
which has marked their action in regard to their
other great interests,. There is a feverish restless-
ness in relation to slavery which seems to indicate a
lurking consciousness that they are in the wrong on
this great question of the age, where they are op-
posed to the main body of their own countrymen,
and not to them only, but to all Christendom, and
the whole civilized world; not to this world only,
but, as I firmly believe, to the universal empire of
that just and impartial God who created all men in
his own image, and therefore free and equal.
Because northern gentlemen insist upon the sacred
right of petition, the right of the worm to turn when
it is trodden upon, they are charged with a reckless
hatred of the South and its institutions. Sir, men
truly hate only those whom they fear, and those
whom they have wronged.' To the South we say:
We tremble not at your menaces; we have done you
no wrong.
The North has been charged with ignorance of
the true character of the servile relation, and of
blindness to the palpable and invincible obstacles
which are alleged by southern gentlemen to oppose
themselves to abolition, present or prospective. It
lies in the very nature of things that this charge
should be in some degree true. Nothing but per-
sonal observation can teach the extent either of the
evils of slavery or of the difficulties which impede
the abolition of this, as of all other rooted and gen-
eral abuses. Indeed, I have never met with an abo-
litionist, however zealous, who pretended that he
could see his way altogether clear on this subject.
There is, Mr. Chairman, no general disposition
in the North to dictate to the South on this subject
of emancipation. We hope you will be convinced
of the expediency and duty of ultimate abolition.,
and will, in a reasonable time, redeem your implied
pledges to that effect, and we are content to leave to
you the mode, and, I had almost said, the terms.
I cannot forbear to suggest to southern gentlemen,
in this connection, one mode by which they may
both pacify the North, and retain and even increase
their relative weight in the House of Representatives.
Remove what an honorable member has called in an-
other place the bugbear of slavery, and the current
of emigration will set in a new direction. The North
has always been an officina gentium, and every year
throws offanewswarm of enterprising and industrious
adventurers. To them no more powerful attractions
could be presented than themountainsand the valleys
of the sunny South, if, like their own snow-topped
hills and verdant dells, they were but the abode of
the "mountain nymph, sweet liberty." The nat-
ural advantages pf the southern portion of the Union
are unquestionably unrivalled upon the face of the
earth, and they need only to be developed by the
energies of free hands, guided by free heads, to ena-
ble those States to give laws, not to this Union only,
but to the world.
But in regard to this charge of ignorance and pas-
sion, I will, in all seriousness, suggest to southern
gentlemen a measure, .which I honestly believe
would do much, very much, towards dispelling those
clouds of ignorance, and calming whatever exists of
feverish passion. Let candid and intelligent men
from the slaveholding States visit the North, and
call meetings of all political parties to hear this sub-
ject discussed. I can confidently predict that the
most zealous advocate, even of slavery itself, who
should address tl e people of the North on this sub-
ject, in decent and respectful language, would not only
be attentively listened to, but civilly and even kindly
treated. Instead of being lynched, as any of the
supporters of the right of petition would be at the
South, he would be feasted and caressed; and fana-
tics, incendiaries as we are, there is not on this floor
a northern gentleman who would not shed the last
drop of his blood in defending a southerner
against any who should assail him for maintaining
the rights and interests of hig own State, in such lan-
guage as becomes a freeman and a gentleman. Speak
to the people of the North, as that heroic young
member from North Carolina [Mr. Clingman] last
year addressed this House, with the simple elo-
quence of honest conviction, and though you may
fail to convince, though you may shock their preju-
dices, yet you will win their respect, their sympa-
thy, and their confidence. I shall not venture to
predict that their opinions would be changed by the
course I advise; probably they might even be con-
firmed; but all feelings of undue asperity, all dispo-
sition to assail you with any other weapons than
those of reason, if such exist, would be allayed; the
North and the South would come to a better under-
standing, and this most difficult subject would as-
sume the new shape of a question submitted to the
jurisdiction of conscience and of reason.
The opinions I have expressed in regard to the
permanence of domestic slavery, are not only the
present opinions of the North, and the ancient opin-
ions of your people, but they were, within a very
recent period, the opinions of the best minds of the
South. Not many years since several of your States
were almost persuaded to rid themselves of this
great burden, and many of you now assign the heat-
ed zeal and intemperate action of northern fanatics
as a reason why they did not go on in the good
work they had begun. I fear this is but too true;
and if so, they whose rash interference has occasion-
ed so deplorable a result must share with you the
responsibility of the continuance of this evil.
But generous men will admit that there is some
provocation for this zeal, in the notorious facts,
somewhat boastfully alluded to by the gentleman
from Alabama, that, small as your population is,
you have, virtually ruled the nation, and monopo-
lized the great offices in every department of the
government; and the further fact, that, by direct
appropriation, defalcation, and the Florida war—
the real motive of which was the defence of your
"peculiar institution"—you have drawn from the
national treasury uncounted millions beyond what
your population, your proper wants, or your con-
tributions to the public resources, would entitle you
to.
God forbid that I should recapitulate these causes
of complaint for the purpose of justifying, still less
of promoting, a* fanaticism which I heartily con-
demn; and it will not be out of place if I here say a
Word upon the origin and character of the anti-
slavery part) . The feeling upon which it is built
originated ill the southern monopoly of office to
which I have alluded; in the supposed hosulity of
the South to a course of policy first forced upon us
by that section, but now indispensable to our pros-
perity, in a conscientious belief that slavery is, both
morally and economically, a wrong and an evil.
The excitement thus produced has been a^ravated
and inflamed by the denial of the right of petition,
, by the abuses of the Florida war, by the fierce d«->
