320
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
Peb. 1845.
28th Cong 2d Sess.
French Spoliations—Mr. Archer.
Senate."
der what allegation were these depredations com-
mitted? Under the allegation that she was justified
in doing so, because we had first forgotten the obli-
gations which we owed to her; and also on a princi-
ple of public law in relation to her enemy, Great
Britain.
In this state of things, the government of the
United States considered, whether rightfully or not,
that such had been the conduct of France towards
the United States that our government stood justi-
fied in abrogating the treaty of guaranty; and now,
if any gentleman had listened—as it had been his
(Mr. Archer's) duty and pleasure to listen—to the
whole progress of the argument of the honorable
senator from South Carolina, in what would the
whole force of that argument make this matter re-
sult' Not in the fact that these treaties of guaranty
did not impose upon us the highest form of obliga-
tion, but that we, by an act of Congress of 1798,
had declared them null and void.
As two parties were necessary to make a bargain,
so two were necessary to dissolve it. We said that
the treaties were void. What did the government
of France say? That they were not void. They
insisted upon the guaranty which we attempted to
withdraw from them by our act of 1798; and this
the honorable senator chose to consider as a disso-
lution of the treaty of guaranty. Suppose, farther,
one party in a contract of guaranty could dissolve
that contract, and afterwards, by a renewal of ne-
gotiation, that same party chose to reinstate those
obligations: did the former declaration annul them?
He desired to know of the honorable senator from
South Carolina which, in that event, was to stand—
the treaty repudiated by one, or the recognition af-
terwards, by both parties, of the 'validity of that
treaty of guaranty 'which they had mutually enter-
ed into?
But the honorable senator said that war had dis-
solved those obligations on both sides. War? War
with Prance? All he had to say was, that a war be-
tween France and the United States was not a fact
recognised by history, but a discovery of the hon-
orabie gentleman's own; that we must not look for it
in history, but in the penetration of the honorable
senator. Was there any declaration of war on
either side? What makes war? France had com-
commenced capturing our vessels. Reprisal
were authorized by the government of the
United States; and was it necessary for him
to state to the honorable senator from South Car-
olina, that the mere issue of letters of marque
and reprisal does not constitute a case of war? There-
fore there was no war. But if there had been war,
was it, by the laws of nations, an extinguishment of
all claims? He asked whether the subsequent re-
cognition of those claims would not even in that
case set them up? What was the proof of this sub-
sequent recognition? He believed that, in the
course of a very long legislative experience in the
other House, as well as in this, this was the very
first time he ever read one word of quotation in the
course of all the speeches which he had made in the
two bodies of Congress; but a book had been
placed in his hands for application to this case, an
extract from which it was his duty to submit to the
Senate in connection with the point now at issue
between the honorable senator from South Carolina
and himself. That honorable senator maintained that
thisact of Congress of the year 1798, on the part of the
United States, had dissolved all those obligations.
The French said it had not; and the treaty of 1802,
out of which the present question had arisen, was
afterwards ratified. It was referred to the tribunate
of the government of France; and he would now
read an extract from the report of a commission of
that tribunate, which he found in the Code Diplo-
matique of France:
"i have already, Tribune1;, told you that the United States
haddeclared the consular convention and the treaties of
177S as null and void, and believed theinsplvfs freed from "
the obligations which they imposed upon them The gov-
ernment of the republic, m spite of this act of Congress,
did not regard the treaties as annulled, ilimkmg that a treaty
could only be abolished li\ the mutudi consent of the two
contracting parties, or by a declaration of war. But, on the
one hand, 1' ranee had not accedcd to tho dissolution of the
treaties; on the other there hail not been any declnmlioa of
war. Commissions granted by the President to attack the
armed vessels of France are not to be regarded as a declara-
tion of war; the will of the President doe; notsufdee to put
America in a state of war, it requires a positive declaration
of Congress to tlws effect. Nov* has ever cxi-Ud The re-
public was therefore justified in claiming the enjoyment of
lie stipulations comprehended in the old treaties, aiid in-
demnity tor the non-execution of these stipulations.1'
he should like to know whether, under this
recital, the treaties stood dissolved or not by our
own act of 1798?
[Mr. McDuffie. That is all very good for the
French.]
Mr. A. resumed. It was an good for the Uni-
ted States. It was the law of justice—the
law which all governments were equally bound to
observe. To hear the doctrine upon the floor of the
Senate of the United States, that when the-govern-
ment of the United States had refused to fulfil the
highest of all obligations, it was within the compe-
tency of that government, by its own single act, to
dissolve those obligations, was something extraordi-
nary.
[Mr. McDuffie. I simply stated that the govern-
ment of the United States had a right to declare that
France herself had dissolved the obligations by a
violation of the treaty subsisting between the two
governments.]
Mr. A., in continuation. The French did not
take the same view of the subject. The tribunate
of France held the principle of public law, that all
engagements once contracted between two na-
tions, can only be dissolved by the same
mutual consent that made the engagement, or by
war. And they stated, truly, that there had been no
war between France and the United States to pro-
duce that effect. But conceding this to the honor-
able Senator, arguendo, he appealed to the evidence
of the treaty of 1802, that these same guaranties
were recognised, and therefore were again binding
on the part of the government of the United States.
If we could make the former treaty, and dissolve
it, h§td we not the same competency to make this
and dissolve it? He should show that this treaty
was ratified by our own government; and for that
purpose he would read a few words more of extract
from the same report of the French tribunate. It
explained the matter better than he could do it:
"It thence necessarily followed that the Americans, in
not recognising in us the right of reviving our old treaties,
also interdicted to themselves the right of claiming for in-
demnities; for it was in virtue of the treaty which we wish-
ed to revive that they had the power to claim these indem-
nities. Hence, if the treaties of 1778 were regarded as ex-
isting, it was clear that we owed indemnities to the Ameri-
cans for the prizes made upon them in violation of the stipu-
lations relative to the liberty of the flag, whilst, if the
treaties were considered as abolished, we could not admit
the claims of the Americans, since they could not support
them by any authority."
What was the amount of it' The honorable sen-
ator from South Carolina had asked where is the
evidence that there were any claims of this kind at
all for indemnity on the part of the citizens of the
United States? Here was the evidence—here, in
the extract which he had just read to the Senate—
an evidence which established their validity beyond
a doubt—an evidence on the part of the government
that would have had to pay the caims if the gov-
ernment of the United States had not interposed. It
was no evidence adduced by the claimants here; but
evidence from the quarter which was interested in
defeating them.
He remembered that the honorable senator, in the
prosecution of his remarks the other day—for that
that honorable gentleman had occupied, not by in-
tention, several mornings, in expressing his views
upon this subject—inquired how could there be any
claims now upon this government for depredations
committed by the French, when the government of
the United States had prosecuted them as far as it
was bound to prosecute them? His answer was
this: They did not prosecute these claims—which he
admitted they were not bound to prosecute to the
point of war—to the point of satisfaction to the
claimants; but they did to the point of conversion to
their own use. The gentleman says: "But these
claims are of no value!" He (Mr. A.) contended
that they were of value; and the highest evidence
that could be adduced in substantiation of this fact
was, that claims which grew up subsequent to the
treaty of 1800, and which for a long time were thought
to stand in a condition fully as hopeless as these
claims now before Congress, were prosecuted by
the government of the United States, and re-
covered. If we were able to recover claims
arising after the French revolution, why
should we not have been able to recover
claims antecedent to 1800, if the act of our own
government had not prevented their recovery, by
converting them to its own purposes? The question
was actually tested by the treaty negotiated by his
present colleague, [Mr. Rives.]
Why did not these claims enter into that nego-
tiation, by which the claims subsequent to 1800 had
been recovered? The answer was in the statute-
book. It was because these claims had bean em-
ployed for their own purposes by the government
of the United States. So far from being Dad claims,
they would have been just as good as those that
had been subsequently recovered and paid. The
question had been actually made, whether the claims
antecedent to 1800 should be included in the 25,000,-
000 of francs which had been obtained by Mr.
Rives's treaty; and an adverse decision, given upon
this express ground, that they had already been ap-
propriated in virtue of the treaty of 1802 to the
uses of our government.
These claimants now come forward and say that
they would now be in the enjoyment of a just satis-
faction of their claims, but for the act of their own
government, which failed to procure the payment of
them, because it actually seized their claims, and
converted them to its own uses.
He declared that it was not within his compe-
tency to comprehend a case that stood upon a more
solid foundation, or upon a justice more obligatory
and imperative than that upon which these claims
rested. They made a case sustained by the best
evidence in the world. The treaties and diplomatic
history of our own country showed that these claim-
ants had a claim which the other power had recog-
nised when it had the prospect of being obliged to
liquidate them, and for which it would have been
obliged to account, but for the interception by
the action of our own government. Now, the
honorable senator from South Carolina said this
government was not bound to prosecute to war the
claims of its citizens. He (Mr. A.) did not argue
that the government was bound to do that; but he
contended that it was bound, if it seized and took
into its own possession the claims of its citizens, and
conserted the issue of those claims to its own use,
then it was bound by all the moral obligations re-
cognised among nations—by every law of justice,
to make indemnification for them.
Having thus endeavored to show the real charac-
ter of this case, he would not further protract the
discussion; but would merely read a single sentence
in, reply to the allegation very often repeated by the
honorable senator from South Carolina in relation
to the want of any reports in favor of these
claims. But, before doing that, he could
not but express his surprise that it
should be said here, upon the floor of the.Senate
of the United States, that a denial of these claims for
fifty years past should operate as proof of their want
of validity. It appeared to him that if there was
any conceivable circumstance which could operate
to give additional strength%  these claims, this pro-
longed call of fifty years upon the government for a
rendition of justice, was the most conclusive in their
favor; yet the gentleman says, the longer you con-
tinue the delay of justice, the more firmly you es-
tablish their want of validity! You establish the
fact, not of ihe want of justice on the part of these
claims, but that this justice has been divested by
spoliation and the long refusal of indemnity on the
part of our own government.
These claims were prosecuted in September, 1809.
The ensuing session of Congress had to pass over
in discussing terms of ratification, befoie they could
be acted upon. Again they were brought forward.
The honorable senator the other day said they had
not been brought forward during an interval of
many years; and he adduced that argument against
them—the want of earlier presentation. The treaty
was made in September; and the ensuing session
had to pass over before the ratification and the in-
terchange of ratifications could he adjusted. These
claimants lost no time, but came forward at the very
next session of Congress, in 1802; so that instead of
being dilatory, they came here at the very first
session of Congress after the ratification of the
treaty.
He would now read a sentence of a report made
by a former member of Congress (Mr. Marion)
from the senator's [Mr. McDuffie's] own State, and
dismiss the subject. In 1807 these claimants came
here.
Here Mr. McDuffie asked Mr. A. to read the
title of the report, which Mr. A. did, as follows:
"The committee to whom was referred the memorial of
sundry merchants, residing in Charleston, in the State of
South Carolina, complaining of spoliations committed on
their lawful commerce by the cruisers and other armed ves-
sels of France, during the late European war, and praying
compensation therefor."
It was very difficult to command attentfon upon
this subject at this moment, when the consideration
