Feb. 1845,
28th Cong 2d Sess.
APPENDIX TO T'ttE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE;
-Mr. Dickinson.
m
Annexation of Texas-
Senate.
whether the United States would now be colonial
dependencies if Great Britain had chosen to withhold
her assent to a treaty of peace and separation, but
had acquiesced in both 1
Yon Marten says:
"A foreien nadon, not under any obligation to interfere, does
rof appear10 vi.iUt- us pcrfect nbl.gauoiu nor to deviate from
the principles of .-auir.iliiy, if. in adhering to the possession,
(without examining into its leaaMty,) if treat as a sovereign bun
woo ^actually on ihoihr me,nnd,as an independent nation, peo-
ple who have: dcolai. d anil mil: maintain themselves mdopen-
deot"
And Mr. Webster, as Secretary of State, in his
correspondence with the Mexican Government in
1842,says:
'• Mexico mnv have chosen to consider, and miy still choose
to con«itfi v T>-x,\. a- haviritr hern at .ill times since 1535, and as
sul'co.i ipmri', i ub" hon«< proviTip; but the world has been
oliiic ijot-icc !i very d-tfeient view of the matter "
"A" ' it mint i>  arfde,', i!jat the constitution, public treaties,
and '!>" m .*• , - th< Pie^i-Imt to rrcard Texas as an mdft
penile;,t S ;,!e, and us teiritojy a« no paif of the territory of
hh.V'O '
But it is asked why Texa<; should desire to be
annexed. This could be readily answered. He had
already shown that, from 1803 to 1819, her citizens
located there upon the faith of the treaty stipulating
to admit them into the Union. Besides, it was their
father-!,md—the land of their early and sinless
veaf3—the home where they sported in childhood,
and sped joyously down the stream of time with the
gay companions of life's unclouded morning. Ifore,
m the village churchyard rest the sacrcd ashes of
their beloved dead—here are yet the brethren and
sisters with whom
"They 2iew in beauty .-ide by side '*
What State of the Confedeiacy would consent to
he dismembered 1 What Territory to be shut out
from the anticipated privileges of the Union '! What
people, born, raised, and educated under the fostering
spin; of our institutions—under the broad regis of
our laws and entitled to then protection—would wil-
hngiv forego the privilege? What citizen would
consent to he expatriated—what child to be disown-
ed or abandoned '*
The Senator from Kentucky, (IVfr. Morkiiead,)
with imposing eloquence and figure, grouped the
tivcnty-MX happy sisters of the Confederacy, and
lamented that their enjoyment should be disturbed
by the admission of this intrusive stranger.
But let us pursue this aptly-suggested illustration
d little father. The twenty-six sisters have assem-
bled upon a gala-day at the dear old mansion, to
brighten the chain of friendship and affection—to aid
and consolc each other by their counsels, and
strengthen the ties of sympathy which unite them.
We can sec, in the mind's eye, in that happy groupe
the rosy daughters of PCew England—the stately
Empire—the proud Keystone—the glowing West,
find the sunny South. But. whose is that supplica-
ting form standing in the distance—who is that dark-
haired and childlike sister asking permission to sit
around the hearth-stone of her earlier years and
taste again of the joys of home from which her af-
fections have never wandered1? She is of the same
parents born, and craves the protection and guid-
ance of her sisters of maturer age—the benefits of
t!u family union. But her humble request is not
granted. She is told by the joyous sisterhood that
tfieir cup of felicity is overflowing, and they fear her
presence may infuse the poison of jealousy and
domestic discontent. She is admonished to with-
draw, ipst she mav nnr the mora! bemtvof the
scene wp have just eont'-mplated. v he is told to go
ff rth and buffet alone the tempest* of the world;
to, withstand as best she may, its seductions and
allurements, its temptations and its snares.
She now appeals to the common parent; and shall
her voice be unheeded] Even the prodigal son,
wlieaMta returned repentant, was hailed with open
arms. How much more, then, shall the child be re-
ceived who has discharged with fidelity all its duties
and relations'?
But (Mr. D. said) he would no longer pursue the
figure which had been presented, and would proceed
to notice biiefly the constitutional right of Con-
gress to admit Texas into the Union. This ques-
tion had been so fully and ably discussed that he
would give it only a passing notice. The clause of
the Constitution conferring this power is in the fob
(owing words; *
"New Stat.es may toe admitted by the Congress into this
Union ; but no new State shall be formed or erected hin the
jurisdiction of any o-her r'tate, nor any State to be formed by
the junction of two or more States or parts of States, without
the 'co.neenr of the legislatures of the Stales concerned, as well
as of the Congiess."
This language was plain, clear, and unequivocal;
and if it meant what it purported, there remained
no doubt of the power. But every effort which
legal ingenuity could devise had been put in requi-
sition to invent some reading or establish some
principle of construction by which the power should
rather be denied than given.
Mr. Justice Story, in his valuable Commentaries
on the Constitution, says :
"In the first place, then, every word employed in the con-
stitution is to be expounded in its plain, obvious, and common
sense, unless the context furr.ishes some ground to rontiol,
qualify, or enlarge it. Consn'uuons are not des gned for me-
taphysical or logical subtleties, lor niceties of expiession, for
crmcci! pioprietV, for elaborate snadesof meaning, or for the
exoieise ol philosophical acutene.-s, or judicial research.
They me instrument of a practiced nitui'e, founded on the
common business of human life, adapted to common wants, de-
signed lor common use, and fitted foi commnn undeistandio^s.
The people make them ; the people adopt them : the people
must be, supposed to read them vvn h rhe help of common sense;
and cannot he presumed to admit in them any recondite mean-
ing, or any exuaordmary gloss."
The constitution, then, (said Mi. D.,) declares that
new States may be admitted by Congress ; and the
Constitution is to be read, understood and construed
upon principles of plain common sense; and upon
such reading, understanding and construction ; who
shall maintain that no such power is conferred 1
But it is said, with much apparent confidence, and
often repeated, that this power was given to admit
new States from territory belonging to the United
States at the time of the admission. If any argu-
ment was necessary to confute this far-fetched view,
it might be found in the significant and unanswer-
able fact that, while this clause of the Constitution
was under discussion by its framers in Convention,
this article, as originally submitted, was as follows:
" New States, lawfully constituted or established,
ivithin the limits of the United Stales, may be ad-
mitted" &e.; which wnn rejected, and the article
adopted as above.
Resort had been had to the history of the times to
find some authority for expunging this plain power
from the Constitution, or for introducing into the in-
strument some qualifying language.
The debates of the membcis of the Convention,
their correspondence, public and private, at the time,
as well as the opinions of individual members after-
wards, are now eagerly sought for to reverse and
overrule one of the plainest provisions of the Con-
stitution. He admitted that there were cases where
this mode of construction was admissible ; but this
was not one, for the language did not fairly admit of
doubt; and for this position he had also the authority
of Ju&tice Stoiy, who says :
4' Contempordiy construction is properly reported to to
lUnstiate and coufnm the text, to explain a doubtful p hi ate,
or to tVfHiuitd an nb^cuni ilat/s'1: ami in piopnruoii i<« ihe
uniioinn y tv-d univtMs - h:y ni Lhai construction, and the K own
ability and talents of those by whom it was given, is the credit
to wruch u is entitled It can nevei abiozau* the text, it can
never fut'er away us obvious s-msi ; it e,\n never nai#ow down
its true limitations; it can icver enlaige its natural bounda-
ries "
But if contemporaneous histoiy was admissible,
its whole evidence was against them, and went to
support the express power ot the Constitution. The
original articles of Confederation provided for the
admission of Canada into the Union. Mr. Madison,
in the Federalist, speaking ot rhe omission f<  pro-
vide by the articles ot Confedeiation tor the ad-
mission to the Union ot new Stales otner than the
colonies, and of the advantage derived thereby from
the Constitution, says:
" We hrtve seen the inconvenience of (his omission, and rhe
a^si.rni'tirm of power mio whiut Cmigic?s has hten led i>y
ii With great propneiy, therefore, ha= Hip nt-w syvtnn aup
plied the defect"
The objections now raised in the Senate were
unsuccessfully urged upon the adoption of the
Constitution, and might, if traced to their true
source, be found to be as old as that sacred instru-
ment. They created neither intimidation nor alarm
then, and why should they now ? They were then
quieted by the calm and elevated reasoning of the
patriots of that interesting period, and might now be
met with a tew words from the same pure and inex-
haustible fountain. In the 14th number of the
Federalist, Mr. Madison, in the discussion of these
very questions, and in vindicating the then new Con-
stitution, and explaining the benefits which its adop-
tion would confer, says:
" All that remains, within this branch of our inquiries is,
to take notice of an objection that may be drawn from the great
extent of country which the Union embraces. A few observa-
tions on this subject will be the more proper, as it is perceived
that the adversaries of the new constitution are availing them-
selves ot a prevailing prejudice with regard to the "practicable
sphere ol republican administration, in order to supply, by
imaginary difficulties, the want of those solid objections which
they endeavor in vain to find.
'•The eiior which limits lepuMican government to anar-
row disinct has been unfolded and refuted m preceding papers.
I remaik here only that it seems to owe its rise nod prevalence
chiefly to the confounding of a republic with a democracy.
"As the natural hmi' of a democracy is the distance from tb©
central point, which will just permit the most remote citizens
to assemble as often as their public functions demand, and will
include no greater number than will join lu those functions, so
the naturaUitnit ot a republic is the distance from the centre,
which will barely allow the representatives of the people to
meet as often as may be necessary for the administration of
public affairs.
" The immediate object of the Federal Constitution is to se-
cure the union of the thirteen primitive States, which we know
to be practicable, and to add to them such other States as may
arise m their own bosoms, or in their neighborhood) which we
cannot doubt to be equally practicable."
Mr. Gouverneur Morris evidently believed that
such power was intended to be given to Congress by a
majority of the Convention which framed the Consti-
tution, for in his letters to Mr. Livingston, express-
ing an adverse private opinion, he admits that that
article could not have been adopted with the re-
strictive clause.
Mr. D. said, before hastening to his next position,
he begged leave to refer to the opinion of an eminent
citizen of his own State, recent, to be sure, but on©
which had not been expressed without much consid«
eration. He alluded to the letter of Mr. Van Buren
to Mr. Hammett, written during the last session of
Congress, upon the power of Congress to admit new
States from foreign territory. Mr. Van Buren ex™
amines at some length the constitutional question,
and says:
u The, matter, therefore, stands as it would do if the Constitu-
tion said, 'newSiat.es may be admitted by ihe Congress into
this Union,' without addition or restriction. That these word?#
taken by themselves, are broad enough to authorize the ad-
mission of the territory of Texas, cannot, I think, be w«U
doubtrd ; nor do I perceive upon what principle we can set up
limitations to a power so unqualifiedly recognized by the Con-
s notion in the plain simple words I have quoted, and with
which no othei provision of that instrument conflicts in ch®
slightest degree.
I have no1, therefore, been able to bring my mind to any other
sinsi-ictotv eonelusion than thatit wasthe intention of the Con'
venn >n to •rue, th" power of admitting new Staus to Con-
gress, with i,o other limitations than those which are specified
in that msti ument.
"The lansu.isro employed, die specification of certain re-
strictions. the adoption and subsequentexclusion of that which
is now referred to, together with ihe subsequent and continued
action of the r.ew government, all seem to combine to render
this intei pretat ion of the Constitution the true one."
But the Senatorfrom Massachusetts (Mr. Choatk)
had, with commendable ingenuity, taken his stand
upon what he was pleased to term the outside of tho
Constitution, and looked in upon the deliberations
of the Convention, and from such view had argued
that, from the very nature of things, no such power
would have been Cvmferred by such a body.
Waiving the numerous answers which occurred
to this portion of the argument of that learned Sen-
ator and distinguished lawyer, Mr. D. could imagine
the Senator acting professionally, and defending his
elipnt agam«t the obligations of a bond. The instru-
rmnt cont-uning penalty and condition, signature,
se.il, and *u >seril)i'jg witness, all valid and genuine;
but rhe counsel would, as in this case, take his stand,
as it were, outtide the bond, and look in, in imagina-
tion, upon the transactional the time of its execution,
and conclude, against all evidence, from the nature of
things, that such bond could not have been made by
his client I His client had no occasion to give a
bond with so large a penalty, with such condition,
bearing such rate of interest, so speedily to fall due;
and therefore the counsel would insist it should ba
adjudged that the bond was not executed. Would
such an argument be made, relied upon, or enter-
tained 1
The honorable Senator from Connecticut (Mr.
Hun riN«Tox,) had examined, at .some length, the
meaning of the word " neiv^1 m the article under
discussion, arid seemed to insist that a u neiv State"
could not bean old one, and inasmuch as Texas being-
