324
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
*28th Cong.. ..2d Sess.
Annexation of Texas—Mr. Dickinson.
an organized Government, and a State of a few years*
standing, was not a "new State" and could not,
therefore, be admitted. Mr. D. said, when he saw
the learned Senator raise this objection as a reason
for denying the constitutional power of Congress in
this respect, he felt reassured that there was great
dearth of material for argument prevailing in that
neighborhood.
The word nexv, (said Mr. D.,) is a relative term.
The farmer leaves his farm scarcely cleared of the
forest trees, and enters upon one which has been
long in a state of cultivation, and designates the
latter as his new farm. The merchant changes his
store or his dwelling, the mechanic his shop, and
the lawyer his office-—and each in his turn speaks of
his new tenement or location. This is the popular
and every-day meaning which is given to this word
in all the relations of life; and we have already seen,
upon acknowledged authority, that such meaning is
to be given to the words of a constitution. And
every additional member admitted to the Confederacy
is a neiv State in its relations, whether it has before
held political existence or not; new to the Confede-
racy—new in its relative existence.
The same senator had insisted that if Texas
should be admitted, she could not have a rep-
resentation in the Senate until the expiration of
nine years, the fundamental law having provided that
no person should be elected a Senator who had not
been for that period a citizen of the United States.
This objection, if valid, wouJd form no argument
against the proposed admission, and would only af-
fect her representation. It would be seen, however,
that such a construction would at once expel the Sen-
ators from Arkansas from their seats, and from any
other State formed from our own Territories, which
had not been for that term one of the United State.?.
The argument was entirely artificial and technical—
had probably never been thought of before, much
less gravely urged upon the floor of the Senate. The
tiame construction would have deprived every State
in the Confederacy of a representation in the Senate
for nine years from its admission.
The clause in question, as well as that which re-
lated to citizenship, applied only to the citizens and
subjects of other Governments as such, who should
renounce their former allegiance, and declare their
intentions to become citizens of the United States.
Mr. D. said he would barely allude to the almost
Protean forms opposition to this power to admit
3iew States had assumed in debate.
The honorable and learned Committee upon For-
eign Relations admitted that the power existed, and
might be exerted by the treaty-making power; but
denied that it could be by Congress, until the terri-
tory should first be acquired by treaty. Others
seemed to admit that territory might be acquired by
treaty, but that it could not bring with it population.
Others still maintained that large sections, or terri-
tories, could not be obtained even by treaty,* but that
small sections might be, for the purpose of rounding
out corners or making lines of demarcation more to
«mit the interest or convenience of the respective
governments; though they had not attempted to de-
scribe how many acres these fractional sections
might contain; nor whether the Constitution was
intended to admit them in square, round, triangular,
or oblong form; and others denied that any territory
could be acquired under any power whatever given
by the Constitution.
Time would not enable him to notice these objec-
tions in detail; and he should, therefore, refer
-all who denied the power to admit either territory
or population to the learned committee, for their an-
swer as to the existence of the power; and for that
purpose, would beg leave to turn for a moment to the
report of the learned chairman, (Mr. Archer.)
In speaking of the power given by the Constitu-
tion to admit new States, the report says :
" The committee, or a majority, (and when the de. ignatton is
employed, u is desired that it may be legirded as impot ting only
a majority,) entertained the undoubting opinion, that not on
"what have received the denomination of latitudmou* or liberal
principles of construction of the Constitution only, but in con-
formity with the strictest, the power in question is clearly to be
derived "
And in discussing the power to admit both terri-
tory and population, it adds :
ff -Way, then, a foreign population he introduced in mass into
Feb. 1845.
Senate.
the political community of the Union? Is there a power to (*0
this? Population, in the transfers o/ political subjection, fob
lows, according to the usages of nations, the condmon of the
territory to which it is attached. J he modes of transfer may
vary. Conquest may dispose: Cession. Whatever the mode
however, the law applies, the population goes along and is em-
braced in ttie condition. If territory may be received, then so
may population, its concomitant and adjunct. The committee
find no room, therefore, for distinction as regards population or
teiritory, in reference to the question of the power of the Gov-
ernment to introduce them iiud the Union."
The report, then, having fully conceded the ex-
istence of the power to admit both territory and
population, it was only necessary he should discuss
with the committee which particular department of
the government was authorized to exert it—they in-
sisting that it rested exclusively in the treaty-making
power, and he contending, with others, that it was
clearly vested in Congress, though he admitted it
might be exerted by either.
In maintaining for Congress this power, he would
refer again to the plain letter of the Constitution, and
from thence to a very able speech delivered at the
last session of Congress by the honorable chairman
(Mr. Aiickku) upon the treaty for the annexation
of Texas—a speech in which that learned Senator
had fully, ably, and truly maintained that this power
was given to Congress by the Constitution, and had
passed a just and forcible commentary upon consti-
tutional construction:
"Readmitted, then, a power in our Government to acquire
f^rc-^n territory—whether orign.al or induced, K did not matter
'•> n '{'lire The power, as u had been most beneficially ex-
cne*, admitted of resort again, if exigency should demand, as
in the case of Louisiana, or advantage persuade as m that of
the two Floudas He went still farther. He rftcognizfd the
authority to admit foreign States into the Confederacy. He
knew the grounds on which this proposition had been denied,
denounced, and made the subject of apprehension. 'I his did
not hinder his recognition of it. The phrase in the Constitu-
tion was of the U'gest character: 'Congress shall have power
to admit new Staiey into the Union ' Where shall sanction he
found, for limitation on the npeiation of language,-of this gen-
erality and compn hensiveness? Not in the cncumstances of
the case. We were in juxtaposition with provinces, of which
our lathers of the Revolution had certainly contemplated the
introduction into t heir Confederacy as not improbable, inasmuch
as they had extended invitation to it. A. deputation had been
sent to Canada, dutii.g the war of the Revolution, to press this
invitation. Suppose concert in a common poiiry of States, on
our continent, as the counterpoise and safeguard against a for-
eign continental policy—of the pi maples of our forms of po-
litical institution, imperilled m cor-flicr, or by the policy of
adverse foi mg—should demand the incorporation of contiguous
American States, for more imposing aspect, more effective ac-
tion, more indisputable security: were we to be regaidedas
prcchi 'ed, could the ft amers of the Constitution, those far-seem*
liienJsof country andfieedom. have designed to preclude us
from this great resource of power and instrument of safety ?
Did it involve no undue and unworthy imputation on their re-
nowned political sagacity and unparalleled circumspection to
make such a supposal 1
" He (Mr. A ) had no hesitation upon this point on themere
languace of ihe Constitution. He repudiated this practice, per-
petual in its employment here, of going behind the language
of 1 he Constitution, when that was plain, to contemporaneous
his o.yaud labored expositions derived from the opinions of m-
dividu ils. Where ambiguity was not admitted and patent, the
language ought to stand as the sole exponent. But how raise
ao a.niiiguity on languige socxplicif? 'Congress shall have
p >wcr to admit new S-ates into the Union 1
In justice to the distinguished author of both the
report and of the speech, (Mr. Archer,) he should
say that the honorable Senator had frankly de-
clared upon the floor that he had entertained the
opinion given in the above extract of his speech
until recently; hut upon more perfect examination
during the present session, he had been convinced
he was in error, and had arrived at the conclusion
specified in the report. But (Mr. D. said) he
cited the opinions of the speech against the report
not for any personal reason, hut as a fair and
legitimate argument; and he would inquire, in all
kindness, which was entitled to the highest consi-
deration, the doctrines of the speech, which were
the results produced by the experience of a life de-
voted to the public service; or the doctrines of the
report, which were the offspring of a few weeks' re-
flection 1
" Under which king, i3 zonian 1"
Which was to serve as a lamp to light the
steps of the inquiring statesman in atter times
along the straight and narrow pathway of the Con-
stitution, which leads to happiness and safety 1 And
which will the honorable Senator himself recognize
as the legitimate, and which the spurious issue ?
Which as the child of the bond and which of the free
woman ?
The argument that Congress might abuse the
power, was an argument against confiding power to
that department of the Government, and not to the
existence of the power. If the three branches may
violate their trusts openly, may not two of the same
abuse theirs secretly ? If pernicious consequences
flow from annexing territory by act of Congress, will
it mitigate the evils 10 admit upon like conditions by
treaty stipulations ? n
If one State is improvidently admitted by Congress,
may not another be admitted by treaty 1 If it is
urged that Congress may jeopard the best interests of
the Union by the indiscreet exercise of this power,
it might be answered, that, by a like exercise of the
power to declare war against the world, which is
undisputed, our national existence may be blotted
out. Nor can any argument be raised against the
exercise of this power by Congress which is not
applicable to every other one conferred by the Con-
stitution.
The power to admit new States by act of Con-
gress was expressed—.the power to admit by treaty
rested in implication. Congress proceeded in iU
action openly, in the face of day, and had the benefits
of popularsanction or dissent in its progress ; trea-
ties were negotiated in secret, through the occult
process of diplomacy. Admission by Congresss re-
quired the assent of the President, Senate, and House
of Representatives; admission by treaty dispensed
with the voice of the popular branch altogether.
Before finally dismissing this branch of the sub-
ject, (Mr. D. said,) he would refer to the report of
the Committee on Foreign Relations for a moment,
for the purpose of acknowledging the high satisfac-
tion it afforded him to be able to concur entirely, as
he did, in the opinions expressed in that part of the
report to which he was about to call attention. It
was this: The committee, in discussing the treaty-
making power, and commenting with approbation
upon the strict construction recommended by Mr.
Jefferson, define the character and office of this
power as follows:
treaty-making power, under this construction, ca?i
never be any other than mbsidiary-^i* never a power indepen-
dent in its^ Location, however it so in it? name and its struc-
ture. It is the handmaid—waits on the occa&iuiib of the other
powers i and though vn no posh/re to receive ordei t ft am then,
it never yel moves to its exertion save in subordination to their
desires
This (Mr. D. said) was all he had contended for,
although he had not been able to furnish as apt an
illustration as had the honorable committee. He
had no doubt in this case that the treaty-making
power—the handmaid—would patiently wait on the
occasion of Congress, her mistress; and should her
services be required, " move to her exertionin sub-
ordination to the desires of her superior. But Con-
gress, the mistress, had elected to discharge this
high duty herself; and therefore had, at present, no
occasion to call upon her handmaid to exercise her
vocation.
The domestic institution of slavery, which existed
in Texas, had been strongly urged both here and
elsewhere, as an insuperable objectioa to admitting
that country to the Union. Upon that institution,
in the abstract, he would not now comment. He
could not say little without saying much; and as the
subject was in no legitimate respect under discus-
sion, he had listened with extreme regret to remarks
which had been made upon both sides of the Senate.
He need not say, he trusted, were it either proper or
necessary, what were his opinions upon the subject,
formed, as they had been, as well from habit and
education, as from much examination and reflec-
tion.
If the annexation of Texas was to create or give an
institution of that character to either country which
it did not possess before, or was to render its bur-
dens greater, or increase the number of those de-
prived of freedom; or if its duration, was to be pro-
longed by the proposed connexion; then might such
objections be urged with great propriety and force.
But it was scarcely pretended that either of these
consequences would flow from the proposed union,
and all who would look the question fully in the
face would see that they could not.
The admission of Texas to the Union would.,
doubtless, increase the number of slaves there, but it
would take them from the northerly slave States,
until it would virtually abolish itself in those States,
as it had already done in Delaware; and the slave
