326
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
Feb. 1845.
28th Cong 2d Sess.
Jlnneccaiion of Texas—Mr, Jlrcher.
Senate.
power. They had been educated where the govern-
ment, by alleged divine right, was the principal, and
the people the agents to execute its will; and they
looked not without apprehension upon a system
which proposed to leave the power with the many,
lest in its exercise they should endanger their own
well-being and safety. In the same mistaken spi-
rit, they desired to limit the boundary of their
untried system, thai too many erroneous opinions
combined might not control the enlightened few.
But there were those, too, whose patriotic vision
penetrated the mist of error and delusion, under
which tyranny and oppression had been for ages con-
csaled, and who proclaimed to the world the sublime
and interesting truth that ail men were created equal.
The great cardinal principle they sought to inculcate
was equality; and the system of rational liberty
which they established was designed to distribute
equally the benefits and the burdens of conventional
existence. They saw, too, that mind did not weak-
en mind; that the many were as wise and as vir-
tuous as the few; and that extensive territory, nume-
rous population, and diversified interests, would add
strength and beauty to the structure, and ensure its
permanent duration.
The Persian kings, in their secret literature, were
taught to observe the laws which governed the
celestial bodies, that they might copy their example,
and extend the benefits of their rule alike to all their
subjects—a lesson which might be studied with
profit, and its precepts practised with advantage, in
modern times.
Even the convulsions of the elements in the
natural world furnish models for instruction in
the moral. The agitations of the earthquake, when
local, uproots towns and cities—when widely ex-
tended, produces scarcely a momentary tremor. The
storms of human passion in localities gather black-
ness and fury, and increase in awful density for a
moment, and are lulled to rest by the pacific ele-
ments whenever they transcend their boundaries.
The inhabitants of Texas were now, like ourselves,
governed only by opinion—would they cease to
yield obedience to its stern behests, if they should
be admitted to the Union 1 If not, what objection,
which had not been thrice met and refuted, still re-
mained? We might say of that country and people,
as said Lord Bacon to James, on the happy union
of England and Scotland, " There be no mountains
or races of hills—there be no seas or great rivers—
there is no diversity of tongue or language, that
hath invited this separation or divorce."
He (Mr. D.) did not advocate the annexation of
Texas merely because it was desirable as a military
position, nor for its vast commercial advantages; but
upon broad principles of national faith and justice.
Its people were entitled to admission—they were
moved by the same high impulses as ourselves, and
protected and controlled by the same beneficent Pro-
vidence. He did not fear that their restoration, upon
adjoining territory recently our own, would bring a
canker to the root of our institutions—that another
star in the constellation would dim its lustre—or that
another pillar in the fabric of freedom would weaken
its foundation.
But after all other arguments and objections fail,
(said Mr. D.,) we are as usual pointed to the his-
tory of Rome, and told of its rise and progress, and
admonished of its decline and fall—Home, from
which can be drawn material to point the con-
stitutional argument of the statesman, or adorn
the oration oi the schoolboy—Rome, which, not-
withstanding its many bright individual exam-
ples, marched through violence and wrong to
greatness, and fell a prey to its own triumphs—a
government which was founded in murder, pro-
gressed in robbery, declined in blood, and fell in
corruption—exhibiting upon its history's black and
bloody page the footsteps of a people cruel, per-
fidious and revengeful, and as lierce and insatiable
as the beast which nursed its founder; until, adopt-
ing the ease and indolence and sensual delights
of the Eastern princes they had conquered, they
fell a prey to the Goth and the Vandal, who hung
over them like a vast avalanche upon their snow-
clad mountains. And yet this government of the
sword is compared to ours of opinion—the physical
to the intellectual age; and a people trained to the
pursuits of war, likened to a people cultivating the
arts of peace.
In conclusion, Mr. D. desired the Senate to turn
for a moment to the peaceful retreat of the Hermit-
age—to the venerable patriot who the Senator
from New Hampshire, at the close of his eloquent
remarks, expressed a desire might see thi«, the last
wish of his life and his hope accomplished; and this
expression of personal regard had been made the
occasion by the Senator from Louisiana, (Mr. Bar-
row,) after the bitter animosity of party spirit had
turned away from following that illustrious man,
and its angry elements were hushed in repose, to
disturb the last remnant of a life devoted to the
service of his country, by comparing him to the
noxious upas, blighting and withering everything
within the circle of his evil influence. Sir, (said
Mr. D.) the tendrils which bound him to earth have
long been severed, and have ceased to bleed. There
is nought that interests him but his country's wel-
fare and his country's honor. As the eastern
sky at evening throws back a holier sun-light than
is shed while the orb rides in meridian splendor—so
the evening of his days reflects the wisdom of a life
chastened and improved by the rectifying influences
of time. The partner of his earlier years has
long ceased to be the companion of his age and
the beguiler of his solitary hours; and when he
looks upon the grave of buried affection, it is with
the mournful reflection that she will not return to
him but with the Christian's consolation that he
shall join her spirit above. The heart which
has so long beat in unison with his country's
weal, will soon be cold, and passionless—the
last words of counsel will soon tremble on his
aged lip—and the eyes which have "beamed in
friendship, or flamed in war," be closed, and the
light of life cease to relume them. Soon the excla-
mation which has riven so many hearts, Earth to
earth, dust to dust! will consign to his final resting-
place all that was once the hero, patriot, and states-
man.
And whence the voice in this great nation, that
breaks upon this scene, and virtually disturbs the
last mournful rites] It is from the representa-
tive of a great and patriotic State, whose com-
mercial city, with its booty and beauty, was saved
from the violence of a brutal and licentious soldiery,
by the war-worn veteran who is now gratuitously
arraigned at the bar.
The discoverer of a new world was rewarded by
his sovereign by chains and dungeon, and the last
of the Tribunes was stricken by the hand he had
nursed into life upon the same stand where he had
preached liberty and equality to Rome. But why
should the representative of a generous people, who
had been saved by the valor of a single arm, draw a
shaft from the quiver of ingratitude upon him who
had rendered a service to his country unknown in
military annals '?
SPEECH OF MR. ARCHER,
OF VIRGINIA,
In Senate t Ftbruu)y2S, 184o—on the resolution for
the annexation of Texas.
The Senate having resumed the consideration of
the joint lesolution from the House of Representa-
tive-is for the annexation of Texas—
Mi*. ARCHER, being entitled to the floor, ad-
dressed the Senate a.s follows:
I rise, Mr. President, in the privilege of the posi-
tion which has been assigned me by the Senate, to
conclude this important debate. My honorable
friend from Kentucky, [Mr. Morehead,] who did
me the favor, on account of my indisposition, to as-
sume my place in the opening of the discussion, and
discharged the office so well, saw occasion, in his
impressions of its magnitude, to address a supplica-
tion to the Source of all strength to enable him to
leach the height of this great argument. How much
much more occasion have I, sir, to invoke this aid,
who am sinking, not only under the same con-
sciousness of ihe importance of the question, but the
oppression, also, of extreme infirmity of health?
This last consideration would constrain me to
brevity in the remarks I have to offer, even though
the exhaustion of the subject by the ability of the
debate did not enjoin it on me. The views which
have been most pressed I shall only touch so far as
may be required for connection with those I have
most desire to illustrate. These have been searcely
referred to, and not at all expanded in the discus-
sion. *Theyare, nevertheless, m my apprehension,
better entitled to attention than that which has so
much engrossed it—the technical construction of the
clause in the constitution under review which gives
authority to admit new States into.the Union.
Mr. President, this is purely a question of consti-
tution, but not of a single or simple aet of violation
of the constitution. If strength be afforded me, I
shall be able to show that it is far more than this—
an act, in its commission, fraught with disturbance;
in its effects, possibly with the overthrow of the bal-
ances of power which compose the frame and the
value of the constitution. This is the primary as-
pect in which the subject should be regarded. This
element it is which constitutes the real and sur-
passing magnitude of the question.
Sir, gentlemen on all sides of the debate have
spoken much of the questions of expediency con-
nected with this subject. I should, for my own
pait, blush, in the view I entertain of it, to give
place to any considerations of expediency whatever.
I know very well that there are great considerations
of commercial, navigating, and manufacturing in-
terests, which will be affected essentially by the an-
nexation of Texas to the United States. I know,
too, that there is a great question which will be
largely influenced, of conflict between too highly
sensitive characters of population, which agitates
this country. Inapplicable, nevertheless, as appears
to me, are even such high considerations as these,
when the question is whether, and how much long-
er, under the possible effects of this proposed meas-
ure, we may have our constitution, or have it as it
is. I know very well, at the time 1 am making these
remarks—as well as any senator on this floor—that
those who are so strenuously advocating the annex-
ation of Texas to the Union stand on the basis of a
decided popular determination in its favor. I know
that the annexation is a measure ordained, and will
speedily be consummated. I admit, too, that my
own constituents, so far as I am advised, partake
strongly of the passion for this result. I shall not per-
mit these considerations to sway my course. In all
matters of mere expediency, I am disposed to sub-
mit my judgment to the guidance of an ascertained
public opinion, and more especially the opinion of
my immediate constituents, it is my earnest desire
that on all subjects I should be found concurring
with these last; but when questions come withi i the
department of constitution or conscience, the domain
of jurisdiction becomes exclusively my own, into
which my constituents have no more the privilege
than, as I persuade myself, the disposition, to in-
trude to restrict me. In the expression of this opin-
ion I do not speatc at hazard. At the Ias>t session of
the legislature of Virginia, which has recently ter-
minated, the desire for the annexation of Texas
was manifested decidedly in both branches, and the
opinion expressed in one in favor of the constitu-
tutionality of the annexation by the power of Con-
gress. In this expression the other branch refused
to concur—no less justly than generously conclud-
ing that it was a matter to be left to the^conscien*
tious determination of their senators. S:r, I have
been deeply impressed with tins liberal conduct of
the legislature; and it would constrain me to mcike
any surrender short of conscientious conviction to
gratify its wishes. In this sentiment I am sure my
colleague, [Mr. Rives,] standing* in identically ihe
sanv- predicament, partakes equally with myself,
itis the basis, Mr. President, of free government,
that the powers committed to its exercise should be
distributed to several fegents, representing diversi-
ties of social interest, and from this cause recipro-
cally checking the abuse of powjr. In the variety
of interests, this arrangement is required to provide
protection for ail these interests against the predorn-
mating influence of the strongest. This it is which
has led, in fiee governments, to a separation of
their powers into departments, each to observe its
proper sphere of opeiation, respectively, without in-
trusion into that of any other. Each interest in the
State is in this way provided in greater or less
degree with its representative to guard it. We
have heard of late a great deal of declamation on the
subject of what has been denominated a one-man
power; but let me tell honorable gentlemen that a
one-will power—that is to say, the overmastering
rule of any one interest in the State, or its represent-
ative in the government—is as much a despotism
as a one-man power; the domination in each case of
an exclusive will The appropri&ts definition of
