Feb. 1845.
28th Cong 2d Sess.
appendix to the congressional globe.
-Mr. Archer.
327
Annexation of Texas-
Senate.
despotism is, government in which a single power,
or branch of authority, controls, whether it be of a
man, a class, or even the majority of the communi-
ty, without any correlative power to check it in the
guardianship of interests distinct from those it re-
presents. It cannot be denied that a spirit is now
extensively active in this country, gaining strength
every day amid the people and in our councils, to
admit in this government an absorbing control of
that department which is the direct representative of
the popular element in the government, in deroga-
tion of its other and no less important one—its fed-
eiative element.
Sir, this is no figment of declamation, heated in
debate. It is almost the express proposition stated
by the honorable senator from South Carolina, [Mr.
McDrFFie.j
[Here Mr. McDuffib rose to explain.]
Mr. Archer. Sir, I am not mistaken. 1 was
extremely attentive, because I was extremely struck
with the language of the honorable senator; and it is
impossible that the impression made on me should
deceive me. And in what terms did he express
himself of [he Senate, of which he is a membei?
Did he not deny the doctrine of its being the pecu-
liar representative here of the States? Did he not
deride the idea of any peculiar safety in this view of
its character—of the requisition of two-thirds, where
treaties were to be made; insisting that it was not
this character, but the smallness of its number,
which formed the consideration for assigning to it
this office' Did he not go into a derisive calculation
to show how small a safeguard, at the formation of
the constitution, was to be found in this requisition
of two-thirds of the senators in the formation of
treaties?—tiiat, from this same cause, this was the
department not the most, but the least safe to be in-
trusted with the function, as it might be the most
easily corrupted?—that it would be seldom difficult,
where the object was of sufficient consequence, to
accomplish the work of corruption?—and that when-
ever we had a C:e:sar, it would inevitably beaCa'sar
with a Senate at his heels? Did he not warn us that
we would render ourselves the laughing-stock of
Europe, (1 use Ins own expression,) by opposing
omsclves, on this subject of the annexation of
Texus, to the popular will? The laughing-stock of
Europe, for opposing ourselves to the popular will!
1 should be i>lad that the honorable senator would
explain for what purpose a Senate is established, as
distinct from the popular representative in the gov-
ernment, if it be not to resist that representative or
the will it represents, if this be required, or be be-
lieved to be required, for the preservation of the con-
stitution' Why have a second branch of Congress,
separated by mode of election and tenure, if im-
plicit subservience is due from it to the popular
branch'
Thcae doctrines, sir, are monstrous—at war with
the principles of ours, and of all safe political consti-
tutions; and they are the doctrines on which the
submission of the Senate, now, here, in this contro-
versy, on this proposition, is demanded.
Before proceeding in the argument, sir, I oive at-
tention to the personal allusion which has been made
to me by two senators in the debate—the senator
from Georgia, [Me. Colquitt,] and the senator from
New York, [Mr Dickinson] They have referred
to an opinion incidentally expressed in the speech
which 1 delivered at the last session on the subject
of the treaty with Texas, that Congress had the
power to introduce Texas as a State into the
union. Sir, it is very true that I did express on
that occasion this opinion, misled by the general-
ity of (he clause in the constitution authorizing
the admission of new States into the Union, and
without the adequate examination which I had
at that time no occasion to give to it. At this
session, it has been made my special duty to be-
stow this adequate examination, and it has re-
sulted, first, in the conviction of the error of my
former opinion on this subject, and of the further
error of the practice of stating opinions other than
those at issue in the progress of discussion. I take
no exception to this imputation on the consistency
of my opinions, on the part of those gentlemen,
which I ascribe to no intention of discourtesy. On
the contrary, I rather regard it as a compliment to
my present. argument, when that is left to make an
attack on my consistency. But let me take this oc-
casion to say that I regard inconsistency of opinion
not only as not involving necessarily injurious im-
putation, but as honorable, where accompanied by
no color for doubt as to the rectitude of the motive
which hus produced it. i should be concerned to
think that my opinions derive no change or refoim
from the progress of time or information, and deem
very slightly of myself if I were prevented, by any
weak feeling of false shame, from the avowal of this
change or reform, when become aware of it. 1 hose
senators, however, have done me the honor to reter
triumphantly to the report of the Committee on
Foreign Relations, to find there evidence that 1 now
admit the existence of a power to introduce Texas
into the Union. They have said that I assign in the
report a mere auxiliary character to the treaty-ma-
king power of the government, designed to carry into
effect the objects of the express powers of the consti-
tution, and that this power to admit new States being
one of the powers expressed in the constitution, the
treaty-making power may legitimately be employed
to carry its objects into execution. Sir, this is all
true. One of the objects of the argument of the
report was to establish this proposition, that there
was a lawful mode of the introduction of Texas;
that, supposing the wish of the people, expressed
by their representatives, the Congress of the Uni-
ted States, to make the acquisition of Texas, it
would belong to the office and to the duty of the
treaty-making power—of the President and Senate
—to give effect to this wish, with the reserve, how-
ever, of its proper discretion as regarded the char-
acter of the conditions and terms of the engage-
ment by which it would be effected.
But is that the question here? Does not the re-
port, whilst it admits that the object might be ac-
complished in the mode indicated, and ought to be
attempted if required by the people, insist, at the
same time, that it can only be lawful in this mode
of treaty? The admission of this mode as lawful,
not only does not set up another in the same char-
acter, but, on the contrary, excludes it in every
other mode. Surely, because an object may be de-
sirable and right in itself, it does not follow that
there is to be no discrimination under a strictly de-
fined political constitution, as respects the form in
which, or the department of the government by
which, it is to be effected. This is, indeed, the doc-
trine of the gentleman from Arkansas, [Mr. Ash-
let,] who made his debut in this debate. But in it
a sound doctrine? He maintained that what Con-
gress might invite another organ (.the President and
Senate) to do, it might therefore do by itself; what
it might do indirectly it might do directly, by an
immediate exercise of its own authority. Extraor-
dinary doctrine this, that the distribution and sepa-
ration of functions appointed to the different de-
partments of power by the constitution, Congress
is at liberty to confound! Is this anything less than
the dogma that there is but a single department of
real authority in the government, and that the dis-
tinction which it ordains in this respect may be at
discretion annulled by one of its departments?
Sir, in what respect does the assumption of a
peremptory control of one department of power in
the government over another, distinct from it in the
constitution, differ from the assumption of this same
power, if not given at all by the constitution? Is
not the usurpation as palpable and as flagrant in the
one case as in the other? Is it not as perilous—the
same identically in its effect? And now, in this
view of the ca.se, let the different modes in which it
is proposed by the contestant parties to effect the
annexation of Texas be compared, or rather con-
trasted. What is it that we on our side propose?
To enter into an engagement with the authorities
and people of Texa3, by the organ appointed in
our constitution to contract engagements with for-
eign States, to admit her territory and people into
the Union on the condition to be formed, as our
other new States have been formed, into members
of this confederacy. Here the power, appointed by
the constitution to this office, of contracting with
foreign powers, is allowed to exert its designated
office. But what is the aspect of this act, in the
other case, by the proposition of our adversaries?
It is not contested that conditions and engagements
will be required, as indispensable preliminaries to
the acquisition of Texas. This is insusceptible of
dispute. It is presented on the face of all the prop-
ositions for acquisition which have been submitted
in either body. It is notoriously indispensable.
But, conceding this state of fact, the House of Rep-
resentatives, one of the departments of this gov-
ernment, undertakes to furnish to another depart-
ment of the government, as distinctly established as
itself and its powers as notoriously assigued in the
constitution, a specific schedule and inventory of the
conditions it is to stipulate and the acts it is to per-
form in the exercise of its own allotted function, as
if it had no office independent of Congress under
the constitution. This is the anomaly presented m
the proceedings of the House of Representatives,
this is the perilous encroachment which it asserts.
This is the act of supercession of an important
functionary of the constitution, which we should
commit by the adoption of this proceeding of the
House of Representatives. And why? To what
end? With that'view? Do not many of those who
advocate so strenuously the passage of the reso-
lution of the House admit there is room for
doubt as regards the regularity of the mode of
proceeding it proposes? Why, then, not a°opfc
the mode which, with rare exceptions, it is admitted
on all hands, by those who oppose annexation on
other grounds, would be constitutional? Is it be-
cause the fear is entertained that the requisite ma-
jority of two-thirds cannot be obtained in the event
of the reference of the decision to the treaty-making
power? Would gentlemen give color to this ap-
pearance of paltering with the constitution? The
result would be the same in either view, attained m
one or the other of these modes.
Do they mean to leave room for the imputation
that they have been governed by a mere considera-
tion of feasibility of their object in one of these
modes? that this is their standard, the feasible or
unfeasible, for the construction of the constitution?
In persistance in their mode of acquisition, do they
not forget, too, that they, in this event, would have
to renounce arrangements which they admit to be
essential or advantageous, which they cannot deny,
indeed, in their own views, to be indispensable.
There is no effective provision in the resolutions
from the House of Representatives for the subdivi-
sion of the territory of Texas into several States, in-
stead of coming to us in her present magnitude of a
single State. Is there any zealot for admission who
would be willing to introduce Texas in this charac-
ter? And where is the guaranty on this subject, if
she is to be admitted under the operation of the
present resolution? The declaration has been im-
puted in the public prints to an honorable senator
from Missouri, [Mr. Benton,] who is regarded as
more than ordinarily conversant with the affairs of
Texas, that the debt of Texas amounts to a sum
exceeding twenty millions of dollars. Is there any
man, or, in any event, any State of the Union, dis-
posed to pay this price for the acquisition of Texas?
A majority of persons, too, think it important to
fix a provision on the subject of the distribution of
the territory of Texas between the two different
characters of population recognised in the Union.
How is provision to be made for these objects, if we
dispense' with the treaty-making power, and refer to
Congress exclusively the control in the introduction
of Texas to the Union?
1 come now, sir, to bestow some brief considera-
tion on the clause of the constitution, the subject of
so much comment. It reads:
"New States may be admittedby Congress into this Union,
but no new State shall be formed orerected within the juris-
diction of any other State, nor any State be formed by the
junction of two or more States, or parts of States, without
the consent of the legislatures of the States concerned,
as well as of the Congress."
The foundation of the claim of Congress,"under
this provision, to admit a foreign State, is found in
the generality of the phraseology. And the senator
from Pennsylvania [Mr. Buchanen.] in very sol-
em form, read a passage from Vattel to the effect
that, in the construction of public instruments, that
was not to be interpreted which did not stand in
need of interpretation. Now, it would be easy to
oppose to this dogma the converse, that that which
stands in need of interpretation is to be interpretated;
and various, and to my mind conclusive, reasons
have been given why the clause in question does
stand in need of interpretation, by reference to es-
tablished and known tests for the construction of
public instruments.
The report of the Committee on Foreign Rela-
tions gave a synopsis of these tests, and brought
this clause to be tried by the application of them.
One of these tests was furnished by the considera-
tion of a subsistence of sufficient matter within the
Union to satisfy the clause, without giving it an
operation extra-territorial to the Union.
This is the topic which has engrossed the largest
share of the debate. It has been abundantly shown,
by several gentlemen ,not only that the matter, interior
and domestic, was sufficient for the satisfaction of
the clause, but by reference to the entire history of
its adoption in the convention which framed the con-
stitution, the various modifications it underwent.
