330
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
Feb. 1843.
28th Coug 2d'Sess.
On the admission of Iowa and Florida—Mr. Vinton.
H. of Reps.
aggression? We shall have to admit all. There
will be a power here against which it will be in
vain to rebel; and against which no southern man
that gives his vote here to-day, for this measure
ought tp have the face to protest, or to interpose a
question of doubt as to the consistency, or propriety,
or constitutionality of such a course. The protest
would, indeed, be treated, as it would deserve to be
treated from such a source, with contempt.
We will have, then, all these West India blacks
upon an equality with us, and a part of us, here,
sitting by our sides. And then the northern States
will say, if you have these new States on the south
we must have a counterbalance by States to be in-
troduced on the north; we must have New Bruns-
wick, Canada, and Nova Scotia. Will the States
of the North ever want occasions for the introduc-
tion of States in that quarter to maintain the equi-
librium of their scale in the government? Not at
all. A few years ago we heard of dissensions in
Canada—the result of no diffused or reasonable dis-
content of the body of the people. Philanthropic
democrats were found in New York, abounding on
the border, to carry their doctrines of reform beyond
the line, stir up political commotion, and find out
that the country demanded anew government.
Whenever the northern States want Canada, it
will be easy to find or frame a temper of dissatisfac-
tion in portions of the population with the subsist-
ing government. With the large augmentation
which our population is destined speedily to reach,
there will be no possibility of staying our progress.
We shall have to add State after State to tbe Union;
and the addition in one quarter—say at the South—
will render necessary additions in the opposite quar-
ter, to prevent the derangement of the counterpoise.
Add the West India islands. These must be coun-
terpoised by the Canadas. In these results, what
becomes of the guaranties to Rhode Island, and
Delaware, and Maryland, and that class of our
present States for which, with their compeers, they
contended so strenuously in the convention that
framed the constitution, and but for the concession
of which the adoption, it has been seen, would have
been frustrated? After going around the territory at
present contiguous to the United States, there lie be-
fore us the whole region and series of States, from
Texas to the Pacific. In the contentions of party
in these communities, respectively, cannot invita-
tions be found or occasions framed for annexing
them, with a real or seeming concurrence of the
popular will, to be united with a confederacy so
powerful as ours? We have already heard in-
vented, some little time ago, a disposition in Mexico
to be annexed, and the facility affirmed of effecting
it. The probability is, that, if not at present, at no
very distant time, the country might be brought to
desire this result. The annexation of Texas is the
first step; and we know, as an axiom of moral
philosophy, that it is the first step that makes the
difficulty in such advances. In the incessant revo-
lutiens of political parties which that government
has experienced, and seems destined to exhibit,
there can be no difficulty in finding a party in the
transitory possession of the government, having no
real basis of power, or desirous to illustrate by some
sjgnal event a feeble administration, which can be
brought to invite or concur in the policy of annexa-
tion. Suppose, then, a party in Mexico ascendent,
yet in minority; it addresses itself to Congress
nicely divided by party in the United States; have
we not already seen that one of the parties here
would be found ready to clutch at the proposal, and
to carry it, by similar arguments or similar clamor,
to those we have recently witnessed, into effect? Ap-
peal in these circumstances may be dispensed with
to the body of the people of Mexico. An impos-
ing position of the armies and fleets of the .United
States, such as that of which we have lately had a
specimen, may put an effectual restraint on the ex-
ercise of free deliberation. Or why not assume, as
we now do in regard to Texas, unconsulted, thatthe
temper of the people is favorable to annexation—that
they desire it—and adopt proceedings, as we now
do, to carry the measure of annexation into effect?
The case could hardly, in that event, be more strik-
ing than the present; and, taking these starting
points of Texas and Mexico, how is our progress
in the same course to be arrested, and where is our
scheme of the extension of dominion to stop? What
can be unlawful or irregular that is done in the real
spirit of the extension of the area of freedom—de-
mocracy? The end so excellent, are there any
means to which it will not lend sanction and validi-
ty? For democratic any more than religious fa-
naticism, where are trammels of reason or justice,
or respect for the rights of others, to be found? Dan-
ton and Robespierre, with their fellows, were they
not votaries of democracy, notoriously sincere, real
zealots of the cause, who, in that name, after del-
uging their own country with blood, carried devas-
tation over all Europe, to extend the area of free-
dom, and thought they were justified in doing it?
With this lesson of instruction before our eyes,
are we asleep? are we dead to the moral it inculcates?
Is it possible that there should be minds on wheh
the warning of the French revolution impresses no
monition as respects this insatiable character of the
spirit of democratic fraternization, which, when in
ascendency and strength, is found not to permit the
countries where it intrudes to judge for themselves
of the form of political institution they should pre-
fer? Sir, this is the greatest and most instructive,
and most exuberant of all topics. Neither my
strength nor the time that remains to us for this dis-
cussion will allow me to pursue it. Much it would
be in my power and inclination to say, if circum-
stances permitted; for never man felt more strongly
the surpassing importance of any subject than I do
of this.
[Here several senators suggested a recess, for Mr.
A.'s accommodation ]
No, sir; there is little more that I am able now to
say as it should be said. 1 have stated enough, I
hope, to impress the purpose I have had principally
in view, to show that this act of the incorporation of
Texas, by the mere power of Congress, will not
only effect a breach of the constitution, but a higher
breach of the essential counterpoise of its princi-
ples and arrangements of its powers which com-
pose the integrity of the system.
All admit that the preservation of the system forms
the problem of the destiny of free government, pres-
ent and future. The annexation of Texas, in
the mode proposed, is' probably the first, the
elementary, and, it may be, the decisive step in
the solution of the momentous pioblem; and
the annunciation of this fact will possibly m
future time be regarded like the memorable prophecy
of Cassandra—the unheeded disclosure of fate.
The field of contest on which we are now engaged
in debate will be looked at and pointed to in history
as the American Pharsalia, on which Ceesar contend-
ed for empire with the republic—the principle of the
unrestricted domination of a numerical majority
with the safeguards of a balanced and limited con-
stitution. And whose, sir, will be the honor or the
shame in history of waging the contest, howev-
er it may be unavailing, for the constitution and the
republic? Of whom is it peculiarly the duty? Was
it not the Senate of Rome? Is it not the Senate
here? Is it not a high right and guaranty of the
States asserted in the constitution at stake? And
are not ve the appointed trustees and guardians of
the rights and guaranties of the States under the
constitution' Shall we desert this high trust'—be-
tray it?—renounce, under the impulse of an ungov-
erned lust of territorial acquisition or transient party
feeling, duty, reputation, and all the great influ-
ences on the futuie involved in the preservation of
our fidelity? It will belong to the decision of this
night- to give the answer to these inquiries.
Mr. President, my colleague and friend [Mr.
Ri\es] concluded his excellent speech with an allu-
sion to an illustrious character and touching incident
of modern Irish history. He told you of the ex-
pression of Grattan, the author of the constitution
of his country, that if had been at once his fortune
to watch by its cradle and to follow its hearse.
And my colleague said that as there were per-
sons living who had witnessed the birth of our
constitution, so, if the act now proposed were consum-
mated, there might be those who would follow it to
an untimely grave. Let me tell my colleague that
he is young enough to be probably one of these—
not to follow to a quiet though unhonored grave,
such as the Irish constitution found, but to witness
the spectacle of the body torn in pieces, without
reaching that refuge, in the bacchanalian excesses of
democracy, triumphing over restiaints and spurning
moderation.
Sir, when history shall be searching the archives
of this time, Virginia shall have the pride to indulte
that she had two senators here, who, consulting no
transient illusion under which she labored, lifted a
determined though unavailing voice against this
blow of parricide struck at the constitution. Oh,
that we had the voice of the clarion, to convey the
pulses of our alarm and deprecation to the hearts of
our countrymen! Sir, my colleague will have de-
scendants to inherit and cherish this heir-loom of
his honor. My personal concern in events is limit-
ed to myself. But for the present possession of
the lands of Texas I would not change my position
to this question—consent to stand recorded in his-
tory in the number of those who, "for so much vile
earth as may be grasped thus in the hand," (for
such in the comparison is Texas,) will have bar-
tered an essential safeguard of this constitution—the
monument of our liberties, and, at the same time,
their muniment—their temple at once and their for-
tress, which, if it could be preserved unimpaired,
the happiness of this people could have no limit as-
signed to its extent nor period to its duration.
\
SPEECH OF MR. VINTON,
of ohio.
In the House of Representatives, February 11, 1845—
On the bill to admit the States of Iowa and Flori-
da into the Union.
The House being in Committee of the Whole on
the state of the Union, and having under considera-
tion the bill to admit Iowa and Florida into the
Union as States,
' Mr. VINTON, of Ohio, addressed the committee
as follows:
Mr. Chairman: The question of the formation of
new State3 and their admission into the Union, has
always been regarded, and ever must be, as often as
it arises, one of grave importance. Few questions
upon which Congress is called to act can exert a
more vital and abiding influence upon the confede-
racy than the introduction into it of a new member,
with a share, in all time to come, in the legislative
and other departments of the government. It is a
proceeding that gives a new identity to the republic,
and cannot fail to have a greater or less influence
upon the ultimate destiny and stability of the Union
itself. When such a question is presented, it be-
comes us to consider it and its influence gravely,
and with the eyes of statesmen: since the act when
done is fixed and irrevocable, whatever may be the
evils flowing from it. In laying down the extent
of new States, attention ought to be paid to making
them of suitable and convenient size for the pur-
poses of government; the geographical affinities and
dependence of its parts ought to be consulted; and
in marking out their limits due regard should also be
had to the convenience, natural relations, form and
extent of country surrounding or adjacent to the
new State, so that States to Tbe thereafter formed
may have like advantages as far as practicable. The
bill now under consideration assigns to the proposed
State of Iowa an extent of territory larger than the
State of Ohio by more than one-third, and possess-
ing a soil in no degree inferior in fertility to that
State; while, at the same time, the country both
north and west of it, from which two other States
ought to be formed, is left in a very inconvenient
shape for States. On each side the lion's share is
given to Iowa.
The motion of my colleague, [Mr. Duncan,]
whichJs the pending question now before the com-
mittee, proposes to alter these boundaries by re-
ducing the State of Iowa to the size of the State of
Ohio, In my opinion the amendment ought to be
adopted. I anrthe more solicitous on this subject,
and particularly anxious that a State of unsuitable
extent should not be made in thaUpart of the west-
ern country, in consequence of the unwise and mis-
taken policy towards that section of the Union
which has hitherto prevailed in forming western
States, by which the great valley of the Mississippi
has been deprived, and irrevocably so, of its due
share in the legislation of the country. I propose to
go back into the history of that legislation; and
while I do it I must bespeak the attention of gentle-
men of all parts of the country, and particularly the
ear of western gentlemen; for I am apprehensive
that even they are not es familiar as they should be
with the early promises that were made to the West
on this most important subject, with the pledges
that were iriven it of future and prospective power
and consequence in the confederacy; of the with-
drawal of these promises and pledges, and the sub-
stitution m their stead of a policy designed to de-
prive it of its just share in the federal councils; a
policy conceived and carried into execution when it
had no power to resist; when it had none to stand up
here to vindicate its rights; when power, prejudice, and
error of opinion combined together-to make it subser-
vient in all time to 4«kne to Atlantic policy and rule.
The first legislative tjetoryop dates toft?!?
