Feb. 1845.
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
331
28th Cong 2d Sess.
On the admission of Iowa and Florida—Mr. Vinton.
H. of Reps.
asearlyas the American revolution. It is weil known
that Congress was at that time exceedingly desirous
of obtaining cessions of the western country to the
confederacy. Among other inducements held out
to the States having vacant western lands to make
cessions of them to the United States, Congress, on
the 10th of October, A. D. 1780, passed a resolution
making various promises in respect to the country
that might be ceded, and among them was the prom-
ise that the lands so ceded should—
"Be settled and formed into distinct republican States,
which shall become members of the lederal Union, and have
the same rights of sovereignty, lieeJoin, and independence
as the other States, that each State w Inch shall he so formed
shall contain a suitable extent ol territory, no less than one
hundred nor more tiian one hundred and lilt) miles square,
or as neai thereto as circumstances will admit."—1 vol. Laws
United S'u/c-,,2''
Influenced by this resolution, the Commonwealth
of Vnguiia, on the 20th of October, 1783, passed an
act ceding to the United States her claims to the ter-
ritory beyond the Ohio river on various trust con-
ditions, the fhst of which is in these words:
"Upon condition that the temtory s>o callcil shall be laid
out aiul formed into States containing a suitable extent of
temtory, not less than one humhed nor more than one hun-
dred and fifty miles square, ot as near thcieto as circum-
stances will admit, ami that thu States so loimed shall be
distinct lepublican States, and admitted members of the fed-
eral Union, having the same rights ot sovereignty, lreodom,
and independence as the other States.11—bee I iol Lutes
U. S.,j>^c 4? I.
On the £3d of April next after this act ofcessiun
by Virginia, Congress proceeded to make provision
for the execution of the beforementioned condition
ill inspect to new States. Dy nil ordnance of that
date the country was laid out into States of a rec-
tangular form, lying between ceitain parallels of
latitude and certain meridians of longitude. The
ordinance declared that from and after the sale of
any part of the lenitory within any one of the
Suites herein marked out, that ordinance should !
tlicnecforth be irrevocable but by the joint consent
of the United States in Congress assembled} and of
the particular State within which such alteration
might be proposed to be made. And here, Mr.
Chairman, let me remark that the country beyond
the Ohio river, when laid out into States of not more
than one hundred and fifty miles squate, according
to the conditions of the Virginia act of cession,
would contain from twelve to fourteen States. In
addition to these, it was expected a new State would
be formed in that part of the then western Virginia
which constitutes the present State of Kentucky,
and that the then western North Carolina and now
State of Tennessee would also be formed into one
or more Stales. The necessary effect of these ar-
rangements, if carried out, would have been ulti-
mately to give to the country beyond the moun-
tains a majority of States in the confederacy, even if
no accession of territoiy had been acquired beyond
the original limits of the United States as fixed by
the treaty of peace with Great Britain in 1783.
Shortly after the conclusion of the war with Eng-
land, vciy serious, difficulties arose between Spam
and the United States respecting the navigation of
the Mississippi. Our settleis in Kentucky and
Tennesso, who had planted themselves m this dis-
tant wilderness, regawled the Alleghanies as forrft-
in<r an impassable barrier between them and their
Atlantic brethren; and naturally looked to the Mis-
sissippi and the outlet through (he Gull' of Mexico
as their only road to market, and as a region to
winch they were by nature mdissolubly united.
At the same time an opinion seems to have sprung
up in the Atlantic Suites that the intoiesfs of the
transmontane country would always be adverse to
theirs; while it wai seen, with no little apprehension,
that by the then political arrangements the power of
the confederacy would ultimately pass from the east
to the west side of the Alleghanies. To prevent
this, Congress began to think of retracing its steps,
and of adopting such measures as would in all
future time secure the ascendency to the Atlantic
States. Accordingly, on the 7th of July, 1786,
Congress passed a resolution recommending to the
legislature of Virginia "'to take into corisideiation
their act of cession, and revise the same so far as to
empower the United States in Congress assembled
to make such a division of the territory of the United
States lying northerly and westerly of the river
Ohio into distinct republican States, not more than
live nor less than three, as the situation of that coun-
try and future circumstances may require."—(See
vol. 1, p, 495, Laws U. S.)
In the following year (1787) the convention as-
sembled that formed the constitution of the United
States; Virginia had net then given her assent to the
alteration of her act of cession proposed by the be-
fore-mentioned resolutions of Congress of 1786.
The state of things on this subject, therefore, still
remained such as has been already described. The
convention met in May of that year, and while it
was still engaged in the work of forming a constitu-
tion, Congress, which was also in session, on the
13th of July passed the celebrated ordnance, com-
monly called "the ordnance of 1787," for the gov-
ernmentof the territory northwest of the Ohio river.
In this ordnance certain articles, and among them
that prohibiting slavery in the territory, were intro-
duced and declared to be articles of compact between
the United Stages and the people of the territory; that
they should form the basis of all States and govern-
ments that might be thereafter established in the
same, and irrevocable, cxcept by the common con-
sent of the United States and the people of the terri-
tory. The 5th of these articles provides that the
territory shall be formed into not less than three nor
more than five States; but as the Virginia act of ces-
sion stood in the way of this article, it was provided
that it should not take effect till Virginia gave her
assent to it. The rest of the ordinance went into ef-
fect from the date of its passage. This ordinance
also repealed the act of 1784, providing for the di-
vision of the territoiy into States—thus leaving that
subject to stand on the basis of the act of cession.
In the convention that formed the constitution of the
United States, the prospect of the balance of power
ultimately passing from the East to the West was a
subject repeatedly mentioned in the debates of that
body. As they had no means of compelling Vir-
ginia to give her assent to the alteration of her act of
cession proposed by the resolution of 1786 and the
ordinance of 1787, other means of retaining and se-
curing Atlantic ascendency were spoken of. Theie
were those in the convention who were opposed to
giving the new States equal powers with the old,
and in that way secure the government of the coun-
try to the old members of the confederacy. The
more sagacious portion of the convention, however,
foresaw that if new States were introduced into the
Union, they must be placed on a footing of equality
in all respects with the other States; that the new
States would never rest easy till they were put on
that footing; that they would carry their point
sooner or later, and even by force, if by no other
means; and that good policy dictated the yielding of
that voluntarily which would in the end be given
up. The constitution was formed by the conven-
tion and adopted by the people, such as I have de-
scribed it, being the state of the law respecting the
formation of new States on the northwest side of the
Ohio river. It was not till the 30th of December,
1788, a little more than two months before the first
Congress assembled under the new constitution, that
Virginia finally acceded to the proposed change in
her act of cession.
And now, Mr. Chairman, what has been the ef-
fect of this change, and of the withdrawal of the
promises made to the West on this subject? The
vast and fertile region between the Ohio, the Lakes,
and the Mississippi has been thus reduced from
twelve or fourteen States to five at the most. States
fitted for empires have been foimed there, and, with
a prospective population of not jess than fifty mil-
lions,'it can never have but ten vot6s in the Senate
of the United States.
[Here Mr. C. J. Ingerboll said, "But they will
have a representation in this House according to
their population.'1]
Mr. Vinton resumed. Sir, what laws can this
House pass without the consent of the Senate,
which (for reasons there is not now time, to &tate,)
must always be the controlling body in the legisla-
tive department of the government? The act of
■1784 provided that a State should be formed east of
a line drawn from the mouth of the great Kanawha
river due north to Lake Ene, crossing the Mus-
kingum liver at or near the present town of Zanes-
vitle, making two States of the present State of
Ohio, each of which would at this time contain a
population equal to that of Massachusetts, North
Carolina, or Kentucky, and capable, when fully
peopled, of sustaining from four to five millions
each. Under this new arrangement the great diffi-
culty has been to make five States large enough to
use up the territory without violating all the natural
relations of the country. For this end, the limits of
Illinois, when regard is had to the fertility of her
soil, were enlarged to an unreasonable extent. Na-
ture marked out a State" within the peninsula of
Michigan; but the same necessity forced her bound-
ary across Lake Michigan, and assigned her a ter-
ritory almost large enough for a State between that
Lake and Lake Superior, thus dividing the State of
Michigan in a manner the most inconvenient and
unnatural imaginable, separating her into two great
divisions, between whicn for near one-half of the
year communication is almost impossible. And at
last a territory remains, which, under this arrange-
ment, can only be formed into one State, containing,
by estimation, eighty-five thousand square miles,
stretching from north to south, over six and a
half degress of latitude, and bounded on the Mis-
sissippi river a full thousand miles. As an equita-
ble compensation to the western country for this
flagrant injustice, 1 would make a series ofB small
States on the opposite bank of that river. The
United States is formed by nature into two great di-
visions—the Atlantic and the we&tern country; the
latter embracing the Mississippi and all its tributa-
ries, the former all of the Atlantic slope north and
east of the waters of that river. In forming the
western divisions into States, this Atlantic policy
has not been confined to the country beyond the
Ohio river. States with great extent of territory
have been formed on both sides of the Mississippi,
from its mouth up; some of them, and especially
Missouri, being of unreasonable dimensions; and
now the bill under consideration proposes to carve
out another empire from what remains of the west-
ern country, to be formed into the State of Iowa,
giving to it an extent of territory which, with its
known fertility, is capable, when fully peopled, of
sustaining not less than fifteen millions of human
beings; while at the same time, in conformity to
the old policy, I see the bill contains a provision
that, when either East or West Florida shall contain
a population of thirty-five thousand inhabitants, it
may be divided into two States; that is to say, when
either division of Florida shall contain a population
about equal to one-third part of the country in Ohio
represented by my colleague who offered the pend-
ing amendment, it is to come into the Union with
two votes in the Senate of the United States.
If Florida were ready to-day for admission on
this basis, it would give to one man there as much
power in the Senate of the United States as is pos-
sessed by forty men in Ohio; for Ohio has more
than forty times thirty-five thousand inhabitants.
Now, Mr. Chairman, in all sober earnestness, I ap-
peal to western gentlemen to say if they will give
their consent to this injustice; and to gentlemen from
other sections of the Union, if they will lend their
countenance to it. I am for voting in the amend-
ment of my colleague to reduce the boundaries of
Iowa, and then, if Florida is to be divided, I would
bisect Iowa again. One-half of Iowa will always
contain twice as much population as the whole of
Florida. But I said, sir, that this policy, thus early
begun, has not been confined to that portion of the
West lying between the Ohio and the Mississippi,
but has been steadily pursued in respect to the
whole of that great division of the United States,
and carried into execution, too, at a time when the
West had not the means of making an effectual
stand against it in this or the other branch of Con-
gress. Let us see how the account stands, in point
of numbeis, between the East and the West.
My colleague says there is country enough north
of Iowa for one State and west of it for an-
other, before you reach the great desert on this side
{.he Rocky mountains; and Wisconsin, with her huge
proportions, will come in also, making., with Iowa,
four new States in that quarter. Counting Louis-
iana and all the States north of it on both sides of
the Mississippi, and all west of Ohio, that State in-
clusive, and we have in all eleven States. The four
new States added will give to the western division
this side the Rocky Mountains fifteen States; while
there are now north of the States of Louisiana and
Mississippi, and east of the Alleghanies, sixteen
States; Florida will make seventeen, and, if divided,
eighteen in the Atlantic division to fifteen in the
western. While the latter division is destined ulti-
mately to contain twice or three times as many in-
habitants as the former, thr.t great fertile valley of
the upper waters of the Mississippi, which spreads
out from the sources of the Monongahela and Al-
leghany rivers to the head waters of the Missouri,
will always contain the heart and seat of the popu-
lation of the Union. If this be so, I would inquire
is it just as between the two divisions of the coun-
try, is it politic to deprive the West of its due share
of power in the Senate of the United States? Just
it certainly is not; that I need not argue. Is it politic,
X ask again? That I propose to discuss. And her$
