334
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
Jan. 1845.
28th Cong 2b Sess.
Annexation of Texas—Mr. Hudson,
H. of Reps.
by the standing committees, even in regard to sub-
jects of minor importance? The House expects of
them a presentation of the leading facts of the ca3e,
and at least an outline of the argument; and in this
they are not often disappointed. And when the
subject is of great importance, and comparatively
new, I have never known an instance in which a
committee to whom it was referred had omitted to
£ resent a report. What has been the course of the
ommittee of Wtys and Means? When that com-
mittee, at the last session, brought in a bill to reduce
the tariff, they felt themselves called upon to present
reasons in support of the measure. So when the
sub-treasury was presented, that subject also had
been elucidated by a long and able report. This is
the established and the uniform course. Suppose
the Committee on Naval Affairs should present to
the House a bill to quadruple our navy: would they
-not state some reasons in favor of a measure so im-
portant? Or if the Committee on Foreign Affairs
should bring in a bill for a declaration of war against
Great Britain or Prance, would it not be deemed
unpardonabla in them to do so without offering a
single word to justify it' Yet, on this subject of an-
nexation—a subject confessedly of the greatest
importance—one which involves the national
faith—one which may lead to war, and burden
the country with a vast debt—and, above all, one
which is well calculated to sow discontent and
dissension among the States of our confedera-
cy,—when a subject like this is brought before the
House, what has been the course of the Committee
on Foreign Affairs? Did they present a single reason
in its behalf? Did they offer the shadow of an argu-
ment in support of the measure? Did they make a
report of any sort? None. Not a line. Not a
word. And what has the chairman of the commit-
tee, TMr. C. J. Ingersoll,] when he opened the
debate, told this House? That he should offer no
argument in favor of the measure until he should
hear it assailed! And the same thing has substanti-
ally been said by the other friends of the measure.
They have urged necessity—that plea of tyrants;
they have pointed to a clause in the constitution, and
attempted to show that it empowered Congress to
admit foreign territory. Suppose it does, and sup-
pose that Congress has the power: does it follow
that they ought to exercise it in this case? Have
the gentlemen pointed out the expediency of the
measure? The point has indeed been touched, but
touched very lightly. Throughout the whole de-
bate, an attentive hearer might observe a disposition
to avoid the real issue before the people.
The gentleman from Alabama, the last who spoke
from that State, [Mr. Yancey,] as if desirous of
avoiding the true question, has entirely changed the
issue, and has gone out of his way to attack Massa-
chusetts. I shall not be drawn into any personal
contest with him or with any other gentleman; nor
do I feel any particular solicitude to defend my own
native State. I am rather inclined to say with the
gentleman, "There she is: look at her." I am en-
tirely willing that she should be placed in compari-
son with the State from which that gentleman came.
I have no objections to have them placed side by
side, and to have an impartial observer to look at
their literary institutions, at their schools, at their
churches; nay, I am even willing that the compari-
son should be extended to their morals; and I am
ready, on this point, to instal the gentleman him-
self as judge. The honorable gentleman has al-
luded, among other things, to the penuriousness of
the North, and to their eager pursuit of filthy lucre.
Well, if New England is charged with the love Oi
money, and accused with the crime of being
wealthy, she enjoys under that calamity this conso-
lation at least: that what she possesses is the fruit of
her own labor, and not of the toil extorted by the
lash from another race trampled into the dust. Our
citizens eat their bread m the sweat of their own
brows—their wealth is the result of their own indus-
try and frugality.
I am not, Mr. Chairman, to be drawn aside into
any labored defence of Massachusetts, and 1 have as
little disposition to attack that gentleman's State; but
when I heard that gentleman accusing Massachu-
setts of a love of lucre, it reminded me of ail anec-
dote which I think is a fair illustration of the selfish-
ness or generosity of the two sections of the coun-
try. A friend of mine, who had long traded with
the South, entered a tailor's shop and inquired the
price of a garment. When the tailor had named his
price, the gentleman told him that he held the article
too high, and offered him a less sum, which the
tailor accepted, and asked to whom the garment
should be sent. The gentleman gave his name, and
drew his pocket-book to pay for the article, when a
sprig of southern chivalry, who happened to be
standing by, volunteered this remark: "Ah, I knew
you were from the North, by your beating him
down in his price: we of the South never do that.
But it is a way you have." "Yes," replied the
gentleman, "and we have another way, which I
have found rather uncommon at the South. We
generally pay for what we buy."
The gentleman from Alabama was also pleased to
allude to the Hartford convention, and to accuse
Massachusetts of treasonable designs. Her patriots,
whom he honored, were all departed, and their sons
had become degenerate; and, in support of this po-
sition, he alluded to certain paragraphs in the pa-
pers which were of a complexion hostile to the
Union. Now, sir, I am ready to confess that there
are in Massachusetts, a3 there are in all the northern
States, some individuals who express sentiments of
this character; but, then, let gentlemen look at the
difference between the North and the South in this
respect. In the northern States we enjoy perfect
liberty of speech. Judge Lynch has not yet estab-
lished his court in that quarter; and though a man
should stand alone in the midst of those who differ-
ed materially from him in opinion, he is at perfect
liberty to proclaim his opinions from the house-top.
1 have seen resolutions published in Massachusetts
(not so extravagant, however, as some I have read
from New York and Pennsylvania) with which I
have no sympathy at all, with which the mass of
the people have no sympathy, and to which the
whig party in that State are as much opposed
as men can be. We have among us fanatics on the
subject of disunion, for whom I am no apologist. It
is not to them that I am under obligation for a seat
on this floor; and not only myself, but the whole
whig portion of the Massachusetts delegation, were
as much opposed by these men as we were bv the
democratic party But, however reprehensible these
deluded men may be, their delusion has at least this
apology, that it grows out of a love of freedom.
But, after all, is what has appeared in Massachusetts
on this subject more treasonable or more extravagant
than has appeared in certain other States that might
be named? I have no disposition to go back to the
days of nullification. My prayer is, let all remem-
brance of such days be blotted out for ever. But I
will ask the gentleman who was so sensitive about
Massachusetts language tending to disunion, what
has the country heard from the originators and
Frime advocates of this doctrine of annexation? If
can'read lightly, I think I have seen from under
the hand of Mr. Upshur and Mr. Calhoun, two high
officers of this government, sentiments quite as revo-
lutionary in their tendency, and quite as distinctly
menacing a dissolution of the Union, as has ever
proceeded from the wildest fanatics in the North.
What have these gentlemen said? In the famous
correspondence which has been laid before the
House, the argument urged by them was this: if
slavery should be abolished in Texas, the slaves of
the South would /lee thither, and thus the perma-
nency of slavery be endangered, and its interests
weakened, and that to this the s'aveholder "would
not and ought not to submit, but would invade Tex-
as and reclaim their property." Now, these men
know that this would be a direct violation of the
constitution, and their language amounted to a decla-
ration that, in the case supposed, they would not
and ought not to obey the laws and constitution of
their country, but would have all things their own
way, the laws and the constitution to the contrary
notwithstanding.
On this subject a southern gentleman at the other
end of the Capitol, who has been a strict observer of
this whole movement, has spoken plainly. He has
declared, in open Senate, that the whole measure of
annexation originated in nullification and disunion.
When this subject was under debate in that branch,
Mr. Benton used this strong and significant language:
"The time has come for those to speak who neither fear
nor count consequences, when their country is m danger.
Nullification and disunion are revived, and revived under
circumstances which menace more danger than ever, since
coupled with a popular question, whicn gives to the plot-
ters the honest sympathies of the patriotic millions I have
often intimated it before, but now proclaim it: Disunion is
at the bottom of this long-concealed Texas machination
Intrigue and speculation co-operate; but disunion is at the
bottom, and 1 denounce it before the American people.
Under the pretext of getting Texas into the Union, the
sehome is to get the South out of it. A separate con-
federacy, stretching from the Atlantic to California, is the
cherished vision of disappointed ambition, and for the
consummation every circumstance has been carefully con-
trived.'
Such is the language of Mr. Benton, and sub-
sequent measures go far to show that he did not
misapprehend the character of this scheme. Turing
the last session a move was made in South Carolina,
and through the southern States, by the friends of
annexation, recommending a southern convention,
to take into consideration the annexation of Texas;
aad it would seem by the resolutions adopted, and
the speeches made at those meetings, that annexa-
tion or dissolution were the alternatives to be pre-
sented. At a meeting in Barnwell county, South
Carolina, one of the speakers, Colonel Trotti, is
said, in the report of his remarks, to have demon-
strated "that the safety, if not the very existence of
slavery, is dependent upon the success of annexa-
tion; and he contended, with great'power and abil-
ity, that the only true issue before the South should
be Texas or disunion." In fact, the motto, with
certain gentlemen, seems to have been "Texas with-
out the Union, rather than the Union without
Texas."
[Here Mr. Bdrt rose and wished to explain; but
Mr. H. objected, as he was limited for time. Mr.
Burt then said he hoped in future the gentleman
would be more accurate in his facts.]
Mr. Chairman, I take the facts as [ find them sta-
ted in the public press of that section of country. A
recommendation proceeded from South Carolina for
the holding of a s< uthern convention on the subject
of annexation, and the city of Nashville was select-
ed as a suitable place for the meeting of the conven-
tion. But the good people of Nashville, believing
that such a manoeuvre would reflect no great credit
upon their city, called a public meeting, ,and re-
solved that they would have no such convention
there. However, as my friend over the way [Mr,
Bdrt] seems a little sensitive on this subject, I will
send to the clerk's table a resolution adopted, not in
South Carolina, but in Alabama, in the State from
which the gentleman hails who made such a vehe-
ment attack upon Massachusetts on this very sub-
ject of disunion.
[The clerk here read the resolution adopted at a
public meeting in Lawrence county, North Alaba-
ma:
"RtsoZ: ed, That the possession of Texas is infinitely more
important to us, of this section of the Union, than a longer
connection and friendship with the northeastern States; and
if we have to yield cither, it cannot and shall not be Texas,
because the people of Texas are more nearly allied to us in
blood and congeniality of institutions, their territory more
convenient in locality, and infinitely more valuable in fer-
tility of soil and commercial advantages, than the north-
eastern States themselves, from whence now proceeds the
present unfriendly opposition to our wishes/']
Several voices inquired what paper is that? I
will inform the gentleman, said Mr. H. It is
the Whig Banner, published at Nashville, Tennes-
see. Here we have a resolution presenting the al-
ternative, a dissolution of the Union or the annexa-
tion of Texas. The persons who composed this
meeting obvisusly preferred Texas to the union of
these States, as being more promotive of their ente-
rests, wishes, views, and feelings. I will now ask
the gentleman from Alabama to say, whether he
can find anything in Massachusetts, or in any other
northern State, more extravagant than this? Besides,
when violent language appears in a northern paper,
where the press is free as air, there is no ground of
alarm; it does not follow, because a few persons
meet together and get up such resolutions, that the
people of the State have any sympathy with them.
We let people speak and (publish their opinions on
all subjects; but, if I understand the matter aright,
th^ same is not true at the South, to the same extent.
When such resolutions appear at the South, they
furnish stronger evidence of speaking the general
sentiment of the people than they\lo with us
I will now call the attention of the committee to
a few of the very few reasons which have been ad-
vanced in favor of annexation. The gentleman
who preceded me [Mr. Hammett] has gone more
fully into them than most of those who have spoken
upon that side of the question. And what has been
his great and leading argument in its favor? He has
told the committee that the commercial advantages
to oe derived from the connection with Texas would
be immensely great; and one of the gentlemen from
South Carolina [Mr. Holmes] occupied the princi-
pal part of his speech in endeavoring to show the
great advantages that would accrue to northern
commerce from this measure. Well, let gentlemen
look at what these advantages really are. What is
the amount of this commerce of Texas? The terri-
tory is not wanting in seacoast, but how many great
seaport and harbors does sli« possess? But one—
