W 1845.
APPENDIX TO ^HE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
335
28th Cong 2d Sess.
Annexation of Texas—Mr. Hudson.
H. of Reps.
the port of Galveston, with a harbor commanding
not mtr-3 than twelve feet of water—a harbor into
which a frigate could not enter. There are inlets
scattered along the coast;fsome with a depth of four
feet, and some of six; and this is the wonderful
coast which is to give employment to such a vast
amount of northern shipping, and which holds out,
such tempting advantages to New England naviga-
tion—with ports where one of Mr. Jefferson's gun-
boats? would .run aground. And what is the vast
commerce that we are to secure by annexation?
Why, what do gentlemen suppose was the amount
of imports at this our Texian port of Galveston for
the year ending July, 1844? It was $495,000. Yes,
amounting in all to not quite half a million of dol-
lars. Is it not ridiculous to hold up a commerce
hk this as furnishing employment to northern ship
owners? Is this the rich commercial territory, and
this the vast coasting trade, which is to give full
scope to the enterprise of northern ship owners and
navigators? A gieat commercial marine it would
require to carry half a million of foreign merchan-
dise into the twelve feet harbor of Galveston!
I will now inquire what is that Texian market
which is to swallow up ail the northern manufac-
tures? What is the amount of the population of
Texas? Referring to the executive message, it will
be found that it is a hundred arid fifty thousand, all
told Of this number twenty-four thousand are
slaves, leaving of free persons just about one hun-
dred and seventeen thousand, equal to the popula-
tion of any one of the three or four largest counties
in Massachusetts. These one hundred and seven-
teen thousand free white persons of Texas to swal-
low up all the manufactures of the North! and on
this ground the manufacturers of New England are
appealed to on the ground of interest!
Besides, the whole character of the country for-
bids the idea of its furnishing a market of any im-
portance for northern manufactuies. It is a new
country, just in the course of early settlement; and
who does not know that a new country like this
never consumes os much, in proportion to its popu-
lation, as an old settled community? Gentlemen
from the West will understand this; they know that
the inhabitants of a new country have their proper-
ty chiefly in lands. They may be wealthy; they
may have land in abundance; producc enough, bread
enough, and to spare, and at the same time be short
of money. It is a fact perfectly notorious that
money is more sauce m a new country than in an
old one. And as to the consumption of manufac-
tured goods, that is always less in a new settlement
than in an old of the same population. The fashion
in a new settlement does not require the same ex-
penditure, and the straitened condition of the people
induces them to manufacture many articles in their
own families.
But Texas is an exception even to this general
rule. Her inhabitants would consume less than the
people in our extreme western States. The repub-
lic itself is new; her national existence dates back
only six or eight years. During the whole of that
period she ha5- been engaged in war and convul-
sions and struggles, winch have exhausted her re-
sources and involved h«r in a heavy debt. The
government is bankrupt. Texian scrip has been
thrown into the market and sold for the merest trifle.
Under these circumstances it would be a miracle if
the resources of the people were not exhausted.
And, besides, many of the inhabitants of Texas are
fugitives from justice, and men who ran from this
country in consequence of their pecuniary embar-
rassments. What can we expect, then, but an ina-
bility to purchase articles of manufacture? T!>e gov-
ernment is poor and the people are poor. Ti.e XJT,
000 poverty stricken people to furnish a market for
all the northern and middle States' It is too ridicu-
lous for serious consideration.
But the committee are told this population will in-
crease; the country will grow and become populous.
How? By a great emigration from the United
States. But what will be the effect of this as to in-
creasing the market of the North? Suppose that I
am a manufacturer, and m the habit of supplying
my friend from Virginia near me with goods;and
suppose, after a while, he should remove to Texas:
would he be a better customer than if he remained
at home?
There is, sir, another view of this subject, which
cannot be winked out of sight. Who are the gen-
tlemen that are thus suddenly seized with so extra-
ordinary a sympathy for northern manufactures?
Who are they that hold out to Massachusetts and to
Iv'ew England this great and glorious boon? Manu-
factures seem to have grown very suddenly into favor.
And whence does this sympathy come? From the
very gentlemen who are in the habit of denouncing
manufacturers, of branding them with the appella-
tion of "robbers and plunderers." Yes, we have
often heard such language upon this floor; and du-
ring this very debate the two gentlemen from Ala-
bama [Mr. Payne and Mr. Yancey] have taunted
manufacturers with living upon ''bounties wrung
from the South." The very annexationists, those
new-born friends of northern manufacturers, have*
been constantly in the habit of assailing manufac-
turers. They have not refrained from calling them
"robbers, and plunderers, and pirates," rolling in
wealth extorted from their brethren of the southern
States.
When gentlemen, with such language upon their
tongues, come to northern men, and, in great sym-
pathy for their interests, advise them to come into
the scheme of annexation, and volunteer an argu-
ment to prove that Texas will furnish them with a
glorious market, they must not be surprised if their
advice is received with distrust, and their argument
with some small degree of allowance. But we are
to annex Texas as a State. Yes; and whnt then?
Why, we are to have immediately two Texian rep-
resentatives and two Texian senators. During the
last presidential canvass, there was published a fa-
mous pamphlet, entitled "The South in Danger,"
written, I have understood, by a certain southern
senator, [Mr. Walker, of Mississippi]—the same
gentleman who published a letter, a year ago, in fa-
vor of the annexation of Texas, a letter which con-
tained thjs very argument of a home market for
northern manufactures. In that pamphlet it is ex-
pressly avowed that Texas is wanted for the pur-
pose of being carved out into States, that the South
may have the preponderance in the Senate; and it is
significantly intimated that, with four additional
senators, the South could guard all her interests.
Now, the plain English of all this is, that the very
gentlemen who speak so feelingly about this glori-
ous market for northern manufacturers are them-
selves opposed to this very interest in our country;
and if they could, by obtaining Texas, and by cut-
ting it up into States, obtain a majority, they would
feel bound by their known principles to strike to the
ground, at a blow, that protective policy in which
northern manufacturers live, and move, and have
their being.
As this measure presents very little inducement to
win the support of manufacturers, gentlemen hold it
out as a boon to the agriculturists: they, too, are toget
a great market in Texas. And what sort of a country
is Texas? Why, nccoulingto these gentlemen, it is one
of the most delightful regions on earth—a perfect par-
adise—a rich and fresh and fertile Eden—a territory
as large as France, and furnishing a market for all the
wheat and flour, and lard and meats, and bread-
stuffs of the West, which were to float down on the
bosom of the father of waters, and be consumed in
this garden of America—this all-prolific, all-consum-
ing region! Now, I will ask all western gentlemen
whether they desire such a country as a market for
their produce? Why, is it not manifest that, if the
lands of Texas aie so rich and fertile, they must
readily produce ail that the population can consume?
Ay, and a great deal more; and this Texas, instead
of furnishing them a home market, would become a
competitor and a uval in the markets abroad. Here
aie great advantages to tempt western farmers to
vote for annexation!
But gentlemen have adduced another argument,
familiarly known here as the military argument.
And here 1 must confess that I approach this part of
the subject with more reverence, and not without
some feelings of awe, because it appears that Gen.
Jackson, who defended New Orleans once, has said
that it never can be defended again unless we obtain
Texas. Who can approach an authority of this
kind and not tremble? Besides, sir, I do not pro-
fess any intimate knowledge of the localities about
New Oileans, or any experience, which would ren-
der me a very competent judge of a military expedi-
tion. But a mere glance at the man is sufficient to
show any ordinary man that an enemy—Great
Britain, for example, (for she seems to be consider-
ed by some gentlemen as our natural enemy)—
would never think of attacking New Orleans through
Texas. And why should they? Why land their
forces at Galveston, at least three hundred miles in a
direct line from the city, when they could approach
it by water within one-tenth of that distance—with-
in a few hours' march of New Orleans itself? The
idea is perfectly preposterous. But the old Hero
has told us that, with Texas in possession of Great
Britain, the great commercial emporium of the
West could not be defended. Let us, then, contem-
plate an expedition against New Orleans through
Texas. A British fleet appears off Galveston; and
it is perfectly manifest that they must keep
off; for no ship of any considerable size can enter
the bay. They must have an unusually supply of
boats, or the landing will produce much delay. But
the army is at length landed three hundred miles
from the doomed city; and then, according to the
gentleman over the way from Missouri, [Mr. Bow-
lin,] they are to march three or four hundred miles
further, through an unsettled wilderness country,
almost impassable b^ men, and perfectly so by ar-
tillery and baggage, till they reach Red river, down
which they will piss without boats, of course: for
no one can believe that they will bring boats with
them three hundred miles through the wilderness.
Or, possibly, they may march over the Red river
raft, or cut it away and convert it into boats, in
which they will float down the river with such se-
crecy and celerity as to cut off all communications
between the upper and the lower portions of the
Mississippi valley, and the great western emporium
will fall a prey to their prowess before she even
dreams that an enemy is approaching! To me,
sir, who make no pretensions to military science,
this military argument, as it has been called, ap-
pears more ridiculous, if possible, than any other
that has been used.
I will address this argument to my friend from
New York city, who sits near me, [Mr. Fish,] and
see if that gentleman is not alarmed for the safety of
his home. I say, sir, that your city is in imminent
danger of an attack from Great Britain. She pos-
sesses Nova Scotia, and unless we annex that
country to the United States, she could land her ar-
my at Halifax, march them through the disputed
territory, over the White and Green mountains of
Lake Champlain, and without boats descend the
Hudson and capture New York! And there is no
possibility of defending that city unless we get No-
va Scotia as a barrier. You, perhaps, may vainly
imrgine that if Great Britain desired to attack New
York, she would prefer approaching it directly from
the sea; but this only shows your inability of ap-
preciating this military argument.
But as this supposed danger of New Orleans ari-
ses from recent letters written by General Jackson,
now in his dotage, let us see what this same military
man said upon this very subject twenty-five years
ago, when he was in the prime and vigor of life,
before his mind was weakened by age, and when
there was no exciting cause to bias his judgment.
In a letter to Mr. Monroe, dated June 30th, 1820,
Gen. Jackson says:
"With the Floridas m our possession, our fortifications
completed, Orleans, the great emporium of the West, is se-
cure The Floridas in possession of a foreign power, you
can be invaded, your fortifications turned, the Mississippi
reached, and the lower country reduced. From Texas an
invading enemy will never attempt such an enterprise; if
he does, notwithstanding all that has been said and asserted
on the floor of Congress on this subject, I will vouch that
the .nvuder will pay for his temerity.''
Such were the convictions of General Jackson in
his better days; and whether these opinions, or those
given to operate upon the present question of an-
nexation, should receive the most consideration, let
the public judge.
I propose now, Mr. Chairman, to state some of
the objections to this measure of annexation.
And, first, it involves a violation of national faith
plighted to a sister republic in the face of the civil-
ized world. We are at peace with that republic;
and when an application was made by General
Hunt, the Texttm minister, in 1837, for the admission
of Texas in:o the Union, Mr. Forsyth, then Secre-
tary of State, declared to him that
long as Tfxas shall remain at war, while the "United
States are^at peace with her adversary, the proposition of
the Texian minister plenipotentiary necessarily involves
the question of war with that adversary. The United
States are bound to Mexico by a treaty ot amity and com-
merce, which will be scrupulously observed on their port
so long as it can be reasonably hoped that Mexico will per-
lonii her duties and respect our rights under it. The Uni-
ted ^ates wight justly be suspected of a disregard of the
friendly pui poses of the compact if the overture of General
Hunt were even reserved for future consideration, as that
would imply a disposition on ourpartto espouse thequar-
rel of Texas with Mexico—a disposition wholly at variance
with the spirit of the treaty, with the uniform policy and
obvious welfare ol the United States
Such were the sentiments of Mr. Forsyth, and of
the whole administration; and so sacredly did Mr,
Van Buren adhere to these principles, that, in April
last, when he was called upon to give his views on
