336
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
Ian. 1845.
28th Cong 2d Sess.
Annexation of Texas—Mr. Hudson.
H. of Reps.
the question of annexation, he frankly confessed
that such a measure would violate our treaty stipu-
lations with Mexico, disgrace the nation in the eyes
of the civilized world, and involve us in a war with
a sister republic. WhPe Mexico is at war with
Texas, for the purpose of reducing- her to subjec-
tion, we cannot receive her into the Union consist-
ently with the spirit of our treaty and with the law
of nations.
But, if we waive this question altogether, and ad-
mit that Texas is an independent nation, both de
facto and de jure, even then the present measure
would be a gross violation of our treaty stipula-
tions. What is the Texas which we propose to
take into our embrace? Not simply the old province
of Texas—not the Texas which declared itself in-
dependent, and whose independence we and several
other nations have recognised—not Texas proper,
but a large amount of territory which is not included
in Texas—territory over which Texas never ex-
tended her conquest or jurisdiction, and which is as
much a part of Mexico as the city of Mexico itself.
It will be seen, by the map which has been laid upon
our tables, and which is to be regarded as an official
document, that the Texas included in the treaty is
all that country which lies on the easterly side of
the Rio del Norte. And the same map shows us
that New Mexico (a Mexican province) is situated
on both sides of the Rio del Norte; and that Santa
Fe (the capital) is included in the territory which
we propose to annex to the United States, though
that is as much a part of the acknowledged territo-
ry of Mexico as the ground on which stands the
city of the Montezumas. Thus it is proposed to in-
vade the right of a neighboring republic with which
we are at peace; to rob her of a portion of her known
territory, under the pretence of treating with Texas.
Such conduct is unworthy of a civilized nation. It
would be a foul stain upon our national character,
and degrade us in the eyes of the Christian world.
Such a course would also involve us in an unjust
and dishonorable war. The chairman of the Com-
mittee on Foreign Affairs virtually admits that
Mexico would have just cause of war; for he inti-
mates, significantly, and gives us to understand
that he speaks from authority, that money, the
sinews of war, will keep Mexico quiet. This, I
confess, is placing our country in the most humil-
iating attitude. We are asked to inflict a gross in-
jury upon a neighboring nation without the least
provocation on her part, and then, if she has the
courage to resent it, we are to buy our peace with
her by the offer of money ! What true-hearted
American can consent to submit to dishonor like
this?
I know that some gentleman smile at the idea of
a war with Mexico; they think it altogether prepos-
terous that the weak and distracted power should
talk of war with this great and mighty republic. It
is a little amusing to witness the different positions
which gentlemen assume in relation to this subject.
When they urge the military argument, as they de-
nominate it, in favor of annexation, they represent
our country as weak and defenceless. New Or-
leans is in danger. The southwest is open to at-
tack. Twenty thousand men landed in Texas
would march through the country, descend the Red
river, capture the great commercial emporium of the
West, and block up the outlet of the vast Mississip-
pi valley. But the moment a war with Mexico is
mentioned, why the United States can resist the
world in arms; and that feeble unprotected West,
whose safety requires the annexation of Texas, is at
once transformed into a mighty empire of herself,
and is able to plant our standaid, in a single cam-
paign, on the walls of Mexico or the shores of the
Pacific. But gentlemen should remember that the
result of all war-; is uncertain. In such a contest,
the sympathy of the civilized world be with
Mexico; and it is as true of nations as
of individuals that "he is doubly armed
who hath his quarrel just" And when
we consider that this mighty republic expended
some thirty or forty millions of dollars, wasted some
four years, and sacrificed many valuable lives in an
ineffectual attempt to subdue a few straggling sav-
ages in the swamps of Florida, I think a war with
Mexico, in that sickly region, would pro\e some-
thing more than a pastime. Besides, such a war
might let loose upon our southwestern frontier those
injured tribes of Indians which our cupidity has
driven from the graves of their fathers almost to the
confines of Mexico itself. In such a war, hundreds
of privateers also would be let loose upon our ex-
tended trade; and I fear there are not wanting men
in our own country who would flock to Mexico and
take commissions to prey upon the rich commerce
of their countrymen.
But, sir, these are not the only objections to this
measure. Texas has a large debt which we are
called upon to assume. The amount of that debt is
uncertain. The treaty estimates it at $10,000,000;
but at the same time it tacitly admits that it may
exceed that sum; for it provides that commissioners
shall be appointed to examine the claims, and, in
case the whole sum shall exceed $10,000,000, there
shall be "such proportionable and ratable reductions
on the amount as shall reduce the aggregate fo the
sum of ten millions of dollars." Here is not only a
contingent repudiation, but a confession that the
whole debt will exceed the sum specified; and those
who are acquainted with this subject estimate the
debt much higher. And I venture to predict that
when these demands are all presented, and we shall
ha/e paid them, they will exceed thrice ten mil-
lions. And to this may be added the sum which
the honorable chairman of the Committee on For-
eign Affairs [Mr. C. J. Ingersoll] would pay to
buy our peace with Mexico; for he virtually admit-
ted that annexation would be a violation of the trea-
ty, for which we must account.
[Mr. C. J. Ingersoll. No, sir; there is no such
virtue in me,] f
The gentleman certainly assured the committee,
and with a manner peculiarly significant, that
"money would heal all trouble in that quarter;"
thereby having the virtue to confess that ifwe annex
Texas we must buy our peace with Mexico. And
what would this be but a national disgrace? What!
we, so great and mighty a nation that we are ready
at all times to go to war with any or all the nations
of the earth; we buy our peace with that feeble
power for violating our treaty and robbing her of
her territory? Such a course would be truly hu-
miliating.
Now, sir, we are called upon to assume this enor-
mous debt of a foreign State And who are the
advocates of this measure? Men who not only
maintain that we have no constitutional power to
assume State debts, but who are unwilling that the
States should enjoy the small pittance of their dis-
tributive share of the proceeds of the public lands—
that rich inheritance which is so justly theirs. But,
for the sake of admitting Texas into the Union, they
are willing to assume a debt of untold millions. And
has it come to this, that men, professing devotion to
their own country, have more regard for foreign
States than for their own? Will they "take the
children's bread and give it unto dogs?" Will such
a course meet the approbation of the laboring men
of the country? Are they willing to toil and sweat
to pay the debts of a profligate foreign State? Let
the proposition be submitted to the people them-
selves, and their decision can easily be anticipated.
But, Mr. Chairman, there is another objection to
this measure equally formidable. Our government
is a government of the people. Laws in this coun-
try must be sanctioned by public sentiment, or
they will be a dead letter upon the statute
book. The great tie which binds these States to-
gether is public interest and public sympathy. The
provisions of the constitution would no more hold
these States together than the parchment on which
they are written, without this sympathy and fellow-
feeling. If Texas is annexed to the Union, it will
be done, not only without the consent, but against
the stern remonstrance, of a large share of our popu-
lation. Thousands and tens of thousands of our
most intelligent citizens regard the measure of an-
nexation as not only impolitic and unwise, but as
grossly unjust. They also view it as unconstitu-
tional. They see in it an attempt, in one part of the
Union, to build itself up at the expense of another.
They behold in this measure an effort to perpetuate
an institution at variance with that liberty which
our constitution professes to secure to our entire
population. In a word, they view this effort as an
unholy attempt to bring our whole country under
the influence of the slave power. Entertaining
these feelings, and having these convictions, they
can never cheerfully acquiesce in annexation Un-
der these circumstances, the admission of Texas in-
to the Union would sow the seeds of discontent and
alienation, and do more to jeopard the peace and en-
danger the perpetuity of the union than all other
causes put together. With these facts before him,
no enlightened statesman, no friend of liberty, no
true lover of the Union, it is fondly hoped, could be
willing to enter upon this dangerous experiment.
But if annexation were in itself desirable, there
is, in my estimation, a want of constitutional power
in the government to perform it. Our government
is one of limited powers. The constitution, which
contains these grants of power, is to be construed
with reasonable strictness. The people are the
source of power; and Congress has no authority,
except what is expressly granted, or necessarily im*
plied. And where, I ask, is the power to annex a
foreign independent State to the Union? It is mani-
fest that, if it exists at all, it must reside either in
the treaty-making or in the law-making department
of the government. The treaty-making power,
found in the 2d section of the 2d article, is granted
in these words:
"The President shall have power, by and with the advice
and consent of the Senate, to make treaties, provided two-
thirds of the senators present concur."
Here is no definition of a treaty, or limitation of
this power. But it is manifest that this authority,
as well as every other, must have its limits—must be
restrained by the law of nations, and particularly by
the nature of our institutions. The President and
Senate can make no treaty which shall be repugnant
to the spirit of the constitution, or inconsistent with
delegated powers. What was understood to be the
limits of the treaty-making power at the formation
of the constitution? This power had been exercised
in tire settlement of boundaries, and in monarchical
governments in the sale and acquisition of territorial
possessions and dependencies, on the ground that
these dependencies were the property of the prince.
But no nation ever granted the authority to the
treaty-making power to merge itself in another na-
tion.
"Every sovereignty (says Vattel) is unalienable in its
own nature. If a nation trust the public authority to a
prince, even with the right of transmitting it into other
hands, this can never be, except bj the express and unan-
imous consent of the citizens, with the right of really alien-
ating or subjecting to another body politic. If some petty
principalities have been considered as alienable, it is be-
cause they were not true sovereignties."'—Vattel, book 1, ch
5, sec. 69.
By this authority it appears that, even in mon-
archical governments, the nation itself, the people,
with their allegiance and sovereignty, cannot be
alienated or transferred by the treaty-making power.
But this position is doubly strong, when applied to
a constitutional government. I have already said that
our government was one of limited powers—a gov-
ernment of grants; and that no power was to be
exercised, by any department of the government,
except what is expressly granted or necessarily im-
plied. The constitution, in the tenth article of amend-
ments, declares that "the powers not delegated to the
United States by the constitution, nor prohibited by
it to the States, aie reserved to the States respective-
ly. or to the people." This limitation applies to
the treaty-making power as well as to every other.
There is another limitation growing out of the very -
nature of the case. What is the design of our con-
stitution, or the grand object at which it aims?
Manifestly this: to make us an independent nation
—to constitute and to continue us a separate, dis-
tinct, and free people. This being the object for
which the constitution was framed and the govern-
ment instituted, it would be absurd to maintain that
the treaty-making department, or any other depart-
ment of the government, were clothed with author-
ity to merge us in another nation, to destroy our na-
tional existence, and so defeat the very end for
which the constitution was ordained. Now, if our
government has no power to dispose of the nation
or her sovereignty, neither has Texas, whose con-
stitution is substantially a transcript of our own;
and if she has no power to dispose of herself, we
can have no power to receive her.
All gentlemen will allow that the people are the
fountain of power, and that sovereignty, in its full-
ness, is, in this country, found in them alone; and
tha* this government has no power but what is
granted by the people. Now let gentlemen attempt
to carry out the doctrines for which they contend;
let them, either by treaty or joint resolution, attempt
to transfer this country, the nation, the freemen of
the United States, to Texas, or Great Britain, or
Turkey: what would be the verdict of the people of
the.se States? They would rise in their majesty, as
one man, and with holy indignation hurl from the
places which they occupy every man who would
coi-ntenance such a usurpation of power—such
treasonable designs against the people.
But we are told that Congress has power to admit
new States into the Union, and hence has power to
receive Texas. That Congress has power to admit
new States, is readily admitted; but the inference
