£§8
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
Jan. 1845.
28th Cong.... 2d SSss.
Annexation of Texas—Mr. G. Davis.
H. of Reps.
slaves from the northern slave States, and so make
them free. But a moment's reflection will, I think,
show the fallacy of that position. For the last ten
years the slaves have increased at the rate of nearly
S4 per ctnt.; and if this rate of increase should go
on for ten years to come, the increase alone would
amount to 590,000. This of itself would give Tex-
as a greater slave population than any State in the
Union now possesses. Even in Virginia alone the
increase in ten years at that rate would be 100,000,
being an annual increase of 10,000. Now, who can
suppose that the market of Texas would take from
the Old Diminion more than 10,000 a year? And
this would only keep the slave population station-
ary. But what would be the effect of opening a new
market? It would increase the value of slave prop-
erty, and induce the slaveholders to cling to it with
stronger grasp.
Every one who is acquainted with the debates
which took place in the convention which framed
and those which ratified the constitution, knows
that the statesmen of Virginia and Maryland at that
time spoke of slavery as a curse, and represented it
as a weight which hung as a millstone about the
neck of their prosperity, and they looked forward
to the period when they should rid themselves of
that burden—that stain upon their character. Mr.
Jefferson, in his draft of the declaration of independ-
ence, brought it as one of the gravest charges
against the Crown that he had tolerated slavery and
the slave trade. "He Jias," says he, "waged a
cruel war against human nature itself; violating its
most sacred rights of life and liberty in the persons
of a distant people, who had never offended him."
Mr. Martin, of Maryland, declared, in the conven-
tion, that slavery was ''inconsistent with the princi-
ples of the revolution, and dishonorable to the Amer-
ican character." Mr. Parker, of Virginia, declaied,
in the first Congress, that "he hoped Congress
would do all that lay in its power to restore to hu-
man nature its inherent privileges, and, if possible,
wipe off the stigma under winch America labored."
General Washington and Mr. Madison are known
to have entertained and to have expressed similar
views.
And why has not Virginia, for instance, relieved
herself of this evil? The cultivation of cotton and
the purchase of Louisiana have opened a new mar-
ket and increased the value of slaves. And now we
are told that a new market will destroy slavery in
the northern slave Slates. Slave property in Mary-
land and Virginia, at the present time, is represented
as being unprofitable; and will those who are dis-
posed to traffic in flesh and blood, "in human sin-
ews bought and sold," now, when the business is
unprofitable, be inclined to abandon it when the
profits are vastly increased by a new market? Will
they not rather cling closer and closer to the institu-
tion as you increase its profits?
It is perfectly obvious that Texas is not desired for
its own sake. It is sought only as a means of building
up slavery and increasing the slave power. Are they
willing that it should come into the Union as a free
territory, in whole or in part' They are not. The
gentleman from South Carolina, [Mr. Hoi.mes,]
with that manly frankness which characterizes him
at all times, and marks his whole public course, has
told the committee that any southern man must be
either a knave or a fool who would vote for a propo-
sition to divide Texas into two equal portions, the
one to be free and the other to be slave Slates. The
moment it was proposed to make one-half of Texas
the land of the free, so as to give any significancy to
"the phrase "to enlarge the area of freedom," we
find every friend of annexation at the South arrayed
against it with a deadly hostility. The proposition
which has been made to prohibit slavery in the ter-
ritory north of latitude 3G? is perfectly delusive. In
the first place, there is but little territory north of
that line, and what there is, mostly a barren waste
or rugged mountain. And, besides, it will lie seen
by the map that a considerable portion of this terri-
tory is included in New Mexico; and southern gen-
tlemen themselves allow that, in fixing the boundary
with Mexico, this must be given up. The proposed
limitation of slavery, therefore, is a mere cheat.
This, Mr. Chairman, shows most conclusively
the real object the friends of annexation have m
view. It is not, as has been said, "to enlarge the
area of freedom," but to extend the bounds of slave-
ry and strengthen slave power in the councils of the
nation. It is a device, got up by Messrs. Upshur
and Calhoun, to place slavery on a more permanent
foundation, and to give the South a balance of pow-
§tj and we are called upon to annex Texas to the
United States, as I before said, to destroy thebalance
of this Union, and to establish, strengthen, and per-
petuate upon the land what we have already pro-
nounced piracy upon the ocean.
SPEECH OF MR. G, DAVIS,
of kentucky.
In the House of Representatives, January 14, 1845—
On the question of the annexation of Texas.
The House being in Committee of the Whole,
and having under consideration the resolutions for
annexing Texas to the United States, Mr. DAVIS
spoke as follows:
Mr. Chairman: I am deeply impressed with the
importance of the subject before the committee.
Viewing it in all its relations and consequences,
present and future, I doubt whether a measure of
more moment was ever before Congress for its judg-
ment and decision.
Texas is an exteneive country, a considerable
portion of it of great fertility, capable of sustaining
a heavy population and a large amount of national
wealth, h is eminently adapted to the production
of sugar and cotton, two of the most important sta-
ples in the commerce of the world; and it lies imme-
diately contiguous to our territory, binding on a
long line of our frontier. I would be much gratified
if that country, with a capacity to grow as much
cotton as the present entire product of the United
States, and to sustain many millions of people in
our immediate neighborhood, with no great natural
barrier between us, were to form a part of our own
confederated empire. The most considerable im-
mediate results of this union would be to draw pop-
ulation and wealth from the old and somewhat ex-
hausted planting States, to the virgin banks of the
Brasos and the Colorado, and by more abundant
crops to swell still further the over-production of
cotton. But the consequences to future generations
would be more interesting, more vital When the
whole area of the cotton region, from the Alabama
to the Del Norte, shall be teeming with a population
essentially of the same race, and with the same
classes of crops, it would seem to me that it would
be great]}' to the interests of this whole people that
they should be under one government, united in a
common destiny, and having a fieeand unburdened
trade, rather than that they should constitute two
separate powers, with rival and hostile commercial
systems, seeking mutual annoyance and advantage
by treaties with other nations, and desolating each
land with the rapine of border wars. In contem-
plation of these distant consequences, I desire to see
Texas proper a part of our country: but, great and
interesting as they are, I would not that my country
should acquire Texas at the cost of the violation of
treaties and national honor, or of the breaking up
of our present Union, or of the infraction of the con-
stitution.
In the remarks which I shall submit, Mr. Chair-
man, I intend to restrict myself mainly to an exam-
ination of the power of Congress to annex Texas
to ihe United States, either as a territory or as a
State.
When our constitution was formed, it was hoped
and adjudged by the American people to be far better
than ail others that had ever existed. This prefer-
ence was not mainly because it embodied the popu-
lar representative feature; it was not because it
formed a government of limited and specifically
delegated powers. Botli those elements had been
incorporated into many governments of ancient and
modern times; yet abuse, usurpation, and oppres-
sions had marked the history of all of them: and all
had been swept away by time and revolutions.
Something was wanting to give to those two requi-
sites of free government full and constant effect and
permanent security. Our fathers thought they had
found it in a written constitution. An instrument
separating the powers of government; enumerating
clearly what were,given to each branch; and, in ad-
dition to the express establishment of important
principles that were to be inviolate, the hedging in
of the different functionaries to the exercise of the
powers conferred upon them respectively, and limit-
ing those powers to a general and national character,
was deemed to be the distinguishing excellence of
our system. This was the newly discovered ele-
ment in political science which was to give fieedom,
stability, and perpetuity to popular government. I
was so persuaded when, in my youth, I kind'ed
over our ancestors' glowing expositions of its great
efficacy; but the experience of my riper years begins
to excite my apprehensions that it is but a beauti-
ful theory, a bright delusion, a humbug.
In debating the constitutionality of the proposed
action of Congress to annex Texas, it will be useful
to resort to two or three primary principles and
definitions. What is a law? It is a rule of conduct
which the authority invested with the power of
legislation of a country prescribes to the citizens or
subjects of that country, and which they are bound
to obey. What is a treaty? It is a compact be-
tween two or more nations about their public affairs,
made by the authorities which, by the fundamental
law of their respective countries, are invested with
the brance of political sovereignty termed the treaty-
making power. In the exercise of the law-making
power there is but one party,' the legislature. It
neither consults nor makes terms with any other
power, but speaks its own individual will. Its au-
thority is limited by the jurisdiction of the govern-
ment of which it is a part, and cannot operate upon
the territory or the people of another country. It is
not optionary with those on whom it acts, whether
they will obey its will, expressed in the form of
legislation, for it has the sanction of comniAiid and
penalty for disobedience.
On the other hand, a treaty—being a compact, a
contract—cannot be made or exist without two or
more parties. None but sovereign and independent
States can form treaties; and they can be negotiated
only by the authorities upon which the fundamental
laws of each country have conferred the power.
They receive their force and obligation from neither
party separately, but equally from the assent of
both; and until that assent is given according to the
forms required by both countries, they have no ef-
fect whatever. They are not necessarily limited to
the people and territory of one of the nations, but
may comprehend and operate upon those of as
many States as there are parties to a treaty, accord-
ing to its terms. There are no sanctions or penal-
ties for its violation except those agreed by its pro-
visions or established by the laws of nations; and
these are to be enforced only by the sword.
Laws and treaties, in authority, in form, and in
substance, are totally different. The power to make
laws by our constitution is lodged in the two Houses
of Congress—the treaty-making power in the Presi-
dent and the Senate. In most countries the treaty-
making power is exercised by the king or chicf ex-
ecutive officer, acting alone; but the mpmbersofour
convention, looking to the lessons of history, and
reflecting upon the nature of the thing, would not
repose this great power in one man, though he was
a President elected by the people only for four
years. To conduct delicate and important diploma-
tic relations to a successful issue might require se-
crecy, unity of purpose, energy, and despatch. To
the President was therefore given the maintenance
of our foreign relations and the negotiation of trea-
ties. But he might commit errors from passion,
from ambition, fiom bribery, or treachery: then it
was thought most safe to share this power with the
Senate, and to require its advice and consent to all
treaties. But those wise men were so jealous of the
abuse of this power, even in the hands of the Presi-
dent and Senate, from the many improper influencts
which might beset it, and so deeply impressed with
the difficulty and cost of correcting its abuses, (as
they would have become the supreme law of the
land, and could only be reformed by other treaties
or by war,) that tliey required a majority of two-
thirds of the Senate to give validity to treaties. We
have fifty-two senators. A treaty may be negotia-
ted by the President, and by him be submitted to
the Senate for its ratification. Thirty-four member?
of a full Senate might vote to advise and consent to
it, and still it would be but a dead letter. To give it
vitality, to make it the supreme liw of the land,
which our legislative power could not repe.il or
modify, which our whole government could not
change or weaken in substance, effect, or form, short
of war, would require the votes of thirty-five sena-
tors, seventeen States and a half, as represented in
that body. It is thus that the tieaty-making power
of our government is deposited; and' thus will it re-
main, until usurpation and revolution shall, by
stealth or force, do its work.
What is the nature and essence of the measure
now under consideration? Is it a law or a treaty?
All the various forms in which it has been present-
ed, and they are about a dozen, propose to acquire
Texas—that the government or the people of Texas
shall cede that country to the United States, and that
it and its inhabitants shall be incorporated by this
country and become part of it and of us. Some of
the plans propose t® annex Texas as a Territory,
the others to admit her as a State. Texas is now at
