340
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
Jan.1845.
2§th Cokg.. ..2d Sess.
Annexation of Texas—Mr. G. Davis.
H. of Reps.
-in the President anil the Senate; and the effect of the
"provision in those terms would only be to give-Con-
gress a discretional y express power to erect a new
(State, without the limits of the United States, when
the foreign territory had become ours by the terms
of a treaty negotiated by the President ant} the Sen-
ate.
A11 the friends of annexation, and most American
statesmen, at this day concede that the treaty-ma-
king pow"er may acquire Texas or any other foreign
temtory. The constitution nowhere blends powers
and confuses jurisdictions by giving concurrent au-
thority to different bodies of magistracy, and to be
exercised by the first which might seize upon its
subject. Those sages of the convention never
dreamed of investing the whole treaty-making power
of the government in the President and the Senate,
and at the same time so important a class of it in
Congress. They never intended that the Preisident
and the Senate'might attempt to negotiate a treaty to
purchase a foreign country, and fail because its ratifi-
cation had been voted, for by less than two-thirds of
the Senate.; and then a bare majority of that Senate
turn immediately round, and, in concert with the other
branches of the law-making power, resurrect this
dead-tftaty, and impart to it vitality and the high
junction of constitutional obHgdtion. In the siigle-
mss of their virtue and patriotism, they never con-
ceived thatfactionmightattempt theformation of such
a treaty through the constitutional organs, and, being
signally' defeated there, audaciously appeal to the
law-making power to revise and leversc this valid
and final decision. If they could have clearly fore-
seen such a conflict, and that such attempted usur-
pation would prevail, it is probable they would have
separated without finishing their work, from their
conviction of the vanity of forming for a people,
who would submit to such an abuse, a free and writ-
ten constitution. If Congress have the power to ac-
quire foreign tcrritoiy as an incidental and necessary
power to admit new States into the Union, it cer-
tainly has the right to use the most convenient and
' appropriate means to obtain that tenitory. The
convention surely never designed to confer upon
Congress the power to make such treaties, and to
require it to negotiate, to make, modify, withdraw,
ana remodel propositions, in 'transactions of such
delicacy and importance in a labble House of Rep-
resentatives. You would have the right, yea, it
would be necessary for the best success, and it
would-be your duty to i onstitute your board of ne-
gotiators, to intrust the settlement oi terms to a few-
men of sense, experience, wisdom, and discretion.
es, whenever a majority of Congress chose, they
could send oft commissioners in the maimer Of the
old Continental Congress to the Court of St. James,
■ to negotiate, for the purchase of the Canada* to form
them into nevv States. There is nothing in the as-
sumed constitutional principle, or in the reason of
the thing, that lequires us to obtain the whole of a
country. On the contrary, that would be hamper-
ing unconstitutionally the free exercise of the power,
since it might be practicable to obtain opart of a
country and not the whole. You could then not only
exclude the President and the Senate from tins ex-
ercise of the treaty-making power, but also of the
right to appoint the nmbassadois. The position and
arguments of gentlemen would put Congress to
passing laws, appointing negotiators, and making
treaties.
_ Congress has no such various functions. It is
simply a legislative body, its business to make laws,
and its jurisdiction restricted to our people and our
territory. A -foreign country and a foreign people
are not the subjects of its authority, but without it.
These positions are evident, and their application to
the subject under consideration can be irrefutably
enforced by an analysis of this, and other powers
conferred upon Congress.
Let us view this provision of the constitution and
the one immediately succeeding together:
"New States may be admitted by the Congress into this
Union; but uo nsw States shall be formed or'erected \wth-n
the jurisdiction of any other State; ror any State he formed
by the junction of two or more states, or parts of State*
without the consent of the legislature of the States conl
cerrtetl, as Weil as of the Gongx^.-■.•^s.,,
"The Cons;rc?c «hallha\e the power to dispose of and
make all the n«-e<lf"il rutos and regulations respecting the
territory or other properly belonging to the United States;
and nothing m this coiHt.tution shall he eo coi:-,t,r.e<l as to
prejudice any claims oi tin Uriteu states., o, arv ujificulai
State."' ' A
^ The two clauses are parallel, and confer precisely
similar powers. Neither of them gives n power of
acquisition, or authority of primary character; but
S-he auxiliary power of arrangement and regulation
of subjects already, or by some other warrant to be
brought within the jurisdiction of the government.
The second clause gives Congress authority to gov-
ern our territories, to make regulations for disposing
of the public lands, and for the custody and sale,
when necessary, of all the various and vast amount,
of public property; and no gentlemen will contend
that it confers as an incident upon Congress the
power to acquire territory and property to furnish
something to govern and to regulate. We look into
other portions of the constitution for the means and
authority by which such subjects are obtained. So
of the first clause. It endows Congress with the
power to make States; and territory, country, and
people are a necessary material in its exercise. If
there were no such material belonging to the United
States which could be lawfully used for the purpose,
and no other m^-de or authority provided by which
to acquire it, then it might be plausibly contended
that Congress itself could, in the ttsc'of the sub-
sidiary power, make the necessary acquisition.
The principle of the argument of the learned lawyer
and gentleman from Illinois, [Mr. Douglass,] "that
Congress could make all laws necessary and proper
for carrying into execution its enumerated powers,"
might then app'y. But in his particular application
it was doubly vitious, because he does not propose
that Congress shall resort to a law, but to a treaty:
and his aid would not be the means indispensably
necessary, as he assumed it should be; but there
would be other appropriate, trusted, and constitu-
tional means, by which Congress could be furnished
with the means to execute the power of admitting
new States.
We look into this identical clause, and we see
that new States "may be formed by the junction of
two or more States or parts of States." Wc look
into the ordinance of 1787, and to another provision
of the constitution, to the Northwestern Territory,
and our other unsettled wilderness, and we see an
extent of country which has since been erected into
ten large States and one Teiritory. We look to
the treaty-making power, and theie we find a facul-
ty to acquire, without limit, foreign countries.
When we take in this wide sweep, we have the full,
if not too full, contemplation of the acquisition of
the theatre upon which this power of admitting
States was designed to be enacted.
But Congress is clothed with other analogous
powers: "To coin money, regulate the value there-
of, &,c.; to establish post offices and post roads; to
raise and support armies." Where, and for whom,
and upon whom are these important powers to be
exercised5 Within the limits of the United States,
and for and upon the American people. Any other
country and its inhabitants would be beyond our
jurisdiction, and without the reach of our authority.
But the principle and argument of gentlemen would
apply just as well to those subjects as to the admis-
sion of new States. It might be contended with
squal soundness that Congress has power to coin
money and to regulate the value thereof; to raise
and support armies, and to establish post offices and
post roads. Congress has the right to resort to ail
necessary and proper mean1? to enable it to execute
those powers: therefore, Congress may make tiea-
ties in the same mode, if you choose, by which we
are about to conclude this Texian treaty, with Mex-
ico, or Chili, or China, to coin money and to regu-
late the value thereof, to raise and support armies,
and to establish post offices and post roads in all
those countries. It could be well answered, the
power to do these things is not inimitable; but the
faculty to perform them, and to admit new States
also, is circumscribed by a limited jurisdiction, es-
tablished by the laws of nations, by common sense,
and fact, necessarily to be the boundary of the Uni-
ted States. The only mode by wln^h you can ex-
pand your arena, on which to coin money and to reg-
ulate the value thereof, to raise and support armies,
to establish post offices and po^t roads, or to author-
ize new States, is by treaty to acquire the <onn* -y
and the jurisdiction where you propose to enlarge
these operations.
In their headlong zeal upon this,subject, some
gentlemen involve themselves in a solecism. They
concede- that Congress has not the power to annex
Texas as a territory, but may admit her as a State.
What would be the effect of her annexation as u
territory? Simply the enlargement, of our boundary
and jurisdiction by the area of Texas. "What con-
sequences would result from her admission as a
State? The same enlargement of temtory and ju-
risdiction, and, in addition, the immediate naturali-
zation of the people of Texas, and the bestowment
upon them of all the rights and immunities guaran-
tied by the "constitution of the United States. The
latter act would necessaiily comprehend the entire
substance of the former, and at the same time be of
a much higher and more comprehensive character.
My logic teaches me that the greater includes the
less, and would lead me' to the conclusion that, if
Congress can rightfully admit Texas as a State, so it
may make a compact to receive her as a territory.
You may blend the whole matter in one bill, so
far as you intend or can, constitutionally or uncon-
stitutionally, act in the premises, and yet thtre would
be two acts, distinct and separate in their nature and
essence. There would be the transfer and the ac-
quisition of the country, and then the admission of
the new State.' The one would be your act, in con-*
junction with the people of Texas, after they were
an appendage of the United States; the other would
be your conjoint act whilst Texas was a separate
and independent nation. What necessity for these
acts to be connected, on parchment or in time?
What principle against the acquisition of Texas one
day, or at one session, and her admission as a State
at a subsequent day or a subsequent session: If
Congress legitimately have the power to acquire ter-
ritory, as incidental and auxiliary to the expiest*.
power to admit new States, there is neither reason
nor constitutional requisition to command  bem both
to be executed at once. Congress has power "to
provide and maintain a navy," and you do not
proceed at onte to ship-build.n£. This primary
and express power draws to it the necessary
and proper incidental power for its execution.
You, in the first place, provide for the pur-
chase of the sites of shipyards; you then proceed
to erect suitable buildings, to collect the necessary
materials, and to procure artisans; and, after a con-
siderable while, you begin to build your ships. This
is the way m which all incidental power, including-
that of acquiring the material and means of making
new States as well as building ships, is to be exer-
cised; you execute the primary and the secondary
powers together or separately, according to the na-
ture of the subject—according to your convenience,
your will and pleasure. Why are the main and the
auxiliary powers in the important matter under con-
sideration, and the process of the execution of both,
all heaped up together? It is to mystify, to con-
found and humbug the people, to cover up the
enormity of the usurpation, this gross and appalling
enrjoachment by Congiess upon the tieaty-makiug
authority of our government.
But the State form of the project is contradistin-
guished from its territorial correlative, n^t in its
duplicity alone. Another feature was presented
ftom my friend from Maryland, fiYIr, Kfn'xedy,]
which is an unanswerable argument against that
mode of annexation. The constitution proscribes
the qualification a residence in the United Slates
of se\en years for representatives and nine year? for
senators in Congress. A State cannot be constitu-
tionally admitted without being entitled to her prop-
er representation m both Houses, and, as the citi-
zens of Texas, if she were now received as a State
into the Union, would not possess that qualirica'
tion, it would not be constihitional so to admit her.
And how have I heard this argument answered?
By some gentlemen that enough of individuals
could be found in Texas who, at some time of then-
lives, had resided the requisite periods in the United
States; and the constitution did not require the resi-
dence to be immediately preceding their election. A
quibble unworthy of a county court lawyer. Ac-
cording to this position, rcpresentat:"U frc.n the new
State would depend upon pievioir. emurntion to it.
fimn the United States, and if the JS'a'p should
happen to be Cuba, or some counti y to v. hi'di there
has been no sueh emigration, it could hn represent-
ed in this House after the lapse of --even .:u>. but
not in the Senate until nine years hod run their fu'l
course. This is mixing up tnOing peunbue^ with
very grave matters.
Other gentlemen aim a bolder blow at the irons'
position of my friend, anil ns^ume that this qualifi-
cation of residence would not appiy to the cenatoic,
and representatives of the -State of Texas, f>nd any
othir States that might be formed out of ;"r>1 °ign
countries. The constitution does not so read, and
this conclusion can be reached only thiouch two
implications, and one of them dependent upon the
other. Congress has pou er to admit new Stages,
from which it is implied that it has power to foim a
compact with a foreign country to get territory to
make a new State; and, from the execution of this
implied power of erecting a foreign counhy into a
