Jan. 1845.
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE,
34T
28th Cong 2d Sess.
Annexation of Texas—Mr. G, Davis.
H. of Rep?.
new State, it is again implied that an express quali-
fication of residence for representatives and senators,
prescribed without any exception or reservation,
dors not, by the constitution, apply to the senators
and representatives of such States as might at once,
by the necromancy of Congress, be passed from
foreign republics and monarchies to States in our
Union. Credulity itself cannot give heed to the
proposition that the wise men who formed our con-
stitution should announce this important qualifica-
tion in terms of universal application, and at the
same time intend to except from it a class of cases
which could only be traced by such as involved and
uncertain chain of argument. I lay down this po-
sition^and i defy gentlemen to shake it; where there
is a qualification established by the constitution for
any office, there is no case of exception, express or
implied, fiom its operation and effect. It wast doubt-
less in consequence of this immutable and Unvary-
ing constitutional principle, among other causes,
that Louisiana awaited nine years after our acquisi-
tion of her befoie she was admitted as a State into
the Union.
There would be another absurd consequence of
this latter position of some of the friends of an-
nexation. By the constitution of Texas a man is
required to reside in that country years before
he is eligible to her House of Representatives, and
—— years before he can be elected to her Senate;
and yet all foreign residents of that country, wheth-
er thfcy had taken the oaths required by her natu-
ralization laws or not, and who for this cause, or by
reason of a residence not sufficiently long, might not
be eligible to either of her Houses of Congress,
would be, immediately upon annexation, eligible to
both of ours.
The authority of wise and revered statesmen has
been quoted, but misapplied, to sustain this assume
ed power of Congress to transmute a foreign nation
into a State of the American Union. My colleague
[Mr. Tibbatts] relies upon Mr. Madison, in the
14th number of the Fedeialist, for this purpose, and
read the following passage:
"A second observation to be made is, that the immediate
object ol the federal constitution is to secure the union of
the thirteen primitive States, "which we know to be practi-
cable, and to add to them such oth^r States as may arise m
their own bosoms or m their neighborhoods, which we can-
not doubt to be equally practicable. The arragement that
irav be necessary for those angles and fractions of our ter-
n:oiy which he on our noithwes tern frontier, mast be left to
those whom further discoveries and experience will render
rooxe equal to the task."
Te subject of the number of the Federalist from
which this extract is taken is: "An objection drawn
from the extent of country answered." From the
fact that the whole of the northwestern territory had
been previously ceded by Virginia to the confedera-
tion, (and one of the terms of cession was, that not
less than three nor more than five States should be
erected out of it,) and that unsettled country from
which six other new States have been formed, were
then lying contiguous to the old thirteen States, the
question may well be raised whether Mr. Madison,
m his reference to States that might arise in their
neighborhood, looked beyond the unpeopled terri-
tory which then belonged to the United States. At
any rate, the authority does not touch the question
in issue; it does not, in the remotest degree, impute
a power to Congress to admit new States out of for-
eign territory; but declares one of the objects of the
constitution to be, to add to the old thirteen such
other States as may arise in their own bosoms or
m their neighborhoods. The utmost position that
this authority tends to establish is, that the new
government, including the treaty-making power,
possessed the faculty of adding States to be formed
of contiguous foreign territory. The power of Con-
gress to annex foreign country to the Union, either as
a State or a Territory, has never been sustained or ad-
mitted by Mr. Madison, or any of our older states-
men. On the contrary, Mr. Madison, in No. 43 ofthe
Federalist, introduces literally this provision of the
constitution as one ofthe subjects of that paper; and
he deduces from it no power of Congress to acquire
foreign territory in any mode. In the next para-
graph he embodies the succeeding clause of the con-
stitution, 4 to dispose of arid make all needful rules
and regulations respecting the territory or other
property belonging to the United States," &c.; and
he adds: "This is a power of very great importance,
and required by considerations similar to those which
show the propriety of the former." He regards,
what is obvious, both of the clauses of this 3d sec-
tion of article 4th as of the same nature, and confer-
ring, simply, regulating powers. This extraordi-
nary business of Congress is a new thought, a heresy
conceived in the era of the rule of Captain Tyler;
and the particular feature of the plan, the admission
of Texas as a State, within the last two years. The
modern doctrine is, that the constitution is progress-
ive as well as democracy; and what it will brought
to, is not difficult to foresee. We are smarter than
our fathers, but not so wise.
It is the boast of the party which sustains this
measure, that they are Jeffersonian democrats, and
adhere to a strict construction of the constitution.
The learned late judge from Illinois [Mr. Douglass]
ran a parallel between the parties an this principle,
and contended, in a most unlearned and unsound
argument, that the means and auxiliary powers by
which the expressly conferred powers of the govern-
ment were to be executed, were such, and such only,
as were absolutely necessary, which was the distin-
guishing feature in his party; whilst the great char-
acteristic of the whigs was, that they contended for
such means and such auxiliary powers as were ex-
pedient. He illuminated his logic by the example
of a United States Bank, as such an institution is
sustained by the one and opposed by the other par-
ty. It is my notion that there is a multiplicity of
incidental powers and means by which all the enu-
merated powers of government, that have given rise
to any controversy, may be executed: and, conse-
quently, that no one is, or can possibly be, absolute-
ly necessary, since all or any of the others would
answer the same end. To resort to the gen-
tleman's example, the whigs propose to sub-
serve certain purposes of the government by a
United States Bank. The President elect and
his party once contended that the same ends could
be better achieved by the pet bank system, or an
affiliation of State banks; but the project to which
shey profess to give their present confidence is the
sub or independent treasury. Then come along
Captain Tyler and his cabinet, and swear that the
exchequer is the very thing for which every body is
searching. The true principle is, that in such mat-
ters no means are indispensably necessary; but there
is a variety and a choice, and such ought to be
adopted by Congress as are most safe, expedient,
and proper. But the authority of Mr. Jefferson
bears upon the matter under consideration. 'Every
body knows that by the medium of the treaty-ma-
king power, he acquired Louisiana against his
strong conviction of the warrant of the constitution,
and that he urged an amendment of that instrument
to confirm the purchase. In a letter to W. C.
Nicholas, dated 7th September, 1803, he says:
"But when 1 consider that the limits of the United States
are precisely fixed by the treaty of 1783, that the constitu-
tion expressly declars itself to he made for the United states,
I cannot help believing that the intention was not to permit
Congiess to admit into the U.uon new States which should
he formed out of the territory for which, and under whose
authority alone, they were acting. I do not believe it was
meant that they might receive England, heland, Holland,
&c. into it which would be the ease upon your construc-
tion. When an instrument admits two constructions, the
one safe, the other dangerous—the one precise, the other
indefinite—1 preler that which is safe and precise. I had
rather ask an enlargement of power from the nation when
it is found necessary, than to assume it by a construction
which would make our powers boundless. Our peculiar
security is m the possession of a witten constitution. Let
us not make it a blank paper by construction. 1 say the
same as to the opinion of those who make the grant of the
treaty-making power boundless. If it is, then we have no
constitution. If it has bounds, they can be no others than
the definitions of the powers which the instrument gives.
It specifies and delineates the operations permitted to the
federal government, and gives all the powers necessary
to carry those into execution. Whatever of these enume-
rated objects is proper for a law, Congress may make the
law, whatever is proper to be executed by way of treaty,
the President and Senate may enter into that treaty, what-
ever is to be done by a judicial sentence, the judges may
pass that sentence.''
Such are the doctrines ofthe statesman whom the
present democrats call their great apostle. They
shoot not only beyond him, but a full bowshot be-
yond the extremest federalist of 1798. The station-
ary power ofthe constitution is far m the rear of the
present point of progressive democracy; and all
hands are at work with set feet and applied should-
ers to heave it up on a sort of political railroad in-
vention. Modern democracy intends to keep up
with the improvements of the age.
1 have always thought that Mr. Jefferson's con-
struction of the powers of our government was too
narrow and restricted. In the foregoing paragraph
I think he has correctly laid down the principle of
the treaty-making power in these words: "What-
ever is to be executed by way of treaty, the Presi-
dent and Senate may enter into that treaty." But
he then attempts to shackle the proper, consti-
tution^
and necessary operation of iJhp principle-
The treaty-making power is cmfened by our con-
stitution in general tevrcs; but as ours a govern-
ment of delegated powers, limited expies^ly to those
enumerated and their necessary and popcr auxilia-
ries, I conceive that the treaty-waking power is thus
circumscribed. It cannot violate or o\ erride the?
great features of our constitution, or any principle
expfesffiy stated or clearly established by if. A
treaty to make a President for life, to enlarge or cir-
cumscribe the te^ms or qualifications of senatois and
representatives,'# abrogate the freedom of speech
or of the press, or to Establish a national religion,
would be void and of n'; elfecf. Whetner it is so
comprehensive as to embraf-4* *he acquisition and
ccssion of territory, is a question of more difficulty,
and one that has much divided A ni erican statesmen^
There is no express interdict against exorcise o£
ofthe treaty-making faculty la that one oi its most
usual forms, and 1 do not perceive any thii^Il™10
constitution which necessarily imports it. ,'vheix
that instrument was formed, our country lay who.-y
east of the Mississippi,- and its authors intended it
for the lifetime of a nation, the circumstances of
which were peculiarly favorable to gi eat prolongation.
Our fathers lookedabioad andsaw thatthey occupied
but an inconsiderable portion of the North American
continent; and that the rest stretched in a vast
wild all around them, except on this Atlantic roast.
They glanced far into the vista, of the future, and
when the young empire, of which they were lay-
ing anew, and broader and deeper the foundations,,
was but in its mtd career, they baw th'j last ex-
panse of country which was not theirs, md which
was stretching away from three-fourths of their
borders, teeming with swelling .millions of people,
and swayed by alien governments. They lt>oked
into history, and they saw, as ivilected from a mir-
ror, wars, and conquests, and alliances, and treaties,
and vicissitude, checkeiing the course ol the^ mighty
nations that are to enact their destiny on tbU conti-
nent. They saw that acquisition, for commerce, for
defence, for security—that cession, for nlrfmce, for
pacification—and both, for general welfare, would
be convenient and necessary for aftevtimcs and mu-
tations. They made the government capable of
both, and reposed the high trust in the President
and two-thirds of the Senate, suoject to the moral
influence of public opinion and tins prin^pie of
national law.
"The question becomes more di;.thici ;mn it i. Ir'.es, not
to the alienation of some patts of the p-ibhc property, but
to the dismemberment of the State or n..t;on its eit—the ces-
sion of a town or province thot con-tit\te,i ap?rcot it.
This question, however, admits of a fcouud upon
t^.e same principle. A nition out,h' to pr, sr-r\<> it
ought to preserve all its member*, it c.ii'iiot al-jmiun them.
It is under an engagement to suppott ihs'in jh :anfc as
members of the nation, it has not a i.-nt, taui. to uni.o
with their rank or liberty on account of c.,y advantages ir
may expect fiom such a negotiation. They have joined
the society for being member of it they su')riiii to the au-
thority ot the State lor the purpose of p-ou-oti -r n. concert
their common welfare and satety. s n-i ni<t King .it it > dispo-
sal like a farm or a held of cattle. P:1'. me nation ma..' lav-
fully abandon them in case of extic.no necessity. /aid the
has the right to cut them off lio^i the bo.iy n the public
safety required it,''Sue. ''Butsmco tae puuee (o^ ollvr au-
thority vested with the tieau -ei iknig pu* .-rWia-. ;e (*-i\ ed
an absolute authority, it belongr to lum to ,iu ot ' 'ie ne-
cessity of the case, and of what the Yr\ of the bta'e re-
quires."— Vat. 117, IIS.
This interpretation of the treaty-makm? power, so
far as acquisition is involved, wes combined by the
treaty of Louisiana, by the treaty of I'londa,_ ami
by the Ashburton treaty; by the t'.vo lattc/treaties it
is also confirmed in its form of cession. The?e are
no doubt but the commencement of a long series of
similar confirmations to whirh it-is destined. I
have heard an argument used m the form of an in-
dignant interrogatory, What! cede a sovereign £tate.
What is the difference in principle between reemg
a State and a part of a State? The xYshbuiimi treaty
ceded to Great Britain country^ whi^h wasasiei-
tainly a part of the State of Maine as ^shi-not c is a
part of Maryland. Suppose t^it
England she was to_conquer «nu ^
or the whole of a State: if w«'inf-
ix conquer it, and we. would it \ c ; ( i
pose we had exhausted <>m c'nti enc
in fruitless efforts; that the t\h w vm h-
set stroiigcs and stronger, Jim tm'jvs.V;l{ - t0 '
whelm us, and we could get peace owy upmj
condition ofthe cession ot the eonqu-:- ti <:L\u , or,
if vou please, something more thai hid hce-i o-.n-
run: who can doubt the power, tpe necessity, the
duty of making the rop«io
lost from our constellation,
on in their orbits as though
>
ver, ti>e
One
jn.t the 1
it nc\er
\Vit'l
p.ut
■y to
>up~
..'i?iej3
(I to
fer-
tile
'Mil! be
>n:d ioil
