342
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
Jan. 1845.
28th Cong 2d Sess.
Annexation of Texas—Mr. Giddings.
H. of Reps.
The state of the case would be that, being unable
to defend the ceded country, we would be constrain-
ed, by inevitable necessity, to abandon it to its fate.
Our cession, by the principles of national law,
would amount merely to a renunciation of title and
possession; "bat the province or town thus abandon-
ed and dismembered from the State is not obliged to
receive the hew master whom the State attempts to
set over it. Being separated from the society of
•which it was a member, it resumes all its original
rights; and if it be capable of defending its liberty
against the prince who would subject it to his au-
thority, it may lawfully resist him." Vat. 118. It
may make alliances and all modes of defence which
are lawful to independent nations. The argument
against the cession of one of the States does not ap-
ply to our transfer of Texas. But, to meet her case,
it is said that to cede any portion of our territory is
an act of sovereignty, which, in this country, rests
alone with the people. The power to make such
treaties is a branch of political sovereignty which
has been possessed by some department of almost
every government that has existed in every age in
the world. Nations cannot transact their business
and continue their relations without its frequent ex-
ercise. Vattel, Grotius, Kent, &c. say expressly it
may be conferred or withheld by the fundamental law;
and when it is so withheld, it has, in some exigencies,
to be exercised by the people, with whom it is left, or
irregularly by some unauthorized authority, and most
frequently in the latter form. All the friends of this
measure admit the treaty-making power in our gov-
ernment may acquire foreign territory: and the
power of acquisition and cession have always been
been correlatives. They are allied in nature, and
■were never in fact separated in any government.
The position that our constitution gives the one and
withholds the other by implication is absurd and
monstrous. What is the moral of such a principle?
We may get all the country we will or can, but we
must not, we cannot, part with any. Nobody thinks
of giving up Florida, and yet the sale of Texas was
a part of the consideration with which we purchased
Florida. Gentlemen clutch Florida, ana still con-
tend that we have not and could not part with Texas.
This is a new sort of repudiation, and the position
that a principle exists in the constitution which will
sanction it, is a foul libel upon the pure and illus-
trious men of the convention. There is also another
port of repudiation proposed by some of the nu-
merous plans before Congress. It is, that the United
States refuse to assume the debt of Texas, and
leave her, when she becomes a State, all her un-
granted lands and the customs of her own ports to
raise the means to liquidate them. These resources
Texas now has, and they are so insufficient that the
price of the stock evidencing her debt fluctuates be-
tween six and ten cents in the dollar. But this is a
subterfuge—a mere decoy. This measure may re-
cite the debt of Texas to be but ten millions; it may
stipulate, in the most positive terms, that the United
States is not to be responsible for that debt; yet she
will, notwithstanding, be bound to pay every farthing
of it to the creditors of Texas; even though it be
sixty millions of dollars, what it is reported to be.
A country may go through any number of changes
of government, effected even by war and revolution,
and of the most opposite forms, and each one is
bound to pay all the debts, and to discharge all the
perfect obligations of itself and each preceding one.
No principle is better established. Not only is a
nation, which acquires an independent State by
treaty, bound to pay all its debts, but even though
the acquisition be made by conquest. Frederick
the Great, public robber as he was, after seizing
upon Silesia without any right, and conquering a
title by his successful arms, assumed and discharged
her debts. If we espouse Texas, we take her as a
man does his wife, with all her incumbrances.
The treaty-making power is, then, competent to
acquire the title to I'exas, treating with the people
of Texas, or a power especially constituted by that
people to -make such a treaty. But that authoriry
alone could not bring Texas into the United States.
When it had procured for us the title-deed its func-
tion would be exhausted. The law-making power
would then attach to make "all needful rules and
regulations" for Texas as of right a portion of our
territory. It would be the business and the duty of
Congress fo pass a law authorizing the President to
take possession of the country, to prescribe for it a
code of laws, to extend over it the jurisdiction of
the government of the United States. Such were
the measures taken by our predecessors in relation
to both Louisiana and Florida; and without others
of similar import, Texas could never, in fact, form a
part of the United States. When she had thus be-
come a portion of our country, Congress would
have a discretionary power to admit her as a new
State into the Union. This power would apply to
her, and all other territory properly obtained, be-
cause it is a power limited only by our right and ju-
risdiction; and to keep countries in the form of ter-
ritorial dependence and vassalage, is opposed to the
spirit of our system, and not required by the consti-
tution.
The gentleman from South Carolina [Mr. Holmes]
says the States are sovereignties, and that any one
of them has, at all times, the right to withdraw from
the Union. Sir, within its constitutional scope the
government of the United States is not a league, nor
articles of confederation, but the government of a
nation, and one nation. Discharging its appropriate
trusts and wielding its appropriate powers, the
States are as much subordinate and subject to it as
towns and counties and their local municipal author-
ities are to the State governments. No, sir; no, sir.
No State secedes from this Union; no State nullifies
the laws of the United States. We would reason,
we would remonstrate, we would forbear with her;
but, when the worst comes, with a heavy and sor-
rowing heart, we would reduce her to submission at
the point of the sword. I prefer this Union as it is
to any breaking up and reconstruction of it. I
would not put it in serious hazard for Texas, or Cu-
ba, or Canada, or California, or all together. I re-
vere it as the work of the wisest and best men who
ever lived—as the inappreciable product of an age of
virtue that may never return. I have'a superstitious
presentiment that if the golden chain which binds
these States together be shivered, there will be no
orie to reconstruct it. What, then, will be the fate
of this portion of the continent? Go read the histo-
ry of Europe, the annals of her wars and her desola-
tions—of her crimes, her oppressions, and her suf-
ferings. Sir, until the presidential mansion be occu-
pied by an imbecile recreant or a dark-souled traitor,
this Union will endure and defy all the storms that
assail it.
I have, Mr. Chairman, perceived some omens of
evil portent about this matter. We have for our
chart of1 government a written constitution, and we
all make a solemn adjuration to support it. The
ancient proverb is, that "Jupiter laughs at a lover's
perjuries;" the reason, doubtless, that he knew when
the oaths were taken they were not intended to be
kept. If Jupiter be now living, and have as much
insight into the hearts and affairs of men as of yore,
it is quite probable that he would be so busy in this
vocation with us politicians that he would not have
much time to give to lovers. A measure is presented
for which we conceive a predilection—or the sup-
port of it becomes a party move—or opposition to
it might prejudice our own re-election—and what
course do we take? Instead of setting down to ex-
amine the measure in its principles and relations, and
comparing them in calmness, impartiality, and recti-
tude, with the constitution, we begin to stifle the
voice of reason, and to torture our whole intellect to
reconcile the measure to an instrument which we
feel ought to be kept sacred. "The wish fathers the
thought;" we yield, and are thus debauched into the
support of measures from which, freed from the
temptation, our understandings would recoil. It is
thus the constitution loses all precise and fixed
meaning, and is stretched or contracted to suit
any exigence, personal or party. It is thus, i« the
language of Mr. Jefferson, it becomes "blank pa-
per." I do not pretend to be free from this infirmity
—far from it; but it is the duty of us all to endeavor
to guard ourselves against it. Surely a great con-
stitutional principle ought to shoot high above the
region of self and of party, and gentlemen ought to
plant themselves firmly upon it against all such se-
ductions.
To bait Congress and the country on in this mat-
ter, the spirit of conquest has been invoked. Re-
publics have ever been prone to war, to acquisition,
-and aggrandizement; and the reason is obvious.
Tlie affairs and destinies of countries having dif-
fernet governments are ruled by a few men; m re-
publics the people direct. The imaginations and
passions are more accessible in a multitude of men
than in a few. The people become dazzled and in-
flamed with "the pomp and circumstance of war,"
and visions of conquest and glory. They listen to
the shouts of the bold and the adventurous, and
overrule the counsels of moderation, of peace, and of
wisdom. They raise up conquerors, who first plant
their armed heel upon prostrate neighbors, and then,
with the sword first drawn against foreigners, strike
down the liberties of their credulous countrymen.
Some gentlemen have pointed to the former posses-
sions of Montezuma with aTimour-like spirit, and
would seem to intimate that we owe nothing to jus-
tice, to humanity, to Christian civilization—that all
we have to do is to harness ourselves and tread in
the footsteps of Cortez. One gentleman [Mr. Dou-
glass] indulges in a picture not garnished off with
military achievement, but altogether illusory. He
sees the ample arch of our empire springing from
the Atlantic border, cleaving the eternal clouds
which hover upon the Rocky mountains, and rest-
ing upon the shores of the western ocean; and all
this northern continent swayed by our republican
rule. This is but the vision of an excited and rapt
soul. Republican dominion may be too small for
tranquillity and composure, and it may become too
large for the activity, the energy, and the health ne-
cessary for its continuance. It may be expanded
over such an extent of country, that, before the
heart can roll out the healthful fluid, the distant ex-
tremities will fall off for want of the necessary action.
Seditious humors would have room and opportuni-
ty to gather and do their work, which would be de-
nied them in smaller and sounder republics. You
may people and plant popular freedom throughout
all Oregon, as I hope it will be done; but I tell you,
when this is achieved, that distant people will set
up for themselves and manage their own concerns.
Whenever there is any thing like a balance of pop-
ulation on both sides of that broad and lofty chain
of mountains, which sheds its waters both into the
Atlantic and Pacific oceans, the huge hulk of State
will break in twain upon it. Rome is cited as an
example to sustain the contrary position. When
Rome spread her dominion both to the rising and
setting sun, she was a military republic, she was in-
vigorated by the energies and held together by the
iron sinews of that system of government. That
era of wide conquest in her history preceded but a
short time her military dictators, her emperors, ani
her sternest of all despotisms. What a warning to
mankind ! And is it to be lost upon us? Let us
cherish and preserve what we have; let us carefully
and deliberately pause before we grasp for more; let
us notendanger our present-priceless Union, and our
no less valuable national honor, to obtain it; above
all, in the name of our country and liberty, I invoke
yon to shrink back from this meditated infraction
of the constitution!
SPEECH OF MR. GIDDINGS,
OP OHIO.
In the House of Representatives, January 22, 1845—
On the resolution for the annexation of Texas.
Mr. GIDDINGS remarked that in whatever light
the question before the committee is presented, it
becomes a question of "union between the two gov-
ernments of Texas and the United States." These
governments are at this time (said he) independent
powers; each acting under a written constitution,
each passing laws for the government of its own
people; entering into treaties with foreign powers;
maintaining peace, or making war; and discharging
all the functions of an independent sovereign nation.
The people of each have selected that form of gov-
ernment which best accords with their own views;
and it is a reflection upon the people of Texas to
talk of extending to them the benefits of a free gov-
ernment. The declaration carries with it an impu-
tation that their present government is oppres-
sive.
It is proposed, by the resolutions before us, to
unite these two nations into one consolidated gov-
ernment, so that the people of the two nations shall
become one people, enjoying the same national ad-
vantages, liable to the same national burdens, and
be governed by the same general laws. The only
substantial reasons that have yet been urged in fa-
vor of this important proposition are "the extension
and perpetuation of slavery and the slave-trade, and
the increase of political power in the slave States."
The act of entering into this new union with a for-
eign government, if carried into effect, must, of ne-
cessity, dissolve the present Union, under which,,
for more than half a century, we have lived in pros-
perity. We shall, of course, carry with us all the
advantages arising from our present power and in-
fluence, and those which will result from our trea-
ties with other nations. We shall carry with us
into the new political copartnership our public lands,
and our revenues derived from every source. At
