344
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
Jan. 1845.
28th Cong 2d Sess.
Annexation of Texas—Mr. Giddings.
H. of Reps.
poused the cause of the slavedealers on board the
Comet and Encomium, and became the agent of
those who dealt in mankind, and disgraced the na-
tion by lending its influence to the support of an exe-
crable commerce in human flesh? It was not northern
men. Who brought before the Seriate in 1840 the
subject of the slave-merchari ts on board the Enter-
prise, and attempted to enlist the sympathies of the
nation in favor of a class of slave-merchants who
were hated by men and cursed of God? Sir, it was
the very apostle of slavery. Who. in 1842, again
agitated the question of the slave-trade in that end
of the Capitol, in order to obtain from the British
government a compensation for those dealers in
slaves who professed to own the persons on board
the Hermosa and the Creole? Who procured the
enactment of those acts of Congress by which slave-
ry and the slave-trade in this District were continued
and are now maintained? Who, in short, for twen-
ty-five years perverted the powers of this govern-
ment to the unconstitutional support of slavery, and
held almost the entire North in servile silence
in regard to their own rights in respect to that in-
stitution?
Sir, the gentleman from South Carolina felicitated
himself upon the unanimity of sentiment which
now actuates the members from the slave States. I,
too, will rejoice at the evidence which this discus-
sion has elicited of a spirit of union and of fearless
independence among the northern men. Sitting
here and listening to northern gentlemen of both
political parties, while they have so ably and elo-
quently maintained and illustrated the identical doc-
trines for the declaration of which I was driven from
this hall in 1842, I have enjoyed a satisfaction and a
pleasure never before experienced. Sir, I am satis-
fied that the "hase bowing of the knee to the dark
spirit of slavery," that the practice of cowardly
cringing before the supercilious frown of southern
taskmasters, is not much longer to characterize the
course of northern representatives on this floor.
But, sir, I must again turn my attention to the
official correspondence before us, and the remarks
which I intend to make will be directed to three of
the prominent features of Mr. Calhoun's letters to
Mr. Pakenhani and to Mr. King. These three
points are—
First. The economical bearings of slavery upon
our nation.
Secondly. The moral bearings of that institution
upon the people of the slaveholding States, both
slaves and freemen;
Thirdly. The constitutional powers of the federal
government over slavery.
Before I enter upon the examination of these
points, however, I will detain the committee for a
moment by calling their attention to the peculiar
attitude in which we, as a nation, are now placed
before the civilized world. England has abolished
slavery in her dominions. France is already mov-
ing upon that subject, and Denmark has taken the
incipient steps for setting her slaves free. So palpa-
ble are the turpitude and disgrace of holding slaves,
that even semi-barbarous nations are at this dav lus-
trating themselves from its moral contagioi. " The
Bey of Tripoli, in his decree prohibiung the slave
trade, which our honorable Secretary of State is so
anxious to maintain, declared that he did it ''for the
honor of man and the glory of God." But while
the Bey of Tripoli and the Pacha of Egypt are ex-
tending the enjoyment of civil liberty, this govern-
ment is openly engaged in endeavoring to extend the
institution of slavery. While we ourselves aie
sending one fleet to suppress the slave trade on the
African coast, we are sending another to suppoit the
E,anie traffic upon the American coast.
While we have entered into solemn treaty with
England to exert our- utmost effort to suppress this
trade in human flesh, oar Secretary of State is
calling upon the King of France to assist us in ex-
tending and maintaining it. While we, as a nation,
are professing to be lovers of libeity, our high offi-
cers of government are exerting our national1 influ-
ence to increase and extend slavery.
Our representatives in 177tl diclared the light of
man to the enjoyment of bis liberty to he self-evi-
dent, while our executive m 18-5! declares the pi og-
ress of human liberty in a neighboring govern-
ment to be highly dangerous to our prospeiity. Of
all the civilized nations of the earth, ours alone now
stands as the advocate of negro slavery. The spec-
tacle is humiliating; but so it is, that the executive
of this nation is now remonstrating with European
potentates against their efforts to promote human
liberty, and using all the skill and intrigue of diplo-
macy to prevent the extension of human freedom.
I will fuither remark that what I have to say
upon the economical bearings of slavery will be
strictly in answer to the arguments of our honorable
Secretary of State, contained in his letters to the
British minister, [Mr. Pakenhain,] and to our min-
ister at Pans, [Mr. King.]
He urges upon Mr. King and the French gov-
ernment that the abolition of slavery '"has diminish-
ed the exports of the British West India Islands;"
and he infers that it would have the same effect in
this country if our slave States were to follow their
example in respect to emancipation. Now, sir, the
argument is not legitimate. It places pecuniary
profit in the scale against the natural rights of man,
and gives preponderance to the former. Go to the
thief who lives and thrives by his midnight larce-
nies; remonstrate with him; tell him that the property
of his neighbors of right belongs to them, and that
he ought not feloniously to take it: he may turn
round, and, in the language of our honorable Secre-
tary, say to you that, were he adopt your ideas of
justice and cease his thefts, "his exports would be
diminished." Go to the pirate who robs the mer-
chantvessel of its rich lading, and, in order to des.
troy all evidence of his crimes, murders the crew and
sinks the ship: tell him that his practice is criminal,
and that he ought to cease from further outrages;
and he will reply in the language of American di-
plomacy, and say that were he to follow your ad-
vice his "exports would be diminished." Still we
should regard him as a pirate, and we should hope
that justice would overtake him. His excusc would
not mitigate his crimes; nay. it would aggravate his
guilt. So with our Secretary's argument. If slave-
ry be opposed to the natural rights of men—if it be
a self-evident truth that "man is born free," and has
received from his God the right to enjoy his liberty,
then it is a wrong—it is a'crime to rob him of his
God-given rights, although it may thereby "increase
our exports."
The honorable Secretary argues that emancipation
diminishes the wealth of a nation, from the fact that
the exports of the British West India islands were
diminished after the taking effect of her act of eman-
cipation. He does not notice the fact, however, that
while slavery existed there, the whole slave popula-
tion—men, women, and children—were employed
in the production of exports. After emancipation,
the females were withdrawn from field labor and
employed in preparing comfortable food and clothing
for their families; the children were taken from the
fields and sent to school; the males also appropriated
a part of their time in preparing comfortable dwell-
ings for their families, and in cultivating vegetables
for family use. Thus, more than one-half of the
time actually employed in the production of exports
was diveited to other pui poses more important; and,
while the exports were undoubtedly reduced, the
people were rapidly improving their physical and
intellectual condition. Should our slave States
emancipate their slaves, they would undoubtedly ex-
port less cotton and sugar for some years after-
wards. Their colored population would find new
wants in their new condition, which must be sup-
plied. They must have comfortable diet anu clo-
thing: they would wear hats, and shoes, and bon-
nets, and decent attire. These demands would open
up a new and extensive market for manufacturers;
and, as they would find themselves able, they would
begin to purchase small lots of ground, which would
increase the price of leal estate; and, in five or ten
years, the lands in those States would be worth
mole than both lands and slaves are at this time.
These deductions a;e warranted from the. wdl-estab-
lished facts that have resulted fioin emancipation in
the West India LsLitids.
Cut I desue for a moment to call the attention of
the comrnittec to the effects winch slavery has upon
the physical ability of a nation to defend itself in
time of war. Slavery is ail element of national
weakness; it is a state of unceasing war between
the master and slave. The slave.? have been re-
di ced to their present condition by physical force;
a;.J the master holds them in subjection merely by
si perior power—by violencp, outrage, and crime.
'1 he laws which authorize the master to exercise
< mtrol over his slaves were passed without the ac-
tual or implied consent of the slaves. To such
laws they have at no time yielded other than com-
pulsory obedience; they are under no moral obliga-
tion to obey such laws; they owe no allegiance
whatever to our government. They may at the
first possible moment rise, and witjb physical force
make slaves of their present masters, without any
greater violation of moial principle than is daily prac-
tised by their owners in holding them in bondage.
They sigh for liberty; they feel deeply the wrongs
to which they are subjected, and wil; have no hesita-
tion in regaining their freedom at any sacrifice to
their oppiessors, either of property or of life. The
slave will feel himself at perfect liberty to use any
and all means in his power to throw off his chains,
whenever a reasonable opportunity presents. If a
hostile atmy should encamp in his neighborhood^
he will join them, though lie-be under the necessity
of taking the lives of his master and family in order
to effect it. These slaves would be infinitely less
dangerous if they were removed beyond our bound-
aries. We could, in such case, protect ourselves
against them with an army of one-tenth of their
numbers.
But the danger to us in case of war arises from
the fact that they are scattered through all our slave
States, located on every plantation, and in almost
every house. They are acquainted with the habits
of their masters; with the roads and streams; the ar-
senals and fortifications; in short, with all the cir-
cumstances with which they are surrounded. Now,
sir, let an invading aimy of a hundred thousand
men land in our southern States, with the materiel
for two hundred thousand, and let them proclaim
freedom to such slaves as should unite with them;
and as the slaves reach their encampment, let them
be armed and drilled, and sent out to liberate their
wives and children, and those who have been op-
pressed with them. Could more efficient troops be
employed? Stimulated by a recollection of the
wrongs which they had suffered, they would be-
come desperate, and the consequences I will not at-
tempt to describe. Sir, ill case of invasion, the mas-
ter will not dare to send his servant abroad, or to
the field, unless he is watched; if he does, the ser-
vant will not be likely to return. At night, too, they
must be watched, and the family must be guarded
against their domestics. Thus they detract from
the ability of a nation to defend itself. In 1779 the
authorities of South Carolina sent a special messen-
ger to Congress to inform that body that their State
could furnish no troops to repel the invasion then
making upon them, as it required all their forces to re-
main at home in order to protect their fannies against'
their slaves. The free population of that State was
then nearly a hundred thousand greater than that
of her slaves. It should also be remembered that
the British army, during that war, dared not to
proclaim freedom to slaves, or to employ them as
troops, from apprehension as to the effect of such a
measure upon the slaves in their West India islands.
If, under such circumstancest, it required three
hundred thousand free people to guard two
hundred thousand slaves, what number would
have been lequired if the enemy had proclaim-
ed freedom to the slaves, and employed them as
troops against their former owners? We have in
the United States fifteen millions of free population,
and two and a half millions of slaves; but with
this population we are less, far less capable of re-
sisting an invading army, than we should be with a
population of ten millions, composed entirely of
freemen. Indeed, 1 think no reflecting man will
deny that we are less able to resist an invading foe
with our present Union, than the fiee States would
be if they composed a separate government, without
any dissociation with the slave Suites. In otiier
words, in case of serious invasion, South Carolina,
Louisiana, and Mississippi, and Alabama, would be
unable to watch their own slaves, and would require
all the force which the northern slave Slates could
spare to assist them in that duty, while the defence
of the whole nation would substantially fall upon
the free States. I dfsire that southern gentlemen
will understand ine as making these remarks strictly
m answer to the doctrine advanced by Mr. Calhoun
and others, and not with any desire to call up un-
pleasant feelings in the mind of any southern man.
Gen. Jackson and others say that it is necessary
that we should have Texas as a means of national
defence. I reply that every addition of slave terri-
tory renders us weaker, and places a heavier burden
upon the free Slates. This ex'endmg slavery at
the expense of our fiee States, is what the honora-
ble secretary regards as economy.
If southern gentlemen regard it in that hiht, I
may be permitted to assure them that we of the
North look upon iis economical bearings as alto-
gether unfavorable to our interests. We «re bound
by the constitution to defend the southern States in
case of invasion, or of domestic violence. That stip-
