Jan. 1845.
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
345
28th Cong 2d Sess.
Annexation of Texas—Mr. Giddings.
H. of Reps.
ulation we will perform to the letter; bat there we
btitp—we go no further. We will not take upon
oursehes any ob'igation to protect the slaveholders
of Texas. If that government will abolish slavery,
those who are now slaves will gladly constitute an
0i my that will protect the whole people of that gov-
ernment. Let them adopt that mode, but let not
the freemen of New England, or of the free States,
be subjected to the degradation of defending the
slaveholders of Texas The protection of southern
slaves has constantly entered into the considerations
which have heretofore prompted the increase of our
navy. The report of the Secretary of the Navy at
the 2d session of the 27 th Congress recommended
an increase of our naval armament to one-half the
force of the British navy; and the principal reason
winch he uiged foi .such a vast expenditure was the
support, of slavery. One of the employments of the
"home squadron" has been the protection of the
coastwise slave-trade; and little doubt now exists
that it originated in a desire to uphold slavery and
the slave trade. And this is the economy so desired
by our Secretary of State. The annexation of Texas
would call for an increase of our naval armament, in
order that slavery might be protected there as well
as in the present slave States. This will be one of
the consequences of annexation.
This proposed union with Texas will require a
large increase of our army. Our present aimy has
oftenbeen dispersed in different parts of our slave
States, in order to intimidate southern slaves to obe-
dience. For that purpose a regiment has been sent
to one place, and a company to another, to stand
guard, while southern overseers and slaveholders
could scourge their fellow men into subjection.
This is another of the economical bearings of sla-
very. Methmks that southern men should be con-
tent with this use of our present army, instead of
endeavoring to make them mount guard to protect
the Texian slaveholder fiom the iust vengeance of
an enslaved people.
If Texas be brought into the Union, we shall be
called on to extend around her a circle of fortifica-
tions, for the purpose of protecting her from inva-
sion. An expenditure, annually, of many millions
of dollars, will be required for that purpose. That
labor must be performed by slaves, as all such labor
is^iow performed in our slave States; for free labor
is not permitted in slave States to come into compe-
tition with slave labor. For this slave labor we pay
about the same price per day, as lam informed,
that is paid to the laboring freemen of the North,
while 1 believe it is univeisaliy admitted that one
freeman will, upon an average, perform as much la-
bor in a given time as two slaves. In this way the
erection of fortifications in our slave States is ren-
dered important to the support of slavery; as all
must see, that while we pay one dollar for the actual
erection of forts, we pay another to support slavery.
It will, therefore, answer for slaveholders to regard
slavery as un economical institution, inasmuch as it
enables them to draw money from the pockets of
northern men, earned by the sweat of fiee brows.
Why, sir, I have known members of this House,
sitting here and advocating heavy appropriations for
southern fortifications, while they were leceiving of
the moneys thus appropriated thirty dollars per
'lay for the labor of their slaves, who were kept m
tht; constant employ of government. To such gen-
tlemen I have no doubt the institution appeared to
be profitable, however if may appear to northern
men who pay the money. Now, sir, I object to ex-
tending this kind of economy into Texas, at the ex-
pense of the northern States.
Again, sir, let us look into the Post Office Depart-
ment, and see the effects of slavery upon that
branch of our national expenditure, feiaves neither
take newspapers, nor write letters, nor pay postage.
Theyprevenl the accumulation of a dense population;
of coarse the roads are indi{feient,and the transporta-
tion of the mail in our slave States is expensive. An
average of several years past will show that we have
paid for transporting the mail m the &lave States
annually half a million dollars more than we have
received from those States by way of postage,
while the free States have paid about the same
amount in postage more than has been expended m
transporting the mail in those States. Thus, we
all see, from the official documents before us, that
the people of the free States have been for years
taxed, at least half a million of dollars annually, to
transport the mail in the sslnvc States. This i.« an-
other illustration of the pecuniary bearings of sla-
very. And for one I object to extending the trans-
portation of the mail into Texas, at the annual ex-
pense to the free States of some three hundred thou-
sand dollars. I do not believe its economical bear-
ings favorable to our interests.
Let us for a moment examine the expenditures
and receipts arising from our public lands. From
the documents on file in the General Land Office it
appears that the public lands in our slave States
have cost us forty million dollars more than we
have received in return upon the sales of those lands,
while we have realized a profit upon the sale of our
public lands m the free States to the amount of
thirty-eight million dollars. All will see that the
whole amount of thi3 thirty-eight millions has been
drawn from the people of the free States and expend-
in the slave States, in consequence of the pecuniary
bearings of slavery. And this is the economy of
slavery, so vauntingly put foith by our Secretary
of State. Sir, from the public lands of Texas may
be delivered! If the proposed Union should be
formed, I would at once vote for an appropriation
of five or ten millions of dollars to be saved from all
further expense arising from them. By the time
this government shall settle the extent of the French
grants, the Spanish grants, the Mexican grants,
and the Texian grants, paid up the deficiencies in
those grants, extinguished the Indian titles, survey-
ed the lands, and defrayed the expenses of the sales,
we may expect a net loss of at least twenty millions
to the public treasury. Yet we hear it urged that
their lands will yield a net surplus sufficient to pay
the debts of Texas. 1 ask on what data are such
arguments bassed?
The pecuniary bearings of slavery were well il-
lustrated in the Florida war, which was commenced
and prosecuted m order to recaptiue the fugitive
slaves who had sought an asylum in that terntoiy.
It was carried on for seven years, at an expenditure
of forty miltion dollars and some hundreds of lives,
m order to capture and return to their owners some
five hundred slaves; making each slave cost the na-
tion about eighty thousand dollars, mostly taken
from the pockets of northern freemen. This is the
economy of slavery. Sir, I object to placing our-
selves in a situation to be called upon to catch the
runaway slaves of Texas. If this be economy,
may Heaven save us from its extension!
But argument on this point would be useless to
gentlemen who have travelled in the free and in the
slave States. Let us look to the largest States at the
time of forming our constitution; 1 refer to Virginia
and New York. Let us examine the latter; take
notice of her tunpikes, her railroads, her canals,
her industrious and thiiving population, her com-
meice and universal prosperity. Then look at Vir-
ginia ! Mark her miserable highways, her deserted
plantations, her dilapidated dwellings, her ragged
slaves of almost eveiy shade of complexion, her
uncouth implements of husbandry, the indolence
and extravagance of her people, her extensive for-
ests, the almost total absence of all evidence of thrift
and prosperity; and we shall not be under the ne-
cessity of reading the correspondence alluded to, in
order to fonn an opinion of the pecuniary effects of
shivery. At the adoption of our federal constitu-
tion, in IT9U, Virginia contained a free population,
nearly a hundred thousand gieaterthan New York.
In 1840 the free population of New Yoik was near-
ly four times as great as that of Virginia. Within
that period the slaves of New York have been con-
verted into industrious, enterprising, and intelligent
citizens; while those of Virginia remain in their
chains—ignorant and degraded—the subjects of mer-
chandise. Ten thousand five hundred and ninety-
three primary schools were in progress in New
• Yoik at the taking of the census of J840, while Vir-
i giniacould boast of but one thousand five hundred
| and sixty-one. At those schools in New York five
' hundied and two thousand three hundred and six-
j ty-seven scholars were instructed, while Virginia
! furnished to her primary schools only thirty-five
! thousand three hundred and sixty-one. Among the
j free white population of Virginia over twenty years
' of age, one in every twelve is unable to read or
write; while only one m fifty-three of the same de-
I scnption of population in New York is thus defi-
| cient in education. But, in order to form a just es-
i titnate of the comparative intelligence of the two
| States, we should bear in mind that more than one-
| third of the population of Virginia are slaves, kept
S m the most profound ignorance; so that about five-
i twelfths of her whole population, over twenty years
1 of&g''1, <*an neither read nor write. Such is the
moral degradation of the "the Old Dominion;" once
the home of Washington, of Jefferson, of Madison,
and Monroe—the mother of States and of states-
men. But now "there is none so poor to do her
reverence." It is slavery that sits like an incubus
upon her, prostrating her energies, corroding her
morals, and degrading her people. In the language
of one of her most talented sons, "she has become a •
vast menagerie, where men are bred for the market
like oxen for the shambles."
But what I have said of Virginia is by way of il-
lustration. The same remarks will apply, sub-
stantially, to all of the slave States; for it is to
slavery alone that Virginia may impute her want of
prosperity. And if ignorance in the great mass of
'people be economy, then, surely, may our honora-
ble Secretary of State boast of slavery as an econom-
ical institution. It wa3 well remarked by the gen-
tleman from Illinois, [Mr. Hardin,] that slavery be-
gets a contempt for labor. Such is undoubtedly the
case. It said of John Randolph that when he de-
sired to express his utmost contempt for a man, he
would assert that "he hoes corn with negroes." In
our free States we have no idle persons. Our wives,
our daughters, and our sons are bred to industry:
but in the slave States the great mass of free people
not only refuse to labor, but many of them live in
habits of gieat extravagance, while the non-slave-
holdmg class of free people are generally indolent
and miserably poor. Of the aggregate amount of
time usually appropriated to labor by the people of
the free States, at least one-half is spent in idleness
by the people of the slave States. It is, therefore,
quite plain that vice, ignorance, and poverty must
result from the existence of slavery. Yet the hon-
orable Secretary of State regards it as attended with
great pecuniary blessings to our nation.
But I desire to look into the moral influences of
slavery, which our honorable Secretary regards as
so saluti'&ry. I am aware that the honorable gen-
tleman from Massachusetts, [Mr. Winthrof,] in-
timated the danger of driving southern whigs from
us, if we speak against slavery. I do not entertain
such feais. The Secretary of State has sent to this
House an elaborate aigument in favor of the moral
influences of slavery. This argumenthas been pub-
lished to the world, and is now before us. If we
do not reply to it, we shall be regarded as having
given our tacit assent to its truth. If southern
whigs desire us to keep silence under these circum-
stances, 1 cannot yield to their wishes. Nay, if they
would do that, they are no whigs. It is, therefore,
my intention to speak with the most perfect frank-
ness. I have never before felt disposed to enter
upon the discussion of the morality of slavery while
sitting in this hall, for the ieabon that it was never
before upon us. But we now have the argument of
the honorable Secretary thrust upon us, as well as
the arguments of gentlemen in this hall, who have
eloquently insisted upon the humane and moral char-
acter of slavery. Under these circumstances, we
must meet the arguments or timidly shrink from the
contest.
Sir, I deny that slavery is characterized by either
humanity or morality. To take from a man his
liberty is the highest injury you can inflict upon
him, except to deprive him of life. Indeed, by
taking from him his liberty, you deprive him of the
power to protect his life; and it is not unfrequently
the case that the life of the slave is sacrificed by
withholding from him his liberty. But 1 shall again
refer to this point; at present I will call the attention
of the committee to some illustrations of the morali-
ty of slaveholdmg which meet us on every street of
this < ity. 1 refer to the infinite shades of complexion
that mark the slave population around us, varying
from a perfect black to the lightest complexion of
the Anglo-Saxon race. Indeed, it is not unusual to
meet a slave with a lighter complexion than his
master. But a few days since an advertisement ap-
peared in the principal papers of this city offering a
reward of five hundred dollars for the arrest of a
fugitive slave, described as a young woman sixteen
or seventeen years of age, "white, with straight
dark hair, intelligent countenance, and agreeable
manners." The extraordinary bounty offered for
her arrest was doubtless in consequence of her com-
plexion and manners. Sir, I have no doubt that
our people of the free States will marvel at seeing
advertisements for white slaves. But Mr. Jefferson
informs us that "some of the Lest blood of Virginia
runs in the veins of her slaves." Perhaps the fair
fugitive to whom I have made allusion descended
from some aristocratic family of "the Old Domin-
ion." 1 am told that it is not unusual for a man to
hold his own children m slavery, and even to sell
them to those who deal in human flesh, it is said,
also, to be a very common thing for a planter to hold
