348
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
Jan. 1845.
28th Cong 2d Sess.
Annexation of Texas—Mr. Barnard.
H. of Rei)s.
measure, and not proposed as a measure incident,
or auxiliary, and necessary to the performance of
any prescribed or admitted duty, or the execution
of any granted power. And if there be no constitu-
tional authority thus to acquire foreign territory,
much less has the government any power to form a
territorial and political union and amalgamation be-
tween the United States and a foreign and inde-
pendent country.
Mr. Chairman, what I mean to say very distinct-
ly is this, that the acquisition of foreign territory is
not one of the objects for which this government
was constituted. I mean to say that, considered in
itself, as a distinct, substantive, and independent ob-
ject, it is not one about which the powers of this
government may be constitutionally employed,
To illustrate what I mean: This government may
propose to itself, as a distmctand substantive object,
to raise an army, or to build a navy, or to bring
money into the treasury by duties or taxes. Each
of these is a legitimate and proper object about
which the powers of the government may be em-
ployed, since for each there is a distinct authority in
the constitution; and I mean to say that, in this
sense, this government has no constitutional power
lo acquire foreign territory.
And here, sir, in order to relieve the proposition
which I have laid down from all difficulty and doubt
arising from what may be thought to be precedents
for the acquisition of foreign territory, and from
supposable cases which have been or may be refer-
red to in this debate, I wish, at least for the sake of
this argument, to make several distinct and import-
ant admissions.
I admit, then, so far as this argument is concern-
ed, m the first place, the right of conquest in this
government, as incident to the power to make war;
though I do not admit the right to make war for the
mere sake of making conquests, for the sake of ac-
quiring foreign territory. That would be a fraud
on the war power.
Again, I admit the right of discovery in this gov-
ernment, as a natural and necessary right belonging
to all governments—just as finding is a natural and
necessary right belonging to every individual, and
gives title where no owner appears.
Again, I admit that this government has capacity
to hold lands in trust, coming to it by the voluntary
cession of particular States.
It was under a cession of the claims of North
Carolina, made by deed, executed by her senators
in Congress m 1790, and ot the claims of Georgia,
made by commissioners appointed for that purpose
in 1802, that the United States came into peaceable
possession and jurisdiction of the country lying
west of those States, and now included m the Stales
of Tennessee, Alabama, and Mississippi.
This, however, was not foreign territory; it was
territory within the limits of the United States, as
established by the treaty of 1783. It was a part of
those vacant and unoccupied lands claimed to be
within the limits of particular States among the old
thirteen, which were deemed to have been purchased
and secured by the common blood and treasure of
all. It was territory which the United States, as a
great corporation, having peculiar relation to the
States of this Union, and charged by the constitu-
tion with the care of the common territories of the
republic, might receive on the same terms on which
the United States, in the time of the confederation,
had received the territory northwest of the Ohio,
and for the like purposes.
I do not admit that the federal government has
capacity to hold foreign territory, much less a for-
eign independent country and people, coming to it,
iflsuch a thing should or could take place, by the
voluntary cession of its owners—as, to hold the
Emerald Isle, or the. island of St. Domingo, or the
colony of Li beria. I am not prepared to say that
tills gov eminent has authority to establish and hold
colonies and set up colonial governments. Such
foreign possessions might impose on the government
duties and obligations wholly inconsistent with the
objects for which the government was created, and
inconsistent with the provisions and restrictions of
the constitution.
Again: I admit, for the sake of this argument, that
foreign territory may be acquired by treaty, when
sueh°acquisition is incident, or auxiliary, and neces-
sary to the seitletnent ot disputed boundaries, or the
settlement of any other disputes or differences be-
tween the United States and any foreign power
owning such territory. . .
The principal precedents to justify such acquisi-
tions are found in the treaty of 1803 with France,
and the treaty of 1819 with Spain. In these cases,
especially under the treaty of 1803, a very large
and valuable domain was acquired by the United
States.
I do not admit that these are precedents which
ought 10 be lightly followed, even where the ut-
most care is taken to keep within the strictest letter
of the examples. Mr. Jefferson, under and through
whom the treaty of J 803 was made, never entertain-
ed a doubt that Louisiana was acquired wholly
without constitutional warrant. But, for the pur-
pose of this argument, I take this precedent, and
that of the treaty with Spain, just as they stand,
without troubling myself to dispute their authority.
But it must be carefully observed, in the first
place, that these acquisitions of territory were made
by the treaty-making power; and next, that they
were made when the treaty-making power was en-
gaged in the exercise of its legitimate and necessary
authority under the constitution, in the adjustment
of very serious difficulties and differences between
the United States and the governments of France
and Spam respectively.
Let me refer to the state of things existing between
the United States and Prance when the treaty of
1803 was made.
In 1798, in consequence of the serious difficulties
and misunderstanding which had arisen between the
two countries, Congress passed an act declaring that
the existing treaties between the United States and
France were no longer in force, or obligatory on the
government or people of the United States.
This act was followed by measures and acts of
open hostility between the two countries, which,
however, were terminated by a convention which
was concluded on the thirtieth of April, 1800.
But this convention, though it terminated hostili-
ties and established peace, did not terminate the dif-
ferences between the countries. Particularly, the
indemnities for injuries and spoliations, due or
claimed by the United States, were left wholly un-
adjusted.
Turning to the treaty of the cession of 1803, we
find that it contains the following recital:
"Desiring to remove all sources of misunderstanding rela-
tive to objects ol'discussion mentioned in the 2d and Cth ar-
ticles of the convention of the 30th September, 1Q00 relative
to the rights claimed by the United States in virtue of the
treaty concluded at .Madrid the 27th October, 1795, between
his Catholic Majesty and the said United States, and willing
to strengthen the union and friendship which at the time of
the said convention, was happily re-established between the
two countries."
And upon the facts of this recital it was that the
cession of the Louisiana country was made to the
United States. It will be observed that one ground
of the treaty and cession was a claim which the
United States had in virtue of a treaty with Spain
of 1795. By that treaty, Spain, then the owner of
Louisiana, had agreed that the navigation of the
Mississippi should be free to the citizens of the
United SLates, and that they should have a place of
deposit for their merchandise and effects at New
Orleans, or some other equivalent establishment.
In 1802 our citizens were deprived of their place of
deposit at New Orleans by the Spanish Intendant
there, and 110 equivalent establishment was assigned
to them. This, of course, produced great alarm and
great excitement in the country. In the mean time,
France became again, as she had been originally,
the owner ot Louisiana, and, of course, with the ob-
ligations of the Spanish treaty of 1795 in regard to
the free navigation of the Mississippi ar.d a place of
deposit in behalf of the citizens of the United States
resting upon her.
The treaty with France shows on its face that the
cession was made expressly in the way and for the
sake of adjusting the difficulties and claims between
the two countries. I refer to the treaty and to the
facts of the case to show, as they clearly do," that
the acquisition of territory in this case, extensive
and valuable as it certainly was, was made under
circumstances which gave it a place, as an interna-
tional transaction subordinate and incident to another
object, which was the mam object of the treaty,
namely, the adjustment and settlement of the se-
rious difficulties, differences, and disputes between
the two countries. So, at any rate, it was professedly
regarded by the parties. AnU it was the fact of the
existence of these differences between the two coun-
tries which gave the treaty-making power jurisdic-
tion and authority to act in the case. The United
States had claims and complaints to make against
France; and France, in her turn, had claims and
complaints to make against the United States. The
United States, moreover, claimed important privi-
leges in the very territory in question; and the terri-
tory was deemed a convenient instrument in the
hands of the parties, to be used in adjusting their
difficulties. France owed the United States a large
Bum of money, and Napoleon had no money to
spare from his wars and his ambitious projects,
while he was quite willing to spare a distant
Erovince, which brought him more anxiety and trou-
le than profit. I cannot, and do not, in this argu-
ment, object to the acquisition of territory in this
form and manner as unconstitutional. I suppose
the United States may, in good faith, take pay in
lands for a debt due from a foreign power, when it
cannot pay in cash, and that we may pay in money
for any excess in the value of such lands. And so
also, that, in like manner, and in good faith, the
United States may take foreign lands in the final
adjustment of disputed boundaries, or of any other
disputes with a foreign power. Such, I repeat,
were the terms on which the acquisition of Louis-
iana was professedly made. 1 do not go behind
this profession. I see that the treaty-making pow-
er had jurisdiction to act in the premises, and I sub-
mit to the result. No one can doubt that the su-
preme authorities, charged with the care of our for-
eign relations, have full power to adjust our difficul-
ties with foreign nations, and that the terms of such
adjustment are wholly within their own discretion;
provided, only, that nothing be done which shall
directly conflict with the provisions and restrictions
of the constitution. Foreign territory may be ac-
quired in war. It is the duty of the executive au-
thorities charged with our foreign relations to ter-
minate our difficulties with foreign nations without
war, if they can; and if the acquisition of foreign
territory becomes auxiliary and Necessary to the
peaceable settlement of such difficulties, I do not
know that this can be charged as an assumption of
power. It is exactly on the grounds here stated
that the treaty of cession of 1803 professes to stand.
In regard to the treaty of 1819 with Spain, the case
was not materially different. Here were disputed
boundaries to be adjusted, and there were other
serious differences and disputes between the parties
to be settled, some of which had existed almost
from the heginning of the century. The recital in
this treaty is that the parties "had determined to
settle and terminate all their differences and preten-
sions by a treaty which should designate with pre-
cision the limits of their respective bordering terri-
tories in North America."
The treaty shows on its face that there were five
different and distinct claims and reclamation which
each party had on the other, and which each agreed
to renounce. No doubt there was in this case a
cession of valuable territory; but the acquision of
territory was not the naked object of the treaty—far
from it. Thpre were mutual pretensions to be re-
nounced; and Spain owed the citizens of the United
States five millions of dollars, which she could not
pay m cash, but which she could pay in lands.
The treaty-making power had a case to go upoii
—it had a duty to perform m the settlement of na-
tional differences; and the treaty shows that the
cession of the territory in this case was, as an inter-
national transaction, subordinate and incident to that
main and principal object. The fact of the exist-
ence of such differences was the basis on which the
negotiation between the two governments was
begun. This gave jurisdiction to treat. These
differences must be settled by negotiation and treaty,
or they might have to be settled by war. And
just as there is no legitimate authority in this gov-
ernment to make war on a foreign power where no
differences exist, and solely for the purpose of ac-
quiring territory by conquest, so, in my judgment,
the government has no authority or right whatever to
attempt to acquire foreign territory by the peacea-
ble means of negotiation and treaty, where there is
nothing else to negotiate about or settle with a for-
eign power, but where the direct, substantive, inde-
pendent, and naked object is to acquire territory.
The case of the treaty with Spain was not a case of
this sort.
Having said thus much of the cases which have
been referred to in this debate as precedents for the
acquisition of foreign territory, and also of certain
supposable ca^es, 1 recur to the pioposition with
which I set out, and which 1 must take leave here
to repeat:
That this federal government, by eny or by all of
its departments and functionaries, has no power or
right under the constitution to acquire foreign tt rri-s
tory and annex that terripry to the United Stat
and so to enlarge and expand the area* and cmp '
