Jan. 1§4§.
APPENDIX TO fftE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
249
28th Cong 2d Sess.
Annexation of Texas—Mr. Barnard.
H. of Reps.
of the republic; such acquisition being proposed as ;
a distinct, substantive, and independent measure,
and not proposed as a measure incident, or auxili-
ary, and as a necessary to the performance of any
prescribed or admitted duty, or the execution of any
granted power. And if there be no constitutional
authority thus to acquire foreign territory, much
less has the government any power to forma terri-
torial and political union and amalgamation between
the United States and a foreign and independent
country.
And here I feel myself justified in saying, that one
thing is at least certain, that there has been no pre-
cedent in our history for such an acquisition of for-
eign territory as is here proposed. And if such a
thing1 has been at any time heretofore proposed, sug-
gested, or attempted, by any administration, or any
official person, whether it was Texas or any other
territory that was sought to be acquired, I mean to
embrace all such previous attempts, as well a? the one
now before us, in the condemnation expressed m the
proposition which I have just repeated. But it is
the present case with which lam now dealing, as
the first instance and example which has ever come
before Congress for consideration, where it has been
distinctly proposed to add to the public domain and
the political jurisdiction of the United States an ex-
tensive foreign territory and country, as a substan-
tive and independent measure.
And this is exactly what is proposed to be done in
this case. We have no questions of disputed
boundary, and no disputes of any sort with Texas.
We want her terriioiy, as Frederick, I think it was,
wanted a province: and we propose to obtain if, if
we can, as the naked object of a treaty, compact, or
legislative bargain. There is nothing for the Presi-
dent and Senate to negotiate about and settle with
Texas; there is nothing for Con>ress to bargain
about, if Congress had the right to bargain at all
with a foreign power, but for the acquisition of the
Texian territory and country. The whole bargain,
if one be made in any form, must begin and end
with this.
And this, I say, is what this government has no
power to do. Government has no right, as a dis-
tinct and independent object, to seek to enlarge the
public domain of the United States, and so extend
the territorial jurisdiction and empire of the republic.
Look through the constitution; take in its general
scope and design, or search with microscopic vis-
ion through every paragraph, sentence, clause, line,
word, and syllable in it, and not the slightest color
con be found, by any candid and impartial inquirer,
for the idea, that it was the design of the framers of
that instrument to arive to this federal government
power to acquire foreign territory as a distinctive
and substantive object; to bring so much additional
territory, and so many souls, if you please, under
the dominion and jurisdiction of the United States.
It will not surely be pretended that it was the de-
sign of the framers of the constitution to make this
government {.nd instrument by which the people of
the United State?, Anglo-Saxon as they are, should
become the gieat land robbers of their time. We
know very well, from the history of the period, that
it was the last thing that entered into their thoughts
or designs, to make provision for the enlargement of
the boundaries of the republic beyond the ample ter-
ritorial limits which it alieady had. It was a com-
mon and serious apprehension, at that period, that
the Union, when the extent of its dependent domain,
even as it then existed, was considered, wfrnld be
found eventually to be too much extended to be easi-
ly held together together as one confederated repub-
lic. Madison devoted an entire number in the fed-
eralist to th* discussion of this subject, with a view
to show that a republic as large as the then limits of
the United States, with the model which our repub-
lic had, might be kept from falling to pieces; but he
intimated no opinion that it might be safely extend-
ed. Washington was not without his appre-
hensions on the subject, as may be seen m
the _ earnest manner in which he directs the at-
tention of his countrymen, in his farewell ad-
dress, to the indispensable necessity of opening
and improving communications, by land and water,
between the Atlantic sea-board and the Ohio, and
the great lakes of the West. And though, by the
wonderful inventions of modern times, facilities for
locomotion and intercommunication between distant
regions have been supplied which could not have
been imagined, or at most were only dreamed of, in
the earlier times of our history, so that, at this day,
we have little sympthy with the prudent and cau-
tious policy of our fathers ui this respect, eyen after
having pushed our boundaries outward quite down
to the Gulf of Mexico on the South, and beyond the
Mississippi in the West, till we look out unon the
Pacific ocean; yet I repeat, and insist, that the feel-
ings and apprehensions to which 1 have adverted
prevailed very commonly at the time the constitu-
tion was framed and adopted, and no disposition
thfc.ii existed in any quarter to make constitutional
provisional for extending the territorial limits of the
republic. Nothing could have been further from the
thoughts of the people at that period, than to clothe
this federal government with authority to run a ca-
i*e* r of territorial acquisition and aggrandisement.
All the fears and jealousies of the States, and of the
people, would have been roused and fired by such a
suggestion. And I do not believe there was a man
in the convention which framed the constitution, if
such a proposition had been thrown before it, who
could have been found to give it the sanction of his
vote; and there was not a State among the old thir-
teen which would have adopted and ratified the con-
stitution, if a provision to this effect had been found
in it.
It is true that, under the confederation, when the
desire was to unite as many of the British colonies
and communities as possible m the war against the
mother country, and when there was no perfect
union, and none expected—nothing but a sort of al-
liance for a common cause—there was a standing
invitation to Canada, and even other colonies, to
join the confederated States. But when the war
was over, when independence had been achieved,
and a constitutional and a national government
came to be set up for a country with defined and
fixed, or ascertainable limits, as settled by treaty
stipulations, no mark or shadow of a disposition
can he traced any where, in the constitution or out
of it, to widen and expand the area of the republic,
or to bring any foreign country or people whatever
into the Union. For the government of the country,
and of the whole country, both as it then stood and
as it might stand if it should chance to be enlarged in
any of the necessary and constitutional modes to
which I have heretofore adverted, the most ample
provision was made by the constitution, by that
wise forecast, reaching with clear and steady vision
into the very depths of the dark and distant future,
which so much distinguishes that sacred instru-
ment above every other like structure by human
hands. But with such provision—with provision
made, in the first place, for the temporary govern-
ment of the territorial possessions of the United
States for the time being, under "regulations" to
be presented by Congress, according to the exam-
ple set in the memorable ordinance of 1787, and
finally for the admission of the young communities
which should grow up there as "new States" into
the Union; with such provision, all reference in the
constitution to lands or countries belonging, or ever
to belong to the United States, or coming within its
jurisdiction, ends. Ana it seems to me only too
much like a bitter and wanton mockery of the grave
wisdom and just moderation of the men of the con-
stitution, when I hear gentlemen now talk of grasp-
ing at other untold millions of acres of land beyond
the untold millions we already possess; of grasping
at other vast countries and continents beyond the
vast and almost limitless regions of country already
under the sway of the republic; and professing to
be able to find a sanction fur the restless and reckless
spirit of land-adventure and territorial aggrandize-
ment m the opinions of those men, and the provi-
sions of their constitution.
Referring once more to the proposition with
which 1 set out, I beg leave to remind the committee
that my position is, that the acquisition of foreign
territory is not one of the objects for which this
government was constituted. No direct authority
can be found m the constitution in behalf of such an
object. And the very nature and structure of the
government forbids the idea that such an authority
should be found there. It is a'govetnment if limit-
ed powers; and all powers not delegated to it, or
prohibited to the States, arc expressly reserve d to
the States respectively, or to the people. And if
there be any imaginable power which the States
and the people would have been more likely than
any other to reserve to themselves, it would be the
very power in question. The government was de-
vised to be the federal head and the national ore an
of the States of which the Union should be com-
posed, and of the people. And the precise and defi-
nite objects for which it was ordained and estab-
lished are very distinctly set forth in the preamble
to the constitution. Those objects were: "To form
a more perfect union, establish justice, insure do-
mestic tranquillity, provide for he common defence,
promote the general welfare, and secure the blessing
of liberty to ourselves and our posterity." Nothing
here, Mr. Chairman, about enlarging the area of
freedom! And what man can read this preamble—
these words of living light—and then turn to look
through the constitution, with an honest expecta-
tion of finding there an authority to the federal gov-
ernment to acquirc foreign territory—to bring in
foreign countries into this Union; to give to this re-
public—this confederation and union of jealous
States, a wild, unrestrained, and Roman expansion,
according as its rapacity or ambition might dictate?
But, Mr. Chairman, a pretence is set up here that
whatever may be thought of the authority of the ex-
ecutive branches of the government over this sub-
ject, at least the legislative power is competent to
take the matter in hand. The constitution, in the
very careful distribution of powers which it makes,
declares that the power "to make treaties" shall be-
long to the President and Senate. A plain mind
would never imagine that the acquisition of foreign
territory, and much more the forming of a territorial
and political union between the United States and a
foreign country, if practicable at all, under our sys-
tem, could be any other than subject-matter for ne-
gotiation and treaty, or belong to any other than
the treaty-making power. A plain mind would
think that the legislative power must have subjects
—things or persons—already within the political ju-
risdiction of the government and country, in order to
entitle it to act at all; and it would puzzle such a
mind to know how* this power can undertake to
throw its authority, proprio vigore, over a foreign soil
and a foreign people; or admitting as it seems to be
admitted, that that cannot be done, how it can ac-
quire a right to legislate over and bind a foreign
country and people. We, in this country, have
been accustomed to think that Congress derived all
its powers from the constitution, and that its powers
could not be enlarged merely by consent, especially
by the consent and submission of a foreign power.
But this new discovery has now been made.
What, in truth and in fact, Mr. Chairman, are the
acts of joint resolutions now before the House for
annexing Texas to the United States? In form,
they purport to be acts of legislation; but are they
in fact acts of legislation? To talk of an act of le-
gislation on a subject in regard to which the legisla-
ture has no power to bind any body, is a mere ab-
surdity. An act of Congress to annex Texas to the
United States, of itself, binds nobody; and Congress
has no power and no means to make it bind any
body, except by the assent and agreement of Texas.
It is in fact a mere proposition—a protocol, offered
to a foreign government; and, if accepted by that
government, then a compact or treaty is formed,
having its efficacy and binding force, not in an act
of legislation merely, but in the agreement between
the two powers, as all treaties have. It takes two
powers to make a compact or treaty which shall be
binding as a supreme law on the people of the two
countries represented by such powers; and it is be-
cause both agree that the two countries shall be
bound, that they are bound. Neither party has
power to bind even its own people, in reference to
the proper subject-matter of a treaty, without the
other. AIaw of this Congress for the annexation
of Texas to the United States is a perfect nullity
without another law to the same effect by the Con-
gress of Texas. And if these laws of the two coun-
tries, taken together, could have any operation or
validity, it would be because they constitute a com-
pact or treaty: and does not every body know that it
is absurd to talk about making a treaty between the
United States and any foreign power by any other
authority than that of the President and Senate?
Reciprocal and conditional acts of legislation (as
some acts of Congress having reference to commer-
cial regulations) stand on a very difFeient footing.
In these cases, we choose to make our legislation
effective only on the happening of certain events or
contingencies—as, for example, on some reciprocal
act by a foreign nation; but all the while the legisla-
tive power over the subject-matter is ample and
complete.
But it is still insisted that Congress has express
authority to acquire foreign temtorv, and even a
foreign country, under an organized and inde-
pendent government, and that tins authority is given
in the clause which confers on Congress the power
to admit new States into the Union. I cannot
imagine a perversion of a plain provision of the con-
stitution; the intent and scope of which are perfect-
