350
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE,
Jan. 184S
28th Cong 2d Sess.
Annexation of Texas—Mr. Barnard.
H. of Reps.
ly obvious, more wild, extraordinary, and reckless
than this. I must be excused when I say that I re-
gard this claim of power as the grossest attempt at
fraud on the constitution that has ever been made.
Here is an obvious and necessary authority for
the admission of new States into the Union. Ill the
first place, it was an authority for the admission of
States formed out of the territory included within
the original boundaries of the United States, as set-
tled by the treaty of peace of 1783; whether it was
territory already ceded to the United States by par-
ticular States, as the territory northwest of the Ohio;
or territory which should be afterwards ceded, as
was done by North Carolina and Georgia; or terri-
tory which should still remain within the jurisdic-
tion of particular States, as the district of Kentucky,
claimed by Virginia, and the New Hampshire
grants, claimed by New York, and out of which the
States of Kentucky and Vermont were erected and
brought into the Union, with the consent of Virginia
and New York respectively, as the constitution ex-
pressly provides.
Such, I say, is this power in the first place. It is
a power to admit new States—a significant term,
clearly indicative of the intent—States which should
grow up on the American soil, by that gradual pro-
cess of accretion and filling up by American citi-
zens, on the new lands of the country, which the
whole country so well understood at the time, and
now so well understands. And this power of ad-
mitting new States was made, with deliberate and
wise intent, broad enough to cover every case which
could arise within the original limits of the United
States. But this was not all.
We have se<n that foreign territory might be ac-
quired by conquest, or by discovery, or by treaty,
when incident and necessary to the performance of
any prescribed or admitted duty of the government,
or the execution of any granted power. And this
power of admitting new States is found to have been
made broad enough to cover the cases arising m ref-
erence to such foreign territory. Under this power,
our practice shows that new States may be admitted
into the Union, which may grow up, on this acquired
territory, into communities of American citizens, by
that same process of gradual accretion and filling up
on these new lands to which I have before advert-
ed.
Such i3 this power of admitting new States into
this Union. And now what is argued, or rather
what is assumed? Why, that this is an express au-
thority to the federal government, through the agen-
cy of Congress, to acquire foreign territory. The
argument is, that it is first an express authority to
admit a foreign country and people into this Union
as a State, as well as to admit new States foi med out
of our own domestic territory. Thus the bounda-
ries of the republic would be extended by so much;
and then, if such foreign State have large posses-
sions of dependent territory, this is an express au-
thority for acquiring that territory as a condition of
admitting the State into the Union.
Sir, this is a matter about which it is difficult to
argue. It is difficult to argue against a claim of
right in this government, under the power to admit
new States into the Union, and, through the agency
of the legislative department, to ally itself with for-
eign independent sovereign powers, in such a man-
ner as to bring them into the Union and into a par-
ticipation m the affairs of this government and coun-
try. It is a claim of power fitter to lie lebtikfd ami
denounced than argued about. A claim of power to
bring a foreign country n>id a foreign peopte into
this Union as a State, wish not one cin£rj) l;' it uiio
can be a citizen of the United uusvn, at
least, to the moment v. hen the act of ad-
mission is consummated! And a Siate, then fore,
which cannot for seven ye.us sroJ a lepresenta-
tive to this House of Congress, nor for nine years
send a member to the other br.mcli of the national
legislature, nor for lointi en Years furnish a candi-
date for the presidency, luihss, nu'eed, by borrow-
ing and importing nicens f'-r I he purpose irom
other and older State-'1 i his v^y uitfi'ulty occur-
red in regard even t<i the .ub.u-' '<'H ot Louisiana as
a State, formed of tirutoiy already t" quired, and
within the limits and pir mIhUm,' < t tee Tinned
States. Louisiana v,a^ lavtid'y cveludeu Ii.mii .el-
mission as a State until ew< tly u oe yeais aifi i t..c
inhabitants of that eounti y had been i-( .-<3 is
citizens of the United States by the treaty ■ee--e>n
of 1803. That treaty beais date the 3ilih of A pi il,
1803. The aet of ("on^rfss for the ol
the State into the Union bears date the >"h of April,
1818, and the lsst section of that act expressly de-
clares that it shall not take effect and be in force till
the 30th of Awril, 1812.
Sir, this claim of power is too gross and mon-
strous. Have gentlemen reflected that if independ-
ent Texas may be brought into the Union in this
way, independent St. Domingo may be brought in
in the same way? and there are those in this coun-
try, and a great many of them I am afraid, who •
would rather see St. Domingo made a State of this
Union to-morrow, than Texas. The independent
colony of Liberia may be brought in in the same
way. Independent Turkey may be made a State of
this Union by the same power which is here pro-
posed to be employed for the admission of inde-
pendent Texas. And it must be remembered that
it seems by no means certain that monarchical or
despotic forms will constitute an impassable barrier
to tiie admission of a foreign State into this Union,
if it can be admitted at all. If a State comes in with
republican forms, or adopts such forms, the United
States must guaranty them, at the option and de-
mand of the State. But, really, if a foreign State
may be admitted at all, it is not, to my mind, a very
extravagant thing to expect that the time may come
when we may find States in this Union with a pop-
ulation little accustomed to republican usages, and
with institutions and laws no more in accordance
with our own than are those of Russia or of China.
And, indeed, how any man can soberly talk
about bringing into this confederacy a foreign
country, existing under an organized and independ-
ent government, and constituting, by common ac-
knowledgment, one of the independent nations of
the earth, and talk of doing this by an act of legisla-
tion under the power to admit new States into this
Union, is more than I can understand.
But some of the friends of this measure, who have
not been able yet to make up their minds to embrace
this bold and novel idea of finding an express power
ill the constitution by which Congress may super-
sede the treaty-making power, and legislate for a
country and people without the jurisdiction of the
United States, as well as within it, have resorted to
another mode of finding authority for this extraor-
dinary proceeding. In their view of the case, while
there is no express power for the admission of a
foreign State into the Union, or for the acquisition
of foreign territory, yet the proceeding admits of
complete justification, on the ground that the power
proposed to be employed for this purpose is inci-
dent, that is to say, is necessary and proper, to the
carrying into effect certain granted powers.
In the first place, these gentlemen discover that
the acquisition of the territory of Texas, by joint
resolution or act of Congress, is necessary, in order
to enable Congress to execute the power, finally,
of admitting Texas, or a part of it, as a Sfate, into
the Union.
Here, it will be observed, it is assumed that the
Texian territory must be brought into the United
States, and under its jurisdiction, before the power
to admit a State into the Union out of it can begin
to operate—a doctrine quite in the teeth of that
which other friends of this measure maintain, that
the nowpr to admit States is identical with the power
to acquire territory. The whole ground taken here
is this: that there is an express grant of power to
Congress to admit new States; but Congress can
only admit States formed out of territory actually
within the United States, and Texas is not within
the United States; therefore, in order to enable Con-
gress to execute the power of admitting a State,
formed out of the Tt-xian territory, into the Union,
it is necessary that Congress should iirst annex tiie
tenitory to the United Slates; and this is called the
exercise of a power ''incident'1 to the power to
admit new Slates into this Union. Surely, this
is a new discovery in the way of incidental powers
—and by those of the strict construction school,
too.
Before this, it has been generally thought, T be-
lieve, that the incident followed, or attended the
principal power. But here it is found that the inci-
dent precedes, and actually creates, the principal
power. There is no subject-matter for the principal
power to operate upon, till the incident has acted.
The argument concedes that Congress has no power
to admit a State formed out of foreign territory, and
yet it is insisted that Congress may help itself to
this very power by bringing such territory, for this
very purpose, within the limits of the United
States ! On the same principle precisely, Congress,
supposing Congress all the while to possess the
treaty-making power, might acquire this foreign
territory, in order to enable it to regulate the com-
merce between this country and that, on the footing
of commerce between the States, instead of that of
commerce with foreign nations.
But these same ingenious gentlemen find an au-
thority for annexing Texas to the United States by
act of Congress, in the power to make war, inas-
much as conquest is incident to war. XC is sl little
difficult to see how this argument applies to the ac-
tual case. Annexation is proposed without con-
quest, or war, or anything to make a war out of;
and the question is, by what constitutional authori-
ty? It seems to be supposed, that because we might
go to war with Texas if we chose, without cause,
and, when at war, might conquer and take posses-
sion of her territory, therefore we have the right to
acquire the same territory, if we can, by compact,
without war or conquest, inasmuch as, having the
power to make war, we have the power to da any-
thing which may tend to prevent it.
Well, sir, when the case occurs, it will be time
enough to consider the propostion. When we shall
declare ourselves ready to go to war with Texas,
without cause, or the shadow or pretence of a cause,
and solely for the avowed purpose of seizing on her
territory by conquest, 1 agree that it will be well
enough to consider whether it would not be best to
forego the outrage of the war, and take the territory,
if we'can get it, by conquest and purchase. When
such a thing happens, it will be quite too late to hag-
gle about the constitution. But such a case has not
yet occurred, and is little likely to oecur, I trust.
Nebody proposes to go to war with Texas, or dreams
of taking her territory by conquest. There is no
occasion, therefore, for an attempt to get possession
of her territory by purchase, in order to prevent a
war.
It seems hardly worth while to suggest to gentle-
men who can seriously urge such notions as these
in regard to the power of Congress over the subject
m hand, that, aside from all other difficulties, the
power to declare war, which certainly belongs to
Congress, by no means carries with it the power to
make treaties by which war may be prevented: that
certainly belongs to the President and Senate.
But, Mr. Chairman, I am admonished that I must
bring this imperfect aigument to a close.
If anything could add to the force of the demon-
strative conclusion that the design of annexing Tex-
as to the United States, so unflinchingly pursued,
and by such unscrupulous means, can only consum-
mated by the sacrifice of the constitution, and proba-
bly of the Union, it would be the consideration of
the two leading objects proposed by the leading
friends of the measure to be attained and received
by it.
One of these objects is, to enlarge the area of
freedom. The other is to enlarge the area of
slavery. ^
Sir, I say not one word about the difficulty which
some minds must have m making these two things
! consist together; nor do I thmk it worth while to
] stop to suggest that m the keeping of independent
• Texas—and independent she will be, if we let her
I alone both the area of freedom and the area of
slavery are likely to be about as large, so far as that
country is concerned, as if it was annexed to the
United States.
But I look at these two objects, and especially at
the last-named of the two—avowed to be, as it un-
doubtedly is, the grand object proposed to be se-
cured by annexation—and 1 ask myself by what
prctenct of constitutional warrant is it that any man
can propose to employ the powers of this federal
government for such a purpose; 1 pass by the trum-
pery notion about enlarging the area of freedom, as
a mere phrase, invented "to tickle the ears of very
pimple people, and warm up a vulgar support for
this measure principally- m the coolei latitudes. But
what shall I say of that other object, openly avowed
in face of the world? "Tins measure (says the Sec-
retary of State in his official correspondence) is
made necessary in order to preserve domestic insti-
tutions," In other words, this measure is deemed
necessary in order to promote and advance the pe-
culiar and special advantage and interests of sUveiy,
as it now exisis m se\eial of the States of this
Union, and to this end the powers ol this govern-
ment tire invoked.
Sir, is ihere any man bold enough to say that
this federal government was constituted to be cham-
pion, the. active abetter and promoter of the institu-
tion of slavery? Is there any man bold enough to
say that the constitution imposes ou the government
the duty, at the call of the slave States of the
Union, to step forward, and, by an exercise of tm
