Feb. 1845.
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
351
28th Cong 2d Sess.
Annexation of Texas—Mr. Miller.
Senate.
most extraordinary stretch of power, push abroad
and expand the boundaries of the republic, in order
to enlarge the area of slavery in the United States,
and to increase the political power of slavery at
the national capital? No, no, no; a thousand times,
no. The measure of annexation is wild, bold, and
extravagant enough in itself, considered in the light
of the constitution; but it is a thousand times more
wild, bold, and extravagant, when taken in con-
nection with such an object as this.
Men of the {South ! Let this institution of slave-
ry—for God's sake, let it rest on the basis where
the constitution has placed it. The North will
stand, and stand forever, by the compromises of
the constitution, if only you will allow that consti-
tution and this Union to strmd, and stand together,
and stand as they are. Depend on it we may get
on very well together yet without Texas, but badly
enough, badly enough, I am very sure of it, if Tex-
as is to come in to spoil what remains of harmony in
our family compact. As certain as truth and God
exist, tiie admission of Texas into this Union will
prove, sooner or later, an element of ovet whelming
ruin to the republic.
SPEECH OF ME. MILLER,
OF JN'EW JERSEY.
Iii Senate, February, '.25, 1845—Ou the resolution for
(he annexation of Texas.
The resolution for the annexation of Texas being
under consideration, Mr. MILLER, of New Jersey,
rose and said:
Mr. President: Permit me to return my thanks
to the Senate for its couitesy last night in not com-
pelling me to proceed with the debate at the late
hour at which the senator fiom Mississippi [Mr.
Walker] concluded his speech. I confess that I
have no gieat love for a "midnight cry,1' even
against the admission of Texas. The delay may
also he of some service to the country. If it does
not defeat the measure altogether, it has at least re-
tarded Us consummation for another day, and per-
mitted one more sun to rise upon our glorious re-
public as it is. The constitution is yet unbroken;
what another day may bung forth we know not, but
the signs are inauspicious. It is said that the cere-
mony of annexation is to take place within twenty-
four hours. The friends are all ready, each prepar-
ed to perform his part—the oracle has spoken from
the Hermitage. The senator fiom Pennsylvania
[Mr. Buchanan] has  aid that the deed must be
done now: the senator from Maiyhmd [Mr. Mer-
rick] holds the charmed ring; but who, who, f ask,
will pronounce upon this unholy, unla^ ful congres-
sional union the solemn declaration, "what God
hath joined together let no man put asunder?"
In the name of New Jersey, and by the request of
her legislature, I protest against this measure. She
leheves that we have no constitutional power to ad-
mit a foreign State into this Union; and that, if we
now, by a mere majority in Congress, admit Texas,
we shall inflict a deep wound upon the constitution,
commit a flagrant act of injustice to the rights of the
native-bom Slates of the confederacy, and thus en-
danger, if not destioy, the peace and durability of
the Union itself. Some of these results have mani-
fested themselves e\en duting the discussion of this
measuie. The senator fiom Ohio, [Mr Aljlkn.] ui
his ferwnf ?eil tor the acquisition of foreign Sratfs,
seems to have fms-otten (he name, location, agd his-
tory of one of the oldest of the domestic States.
That senator ha--: been l.* ffly so much en;
:d m
examining the map of Texas, that he has foi^oum
the geography of his own countiy. trftrdr.y,
when he took occasion to reply to some rcmaiks
made by my colleague, he could not recall the name
of our State, and upon inquiry of gentlemen about
him for the ''name of that State lying over ther^,
somewhere toward New York," was tr>!d it wa.-s
New Jeisey. Now, all this may have a riser fiom
a momentary slip of the- memory, yet 1 mu^t con-
fess I was not a linle mortified that New Jersey, ot
such a time, and upon a deba'e like thi?', should re-
quire an introduction in the Senate of the United
Status. In this day of progressive democracy,
when old things a *e to be done away, when the
identity of the Union is to be changed for the em-
pire of the world, it becomes the small States to be
somewhat jealous, even of ihur names; and, for
fear that we may be left behind like rotten boroughs
in this majestic march after uimersnl dominion, I
beg leave to remind the senator fi urn Ohio that there
is a State in this Union called New Jersey. It is
situated between the Delaware and Hudson. There,
in times of old, men fought for liberty, the very
battle-field of the revolution, where was consum-
mated that patriotic struggle for independence which
secured to us that very constitution now about to
be broken, and perfected that Union now in danger
of being severed. Ohio should be the last to forget
New Jersey. That State wTas first settled by Jer-
seymen. The first axe that was laid at the root of
the native forest, where now stands the queen city
of the West, was wielded by a Jerseyman. Her
towns and villages are filled with our true-hearted
sons, who, when the Union is in danger, will turn
theit backs upon Texas, and look with pleasure and
pride to the green hills of their native State.
Ail admit the importance of this measure—that
deep and lasting results will follow from its adop-
tion. It will form a new era in our history; the era
of foreign dominion; the extinction of a sister re-
public, and the annexation of its territory and peo-
ple to our government. The right of extending our
constitution over all the nations of the world; the
right of aliens to a seat in this chamber, to interfere
with our laws and institutions; the assumption of
debts that we never contracted; the extension of
slavery beyond the present limits of the United
States; the sanctity of treaties; the disturbance of
national boundaries; the peace and strength of the
Union, are all embraced in this measure, and bound
up, as it were, in a bundle, by the resolutions now
upon that table.
This question now comes to us surrounded and
upheld by almost overpowering influences. The
present executive, with the influence he still re-
tains, is frantic m its favor, while the Presidentelect
i •' pledged to its support. He was chosen for
Texas. All that executive patronage can effect is
otthe service of Texas. Yes, sir, Texian influence
is now forming our next cabinet; the road to office
is thiou&h Texas. The wise men, not of the East
alone, but of the North and South, follow the lone
star. In aid of this comes public opinion, like a
mighty avalanche, bearing down upon our hopes
and fears; further on may he seen the, bu7'/ard
throng of land-jobbers, scrip-dealers, speculators,
and adventurers, all eager to secure their prey.
Over ail, and above all these combined powers, -pre-
sides the master spirit, great Jackson himself, urg-
ing on the trained bands with the cry, now or
never.
To attempt resistance to a power so tremendous, j
is like throwing one's self before the rolling car of '
Jui^crnout. But, great as may be the risk, I con-
sider it the duty of the Senate to resist to the last;
and if we fail we shall have the consolation of know-
ing, even in our political death, that we stood by
the constitution to the last.
A year ago we met this same question in the
form of a treaty; we met it manfully, ascertained
its origin, detected its fraud, denounced its object,
and, after a full debate, defeated the measure by a
large majority of the Senate. The country pro-
nounced that a noble contest in defence of the con-
stitution and the honor of the Union against execu-
tive Hiti igue and influence. The senator from Mis-
souri [Mr. Denton] was the hero of that campaign.
Right nobly did lie bear himself in the very front
and thickest of the fight, upholding with his strong
arm the untarnished glory of his country amidst a
shower of deadly balls and poisoned arrows.
If ir. that noble resistance the honorable senator
fas is s.-ud) lost some old friends, I can assure him
that he won for himself a host of new ones.
The first campaign bei-ig over, and the executive
finding himself defeated in his favoiite measure by
the ^on*Tif,i!ioiiai action of the Senate, sets to work
to de-\ire fome means of oveicoming our power of
re^ii-tau^e. Tn the scheme adopted he has shown
hnnse-lf a skilful tactician, a very hero at a siege.
Finding that no power from without could over-
come the force within, he adopts a plan to reduce it
by stratagem—the two-third vote must be got rid
of, a mere majority can be managed. He makes
his broach thiouffh the House of Representatives;
he enters through the legislative door, and one-
third of our power is annihilated by the stratagem
of converting the treaty into a joint resolution.
I trust in God that this cunning manmuvre may
not prove successful—that the Senate will be con-
sistent and true to itself.
In addition to the high motives which induced us
to ieject the treaty, we are now called upon to de-
fend the constitutional lights of the sovereign Stales
of the Union. Under eircumstanccs like these, it
cannot be conceived that the Senate will turn re-
creant to itself, by showing the white feather in the
hour of ganger, and yielding to artifice what it de-
nied to power; tamely submitting to do for the in-
coming that which-is boldly denied to the out-going
administration. No 1 I will not harbor such a
thought. The Senate must remain true to itself,
true to the constitution, true to the Union.
However unanimous the friends of annexation
may be in desiring the accomplishment of their ob-
ject, it is evident that they are greatly divided as to
the mode and means of bringing it about. Some are
of opinion that it should be done by treaty, some
by legislation, others by a union of both, while a
large majority think it should be managed any how.
Nov/, without spending time to consider these sev-
eral and somewhat inconsistent plans, I am inclined
to think the any hows arc the better politicians. The
honorable senator from Pennsylvania, [Mr. Bucha-
nan,] belongs (if I understand him correctly) to
this latter class; he will "not stand upon the form and
the manner, so that the measure be accomplished.
The senator is right. Boggle about forms, or doubt
the constitutional right of the measure, and it is in-
evitably lost. Keeping steadily in view the great
popular idea that Texas must, be ours, that the peo-
ple have willed it, nay settled it, at the last election,
and then closing our eyes upon every constitutional
impediment, there can be no difficulty in taking
Texas into the Union under the supreme sanction
of public opinion. This, after all, is but following
in the wake of progressive democracy. The peo-
ple are getting tired of this old country of ours with
its narrow limits, its worn-out lands, where even
slavery is in danger of expiring for want of new
cotton fields and sugar plantations to cultivate.
The area of freedom, too, must be extended; we
are terribly cramped for the want of space and air.
Extended, too, only in one direction; the waves of
democracy are now all setting one way. They are
now dashing with irresistible power upon our south-
western border. What shall resist their fury? You
may set up the constitution as a barrier, and say
hitherto shalt thou go and no further; here let thy
proud waves be staid; but I fear, as in the case of
old King Canute, the waves of democracy will be
found as disobedient as the waves of the ocean.
Yes, sir, if Texas be admitted, it will be by force—
not force of arms, but by force of public opinion, got
up for the occasion, annihilating all forms of law and
all constitutional impediments.
But to return to the mode and manner of annexa-
tion now proposed. It is by joint resolutions, the
first of which is as follows:
''IL'Sulicd by the Senate and the. House of the Representa-
taes oj the Unitid Stales of .l/ntuca in Confess assem-
bled, That Congress (loth consent that the territory proper-
ly included within and righfully belonging to the republic
ol Texas, may be erccted into a new State, to be called the
State of Texas, 'u ith a republican form of government, to be
adopted by the people of said republic, by deputies in con-
vention assembled, with the consent of the existing govern-
ment, in order that th#same maj be admitted as one of the
States of this Union."'
I consider this as nothing more nor less than a
proposition of Congress to form a union between
the United States and the republic of Texas. It is
made directly to Texas in her sovereign, indepen-
dent capacity. The conditions are, that she shall
dissolve her present government and erect herself
into a new.S'dfe, wiih a republican form of govern-
ment, for the express purpose of being admitted in-
to this Union. Now, it is apparent upon the very
face of this resolution that it is something more than
the admission of a new State or the acquisition of
territory. It is an act of union between two repub-
lics—Texas consenting to change her form of gov-
ernment into what is called a new State, in order to
accomplish the act. Again, this resolution ad-
mits that the ^nveinment of Texas cannot form
the union. The people of Texas are ask-
ed to give their consent, through a convention to
be called for that purpose. Why this precaution?
if the Congress of the United States has the power
to bind the° people of this country to annexation,
why may not the Congress of Texas do the same
with respect to the people of Texas? The constitu-
tions of the two countries are similar. Have not
the people within our Union as much right to say
who shall be admitted into their family, as the for-
eigner has to refuse or accept admittance? I3 the
stranger who knocks at your door to ask no other
consent but his own for permission to make a part
of your family? It 10 admitted that there is no pow-
er in the government of Texas to transfer and bind
its people to a iriion wah the people of the United
States. Where then, I ask, is to be found the pow-
