352
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBfe.
Feb. 1845.
28th Cong 2d Sess.
Annexation of Texas—Mr. Miller.
Senate.
er in this government to bind the people of the
CJnited States to a union with the people of Texas?
Are the free people of this republic to be united, for
all future time, for weal or for wo, to the destinies
of a foreign country, to pay its debts, to fight its
battles, to assume all its national and international
duties and obligations, and to fraternize with the
manners, customs, and vices of its people at the
mere discretion of Congress, by a joint resolution
passed by a mere party majority? Is this the way
in which republics are to be pulled down and re-
constructed? the manner in which constitutions are
to be abrogated and new political unions to be
formed? Mr. Jefferson doubted the constitutional
authority to purchase the Territory of Louisiana.
Timid politician ! no longer worthy to be called the
great apostle of democracy! The disciples have
grown wiser than their master, and better under-
stand the law. They have discovered a clear au-
thority in our constitution not only to purchase ad-
joining territory, but to annex all the nations of the
earth to our Union, and convert a world of aliens
into citizens by a joint resolution of Congress.
But I will not dwell upon this part of the subject,
as I have on a former occasion expressed my opin-
ion at large that there is no power tinder our consti-
tution, either by treaty or by^legislation, to admit a
foreign country into the Union. I still believe that
this transcendent power is in the hands of the peo-
ple, never surrendered by them to their representa-
tives, legislative or executive. Whenever the peo-
ple think proper to change the Union, and to en-
large the area of our constitution, so as to embrace
any or all the nations of the world, they, and they
alone, have the power to accomplish it.
Whether this power exist at all in the constitu-
tion, is not now the question. The friends of an-
nexation affirm the existence of the power. They
have sought to exercise it two ways—first by treaty
and now by legislation. The precise question now
is, whether this power belongs to the executive or
to the legislative branch of the government. All
admit that it cannot be exercised by both. What-
ever name or form may be given to this proceeding,
it is, in substance and in fact, a treaty. It is an
agreement between two sovereign powers—between
the government of the United States and the repub-
lic of Texas. The proposition on our part is made
directly to the sovereign authority of Texas—agree-
ing, on our part, that, if she will surrender that sov-
ereignty, dissolve her present form of government,
and convert herself into a new State, we will admit
her into the Union upon certain specified conditions.
If the government of Texas accept this proposition,
and comply with the conditions, the agreement or
treaty is executed in form between the two sov-
ereign powers. Now, the question arises, can Con-
gress, actma; in its legislative capacity, make an
agreement like this? •
The senator from Mississippi [Mr. Walker]
says it is not a treaty; and, to prove his assertion, he
gives a definition of a treaty, which is, I must say,
altogether new to me. A treaty he defines as "an
instrument in writing, signed and sealed with the
accustomed formalities." This sounds very much
like the old common-law definition of a deed. It is
broad enough to embrace every indenture, whether
executed by individuals or by nations. I admit
that this resolution has not the form of a treaty;
neither is it executed by the parties who are au-
thorized to make treaties; but does this change the
nature of the transaction? If the sill jed-matter be-
long to the treaty-making power, it cannot be trans-
ferred to the legislative power, by merely changing
its form. By the same pio.-ess we may nsrmne
jurisdiction over all the oljecis of 'he treaty-making
power. Congress may make peace and contract
foreign alliances by a join: resolution, and the sena-
tor fiom Mississippi would justify the assumption
upon the ground that u was'not done in writing,
signed and sealed.
It is much easiei to assume power tn-in to exer-
cise it after it is acquiicd. We l ave undertaken to
treat with Texas m our iepslati, ■ rapacity. W how
are we to approach hei; Cur ji'.r; hetion i< '
fined to tl.'i* country; we ha> e no f x:i a ienJ.oi „>l
power. Coiito .aonot ;olo n.-nlitr can
the Congi*:-'S of Texas come tons. We may each
resolve and re-resolve, within our rcspeoii\e juris-
dictions, for annexation. We may go dow n to the
Sabine, beat our breasts, and declare, m l ie
name of liberty and of Congress, that we ue-
sire the connection; but there is the limit of orr
jurisdiction—that wall of separation, which ran only
|>e surmounted by the power which has ■authority,
under the law of nations, to bind both countries at
once in a solemn compact or treaty.
Again, Congress has no power to pledge the faith
of the nation to an agreement of this kind. It is
merely a legislative act, subject to be repealed by the
next Congress, and repealed too without the consent
of the other contracting party, and without any
means of redress bn the part of Texas. Not so
with a treaty. It, when made, becomes the su-
preme law of both countries?, is subject to the law
of nations, and may be enforced by either party un-
der the high sanctions of those laws.
The withdrawal of this measure from the execu-
tive to the legislative branch of the government, is
nothing less than an attempt to break down the con-
stitutional right cf the Senate over the subject of
treaties. This is a right too important to be trifled
with, to be shifted about likejuggler's balls. It was
placed in the hands of the Senate because in that
body are represented the States of this Union. It is
in fact a State right. In the Senate all the States
meet upon a basis of perfect equality: here the State
of New York has no more power than the State of
Delaware. Under a treaty, Texas cannot be annex-
ed unless it be by the consent of two-thirds of the
States of the Union; but, as a legislative act, the
mere majority of a quorum may pass the law. As
on the passage of these resolutions through the
House of Representatives, there were 199 members
voting; one hundred of these make a majority. Now,
New York, Pennsylvania, Virginia, and Ohio, four
States, can cast 94 votes—lacking only six votes to
pass the bill. Yet, as a treaty to be ratified in the
Senate, these States can give no more votes than
Rhode Island, New Jersey, Delaware, and Con-
necticut.
The senator from South Carolina [Mr. McDuf-
fif,] says there is very little difference, after all, be-
tween the two-third and the majority principle—
only four senators; "and what are four senators
worth? They may be easily bought up at any time
by executive patronage." I have but little knowl-
edge of the saleability of senators, or of the state
of the market at present; yet 1 have no doubt that,
if this measure required four moie votes, instead of
one, to carry it, Texas would not be annexed at
this session. But I will tell the senator what is the
constitutional value of four senators. They are the
value of two sovereign States; and, though two sen-
ators from the smallest State in the Union may not
have any more body and brains than any two rep-
resentatives from New York, yet upon this question
they are equal to the thirty-four representatives
from that State in the other House.
We of the small States are now asked to yield
our equality. "We recollect too well the history of
this feature in our constitution—the difficulties, the
exertions, and sacrifices attending its acquisition—to
yield it on such an occasion as this.
It was on this \ery question—the equality of the
States in the Senate—that the convention of 1787
well nigh dissolved without accomplishing their im-
portant work; the large States contending for a ma-
jority of representatives in both branches of Con-
gress, while the small States, with unyielding firm-
ness, demanded an equality in one branch at least.
Then it was that Mr. Dickinson of Delaware, said
to Mr. Madison "that the smaller States would
sooner submit to a foreign power than submit to be
deprived in both branches of the legislature of an
equality of suffrage, and thus be thrown under the
domination of the large S'ates.1'
To such an extreme point was this question push-
ed, that the proceedings of the convention were
brought to a stand, and the hearts of its patriotic
members filled with hopeless despondency. It was
upon this question, and at this moment of gloom,
that Franklin, the patriot and philosopher, acknowl-
edging that human wisdom was exhausted, said
that the difficulties by which they were sm rounded
could only be overcome by asking, in humble
piayer, wisdom from Heaven. The difficulty was
finally settled by yielding to the smaller States the
right of equality in the Senate. Thif* right, so ae-
q ured, Cue worker States of this Union should ever
cuerish and defend.
In times past we have heard much about State
rights; most of them were imaginary or constructive;
but now we have a real, a constitutional State right
to defend, one which our patriot fathers contended
for to the last. We are now asked to relinquish
that right, to yield the equality of sovereign States,
to surrender the executive power of the Senate; and
to whom, and for what? To a party majority in
Congress for the annexation of a foreign State.
But there are other objections attending this con-
gressional compact which I have some curiosity to
hear answered by its friends. One of the conditions
named in these resolutions is, that the new constitu-
tion to be formed by the people ofTexas "shall be
transmitted to the President of the United States, to
be laid before Congress for its* final action on or be-
fore the 1st day of January, 1846." Now, it is
impossible for Texas to comply with this condi-
tion, without a palpable violation of her present con-
stitution.
That constitution directs the mode and manner m
which it may be altered or amended. The amend-
ment must first be proposed in the House of Repre-
sentatives or Senate, and, if agreed toby a majority
of members, to be entered on the journal, then ie-
ferred to the next Congress, and published for three
months prior to the election. If the next Congress
shall agree to the proposition by a vote of two-
thirds of all the members chosen to each House,
then it may be submitted to the people.
The Congress of Texas is chosen annually, and
meets on the first Monday of September. This
proposition of ours cannot, therefore, be submitted
to the Texian Congress until the first of September
next. It must then be postponed until anew Con-
gress be elected, and after that be submitted to tire
people. Thus it will take at least eighteen months
or two years before Texas can lawfully present
herself for annexation. Now, I would respectfully
ask of senators on the other side whether they in-
tend to establish the principle that a written consti-
tution may be altered in any other way than in that
provided for in the instrument itself? That a mere
majority of the people may meet without authority
of law any where, and at any time, and abolish one
constitution and establish another? If they do not
intend to sanction this principle, why send a prop-
osition to Texas which must inevitably lead to
these results? But, again, suppose the Texaiu
Congress, sympathizing in our eager zeal for an-
nexation, should disregard the requirements of
their constitution, and, at a special session call-
ed for the purpose, pass a law at once for a
convention to form a new constitution: should
the President, believing the law unconstitution-
al, put his veto upon it, and the Congress, never-
theless, influenced by public opinion, pass it by a
two-third vote5 Now, under this state of things,
imagine the executive, with a minority of the people
concurring, should believe that the whole proceeding
is unconstitutional and void, and should determine
to stand by the constitution of Texas as it is, and
resist annexation: vvhatuI ask, under these circum-
stances, would become of our congressional com-
pact, your legislative treaty? Could we enforce itr
and how1 By declaring the executive, and the mi-
nority acting wi'h him, to b<° revolutionists and trai-
tors' No, sir; they would have done nothing more
than they had sworn to do—to support the consti-
tution of their country; the revolutionists would be
on the other side.
But all difficulties are to be overcome by the dis-
covery of a new power in our constitution, or rather
a new construction of an old power—the power
granted to Congress to admit new States into this
Union. The senator from Mississippi [Mr. Walk-
er] is entitled to the honor of this discovery. His
right to this honor is prior to that claimed by Mr.
Tyler-, to him, therefore, we must look for the au-
thority in support of this new theory.
I was anxious to know by what logic, precedents,
or analogies, that senator had been led to the conclu-
sion that Congress had the power to pass laws whi< h
were intended to operate beyond the hnuts of the
United States, upon the people and territory of a for-
eign country. Last night that senior favored us
wTth his precedents and analogies. These were the
laws of Congress authorizing the Postmaster Gen-
eral to purchase post office stamps in England; "for
the exchange of books with foreisn governments;1'
t£for regulating international copy right.1' These,
with other laws of a Similar character, constitute the
authorities to justify Congress in leg-bating for t.ie
acquisition of i..-Jicns and empiies. Corgress may
purchase a post office stamp coding sixpence; ergo,
she mav contract tor Texas. Wc may exchange a
volume'of our laws for a volume of the acts of Par-
liament; therefore, we may drive a baigam for the
nurclmse of England herself. It is a saying with
the profession that authority can be found m tbe
books for any case. This case will prove an ex-
ception to the rule. It is su/ generis; so bold and so
novel that even the industry and ingenuity^)* the
senator from Mississippi may be excused tor not
