Feb. 1845.
AftpfclVDiX TO THk Cb^GfeESStoML GLOBE.
353
28th Cong 2d Sess.
Annexation of Texas—Mr. Miller.
Senate.
finding a precedent. Neither of the laws referred to
have an extra territorial operation: they do not in
the least affect either the people or the territory of a
foreign country.
To return to the power of Congress to admit new
States- The words of the constitution are: "New
States may be admitted by Congress into this
Union " what is here meant by new States? The
obvious meaning is, States to be formed after the
adoption of the constitution; but where, and by
whom, are these States to be formed? "Within the
Union or without it? By our own citizens or by
foreigners? The advocates of this measure say that
this power is not to be confined to the territories of the
Union, and to the people of the Union, but that the
woild is open to its operations; thus making this
clause of the constitution a door through which all
notions mid tribes (clean and unclean) may be ad-
mitted into our political ark at the discretion of Con-
gress Without going into the history of the con-
stitution, or resorting Jo the opinions of Its fathers,
it appears to me that the question can be settled by
considering the nature of the constitution, the limited
character of that power of Congress now sought to
be enlarged, and the manner in winch that power
has been exercised by our government since the
adoption of the constitution. Our constitution was?
not made for the world at large. Its great object
was the establishment of fundamental laws for the
government and protection of the people and terri-
tory of the United States. The constitution, in
fact, formed a nation of one people with fixed bound-
aries, giving to it name, capacity, and identity. To
extend this constitution to other countries, to Eng-
land or to France, will be to make a new nation,
composed of other people, and differing in character
and in identity.
The power invoked from the constitution for this
herculean task is the legislative power, which, from
its very nature, must have its beginning and end
within the country; possessing no capacity, inher-
ent or derived, to go beyond our territorial jurisdic-
tion. And yet this power is now selected as the
great lever by which the nations of the world are to
be raised from their old foundations and placed
within our Union. If foreign authority is to be ex-
ercised too in the face of the fact that there is within
the country sufficient subject-matter for its full ex-
ercise, we have two of our own Territories, Florida
and Iowa, now knocking at the door for admission
as States. Other Territories are organized and will
soon be ready for admission. That vast domain
stretching from the Mississippi to the Pacific, (and
ail our own,) is still to be settled by our people,
formed into Territories and oiganized into States.
With this wide and unoccupied domestic field lying
directly before us, and affording full scope for the
legitimate exercise of this power for one hundred
years to come, we are called upon to leave the coun-
try in search of new objects of legislation, and
to exercise the power in the admission of foreign
States. All this, too, is to be done under a new
and mere verbal construction of the constitution, a
play upon the words "new States." We are told
that the grant is general, nut confined to the Union,
and broad enough to include foreign as well as do-
mestic States. I beg leave to put to the advocates
of this construction a case m law. Suppose a man
owning a farm of one thousand acres, one-half im-
proved and fenced off into what we call fields, and
the other half unimproved, should appoint an agent
to take charge of his farm with these powers; that
new fields may be admitted by the agent into the
farm, but no new fHd shall be formed or created
within any other lie-id. jN'ow, suppose the agent,
not liking the 1,-ibor of clearing the wild land within
the limits of the farm, and wishing to oblige a
neighbor who owned a cleared field adjoining, should
purchase or lease this foreign field, bring it into the
firm, and call upon the principal to stand by the
bargain: could he sustain himself upon your ver-
bal construction, that the words were broad enough
to include all descriptions of fields, foreign as well
as domestic?
in all questions of construction of power granted,
H is important to inquire whether the power in
question has been exercised before, and in what
manner*
The power in question has frequently been exer-
cised by Congress during the last fifty years. Under
u thirteen new States have been added to the Union.
All thuso have been domestic States; formed upon
our territory, and by citizens of the United States.
I havy examined the laws under which these
ptates were organized, tracing them through their ,
^23)
territorial existence up to their admission into the
Union. These laws give the true construction to
the power of Congress over new States. They
show that this power is not merely confied to the
act of admission, but is also extended to the organi-
zation of States. In every case, from the admission
of Kentucky in 1791, to that of Michigan, the State
has been organized under a law of Congress, au-
thorizing the people of the country to hold a con-
vention for the adoption of a State constitution, pre-
scribing the qualifications of voters, and in every
case confining the right of suffrage to citizens of the
United States resident in the territory. Louisiana
was made part of our territory by treaty, but she
remained under territorial government until 1812,
when by a law of Congress she was organized into
a State and admitted into the Union. In the forma-
tion of her State constitution the right of suffrage
was also confined to citizens of the United States.
So it appears that, in all our past history, no new
State has been admitted into the Union that was not
formed by citizens of the United States. But how
will it be with this new State of Texas? We have
no authority over her till after her State constitution
is made and brought here. It will be formed under
the laws of the republic. ofTexas. No one can vote
for its adoption but citizens ofTexas, aliens to this
government. A citizen of the United States cannot
vote there unless he first renounce his own country,
and take the oa'h of allegiance to Texas. To what
a strange result has this proceeding brought us!
Heretofore we have permitted none but citizens to
vote upon the adoption of the constitution of a new
State; and now we declare that none but aliens shall
be entitled to the franchise.
Again: in the case of domestic States, the people
and territory out of which the new State is to be
formed are within the jurisdiction and under the
control of the government of the United States, be-
fore they are admitted into the Union as a State.
They are the infants of our republican family, un-
der our guardian care and protection, to be nurtured
in their infancy, trained in their youth, and admitted
to their equal rights in manhood. But when they
shall be admitted to these rights depends upton the
sound discretion of Congress. They may form a
State constitution, and come to us and ask for ad-
mission; but if refused they return to their territo-
rial existence, still subject to the laws and govern-
ment of the Union. But this will not be the case
with a foreign State. If Texas present her constitu-
tion and we refuse to admit her as a State, she will
fall back upon her sovereignty, provided she can
find it. At all events she will not remain a territory
of ours. There is nothing in this congressional
treaty providing for that contingency. We are
about to depart from a construction of n power of
Congiess, which has been settled by fifty years'
uniform action of the government, and to adopt a
new constitution for a specific case. I do not like
these experiments upon the constitution: they lead
to issues to be feared.
"Things done well,
And with enre, exejnpt themselves Irom fear,
Tlungs done without exainjAt, m tkui issue
Aie l«> be iccired Have you a precedent
For this commission ? I believe not any;
We must not rend our subjects Irom our laws
And stick them m our w ill.'-
By confining the exercise of this power within its
legitimate sphere, to the erection of domestic States,
we have nothing to fear. Thus limited, it has been
the means of greatly advancing the strength and
increasing the magnitude of the country; keeping
pace with the gradual advancement of population,
civilization and law, the area of our bbeity ha* bt.c-.n
extended, without interfiling with the political
rights of other nations. Thn teen new States, now
teeming with population, have heen formed out
of the wilderness. In this glorious march of inde-
pendent civilized communities, regularly advancing
through their various but natural grades of political
existence, sprung from one common ancestry, and
protected by the same paternal government, how
efficiently, and how harmoniously, is this control-
ing power of Congress exmeiP
Kentucky led the way; she was admitted into the
Union on the 4th day of February, 1791. In the
act of admission she is called, in the language of the
constitution, "a new State." Here, in the first ex-
ercise of this power by Congress, we have a living
construction of the term new State—new, as com-
pared with the old States—new in her existence,
new in her energies and in her hopes. With all the
freshness and vigor of youth? Kentucky sprasg di-
rectly from the bosom of old Virginia, fully trained
and educated for independence. Her subsequent
history is worthy of her origin. The first-born of
our western family of States, bold, patriotic, and
liberal, she presents a bright example to her younger
sisters, and perpetuates the glory of her progenitor,
by becoming, in her generation, the fruitful mother
of States, statesmen, orators, and heroes.
After having for fifty years confined the exercise
of this power within the country, and with abun-
dant space for its operation within our borders or
fifty years to come, why should we now extend it to
foreign lands, and erect temples of liberty for other
nations? Let us rather finish our own national ed-
ifice, as commenced, carrying out the plan of the
master builders; extending its majestic arch, year
after year, as the area of population advances, until
its broad span shall stretch from the Atlantic to the
Pacific, supported by our domestic State institutions
alone, the polished columns formed of the native
marble. This is our great work to perform; let us
but accomplish this, and nations of freeman, for gen-
erations to come, will worship beneath the broad
dome of this our temple of liberty, with one polit-
ical faith, and one national honor.
Under this newly-discovered power of Congress,
we are about to establish a new sytem of national
policy—a system of foreign dominion for the mere
sake of dominion. Plitherto our policy has been
of a peaceful and domestic character, maintaining
strict neutrality with other nations. We have di-
rected all our national energies to the defence and
improvement of our territory and people. Wars
we have had, but they have been wars waged in de-
fence of our national rights. Foreign territory has
also been acquired, but the acquisition was made for
the sole purpose of protecting and improving what
we had. Possessing a new and almost boundless
country, abounding in natural wealth, sufficient for
the full employment of our natural resources for
generations to come, it has been our policy as well
as our glory to manifest to the world that a free
people may, without resorting to foreign conquest,
but within their own territory under the peaceful in-
fluences of industry, enterprise, and liberty, advance
to the very highest degree of national wealth,
strength, and glory. We are now about to change
our policy. Our eagle, hitherto confined to his na-
tive forests, is to be unleashed, to soar away t<?
foreign lands; let him once dip his beak in the blood
of conquest, he will become as insatiable as the vul-
ture Who or what can stay an ambitious nation,
when in full march to foreign dominion? Texas is
the first step in this march, the mere camp-ground of
the advancing army. The public mind is filled
with magnificent schemes of national aggrandize-
ment. The senator from Pennsylvania points to
Cuba, and expresses a hope that she may be the
next subject of annexation. And California is al-
ready more than half conquered by our adventurous
emigrant citizens. We ate told that the Union is
not broad enough for the full development of the
energies and enterprise of our advancing popula-
tion; that our commerce is cramped, our agricul-
ture and manufactures are confined within too nar-
row limits; that it is necessary to our safety, that all
adjoining republics should be purchased or con-
quered, in order to extend the area of our freedom.
Now, what is the meaning of this? what but the
cravings of ambition, the catch-words of conquest,
the apologies for usurpation? It is the same evil
spirit which sent the nations of the Old World
rolling backward and forward, like the destruc-
tive waves of a troubled ocean—the same
that precipited France over the Alps to give
French libeity to Italy; that sent the citizcn
soldiers into Spain, Austtui, Poland, and finally to
Russia, Hut what was the re&uit of this gigantic
expansion of a nation's area? What but as violent
a collapse almost unto death, reviving again only
when restored to her legitimate limits under a peace-
ful domestic policy? Here permit me to relate a
beautiful legend of Nepoleon and his conquests:
"It was midnight; Bonaparte's camp rested on Mount
Tabor when an old man, kuowu by the name oi l'Homme
ttouge, and supposed hy the i-oldiers to be the evil genius
ol 'Napoleon, wa*> seen to enter the general's tent; the old
grenadier approached the entrance and heard two persons
speaking. 'Art thou here"sau! Bonaparte, 1 scarce expect-
ed to see thee so tar from France.'
" 'Ala.'" sai<i the other u ;tb a deep sigh, 'what kind is
now opeu to inc, or whither shall 1 fly to' I took reiuge
m Brussels—well, what should 1 see one morning hut the
tali shako* of youi grenadiers coming up the steep s>m-et.
I tied to Holland—> on were there the day aiter Come,
thought I, he's moving northwards, I'll tiy the the other ex-
treme^ so I started lor the Swifcft. Sacre bleu! tUercUgf
