356
28th Cong 2d Sess.
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
Jan. 1845
Annexation of Texas—Mr. Pollock.
have been swallowed up by the strong; kingdoms
have been dismembered, and their provinces divided
among the spoilers; and acquisition by conquest
has desolated nations; but the voluntary union of
two sovereign and independent nations is a fact the
historian has yet to record. In discussing this sub-
ject I do not intend to indulge in the criminations
and recriminations that have characterized some
portions of this debate. I will not condemn the
North nor denounce the South. I will not impeach
the patriotism of any member on this floor, or the
patriotism of any portion of the Union. Animated
by common hopes, and alike interested m all that
belongs to the administration of our government, I
"will award to each and all the meed of good inten-
tion. And here in this hall, and on this occasion,
we should lay aside the feelings of the mere parti-
san, and still the bickerings of party strife. They
are more becoming another arena. Let us consult
tp advance the best interests of our common country,
and let us
"Be calm in reasoning.
For fierceness makes error a ianlt and truth d.scourtesy "
It has been asserted here, dogmatically, that
Texas must and shall be ours; and, although this
House has been required to annex it, be'-duse the
people, it 13 said, have demanded it, 1 wish to know,
before I record my vote m favor of the act, what
great national considerations require the consumma-
tion of the measure. I ask the friends ofannexa-
tioh for information upon the subject; for arguments
and facts that will justify the procedure.
Do we require any additional territory* Why
not be content with our present limits, without the
annexation of Texas? Are our ample fields not
"wide enough? Let gentlemen cast their eye upon
the map of our Union; let them look at the
rolling Atlantic dashing its surges alon^ our sea-
board to the east, while the placid Pacific gently
breaks upon our western shores. We have al- j
ready a country th\t spreads from sea to sea across I
this wide continent, and which, for variety of prod- 1
nets, fertility of soil, richness of minerals, a.id all |
the genial influences of apropitious climate, might be !
denominated the Eden of the world. Is not this :
enough? Shall we not be content.? Must we be still
grasping after more? Contemplate the vast and un-
peopled solitudes which he to the West Are they
yet full? Is their soil crowded by a teeming popu-
lation that cries out for more space in which to
dwell? We have now but twenty millions to cover
all this illimitable space. For centuries to come it j
will still present portions of its virgin unbroken soil
to the footsteps of the adventurous emigrant, and
ages will roll away before its deep solitudes will be
disturbed by the white man. Notwithstanding an
increase of population unparalleled in the h story of
mankind, vast and magnificent regions of our coun-
try are without an inhabitant. Have gentlemen so
much as dreamed of the period when this country
would be densely populated? Sir, within our pres-
ent limits a population of two hundred millions can
be contained, and amply supported. Why, then,
ask to increase our already extended territory: Our
children and our children's children will here find a
habitation and a .home.
Sir, (said Mr. P ,) I deem any extension of our
present limits as not only unnecessary, but objec-
t onable and dangerous. The annexation of Texas
has been urged here strongly upon the ground that
it K3 necessary for the security and defence of New
Orleans and the southwestern frontier. This argu-
ment has been urged with a boldness that would
seem to imply great confidence in its strength and
importance. Backed as it is by the opinion of
Piesident Jackson, it deserves some consideration.
But, sir, when I find that this distinguished general
in 18*20—in the vigor of manhood—with the laurels
of victory fresh upon his brow—declared in a letter
to President Monroe that, with the Flondas in our
possession, New Orleans was safe, and that the in-
vasion of Louisiana through Texas would not be
attempted, and, if attempted, the invading army
would nay for its temerity—I must be permitted,
with all deference to his judgment m military affairs,
to prefer his then expressed opinions to his present
convictions upon the same subject. A single glance
at the geography of that country will piove the
fallaciousness of the argument. The best ports in
Texas do not afford to entering vessels more than
eight, certainly not more than twelve feet of water—
a circumstance that must forever prevent the land-
ing of a large force in that country But, this ef-
fected, the invading army would be required to
^narch through a waste and desert country for four
H. of Reps.
hundred miles to the Arkansas, and thence down
that rher and the Mississippi to New Orleans—an
adventure partaking more of duixotism than gen-
eralship. But I must leave th s subject to those
better versed than myself in the art military.
The possession of Texas would require the porta
and long line of seacoast of that country to be de-
fended; and thus a great increase to our fortifications
must be made, and also of our naval and military
establishments. The annexation of Texas by in-
creasing the already great line of our frontier which
must be defended, would weaken rather than
strengthen the United States.
The introduction of Texas into the Union will
bring with it new and diversified interests. Sources
of discord and distraction, that now too much, un-
happily, divide the American people; sectional pre-
judi es and feeling; local interests and attachments,
will be liUrodneed; and^ these in turn will add fuel to
the flame of party spirit, which has already become
the bane and curse of our country. Faction, the
deadliest enemy of republican institutions, will be
engendered, and the conflict of opposing interests
that \iiil inevitably ensue, will mar the beauty and
disturb the harmony of our system of government.
The principles of our government may in theory be
extended to an almost unlimited extent: the p>acti-
cal effect of ton ore at an exuwiori has not yet been
ascertained. The experiment 12 novel as it is dan*
gerou®. It is the last feather chat breaks the camel's
bach; and too great an extension may break the cords
that 1 ind us together, and leave the patriot to mourn
over the ruins of his country. But I must hasten
to other considerations.
Sir, (said Mr. P.) it has been said here and else-
where, that the annexation of Texas would extend
the "aiea of freedom." It would be a matter of cu-
rious inquiry whether this new-born zeal for the
extension of ''freedom" has not its origin in a still
stronger desire to extend the "aiea of slavery'" Ex-
tremes ofien meet \n this world; and, from thecourse
of this debate, and the official correspondence of our
cabinet ministers, I am at a loss to know whether
the love of freedom or of slavery is the predomina-
ting principle with those who so zealously advocate
annexation. But this inquiry apart for the present.
Will annexation extend the area of freedom? Sir,
this argument is somewhat "out of season." Texas
is aheady fieeand independent. The "area" has
been extended. Wc have given freedom and laws
to Texas. Ever since the memorable battle of San
Jacinto—a battle fought and won by the strong arms
and stout hearts of American citizens—Texas has
been free, as her ft lends upon this floor have often
and eloquently asserted. She already possesses
what we now propose to give; and she therefore does
not require the active sympathies of her American
friends. But, sir, if we aie to become the almoners
of fieedom to the world, why confine our charities
to Texas? Why not at once undertake a crusade to
put down every oppiessive government, and set
their groaning millions free?
The chairman of the Committee on Foreign Rela-
tions. who introduced this measure into the House,
in iiis address at the opening of the debate, with the
map of Texas in his hand, pointing to the Rio del
Norte and the mountain ranges in that region, declared
that the fiat of the Almighty had established these
natural boundaries, and determined them to be the
place where the Anglo-Saxon race must end, and the
Spanish or Mexican race must commence. Mr, had
the gentleman cast his eyes a few inches further to the
west upon his map, he would hav« discovered a
boundary not ltss distinctly marked or less firmly
established than the Rio de! Norte: he would ha~\e
their found the great Pacific. And why not ex-
tend at oncp our limits to that occan? Gentlemen
had told us that the, march of liberty is onward; and
if a fiee people have resolved that freedom shall ad-
vance, why limit it either to the Rto del Norte or
even the noundless Pacific? The awakening multi-
tudes of South America would gladly receive the
boon of liberty from their brethren of the North.
And, sir, we have been told, by wav of an oratori-
cal flourish, that freedom's banners would yet float
over that vast continent; that firemen's aims would
unthrone the despot, and strike the fetters from her
enslaved people; and that freemen's voices would
yet bid South America be as free as they. Well,
be it so. But will gentlemen stop there? Oh, no!
They had not yet accomplished then* \tork. On
the fuither shore of the Atlantic, the millions of Eu-
rope are waning the approach of the long-hoped-for
day of their emancipation; and Asia, with the ;
countless throng, longs for the hour of her deliver- i
the pur-
piay the
ance; the doors of the Celestial Empire have been
thrown open, and the "Brother of the Moon" would
perhaps be willing to receive, even from us "barba-
rians," the boon we are so anxious to bestow upon
Texas; and Africa (gentlemenmust not forget her—
poor sable, down-trodden Africa) stretches out her
supplicating hands, and asks from us to share in the
charities we would-bestow. In her case, however
there might, peihaps, be started a constitutional ob-
jection, and the gum-elastic expounders of the con-
stitution might be willing to say that that illimitable
clause in the constitution that declares "that Con-
gress may admit new States into the Union," was
never intended to apply to Africa or San Domingo.
Sir, the sons of Ham are there; and as we were
told, a few days ago, by the gentleman from Ala-
bama, that Ham had behaved very badly towards
his father Noah, his descendants might perhaps
treat Uncle Sam with no greater respect.
Sir, (said Mr. P.,) this pretended zeal for the ex-
tension of the "area of freedom" is wouhy of the
most palmy days of Don Quixote. We aie under
no obligation to assume the responsibility of giving
freedom to the woi Id, or evrn to Texas. The in-
fluence of our example is all powerful to the con-
summation of this desirable lesalt.
Sir, are we to enter the aicna, and, for
pose of extending the vtarea of freedom."
game of him
"Whose stakes were thrones,
Whose table eann, nliose dice were hum?D Jones1 •
Disguise it as we may, the spirit of the argument
is conquest. It is the same spirit that led Alexan-
der, with his victorious armies, over the habitable
globe, and caused him to weep when "there were
no more worlds to conquer;" that chained kings to
the chariot wheels of the Roman emperors, made
Rome the mistress of the world, and in turn over-
threw that mighty republic; that roused slumbering
Europe from her dreams, and spread her millions
over the plains of Palestine, to rescue the "holy sepul-
chre" from the hands of the mfidel Saracen; that has
written the history of the French revolution in blood;
that now controls the councils of England, and has
filled the East with her armies to plunder arid op-
press. Conquest is no part of our policy. Tt is
founded in tyranny and injustice; it is at war with
the spirit of our institutions and the principles of
our glorious founders. To escape the oppression of
the mother country they fled to these shores, estab-
lished here the great and fundamental principles of
civil and religious liberty, kindled their altar-fires
on Plymouth rock, and have left to us what here
they found—
"Freedom to worship God.'
Again, sir, we have been asked to annex Texas
in order to counteract the designs of England, who,
by endeavoring to procure the abolition of slaveiy
in Texas, intends to operate on the "peculiar insti-
tutions" of the Sovith, and ultimately abolish slavery
in the United States. In answer to this, it is enough
to know that England has solemnly disavowed all
intention of interfering with Texas, either for the
abolition of slavery there or any other political pur-
pose. This has been officially certified by the pub-
lic organs of that government to those of this. But
the chairman of the Committee on Foreign Affans
had announced to the House that if we annexed
Texas to the Union the British government would
acquiesce, and intimated tluu he spoke tin* by au-
thority. That, although England did not disavow
the desire of a connection with Texas, at least for
commercial purposes, she had wisely determined to
permit us to go on with our project cf annexation
without obstruction or molestation on her part. Sir,
I have long distrusted the policy of Cnglai d. It is
crafty, far-seeing, widely grasping, and deeply laid.
It begins and ends in her own intense selfishness.
1 would desire the gentleman who declared to us
that England would consent to the proposed meas-
ure, to tell us what the acquiescence of England
means. Whence this sudden withdiawal of all op-
position in that quaiteir As a clue to th s inquiry,
1 have turned to the official correspondence of the
lute lamented Secretary Upshur, in which it is said
that England was strongly suspected of a design to
abolish slavery in Cuba. Sir, I greatly fear her de-
signs extend much beyond mere abolition in that is-
land. Nor will I be surprised, as soon as Texas
becomes a part of the United States, and is annexed
to the Union, to hear the startling announcement
from the other side of the water that Cuba has been
annexed to England. Perhaps, sir, even now,
while we are deliberating here on this suljcct, the
cabinets of England and Spain are in secret con*
