Jan. 1S45.
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
357
28th Cong 2d Sess.
Annexation of Texas—Mr. Pollock.
H. of Reps.
clave, negotiating a transfer of that important island.
The dc igns of England on Cuba are not new or
of recent date. She has long desired that ac-
quisition. Should she succeed, and such an-
nexation he consummated—and gentlemen should
remember i that British gold had done much in
this woild; that Spain was poor, and needed
much that "important smew of war," money;
that Great Britain was rich and powerful, and
might obtain this, as she had obtained many
other additions to her crown—the consequences to
the United States would be serious in the extreme.
And yet, should we remonstrate with her on such
an attempt, should we assume a menacing tone, and
tell her to keep off, to stand back, would she not
meet such a remonstrance by referring to our own
course in the annexation of Texas? Might not her
minister say to our Secretary of State, You have
annexed a whole nation to your own; we stood by
m silence; now let us alone; we did not interfere
with you; you shall not meddle with us. And thus
we might unconsciously be preparing a two-edged
sword, and putting it in the hands of England to be
used against ourselves with terrific effect. Let gen-
tlemen eonsid-T this. Supposing Cuba should be
obtained and held by British force, could it be toler-
ated? Is there one American citizen who would
submit to it Could we, as a nation, submit to it?
Never. Sir, the moment such a step is taken,
the moment England attempts to place her foot upon
the sod of Cuba as her own, a war, cruel and devas-
tating, such as the world has not yet witnessed,
would be the immediate result. Its flame would
kindle suddenly, '-and as if an electric spark had
touched a n.trous world." Then, sir, the threat
which had been so eloquently put forth on another
occasion by a gentleman on the other side, about a
"thousand swoids leaping fiom their scabbards,"
might turn out to be something more than aflouiish
of oratory.
Whether this will be the result I know not; but I
would have jientlemen ponder well the precedent
they are now about to establish, lest, when their
own act shall be returned upon their own heads, we
shall be estopped from any just reply, and turned
otei to the last resort of conflicting governments. I
must admit, sir, I have never been a very ardent ad-
mirer cf England. To me her policy exhibits
Ptrong marks of hypocrisy in everything. I am al-
most unwilling to give hei the credit of sincerity in
the abolition movement, in which she is now en-
gaged with so much zeal. I cannot believe that it
springs from the pure unnnngled love of liberty.
There were designs beneath that did not reach the
surface. 1 distrust the humane professions in favor
ol liberty of a government stained alt over with the
blood of slaves—whose coffers were full and running
over with riches wrung from theiaborof the wretch-
ed. Yet, sir, this is the government that now stands
fmth before the world as, par excellence, the friend
of hcedom. She might possibly be honest—no
doubt many of her citizens engaged in this move-
ment were—but, as a nation, her policy was suspi-
cion?, n required to be watched with the stern-
est w^iLuice
Tin House had heard from high authority that
.nutk\:;Hy icqu;red this measure of annexation; that
Mex^o was erased in a predatory warfare
&gd"nt't Tf>n«, accompanied with atrocities which
\vjuM disgrace sa^.^e barbarity. Now, all
tins sounds <a:her Strang*;, after we have hea; d from
the same quauer that there is no war between Tex-
a* tuyf Mexico, that Texas has driven back her in-
va'it-i.3, has beaten down her oppressors, and is now
1'idepeudriit and fj>e, and able to maintain her free-
dom agiinst all who should assail her. if £0, then
how huniumiy require that we should interfere
to rescue her fiom her ra'ldess enemy? Why must
we interpose, when no aid is required, at the risk of
turning me svord fiom her only to plunge it in our
own bo<om? Tin* i > certainly the vei y refinement
ofhuixiutiity. Tne whole argument resolves itself
mi'Hhis: that we must adopt a war in order to ex-
Jrt'd happiness to Texas; tnat we must expend mil-
W,s ot money, and shed the blood of our best citi-
2-vOp, that Ttxos may be severed fiom Mexico and
Jivide a part of :he United States.
^ .^moug die varnaio and multiform propositions
hidt have, hec-n submitted to this House for the an-
nexation of Texas, there is one that requires, from
Us oddity, some little attention, it proposes the re-
annexation of Texas to the Union upon the basis of
the treaty of 1803, by which Louisiana was ceded
to the United States by France. This is simply
proposing to restore a portion of our territory which
it is alleged was unconstitutionally ceded away, and
again to introduce into the sisterhood of States a
long-lost member of the family. It has been urged
that this government is under a civil and moral obli-
gation to receive Texas into the Union, because by
the treaty of 1803 we pledged the faith of the nation
to admit the inhabitants of the province of Louis-
iana as soon as practicable to all the rights and priv-
ileges of American citizens; that Texas having been
once a part of our territory, the government never
had or could have the power to transfer or surren-
der it; that the obligation of the treaty of Louisiana
remained forever unimpaired by any subsequent
transfer, and that the United States, or the authori-
ties thereof, in redemption of pledged faith, weie
bound to reannex Texas. This is the argument.
My time, I find, Mr. Chairman, will not permit
me to discuss this question properly. The first in-
quiry, and the most important in this view of the
subject is, did Texas ever form a part of the terri-
tory of the United States? Did we acquire Texas
by the treaty of 1803, ceding Louisiana to us? if
Texas never belonged to the United States, or was
never included in the cession of Louisiana, then this
favorite argument of the friends of annexation ftdla
to the ground. So pertinaciously have the advo-
cates of annexation insisted upon our title to Texas,
under the treaty of 1803, that it is almost presump-
tuous for me to attempt a denial of the right, or to
disprove it. To me, sir, the question has never been
placed beyond doubt. 1 have never yet been able
to discover the evidence of our title; but. on the
contrary, believe that the whole weight of the ar-
gument and the facts are against us. The histo-
ry of our title is briefly this; By the tieaty of St.
Udefonso, of the 1st of October, 1800, Spain retro-
ceded to France "the colony or province of Louis-
iana, with the same extent that it now has
in the hands of Spam," and France, in 1803, ceded
Louisiana to the United States. The treaty of
1803, after reciting the above description, ceded to
the United States forever, and in full sovereignty,
the said territory, &c. The boundaries of Louis-
iana were unsettled, and what Louisiana was re-
mained to be determined. Texas, at the same time,
was admitted to be a province of Spam, and sepa-
rate from Louisiana; but whether Louisiana em-
braced what is now called Texas, is the question.
That we did claim Texas, and insist upon that
claim most dogmatically, no one can deny. Our
claims were urged with an eloquence worthy of the
distinguished ability of our negotiator. Yet, while
we were claiming Texas as part of Louisiana, Spam
was claiming the same country to the Sabine, and
even to the Mississippi, with a pertinacity equal to
our own. And now, sir, let me refei for a moment
to the grounds of title urged respectively by France
and Spam. And in the examination of these claims,
we must remember that Spain claimed not only
Texas to the Sabine, but claimed Louisiana as a
part of Florida by r.ght of discovery, from 151:2 to
1543. History proves incontestably that Ponce de
Leon, a Spaniard, discovered and took possession
of Florida m 1512; that m 15.18 Hnnando dc Soto
penetrated from thence to the Mississippi, reai the
mouth of the Aikansas, with nearly five hnndtol
men; that Alonzo de Soto, in 1516. passed from that
point to the mouth of the Mississippi, and, with
those under his command, coasted back to Mexico,
discovering the intermediate region (1 exas) in 154:2.
Spam, by virtue of her discovery, took possession
and occupied Texas in 1690, eiccted it into angu-
lar province m 1693, and finally maintained actual
and uninterrupted possession up to the Sabine from
1690 till the breaking out of the Mexican revolu-
tion.
The discovery of Louisiana and Texas by the
Spanish is nearly gne hundred and forty years older
than the French, as will appear by an examination
of the claim of France to those provinces. The
claim of France, like that of Spam, is founded on
discovery and occupation. In 1677, La Salic, a
Fienchman, descended the Mississippi to the Arkan-
sas river; in 1683, in his second expedition, he
passed down the Mississippi to its mouth; and in a
third expedition, sailing from France, he landed i:i
the Bay of Espiritu Santo, or St. Bernardo, and
there built a small for, and occupied it from Februa-
ry, 1686, to January, 1687; he then abandoned it
and was driven off, since which the right of France
rested wholly m claim, against the actual adverse
and uninterrupted possession of Spain up to the
border of Louisiana to the Marmento, near the
Sabine, and east of that river. It thus appears that
the right of Spain to Texas up to the Sabine,
and even beyond it, is superior to the French,
both in right of discovery and occupation.
In confirmation of the claim and title of Spam,
it is found that to this day every city-and town, eveiy
river and vil lage, beyond the Sabine, in Texas, bears a.
Spanish name. These may be considered as the
marks of survey still on the ground. These are evi-
dences of Spanish occupation and ownership that
will endure as long as the sun. Now, sir, it would
be a very remarkable circumstance, if Texas ever
was in the uncontrolled possession of France, that
every feature of the country and of its settlements
should bear Spanish names. If Texas ever be-
longed to France in sovereignty, how came this? IfT
indeed, the same Spanish names are found east of
the Sabine, or in Louisiana proper, this argument
would have little weight. But what is the fact?
While every river, town, and hamlet west of the Sa-
bine bears a Spanish name, every river, city, and
town east of the Sabine bears a French name. At
least such was the fact until within the last twenty
years. Here, then, are monuments and internal
proofs as linn and fixed as nature herself. I ask
the fiiends of reannexation to explain the reason of
this. Sir, it can be explained upon no other basis
than the full and perfect right of Spain to the whole
of the country now and then called Texas.
To say the least, then, our title to Texas was dis-
puted; and yet we are asked, in the face of more
than one treaty, and most coolly, to take from Mex-
ico a province claimed by her, on the very credit-
able plea that we had no right to cedeawayTexas—
a country that we, in facr, never possessed. What
right, then, have the people of Texas to claim ad-
mission into this Union by virtue of the stipulations
of the treaty of 1803—a treaty in which they were
not embraced? And upon what foundation rests the
obligation of this government to receive Texas, if
any does exist? None whatever.
But, admitting that Texas once belonged to this
government, how are gentlemen going to prove that
the treaty of 1803 towers in its authority above all
tieaties made before and since? What became of
the treaty of St. Udefonso in 1800? In that treaty
the same guaranty was given by France to the peo-
ple. In that treaty, too, Spain, while ceding Louisi-
ana to France, expressly retained to herself the pre-
emption right of repurchase, if Franco should ever
sell it. Must the rights of Spain, and the rights of
France, and all other rights, yield to the overwhelm-
ing right to reannex Texas; and that merely because
a majority of a dominant party have chosen to intro-
duce a resolution to bring in Texas, right or wrong,
constitutional or unconstitutional? ''Reannexation I"
"We must reannex Texas 1"
By the treaty of 18.9 we abandoned all the claim
we ever had to Texas. By that treaty the United
Stales ceded to his Catholic Majesty, and re-
nounced forever, all their rights, claims, and
pretensions to that country; while, in exchange,
Spain ceded to the United States in full prop-
eny and sovereignty, East and West Florida.
If we had no right to cede Texas, by what right
do we now hold Floitda? By what right does the
delegate from that Territory hold his seat upon this
floor? Gentlemen seemed with one accord to forget
that Florida was held by that much-abused treaty
ot 1819 In addition to the treaty of 1819, by which
we released our claim to Texas, this government,
by a treaty made m 1828, under the administration of
President Jackson, and ratified in 1832, during the
aamc administration, reconfirmed to Mcxico all that
we had yielded to Spam in 1819. Again, in 1837,
we recognised the independence of Texas, thus de-
claring our total abandonment of all claim to that
country; and in 1841 we marked out by treaty the
boundaries between the United States and Texas,
defining where our possession ended and heis com-
menced. And yet gentlemen, in their hot and im-
patient haste for annexation, while they talked loud-
ly of the sacrednessof treaty obligations when a trea-
ty favored their object, were willing to trample upon
all treaties that opposed their favorite measure of re-
annexation. Sir, 1 never will yield my assent to
such a course. Let the faith of the United States
remain unsullied and unstained. Our treaties with
Mexico have been deliberately made and solemnly
ratified. Let them stand inviolable. Sir, the unsul-
lied honoi of our conntry is of more value than the
acquisition of a continent.
1 will now proceed, sir, and state briefly some of
the reasons of my opposition to the rnfasure under
consideration. I am opposed to assuming the large
and untold debt of Texas. Annexation necessarily
involves us in the payment of all her d-.lts and liar.
