360
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
Feb. 1845.
28th Cong 2d Sess.
Improvement of Rivers and Harbors—Mr. Rayner.
H. of Reps.
for the protection of commerce—this surely pre-
sents a case for its favorable consideration.
But the improvement I propose, and for which I
intend offering an amendment, is not less important
in a naval than a commercial point of view. The
opinions of the most experienced engineers, whose
attention has been directed to this object, concur in
the great importance and vast benefits resulting
from the accomplishment of the proposed work,
not only to the State of North Carolina, but to the
whole Union. In a report made by Gen. Bernard,
Lieut. Col. Gratiot, and Major Totten, board of en-
gineers in the service of the United States, in 1829,
they use the following language:
"We shall merely remark that, if the plan be carried into
successful operation, whether we consider the profits of
commerce, the dangers ol shipwreck, pursuit by an enemy,
or convenience as a point of departure and refreshment for
our own privateers and vessels of war, a harbor will be
formed precisely in that part of the coast where it is most
needed."
Again, in a report made by Capt. Bachc, of the
topographical engineers, on this same subject, the
author says, in reference to the reopening of Roan-
oke Inlet, that—
"It is an object of more extensive usefulness than any
other work of a similar character in our country.'"
These are high authorities, coming from scientific
men, and which are worthy the serious considera-
tion of Congress.
In a report made by Major Gwynn, one of the
most competent engineers in the United States, on a
survey of the waters of Albemarle Sound, with a
view to such an improvement as I propose, dated
May 27, 1840, the author says:
"The opening of Roanoke Inlet is a subject which has
long and anxiously engaged the attention of the authorities
of the State. Jt has been frequently brought before Con-
gress, and I believe no work presents stronger claims to the
patronage of the general government.
"The register of Captain Pew, keeper of the Roanoke
marshes light-house, numbers 1,450 vessels, passing and re-
passing, during the year ending 31st December, 1839, mak-
ing the shipping about 100,000 tons.
"The amount of property and lives lost on the coast im-
mediately adjoining the inlet, for a distance of fifteen miles
on each side ol it, presents a frightful list, and a strong ap-
peal to the protection and humanity of the government
"Between the year 18-24 and the present period, there
have been (as nearly as I could ascertain) 112 vessels
wrecked, which, averaging fifty tons each, would make,
together with the cargoes, a loss not much short of $350,000;
and with these vessels, '224 souls have found a watery
grave.
"This list, feaiful as it is, would be greatly swelled it we
had the means of adding to it a number of vessels wrecked
on the remainder of the adjacent coast and oft Cape Hattp-
ras, m consequence of being compelled, by the closing of
Roanoke inlet, to encounter the haiaid of passing this dan-
gerous promontory.
The appropriation I shall ask for will not be con-
sidered extravagant, when the vast importance of
the work is considered. I shall ask for no more
than can be reasonably expended in the course of
the year. Let it be recollected that North Carolina
obtains but few favors from thegeneral government.
Her share is but scanty, either in the patronage of
its officers or the expenditures of its money. No
State loves the Union more, and no State receives
less of benefits. I now stand here claiming nothing
but justice for her, and I appeal to all to consider
her claims.
I am inclined (said Mr. R.) to doubt the proprie-
ty of heavy appropriations at this time; because, if I
am not greatly mistaken, the foreign relations of the
country are such as to call upon us to preserve our
treasure, and to husband our resources, with a view
to meet the difficulties which I fear are impending
over us. I really fear that not only is the constitu-
tion in danger of a palpable infraction, which is
likely to destroy the hold of the government upon
the affections of the people, but if the Texas and
Oregon questions now pending before the Senate
should pass, I honestly believe that we may at once
put ourselves in readiness to meet the horrors of war.
We may need, and 1 fear shall, every do'lar of the
nation's treasure to pay our soldiers and our sailors
who are to fight our battles. I think it probable
that, before another sun shall rise and set, the ques-
tions of peace or of war—of constitutional restraint
or of unbridled party rage—will be irrevocably de-
cided. I affect no undue reverence for our institu-
tions, when I declare that I shudder m contem-
plating the result. 1 greatly fear the issue will
show that our country, in its rapid ascent to great-
ness and glory, has reached its culminating point,
and that its descent downward in the road to ruin
will be in a corresponding ratio.
We are now (said Mr. R.) in Committee of the
Whole on the state of the Union; and in considering
the state of the Union generally, I propose, in ao
cordance with the course of other gentlemen, to ex-
amine it with reference to our foreign relations.
And I do this the more especially, because, when I
addressed the House a few days since, I was pre-
vented, by the expiration of my hour, from, deliver-
ing my views at length on the question of Texas
annexation and other kindred topics. In the re-
marks which I then made, it will be recollccted that
I confined myself principally to the constitutional
view of the question. 1 did not choose to entertain
the question of expediency. I did not then, as I do
not now, consider it necessary to entertain the ques-
tion of expediency, till that of power has first been
decided. It matters not whether the glowing des-
criptions we have had of Texas be fanciful or real.
Admit all that the most earnest advocates of Texas
annexation, as proposed by the action of Congress,
insist on, to be true; admit that it is a land of genial
sunshine and perennial flowers; admit that it teems
with alt the rich and abundant products of a bounti-
ful nature; admit that it is prolific of all the resources
of commerce, and of national prosperity and glory;
yet what are all these in value compared with the
constitution of our country? Arguments like these
are addressed to our national cupidity and pride, and
to the selfishness of our nature, rather than to our
fealty to the constitution and our conscientious con-
victions of duty. They are the arguments with
which Ahab reconciled to himself the seizing of Na-
both's vineyard. They are the arguments which
the Gothic chieftains addressed to their followers,
when leaving their fore3t-homes for the pillage of
Italy's sunny plains.
JVlr. R. said that, in further examination of the.
question of power to annex Texas by action of Con-"
gress, he would proceed to notice one or two other
aiguments which had been urged in its favor. It
had been frequently insisted on during the debate,
that by the terms of the treaty of 1803 this govern-
ment was bound to admit Texas into the Union.
This argument was earnestly and forcioly urged by
the gentleman from Illinois, [Mr. Douglass.] The
clause of the treaty under which the pretence is set
up is as follows:
"The inhabitants of the coded territory shall be incor-
porated into the Union of the United States, and admitted as
soon as possible, according to the principles of the federal
constitution, to the enjoyment of <j!1 the lights, advantages,
and immunities of citizens of the United States- and, in the
mean t.me, shall be protected in the free enjoyment of their
liberty, propeity, and the religion which they profess."
Now, to what "inhabitants'1 does this apply? Of
course to those who then inhabited the country—to the
people of Louisiana; and, so far as they were con-
cerned, the terms of the treaty have been strictly
complied with. There were no inhabitants, either
French or American,then in Texas proper,who could
have rights vested under the tieaty. Texas was
then, for the most part, a wilderness. The parties to
the treaty were France and the United States; and
France has not complained of our non-fulfilment of
the treaty. And as to the Spaniards then in Texas,
instead of urging rights under the treaty, they chose
to prefer the Spanish and Mexican dominion. Or,
if the terms of the treaty did enure to those who
might afterwards become inhabitants of the territo-
ry, still the inhabitants of Texas proper submitted
to the treaty of cession to Spain in 1819, passed
quietly under the Spanish dominion, took the oath
of allegiance to the Spanish government, and there-
by disfranchised themselves of all claim unon the
government of the United States. They thereby re-
cognised and submitted to the claims of Spain under
the treaty. And those who emigrated to Texas
after the treaty of 1810 went to Texas as a Spanish
or Mexican province; expatriated themselves in so
doing, and went there to take advantage of the ben-
efits proffered to American emigiants by the Spanish
and Mexican authorities. How, then, can the peo-
ple of Texas set up a claim under the treaty
of 1803, when it is a notorious fact thai they
went to Texas expressly for the purpose of
availing themselves of benefits which Spain and
Mexico acquired the power of confering under
the treaty of 1819? Why, then, is the
treaty of 1803 so often alluded to? It will not be
dtuied that this government has the power, in ad-
justing a question of boundary, to transfer a portion
of us territory. We have had alate instance of that
in the Ashburton treaty. The gentleman from Illi-
i ois admitted this. He admitted we had lost our
claim and forfeited our right to that country. But
yet, he said, a breach of faith on our part could not
absolve us from the moral or legal obligation to fulfil
our solemn treaty stipulations, when required to do
so by the other party. A breach of faith! And to
what "other party?" France was the other party.
So far as she stipulated for terms to her citizens
they have been complied with, and France has
never complained. As to Texas, there were no peo-
ple there to become parties in 1803; and, as we have
already shown, those who went there afterwards
went to receive benefits under the treaty of 1819,
which ceded Texas to Spain. Strange argument,
truly! Gentlemen justify Texas for revolution—and
with propriety, too—because the rights and privi-
leges of the Mexican confederacy, to which they be-
came entitled under the treaty of 1819, were violated
by Santa Anna, and, at the same time, claim for her
the power to waive those rights and privileges under
the.treaty of 1803. It was as a part of Mexico, as
owing allegiance to Mexico, as resisting her lawless
and unconstitutional usurpation, that the revolution
of Texas was effected, and its independence estab-
lished. In this consists all the glory and patriotic
associations of the Texian revolution; and it is a re-
flection on the people of Texas themselves—it is
countenancing all the charges of robbery, and plun-
der, and speculation, so often charged against them—
to intimate that they effected their revolution as
quasi American citizens, with hopes, prospects,
claims, and vested rights in the benefits of our
Union. I choose rather to think that they were sat-
isfied with, and fully recognised the authority of the
Mexican constitution of 1824; that they were not
stimulated with the hope or expectation of becom-
ing a member of this Union, but that, from pure in-
stinctive love of constitutional freedom, they took up
arms.
Another serious difficulty to which this question is
likely to give rise, is one growing out of the public
i debt of Texas. I am not speaking of its assumption
on our part by any express stipulation to be pro-
vided for in the contract of union, but of the rela-
tion in which it is likely to place us toward our for-
eign creditors. As an act of national suicide is an
anomaly in the history of international law, yet it
may well be questioned whether, by the acquisition
of the territory and jurisdiction over Texas, we do
not virtually assume her debts in securing to our-
selves the means on which rests her ability to pay
them. If this presents a case for which there is no
precedent in national law, what is likely to be - the
concurrent opinion of the powers of the civilized
world? If national law does not bind us, will not
the appeals to our national justice be irresistible?
Will the civilized world hold us blameless if we
convert to our own use the resources and the means
of Texas, and yet refuse to discharge her liabilities?
Yattel says, speaking of the rights flowing from con-
quests: "The debts of a nation, or those for which
the sovereign power has mortgaged some of his
towns or provinces, aFe not expunged by the con-
quest. The King of Prussia, on acquiring Silesia
by conquest and by the treaty of Breslau, took upon
himself the debts for which that province was en-
gaged to the English merchants." But if the anni-
hilation of her sovereignty by Texas, growing out
of her voluntary surrender to this government, pre-
sents a case for which there is no precedent to bind
this government for her debts, yet, what must be
ourawkard position, in case the lawful usages of
nations are resorted to, in order to enforce payment
from Texas? According to the national law, any
debtor government m default subjects itself to repri-
sals and war on the part of t; at government which
is, or whose citizens are, the creditor. Under this
known responsibility, Texas incurred her debt.
With this known final resort for payment, the pai-
ties lending became her creditors. Now, suppose a
laige portion of the debt of Texas to be due to citi-
zens of Holland, France, or England, as I learn it
is. Texas borrowed the money as a sovereign pow-
er, undei a full knowledge of the responsibilities in-
curred by it; can &he, by enteiing our Union, dis-
charge herself from the liability of reprisal and
war in case of non-payment? Could either one
of those powers be expected to relinquish thi<s
right of coercion because the sovereign pow-
er contracting no longer existed? And sup-
pose either of them should lesort to this ultima ratio
of national disagreement: what would be the attitude
of the government of the United States? Texas
would then be a portion of this Union. In our re-
lations to, and differences with, foreign nations, we
occupy the position of a consolidated people. Wecan
know no sectional responsibilities which do not ap-
pertain to the whole. War upon Texas would be war
upon the American Union, which national pride and
national honor would compel us to repel by force.
And thus we should be reduced to the humiliating
