Feb. 1845.
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
361
28th Cong 2d Sess
Improvement of Harbors and Rivers—Mr. Rayner.
H. of Reps
alternative of either suffering a portion of our coun-
try to be overrun and pillaged by a foreign power,
regardless of the obligation of the government to
protect it, or of waging a war in opposition to a
claim established and sanctioned by the laws of the
civilized world.
It may perhaps be said that (his argument would
apply to the indebted Suites of this Union who re-
fuse to pay their foreign creditors. jNTot at all. As
I have intimated before, in our national relations and
responsibilities weaie a united people. In order to
subject ourselves to the ordeal of liability to war,
the government of the Union must have its faith in-
volved. Other nations, and the people of other
nations, can know us and deal with us, on our na-
tional lesponsibihty under the laws of nations, only
as a consolidated government. The foreign credi-
tors, of the States knew, or should have considered
this, when investing on the faith of the States. In
contacting their debts, by the Slates, the federal
government had no agency or even knowledge.
The loans of foreign citi^eno to the States must,
thtrefoie, rest purely on corporate faith, without in-
volving the responsibility recognised by the laws of
nations for their ultimate payment; because under
our institutions there can be no relations, under the
national law, between one of the States of this Union
and a foreign government. Not so with the debts
ofTexas. She incurred her debt in her national
character and under her national responsibility. She
cannot, by an act of political suicide, shake oft" that
responsibility. It will adhere to her people, who
have enjoyed the advantages of the money borrow-
ed, and to her territory, from (whose resources must
be derived the means of payment.
Now, Sir, is not this question of war one which
desenes our most stious eorsideration? We not
only hazard the probability of a \v;t with Mexico,
but the liability of war with other powers, growing
out of the question of the debt ofTexas. As to a
war with Mexico, I do not pretend that it should
follow; for, us I have already said, I do not think
that Mexico has any right to interfere or to com-
plain as to how Texas shall dispose of herself, her
rightful territory, and resources. Texas is an inde-
pendent power, a sovereign State, so recognised by
the -commercial nations of the woild, and Mexican
pride and obstinacy cannot unsettle relations which
rest upon the decision of the enlightened mind of the
civilized world. But, e\en if war with Mexico
ought not to follow, the probability, the almost cer-
tainty, is, that it will follow. And, although I have
no fears that this war would be any thing more
than one of commercial privateering, yet, in such a
war, the risk would all be on our side. Our commerce
i«s one of the great sources of our national wealth
and national glory; it is carrying our name, our flag,
our religion, and our love of liberty, into every por-
tion of the globe. The Gulf of Mexico and the
West Indian Archipclago aie whitened with its can-
vass, and are the great theatres of its traffic. Whilst
Mexico has but lit le commerce to attack, ours
would be the cooMant prey of privateeis, who
would cover the ocean under the Mexican flag.
The restless and turbulent adventurers, whose num-
ber have been so much augmented by the long
peace since 1^15 throughout Christendom, would
heie find employment. Our naval establishment
would require augmenting to a vast extent, involv-
ing the expenditure of millions of treasure. I do
not [nvt'.nd to s„y [hat iht.se consideiatiocis should
retrain us from d.vng that wluUi national duty
nupos's aud rational honor demands. When
these aie involved, every patriot should be rea-
dy to sacrifice both blood and treasure in their
support. But I do jnsi.-.t that these ate con-
siderations which should cause us to pause and
consider, to abate the hut haste which is manifested
on this subject. Anhough national faith may not re-
quire it, as I believe it does not, yet I do insist that
i- is the part of prudence, of geneiositv fiom a strong
to a weak power, that negotiations with Mexico, at
least m regard to boundary, should progress pari
po&su with the negotiations with Texas in regard to
cession. We can lo-e nofhmsr of honor with Mexi-
co, even in peisuading, ay, in paym^ her for her
consent. An 1, in n-gaid to expense, i? would co?f
t's much le^ ilro! a war, bloodless though it might
he on la.id, which wt-uld inevitably follow, without
obtaining hci concur* en< e. So that, whilst in point
ot hoian we could not be the loser, in point of ex-
pense we a Li'up d be p*atiy the gainer.
. Mr. Chai rinan, the pnhcy of the a°'e in which we
live, in all civilized countries, is to adjust na-
tional diffeiertces and difficulties by peaceful nego-
tiation. The spirit of the age is opposed to the ar-
bitrament of the sword. The twenty-live yeais'
war subsequent to the French revolution, which del-
uged the fields of Europe in blood, has taught this
piece of wisdom to the world. Martial glory and
conquest no longer furnish the stimulus to human
ambition and adventure. • They have been sup-
planted by the means of thrift, luxury, the arts of
peace, the pursuits of science, and the physical im-
provement of the material world. And no people
on the globe are so deeply interested in the contin-
uation of this policy as ouruelves. Separated by a
vast occan from all the great powers of Christendom,
we have neither the inducements nor opportunities
of acquiring glory in arms. With a countiy of al-
most illimitable extent, combining all the sources of
wealth and comfort, furnishing the productions of
almost every clime; with rivers, and mountains, and
lakes, and prairies, whose very grandeur is calcu-
lated to enlarge and sublimate our moral percep-
tions; with a mighty ocean laving our shores, and
inviting our commerce to distant climes; with insti-
tutions guarantying to us as much liberty as man
can safely enjoy; with all the arts of peace, and the
blessings of science, education, and religion, to hal-
low our native homes;—with all these advantages,
which flourish most in peace, it is our interesi, as
humanity should make it our wish, to avoid war,
unless demanded by national honor.
No one has pored over the pages of history, re-
counting the achievements of military prowess, with
more avidity than I have. No youthful heart was ever
fired with more ardor than mine, in perusing the ex-
ploits of military greatness. Under the untempered
influence of youthful dreams, it was the feeling of
my eaily life to look upon military achievements as
the only road to gloiy. But this, like many other
youthful visions, has faded befoie the realities of
time. Reflection has taught me to believe that the
horrors and agonies of mere war are not calculated
to elevate the moral sensibilities of our nature, or to
advance the moral and social condition of a nation.
Bravery and generosity are,to be sure, qualities which
must ever command admiration, but the exploits
of that soldier only deserve the homage of praise
and sympathy who draws his sword in a righteous
cause, and in defence of a wronged country. 1 have
been surprised, as well as pained, to witness the ap-
parent anxiety for war which is freqently exhibited
here. If the subject did not involve consequences
so serious, it would be truly amusing to listen to the
magnificent flourishes and high-sounding phrases
with which some gentlemen speak of their readiness
for war, of our ability to cope with all the powers of
the world, and of the glory and triumph which await
us in case of a conflict. This has ever been the lan-
guage of poetry. It is a much more easy matter to
plan campaigns on paper than to undergo the toil
and hardship of camps—to fight battles in pompous
declamation than on the tented field, surrounded by
the dying and the dead. Horace could wnte soul-
stirring verges upon the glory of war and valor m
arms; but, when brought to witness the reality, he
fled mgloriously, leaving his shield behind him.
Unfortunately for mankind, the duty of waging and
conducting war rarely fails to the lol of thove whose
passions and indiscretion plunge nations into it.
Rashness and foliy may easily plunge a nation into
difficulty, whilst patriotism and \alor can alone con-
front that danger. Timidity may suggest, and even
impose on others,labors from which it would shrink
in horror. The Cumbrian assassin, who threw
down his daggei and tied m affright at beholding the
calm and noble countenance of Marius, would no
doubt have consigned the mighty Roman to death
without a pang of emotion had he held a seat in the
Senate house, and it had depended on his vote.
Notwithstanding the declarations of the English
Foreign Secretary, Lord Aberdeen to the contrary,
the ground has been assumed, and pertinaciously
insisted on, that England has designs upon Texas,
and that annexation is necessary, as a prec/munnary
measure, to anticipate her intentions; and I am sorry
to discover that lurking hostility to England, and a
desire to precipitate a difficulty with that power,
pervading the tone o' debate, and, as 1 feai, consti-
tuting a leading motive in this Texas crusade, and
its kindred measure, the occupation of Oregon. I
hope I may be spared the humiliation of witnessing
the disasters which await my country, sn case reck-
less counsels should plunge us into a war with Eng-
land in our present unprepared condition. Gentle-
men talk of our ability to contend with her, and of
our means of inflicting irreparable injury on her;
and the gentleman from Illinois [Mr. Wsntwortk]
has more than once, I think, alluded to the Ameri-
can eagle driving the British lion off the continent.
The greatest captain that ever led an army once de-
clared that he would "plant his eagles on the ram-
parts of Lisbon, and drive the English lion into the
ocean." But that English lion still kept his head to
the northeast, and never stopped his pace until he
had climbed the steppes of the Pyrenees, and driven
the French eagles from their mountain eyries. And
similar, I fear, would be the realization of the vaunt-
ing predictions so rife on this floor, in case we
should be hurried into a war m our present unpre-
pared state. Let me not be misunderstood. Iam
not underrating my country's powers and strength.
So far from n, 1 think too much of its honor, its
glory, and its greatness, to endanger either, by pre-
cipit.tely exposing it to hazaid through want of
preparation. Tram the American soldier, and he is
inferior to none on earth. The same Anglo-Saxon
endurance which constitutes the excellence of the
British soldier enables the American to encoun-
ter him with equal chances. Put our country
in preparation, and it can, as I believe, defy
the world. But it is idle to think of raw recruits
contending with veterans. It is absurd to sup-
pose that a few ships of the line can compete with
fleets that cover the ocean. Time must arouse the
phc mind to a sense of danger, the national spirit of
our people must be fully awakened, before our
powers can be exerted, and its capability for mighty
eiforts realized. Gentlemen had better calculate the
strength of England before they provoke a contro-
versy with that mighty power, on account of some
imaginary interference by her m Texas, which she
has repeatedly disclaimed, before they assume ex-
clusive jurisdiction over Oregon, which we hold in
joint occupancy with KngJand under the solemn stip-
ulations of a 'treaty. Let them reflect upon the
honors and disasters of war Lefore they plunge us
into its vortex. Let them reflect how many widow-
ed hearts it would cause to bleed, how many suffer-
ing orphans it would make cry for bread. Let them
consider how may acres it would leave untilled,
how many sails of commerce it would furl, the
cheerful blaze of how many hearths it would ex-
tinguish. And let those who boast of their dem-
ocratic tendencies reflect that it is not the tenants of
place and power, it is not the wealthy and the lux-
urious, it is not the politician and the statesman, but
it is the poor man who must meet the brunt and toil
of war. War takes the poor man from his wife
and children when they most need his protection,
and imposes additional expense upon the govern-
ment when the icsources of the country are least
able, to bear it. And yet gentlemen talk as flippant-
ly of war as though the lamentations of bereaved
hearts and the cries of hungry orphans were nothing
more than the croaking of frogs—as though the
sacrifice of human life was nothing more than the
slaughter of the shambles—as though the expend-
iture of millions of treasure concerned the tax-
collector alone.
But we have been told again and again that we
should extend the "areaof freedom,1' that we should
aid in giving full scope and progress to our free in-
stitutions, and that a common kindred, a common
language, and n common religion should open our
hearts to sympathy for the sufferings of Texas, and
induce us to welcome her to our brotherhood. This
idea was dwelt on forcibly and eloquently by the
gt ntlernan from Indiana, [Mr. Ownx.] The feeling
on which this argument is bated it ay be right, but
the reasoning' is erroneous. Texas is already inde-
pendent, tind in the enjoyment of free and republi-
can institutions. I a{<iee with the gentleman from
Pennsylvania [Mr. C. J. I:\'C*f..Rsoli.] that her con-
<tu on is as guod as ours was between 1783 and
l'/VJ No one has sympathized more warmly
with Texas m her struggle for freedom than I have.
No one has more admired her stern resistance to
oppression, and her bravery and endurance m the
hour of trial. I never have sanctioned tne denun-
ciations against the people of Texas, that they were
a band of plunderers anu outlaws, and that her revo-
lution was ihe consummation of a plot instituted by
duerultfois and jobbers. 1 believe her people to be
as vntuous and'as intelligent as those of any newly-
settled and frontier country, and that her revolution
«rew out of their Anglo-Saxon love, of liberty, and
wa* forced upon them by Mexican despotism. I
believe them capable of sustaining their independ-
ence, and shall hail with pleasure their growth to
greatness and power. It needs not our aid to extend
over their territory the "area of freedom." Moral
causes are in operation which will ultimately extend
