362
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
Feb. 1845.
28th Cong 2d Sess.
Improvement of Harbors and Rivers—Mr. Rayner.
H. of Eeps.
that area, as I believe, from Hudson's bay to Cape
Horn. But this must be the work of time, and not
in obedience to human law, but one of the laws of
nature's God impressed upon the human mind.
The march of Anglo-Saxon improvement and
Anglo-Saxon institutions must and will sweep on,
not by the agency of this government, but in despite
of it even. The principles of'freedom, to be sure
and permanent in their establishment, must depend
on moral causes, which are slow and progressive in
their operation. To attempt to hurry their growth
by untimely legislation, is like feeding an infant on
the coarsest elements of food. History has taught
us a lesson on this subject which is written in
characters of blood. The French revolution lost its
moral influence, and excited the horror of surround-
ing nations, as much by its propagandism as by its
merciless butchery. Many who first hailed it as the
harbinger of European freedom, turned from it in
alarm when they discovered that its tendency was
to disseminate its doctrines by the strong arm of
power, and to convert every other nation into one
vast Jacobin club.
The farewell address of the father of his country
teems with admonition on this subject. One of the
principal features of that document is, that we
should confine ourselves to our own domestic con-
cerns, and not interfere with the affairs of other
States; that our efforts should be directed to the
maintenance and preservation of our own institu-
tions, instead of attempting to force them on other
countries which time had not prepared for their re-
ception. We shall lose our moral influence as a
nation, excite the enmity and suspicion of the chris-
tian world, and thus, in fact, injure the cause of
freedom, when we deliberately avow it as one of the
leading objects of our policy to disseminate the
principles of our system over other countries. Let
us leave this to the more sure and lasting work of
time
Unfortunately for the peace and harmony of the
Union, this subject of Texas annexation has become
identified with that of domestic slavery, both in its?
organization and the progress of its discussion. If
ever there was a question which should have ap-
pealed to the sober judgment of the patriot and the
statesman, which should have been considered upon
high national considerations, far from all sectional
and party bias, this surely was one. But the day
for calm deliberation and disinterested action seems
to have passed away. I know not which to consid-
er most reprehensible, northern gentlemen who op-
pose, or southern gentlemen who advocate, the an-
nexation of Texas on the avowedly leading consid-
eration of slavery. Experience should have taught
both that the introduction of this exciting subject
must prove fatal to anything like calm and dispas-
sionate deliberation. The ground which \ have al-
ways maintained, and which I consider the only
safe position for the South on this question is, that
slavery is exclusively a domestic question, of which
each State is to judge foi itself, and that Congress
can in nowise interfere with it constitutionally,
either to check or to foster its advancement. Much
as 1 have been compelled to censure the course of
some of my northern friends, yet justice and tiulh
force me to admit that the blame of this lies at the
door of those who negotiated the late treaty. The
late Secretary of State, Mr. Upshur, and the present
Secretary of State, Mr. Calhoun, instead of putting
this question upon the high and patriotic grounds of
national interest, uiged it mainly upon the ground
of the protection it would afford to the institution of
slavery. The measure had its origin in the fanciful
surmise** of an anonymous letter-writer in London,
that the British government was intriguing for the
abolishment of slavery in Texas; and this is made the
leading point of the argument m a grave State paper
emanating from the Secretary of State! And Mr. Cal-
houn, still persisting, in the face of the repeated dis-
claimers of the English minister, writes a long letter, as
exponent of the views of this government, endeavor-
ing to prove that slavery is a great moral as well as
political blessing. Deplorable humiliation of our
diplomatic character in the eyes of the world! Every
man of enlarged views must admit that Texas should
not be annexed except upon high national consider-
ations, appealing to the patriotism ofall sections and
to all interests. If so, why not have rested it upon
such grounds? Why appeal to a sectional interest,
and that, too, the weaker, when so doing must inevi-
tably have aroused the opposition of another and
stronger sectional interest? Let any man examine
the correspondence of Messrs. Upshur and Calhoun
pn this question, and he cannot faii to see that pro-
tection and encouragement to the institution of sla-
very constitute the main point of the argument
throughout. Although other interests are alluded
to, yet they are introduced as make-weights, subor-
dinate and secondary to the main question. The
views maintaired by these ultraists would take
from us of the South the impregnable position which
we have heretofore maintained on this question.
Our argument has ever been, that with slavery as
an institution neither Congress nor the people of the
North can constitutionally interfere. If we admit
that this general government can interpose to ex-
tend slavery as a blessing, we must also admit that
it can interfere to arrest it as an evil. If the people
of the North can be called on to extend the area of
slavery, as a precautionary measure for the protec-
tion of southern interests, may not the people of the
South be called on to extend the area of non-slave-
ry, as a precautionary measure for the protection of
northern interests? I do not choose to yield this
our strong ground. We ask no favors, no protec-
tion, no encouragement for our institutions, except
those which we claim under the solemn guaranties
of the constitution.
I am known to be one of the most unyielding ad-
vocates of southern interests on this question. I
have been frequently called violent and impractica-
ble. I have ever voted against the reception of
abolition petitions—because I believed the obliga-
tion to receive petitions rests upon a sound discre-
tion of the power petirioned; and because, in the ex-
ercise of that discretion, I did not choose to entertain
a petition asking for what was not a redress of a
grievance to the party petitioning, and which I had
no constitutional power to grant. And whilst I
deny to the people of the North the right to disturb
slavery where it exists, I will not call upon them
for aid, avowedly for the purpose of extending and
protecting it in a foreign land. Whilst I would
hang an abolitionist, without the forms of trial, for
disseminating his hellish doctimes, I would spurn
all aid from him, exceptthat which I had a right to
demand in virtue of constitutional obligation.
The friends of Texas annexation have no one to
blame but its authors and originators for its being
identified with the vexed question of slavery.
Messrs. Upshur and Calhoun chose to make this
the turning point of the issue. And if it had been
the especial object and design of those two gentle-
men to forever prevent the peaceable annexation of
Texas, to arouse against it all the angry feelings of
fanaticism, and to destroy this union in the conflict,
it seems to me they could not have taken a course
better calculated to answer their purpose. 'And let
the South know it, let the country know it, let it be
known throughout all time, that if Texas annexation
is defeated, owing to its being identified with the
question of slavery, the blame must attach to Messrs.
Upshur and Calhoun.
This whole question of Texas annexation comes
before us so strongly tinctured with the taint of
original sin, as to enlist my feelings as well as my
judgment in its condemnation. What was the con-
dition of the country at the time of its iuception*
Moral causes were gradually at work, which, in pro-
cess of time, would probably have resulted in the
peaceable annexation of Texas by the common con-
sent of all. Two great and powerful pat ties m the
country, numbering millions m their ranks, honest-
ly differing in their views as to the policy of this
government, weie marshalled under their respective
flags, on which were inscribed the great vital and
enduring principles involved in the issue. They
were about to appeal to that great arbiter of free in-
stitutions, the ballot-box; and the nation was await-
ing the result with a most breathless and absorbing
anxiety. It was admitted by all that upon the issue
of the contest hung the political destiny of the na-
tion for years and years to come. Just at this peri-
od a traitor, whose name had become a byword and
a reproach to the honest and consistent of all par-
ties—who, with base ingratitude, had betrayed the
confiding friends who had elevated him to power—
who, serpent-like, had stung the bosom that had
warmed him into life—who, with a craven servility,
had fawned himself into favor with those who had
traduced him as unfit for his place, and whose name
will go down to posterity damned to everlasting in-
famy as the most arch-hypocrite of the as:e,—held
by accident the reins of power. Impotent for good,
but powerful for mischief, he threw a new and dis-
turbing element into the contest. Appealing to the
timid and the selfish of both parties, he hoped to
draw off enough seceders from the ranks of each to
make war, Ishmael-UKe, upon both. Unable to
draw off any except a few camp-followers, he yet
succeeded by stealth, in spiking the guns of one par-
ty, who were compelled, in turn, to borrow his artil-
lery to carry on the contest, on condition, as I fear
it will turn out, that he should be allowed, in case
of victory, to share in the plunder. Although we
were beaten in that contest at last, yet 1 deny
that it was that borrowed artillery that effected
our defeat. It was the hosts of marauders, and
foreign bandits, and mercenaries, that came up, like
Blucher at Waterloo, to snatch from us the victory,
when just within our grasp. Our forces are fast recov-
ering from that defeat. We are again preparing to
renew the contest; and shall we, as men contending
for empire, as patriots, actuated by the high impulse
of love for our country, suffer our councils to be
distracted and our energies to be paralyzed by this
disturbing element of confusion? There are great
questions of domestic policy, affecting our country's
interests, which demand our consideration, before
we enter on a wild crusade for foreign territory.
The want of a national currency for general use,
and of an agent to keep safely and disburse the pub-
lic money, as sanctioned by our fathers, demands
our efforts. The disposition of the public lands, for
the great purposes of intellectual and physical im-
provement, in pursuance of the conditions of their
surrender from the old States, calls for energies.
Protection and encouragement to all the great
branches of American inHustry; the curtailment of
the executive veto within the scope of the spirit of
our republican institutions; resistance to the ruth-
less spirit of proscription for opinion; an honest and
economical administration of the government; undy-
ing hostility to the agrarian and jacobinical doctrines
of the democracy of the day; and, above all, the
great principle which lies at the foundation of whig
policy, the elevation of intellect and virtue in the .
political and social scale—these require our immedi-
ate attention and constant vigilance. Let us first
reform domestic abuses, and settle domestic contro-
versies, before we attempt to enlarge our dominion.
Let us not attempt new plans of conquest when the
citadel of our strength is guarded by sentinels in
whom we have no confidence. Let us purify our
own altars. Let us expel "false doctrine, heresy,
and schism" from the bosom of our church, be*
fore we attempt to disseminate its creed in distant
lands. Let us not even seem to give countenance to
the traitor, who has been the adder in our path when
on our march to victory and glory; who has blasted
the hopes and blighted the. fond prospects of thous-
ands and millions; whose
"Treason, like a deadly blight,
Came o'er the councils of the brave,
1 o check them m their hour of might"
It would have been most gratifying to me if the
\vhig3 of this House could have presented a united
and unbroken phalanx on this question. "We stood
side by side on it during the past year, from Maine
to Louisiana—cheering and animating each other
by our common invocations of the constitution
which we received from our fathers' hands. Shall
we now retne in despair from the theatre of our
glory, after having borne without a murmur the
brunt and heat of the battle' Shall we become faint
by the way, and letrace nur steps, after such a
perilous and fatiguing march5 We stood by our
great leader m the day of hope; shall we now dis-
regard his admonitions in this his hour of gloom?
We heeded his warning voice when he cheered lis
on to the conflict; shall we so soon forget it, because
we have once lost the day' We met the enemy at
every point when hope n rved our arms; shall we
recede from one because disappointment has tempo-
rarily marred our prospects? When I recollect the
scenes which we all so often witnessed during the
last summer and autumn—when the enthusiastic
and patriotic whigs came pouung in by thousands
from mountain and valley,"and forest and field, all
swelling the chorus of joy and gladness, of con-
gratulation and hope'—plighting their faith to each
other to die by the constitution and the laws, and
the fair daughters of the land animating them by
their presence and their smiles; when I think of
this, and then see any one of that noble band, I will
not say faltering, but temporizing, on a question
which they would not then allow to frighten them
from their propriety, I confess I am startled with
astonishment, and can only account for it as one of
those mysterious arcana of the human heart which
human ingenuity cannot unriddle. Sir, it. is too
bad ! By the united action of the whigs, we could
have preserved the constitution and the integrity of
the Union inviolate. Defeat is bad epough; bat its
