364
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
Feb. 1845.
28th Cong.... 2d Se&s.
Post Office Bill—Mr. Simmons.
Senate.
to retain, 1 apprehend very few readers north of
Mason and Dixon's line will understand without
explanation. Indeed, I am led to belive that few
northern members on this floor are able to explain
it to their constituents. This property embraces
the wives and children of many of the Seminole
chiefs and warriors. And when gentlemen recollect
that we are now appropriating the money of our
constituents in order to defray the expense of a
treaty which secures to these people their families,
they will see that my remarks are strictly relevant
to the subject before us. But I apprehend that gen-
tlemen will desire to know how any other people
should claim their wives and children of the Sem-
inoles? I answer, by the act of this government.
In order to explain this matter fully, it will be neces-
sary that I should relate some historical facts con-
nected with it, and to which once I called the atten-
tion of Congress some four years since, while
speaking upon the Florida war. Yet as this present
expenditure arises from the same remote cause that
gave rise to the Florida war, and as there are many
members present who, I think, have never turned
their attention to those facts, I will beg leave so far
to trespass upon the time of the House as to repeat
some of the circumstances.
During the revolutionary war, and subsequently,
many slaves residing in Georgia left their masters
and fled to the Indian country, and took up their
residence with the Seminole Indians, who had once
belonged to the Creek nation, but left the country
of the Creeks, and went into the peninsula of Flor-
ida, and formed a separate land. These slaves inter-
married with the Seminoles, and became a part of
their people.
In 1802, an act of Cangress was passed regulating
intercourse with the Indians, which provided that
indemnity for all injuries committed by the Indians
upon their white neighbors should be retained out
of the annuities granted to them. Under this law
full and ample indemnity was annually made to the
people of Georgia for all damages which they sus-
tained by reason of Indian depredations.
In 1821, the treaty of "Indian Springs" was en-
tered into between the United States and the Creek
Indians. The negotiation was conducted on the part
of the United States by two citizens of Georgia;
and, by its extraordinary provisions, laid the founda-
tion of a tiain of difficulties and evils which yet
continue, the settlement of which I understand
to have been the object of the late treaty west of the j
Mississippi. j
By the terms of that compact, the Creek Indians
ceded to the United States a large tract of country,
for which we agreed to pay an equivalent in money,
annuities, &c. Of the money thus agreed to be
paid—two hundred and fifty thousand dollars was
to be retained by the United States as an indemni-
ty to the people of Georgia for' property taken from
them by the Indians prior to the passage of the law
of 1802. The value of the property was to be ascer-
tained by commissioners, to be appointed by the
President, and the amount thus ascertained was to
be paid to the owners of such property out of the
money thus m the hands of government. The com-
missioners were appointed, and nearly the whole
amount of indemnity claimed was for negroes, who,
forty, or perhaps fifty years previously had left their
masters, as I have already stated, and were then
living with the Seminoles. The fact that the ne-
groes had left their masters was regarded by the
commissioners as full proof that the Indians had
taken them. Indeed, Mr. Wirt, Attorney Genera!,
who was subsequently appointed to make report
upon this subjeet, states thai the commissioners, on
leceiving proof that a negro had left, his mas'er, pre-
sumed that the Indians had taken him, although he
had really i^oiie to Canada or to Cuba. The same
gentleman, m his report, further states that the sum
allowed far each slave was at least tvvo or three
times 3ns leal value. After thus ascertaining" all the
slaves that could thus be shown to have left their
masters, and estimating the price at two or three
times their real value, the whole amount of
claims thus swelled to their utmost extent reached
only one hundred and one thousand dollars, leaving
in the hands of this government, in trust for the
Creek Indians, one hundred and forty-nine thous-
and dollars. We had received of those Indians
the lands for which this money was to have
been paid them. They had consented that we
should hold it until the property, which they
had taken from the people of Georgia, was paid for.
Our commissioners not only paid for all property,
but for all negroes out of this fund; and that, too,
at two or three times their real value; and every
principle of honesty and humanity demanded that
the balance should be paid to the Indians. It was
as really their money as was that which they had
received at the signing of the treaty. For us, there-
fore, to pay this money over to those slaveholders
was as great a violation of honor and of honesty as
it would have been to rob the Indians of any other
property, and deliver it to any other slaveholders.
But this whole transaction admirably illustrates the
consistency of those who claim that slavery is a
State institution with which this government has
no constitutional power to interfere in any way.
We had thus far interfered in favor of slavery,
and they then demanded that we should go farther
and pay to them the remaining one hundred and
forty-nine thousand dollars, which had been left
after paying all possible claims against the Indians.
Their petitions were sent to this House, referred to
a select committee, and a distinguished member from
Georgia was placed at its head. He made an elabo-
rate report to the House, which may be found among
the reports of committees for that session, and I
would commend it to gentlemen as well worthy of
their attention. It is a moral curiosity. Byjreading
it, you will see that the committee was anxious to
give the money to the slaveholders; but to find a
reason for doing so was a matter which appeav -i
to set their imaginations at defiance. The most fer-
tile intellect appeared incapable of finding any pre-
tence for robbing the Indians of this money and
giving it to the slaveholders. But at length an ex-
periment was hit upon. Many of the fugitive
slaves were /emales; and, in the perfectly natural
course of events, would have borne children had
they remained with their masters. This circum-
stance rendered them valuable it is true, and the
owners had received that value two or three times
told. But the committee appeared to think the
commissioners entirely incapable of determining the
true value of female slaves, and they accordingly
reported in favor of paying this money to the mas-
ters as a compensation for the offspring which they
would have borne had they remained in bondage.
The number of these unborn children, 1 believe,
was not definitely ascertained by the committee, nor
was the precise value per head" of these children,
who were never conceived, determined; but the com-
mittee very gravely fixed their aggregate worth at
exactly one hundied and forty-nine thousand dol-
lars; and the law was passed and the money was
paid to the slaveholders. Thus the influence and
legislative power of this government was exerted to
sustain slavery and to rob the Indians of their money
for that purpose. We have often heard of Virginia
abstractions; but it was reserved for the honorable
committee to whom I have referred to establish the
price of children who never had existence. But to
proceed with the historical relation of facts: The
Creek Indians having thus paid for the slaves at the
rate of six times their value, began to regard them
as their property, and demanded them of their Semi-
nole husbands and fathers. On the other hand, the
Seminoles, thinking they had a right to their own
children, refused to deliver them up to the Creeks.
By the treaty of Payne's Landing, they agreed to
remove West, and to settle in the country allotted
to the Creeks, and to which that nation had mostly
emigrated. But finding the Creeks determined to
take their wives and children, and hold them as
slaves, they dare not place themselves in their pow-
er by removing to that country. The fedeial exe-
cutive put forth his influence to induce them to emi-
grate; but they still persisting in their refusal, our
army was sent to compel them to leave their resi-
dences in Florida and go westofihe Mississippi;
and the Flonda war was the consequence. These
facts may all be fmmd recorded in doc. 225 of the
3d session of the 25th Congress, and were thus far
related by me in my speech of 1841 upon the causes
of that war. The further facts which I am now
about to relate have occurred mostly since that
time. When the Seminoles were oveipowered by
our troops, and carried west by physical force, they
refused to go into the Creek country, or to subject
themselves to the jurisdiction of their Creek brethren,
lest they should be deprived of their wives and
children. They therefore sought an asylum in
the Cherokee nation, and without the consent
of the Cherokees settled upon their lands. The
Cherokees, regarding them as trespassers upon their
territory, were desirous of removing them. But the
Seminoles having nowhere else to go, unless they
went to the Creek country, persisted in remaining
where they were; while the Creeks were clamorous
to get their slave property, as southern men denom-
inate the wives and children of those Seminoles. In
this way discontent was engendered among all these
tribes, and for several years they have been kept in
a constant state of excitcment, and apparently upon
the eve of a war, arising out of these unconstitu-
tional efforts of this government to uphold slavery.
The executive has constantly interposed his influ-
ence to silence their murmurings; and the more ef-
fectually to restore harmony among them, commis-
sioners have been sent to that country in order to
arrange their difficulties by a treaty, to which the
United States, the Cherokees, the Creeks, and the
Seminoles are each parties; and by the terms of
which, as we are informed through the press, the
Seminoles are permitted to retain their property,
(that is, their wives and children,) and the President
is to determine all questions arising previous to their
emigration west. And this is the power of such a
delicate nature represented as devolving upon the
President. We are now appropriating money to t
meet the expenses of that treaty from our national
treasury. My constituents, and the people of the
free States, are now compelled to pay their money
to meet the expenses consequent upon paying the
slaveholders of Georgia for their fugitive slaves.
Nay, Mr. Chairman, our freemen of the JNorth are
compelled to pay a portion of their money, acquired
by their toil and labor, that those slaveholders may
receive pay for unborn children. I rose, not to
make a speech, but to expose these facts to the
country; and having effected my object, I will now
resume my seat.
REMARKS OF MR. SIMMONS,
of rhode island,
In Senate, Fehuary 6, 1845—In support of his
proposition to reduce postages to a uniform rate
of five cents for a single letter, for all distances.
Mr. President: Exhausted as 1 know the mem-
bers of the Senate are by the discussion of the num-
berless propositions to amend the bill before us
which have been presented, I must, nevertheless,
beg their attention for a few moments to the one I
have offered. I do this from a belief that in the
fate of this proposition is involved the success of all
plans of reducing postages to a rate satisfactory to
the people, without throwing this department- of the
public service upon the general treasury for perma-
nent support.
All agree that the income of the Post Office De-
partment is at present inadequate, and is annually
diminishing. Something must, therefore, be done,
or its efficiency will be gone.
In order to sustain it, we must change the present
rates of postage, or make immediate and annual ap-
propriations from the treasury. A conviction of
this fact induced your committee to present the bill
before us. That bill proposes to reduce the rates of
letter postage to five cents for distances under one
hundred miles,and to ten cents for gre.ter distances.
The amendment now pending proposes a uniform
rate for all distances of five cents.
One question piesented is, whether or not the re-
duction to ten cents for distances over one hundred
nines u ill r< move one of the difficulties in our way,
which is, the interference of private mails or ex-
presses in the business of letter-carrying, and the
consequent reduction of our lcceipts.
The chairman of the committee has, in very able
and repeated arguments, endeavored to prove that
this rate of ten cents would insure sufficient reve-
nue, if inteifeience by private, carriers can be pre-
vented; and also to convince us that the penal enact-
ments contained in the bill will accomplish this last
object. In this 1 am constrained to disagree with
him. I have no faith m the sentiment that you can
prevent the people of this country from employing
such of their own citizens as will do their work the
cheapest, by a system of prosecutions such as this
bill contemplates; and 1 should have no favor for it
if I thought it would pioduce that result.
I believe the right and the only practicable way
to command business sufiicient to support the Post
Oifice Depart mi nt is to do it better am* cheaper
than individuals can. This the government can af-
ford to do, uiid is, in my judgment, bound to do.
The power to establish a mail was cuufe -ed on the
government in this expectation, and for this pur-
pose. It was not given to enable the government to
make exorbitant charges for the service, much less
to enable it to enforce a compliance with them, if
made. I think the existing charges for letter-carry-s
