Jan. 1845.
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
: 369
28th Cong 2d Sess.
Annexation of Texas—Mr. Severance.
H. of Reps.
far the position of Mr. Van Buren then, reiterated
as it was in May last in his letter to the Hon. Mr.
Hammett, of Mississippi, operated to defeat his
nomination to the presidency by the Baltimore con-
vention—defeated as he was by a minority of that
convention—is left to his political friends to deter-
mine. He will leave behind him no better monu-
ments of his political wisdom and integrity than
these two letters furnish. He maintained in 1844,
as in 1837, that the annexation of Texas would
make us a party to the war existing between Texas
and Mexico. He was right; but the chairman of
the Committee on Foreign Affairs tells us by au-
thority that there is no clanger of war either with
Mexico or England, as if there was already a pri-
vate cabinet understanding with both nations. Mr.
Bocanegra, General Almonte, and all the Mexican
ministers and official functionaries, tell us a very
different story; and it is utterly incredible that our
executive can have any assurance that Mexico can
be made to suffer the indignity of being bribed into
silence and submission by money offered to her
after we have actually placed ourselves in an atti-
tude of open hostility. And what assurance can
we have from Great Britain' Lord Aberdeen, in
his letter of December 26, 1843, communicated by
Mr. Pakenham, said:
"We shall counsel, but we shall not seek to compel or
unduly control either party, rMexico and Texas ] So faras
Great Britain as concerned, provided other States act with
equal forbearance, those governments will be at liberty to
make their own unfettered arrangements with each other,
both in regard to slavery and to all other points
Great Britain says she will keep her hands off if
other governments do so, but she does not say what
she will do if the "grab game" is commenced by
others. She lias been rather apt to take a hand in
all such operations, and generally takes the lion's
share. It is to be hoped that no partition of empire
is already agreed upon, like the partition of Poland;
if so, it is rather desirable to know whether England
is to take Cuba and a part of Oregon, while we seize
Texas and part of New Mexico, with a chance to
obtain California ^y emigration on the Texas plan.
No war, indeed ! Gentlemen stand up here and
urge annexation, giving as a reason that Mexico is
too much distracted at home, too much exhausted
in means, too feeble to do us any harm, and we can
therefore do what we please- with her. Shame on
such arguments ! Her feebleness should entitle her
to our sympathy and aid, rather than make her the
■victim of our cupidity and ambition. We ought to
be the more careful to do her no injustice. We
ought to avoid a position in which we shall be lia-
ble even to a suspicion of selfish and unworthy mo-
tives. Are we to throw away all character for mag-
nanimity and stern republican justice, and act upon
the doctrine that "might makes right?" If so, how
long can we prosper m such a career?
Mexico is not, however, without the power to do
us infinite mischief. True, she has notmuch ofa na-
vy, but she can lend her flag to privateers from all
parts of the world, including our own. "The gentle-
man from Virginia [Mr. Bayly] tehs us that by the
laws of nations two-ihuds of the crews of each pri-
vateer must belong to the country issuing the com-
mission, and that wheie this lawis violated the pri-
vateer may be regarded as a pirate. Why, sir, our
laws punish slavetrading as pimcy, and have for
twenty-five years; but, although some forty or fifty
thousand slaves are carried every year from Africa
to Brazil, Cuba, and Porto Rico, many of them in
American vessels, who ever heard of the capture of
a slave-trader by any but a British cruiser? When
Mexico is pushed to the wall she will not begin the
stridy of international law in musty books. When
our land stealers are lighting the battles of Texas,
she will not refuse the aid of volunteers from any
quarter 01 of any character, and it will be a very
poor consolation to our plundered merchants to be
told that the privateer which robbed them was sus-
pected of having -violated the laws of nations in the
composition of her crew.
But we are told that "necessity" requires the an-
nexation of Texas—the necessity of self-preserva-
tion, and the safety of our institutions. What out-
rage was ever perpetrated by the veriest tyrant who
did not urge the same plea? But where is the neces-
sity? Texas has nothing to fear from any foreign
power. She has only two enemies who threaten her
from abroad with annihilation—Mexico and the
United States; and the latter seems much the most
rapacious and dangerous. Surely the slave institu-
tions of the South cannot be in danger from the
proximity of the Texians, who are "bone of our
(24)
bone, and flesh of our flesh,11 who offer to give us a
monopoly of her slave market, and who have adopt-
ed a constitution which forever prohibits emancipa-
tion. Whence, then, the necessity? Ifwelether
alone, she has no enemy but Mexico; and between
her and Mexico we have no right to interfere. If
she has achieved, and is capable of establishing her
independence, then she wants none of our aid. If
she has not done this, then she cannot rightfully
give us any title to land or sovereignty. In the
message of President Tyler to the Senate of 22d
April, 1844, conveying the treaty of annexation, he
said:
"I repeat, the executive saw Texas In a state of almost
hopeless exhaustion; and the question was narrowed down
to the simple proposition whether the United States should
accept the boon of annexation upon fair and even liberal
terms, or, by refusing to do so, force Texas to seek refuge
in the arms of some other powci."
It may well be doubted whether any other power
would be willing to step into the shoes of Texas,
and fight her battles with Mexico, without any
provocation whatever from the latter—certainly none
having treaties of peace with Mexico, as all the
principal powers of Europe had. Such an act
would have stamped the interfering and protecting
party with the disgrace of waging war without
cause, and taking part m a quarrel not her own.
No, sir: no such foreign power of any respectability
could be found. It would be like receiving stolen
goods, and then fighting the owner. The "boon"
Texas offers us is one that she has no right to con-
fer. Instead of conveying to us a domain she has
won by the sword, (for she has no other title,) she
conveys to us what she has not conquered, if the
President represents the matter truly, and leaves us
to conquer it from a nation with which we have a
treaty of peace, and no cause of quarrel whatever.
A very remarkable boon. On the other hand, if she
has established her independence, and is able to
maintain it, time will show it. A single battle,
fought by citizens of the United States who have
returned home, does not establish her independence
beyond dispute or cavil.
Some gentlemen who have advocated the resolu-
tions contend that the object is not sectional or par-
tial, but a great national question. We shall per-
haps better understand the object by recurring to the
language of gentlemen on this subject before the ac-
tion of the two Houses of Congress was asked for.
A discursive but highly interesting debate occurred
three years ago, on the resolutions to censure the
Hon. J. Q,. Adams for offering the Haverhill peti-
tion for the dissolution of the Union. At that time,
Mr. Wise, of Virginia, said:
"Must the slaveholding States be hemmed in by the banks
of the Sabine, and see the immenso portion of territory and
population thrown into the hands of the northern States?" ^
'•Although dt present the two interests stand in the Sen-
ate -26 to 26, to-morrow that equilibrium may be .destroyed
True, if Iowa were to be added on one side, Florida would
be added on the other; but here thv equation must stop. Let
one more northern State be admitted, and the equilibrium
was gone, not for a few years, but forever " * " > *
"Let tbe South stop at the Sabine, while the North might
spread unchecked bevondthe Rocky Mountains, and the
southern scale must kick the beam."
This surely needs no glossary. No comments
are required.
The chairman of the Committee on Foreign Af-
fairs told us that the boundary he proposed was a
natural boundary, traced by the hand of the Al-
mighty, beyond which the Anglo-Saxon race could
not go with impunity, and over which the Moorish
race, as he called the Mexicans, (Mr. S. knew not
on what authority) could not come.
This is certainly high authority on a boundary
question, and if irs authenticity by established, it
may be sufficient to set aside the tie«ities of 1819 and
1832, which were the work of mortal men; but we
must not forget thattheie is other high authority for
the passage of this almighty barrier by the Anglo-
Saxon race: nothing less than destiny; and who can
resist the decrees of fate? We have been told m
both ends of the Capitol that it is the destiny of the
Anglo-Saxon race to overrun and control this con-
tinent; and as to the barrier of the Rio del Norte and
its adjacent deserts, we are to see them overleaped
at a single bound when we come to fulfil our destiny.
Let us look at the foreshadowing of this destiny by
the Hon. Henry A. Wise, when chairman of the
Committee of Naval Affairs in the last Congress.
No man ^ad more influence in shaping the course
of the present executive, or spoke its views with
better authority, not even the present chairman of
the Committee on Foreign Affairs. What said Mr.
Wise? You shall hear;
"There was an anomaly connected with Texas which,
when first stated, appeared to be a paradox, but, when duly
considered, was quite intelligible, and undoubtedly true.
While she was, as a State, weak, and almost powerless in
resisting invasion, she was herself irresistible as an invad-
ing and conquering power. She had but a sparse popula-
tion, and neither men nor money of her own to raise and
equip an army for her own defence; but let her once raise
the flag of foreign conquest—let her once proclaim a cru-
sade against the rich States to the south of her, and in a
moment volunteers would flock to her standard in crowds
from all the States in the great valley of the Mississippi.
* * * * They would leave their own towns, arm
themselves, and travel on their own cost, and would come
up in thousands to plant the lone star of the Texas banner
on the Mexican capital. , They would drive Santa Anna
from the Soxith, and the boundless wealth of captured
towns and rifled churches, and a lazy, vicious, and luxuri-
ous priesthood, would soon enable Texas to pay her sol-
diery and redeem her State debt, and push her victorious
arms to the very shores of the Pacific. And would not all
this extend the bounds of slavery? Yes, the result would
be, before another quarter of a century, the extension^ of
slaver} would not stop short of the western ocean. * " *
To talk of restraing the people of the great valley from
emigrating to join her [Texian] armies was all in vain. It
was equally in vain to calculate on their defeat by any
Mexican forces, aided by England or not. They had gone
once already; it was they that conquered Santa Anna at
San Jacinto; and three-fourths of them, after winning that
glorious field, had peaceably returned to their homes.
* * v I would fix our boundary, not where Mr. Adams
tried to fix it, at the Rio del Norte, but far beyond. I would
place California where all the power of Great Britain
should never be able to reach it. Slavery should pour
itself abroad without restraint, and find no limit but the
southern ocean."
There appears to be no difficulty in carrying out
these patriotic views. The promise of pillage of
private property, the sacking of captured towns,
would undoubtedly attract a formidable force. The
business of picking pockets by day and robbing
dwellings by night would be abandoned by many
in all our cities for the greater spoils of rifled
churches and wholesale robbery in open day. The
subterraneans of New York, foreign and native,
would make up any amount of force which Texas
and the Mississippi valley might not be able to sup-
ply. Annex Texas now, and we are at once at war
with Mexico, and can go on in the march of des-
tiny and robbery; or, if Mexico make no resistance
to annexation, we can send more emigrants to Cali-
fornia, or into any of the provincias internas, re-enact
a Texas rebellion, and reannex more territory by-
joint resolutions. Thus the "area of freedom" shall
be extended by pouring slavery abroad to the Paci-
fic ocean.
Sir, there are various propositions to divide the
territory now to be acquired, between the freo
and slave States. One proposition is to extend west
to the Rocky mountains and north to the line 36
deg. 30 min., known as the Missouri compromise
line. Another, proposed by Mr. Benton, is to make
free States of all north of that line and west of the
100th degree of longitude. The gentleman who has
just preceded me, [Mr. Hardin,] has shown that
there is no territory of any value claimed by Texas
north of 36 deg. 30 min., and as to that west of
100th degree of longitude he has pointed out a very
remarkable discrepancy between the map prepared
for the use of tins Congress and other maps. On
this we see the words, on the upper waters of the
Colorado and Red rivers, "According to Arrow-
smith, this tract of country was explored by Le
Grand in 1833; and is naturally fertile, well wooded,
and with a fair proportion of water." He had hunt-
ed up a genuine map of Arrowsmith, published in
1840, and in place of the above he finds the words
"great desert." All this, however, is south of 30
deg. 30 min. ...
But there is another objection to a division by
either or both these linos. Texas never extended
north of the Red river at any point. The United
States line leaves that river at 100 degrees west from
London. Fiom that point Texas extends on the
southwest side of that river as far north as the j6th
degree, and west to 102 deg., but on the southwest
does not go beyond the Neuces which empties into
the Gulf of Mexico about 97 degrees west fiom
London, or 20 degrees west from Washington. Not
an inch of territory north of 35 degrees, and only a
sharp angle of barren country west of 100 degrees,
belongs to Texas, or was ever included in that de-
nartmentby the Spanish government. Nor have
the Texian emigrants conquered it. They attempt-
ed it in 1840 in their famous Santa Fe expedition,
but their armv was all captured and sent prisoners
to Mexico, where most of the intruders claimed to
be citizens of the United States on a peaceful errand,
and were actually pardoned and liberated at the soli-
citation of our executive—that same exscutive
which now proposes to receive Santa Fe as a ees-j
