370
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL (xLOBE.
^an. 184§.
28th Cong.. ..2d Sess.
Annexation of Texas—Mr. Severance.
H. of Reps.
' Kion obtained by the conquest of these pardoned
captives. Can anything more preposterous be con-
ceived? When our secretary conies to negotiate
the question of boundary with Mexico, which he
has notified her government he is willing to leave
open, he can very well give up the territory beyond
the limits of Texas, leaving nothing for free States.
So also of the public lands proposed to be convey-
ed to us. Included in the lires marked on this
Congress map they amount to -203,0,00,000 acres, of
rvhich the Texian land commissioner informs us
-jat 67,000,000 have been granted. These grants
probably cover every foot of arable land in Texas.
The remainder is barren sands, mountains covered
with perpetual snow, and a few fertile valleys of
limited extent west of 100deg. and north of 36 deg.
30 mill., but which the Texians have no more right
to annex to the United States than they have to an-
nex the island of Madagascar. Yet the gentleman
from Alabama [Mr. Payne] has estimated the value
of the ungranted 136,000,000 acres of land, at$l 25
an acre, as an immense source of future revenue
which we are to obtain by annexation. Such a land
speculation would be worse than the South sea bub-
ble.
Again, it is said, we are only reannexing territory
which we acquired under the Louisiana purchase
in 1803, and gave up to Spain in 1819, and that we
had no right to surrender American citizens, against
iheir remonstrances, to a European desp ,t; and
the gentleman from Illinois [Mr. Douglass] con-
tends that though we lost our right to the territory
by the treaty of 1819, yet the inhabitants of Texas,
having achieved their independence, have now a
right to claim admission into the Union under the
guaranties of the treaty of 1803, and we are bound
jn honor and good faith to admit them.
Let us see if we did surrender American citizens
in 1819. Were the laws of the Urited States ever
extended over Texas or any pait of it? Never.
Did the United States ever sell or grant a foot of land
in Texas? Wot one. Was there a man in Texas
in 1819 who ever pretended to own an inch of land
there by any other title than from the Spanish
crown? Mr. S. never heard of one. Moses Austin
was the first citizen of the United States who le-
ceived a grant of land in Texas. On his death it
was renewed to his son, Stephen F. Austin, who
wentthere with some colonists in 1819 Austin re-
ceived his grant from Ferdinand VII., and swore
allegiance to the crown of Spain, and also pleged
himself and his colonists to support the Catholic
religion. He arid his colonists expatriated them-
selves as citizens of she United States. What claim
could these men have on our government? They
had voluntarily transferred themselves to a -'foreign
despot." This eloquent declamation against selling
American citizens was all borrowed thunder, which
had been used in the State of Maine against alien-
ating the French Aeadians on the Madawaska and
the Upper St. Johns.
And now let us see what reason there is for as-
suming that Texas was understood to be ours before
1819. That it was not considered a part of Louisi-
ana at the time of the acquisition appears fully from
our own legislation. Congress passed an act to take
possession in 1803, without defining limits. The
next act is March 26, 1804, erecting Louisiana into
two territories. The first section is in these words:
"Be it enacted, ffc , That all that portion of country
ceded by France to the United States, under the name of
Louisiana, which lie? south of the Mississippi Territory
and of an east and west line to commence on the Missis-
sippi river at the 33d degree of north latitude, and to extend
west to the western boundary of said cession, shall consti-
tute a territory of the United States, under the name of the
Territory oi Orleans; the government whereof shall be or-
ganized and administered as follows," &c.
In the 12th section is the following:
"The residue of the^province of Louisiana ceded to the
United States, shall be called the district of Louisiana, the
government whereof shall be organized and administered as
follows,&c.
The act of February 20, 1811, "to enable the peo-
ple of the territory of Orleans" to form a State con-
stitution, and the act of April 8,1812, admitting the
Territory of Orleans into the Union as the State of
Louisiana, make the case clear. In both these acts
of 1811 and 1812 the boundai ies are precisely fixed.
Both begin at the mouth of the Sabine and run
northward to the thirty-third degree of north lati-
tude, and on that parallel to the Mississippi; and
both acts repeatedly speak of the territory included
as "the said territory of Orleans," which territory is
described m the act of 1804 as including all of the
territory of the Louisiana cession, lying south of the
parallel of 33 degrees of north latitude, which par-
allel line is to run to the western boundary of the
said cession. Nothing can be more clear than that,
in 1804, 1811, and m 1812, Congress did not regard
Texas to be included in "said cession" of France to
the United States, and did not regard it as any partof
Louisiana. Mr. Jefferson approved the act of 1804,
and Mr. Madison thpse ofl811 and 1812. And really
there is very little reason whyTexas should havebeen
so regarded. The Spaniards, under PoncedeLeonand
others, had occupied Florida, and explored and
claimed the whole intervening coast in the gulf be-
tween Cape Florida and Vera Cruz, one hundred
and seventy years before La Salle discovered the
mouth of the Mississippi. In all that time they had
sailed past the numerous mouths of that great river,
mistaking them for mere bayous, just as the English
and Spanish navigators sailed past the mouth of the
Columbia without seeing it, leaving the discovery
for Capt. Gray, a Boston yankee. La Salle found
the mouth of the Mississippi by following the
stream downward from the Ohio and the lakes. He
returned to Canada, and thence to France, where he
was provided with four vessels, with which in 1684
he entered the Gulf of Mexico m search of the Mis-
sissippi. But he went too far west, and got into a
bay, which he called the bay of St. Bernard, near
the mouth of the Colorado. Here he was attacked
by the Spaniards as an intruder; they captured two
of his vessels, a third was lost by shipwieck, and
the fourth escaped back to France. La Salle was
left on shore with most of his party, where they
erected a fort for their defence. He was subse-
quently assassinated by one of his own men, his
fort was destroyed by the Spaniards, and a mere
remnant of the party found their way to the Missis-
sippi river, by which they returned to Canada, (t
is by virtue of this accidental disaster ef La Salle
that Texas is claimed as a part of Louisiana. It is
very much kke the conquest of Sante Fe by the
Texians in 1840. The French held Louisiana un-
til 1762, when it was ceded to Spain; but it does not
appear that in all that time they established any
post west of Natchitoches, oil the Red river, and
now in the United States. By looking at the map
before us, it will be seen that all the names of places
in Texas are either new English names or Spanish
names—not one French, except St. Bernard, where
La Salle strayed by mistake.
When the question of boundary was all an open
question, in 1818 arid 1819, our government made
the most of it, «nd claimed to the Rio del Norte, as
the Spanish claimed to the Mississippi. In the con-
troversy with Don Onis, in 1819, Mr. Adams sus-
tained the American claim with his usual great abil-
ity; but had the Don referred him to our statutes of
1804, 1811, and 1812, it is difficult to conceive what
reply the American Secretary could have made.
Instead of having made a bad bargain of compro-
mise m 1819, we really gained much and lost noth-
ing. The five millions we paid to our own citizens
for Spanish spoliations would never have been ob-
tained excef t by cession of territory; and Spain
soon after lost all her continental possessions by
revolution. We gained Florida, and greatly ex-
tended and strengthened our claim on the Pacific.
If we yielded any territory at all which rightfully
belonged to us, it was territory between the Arkan-
sas and the Red river, west of the 100th degree of
longitude. This might well have been claimed as a
part of Louisiana, because both streams are tributa-
ries of the Mississippi.
The chairman of the Committee on Foreign Af-
fairs, [Mr. C. J. Ingersoll,] in his opening speech,
offered in defence of his position the legal doctrine
of iemitter, by which he argued that we are again
placed in possession of original rights lost by treaty
in 1819. It may be well to inquire if this doctrine
of remitter applies equally to Spain. If so, it may
be feared it would spoil the plan of two new States
in Florida, five in Texas, and very much reduce the
number or dimensions of the ten in Oregon, wh:ch
the gentlemen spoke of in the outset of this debate.
We had better first examine our title deeds to Ore-
gon before we try the virtue of this new doctrine in
international affairs.
Our first claim to Oregon was obtained by the dis-
covery of the mouth of the Columbia river in 1792,
but this would hardly give us thirteen degrees of
coast, which had been explored by the Spanish nav-
igators two hundred years before, and at various i
times since, nor would it exclude the British from !
Nootka Sound, a little north of 49 degrees, for the |
possession of which they had quarrelled with the [
Spaniards several years before the discovery of the
mouth of the Mississippi.
The second ground of our claim is by the pur-
chase of Louisiana. By virtue of the discovery of
the Mississippi river, France claimed all the country
watered by that river. She gave up all claim east
of the Mississippi and all Canada to England in
1763. If, while she held Louisiana, before surren-
dering it to Spain in 1762, she had a right to go over
the Rocky mountains to rivers emptying into the
Pacific, then how far north had she any right to go
under that claim on the Pacific' On this side the
mountains we have never claimed north of 49 de-
grees, and France never did westward of the Mis-
sissippi. It is now the established boundary. It is
the line agreed on by commissioners appointed under
the treaty of Utrecht in 1713, between the British
possessions of Hudson's Bay company and the
French possessions of Canada, and was supposed
very nearly to divide the waters of the Mississippi
and St. Lawrence from those falling into Hudson's
bay. The Red river of Hudson's bay actually has
its sources two degrees south of 49°. The same
line has been recognised in various treaties since.
Now, the question is whether the British have not as
good a right to go westward over the mountains
north of that line, as we have to go over south of it
under the title of France? If so, we are remitted to
the title we obtained from Spam, the original dis-
coverer of the whole coast; and this title we obtain-
ed by the treaty of 1819, which some gentlemen ap-
pear to think a very unfortunate one. It was not so
regarded at the time, and will not be so regarded
hereafter, by those who set any value upon nearly
thirteen degrees of coast on the Pacific, extending
from 42° to 54° 40'.
Some gentlemen seem to be alarmed with the idea
(though free-trade men themselves) that Texas will
make a free-trade treaty with England; that im-
mense quantities of British goods will be imported
and smuggled into the United States. But, besides
the obvious fact that the natural facilities for smug-
gling are a hundred times greater on our northern
and eastern frontier, where it is presented, is it true
that Texas could make a free-trade treaty with
England or any other power? How would she pay
her debts and support her government? Her valua-
ble lands are all shingled over with grants three or
four deep. She owes a debt of at least ten millions,
and probably twenty millions of dollars. She has
not a hundred thousand white inhabitants within
her proper limits. Can they pay this debt by direct
taxation? 1 Could the State of Delaware do it? No,
sir; if left to her own resources she will have to
enact a high tariff, and that speedily; and the
chances of smuggling Yankee wares into Texas
will be far greater than of smuggling anything from
Texas, except cotton, into the United States.
Brazil, though without manufactures, has been
obliged very recently to raise her tariff. Mexico
has raised hers; and a principal reason why the
British government favor Texian independence no
doubt is, that the Texian tariff is not yet so high
as that of Mexico. It must, however, be made
high for the reasons stated; and this disposes of an-
other bugbear.
The gentleman from Illinois, [Mr. Douglass,]
and others, say that, as Mr. Adams offered a million
of dollars to Mexico for Texas in 1827, when Spain
had not acknowledged the independence of Mexico,
and while Spanish troops yet remained in Mexico,
we have as good a right to treat for 1 exas now, be-
fore Mexico has acknowledged her independence.
But are fiot the circumstances widely different?
Mexico, in 1827, without including Guatemala, had
nearly or quite seven millions ot inhabitants, more
than twice the population of our thirteen colonies
when we began the war of the revolution. The
Mexican revolution was the work of the native in-
habitants of the country, and was fully-accomplish-
ed in 1821. True, the Spanish forces remained for
seveial years in the castle of San Juan de Uiloa,
which was impregnable on the 1"!k! sule, and ac-
cessible to Spanish vessels of war, the Mexicans
having no navy; but. with this isolated exception,
Spain had no foot-hold on the continent, nor was
there the remotest probability that, weak and dis-
tracted as she was at home, she could ever reduce
her former subjects in this hemisphere to colonial
dependence.
Not so Texas. Her revolution was not the work
of the native inhabitants of the country, struggling
for the overthrow of a foreign despotism, but a re-
bellion got up by a few adventurers and land specu-
lators from a neighboring country—from the Uniteq
