Jan. 1845.
Af>PfiNDlX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
371
28th Cong 2d Sess.
Annexation of Texas—Mr. Severance.
H. of Reps.
States; and we are asked to take them under our
protection, not because they have established their
independence, but because they have not done it,
and because they are in such a state of "hopeless
exhaustion" that they wili not be able to do it.
Mr. S. said he had no belief that Texas, notwith-
standing her state of ''almost hopeless exhaustion"
described by the President, would ever revert back
to Mexico. Texas has now too many men, the
most restless individuals of a most restless and im-
pulsive race; and when the time of danger comes,
if it ever does come, there will be another rush of
armed emigrants across the Sabine, as there was in
1836. We cannot prevent it, but we can at least
preserve the neutrality of our government, and not
confirm all suspicions of our integrity by an open
and shameless adoption of all the aggressions upon
Mexico which for years we have told her we could
not prevent.
Let Texas, then, remain in the list of nations.
Let her fulfil her destiny. She will drain us of some
of our population which we can well spare. The
Roman empire is said to have originated with a band
of robbers and outlaws, who were without women
till they seued the daughters of the Sabines by
stratagem and force. Texas may be yet as power-
ful as Home. But when we shake hands with her,
let it not be to extend the black flag of slavery, nor
to enter upon a career of conquest, usurpation, ag-
gression, and crime. Let us rather extend the "area
of freedom1' by our wisdom, onr moderation, our
strict regard for the rights of other nations and peo-
ple, our bright and shining example as a pattern re-
public, and the influence we can exert upon the
world by our literature, our peaceful progress in art,
in science, in morals, and in the happiness and pros-
perity of our own people.
There is another very singular idea, which seems
to be quite current in this House, and that is, that
we want Texas so that we can monopolize all the
cotton land;?, and thus not only control the price of
cotton, but stop all the spindles and looms of Great
Britain at our pleasure. Gentlemen seem to forget
that the more cotton lands we have, the less control
we shall have over the cotton market. Our govern-
ment is not like that of Mehemet All, who monopo-
lizes all the cotton in Egypt, and sells it how and
when he pleases. Our cotton-growers, each for
himself, will sell when they please, or when their
necessities compel them to sell. Each will look out
for himself, and the more there are of them the less
chance for monopoly or combination to control the
market.
The constitution prohibit export duties. We can-
not prevent our people from carrying our cotton to
any country where they can get the best price, any
more than we can chain the winds. Moreover,
sir, the quantity of cotton coming from India,
from Brazil, and from Egypt, is increasing every
year. We can no more control the cotton market
by acquiring more cotton lands, than we can control
the grain market by obtaining all the grain lands in
the world, or the price of beef by grasping at all
the grazing lands.
Mr. Chairman, (sdiJ Mr S.) since the negotiation
ofthe tieaty of annexation sent to the Senate on the
22J oflafit April, documents and correspondence
have been communicated to Congress by the execu-
tive which should arrest the most serious attention
of the American people. The President has order-
ed portions of the army and navy to be in positions
to attack Mexico, and to resist any attempt on her
part to reconquer her revolted province of Texas.
He has not only assumed the power to make war
on a nation with which we aie at peace—a power
which the constitution has conferred upon Congress
—but hns even delegated this power to the dis-
cretion of a ehargf* d'affaires, taking for advisers
the officers of a foreign government. But his
time, Mr. S. said, would not permit him to dwell on
this fruitful theme; others better able would do
)t. He could only notice one of the most re-
markable of these very extraordinary documents,
and that is the letter of Mr. Calhoun, our Secretary
of State, to the Hon. Wm. R. King, our minister to
France, dated at Washington, August 12, 1844.
One would almostbe tempted to believe in the malign
influence of the dog star in that fervid month, if
this letter were not strictly in keeping with many
others wiitten bv him and his predecessor in office.
Mr. Calhoun congratulates Mr. King thaf the pre-
vious rumors that France was about to co-operate
with England m remonstrating against annexation,
and in producing aMexican acknowledgment of Tex-
jan indej. endence, were without foundation. Texian
independence seems to be the last thing which our
executive desires, notwithstanding the repeated ex-
pressions of deep solicitude and solemn cohvictions
of duty to interfere on the score of "humanity" to
prevent the further effusion of blood. The fear
that, by some accident or other, the permanence of
slavery may be endangered in Texas, reveals itself
in this and all other letters through the whole cor-
respondence; but what Mr. S. would invite the care-
ful attention of the House and the American people
to, is the system of policy distinctly shadowed
forth in this letter for the government of the conti-
nental nations of Europe and the people of North
America. Mr. Calhoun labors to convince Louis
Philippe that not only France, but Russia and the
Germanic nations, ought to combine with us to re-
sist the progress of emancipation in which Great
Britain has enlisted, and which, he says, has cost
her already two hundred and fifty millions of dol-
lars in money, and a loss of fixed capital in tropical
possessions to the amount of five hundred millions
of dollars; and now, finding she has given slave-
holding countries who have not followed her exam-
ple a great advantage over her by producing cotton,
sugar, coffee, rice, tobacco, &c., cheaper than she
can do it in her colonies by free labor, she is using
her influence to persuade other nations to abolish
slavery. Of this Mr. Calhoun says:
"Now, 1 hold not only that France can have no interest
in the consummation of this grand scheme, which England
hopes to accomplish through Texas, if she can defeat an-
nexation, but that her interests and those of the continen-
tal powers of Europe are directly and deeply opposed to
it."'
And how? He goes on to show that, by sustain-
ing slavery on this continent, France and the conti-
nental nations of Europe will be able to obtain all
their tropical productions at a much cheaper rate
than they can be furnished by free labor; while, by
extending the slaveholding interest here, a demand
will be made for the manufactures of France and the
north of Europe. Mr. Calhoun says:
''So great has been the advance made in the arts, both
chemical and mechanical, within the last few geneiations,
that all the old civilized nations can, with but a small part of
their labor and capital, supply their respective wants, which
tends to limit within narrow bounds the amount of the com-
merce between them, and toices them to seek lor markets
in the tropical regions and the more newly settled portions
ofthe globe. Those who can best succeed in commanding
those markets have the best prospects of outstripping the
others in the career of commerce, navigation, manufactures,
wealth, and power"
This looks very much like saying to the French
king, Help us to extend slavery in the Southwest;
enable us to control the policy ofthe country; let us
get five slave States in Texas, and five more beyond
the Rio Grande by the same process of emigtation
and annexation, and we will have twenty senators
in Congress, which will enable us to make and rati-
fy commercial treaties with France, Sweden, Rus-
sia, Italy, and the Zoll Verein on free-trade princi-
ples; in virtue of which we shall receive the wool of
Germany, the woollen manufactures of France and
Germany, their cotton manufactures, German
cutlery and cabinet ware, French and Italian silks
and fineiy of all sorts, French boots and shoes, iron
from Itus&id and Sweden; and, in exchange, we will
supply them with cotton, sugar, rice, tobacco, and
corn, when they will take it, all the cheap product
of slave labor; and you shall, moreover, have the
vast benefits of the commerce and navigation result-
ing from the exchange of these productions of cheap
labor on both continents- Such is the offer for Euro-
pean aid to sustain slavery.
Low prices and cheap labor are dwelt upon con-
tinually by Mr. Calhoun as the means of accumu-
lating great wealth British subjects, we are told
by him, have lost five hundred millions of their
"fixed capital" by the experiment of their govern-
ment in paying laborers instead of compelling them
to work under the lash. Why, sir, how often have
we heard eloquent denunciations of Great Britain
for her oppressions on the laboring massesr how she
compels them to toil for the benefit of "rich capi-
talists?" How often have we heard the sentiment,
falsely ascribed to Mr. Webster and others, that
"government should take care ofthe rich, and the
rich would take care of the pooi?" Yet now we see
Great Britain denounced for making labor dear, and
for her efforts to make it dear m Other countries;
and we he *e, in republican America, are asking to
seize on the territory of a neighbor to restore slavery
where that neighbor had abolished it, in order that
we may extort more labor at less cost than it can be
obtained for where men are free! Sir, the laboring
masses are depressed enough everywhere. In the
most free'eountries, and under all systems, some
will grow rich by their sagacity and enterprise or
good luck, and some will remain poor. We cannot
regulate wages by law, but we can leave all men
free to work or not to work, according to their ne-
cessities, to employ whom they- please, or to work
for whom they please, to pay as little for the labor
of others, or to obtain as much for their own, as the
parties can agree upon; and we can, in our own
country, keep up the level of the wages or profits of
each man's labor far above the level of labor in the
Old World, where the common people are slowly
emerging from a condition of vassalage. We do
this by our protecting policy, which certain poli-
ticians in this country wish to overthrow; and they
desire Texas as a means of overthrowing it, by
strengthening the combination in favor of cheap
labor. What views these gentlemen have may be
seen in the letter of the late President of Texas,
Mirabeau B. Lamar, in favor of annexation. Here
is an extract:
"I do not support the institution of slavery merely be-
cause the land of my birth or the land of my adoption is con-
nected with it. 1 believe the system of servitude, as it ex-
ists in the southern States and in Texas, is the best relation
which has ever been established between the laboring and
the governing portions of mankind."
So the laboring portions of mankind are not to be
the governing portions. The doctrine is not new.
It is a very old one. It has been long practised
throughout the world; but we had supposed repub-
lican America was making the experiment of placing
the government of the country in the hands of the
laboring portions, and that it was absolutely neces-
sary for the success of this republican system, that
those who labor should receive the greater part of
the profits of their labor, to enable them to live com-
fortably, to educate their children, and to qualify
themselves for the exercise of the right of suffrage;
but this does not seem to be the doctrine or the poli-
icy of the advocates of cheap labor.
They would, by enslaving as large a proportion
as possible of the laborers, and compelling them to
do the greatest possible amount of labor at the least
possible expense, extorted by the whip of the over-
seer for the benefit of the capitalists, or the govern-
ing portions, bring down all free labor which comes
in competition with that of the slave. The labor of
the free man cannot command a high compensation
while that ofthe slave is extorted without pay.
The design seems to be to stop the progress of
emancipation, of liberty and equality, all which are
denounced as fanaticism, and to bring us back to a
state of feudal vassalage, such as existed all over
Europe a few hundred years ago, and such as still
exists in Russia, and measurably in other nations of
the North; and to do this our republican executive
proposes another "Holy Alliance" with the mon-
archs of Europe.
If Texas is wanted for such a purpose as this, it
is the greater reason (said Mr. S.) why he, as one
ofthe "laboring portions" of mankind, should go
against annexation. If the policy of cheapening la-
bor is so very desirable—if we are to obtain the most
work at the least cost, why not repeal the prohibi-
tion against the foreign slave trade? Laborers can
be bought in Africa for $10 or $15 each, and their
importation would make a profitable commerce.
This would put down Great Britain and all her abo-
lition schemes. ^Ve could undersell her everywhere
and destroy her power. We could exchange the
productions of our cheaper labor for the iron and
hemp, the productions of the cheap labor of the serf
of Russia, and for the manufactured products of tha
artis.ins of France and Germany, who work for nina
pence a day; the "governing portions of mankind"
on both continents would grow rich and powerful,,
and the commerce between them, being free, would,
be done by those who could build vessels at the least
cost, and sail them the cheapest. The cheapen-
ing of labor would be extended to commerce and
navigation as well as tillage and the mechanic arts.
Slavery on both shores would be the great lever
by which all labor, m every department would ba
made as cheap as possible consistent with mere ani-
mal subsistence. .
Sir (said Mr. S.,) the annexation of Texas, either
bv treaty or otherwise, under present circumstances,
in my humble judgment, would be derogatory to
the honor, injurious to the interests, and dangerous
to the peace of the country; and the reasons offered
for it the policy proposed to be based upon it, and
the mode of doing it, render it doubly abhorrent to
oil my ideas of human fights, of human progress,
and most especially of the performance and weliara
of this Union. Let us pause, before the deed is don?,
