Jan. 1845.
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
373
28th Cong 2d Sess.
Annexation of Texas—Mr. Hamlin.
H. of Reps.
would he hopeless, indeed, were she to tamely sub-
mit to this gross subversion of her sovereign will.
1 have said that we are willing to abide by the
compromises of the constitution. But these com-
promises are not all on one side. Whilst we are
willing to leave the institution of slavery where the
constitution left it—in the States—we are not wil-
ling to pour out our blood, and our treasure, and
our honor, to continue, and extend, and perpetuate
it.
We deny that there is any power in this, govern-
ment t'o interfere with it, one way or the other. The
power to create necessarily implies the power to
destroy. If you admit that there is power here to
extend, the power to curtail necessarily follows;
and you knock from under your "peculiar institu-
tion" the only prop which sustains it.
We believe that the fathers of this republic ex-
pected and intended that this blot upon our natienal
character should be wiped out. That the "curse of
slavery," as it was denominated by southern gentle-
men in those good old days, when men dared to
speak as they thought upon this, as well as upon all
other proper subjects, should pass away. And we
believe that "the measure of our country's glory"
will not be full until the last shackle falls from the
hands of the bondman.
But, sir, with this we have nothing to do. Slave-
ry is purely a State institution; and when and how
it shall be abolished, it remains with the States
maintaining it to determine- All we of the North
ask is, that you rid our hands of all participation in
it. This we demand; and to this you must come.
But this measure is urged upon the score of ex-
pediency, and the manufacturing States of the
North and the agricultural States of the West are
promised an abundant market for their produce.
The gentleman from Alabama [Mr. Payne] tells us
that Texas is equal in fertility to the rich valley of
the Mississippi, and is capable of sustaining a pop-
ulation of 5,000,000 of souls; and yielding an annual
produce of §500,000,000. Of this, he exports one-
third, or §166,000,000, and receives in return an
equal amount of foreign manufactures, &c., yield-
ing, under a horizontal tariff of 20 per cent., (for let
it be borne in mmd that we are to have a tariff of 20
per cent, when Texas comes into the CJnion,) $33,-
000,000 of revenue. And her public lands, amount-
ing to 137,000,000 of acres, are ali to sell for $1 25
per acre, and heap up an amount of dollars to
which the wealth of Crcesus were but pin money.
Now this must be a wonderful country—this Tex-
as; and a wonderful people—these Texians ! Five
millions of people are to consume 166 millions of
imports; whilst we, of twenty millions, consume
but about 100 millions. Her population of five mil-
lions are to derive from their imports a revenue of
33 millions; ours of twenty millions, derive from
the sjuie source t1 revenue of but 26 millions. Her
pubhclands, her swamps, her barren mountains, and
Let- impalpable desert, which is to offer an ltnpreg-
hable ban ier against an invading foe, are, every
acre of 1 hem, io sell for 25; whilst, at this very
moment, you have upon your table a bill to gradu-
ate and reduce the price of our own fertile lands of
the West to one dollar, seventy-five, fifty, and even
twenty-five cents an acre.
Texas, with a consumption of 166 millions of im-
ports, might afford a market foi some of the prod-
ucts of the -'loids of the loom," who have received
such repeated and respectful notice from the gentle-
man fiom Alabama; but how, with an agricultural
production of 500 millions, it is to afford a market
for the agricultural produce of the West, I am at a
loss to conceive.
No, sir; the annexation of Texas this Union,
instead of giving to the manufacturers of the coun-
try a new and extensive market for their products,
will give them a horizontal tariff of 20 per cent.,
as the gentleman has intimated; and to the agricul-
turists of the West, it will giveincreased competition
to their labor. The worn-out lands of the South
will be supplanted by the new lands of Texas in the
growth of cotton, sugar, &c., and, in time, become
the produceis of the staple productions of the West;
and instead of consuming their wheat, and their
corn, and their pork, as 110" v.-, they will produce the
same articles for the 1'cxas market, if any market
there be.
But what are the facts? Where is Texas, and
whitish' Gen. Almonte, who was appointed by
the jlexiean government, in 1834, a commissioner
to settle the question of boundary between Texas
and the adjoining province of Coahuila, to which it
was attached until it should acquire the prerequi-
sites of a separate department, states in his official
report that Texas is situated between 28 degrees and
35 degrees north latitude, and 17 degrees to 25
degrees of longitude west from Washington. In the
legislative acts of Coahuila and Texas, the boundary
of Texas commences at the mouth of the Aransaso,
(the first stream north of the Nueces,) and foHows
that river to its source; thence in a line to the junc-
tion of the Medina and San Antonio, near Bexar,
and following the Medina to its source; thence in a
westerly line to Chihuahua. By reference to Tan-
ner's new atlas, published in 1844, these boundaries,
thus adopted by Texas as a constituent member of
the joint legislature, will be found to correspond
with the line prescribed by Gea. Almonte. Mrs
Holly, in her work on Texas, written before the
revolution, and whilst the boundary between that
province and Coahuila was yet in controversy, and
dictated by Stephen P. Austin, the founder of the
settlement in Texas, and whose interest in and at-
tachment for that department would naturally in-
cline him to sustain its utmost pretensions, says:
"Its latitude is from 28 to 34 degrees north, and is
bounded by Louisiana on the east; by Red river,
which divides it from Arkansas, on the north;by the
Nueces river, which divides it from Tamaulipas and
Coahuila, on the west; and the Gulf of Mexico on
the south:" differing only from the boundary finally
settled by Mexico and the joint legislature by claim-
ing to the Nueces on the west, and falling short ot it
on the north one degree.
These boundaries, thus defined by Texas her-
self, whilst yet a province of Mexico, will embrace
about 136,000 square miles, or 87,040,000 acres.
(Lieute«iant Emory, of the United States topograph-
ical engineer corps, computes that part of the the ter«
ritory claimed by Texas, which lies east of the 100th
degree of longitude, at 135,670 square miles, and
the area embraced within these boundaries will vary
very little from that amount.) Of this, according to
the report of their land commissioner, made in 1839,
67,408,000 acres were then granted; leaving, at that
time, about 20,000,000 of acres. Extensive grants
have since been made, and many which were pre-
viously issued and held without the republic, have
never been presented for adjustment, and are,
of course, not included in the report of the land com-
missioner—together amounting, in all probability,
to the whole extent of ungraoted lands at that time.
Besides, there are large tracts ofcountry within these
limits which are, and forever must be, entirely
worthless—irreclaimable swamps, barren moun-
tains, and sandy plains—to say nothing of the
Spanish and Mexican grants, which covered the al-
most entire surface of the country before Texas had
granted an acre. Some of these grants have been
forfeited, and reverted to the original proprietary;
but many remain unimpaired. And from the fact
that all the recent surveys have been made beyond
Texas proper, it is evident that there remains no
saleable land unappropriated within its borders.
Hence it is clear that if Texas shall acquire public
domain to pay her debts, it will be by robbingMex-
ico of parts of her adjoining provinces. And this is
the treasure held up to "the cupidity of the North,"
to induce her people to pay the debts and fight the
battles of Texas; for, disguise it as you will, if
Texas comes into this Union, we are bound for the
payment of her foreign debt. We swallow up her
national sovereignty, and assume her liabilities. A
transfer of sovereignty can no more liquidate its ob-
ligations, than a transfer of property will those rest-
ing upon it. This is a principle of international law
universally acknowledged by all civilized govern-
ments, and one which we could not, if we wished,
escape.
But we are told that Texas, by an act of Con-
gress, has defined her bounds, and embraced within
her limits a much larger extent of territory. So she
has; but what right had she to do so? It wasTexas
that revolted against the government of Mexico; it
was Texas that achieved her independence upon the
plains of San Jacinto; it was Texas that we have
recognised as an independent State; and it is Texas
that you propose annexing to this Union; and if
you adopt these resolutions, you will annex nothing
but Texas.
An assertion of independence by Texas can give
her no claim beyond her just limits; and as well
might the "old thirteen" have, by act of Congress,
thrown a title over all the surrounding provinces of
Great Britain, or Louisiana and the Floridas, as
Texas over parts of adjacent provinces which had
not been associated with her in the revolutionary
struggle, nor ever acknowledged her jurisdiction.
It is not pretended that Texas acquired this terri-
tory by conquest, for she has never fought a battle,
or marched a soldier beyond her original limits.
Where, then, is the claim of Texas to this territory?,
It is an ideal claim, and is worth just as much as
the paper upon which it is inscribed. And this is
the territory out of which free States are proposed
to be formed, according to some of the many pro-
jects before us; for all of them sedulously provide
that Texas proper shall be untrammelled in this re-
spect. And the plan of the gentleman from Tennes-
see, [Mr. Brown,] to which the gentleman from
South Carolina [Mr. Rhett] has referred as being
the one most likely to receive the sanction of this
House, provides that slavery shall not be prohibited
south of 36° 30', the Missouri compromise line, and
north of it only by and with the consent of the
State of Texas—giving to the slave State of Texas
the unqualified power of determining whether or not
a single free State shall be erected out of the territo-
ly, even if it should happen that Texas extends to,
and north of, the compromise line, and should be
capable of sustaining a population sufficient to enti-
tle it to the privileges of a State; which, from the
mountainous and barren nature of the country, is
utterly impossible.
But Texas proper does not extend north to 36°
30'—36° being the utmost limit prescribed by the
government of Mexico, through its commissioner,
General Almonte, and 34° by Colonel Austin, its
co-proprietor and patron. And, as these resolutions
propose annexing only the territory "rightfully be-
longing to the republic of Texas," it is not probable
that, in an adjustment of boundary with the Mexi-
can government, "upon the most liberal terms," as
suggested by the President, a moie northerly
line will be obtained, particularly as no advantage
would be gained by the South in pressing north, but
all in extending it southwest. Then, where will be
your free States. Let the people of the North look
to this.
The honorable gentleman from South Carolina
[Mr. Holmes] declaims against placinglimits to the
extension of slavery. He says they must have the
whole of Texas, so that when they impoverish one
section of the country they may pull up stakes and
move .to another. This is all very candid in that
gentleman, but where will it end, and what will be
the result? Slavery has already impoverished one
half of the old States, and it is hurrying an equal
number of new ones to the same destiny. It is al-
ready crying out for more land upon which to con-
tinue its work of destruction. It has reached the
bounds of the Union, and now demands that they
shall be burst, that it may extend its devastation
and lay waste the whole southern continent. Shall
we do it, or shall we stay the destroyer's hand, and
remind him that the earth was given to man to cul-
tivate and not to destroy? There is another feature
of this question which I wish to notice, and I have
dont.
We are told that we must annex Texas in order
"to extend the area of freedom;" and any one not
conversant with the facts would infer, from the ar-
guments here and elsewhere, that the people of that
country were not now enjoying political freedom.
But, having a republican government similar to our
own, and her independence claimed by all who ad-
vocate immediate annexation, how, if freedom mean
republican liberty, can its aiea be extended by the
union of the two governments? It is absurd—it is
mockery.
SPEECH OF MR. E. S. HAMLIN,
OF OHIO.
In the House of Representatives, January 9, 1845.
On the annexation of Texas.
Mr. Chairman: I need not say that this is an
important question. The interest which it has ex-
cited, and now excites here; the deep feeling which
every where pervades the American people on the
subject; the anxiety, the foiebodings, with which
they look for the result of our deliberations, should
make us realize that the responsibility resting upon
us is one of no ordinaly character. The question
is whether our old ship of state shall be launched
upon an unknown sea—shall sail upon an unknown
vovage. For one, I am afraid of storms, of rocks,
and quicksands. I prefer that she shall still pursue
the beaten track; that she shall keep near shore,
where, heretofore, she has pursued her course in
safety, well laden with rich and valuable cargoes.
It is not for me to attack those who desire to try
a dangerous experiment. I shall not impeach the
